
###chapter 1 Lucas
********
Fated to ignite a forbidden bond, Lucas—a future Alpha—defies tradition for Amelia, an outcast with a lethal secret. As ancient prophecies awaken and traitors close in, their love may save their kind... or doom both worlds to extinction.
********
"YOUR LATE!!" Mateo shouting into my head waking me abruptly, oh no not again rubbing my eyes and stretching out as I did every morning. Rolling over to see the alarm clock at 9.20, that not just the usual 5/10 minutes its nearly half an hour late. I leap out of bed throw on some worn jeans, white tank and plaid shirt undone over, quickly run my hands through my soft blonde locks, quickly brushing my pearly whites before racing out the door. 



Dreading the look, she would give for being so late, her long black curls pinned away from her face, her very on point eyebrows almost make her look angry constantly to top it off her stern dominating voice. Even being on the shorter side she terrified students, although Mateo and me have learnt to leave it go others still give her some stick Jackson included. Mrs Harrison wasn't impressed with anyone being late for her classes and usually ended up giving them double the work load so having her both first and second period was going to be torture. Although I do feel she has a little soft spot for Jackson almost sounds as if she's trying to seduce him at times, I mean he's very easy on the eyes, probably describe him as tall, dark and handsome which got all the attention both male and female. Well, me, I'm have far more defined musculature and taller a than Jackson being a future alpha and all, I just don't show it off unlike him. 



Reaching the school after running at my wolf speed trying not to be noticed but I was impressed to see it had only taken 15 minutes. Bursting into class to have everyone stare. I rub my head and give an apologetic look muttering sorry. Sending a mind link New record to Mateo and Jackson smiling proud of my achievement. They shook their heads and let out a laugh. "Boys is there something you'd like to share with us?" Mrs Harrison frustrated by now after the interruption. "No sorry please carry on" I said apologetically. "Thank you but you will have double homework none the less." Oh, great not like don't have enough on my plate.



Lunchtime came so slow my stomach now growling at me, getting some quizzing looks from some of the others in class. Shrugging my shoulders at them. These late training sessions with Nathan and Evan for the last week is taking it toll on me, my father insists its for my own benefit, but I'm sure he just wants to punish me because I won't take the chosen mate he has in line for me, I want a chance to find my true mate is that so much to ask. The moon goddess will give me something special I know it I just know it feeling the frustration build fisting my hands through my locks. My mother is very supporting on this because she didn't get that opportunity when she was arranged to mate my father although they both love each other dearly she's always told me to take my chance at finding my chosen one and that's what I intend on doing I have time a few months before my 18th birthday so I'm just enjoying my time with my brothers.Jackson and Mateo break me from my thoughts. "what's up bro?" Jackson quizzing me. Mateo nodding along "you've been really off the last week something bothering you bro, I'm sure we can give you someone to release that tension building up" with cocky smirk. I catch him off guard with my elbow catching his ribs, I guess I have been in thought more lately with everything "just the pressure looming over me taking over as alpha not sure I'm up for it, plus I don't want a chosen mate I want my true Luna."Lucas don't you dare question yourself your already 10 times the man your father, our pack loves you and you know it so don't be so hard on yourself as for your Luna hopefully we will find her before it comes to that." Nathan piping up from nowhere. 



"No training tonight  you've worked hard this week your mother wants you to have some free time." Maybe my mother is trying to get him to ease off on me she always worries he pushes me too hard especially because I'm the future Alpha of the pack, me and Da don't see eye to eye on the whole Luna deposition, he wants me to have a chosen mate, making it nearly impossible to get the time to find my little Luna whoever she may be my thoughts taking me away again.



Finally last period coming to close, "Guys just had the news, we have no training and no duties  tonight, it's student night I the bunker who's game?" Mateo and Jackson already on board the party animals they are, I'm not that into the scene id rather go for a run to let Damon out and try and shrug the heaviness off  for a little while. "Oi sucker don't think your backing out this time, you can let Damon out tomorrow you need to get out" Guess I don't have a choice I begrudgingly agree but it does give me the opportunity to maybe find my Luna. "Taxi at 8 outside the packhouse."



I head up to my room slump myself on the bed big enough for 3 wolves of my size. Everything in a silver and blue colour coordination and a beach wood finish bright and airy always welcoming for the day I find her, my Luna, my fated, my mate. I drag myself up and head for the kitchen making my self quick chicken n pasta before heading in the shower. 



Letting the warm steamy water fall down over easing the tension in my muscles allowing them to relax I let out a sigh in relief. Smelling the sandalwood and jasmine from the washes and shampoos and whatever my mother made for me she loves that kind of thing she always smells divine, and always taught me to take care of my body and hair kind of routine. As I finish drying my hair to keep some of my loose curls intact without being frizzy. I hear someone burst into my room, recognising the scene over powering my room, Jackson the womaniser, I really wish he wouldn't go off with all these women. Its not that thses women aren't up for it but your mate is precious and should be your one and only love and partner, mating is sacred. 



"I'll be there now bro just finishing up then I'll get dressed and we head down" letting him know I wouldn't be long. Grabbing some dark wash jeans slightly worn but hung on my hips as I liked, grabbed a black fitted shirt that clung to me. Quickly putting my chain on and shoes on. I'm ready.



Heading back to the kitchen to find Jackson and Mateo both devouring my left-over pasta, grunting and growling in approval. "This is so good, where did you learn to cook". I shrugged my shoulders and rolled my eyes at the sight of them shovelling each mouthful in occasional gulping of water to wash it down. Checking my watch its 7.55 Nathan is gonna be pissed if we're late, as they carry their dishes over to the sink, I mutter "leave them were going to be late, let's go". 



Nathan already waiting downstairs which he seemed annoyed it was 8 already and taxi was waiting outside. Me uttering "blame the hungry wolves themselves" both letting out a low growl. Nathan and I just ignored and head into the taxi. I let out a long sigh and the driver pulled away. 
###chapter 2 Bunker
8.25 the bunker comes into sight, doesn't give out a good vibe from the outside looks dirty and abandoned compared to some of the other bars and clubs in town but still seemed to have the crowd coming back, probably the most popular bar in Flinton and one of the good things is our state you can drink in clubs from 16. I get a nudge from Nathan "let your hair down your not alpha yet." I rolled my eyes but knowing he's right I should but I always try to keep myself in check to always be the alpha I'm destined to be. Always that heaviness on me, I shake my thoughts to enjoy tonight. 

Getting out the taxi I tip the driver heavily and give him a nod knowing to pick us up on my call. The boys know its my call on when we leave so they didn't argue about that just made the most of our free time. Making our way towards to door the men opened the doors straight nodding to us in approval. Hearing the DJ mixing up some beats that seemed to vibrate my chest before we headed in, flickering lights almost to disorient you. As my eyes and body adjust to my bearings, I can finally relax a little, the smell of sweat, vomit and piss already thick in the air thanks to my alpha senses. "Its gonna be a good night" Jackson winking at me with his devilish smirk. When will this one realise its not about the women its about having a good time. 

Scanning the room, I already see that Mateo is at the bar grabbing the first round of drinks and shots, Nathan dancing and Jackson heading at our booth hold on two girls already in our booth with their cosmos. I head over seeing that the blonde and brunette excited to be joined by Jackson, sending me a wink "Let's have a good time, which one do you want" They are both very easy on the eye no denying and both being human I guessed with no scent of wolf or sense of anything really peaking my interest why was there no scent at all but their slender bodies and small curves almost sculpted by their deep v dresses very similar as if it was planned out like this, but none the less I felt no attraction towards either.  "All yours"sending a wink to get him off my case. He shrugged as if he said your loss. As I took a seat and grabbed my friend captain Morgan and coke. 

Nathan appeared out of nowhere "Well what do we have here, what honour do we have to have two such beautiful girls to join us?" scanning their bodies like a prey would their food. Their eyes flew open at the sight of him, his perfect balanced out almost black hair between spikes and I just ran my fingers through my hair look, his eyes a chestnut brown he didn't really give much imagination to his structure either in his tight navy chinos and v neck tee clinging to his biceps, pecks and abs the perfect body. Any girl would dream about. He can be just as bad with the women as Jackson. 

"Nathan" said suggestively "my name is Nathan and yours?"  The brunette answered "Haisley and this is my friend Liberty you can call her Libby" looking straight at me with her piercing Hazel eyes. Something started to feel off and making Damon feel anxious and defensive, pushing him back before he could take control, "Lucas let me out I need to know what this is, something doesn't add up. stop Damon, you will reveal us you carry on there are many humans here we can't take any risks even if I do agree with you" I insisted. Fighting with Damon never pleased me but he felt he needed to control everything, with me being so tense lately as if my judgment was clouded, he needed to be assured I wasn't naive. Haisley continued to stare I quickly muttered, "My name is Lucas, and you already know everyone else, so what brought you here to our booth?" she cocked her head to the side "sorry, didn't realise it was yours it's just it was free so we took it" she said smirking. Libby started to look uncomfortable so Mateo grabbed her hand to go to dance. 

"Something is off here, Damon is pushing forward and trying to take control, for some reason he doesn't trust these girls, I agree with him they have no scent so theyare masking but why? Something is really wrong but dont know what?" I linked the boys, Jackson getting all cocky "For fuck sakes, everything is always off to you, for once relax and enjoy, if you don't want them fine but don't cock block me, go hunting for your Luna pretty boy they wouldn't want a weak Alpha anyway. Watch your place Jackson, im just trying to warn you to be careful. I will continue to entertain my guests thank you now move along to whatever you were doing." I let out a low growl, gave him a pressing stare before heading to the bar, trying to shake off the apprehension.

"Hey what can I get you?" a sweet voice came from behind me as I leaned with my back to the bar, watching the girls every move."Look if you don't want a drink please move, I don't mean to be rude but people are waiting." "Sorry" I said apologetically "I'll take a Morgan's and coke" "coming up but you look at unease people come here to let loose, if its your first time, I recommend our gin infusion usually help calm the nerves." As I look at her there's something about her, she's not ogling me she's doing her job but notices finer details. Maybe she's worked here long enough to read people. "Worked here long?" I asked gently. "The last 6 months or so it's a job it pays" her reply masking something her frown apparent. "Sorry didn't mean to press just making conversation." "Its fine, enjoy the rest of your night" I walk away with my 2 drinks now in hand. 



Getting to booth to sit where everyone sitting chatting and generally relaxed, I get a glare from Haisley who was wrapped into Jackson's arms. "There's something about her, don't trust her" Damon stating the obvious. I can't speak to Jackson after the way he spoke to me he'll only fuel my anger towards him. "Mateo I'll be outside, just need some air" Mateo nodded as if he could feel the atmosphere changing. "Libby seems nice Mateo dong fuck with her she seems innocent, Haisley on the other hand Damon and I think theres something suspicious about her" linking Mateo. "Don't worry I trust your judgement." 



Walking out the doors it hit me I finally let out a large breath I didn't even know I was holding in even feeling like some tension went with it. I suddenly looked over to find the waiter taking out the trash in the distance, she's small, her clothes worn, probably working this job to get cash, she shouldnt be left like this where is anyone to help a girl out. I notice her being followed by a familiar silhouette, Haisley. I listen in with my wolf hearing. Haisley laughing at this girl but why? The girl frowning as Haisley grabs her arm and mutters "don't go ruining this for me now or show everyone the skank you are" spitting at her and wonders off back through the side door for the bar. Within seconds I find myself frown and feel I should defend this girl but why I don't understand. I don't feel anything towards either of them but I do know this Haisley is irritating me. I get one of the guards to take in a lump of cash and leave it behind the bar, I leave a note, tip for the bartender with the golden eyes and slump against the wall while they take it in, hopefully it will go to good use, fisting my hair again. Feels like the weight of the world is on my shoulders right now my head going around the same thing Alpha, Luna, chosen, fated I leave out a large sigh. I find myself breaking from my thoughts to see Haisley staring at me, "I came out here to get away from everyone" letting out a frustrated sigh. "You have no idea who I am do you?" I shrugged without even caring who she was. She's just a bully that needs a reality check. 



"I AM YOUR CHOSEN MATE!!" taking me completely off guard, I knew it was a setup all along. While my anger radiates I see Jackson's pissed at me, for what? something I have no control over. Maybe if he didn't jump on everything with a pulse he wouldn't face disappointment. "I HAVE NO CHOSEN MATE AND ESPECIALLY NOT A LOW LIFE BULLY"  






###chapter 3 Amelia
Sitting in the library with Roman trying to do some reading. He hates reading but knows I love it, so does it anyway for me. Roman is tall nicely tanned well built and mouth wateringly handsome, and probably the only person nice to me at this point he acts as my protector. He's training to be a warrior so gets some stick sometimes for hanging out with me but doesn't let it get to him, I frown at the thought it's because of me. Thoughts trailing off to hoping he is my true mate since he's my best and only friend, even my parents left me. "Amelia you seem in thought again" "sorry just getting distracted recently" I get back to my book, roman doesn't press he knows how tough things can get sometimes. 



The black shadow pack isn't all bad, I follow my duties and chores as an omega, I get rewarded with food and necessities to survive and most importantly full access to the library. I use the library as my school, my getaway and my safe haven since no one really comes here. Although we don't have access to schools or colleges, they do throw on some essential classes at times for survival skills, pack education and what not but none of real interest to me. Reading and gymnastics is where my passion lies, sounds weird a wolf doing gymnastics but it gives a sense of pride I never get from anything else. Tara my wolf loves the excitement and thrill I get from the tricks also helps her in some ways brings her strength and different aspect of defence she never thought was possible when we started. After What seemed to be hours in my own thoughts Roman nudges me to break my thoughts "it's 3 already" Roman uttered, oh crap I need to finish the chores quickly before I can use the gymnasium. Rushing to shove everything in my bag before heading out thanking Roman on the way out. How ever am I going to finish everything get to the gym go let Tara out for a run and get to work all by 7pm. May not be the best job in the world but it gives me money to get me by, Bunkers probably one of the busiest nightclubs. 



5pm I finally finished this evening chores I head to the alpha's office. Seeing Haisley and Libby heading out from the office sending chills down my spine as Haisley laughs and utters "little skank" tripping me up sending me flying toward the office. I pull myself up shrug it off no use acting only gets me punished seen as she is the gamma's daughter and looks at me like a slave as does everyone else, its only because I have no real parents I don't really know the full extent but Alpha and Luna took me in and have provided shelter for me but it came at a cost I'm basically a slave for everyone.  



I knock the big hard wood door, Alpha Ryder opens the door with a half hearted smile "Amelia what can I do for you today?" "Alpha may I use the gymnasium for 30 minutes I have completed my chores for today" I said bowing my head to him awaiting approval. "If you must" I nodded thanking him for his act of kindness. I head to the gym and send my alarm for 25 minutes to allow myself enough time to clear up and head out for Tara run before I get ready for work. 



The time flew by as I jump in the warm shower nursing my aching body from my workout. Thoughts of Roman invading my head his perfect body, his sparkling eyes, large strong hands caressing my creamy white body. I drag myself from my thoughts biting my lip giving myself a flushed appearance. Please goddess let it be him I whispered to myself, dragging myself out the shower put some Moroccan oil in my hair, blow dry to throw it up into a messy bun as I begin getting organised for work in Bunkers. Put on some light make up, my well worn skinny jeans, my pink and grey plaid shirt with ¾ length sleeves, put on my pumps and good to go, checking the time its 6.40. Quickly deciding I'll eat at work takes 15 minutes run to get there. Check the fridge to find a pasta and salad with note. Enjoy work don't forget to eat - Roman. "Thank you Bud" my heart warmed sending him a link remembering my thoughts of earlier I blush again. No worries I knew you wouldn't have time to make anything. Please goddess be him. Only a month to find out but Roman won't know until he turns 18 the following week, I sigh heavily.



Oh god I'm gonna be late 6.55 by my phone I sprint out the door. I arrive at work at 12 minutes past. "Oh, Amelia your here you look exhausted everything okay?" Mr Powell looking over me. "Sorry I'm late I rushed and got here soon as I could" "nonsense dear its fine have you eaten?". I held up the food Roman made me, he cared for me like a father would his own. "Now go grab yourself a drink and have food and meet me behind the bar once your done, not before flower." Giving me no way to argue with him which I loved he cared so much for me.



Starting to pick up now its 8pm the usual time. making sure we had glasses clean and ready to go, I notice Haisley and Libby walk in, I sigh heavily just my luck. They immediately take a seat at the reserved table, two cosmos put it on the tables tab. I weave in and out of the crowd already building and come to the table and place their drinks down "Anything else?" I muttered, without an an answer Haisley just shooed me away without even looking at me. I can't wait for the day I actually stand up for myself, well if it ever comes. 



It hit me like I'd been hit by a double decker bus, the power radiating through the room, high ranking wolves four to be exact, they all look mouth wateringly divine I don't recognise them so they must be from another pack. I see one heading towards the bar, copper soft curls, emerald green eyes with hues of brown, just enough stubble, chiselled jaw line and to top it off the perfectly defined body of a God surely he's got to be an Alpha "Excuse me can I get 3 beers a morgans and coke and 4 blue essence shots please" flashing a devilish smile. "Sure, can I get you a tray to carry everything" "That would be awesome, so who are the beautiful girls in our booth they regulars or?" "Actually no they're not but their names are Haisley and Libby" I said rolling my eyes "Oh you don't seem too fond of them by rolling them eyes" saying suggestively. "We just don't get along"* sending a frown across my face. "If there's nothing else it will be.." "put it on a tab for the table"  cutting me off half way through my sentence and turned to walk away. Well that was abit rude I thought to myself. 



After a busy hour I find myself ogling over them all again except Libby and the copper hair guy had disappeared. One of the three looked disinterested in anything that was going on just drank his drink and left them to it, guard maybe? After serving a few others, I notice the guy not at the table but leaning with his back toward the bar. "Hey what can I get you?"  with no reply or even acknowledgement id even spoke. "Look if you don't want a drink please move, I don't mean to be rude but people are waiting." my voice came out a little harsher than anticipated. "sorry" with an apologic look on his face my goddess he is a work of art, ice blue eyes with subtle tints of silver, morning stubble, honey blonde loose curls almost perfectly styled, without letting off the fact I've spent this time completely over whelmed by him. "I'll take a morgans and coke please" "Coming up but you look at unease people come here to let loose, if its your first time, I recommend our gin infusion usually help calm the nerves." giving a suggestively look. "Worked here long?" he gently pressed. "The last 6 months or so its a job its pays" my frown apparent by now I didn't like people questioning me about what I do. "Sorry didn't mean to press just making conversation." "Its fine, enjoy the rest of your night" he turned to go back to his table, maybe he was just generally being nice either way I shrugged it off. 



I serve a few more then start to get all the trash building up behind the bar. I exit the side door, I can feel eyes burning the back of my, I turn to find Haisley staring like she looking right through me. She burst into a laughter while gripping my arm like a vice uttering  "don't go ruining this for me now or I'll show everyone the skank you are". I feel my arm burning from her grip, she let my arm go spitting at me as turned on her heel to walk away. I frown and look down at my arm to see the bruising already disappearing thanks to Tara I dont understand what I did wrong this time though. With that I head back inside to finish my shift without any other troubles hopefully. 



A couple of hours later after keeping myself incredibly busy to avoid any chit chat with anyone, everything started to cal. 3am now and Mr Powell is approaching, "well Amelia you have kept yourself busy tonight and I think someone may have taken an interest as they left you a hefty tip".  "Who?" I blurted out without thinking. "That I can't answer there was just an bundle of cash for the bartender with golden eyes"
###chapter 4 The black shadow pack
"Amelia are you okay?  Its gone 10am and not heard or seen you this morning." Romans mind link flashing into my head. Stirring from my sleep still feeling exhausted, I rub my eyes to adjust the the sun peaking in through the window. "Amelia?"  Roman again, "Sorry was sleeping I've been so exhausted since last night, I'm going to get on with some chores, come over later." Closing off my mind link throw on some jogger bottoms, a crop top and some sneakers , throw my hair into messy bun, headphones in and away to go. I headed to the kitchen grabbing one of the left over croissants from breakfast before heading down to the basement to put the first of many loads of washing. 



After an hour of sorting through washing and piling things up to go to each ones room. I find myself getting tired again, why can't I shake this feeling I mean I didn't do that much of a work out yesterday, okay I didn't eat much but I was used to that I had left overs unless Roman made food for us or ordered takeaway, maybe just catching up on me. Now that the 3 washing machines were full, I went on to the dining room hoovering, mopping, polishing and dusting luckily I'd done the majority of the cleaning yesterday. I begin heading back down to the laundry room to swap clothes over to the tumble dryer and putting more loads in. I bump into someone not realising, "Sorry" came out of my mouth without really taking note who it was.



I sat down on the cold concrete for 10 minutes trying to regain some energy for the bathrooms. Suddenly images of that gorgeous man from the bunker invade my mind those incredible eyes, just making me melt at the thought. Maybe it was him who tipped me, my thoughts trailing off to how his godly body would look stripped down the feeling of our bodies grinding sending sparks through each touch. I break myself from though letting out a low growl and shook my head no you don't need anyone but Roman. Roman is your mate stop dreaming and get on with life I told myself. Tara feeling the frustration aswell. I sighed hard, they're just thoughts I try to convince myself. 



"Amelia I'm really worried about you it's as if your distancing yourself from me I'm not sure what I've done or what's even up with you, are you coming down with something? do you need to see the pack doctor?" Roman blurting out with a concerned look across his face."No it's nothing I think everything is just catching up on me I think a large meal and a good rest will do the trick,  join me for takeaway and film tonight?" I uttered suggestivly. I hate seeing the doctors for my yearly check up I'm not going for abit of tiredness. "Sure I'll come over but if you don't start feeling yourself over the weekend you will be seeing the doctor Monday morning understood?"  I nod in agreement throwing a cheeky smile as he helps me off the floor. "Sorry but I do need to get on or I'll never finish, 7.30 sound okay to you?" "Not a minute later" giving me wink as he exits the laundry room. 



I finish folding the dry laundry and replacing dry with wet and so forth, surely there's more to life, not my life I guess sighing in thought, Tara growling at my thoughts, "your even more special than you know." I push her back even though I shouldn't we are special to each other we always will be, feeling her warmth trying to comfort me a small smile creeps upon me "thank you Tara I love you."



Carrying along 3 bags of washing and cleaning supplies trying to juggle everything can be tricky but I've grown to adjust and save time. Starting with the future gamma room just a plain neutral room, cleaning and clothes put away followed by the future beta, I head towards the future Alphas room the one room I always dread I knock and wait for a response with no response I let myself in. His room so organised and everything has it's place, with blacks, greys and whites everywhere it's a perfectly organised. I give everything a wipe down and replace everything where it should be nervously or I would get reminded for the 100th time where things go. I head to the bedroom stacking his clothes to the correct piles, its just changing the bed sheets left and I can head out. I exit the wardrobe to find Jasper sitting on the bed, "your not done yet? your slacking today" he spits out with a growl "Look let's get these sheets changed over and so you can get out of here I have no time for orphans" I just nod my head without showing my tear filled eyes giving me the reminder I never really belonged. "Now that's done get out, no idea why my father still has you here, not like there isn't others to do your job, maybe even quicker and better"  "Yes Alpha I'll Leave now."



I finally finished my chores everyones clothes and bedding clean and dry ready for tomorrow's duties. I head slump onto my bed, exhaustion washing over me.  It's 6pm just enough time for a shower and read a little before 7.30. After a quick shower jumping into some fleece pajamas leaving my hair dry naturally for a change, I start to think about food what are we going to eat. "Thai"  Tara bouncing around knowing it's Romans favourite, typing in the order for delivery at 7.20 giving me enough time to plate up before he gets here. "Don't forget panang curry" Tara trying to be useful reminding me that its Romans favourite. "Yes Tara thank you." 
Order complete. 



I turn to my bag where all my books usually are, I pull one out didn't really mind which one, Myths and prophecies that'll do. I got so lost I was loosing track of time. 7.15pm oh crap, I throw my book back in my bag and head to the packhouse door, driver already waiting. "thanks heres a tip" rushed back to my room to plate up. A knock on the door "come in your right on time" Roman appeared in sweat pants and oversized tee taking my breath away I think he could wear a bin bag and I'd still be attracted except this time I have two men battling around my mind trying not show my frustration. 



"I already picked a film I hope you don't mind it's a thriller/mystery" hoping he wouldn't mind "Whatever you like I picked last time so it was turn anyway" We nabbed out plates and sat on either end of the small sofa, a little too small for Roman but he never complained. I hit play, we both started to tuck into our dinner, hearing the grunts and growls of approval coming from Roman without realising I was letting out a chuckle, "what's funny?" his mouth full of food, "nothing just look kinda cute when you eat like that, it gets me everytime". We both finished so I took the plates to the kitchen as I sat back down there it was again exhaustion washing over me, I hadn't felt it at all since having a shower until now. "It's happening again isn't it, your getting tired"  Roman looking at me concerned, I could feel his frustration too. "A little but I'm fine, it'll pass just watch the movie" he shook his head in disbelief but continued to watch the movie not to press any further. 



"Amelia my office please"
The Alphas link awaking me suddenly realising I'd fallen asleep, checking the time half 9 I don't even remember watching the rest of the film. Oh no wheres Roman? I practically abandoned him, feeling guilty, I pick myself up off the sofa, mind link Roman, "I'm sorry" I sent extremely apologetic. It's okay you were tired just get your rest I'll see you tomorrow. I frowned and with that, Amelia now. What did I do this time? I wish all this would end but I don't want to be without Roman.
###chapter 5 Tension and exhaustion
"I AM YOUR CHOSEN MATE" going through my head more times than I can count since last night. I was lucky to keep control with Damon trying his best to push through, I've barely slept with those words playing around my head. I knew it I knew it, I told them something was off the minute they didn't have a scent. It was a set up and I walked right into the trap, my father giving me free time, to her being there. When will he realise I am not taking a chosen mate. I can't confront him yet, Damon and I need to calm down first or it will be world war 3, I won't be able to keep my composure and Damon will come to surface and thats something I need to avoid at all costs.



"Spoken to Jackson yet?"  Mateo hates us all arguing but we are all so stubborn, this time I am not making an apology. "Nope why should I? he was out of line by a million miles. I get it but you do need make up at some point we are brothers in all this. I'm not taking the blame for fact his attitude sucked before she blurted out her all her bullshit." After that it was awkward so I called the taxi to come get us. "Mat it was like an explosion went off in the taxi back. It was my fault she didn't go home with him, my fault he didn't get his leg over and what hurt the most is he said "im going to be a weak pointless Alpha so why on earth would I apologise. I get it man but you can't go on like that"I dont even link back, all she wants is power, domination and wealth the three things whores like her look for, then all of a sudden images of the bartender come to mind, her golden eyes, her mixed blonde messy bun looked like her hair was dyed but there was no indication it wasn't natural, there were no signs of regrowth or missed patches it was perfect so it had to be natural, honestly I've never seen anyone with such golden eyes, breath taking and more importantly she treated me as a normal person not alpha just plain old me, quite liked being normal for once, my thoughts giving exhaustion and alot of tension, really gotta think about what's going on with me. 



This tension and exhaustion is totally overwhelming, I've trained hard lately but after the events of last night just added to it, so I drag myself from bed telling myself a shower will help. I like the shower to run until hot and steamy, I jump feeling the water take some of the tension away letting out a deep sigh. I lather up the shampoo, put it through my hair feeling the soap run down my body, when images of the bartender last night come to mind again, her head would probably only meet my chest, she's seems in amazing shape curves in all the right places looking like a goddess even if her clothes were on the larger side you could still see her silhouette. Flashing images of cupping her peachy cheeks bringing her into my embrace, feeling her soft lips brush against my neck sending pulses through my veins. I stop myself in my trailing thoughts I've never thought of anyone like that before, never even felt even remotely interested could it be? I am the next alpha after all its possible I met her early. Maybe, just maybe, all I can do it hope at this point.



8.30 time for breakfast I guess heading down the stairs to the dining room, though some the tension lifted, it seemed my exhaustion had not. Perhaps Dr Preston will have something to help with that. Dr Preston have you got 15 minutes later? I need to run something by you linking in with the pack doctor, one amazing doctor at that. Yes Lucas I have some time around 3 if you can make it, I'll have some coffee ready for you. Thank you catch you later letting out a sigh of relief. 



I sit down taking some bacon, egg, sausage and toast Mateo bringing me my coffee. "Lucas you look like shit, did you even go to bed?"  looking at me mouth agape, Damon pushing out a growl, "matter of fact is did sleep, just not an awful lot" "We have training in an hour you know that right" seemingly shocked Mateo uttered out. "Yes I am aware and will be attending" trying to drop the subject. Nathan strolls over casually "Wow you..." "look like shit, I'm aware" not letting him finish. "Take it Jackson isn't joining this morning?" Mateo cautiously brought up "Can you blame him after his behaviour last night, he's probably gonna bow his head in shame for a few days" Nathan replied smirking away. "Boys I will see you on the field I'm gonna let Damon a quick run first" leaving my half eaten breakfast. 



I head for the tree line stripping off and placing my clothes in a bag hanging it on a branch close by. "You ready for this." Damon shifting us into our wolf form, his silver fur glistening in the sunlight letting out a howl before heading into to the forrestry, hearing his paw pound the ground becoming lighter the faster we went, everything a blur Damon feeling on top form doing abit of hunting while we're here. We come a across an old gazebo by a pond in a small clearing thinking this must look magical in the moonlight. "We will have to bring mate here."  Damon being all soft on me. I was thinking the same thing maybe can be our own little getaway. "Come on Damon best get back we'll miss training." 



Shifting back to my human form throwing my clothes back on and walking on the field where Mateo and Nathan already warming up. "feeling better now you let him out"  Nathan asked I shrug it off. "Come on Luc you never look that exhausted" Mateo implied "Just under alot of pressure at the moment I'll just sleep it off." 



Training went on for what seem like hours, I kept pushing and pushing myself, feeling my whole body ache, the exhaustion washing over me again. Evan checking the time 12pm. "Good session guys catch you tomorrow morning"1 applauding them with pride he really does put his heart and soul into training everyone, I just hope Nathan is just as proud as he, he will make a good trainer one day. Time for a shower hopefully it will help. 



Lunch already starting to be cooked as I head up for another shower to take away the aches and bruising. Thanks to my wolf abilities I'm fully healed
again. Throwing on some slack clothes fisting my hand through my hair to try and give some sort of shape, put some sneakers on, good to go. Taccos for lunch, smells heavenly gives the place such a delightful aroma with all the different components. I head for the dining room inhaling every ounce I can realising just how hungry I am. 



I take a seat while I wait for the boys to come join me and for food to come out, my stomach now growling after not eating a full breakfast this morning. Nathan comes to join me "you look abit better," saying it with extreme caustion not to offend again. "Yeh feeling a little better but it's coming in waves so just on abit of a rollercoaster in all aspects I guess" letting out a sigh. "we got your back no matter what bro" Mateo appears from out of space patting me on the shoulder, I nod in appreciation. Thank goddess food is here checking my phone 2pm already I have an hour, letting out a sigh I need some answers I can't act like this is going away, I'm supposed to be the next alpha for goodness sake. I start to tuck in to food by the time I finish my second tacco I'm ready for desert. I see Nova hovering around, I give her a call out and wave her over, "Lucci!!!" she screams in excitement. "Hey sunshine do you know if we have desert? I need something sweet just like you"  "l'll go check for you" Nova is just the sweetest girl ever, browny blonde hair long loose curls with a slight frizz, she's 8 so I can get away with pet names for now. I've always treated her like a sister, she might aswell be with me and Nathan being so close. "Sorry but no desert until tonight" frowning at me. "It's okay, I'll have you instead"  throwing her over my shoulder playfully pretending to nibble at her legs hearing her laugh so infectious. "Lucci put me down I'm gonna pee". I put her on her feet,  gently giving her a hug before she runs off before she ends making a puddle on the floor. "She's so adorable" watching her walk away. "Your gonna make an awesome dad" Nathan exclaims, "I'll do my best". I check my phone 2.50 "gotta make a move" "catch you later bro"  they both say in unison.

###chapter 6 Let's get some answers
"Dr Preston"  I say knocking gentlyand peep through the door. "Oh Lucas my boy and please call me Mark you know there's no need for formalities" handing over my coffee always made to perfection humming in delight with the first sip. "I'm sorry your right, just force of habit I guess coffee's perfect thank you" "your most welcome, so how's things? what makes you want to drop by?"  "Where do I start,  I have so much  tension, I'm struggling to loosen up, I put that down to the disagreements with my father, then there's the fact will take over and run this pack as my own soon but then last night I went out with the boys free time given to me but actually turnout to be a set up but beyond all that I've been exhausted in waves intermittently ever since last night but its only since I spoke to the bartender. I mean I don't think its a mate bond I'm feeling seen as I have another few months before I come of age. So that's why I came to you to see if you have anything that will help or even an explanation." I explained with frustrated look on my face, Mark looks puzzled too doesn't seem like good news I sigh at my own thoughts. "Come on now boy no need to sigh your trying to live up to so many expectations and live a life everyone else wants you to be your bound to feel tense but I'll give you a supplement to ease the tension it's a calming agent, one a day after breakfast should be fine. now to address these waves of exhaustion can you elaborate? How does it affect you both physically and mentally or? Is there anything you pinpoint that causes it or accompanying effects?"  I mumble on about details I'm sure of but some are unclear "one thing is that sometimes I get thoughts of the bartender with images of her flashing through my head once I push them aside give a short time and this exhaustion is back again but it's not everytime it happens that she comes to mind." "interesting, it could be a begining of a mate bond but I can't be sure on that, being an alpha it is entirely possible to find your mate early, as your father should have explained to you" Mark suggested. "He doesn't want me to find my true mate, my true luna, he wants me to take a chosen mate he picked out for me" letting out a loud growl, letting my anger be apparent. "I am so sorry I didn't mean to upset you just making a clear picture" "Sorry I didn't mean it that way I just don't agree with my fathers ways, I want my fated Luna"



Here it comes the exhaustion building again, Mark sees it with his own eyes, seeing the colour drain from my face and my body beginning to slouch and my eyes getting slightly heavy. "It's happening now isn't it" I nod my head slowly "Can I do some vitals and bloods while your in this state to see what I'm dealing with? to make sure it isn't a case for concern" "if you think it's going to help" I stated allowing him full access. "Your vitals are stable as ever I'll have to wait for these bloods to come back but I'll link you when I have some answers for you I'll also look into the possibility of it being a mate bond, I've read something similar before but I'm not sure if it ties in with yours, you'll have to give me some time to do some reading into that sorry I can't be of more help right now but I will try my best"  So on that note I finish off my now cold coffee and I take the tablets on the desk. "Thank you Mark, can I ask for your full discretion on this matter?". Giving an accepting grin ushering me out the door. "I'll be in touch" as I exit through the double doors the relief of sharing my problem eased everything for that moment. 



I skipped dinner I didn't feel like eating, so just took a nap what felt to be hours was only 40 minutes. "Whats wrong with me Damon I'm exhausted but can't sleep but need sleep because I'm exhausted" letting out a large sigh. Damon whimpering along didn't make things easier I decide to link my mother. "Ma how are you keeping? sorry I didn't see you at dinner I've been trying to catch up on some rest. I'm glad your resting love, I'm okay today's been tough your father is not in the best of moods for whatever reason this time." She doesn't know? why doesn't she know? "Put the kettle on I'll be over in 5 minutes. Don't cause an argument Luc please"



It breaks my heart everytime she pleads, it's as if she's broken, she's grown weaker over the last year. Standing outside my parents house trying to calm myself before I enter it won't last long but for my mother I will try I owe her that. They've lived outside the packhouse since they found out about me, my mother loved it here peace here when she wasn't working or helping out the pack with other duties, my father was always so busy he was never home so my mother could be doing what she wanted. Even though I know they love eachother I still feel like there's something else but what? Its something they obviously don't want to discuss with me. Letting out a deep sigh, behave for Ma's sake Luc.
###chapter 7 Confrontion
I brace myself before walking through the solid oak doors. I see my mother already curled up on her chair with her mug of herbal tea, she swears by it but I've never taken a liking to it myself. The first and last time I tried it I ended up spraying it all over the counter, making me chuckle at the fond memories with my mother, so many memories in this house which was once my home. I look around and  notice my coffee laid on the slate coaster on the coffee table, I feel a warm smile coming across my face wrapping my mother in my arms planting a gentle kiss on her forehead, "Hello Ma, hope I didn't keep you from going up to bed , I miss you and needed to get some things off my chest with Da". " No no don't be silly, It's fine my darling always happy to see my little wolf." squeezing me tighter into her embrace, god this woman has so much love to give and always willing to help, I hate seeing how fragile she's becoming. "you look exhausted luc, your doing too much you know I've tried to get your father to ease off a little, have you eaten seen as you skipped dinner?" shaking my head not feeling like eating. "Well I have news for you your eating you must keep your strength, come lets go to the kitchen and see what we can throw together"

I enter the large kitchen looking around with images of us cooking, giggling even the disastrous messes I made, gave me a warm feeling, my mother always made sure I could cook, emphasising I would have to take care of my Luna one day. "Is an omelette okay?" "yes that is fine but you don't have to I didn't come here for food" "nonsense you are still growing my boy" "I hope you two aren't going to make a mess, clean up after yourselves" my fathers voice coming from the living room. When did he get here? pushing my thoughts aside, continuing to converse with my mother. My mother pushes the fresh omelette in front of me, at the kitchen island, devouring my place, grunting and letting growls out in approval, nothing can match my mothers cooking. I wash up and clean while my mother watches me, "you've always been so attentive Luc, your mate will be so lucky to have you" "if I ever find her ma" letting out a large sigh. "don't be so silly you will have everything you deserve and more if I have anything to do with it." Ushering me to the living room. 

Conversation flowing well with the 3 of us, pack business with the integration of the black shadow pack coming to school, and offering eachother support and so forth, my father had been working tirelessly to get them on board but finally it was happening. Occasionally I'd feel my dads eyes would pierce through me knowing full well why I was here, although he never made it obvious to my mother she was just so being smitten for us to be spending time together. I frown knowing I don't make enough time for her as I should, she's my mother I should be worshipping the ground she walks on instead I let my father come between us and I hated myself for it. Conversation coming to a lul. 

"So how was last night little one I hope you loosened up I had to almost beg your father to let you have some free time." Ma quizzed "Thank you Ma it was needed even if a few unexpected guests dropped in" sending out an angry tone. "oh that growl doesn't sound very nice, did Jackson or mateo get into trouble again" my mother frowned knowing what them two could be like. "Actually no Mateo was on best behaviour, I did fall out with Jackson but I'm sure it'll sort itself out. It was me who ended up losing it." "you know that boy has never respected you I still don't know why he's around" my father pressed my mother nodding in agreeance, deep down I knew it but he was my brother he had my back when I needed it. "Hes my brother, even if you don't approve" I spat at my father. "If it wasn't for you I wouldn't have this to deal with right now" a growl escaping, my eyes pinned on my father.

My mother looking at both out with her mouth agape, "You two spit it out what on earth is going on here?". The well established anger filling the room, heck it's probably filling the house waiting to explode. "I'm sure father can explain what he knows and I'll fill the blanks" flashing my pearly whites clenching my jaw. "oh were going to play games are we, you should know by now I don't play your childish games" letting out an evil laugh. "You two need to pack it in and tell me what the hell is going on here. Brandon you better start spilling something or goddess knows what's next." "Ava shut up you have no say in this so keep your nose out" clearly infuriated by her threatening tone "Well I'll start then shall I? seen as you can't be man enough to explain yourself. You see Ma your well intentions to allow me to have a break from duty and obligation which I very much appreciate and know I do not blame you in anyway, you also made my father come up with another one of his ideas, setting a trap for me. There were two girls already waiting for us when we got there, btw dad making them mask themselves was already a second mistake". Trailing on to my mother explaining the events as they unfolded without mentioning the bartender that would complicate this I had to keep that between me and Dr Preston for now as much as I want to share with mother my heart clenched at the thought of possibly keeping a life changing piece of information from her but she will know when the time was right. "Brandon, how could you we agreed we give him 8 months following his birthday to find his true mate." she said broken heartedly. "Ava, nor you or this boy know what is best, look at us the power couple chosen not fated, we've had a wonderful life together and this pack is a living proof we did everything right."  "Brandon, yes we love eachother dearly and gave eachother the best life one could ask for but we both have our regrets you can't deny that to our son. I want to give him the chance we never had." she said sheepishly "Oh Ava your so naive, this is why you were chosen, your beautiful, gentle yet strong, so easy to fall in love with you are the perfect Luna, that is why I want him to have a chosen mate, not someone that will argue and push the decisions he makes"  feeling his attitude change speaking to her. "But this one always chooses to think he knows better, Mr know it all always knows best, so no I will not drop it and you will follow in my footsteps, as I did my father and fathers father. You will take a chosen mate, end of discussion" eyes piercing through me once again. anger boiling up again. 

"I SAID NO!!! It is not up for discussion"  
###chapter 8 Sleeping Beauty
What have I done wrong? questioning myself were my duties yesterday not fulfilled enough, did Jasper complain that he helped do his bed, either way alpha isn't happy with me. I head up to alphas office rubbing my sleepy eyes to try and make myself more awake. Without realising Leon future beta was watching me and sent me flying up the stairs, pointing and laughing calling me "orphan girl, I shrug it off, fighting back will only give me the worse end and proceed to the alphas office. 



Here I am again I have no idea how many times I've been summond but it never got easier even though Alpha wasn't that harsh on me but he would try make me feel smaller and unbelonging to this pack. I knock on the door lightly, to which the door swung open. "Oh hello amelia I thought you weren't coming I was about to head to your room, me and the Luna need to have a discussion with you please come in."



I head in shyly and stand at the end of his desk waiting patiently for what I was here for. "Please Amelia darling come sit down over here with abit more comfort" the Luna pointed towards the sofa. "What took you so long to get here?" she asked me gentle reaching for my hand. "I'm sorry to have held you both up I was asleep when I received your link" I explained apologetically bowing my head. "Oh no no we should be sorry, if we would have known we wouldn't have got up here but I have to ask it is mid morning, why were you asleep?" alpha said sympathetically. "I have been very drained but I'm sure I just needed some rest so I thought I'd catch up while I have the opportunity" not trying to let on that I physically can keep myself awake. "I see, we have had some intel you haven't been yourself. That's why I'd like you to visit the pack doctor tomorrow please no arguments is that clear". I nod in acceptance I guess I'll have to go now Alpha Ryder has requested, was this Romans doing? surely he wouldn't take this to the Alpha. "The main reason you are here is that you've been working very hard on your duties and chores you will have a free day tomorrow, I'd also like to propose I sign you up for school now that we may have some access not absolute but I may be able to pull a few strings I've been informed you would love the opportunity to go to school". My eyes fly open and look over in awe. "We are unable to promise you but please know we will try our best" Luna Lexi explained. "I don't know what to say, thank you Alpha, Luna" taking them into my embrace, I think they were taken back by my gesture. My eyes begin to well up. "no need to thank us yet, just please go to the pack doctor tomorrow and get the rest you need" Luna assured everything would be taken care of in my absence and ushered me out the door. 



I head to the kitchen and start searching cupboards hoping to find some herbal tea, chamomile tea, that will do hopefully it will help me relax and get some sleep. I make my tea and turn on my heel to get back to my room almost bumping into someone I look up to realise its Jasper. "So what are you doing lurking around the kitchen? shouldn't you be busy doing whatever it is you do around here." "I've finished for the day I'm just heading off to bed is there anything I can get or do before that?" not wanting to get a bad word said to the alpha or luna I've been praying to go to school since I can remember. "I'll just grab some snacks from the cupboards I'm not incapable of doing things myself" "Alpha I didn't insinuate that I just..." "Look just because my parents are soft on you doesn't mean I will be, you would be gone already if it was up to me, your worthless here your not the only omega that can do the laundry clean and whatever your duty entails it's not difficult so run along now orphan." I feel my eyes filling up and before I knew it I was scurrying to my room with my tea in hand.



My eyes now swollen and bloodshot from his harsh words, what did I do deserve this. Goddess what do I need to do someone to just give me a break. Orphan, I hated that word and everything with its meaning, it's not like I was given a choice sobbing again once more. Tara trying to comfort me with her warmth, she's the only one who understood me fully and probably the only one who ever will. Roman was good to me and always comforted me in times of need but he never did understand why these things hurt me I mean he has a perfect life, perfect parents, never had the treatment I did. "He does defend us though." I sigh "I know Tara what did we do to deserve him, not long until we find out if he is our true mate, I'm sure he will be there isn't anyone that comes close to the way he treats me. I am his queen and he is my king. What about Mr dreamy at the bar." Tara pointing out. 



I must have fallen asleep in my thoughts last night, waking up to the sunlight blasting through the curtains. checking my clock 11.40, I must have needed that sleep. I feel a little more alert today not 100% but much better than I have been, I just head for the shower. "Amelia Dr Khan will see you at 1pm. Thank you Alpha." I don't have long so I hop in the shower quickly giving myself one of my quickest ever showers, thinking I should look a little presentable. I blow dry my hair, giving it some soft waves, some mascara try to hide my tired eyes swollen eyes from last nights tears and a little lip balm to cover up some of the dry skin, a pair of well worn leggings, white bandeau with a pink off shoulder oversized jumper and some pumps will do. 12.30 I let out a deep breath in relief, I make a quick bowl of noodles I wouldn't have time for anything else, finish up and head out the door.
###chapter 9 Answers
I've been sat here for quite some time now I hope Dr Khan isn't going to be much longer, feeling my nerves building up. I don't hate hospitals, I just hate the smell, a mixture of blood, disease and disinfectant is enough to make anyone sick. The last time I was here was just under a year ago for a check up which was what everyone had, the Alpha and Luna cared for each and everyone of their pack members and always treated everyone fairly even me. The only other person whos always been there is Roman so I'm guessing he's the reason I'm stuck here. "I wish you never told the Alpha how tired I've been I told you I just needed a good meal and some sleep and I'd be fine, now I'm stuck sitting here with nothing wrong with me wasting their time" sending him a frustrated mind link.



"Amelia" Dr Khan as smiley as ever "please come I'm sorry to have kept you waiting so long I've had a few matters to attend to" I walk in nervously "don't be so nervous take a seat and we'll have a chat about whats going on" " Sorry If you feel I am wasting your time but I don't feel like I need to be here" " and why is it you feel that way?" "I feel fine today I've got a full stomach and as bright as ever." " so be honest with me here are you or are you not getting episodes which you have extreme exhaustion and falling asleep in completely random places?" looking at me puzzled. "I have been tired, I don't recall sleeping just anywhere only my sofa and bed but I've been working alot, and don't really get to eat that often so once I'd had a good meal and some rest I feel as good as new." "interesting when did all this start? and as for sleeping anywhere we have cctv so yes you have been randomly going to sleep" "around 2 nights ago after working the bunker" "since your coming of age in around a week, I'd like to think it's linked to that with you being so small." "so I'm completely normal" "yes to a certain degree but this wouldn't be coming and going like yours or sending you to sleep with out you knowing it's happening, was there anything different about your shift like meet anyone or events?" "not really no but I did meet one guy in which I get images through my head and then they disappear again, I feel no attraction towards him even if he is gorgeous but still nothing."



With that I feel it, it's coming over me again the dr looks at me puzzled but asks for some blood samples and and all my vitals all check. "Right Amelia I think I have all the things I need for now but I'm still not sure what this is. It's a possibility your bodies way of developing but I'm not entirely convinced as I've never come across this in all my time in practice. When I have some answers I will inform  you and the alpha." "What should I do in the mean time, I have duties" I asked nervously "rest when you can and try to avoid anything strenuous that will would be depleting your energy further" advising me "but what about my gymnastics and letting my wolf out for a run, these are the things that I would consider non negotiable" making it plain I had no intention of giving these up while I wait "you can but limit the frequency and length of time for now until we know more if you could please it's important you rest and eat plenty before and after to be clear I will inform the Alpha and Luna to monitor these too" I nod in agreement knowing there's no way out of that. "thank you for your time Dr" say in defeat, he smiles warmly as I exit the room. 



Heading back to my room thoughts start filling my head, why me, I am smaller, I am weaker, I am nobody, Jasper is right I'm worthless letting the tears just fall uncontrollably. As I return to my room Tara trying her best to comfort me spreading warmth through my body. "You will understand one day just how special you are," my breathing getting heavier, she's trying her best but she knows she can't convince me, giving me the strength to try any snap myself out of it. I whisper "I don't deserve anyone" sobbing harder than before. I don't know how long it lasted but I feel my body getting heavy and breathing calming I find myself falling asleep. 



knock knock⁴ I spring up in suprise, rubbing the sleep from my eyes. "Amelia, you missed dinner I was told to bring food up to you" Roman looking cautiously as he laid the food on the table. "Amelia are you okay? you've been crying" I nod gently "I'm just tired, I've been overwhelmed the last few days." almost begging not to continue the conversation. "Amelia I wasn't happy with the link you sent me, I have don't nothing of the sort and never would, it would be a betrayal of your trust even if I am glad you went to the Dr." "Well how else would the alpha find out about my exhaustion?" shrugging his shoulders clueless, "apparently they also have footage of me falling asleep in random places" "maybe thats how they knew you were so exhausted". "maybe but the dr thinks it could be my body trying to strengthen and prepare for my mate seen as I'm so small" frowning at my own words. "Let's get away from all this talk I'll warm your dinner and you can eat while I put the movie we are yet to finish back on and just enjoy eachothers company"



The last few days I've been trying to rest in between duties although they ensured I was on lighter duties to reduce the chances of depleting my energy. Still having no answers as what is actually going on, it's 4 days until my birthday, with no plans, no friends, nothing just me, myself and I. Roman also being caught up alot lately with training and so forth it's been lonely to say the least. 

Amelia could you come to my office please. Finally I might have some answers as to why I keep getting so exhausted although now I have realised it is only when I start thinking about Mr hottie from the bunker that night or me mating. Roman actually starting to stray from my thoughts, leaving me confused and insecure as to what I'm going to do about this situation. I sigh and head up to the office hopefully with some insight.

"Amelia come in and take a seat." Alpha being very formal, which already made me tense up. "The Dr has infact said your body is preparing for a mate which is good news, your body is just strengthening so you'll be glad to know you are perfectly healthy." "Thank you alpha" with a large grin sweeping across my face. "Your welcome, but I have made note that Roman has been skipping training, slacking when he does train and become quite disobedient towards his trainers. This I am informed is due to you, you know I do not tolerate distractions to my warriors they have their duty as do you, you are also aware I don't tolerate being deceived." "I havnt seen or spoke to him since the dinner Luna ordered him to bring to me" "your going to sit here and lie to my face now I have the evidence I don't need you to tell me what you have and haven't been doing"  Alpha Ryder's anger becoming apparent. "Currently you are worthless to thill pack and have never really belonged here, I have supported you, fed you, clothed you and this is the repayment I get. So now you are being thrown out of this pack to find yourself another life maybe someone else will take pitty on you I'm sure as hell not but someone may be fooled" the words piercing my ears, "I don't understand I've done nothing wrong" "enough, you have an hour to leave this pack and never look back."  I didn't do anything I have nowhere to go no one to turn to, im getting blamed for something I didn't do, I'm sure as hell I didn't do anything to deserve this, tears begin to fall as I exit the room.

Tears fell uncontrollably back at my room, come on Amelia you can get through this, you'll have a better life away from here. I pull, myself together and pack up my essentials, left the key on the coffee table left a note for Roman saying goodbye. I don't know what was driving me angry or despair I can't work out which but something was. I needed to get out of here but no where to go. Closing packhouse door behind me and head for the treeline. I look over at the pack in which I called home wiping away my final tears. Time to find a new life. 

"Come on Tara it's time to let go. I'm with you all the way."
###chapter 10 Fresh start
I head for the bunker where I would atleast find shelter until closing time, and I figured I'd be able to pick up extra shifts to keep money coming in now I'd have to pay for a place of my own. There is no way I'm going around other packs looking for refuge I'd rather live amongst humans than bare the humiliation and hurt from yet another rejection. 



I nod at the bouncers as the open the doors for me, that smell hitting my nose straight away sweat and alcohol seems pretty quiet, I head for the bar and take a seat on one of the stools on the far end. "What brings my little flower here tonight it isn't her shift and certainly doesn't look like she's ready to party" seeing his puzzled look. My eyes red and puffy and my nose all snuffly, "nothing really... just didn't know.... where else to go..." again sobbing hard he ushers me straight into the back room "whats the matter I never see you like this what happened?" he's human I can't exactly explain that much, "Nina get in here and make Amelia some tea" "It's fine I should have never come I can't put any of this on you" "nonsense dear look at you, you look like you havn't eaten a proper meal in a few days as for sleep, You look terrible what's happened?" "I don't have a home anymore my landlord threw me out I guess the others in the apartment didn't like me." crying to the point I can't catch my breath anymore. Tara radiating her warmth through me trying to comfort me and herself from recent events. "I had no where else to go I'm sorry"



"Amelia we are glad you came here, you can't walk the streets, or even worse sleep rough" "I'll book a motel room for tonight and figure it from there I guess" bowing my head in shame, aswell as hiding my tears once more. "You will no such thing flower, I have a solution for your problem, you take a few extra responsibilities and you can have the studio appartment upstairs it's all kitted out and ready to be lived in." I look at Mr and Mrs Powell in utter shock, I didn't even know they had an apartment. "yes Amelia we do have a place, it's yours if you want it" "but I don't have enough money to pay you, I can't accept your offer I'm sorry Mr Powell ." Mr Powell cocking his head aside puzzled at my reply "is it a can't or won't situation because no one mentioned money we wouldn't want your money even if you offered it" I lift my head from my chest to look at them Nina presses her hand on my cheek "you wouldn't need to worry about money at all it's already paid for with this place, it was apart of sale we just never used it ourselves so no you don't need money, stay as long as you need, we will support you no matter what life throws at us" I sob and pull her and Mr Powell into me not being to express my gratitude in words. " it's okay Amelia darling now thats sorted, let's get one thing clear no more formalities it's Rich and Nina to you am I clear?" I nod giving out a slight chuckle knowing he hated me being formal. 



After a short while of being here things started to look up I'd started to get into a routine, put a little weight on, Tara was far happier and content with the life I was living now. Tomorrow's my 18th birthday I knew I'd be celebrating with my new family, only making me happier, I curled up into my bed and fell asleep without trouble, they really gave me sense of belonging.

"Happy birthday 18th Amelia" Rich and Nina said in unison. "you look even more radiant today flower" I've been here four days now and I've loved every minute as if I've always lived here, this is what home felt like. Rich handed me a card and a large bag with a massive grin, "I hope you like them". "Guys you shouldn't have, I'm just happy to be with you." I stated. I open the card first thing I see is to our daughter on your birthday instantly making my heart melt Tara's too, reminding myself I'm the closest they have and treated as their own, I couldn't even put it all into words even if I tried, my eyes getting misty from the warm tears of love. I look into the bag and look at everything in complete awe, some jewelry, new sneakers, wireless earphones, an envelope with a bundle cash labelled for clothes. I didn't expect any of this, I just kept repeatingly saying thank you. "you are most welcome darling you deserve alot more just didn't know what else to get you". "We shall leave you get on my darling and catch you later" 



I finish cleaning up the club as apart of my new duties, it had to spotless as it was student night tonight so I knew my cleaning tomorrow would be hard on me but luckily Isabella is helping out in the morning. I head back to my room to have a bite to eat before getting ready for tonight, the thought of it being so busy already has me exhausted, perhaps I should just take a short nap before the chaos of tonight begins.
###chapter 11 Student night



After my short nap on the sofa, I busy myself in the kitchen making myself a southern fried chicken pasta salad, I fell in love with it the first time Nina made it for me and of course begged for her to tell me the recipe. As I finish up I notice a large box with a golden bow sitting on my bed, wondering how didn't I notice this before. *For our special girl on her special night love Rich & Nina x x x*. An ivory box with golden detailing it looked expensive and I hadn't even opened it yet. I gently tug at the bow unraveling the thick silk ribbon and brace myself for whats inside, it's a dress, shoes and a mask. The ivory shoes with some golden lace detailing medium height stiletto heels, gorgeous the mask matching them perfectly the mask tied back with golden silk ribbon. The dress just above the knee so soft and delicate, lace coming over the shoulders and and down the arms, coming down into a deep v over the chest area where silk would start to trace behind the lace perfectly, high side slit and to complete the dress some golden crystals placed carefully throughout the dress making it glistened under the light, it was perfect. I'd never seen a dress so magnificent in all my life, like it was made for me and only me my eyes fill up letting out a single tear over the thought they got me this in an act of love, but why would I need this dress? I feel a warm breath hit my shoulder, "do you like them?" Nina whispered gently. "like it? I love it, it's perfect, but why?" "It was made for you I designed them myself thinking I wanted to give you something no one else had, the reason being I'm not having my girl work on her special birthday you and isabella have the night off to enjoy you'll see soon, but for now I have to get my girl ready. You head for a shower I'll go grab some things I believe your jewellery will match also if you would like to place them out for me too" "Thank you"  is all I could manage before weeping on her shoulder unable to say anything else, words couldn't describe how I felt in this moment, Tara was also in awe. 



Nina finished off placing the final curls in my hair, the mixed blonde even more evident than ever the soft curls laying down my back and coming over my shoulders, looking in the mirror I'd never seen myself so beautiful, my make up done to compliment the dress with gold and nudes, making my eyes look even more golden than before, thoughts coming to mind of my day, Nina and Rich knew everything now, about being a werewolf, never having parents, thrown out of my pack, mating and everything else that entails of being a werewolf they weren't bothered nor scared they treated me as they did from day one, loved and belonging. Nina looked at me satisfied with her work. I could hear it getting busier downstairs. "it's almost time, we need to get you in your dress now."



I slid into my dress, it fit perfectly, it hugged my new found hourglass figure perfectly, how she got it so perfect I'll never be able to understand. She looked at me so proud like a mom would their daughter, Just on time Rich came in, "Come on girls your taking for..." not being able to finish his sentence, he just stared at me. "Amelia you look like a goddess, I guess you were right to get it designed Nina it looks phenomenal on her." nodding in approval. 
Rich placed my mask on for the finishing touch, "now your ready lets go have a drink isabella is waiting for you and getting inpatient at that" 



I walk into the club to see it had been transformed banners, balloons, decorations all round they had thrown a party for me, a masquerade party at that. I was beyond happy by now all they had done for me and this is the icing on the cake. There's a chocolate fountain, food, sculptures, everything decorated gold and ivory to match my dress mask and shoes. They seriously don't take enough credit for what they can do. How did they pull this off, however they did it. I felt like a million dollars either way. It's all for me and I love every detail Tara bouncing around my head in agreement. I wrap my arms around them again thanking them for the millionth time, I don't think I'll ever be able to thank them enough at this point for everything they have done.



Isabella sitting there waiting for me she's dressed in a sage green one shoulder wrap dress flowing to the floor she looked amazing the colours complimenting her eyes, her thick black hair in a perfectly placed messy bun with some loose curls poking out here and there she looked radiant tonight. We had been getting along so well over the last couple of days working together even hung out on nights off. "Oh goddess Amelia you look amazing, your glowing tonight here I got you a strawberry daiquiri to get started."



As the drinks kept flowing and the night drifting on between dancing, laughing and joking. She finds herself picking up a man who kept buying us drinks, I think she intends to go home with him, I say I think, she keeps saying she's got herself a hook up so that's her plans for me not so lucky, I find my mind wondering whether he would be here tonight, I sit at the bar with a pink gin, "so what's my girl sitting alone at the bar, looking deep in thought" " oh it's nothing Rich I can't thank you enough for all this you didn't have to" "No your right I didn't have to but I wanted to your very special to us, your like the daughter we never had so we'll continue to spoil you." I roll my eyes at him knowing full well I wasn't gonna argue with him "Hey excuse me, can I get a Morgan's and coke" it hit me, that voice that drink, it's him, then his scent sandalwood and jasmine invading my nostrels it smells divine.



I feel blood rushing through every part of my body, sparks igniting in every one of my nerve endings, his voice sending tembles through every inch of me, it's him he's here and he's my mate. Tara screaming through my head jumping around ecstatic "mate mate we found mate Amelia." I didn't need to look at him to know it's him. When I finally turn I see he's also wearing a mask but I could tell instantly by his blonde locks and his bluey silver eyes last time looked at him he seemed off unable to relax, tonight he looked radiant, beaming as if he'd finally caught his hunt, did he know can he feel it? "What would the beautiful girl next to me like?" he cocked his head aside playfully. Oh goddess this man is beyond perfection how did I not realise before my body pulsating eager to touch him, mate him and mark him he is mine. "I... I... I'll take a pink gin please." Rich looking at me smiling he has never seen me lost for words before or completely in awe over anyone but I couldn't take my eyes off this man.  "I feel it too just trying not to make a show here, my little wolf." he whispered in my ear making my body ache for him, the scent of my arousal probably filling the room by now. "you smell heavenly little wolf" I begin to start biting my lip at his words knowing full well what he was talking about. "Amelia me and Eric gonna head off I'll catch you tomorrow"  Isabella barged her way through past Mr hottie "okay be safe I'll see you at 12" waving her goodbye. 

"So my little wolf has a name, Amelia, It's perfect, its angelic" , "Yours?" "my apologies I am Lucas". "Well it's lovely to meet you Lucas" " you too My Amelia you too"
###chapter 12 Mother and Son bonding time
Its been four whole days since confronting Da about his set up, four whole days of waiting to hear something from the Dr and four whole days of waves of exhaustion. The tip of the iceberg being Jackson is still being an ass. My patience with things are wearing thin. Mateo has done a good job of keeping me distracted with plans for the pack when I take over and Nathan and Evan doing some extra training with me. She's still in and out if my mind, I'm sure it's gotta be a bond of some kind, I'm in and out of exhaustion everytime I think of her there are other times as well but not as often. Ma wants some time with me today seen as Da is heading away from the pack until tomorrow, I can't wait I've missed our time together, she's in a league of her own, I hope my Luna is going to be just as amazing as her. 

"Mateo keep an eye on things around here seen as Da isn't here I'm in charge but I'm spending a few hours with Ma, cheer her up a bit, if there's anything just drop me a link bro. Of course, bro I got this you go see that wonderful Ma of yours give her a hug from me." Mateo always had my back and knew what Ma meant to me so was always so helpful when it came to her, I think secretly he'd love to have her as his mother too, Mateo's parents aren't really bothered by anything he does to be fair, they don't dislike each other as a family just not as well bonded as others. It didn't seem to bother Mateo much I just think sometimes he gets jealous of my mothers and my bond. 

I head to the kitchen in my parents' house to find Ma "So Ma how are you today? You look much better than you did the other day" it makes me so much happier to see her more lively. "Oh I am darling thank you for noticing, you still look as exhausted as you did" "aww Ma don't you worry about me I'll fine" she's looking at me concerned. "you can't keep all this up you know that. You and Jackson sorted your tiff out?" asking cautiously "Na, it will work out somehow just need some time." wondering if it ever will, a lot has happened between us in the past but he's never ever let something so stupid come between us. "your father is right in that respect you know, he has no respect for your authority or you. You can't count on him Lucas he's trouble and you know it" letting out a deep sigh I know but I don't know how to handle everything he still felt like a brother to me. Damon growling because he agrees with my mother and father on this one. "I know in some ways but he's my brother" "Lucas I know you and I know you will make the right decisions for you in your own time." placing a coffee in front of me. 

Eating away on our lunch having a chit chat about this and that, Ma asks "Lucas are you going to the masquerade party in the bunker on Friday night? your not exactly talking to your father he can't tell you no can he" She giggled as her own suggestion. "I am thinking about it but I would need to go shopping for a suit and mask as I can't just go in any old suit now can I" suggesting to my mother we go shopping in the slightest hint. "Are you hinting my boy? you know you don't need to hint, I'd love to join you and help you pick out the perfect suit with you." thank goddess, she has a better fashion sense and it also means I get more time with her. "Heading to the mall with Ma shouldn't be too long, hope everything is OK bro." Letting Mateo know I wouldn't be at my parents if he came looking for me, "No problem, if it's for the party can you see if you can get me a charcoal mask to go with my charcoal suit. You're not going with navy then? Na can't seem to get it to look how I'd want it to with a mask. no worries. catch you later."

We arrive at the tailors to find me a suit, as soon as we walk in, "Ava, how lovely it is to see you, how can we help you today? "My son is looking for a unique suit for a masquerade party" "Silver if you can" I muttered "Of course I have 3 pieces that may be of interest" "This one here is a two piece set if you want a shirt you'd have to get one separately, and there's no waist coat because of the way the suit is designed it's on the larger side for a slouchy fit." "definitely not" my mother instantly answered. "the second one here is a 3 piece not so much of slouchy fit more tailored fit, so a waist coat is included in this and just adds a little something to the suit" " that's a maybe, son have you thought of a colour tie or bow and whatever it is your going to be wearing." "gold" I said sharply. "I have the perfect combination for you, it's abit of a mix match in designers but it comes together wonderfully, but it is only a hire suit so here we have a slim fit suit in medium/light grey, I've taken a gold double breasted waist coat with a subtle paisley design from the exclusive range, paired with the matching gold tie and pocket square.""son could you try it on please?" I head to the changing room and put the suit on, it feels very light and airy which is a breath of fresh air I hate suits, gave me a snug if so it showed my structure and build well and most importantly it was a mixture of both of us. Silver and Gold. I exit the dressing room ""That looks impeccable on you sir if I do say so myself" "I'll take it" "How long would you need to hire for?" "that won't matter, I'm not hiring I'm buying. I'll take it whatever the price it's perfect just what I was looking for" "But sir" "name your price I'll pay it, I want this suit" my mother completely lost for words, she's never seen me so quickly to react, she knew there was more to it. "Son whoever she is, I can imagine her face seeing you in this, you look outstanding." 

After paying the hefty bill at the tailors seen as it was supposed to be an exclusivly hire only suit,  I needed a mask for me and Mateo, he wants something to go with his charcoal suit which would be easy. I'll get him an dark grey mask with some tribal or embossed pattern on. Mine was a little more complicated, I needed a gold and silver piece with fine details on it, I'd know when I see it. We get into the fancy dress shop as I call it, Ma always hated me calling it that, but its basically what is was. I picked Mateo's out pretty easily he's gonna be happy, it's a half face covering mask abit like phantom mask with fine silver patterns by the eye. The lady came over can I help you with something almost throwing herself me. "yes actually I need a silver and gold mask for a masquerade." of course she's blushing after saying a few words, it gets annoying "These are the only two we have." One of them just looks like some make shift mask with abit of paint. The other is a silver mask, with fine gold detailing with a silver silk ribbon to tie the mask on, the edges cut to perfection each detail looks handcrafted it honestly is a work of art itself. "This one please" "I'll pay for this one dear, consider it good luck with your girl" "I have the money Ma" "I know, it's a gift from me" 
"Lucas sorry I've taken to long to get back to you but I think I have some information for you, swing by the office later on around 6 ok for you?"  "Thank you Dr. Preston I'll be there. it's Mark and coffee will be waiting. 
"Right, Ma let's get you back now your starting to look tired" Looking at Ma worried, "yeh I think the meds are a little late, it's okay though I've had a wonderful time with you today my boy, thank you for asking me out. she's lucky to have you sweet boy."

I get Ma back, give her, her meds and let her go off for a nap, "Ma I'll send someone over with your food later on" "ok thank you dear" "Just get some rest for now I'll try and call later on but I'll see how much time I get I love you Ma"  "Love you too my boy"
###chapter 13 Unconventional bonding
I head back to the packhouse to see Mateo is in the living room. "Hey how's things?, any trouble while I been gone?" "Na all good here" "I have something to discuss with you it's kinda important can we slip to my Da's office" "yeh sure thing" looking at me nervously. we sit on the sofa in the office and I let out a deep sigh "okay let it out whats up?" "Jackson" "What about him?" "I no longer feel he is up to being my gamma, he's becoming more and more unstable and irrational with me, with recent events it's making me see him in a different light" Mateo let out a sigh of relief "Finally coming to your senses huh?" "What you mean finally?" looking puzzled "Me and Nathan have seen changes in him over the last year, we have tolerated him but we have been waiting for you to realise, he shows you no respect nor does he understand his role is to protect you" "I know it's taken me a while, he's my brother as are you and Nathan, I just don't know how this is going to play out, this is a big leap for me and could place me, my family and the pack in danger if this isn't addressed correctly. He's reckless." Damon letting out a growl as I think about it. "Can't your father banish him for his disrespect for you?" "He could but that also means he will want something in return"  running my fist through my hair in defeat. why does everything have to be so damn complicated. "We'll work it out somehow, even if it isn't pretty will Nathan be promoted to Gamma then?" placing a hand on my shoulder in reassurance, I nod answering his previous question. I am acting Alpha at present but I can't make these rash decisions without Da's approval, unless I ask Ma who will do it I know but how is Da going to react without me informing him trying to think of every scenario through my head, oh crap Dr Preston comes to mind. "Mateo I have to leave the packhouse again shortly I'm sure you have things under control I should only be gone half hour or so" "Of course but why?" pressing me for information "pack Dr doing some research for me about my exhaustion nothing concerning keep this between us for now though" "no worries bro your secret is safe with me as long you keep me informed of anything that may put you or this pack at risk."  I nod and head off to get ready to see Preston.

"Lucas how nice to see you again coffee is on the table as usual." " Thank you Mark" staying eagerly to get some news on what's happening. "so how have you been the last few days?" "no worse but no better, although my tension has been abit more relieved." "Good, you'll be happy to know your blood work was perfectly fine, I did manage to do some research and well..." "I'm glad my blood work is okay but what is it you look concerned or confused or both" "I've managed to dig out a few things it is a mating bond your feeling, it will develop and build up until you are both ready to commit, the reason this bond is different to what we would normally experience is due to your mate being a desert wolf" "desert wolf?" "indeed, there are only legends written of them, some things are controversial to others I have read so it's difficult to know anything really, they have the ability to do everything as we do, some have special abilities from what I have read. Unlike us they rely on the Sun for their strength not the Moon, some say we are ment to be enemies. but overall they all suggest that the two are a perfect balance like a Yin to a Yang."  I sit here in complete shock not knowing there was another type of wolf, not only that I have a mate bond. "Surely we would have known of another type of wolf living around here, I thought so too but apparently they are more or less an extinct race from what I have read but I have no idea what this means or the capabilities they may have, or if they even mean us harm. But over all if there was anyone capable of taking them as no enemy it's you, and most of all congratulations on finding your mate, I hope you can work things out and be with your fated, follow your heart not your head your heart will break easily but your head won't."  Damon now prancing around like an absolute fool. "Mate mate mate we found mate." 

He was right our developing bond is giving us our mate, all we have to do is accept to feel complete. I know who she is, now it's time to show her just how perfect she is. She's "MINE."







###chapter 14 Whats going on?
I've been pumped since finding out I have a mate, desert wolf or not she's "MINE." Damon has been fighting me to just go mate at every moment we have free. The masquerade party at the bunker hopefully she'll be working and I'll be able to reveal all then until then Damon would have to wait. I need to work out how I'm going to play this, I'm not intending to push her too fast. The exhaustion starting to subside a little now I've accepted my mate, just like Mark said it would we just need to mate to get over that hurdle, he's uncertain of what the future may hold and what kind of obstacles will stand in the way, but everything we do it more or less the same, mate, mark, ceremony just our power comes from different sources and we have different goddesses. This is going to be an exciting rollercoaster. I'll do whatever it takes for her to be by my side. Fuck everyone else she's my true Luna. 

Yesterday had been a whirlwind with Da coming back, updating him and so forth, plus my excitement of telling Mateo and Nathan of my mating bond which of course they were both over the moon but obviously I had to keep it between us three at the moment because we didn't know what the hell was going to happen between us or even if she would accept me all these thoughts going through my head as I sat at eating breakfast with Mateo, Nathan and Jackson decided to join this morning even if he didn't say a word to me or even try to look at me, I could feel the tension thickening the air. Jackson had been slowly easing himself back but avoiding me at all costs, he attends training and has some banter with Nathan because he's just too laid back to even have a confrontation, Mateo just gives out a blunt vibe with him and avoids personal talk because Mateo is extremely stubborn and hates the way he acts with me so Mateo heads to the kitchen to grab us both a cuppa, as he arrives back, looking extremely pale may I add I get a link "Luc we need to talk later, just me and you ok, it's important. No problem my room after training." Ok, somethings up Mateo never holds anything back, seeing as Da is back from his trip now it's back to using my room as an office again. I've been popping in and out on Ma she looks a little brighter, but I know she's holding back something I just need to figure out what. 

At the training grounds, I find myself in thought, thoughts of her, her golden eyes so soft and gentle, looking into mine while we make sweet sweet love, I can just imagine the feel of her plump lips resting on mine sparks fluttering through my body, my hands traveling over her naked body, I feel a thud to my hip I hit the ground, I look to see Nathan laughing "shouldn't be so distracted this is no place for your thoughts" sending a wink "you only did that because you know if I wasn't in thought you wouldn't have stood a chance" the rest of training went well I can feel myself getting faster, stronger and far more efficient, even some new tactics coming along. Evan blows the whistle to indicate training is over,  Mateo running over to me "Shower then your room I'll probably be around 30 minutes" I nod in agreement.

I'm sat on the sofa flicking through the channels trying to see if there's anything decent to watch with no luck on that front, Mateo jumps on the sofa without me even realising he'd come in. "So bro what's up? you've been acting weird all day this isn't just a chit chat so spit it out." I call out sturnly "It's Jackson, I think he wants your title" I feel the colour drain from my face "You what?" "I overheard two omegas training to be warriors talking about Jackson fighting for the alpha title" the little prick, all over a frigging fling and he wants my title because he didn't get his way, I knew he was big-headed at times and loved the respect he got and sometimes expected more but seriously. "who does he think he is I'm gonna..." Mateo butt's in before I can finish " You can't just got throwing your weight around it isn't going to be that simple we have to think strategically here" "You're right, work out his plan, and use it against him" "now your thinking like an alpha, but I don't think it's a good idea telling Nathan just yet, you know how he can lose his head as calm as he is but when it comes to life threatening,  it's a different story you should know that" "I also can't keep things from him it's brotherly code we're talking about here" "what you gonna do then Luc" "tell him and hope he keeps his head together but I can't keep it from him" Mateo nods with a slightly concerned face. "so plans?" "you try and uncover what you can about his intentions and if he is actually trying to plot against me and as for me..." "as for you, you will focus on your mate for now until I need you to take action I will keep you updated right now though I gotta get going but catch you inabit,"

"Guys movie and a few beers at mine tonight." sending a link to Nathan and Mateo it's a good excuse to have time to tell Nathan what's going on without him getting suspicious in the meantime. "Cool you need me to bring anything?"  Nathan replied almost instantly. "No just yourself. mateo you in?. Yeah I'm in thought that would have been clear." 

I open a beer and search for a movie, jarhead, seems like a good shout war, action and teaming up, Mateo and Nathan walk in I toss them both a beer, and let them know I've already chosen a film, I head for the kitchen to grab 2 bowls one with toffee popcorn and the other is full of potato chips. Finally, I turn towards Nathan and say "Look bud tonight isn't just about us bonding I also have something to share with you. I need you to keep calm and keep your shit together got it" he nods nervously waiting for me to spill, "Jackson has intentions to take over the alpha title, we don't know his full intentions but what we do know is he wants me out the picture." "the ass that he is he will stand no chance I'm gonna go over there..." "you will not do anything yet we don't know what he has planned already we just need to be prepared to use his plans against him." "Methodical I actually kinda like it." " Mateo you find anything further?" "Actually alpha one of the omegas from this morning approached me about Jackson's intentions and how he would inform me of anything I needed to know, he's trying to start a rebellion for when you take the title so he can give himself enough time to get people on board and figure out how he's going to do it all" "thank you let's keep this one at arm's length though it could be part of a plan or trap he could be feeding false information" Nathan and Mateo nod in unison. We finish up the beers and film and it's time to call it a night. 

###chapter15 The unforgettable party
I lay in bed tossing and turning unable to sleep, not only have I got a battle with Da on my hands but also this shit with Jackson now I let out a sigh, am I ever gonna catch a break around here. The only thing keeping my sanity right now is my little mate waiting for me. Tomorrow is the day I get to reveal all to her give myself to her completely, Everything on her terms of course how fast or slow she wanted to take things I wasn't sure how quickly desert wolves moved but I knew one thing I'd do anything for her. Sweet thoughts invading my mind how her sweet arousal must taste, how her body would fit perfectly on mine, the electricity between us giving my every nerve ending the pleasure it desperately needed. I feel my member growing hard per at my own thoughts, I wanted her begging and screaming for me, I wanted her exploding her juices around me, I wanted every inch of her, she is mine and I'm never going to give up on her. 

I feel the sun beaming between the slightly open cracks in my curtains, today's the day, I am full of energy today even if I didn't get much sleeping last night, I can't help but be over joyed, I rush around breakfast, training, finished up all my other pack duties, I even had time to let Damon out for a run. I tried to keep busy all day just to keep my mind settled, I'm going to see my mate tonight. 

"Taxi be outside at 8 and Lucas good luck, not that I think you'll need it." 

I potter around trying to clean my room up before heading into the shower, my tension washing away with it, exhaustion washing over me as I think of her once more, the goddess she is. I finish washing myself off and rinse out my hair. Tonight needs to go perfectly or I'm gonna lose my last inch of sanity. I put some serum in and blow dry my hair so that my blonde locks sit perfectly, leaving my shadow stubble just the way I like it. I head to the wardrobe and place my suit carefully not to mark, crease or make any kind of pulls I needed it perfect. "Great choice of mask bro perfect match for my suit, cheers let me know how much I owe you for it. don't mention it I knew you'd love it, consider it a gift." I look at myself over I look good, for a change I feel myself in a suit. I head into my living room where I find my mother sitting waiting for me. "oh Lucas you look perfect" she heads over trying to fuss over me straightening up a few things she finds out of place. "Ma it's a party" "this isn't just any party for you Lucas don't play dull with me, it's your special night" I cock my head aside, does she know or am I just over thinking this, "Lucas you've had a high amount of energy over the last couple of days, I find your in thought alot, your bigger and probably stronger and faster and the tip of the iceberg for me is your aura is changing which can only mean one thing my dear, she's going to be one lucky girl" "does Da know?" "no your secret is safe with me but I do suggest you tell him soon or it will hurt him that you're keeping something from him, you'll just have to give him some time to adjust and I'll work on him from my end but do want the details when you get a chance now run along or the boys be cursing me for making you late" "I love you Ma" "I love you too little wolf" 

I'd spent most my evening just keeping my distance from her, I could tell it was her from the moment I spotted her, no one in the world has golden eyes as bright as hers, she looked more phenomenal than she did before, she is a gift from the goddess herself, her dress complimented her in every way, how did I get so deserving of the beauty before me. I notice she's sat at the bar alone now the female and male that were with her have disappeared, I notice a male talking to her over the bar perhaps he's a coworker, I walk towards her I get a full blast of her scent invading my senses, chamomile and lavender, calming yet sensual she's gonna be the death of me I'm sure of it, here goes nothing.


"Hey excuse me can I get a Morgan's and coke please" I could see her body tense up at my voice she remembered me, but was that a good thing, she didn't even need to turn around to know it's me, I can see some of her hairs standing on end, when she finally turns to look at me, I can't help but stare into those golden eyes, they are so full of love and passion, almost like an Amber flame igniting, can almost feel her body trembling she knew and she felt it, Damon over the moon with us finally meeting her as our mate. I have to control myself,  "What would the beautiful girl next to me like?" cocking my head aside playfully. I can smell her arousal plain, her body wants me, she wants me "I... I... I'll take a pink gin please." I giggle at her trying to string words out of her mouth, I did get her off guard, the man behind the bar also laughing at her as if he'd never seen her like this. "I feel it too just trying not to make a show here, my little wolf." I whispered in her ear making my body ache for her with her body in such close proximity the sent of her arousal really not helping matters as member is growing in my pants. "you smell heavenly little wolf" letting out a growl of approval sending her into a trembling mess infront of me, I place my hand on her leg hoping to calm her a little, in which it was until the girl from earlier barged between us "Amelia, me and Eric gonna head off I'll catch you tomorrow" "okay be safe I'll see you at 12," still trying to keep content "So my little wolf has a name, Amelia, It's perfect, it's angelic" my heart pounding in my chest "yours?" she asked "my apologies I am Lucas". "Well it's lovely to meet you Lucas" " you too My Amelia you too" and how lovely it was, I was finally with her and she hadn't shoved me away nor was she scared these are good signs. 

We spend a while chatting and having a drink, not much was said on her behalf it's as if she's hiding something. Maybe she just isn't ready I need to be patient with her, I haven't been as forth coming either not letting her know I'm a future alpha I didn't want to ruin this at any cost. Best thing I found out is the man behind the bar and his wife did this for her, it's her birthday, I'd have to make up for it tomorrow "So what's happening at 12 tomorrow, I was hoping you'd agree to a date seen as this isn't the best way to do so" "I have to clean this place, but I should be clear after that so say around 4" "that would be perfect, please don't eat I'll have food organised" "what do you have planned then Lucas?" "you'll see little wolf, can't ruin the surprise now can I" 

Mateo comes over, "Luc the Taxi be here in 20 mins or so, oh my goddess is this her" sending her cheeks bright red "Yes bro" "Hello I'm Mateo you can call me Matt, I see Luc here hasn't mentioned me by the look on your face so I thought I'd introduce myself, and him over there, that's Nathan, were best mates here so you need anything let us know," "It's a pleasure to meet you Mateo my name is Amelia, thank you for your introduction, I think it's slipped Luc's mind" "probably did he's been so focused on you he hasn't been able to do anything right recently, I'm glad he has finally found you and I do wish you both the very best but don't leave me out of this, I'm here too" we all giggled. "Where should I pick you up?" "Outside here at 4 will be fine, I live upstairs so it's quick and easy for both of us." "no worries until tomorrow, little wolf" I wanted to go in for a full blown kiss instead I refrained myself and give her a peck on the cheek not wanting a full show seen as I didn't know if I'd be able to control myself much longer. 

Morning came after the most amazing sleep, the best I've had in a long time, I didn't feel as exhausted as I had maybe because we had both accepted each other either way I was on cloud 9. Lots to do today in preparation for our date it had to be perfect. I skip going down for breakfast and just settle for wheat bricks I had in the cupboard, "Guys I'm gonna need some help today. Meet me at the tree line by pack grounds at 11. Does this have something to do with your date? if not then no I'm chillin. of course it does why else would I ask you to do anything on a Saturday. I'm in." They linked back in unison. 

"So what's your plan, you bringing her into the pack grounds?" "Yes, I am and yes I know the risk" " Okay so hit us" "Right glad your on board I was a bit nervous, there a Gazebo directly north of here I've renovated, I've managed to carve a sun and moon into it so you'll know what I'm on about straight away, I have a bag here filled with lights and decorations for you to decorate the place I want a soft romantic feel. I have to head to town to pick her a few bits to complete the evening" "your gonna do a romantic picnic at evening" "it gets chilly you know" Nathan muttered "I am aware I will have a blanket for us plus gives me an extra excuse to get close to her, you can see the moon and stars perfectly from there, plus it's quiet no one knows of it bar us three now" expressing the joy filling me. "You got it bad" "you will understand one day, when you find your mate trust me there is no better feeling matt" "does she know your father doesn't agree with you having a fated mate?" Nathan questioned, I bow my head and whisper "no that's on the agenda for tonight I will reveal all and see what she wants from there" his question making me unsure of what to expect but I had to try, I love her more than she knows it's the least I can do is let her decide her future even if it breaks me. 
###chapter 16 The morning after
I am on cloud 9 today, it's my very first date, excited doesn't even begin to describe how I feel, even made myself an omelette for breakfast. I was ready to take on the world today. Rich and Nina popped by this morning to congratulate me on finding my mate. Everything I'd heard about a mate bond doesn't come close to how I feel right now, I just hated I can't be with him 24/7 I suppose we both have things to get on with feeling myself sigh. Lucas, such a sexy name, a learnt a little about him last night, he likes to cook, he trains alot, he is still a virgin all aspects never kissed and never been intimate and to top it off he loves his mother a whole lot meaning she's raised him well and he's a complete gentleman he didn't say it but he explained we would go at my pace and everything is on my terms he clearly gives alot of respect for women, his mother raised a Saint, I'll have to thank her for that. 

Isabella turns up, looking rougher than I've ever seen her. "What happened to you?"  "Eric and I ended up at a house party last night, we didn't stop until 5am, I guess it's taken it's toll on me, I'm not used to this partying until morning." I laughed at her while she slumped over the table "here drink this" giving her a coffee, she nodded. "you look so full of life today, plus you are glowing, am I missing something?" "I just have a date tonight thats all really" I had to be carefull around Isabella she's human, she's also been an amazing friend but I don't think she's ready for the whole wolf thing yet. "Amelia on a date? you never show interest in anyone, who is it? he or she? omg details Amelia?" pressing me for information seeing the excitement in her face. "It's a he, his name is Lucas, he's drop dead gorgeous and a complete gentleman" "Hate to say it Li those the ones you gotta watch, they act all perfect one minute and shit on you the next" I couldn't tell her that would be pretty much impossible unless he was gonna risk his own life. "I'll be careful I promise but now we have a club to clean up." 

I couldn't sleep properly last night with all the excitement so I did some clearing up before bed. so all we really had to do was wipe everything down, hoover and mop, oh and the dreaded toilets. "I'm not doing the toilets I'll make more of a mess spewing everywhere" Bella insisted. "Ok, your turn next time" I head for the toilets and put my earphones in dancing around while I clean and mop the toilets, they always take so long but I'd done it in half the time it normally takes. At this rate I'll be able to get some gymnastics in before my date. I walk back into the main of the club and find Isabella asleep in one of booths. I'll just leave her there and carry on, I seem to be pressing on quick today, as I finish up I wake Bella up and send her on her way "You get some rest I'll see you Monday for work, take some aspirin and head to bed you need your rest." 

I head up to my apartment and grab an apple to just give me a little more time before starving myself. I throw on my leotard and head down to the club pull out my gym mats and small equipment from the storage cupboard, I do a little warm up and try to complete my floor routine and perfect it, I seemed to be flawless at the moment and I so wanted to compete and Tara agreed I should I was getting better each time I practiced I just couldn't get a sponsorship nor did I have enough money to pay for classes in the town they were so expensive. I'm just glad I could still perform in my own presence. I finish up and put everything away time to hit the shower and go get myself ready I have an hour to sort myself out. 

###chapter 17 My first date
I stand outside nervously waiting for my Mr hottie to turn up. I can't wait to see him even if I'm a ball of nerves, my first date. A black range rover pulls up on the sidewalk, I see it's Lucas getting out, how the hell did he get this car I'm in complete awe he never told me he was from money. He walks towards me, "are you ready Amelia? our evening awaits, placing his hand on the small of my lower back giving me a peck on the cheek. "You look beautiful my darling" I blush at his words "thank you, you look as gorgeous as ever yourself" I manage to string together, while he gives me a large smile showing me his pearly white teeth, almost blinding clearly showing how well they're taken care of. He helps me into the ranger and closes the door behind me and rushes to his side. A true gentleman as always, "So where are we heading? firstly there's somewhere I need to go and you are coming with me. I thought it would be a nice start to the evening, may I remind you I do some charity work" I completely forgot he does charity work, he wants me to help out? he's so thoughtful. "This is it. It's an orphanage, I come here every Saturday and drop some things off for the children, play with them a little while sometimes read a story and give them cash to keep them afloat every week." "I guess I'm helping out this week?" questioning him "thats only if you want to" "of course I'd love to" hes so generous where did I get so lucky, he's perfect.  leaps out coming to my side to help me out, I'm a little short for this but I think he loves the fact he has to help me he's grinned at helping me maybe it's an excuse to get close to me. I think I love him already and I barely know him. 

We enter the orphanage where the children come darting at Luc, jumping all over him, I just look in awe, he's loving every minute of it, he's gonna make such an amazing father to our pups I take deep breath at my own thoughts was I actually thinking that, I've only met three times, this being the third. Amelia you are falling hard. One of the workers come over to me "Welcome Amelia, Luc said he was bringing you but wasn't sure if you would be up to it he's the reason we are still here or well I guess we wouldn't exist " "how long has been involved here?" "he's probably been coming back and fore since he was a teen always giving up things he no longer needed, as he grew older he ploughed more and more into this place now all these children get a chance at life, they go to school, they are all well fed and always get what they need and beyond because of him, he's our saviour" "I wish I had this growing up" "I'm sorry to hear that were you an" I nodded she could see the emotion in my face "he doesn't know yet, I'll tell him in my own time I'm just not ready" "It's okay he won't judge I know that much he's an angel, your lucky to have him" after a few hours here we say our goodbyes, I've loved every minute being here, he really does care for these children. He's the whole package I wasn't gonna let go no matter what, I think it would kill me even if I tried. 

"On to part two then my darling, you enjoying so far?" placing his hand in mine, "I'm loving every minute of it, thank you, but what do you mean part two?" "you didn't think I would just take you home after that did you, we haven't eaten yet"
"I guess I thought that was it for today" "why did you want to go back I mean I didn't really explain or think of how you'd be" he said rather upset with himself "no it's fine I just didn't expect you to do so much for me" "I'd give you the world and more if it were possible, your everything I've been waiting, your beyond perfection and I just want to treat you like it" "thank you Lucas" "Anything for my little wolf". I notice his eyes get slightly misty he must be linking someone.

He drives on up a single track and he stops the truck. "we either walk, run or you can ride my wolf from here I'll leave that for you to decide" I stand there nervously wondering what to do I'd love to see his wolf and I bet he wants to see Tara too. Okay here goes "Tara want to meet your mate? yes, let me out I want to meet a mate." *"shift and run? Tara wants to meet her mate" "Damon is ecstatic with your answer" " I'll hold up a blanket while you undress and shift don't worry, heres a bag for your clothes just tie them to your ankle you'll need clothes the other end" I quickly undress and put my clothes into the bag he'd given me he seriously thought of everything, tied it on my ankle and quickly shifted. I could see Lucas staring at Tara asking her "May I" reaching his hand out to her snout and running his hands through her fur, with that Tara letting a little grunt of approval she's so content with him around. She starts bouncing around in excitement waiting to meet Damon. Lucas strips off as I did except no care for being naked in front of me, I look in amazment, his muscles defined, he looked like he was in outstanding shape, probably bigger than Alpha Ryder does that mean I'm mated to an alpha? oh crap not once did this cross my mind, not at it mattered at this point, I loved him, ever inch of perfection that he is and he's Mine. He quickly shifts into Damon, his wolf is pure white with silver shimmer with ice blue and silver eyes that match Lucas, he's massive like double my size massive Damon bows his head to Tara as a mark of respect and signals to follow him. They run around, hunt and play for a short while. Damon is fast and powerful while Tara has agility and technique they make the perfect power couple. 

We start getting close to a clearing, Damon tugs the bag from my ankle gently and drops it by a large tree signaling me to shift and change here. Tara bows her head then walks to Damon and nuzzles into him once more before allowing me to take back control. As I start to dress, I realise this date is beyond perfect so far he's thought of everything even our wolves have had their part and Tara loved every second of it. I walk from behind the tree straightening myself out, I notice Lucas already waiting for me, he reached out his and for mind and let our fingers intertwine together, my hands fitted perfectly into his, I could feel the sparks setting off in my nerve endings again, I'll never get sick of this feeling I hope this lasts for eternity, this has to be the best thought out date ever, but apparently it's not over? There isn't anything that could compare to this.
###chapter 18 Choices
Hand in hand, walking tonwards a small clearing, I notice some small twinkling as we approach close I notice a little path all lit up with tealights in jars and petals dropped perfectly along the ground, I look to where the path leads and I see a gently lit gazebo the same and petals dropped on the ground there lay a blanket and a basket. Could this man get any more perfect "You did this for me?" looking in amazement and disbelief why would anyone do this for plain me. "I hope you like it, although I can't take all the credit I did get a little help" "like it? I love it, Lucas this has to be the best thing anyone has ever done for me" "I came across this gazebo a short time ago and thought it would be perfect for my mate, and what better time than for our first date, I even refined it up a little, I originally carved a moon on it's own but when I learnt you were a desert wolf I carved out a sun for you" confusion hitting me, Im a what I've never even hears this and most of all he knows things I dont making me a little nervous.  "you are very thoughtful thank you but can we hold on and trace back a little I'm a what now?" "your a desert wolf aren't you?" am I?quizzing myself "I'm a wolf I know that much but desert wolf? I've never heard of them" "when I first met you I felt something and everytime you came to mind, even inbetween I'd feel exhausted, drained and just wanted to sleep, I went to my pack Dr and he did some research to which he found we had a developing bond which was only connected with a desert wolf, I'm sorry I thought you'd be able to give me insight I thought you knew" he bowed his head in shame and despair, while I'm left questioning everything I thought I knew about myself.  "Lucas this isn't your fault, I had no idea, I was feeling that way too, I thought I was just tired until I put 2 and 2 together and worked out it had to be some form of bond but" here goes I gotta reveal somethings I thought I'd have some time to wait for "my old packs Dr said I was perfectly fine, it was my body getting prepared for mating, as I was so small and weak compared to everyone else in the pack I know very little about myself or my past I'm sorry I can't be of much help I've always been a simple wolf with no hope of a future, I've always been treated as worthless, I'm sorry I just can't give you answers of what I don't know, perhaps you should find someone more worthy" His head has lifted sometime into my speech and he listened attentively, I could see his stare burning me, as my eyes started filling as a single tear fell he grabbed me into his embrace, I started to sob, "shh shh shh, it's okay, I'm sorry I didn't mean to make you cry, I didn't know, I'll be by your side whatever you chose, I love you Amelia and I'm not about to let you go now, we'll get through this together if you will let me" I just laid in his chest his words and his warmth, and the connection from our mate bond calming me down, he said he loves me, he wasnt letting me go he wants all of me, my heart just melted, "I love you too Lucas" I whispered he squeezed a little tighter. We just sat there with him holding me "Amelia darling our food is here we must eat" I agree, and he gives me some pasta, fruits and all sorts while he munches away himself, I can't believe I almost ruined a perfect night sighed at my own actions.

"Amelia I have a few things of my own I need to reveal so you can make an informed decision as to how you feel about me" I nodded looking extremely nervous now "You know I'm from the Silver Stone pack, well my father is the Alpha meaning I'm the next Alpha in line, that would make you a future Luna, Only we have a few obstacles in our way, now you must know I will happily give up my title to be with you. My father doesn't believe I should have my true mate, but has a chosen mate lined up for me, which is Haisley from the Black shadow pack" Fear soaring through me realising that this could all go horribly wrong, I take a big gulp not knowing where I stand in all this. This is going to cause a whole lot of trouble,He glares at me trying to work out my thoughts and gently pushes "was this your old pack?" I nod without answering "I thought as much, now you informed me your old pack, why aren't you there now? rogue?" I nod again ashamed, "it's okay you don't need to be so nervous I will protect you even if it costs me my life no one will bring you harm" "what if they blame me for all this" "that was going to be apart of my next question, why were you made rogue?" "I'm not sure they blamed me for one of the warriors distractions and disappearances because he was my only friend I got the blame." "My father won't happy with me having my true mate I will warn you on that he's an ass, my mother on the other hand will love you, every inch of you, I know that for sure" "So how are we going to make this work it could bring war between the two packs and people will get hurt because of us" "if I can help it that won't happen I've already rejected Haisley as my chosen before I even knew about you and I have been rejecting for the last 6 months so that shouldn't be an issue, it's your old pack that may cause problems, with you being made rogue it could prove difficult for my dad to accept you but we will worry about that when we get to it, he may become on board but that I'm unable to answer for sure right now but I will be informing him of you tomorrow and work out the rogue business, If we cant come to an agreement I will choose you everytime either way, I don't want to stay away from you longer than I have to Amelia it hurts to be away from you" was there any doubt as to what I would choose this man is perfection andwilling to throw everything for plain old me, how could I not choose him just because we have a few hurdles it doesn't mean we wouldn't get through them, if we're together that's all that matters, I couldn't agree more it does hurt to be away from him "It hurts me too Lucas, I choose you, all of you, I can't be away from you, I love you"
###chapter 19 One and Only
Hearing her words just kept ringing in my ears, I've never felt so alive, she's chosen me and she loves me. I wasnt going to question everything on her past tonight so we managed to push everything aside for the rest of the night, just enjoyed eachother company. "It's starting to get chilly do you want a blanket?" She nodded shyly, then snuggled into me , while looking up at the stars, just holding Amelia made everything fade away my troubles, my insecurities, the whole world faded. 

She laid upon me just watching the night sky, running her fingers up and down my arm, I'm trying to work out if I should kiss her, if so whens the right time I've never done this before feeling my inexperience giving me a sick feeling but I need to feel her lips on mine, plus it would be a first for both of us I want it to be perfect. I almost forgot I got her a necklace of a wolf with gems for eyes one ice blue the other golden, to match our eyes, all specially made but our jeweler. "Amelia my final surprise for you" holding out the box in my hand "I got you a little gift. I hope you like it" She opens it up and I can see her face is surprised, but I can't tell if she's happy or she hates it. "Lucas this is beautiful but you didn't have to you've already done so much for me" "you're my mate I will do nothing but the best for you beautiful" "here can you put it on for me" I place it on gently brushing her soft skin. I notice her eyes twinkle and the hairs on the back of her neck stand on end at my touch, I'll never get tired of this, she'll be treated like the goddess she is. She turns to lean on her hip and whispers "thank you" I lean down to and place my lips on hers, her soft plump lips, they feel incredible, far better than I imagined. I feel the intense burning inside as I deepen the kiss slowly passing my tongue into her mouth, I can barely catch a breath in, I knew it would be intense just didn't expect this, my member growing hard, she's struggling to stay up, I bring her closer into my embrace and holding her in place not ready to let go with the intensity we were creating. Damon screaming "Mate, we need to mate," I push him back she's not ready. In my next breath I can smell her arousal my goddess she's so inviting, my member now rock hard pressing against her thigh, she shifts a little to get herself in a better position without breaking from our kiss, I feel my body on fire, I want her and I want her now, letting out a growl of pleasure as it soars through us, she's aching for me too. I slow myself down I can feel her panting for more her body aching for me, urging me to take her now, I can't not yet, it's just too fast we need to take things a little slower as much as I'd love you feel her tight flower dripping over me I can't we have to savour our moment, I'll know when the time is right. I pull away from her lips and plant her in my neck both trying to catch our breaths from the intense make out session that had just occurred. "Goddess I love you Amelia"

I feel her breathing slowly getting calmer and before I can hear a cute little snore coming from her with her sleeping away on me I gently get us off the floor holding her bridal style while she sleeps in my arms, I head back to the truck, she flickers her eyes and tries to wake herself, "it's okay Amelia we're back at the truck I'll take you home now you rest" she gently closes her eyes again after placing her in the truck. 

We get back at the club after a short drive, I gently wake Amelia, "Come on beautiful your home let's get you inside" Her eyes open a touch enough for me to acknowledge she's understood what I said. I carry her to the doors bridal style she hands me keys to unlock the door, indicating she didn't want me to leave her down just yet. I get her into her apartment, small little studio apartment, looks lovely, lots of creams and browns giving it a bright airy feel, I laid her on her bed and tucked her in, "Amelia, you get some rest I'll see you tomorrow I'll leave my number on the table so you can ring or text whenever you want to chat, I love you beautiful" I plant a kiss on her head and exit her apartment. 

The whole drive home I felt empty, like I'm missing something, but of course I was Amelia is missing. I can't wait to have her on my arm everywhere, I wanted her sleeping in my bed every night. My chest aching for her, Damon whimpering in my head only making me feel worse for leaving her. I couldn't have her at the pack while I tell my father or put her in that situation for that matter, I needed to get everything under control first. These thoughts are not giving me much hope of sleep, if she were here I'd probably be asleep in no time. Thoughts of our kiss invading my memory how sweet she tasted, how eager we both were to mate, I felt my member growing, at my own thoughts, how she kept me wanting more, I hope these feelings never go, she ignited me like a candle to a flame, did she feel it the same way? I do hope so, I've always been told it would be like electricity running through my veins instead I felt like I was burning, not hurting me at all but heat soaring through my body, I keep hearing her pant repeatedly, her need for me, my need for her growing in more ways than one. My one and only love. 
###chapter 20 Facing fear
I actually feel pretty good seen as I've had very little sleep, The only 
worry is of my fathers reaction. I'll head up to his office following breakfast then head to the club to see if I can catch her for food tonight. Perhaps I'll cook something even better if Da's reaction isn't as bad as I think it's gonna be, maybe she can move her stuff in today, well if she will that is, Ma will be ecstatic to meet her. I head down for breakfast and I can see Mateo and Nathan waiting for me, they look they're gonna burst if they don't get some gossip soon. I notice a coffee and a plate full of food waiting for me, they thought of everything this morning, these boys seriously are eager. I take my seat and all I get is "So?" from Mateo knowing he wants to know everything. "it went well" is all I said, watching for the disappointment in their faces, I let out a laugh, I explain more to them and the fact she doesn't know anything of her origin or past. That's something I need to get someone to look into but thats probably a job for Mark, we wouldn't have a clue where to start, When Da comes around maybe he can help too holding on to the little hope I have. "Boys we do need to talk later it concerns Amelia and the black shadow pack but I don't want anyone in the pack knowing anything you got me" they nod in unison looking a little concerned. "Come let's head for training so I can get to the hard part, Da" "You don't give the man enough credit, he's set in a tradition I'm sure he'll be fine once he sees how happy you are". Concern striking my face I hope so. 

As I get ready for training I hear my phone ping *Good Morning I'm sorry I fell asleep baby you must have tired me out x x. Its fine beautiful I'm glad you had sleep we have a whole lifetime ahead of us. I'm hoping to catch you for dinner tonight providing everything goes according to schedule x x. That would be amazing I'm heading to Rich and Nina for dinner I'll tell them to set another place setting for you until later baby, I love you x x. Thank you, Until later beautiful x x.* Well that's just brightened my day, I love her little pet name for me, sends a warm sensation throughout my body. I try to remain focused for training just the thought of her sending a burn through my heart each time, then I have the tension of seeing my father after a shower all these things are giving me so many emotions, I'm sure I'll burst if anything else pops up. 

"Got some news I'll see you both in Lucas's room when Lucas gets back from Alphas office. 
okay bro but I want to meet Ameila for dinner tonight is this going to put a hold on that?  No, you will still be able to see your mate Luc. Okay thank you guys, it means alot. You'd do the same for us if not more so we work together." I can't argue with that I probably go above and beyond for them. This has to be about Jackson and he doesn't want me raging going to see Da he's obviously thought this through. 

*knock knock* "Da you busy?" "Not really just trying to catch up on some paperwork" "oh good Ma's here too means I can kill two birds with one stone here" "you look radiant boy, bigger too, you been working out more?" "Actually no, I've found my true mate and I wanted to introduce her to you tomorrow, but I would like some form of approval from you even if you don't agree with it also know that if you do not accept my decision I will choose her everytime" I said confidently. "there's a way to drop a bomb shell isn't it, your not even of age yet it's not possible" I could see his anger building up "I've been to the pack Dr to confirm everything and it is infact a mating bond, I won't have anyone step in the way of that" "Oh my boy you found her I couldn't be happier for you, I'd love to meet her I'll make dinner" "hold on a second, who is she? wheres she from? what does she have to offer this pack" "she was made rogue from the Black shadow pack, for reasons they gave her I don't believe, I believe they made her rogue out of fear of her, she's a desert wolf, her name is Amelia" "Now does have me interested but you know I have just made connections with this pack we have worked hard to seal deals, they also don't offer anything to us bar food supplies when needed, you basically own them" I spat "That I am aware of. What does Mark have to say in all this?" "He's actually as intrigued as I am, he's doing research into the breed to find out some more information, apparently research he has come across are quite the controversial to eachother, he wants to meet her, problem is she has no idea who she is, I havn't been able to get much out of her past she's not ready to tell all." "Now you do have me interested in her, are her intentions pure?" "I believe they are, I made her aware of you and your assy nature and was still willing to choose me, that's good enough for me, I'll also resign my title before you are able to break us apart" "Enough of that. okay I'll agree to meet her, I'll reach out to some of my connections to see if they can shed come light on this situation, now leave before I change my mind. I am happy for you in some ways, I just like tradition and rules as you know."

I head back to my room slouch on my sofa and let out a large sigh of relief that's one weight off my shoulders but Da is very calm about it, it worries me in some ways, there's gotta be a hidden agenda. Well Ma is gonna make us food tomorrow and she looks so happy, maybe she has soften him enough to allow this I still need to keep some guard up. I catch an hours nap while I got the chance, on to the last duty before I can see my beautiful mate. "Hey guys I'm back in my room." my phone pings *Dinner will be ready at 6.30 baby can't wait to see you x x. Ok beautiful see you soon but where am I going I have no address x x. Sorry it's 46 walters ave x x.* 

Mateo and Nathan let themselves in and slump on the couch next to me "how'd it go?" "surprisingly well, but I'm not sure there's gotta be more to this than he's letting on, she's been invited for dinner tomorrow." "that's amazing I hope they grow to like her, although she seems quite the shy one, do you think your father will scare her away?" the thought actually crossed my mind but I'm sure she's gonna be fine I shrug my shoulders not knowing what to say about that. "So what's the issue?" I push the previous conversation aside "Well we have our little informant that has stated he's doing night training with the ones they managed to turn against you, so he's trying to build them up now, he doesn't know if he's had anyone from the outside of yet, He apparently is going to wait for you to take the title to challenge you but this could play in your advantage, he won't know how quick that's coming seen as you already found your mate, I plan to move her in tomorrow if all goes well, she will be living here so he would know it would be sooner than he planned" "that may leave him desperate Lucas we have to think of every possible scenario here" I run my fist through my hair stress levels increasing, "we need more information but I'm not sure how we're gonna get it" "is there anyway of planting a bug or a drink where we can tap into his thoughts, links and so on?" "That would require a witch and a powerful one at that, and it would be I'd have to involve my father which I don't want to do until necessary" "you stated before your mate possibly has special abilities do you know what they are?" "she is staying out of this unless he drags her into it do you understand me!!" a protective growl escapes me "yes Luc we hear you loud and clear" that say in unison clearly shaken by my anger. "Luc I think we'll leave it there for tonight your getting too worked up" I nod in agreement and they leave hastily. I shower and get myself ready to leave for dinner with my beautiful mate.
###chapter 21 Adopted parents
I arrive Rich and Nina's place, it's modern and elegant, a lovely home. Amelia runs from the house and dives into my arms, "I've missed you" "I can tell beautiful, I missed you too" a warm smile appearing on her gorgeous face, those plump lips are my ecstasy, I give her quick kiss before we head in. I could tell she didn't want me to stop but we have company. "plenty of time for that Amelia let's get to dinner" she threw a little pout and almost dragged me inside. 

The house is so beautiful definitely a feminine touch, golds, teals and creams running through the downstairs with a large open plan kitchen and dinning room, "Welcome Lucas, glad your finally here Amelia has been on pins waiting for you" "thank you for having my company, I'm early though" I said politely "exactly she's been like it a few hours now" Nina laughed, she got it just as bad as me then I take it. "Anyway food is almost ready and the table is set so please take a seat." Rich waved his had toward the table. We sat at the table while Nina and Rich brought food over. Food looked as amazing as it smelt, these two must have experience, still not Ma's food though. A full roast dinner is just what I needed. We all chatted and laughed over dinner, Amelia was on cloud 9 having us all together, I could tell she wasn't used to this sort of thing maybe thats something we need to do more often spend time with family and friends having dinners, going out together, trips and so forth, I know she would love the idea. 

Amelia and I offer to clear up after dinner, so we cleared the left overs and loaded the dish washer together giving the dishes that would be harder to clean a quick wipe down, she splashed me on numerous of occasions, I loved how playful she could be, she's so happy and comfortable here, I just hope she can learn to be like this around my parents. "Amelia you will pay for that one" I chase her around with a wet cloth and flicking some water over her now and again. The atmosphere here is so calm I love it, I felt comfortable and she was completely in her element. After we finished up in the kitchen I asked if I could take her home, I needed to ask her about tomorrow and I just wanted her in my arms a little while before I head back. "yeh that would be lovely thank you" We said our thank yous and goodbyes to Rich and Nina who replied with "your both welcome here anytime" I appreciated that very much seen as this is the first time I'd met them properly not while they were working. A very nice couple indeed even if they were human they knew all about us, which I trusted they wouldn't go telling anyone, they adored Amelia too much to bring her any harm. 

We get back to Amelia's apartment she sits herself down on her sofa and signals me to join her. "Amelia I've loved every minute of tonight, thank you." "your welcome baby, I wanted you to ask to see me today so you come for dinner I didn't want to drag you away from any duties" I could see she was ashamed. "Beautiful girl don't bow your head or feel bad for wanting me, I want you too, I will do anything in my power to be around you. At the moment I havn't really got much on anyways so I'm all yours" she nodded shyly "believe me when I say this I love you and nothing will come between us, I was hoping you would agree to come to dinner with my parents tomorrow they have agreed to meet you and give you a chance, my father took it surprisingly well, my mother is just bursting with joy that I've found you and wanted you to be there already to meet you but I will only take you if you agree I don't want to push you into this." Her eyes meet mine widening, her golden eyes mesmerising, just making me fall deeper for her each time I see them but ahes nervous it's written all over her face. "I will meet your parents and come for dinner but I'm nervous what if they don't like me" I look at her I see the pain through her eyes, "You can talk to me beautiful, what are you hiding from me please I want you to trust me, and I want to help you through any troubles you may have, I am your shoulder to cry on" I leave her rest her face on my hand and feel a tear fall I bring her to my lap and just hold her there I don't think she was ready for that, I cocked up stupid Lucas what did you do that for. "it's okay Amelia I'm here if your not ready, your not ready it's okay, I'm sorry if you feel pressured" I feel her calm down in my arms her breathing returning to nearly normal, "it's not that I don't want to tell you I just don't know how, I know next to nothing about who I am, who I'm ment to be, Lucas you knew more about my wolf than I did it scares me I don't know what's been hidden from me and I'm not sure I can take you hiding things from me either." "Amelia I know as much as you do, I promise my pack Dr and Da are doing what they can to help uncover some of your past and you will be the first to know, I can put my life on that."

She stared at me hard with what seemed to be like she was having a battle with herself until she spoke "your lucky to have all that I never have, my parents abandoned me, I was an orphan at the black shadow pack, I was treated poorly, I lived off left overs, I trained and worked out as much I as I could behind closed doors, I used gymnastics as my release, the only friend I had who I was so sure was my mate, I don't know what he's done or hasn't done but I ended up getting kicked out because of him, he hasn't even given me an explanation or anything for that matter after all the years he protected me, he was by my side then he just ditched me too. I had no one until Rich and Nina took me in and now I have you I can't lose you, I can't take anymore rejection or abandonment, it will kill me" I just held her she finally poured her heart out to me and laid it all out she was a sobbing wreck, I hated seeing her so vulnerable but all I could do was hold her and be here when she needed me most. "I'm here Amelia, I'm not going anywhere you won't lose me even if you tried, I love you more than you will ever understand"  "Can you stay tonight I don't want to be alone" I felt her whisper into my chest "I wouldn't be leaving you like this anyway beautiful, I'm right here"

"Won't be home tonight guys, Amelia needs me.
No worries, take care of your mate we're okay here." 

"Would you like me to run you a bath to relax a little?" she nodded slowly "I'll be right back I'll sort the bath out for you" planting her gently back on the sofa, her bathroom is small, had what it needed, cream marble floor, bright white tiles, a small sink, a shower and a free standing bath pretty basic but very organised. I add in some bubble bath, light come candles if found living around I found a towel in a cabinet, I'll go and get her some pajamas to get her comfortable. I head back out and notice her curled up in a ball, "won't be too much longer just finishing up" she lifted her head, slid her head aside noticing I'd got her pajamas from the wardrobe. I open the bathroom door "Amelia your bath is ready beautiful" she walked to the bathroom her face a picture, she was in complete awe, "I just wanted you to relax abit I hope you can do that for me" she nodded sweetly "Thank you baby" "I'll get us a hot drink for when you come out, would you like to watch something in bed?" "but how I have no TV by my bed" "I can make some changes" flashing a wink at her. She shook her head and closed the door. I'll take that as a yes, I move her furniture around so we could both see the TV in a perfect angle from the bed, I put the kettle on and see lots of tea, chamomile tea, I laugh to myself, Ma's gonna love her. I make myself a coffee and her a tea. While waiting for Amelia to finish up I search through for a film, surely she must like chick flicks, so I just put some chick flick on pause ready for her. I checked the cupboards and found some popcorn I grabbed that and placed it on the bed. All set for a movie and chill time. Just me and my Luna. 
###chapter 22 Spending the night
I come out of the bathroom to see he's moved my TV from where it was to a perfect alignment to view the screen from the bed, he'd made my tea and himself a coffee, I thought to myself won't that keep him up all night, I didn't think to question him on it. He was right about the bath though it completely relaxed me I was in there until the water was going cold. I notice he already has a film picked it and there's popcorn on the bed ready for us. This man is a gem, a rare precious one at that. "Thank you, you were right about the bath it's helped alot" "I'm glad beautiful, least I could do for you now come we'll watch a film and go to sleep, I thought you might like a chick flick but wasn't sure which one so I just put something random on hope thats okay." "that's fine, it looks like you picked mamma mia which is one of my all time faves" "I got something right then, I hope your tea is okay I didn't know if you took sugar or anything so I just made it as I would for Ma" looking nervously while I take a sip "It's perfect thank you" he's such a gentleman, I wouldn't change a thing about him and he always knows how to calm me down, I keep breaking into these silly tears I thought I let go of the past, I clearly didn't I just need to accept it and focus on my life and future with Lucas from now on. 

We were some way into the movie and and I felt myself nestling into Lucas more and more, he was just so comforting, his scent filling my nose, I could feel the electricity flowing through me at a steady speed, his hand tracing lines over my back steadily just enjoying being in my presence. I don't know how much longer I can withhold from kissing him, I knew I wanted him it was just a matter of time before I can't hold back anymore. I feel my breathing getting heavier, my body aching for him, I lean up to look at him,"Amelia is every.." I cut him off mid sentence  just planting my lips on his,its like it  was setting off an atomic bomb inside me sparks invading each part of my body, my arousal becoming heightend, each one of my senses signalling for me, my tongue invading his mouth for his taste, he deepens the kiss and pulls me into him, I can't resist him anymore I needed this, I needed him, I just needed a release. I let out a moan while he growled in approval, "you sound magnificent" my body arching into him my arousal dampening through my panties, I feel his member growing hard underneath me, I wanted more, I needed more I feel his hands roaming ever inch of my back before gently caressing over my hip gently making his way to cup my breast, not once breaking from his kiss, my body responding to his every touch, I lifted his tee over his head, and moaned as he parted from my lips, I let my hand wonder over his body, feeling every muscle so defined, so tense, he has a body of a God, I moan again in satisfaction of the man in front of me, and he was all mine. He slowly breaks from our kiss, kissing over my jaw line and down my neck slowly lifting my tank top off, he sat back admiring the view, "now I'll never get sick of this sight, your just perfect and it's all mine"  I watch his darkeningwith lust, he comes back to kissing me and letting his tongue invade my mouth, lapping around mine, he gently bites onto my lip and plants gentle sensual kisses down my neck taking extra care where he would mark me, "please" I begged "not yet neither of us are ready for it yet but when the time is right I will gladly take you into oblivion" he continues down my chest feeling his warm breath on my hard nipples he gently licks and sucks on one while caressing the other, another moan escaping me, while he moans and growls, I can't tell if he is refraining, bringing himself back up to kiss me again I feel his hands wandering cupping my firm cheeks, making my flower ache and drip for him, I can feel the electricity running through my core, I felt his hand firmly rub over my thighs edging closer as he finally meets my dampened fabric the only thing between his hand and my flower, he groans in delight, the intensity making me grind against his hand he slowly brings his arm around me planting me in a position to have a full view, his eyes full of intensity and lust. 

He kisses me once more while rubbing over the thin fabric making my juices keep flowing, my back arching almost begging for him to give a release, smirking at my desperation. I notice his eyes a deep grey, he brings his hand back to my flower now only to feel my excitement drowning my panties, "Amelia your so inviting it's hard to resist" "well don't then" is all I could manage as he pulls off my panties and slides his fingers over my bud, rubbing and and grinding, I let out another moan "Lucas please more" begging him in that instant he slides a finger in, gently pushing in and out feeling my juices flowing over him, "Amelia my goddess cum for me baby" as he slides in another finger I feel myself arching and moaning louder, "Lucas" I'm almost screaming at the intensity, I can feel my orgasm building up, he ploughs in faster and harder before I could hold back anymore I feel my release flow over him he keeps going to ride out my orgasm, "good girl, your so sexy when you can't control yourself" smirking at me licking his fingers, "you taste divine but lets find out just how divine you taste on your second" 

He plants kisses on my thighs slowly making his way to my bud. I'm barely over my first orgasm, sending me into a moaning frenzy again, his tongue lapping, sucking and flicking my bud, "Lucas more" I growl, pressing his head into me further gripping his hair. I can feel myself on the edge of another orgasm he works his tongue faster, I let a large moan as I arch myself into him he quickly slides his tongue to invade me again releasing myself over him as he continues to lick and taste my essence, my body shaking from my last orgasm trying to regain my stability as I feel myself begining to calm a little I feel exhausted, that is was incredible I could have never imagined it being so good. He smirked at my pleasure, "you my goddess are incredible now it's time for some rest you look exhausted" "but what about you" "my pleasure came from pleasuring my girl, your my ecstasy to forfill you forfilled me beautiful" he planted a kiss on my head, I nestled myself into his naked chest I felt my eyes getting heavier before everything went blank. 
###chapter 23 Breakfast
Waking up, I realise he's not in bed I'm no longer wrapped in his arms I start to panic then it hits me, I smell eggs cooking my god it smells delicious. I sit up in bed to find Im still naked from last night, all of a sudden the images of last night replay in my head, feel myself biting my lip sending me to blush. I shake the thoughts from my head, I look over and see my gorgeous man, standing over the cooker, only wearing a pair of boxers, his shoulders and back muscles so defined, he still has morning hair which just added to how sexy he looked. I wrap the blanket around me and make my way to the kitchen, "Good Morning beautiful did you get a good sleep" "best I've had in a long time thank you and you?" I whispered almost being shy after last night "I must say the same. Thank you for having me stay" "breakfast smells amazing, where did you learn to cook?" "my Ma said it was always important to be able to take care of my mate so I did whatever she did for me really and learnt a few things along the way" "she sounds like an amazing woman, I can tell you love her very much" realising what I had missed growing up maybe mine would have been the same but not letting it get to me "of course I do she's always been my rock" "I can't wait to meet the woman who made this perfection for me" "later beautiful right now we eat" "okay, I'll go and put something on"  

I cleared up after breakfast and tidied up after last night. Lucas distracted he must be linking the pack, I left him to it as I got ready for the day, putting some soft curls through my hair and some light make up which should set me up for the day. "Amelia darling you look like a Ray of sunshine today, your glowing" I blush a little at his words. "thank you" is all I managed he gave me a kiss "your most welcome little wolf, now I have a question for you and I will respect whatever your answer but I was hoping if all goes well tonight you would move in with me tonight or tomorrow? The boys and me will help with whatever is needed to be done you will not need to work, in which I have made arrangements with Rich and Nina. I have 2 workers ready to start on my go ahead and we will be having food with them every Tuesday and Sunday, I know how much they mean to you and wouldn't take them out of your life, family is important and they are your family so they are also important to me. You can have a think about it and let me know I don't want to pressure you beautiful"  I'm left completely speechless, he thought of absolutely everything. I looked at my man, I see my present and my future with him and Tara racing around my head in complete excitement, I can't lie I was too but he can't just expect me to do nothing all day I have to do something not wait around for him while he tends to pack duties and whatever else he does. "I'd love to but I just don't know at the moment can we see how tonight goes and go from there" I bow my head, I feel him lift my chin to look into my eyes, his perfect iceblue silver eyes glistening in the sunlight. "of course as I said this is all at your pace, I will wait as long as you need me too" he's perfection how the hell did the goddess get him so perfect, he is every womans dream but instead he's all mine and I loved every little inch of him. 

"What would you like to do today Amelia? We need to be with my parents around 6, so we have a few hours to burn, anything that interests you?"  I thought of a few things, I wanted to see the new art museum in town, maybe just a stroll through the vineyard, it's gorgeous there, I remembered how me and Roman would go there, thoughts of my past creeping in I decide on "the library" "you like reading Amelia? you never fail to surprise me" I nod away but turn away quickly "I love to but I'm not going there to pleasure read I want to see if we can uncover something of my past or know a little more about me atleast" "of course it's your day today, I'll do whatever it takes to make you smile" pulling me towards him again planting me with a kiss I try to stop myself from deepening the kiss but I just can't help it, his touch is just so irresistible as he pulls away leaving me panting for more "plenty of time for that later beautiful" sending me a wink placing his hand in the small of my back "come let's go do some research". 

As we drove away from town I notice us hitting a highway "where are we going?" "A library" "there's one back in town"
I replied looking at his blank expression "oh Amelia that one would be ok for reading but for research we need something a little more extensive, there one just in the next town perfect for what we're looking for" now I see a smile coming across his beautiful face, the sun leaving his eyes sparkle. I adored him how on earth could I even contemplate not moving in with him. 
###chapter 24 Research
We arrive at an old building, didn't look like much just looked like it had aged over time and could do with some repairs. we walk in through the heavy oak doors, the smell hit me, old books and dust almost making me cough. I look into the room and it looked so much bigger than what it did from the outside two floors of shelves, all sectioned off perfectly. "Lucas where do we even start?" I questioned looking a little nervous. "Good afternoon Mr. Silverstone how can I help you?" "Good afternoon Grant and please call me Lucas, I'm looking for some research into desert wolves to be specific can you help?" "let me take a look" He scrolls through a computer to see if there's anything he can help, eyeing me back and fore making me uncomfortable "ah here it is, if you go to section 38, and it's on aisle 5 you should be able to find what your looking for, there are a few books there that will help you, are you aware how incredibly special they are, no need to hide I'm just shocked to even be in your presence" bowing his head to me. "Thank you grant that's all for now " "your very welcome I'll bring up some coffee for you and what would the lady like?" "I'll take the same thank you" "My pleasure, Lucas you got yourself a keeper here, don't mess it up" he said with a laugh while Lucas rolled his eyes. 

"This place is massive Lucas how did you know about this place?"  admiring the sight of this building "It's a part of one of our pack connections, he's werewolf too which I'm guessing you already sensed but he doesnt have a pack he's basically rogue and didn't want to join us but we offered him a solution we have full access to the library and we pay him a monthly fee to keep the place running and give himself a wage." "So you basically keep this place afloat" "yeah I've asked if we can do some repairs and what not, the team are just waiting on clearance now, here we are section 38" "Oh look aisle 5" I said excitedly.  we each scan over the shelves I grabbed 2 books and Lucas 3 in hand, "I think we have enough for now I insisted" Lucas nodding away. 

We begin to look through the books to find something that would give us some knowledge as to what we are looking for "here lucas look, it says here desert wolves have special abilities, but I don't have any at least that I know of" "I recall Dr saying something but wasn't too sure as to what he ment" "it says here some have the ability to make themselves completely invisible, some can produce flames, some have special healing abilities, some can read minds, erase memories, wow who would have thought my species would be so powerful and I knew nothing about it" "I think your old pack were scared of you that's why they made you rogue thinking you would be able to destroy them" I see him looking in despair "it's okay Lucas none of this is your fault" "I just wish there was something I could do to change your past" "if you changed the past I may not be here with you so I wouldn't change a thing so you shouldn't beat yourself up over it" "Amelia your already so strong, so forgiving, your going to make a perfect Luna" I love him more each minute, so strong and protective yet loving and gentle the perfect balance.

"Amelia look here, it says here that there's a prophecy, a female wolf will contain many different abilities and will be one of the most powerful females in history, it says many will fear her, others will want her for own personal gain, once mated they share all their gifts with their mate, but unfortunately once the wolf dies the prophecy will die with it, marking the end of the desert wolf species who will then not be able to produce further pups of their own kind." my eyes glued open at his words, now this absolutely terrified me, what if the prophecy is dead and I can't give him pups. So many things running through my head. "Amelia you havn't said a word is everything okay?" "Yes I just can't think of not having pups of our own" "we will worry about that when it comes to it but enough reading for today I'll lease the other two books and we'll go through them again." I nod unable to think of me being so unaware I don't have any abilities, I may or may not be able to produce my own pups, I may be completely useless after all. "Thanks Grant I'll be back in a few weeks" Lucas takes my hand and we walk out to the car. 

I remain silent the whole drive back, I see in the distance what looked like a large pack house and some kind or town. "This pack is massive compared to the shadow pack" "We also have a lot more to offer, we have access to school, other packs exchange programs and we even have some human connections, What you think?" "It's amazing" "and it will all be ours in time" I gulped rather loudly at the thought of running such a massive pack, he placed his hand on my knee, "We'll be fine" 

We pull up at the large building which I assumed would be the pack house. "I need to get changed before we go to my parents is that okay?" I nodded. He came around and lifted me out of the ranger, and held my hand while walking into the pack we received some stares and heard some whispering but he ignored everything. Mateo bumped into him in the hallway with Nathan, "hey guys pop by later, I'll link you" he said in a serious tone instead of his gentle playful demeanour. He unlocked his room after countless of stairs and led me in, I'm speechless once again his room was perfect, blues, creams and silvers making it bright and airy, open plan kitchen diner and living room I'm guessing his bedroom was separate to this room. I bet that's beautiful too. "I'm just gonna run and get changed make yourself at home" I sit on the extra large corner suite, now this is a sofa I sunk in as I lean back, it's perfect. by the time I'd become accustomed to the living room Lucas appears over my shoulder, "You look comfortable my love, I'm sorry to disturb but we must leave for my parents now"
###chapter 25 Meeting Alpha and Luna
We walk a short way from the pack house to where Lucas stops, I look in shock at the house my god it's magnificent, modern and well maintained, it stood out from the rest, the door knock is of a wolf's head and of course it's silver. "Are you ready beautiful?" I realised my nerves creeping in on me "as I'll ever be" I whispered. As he opened the door and led me in a grand stair case, to the right an archway that led into a living room as I enter it's beautiful, everything perfectly symmetrical, and everything matched, I see it another archway leading to a kitchen dining room bigger than I thought it would be. "Amelia are you okay?" noticing I had been nothing but silent since walking through the door "sorry I was admiring your parents home" "It's okay" "Lucas darling is that you?" I hear a sweet voice coming from the kitchen "Yes Ma" "Oh goodie come to the kitchen I'm just finishing up" "oh Lucas isn't she beautiful, oh darling Amelia, I've been on edge since Lucas told me about you, it's amazing to finally meet the woman that captured my sons heart" "it's lovely to meet you too, you should be very proud of the man you raised he's been nothing but a gentleman" giving him a warm smile. "a gentleman you say, my boy has she got you confused" I hear a stern voice come from behind us even letting out a little laugh. I feel the power radiating off him immediately, but yet he looked soft and gentle nothing like Lucas had described him. "Amelia, this is my father and Alpha, Brandon and of course my mother Ava, who clearly can't take her eyes off you" "I'm sorry dear she's just so beautiful and she smells divine" "that I agree on son she does smell extremely pleasant and is very beautiful, congratulations to you both" "Thank you Alpha, Luna it's a pleasure to meet you both" I nod my head to both in respect. 

"Let's eat" Alpha insisted "good I'm starving" Lucas ploughed into food letting out growls and grunts. Not that I could blame him his mother's food was off the scale delicious, so many flavours yet all balanced out. "Food is outstanding Luna, Alpha, thank you for having me over" "It's our pleasure dear" "So Lucas tells me you are a desert wolf but you only found out from him" "that is true Alpha, I don't have much to go on from my past, my parents abandoned me and I never knew anything growing up" "I see would you like to find out more about yourself Lucas did ask me himself to go researching but I will only do so with your permission, I would also like to send you to the pack Dr who is also very intrigued of you it is only if you are willing" I think about it for a minute and before I could even agree. "Da you can't go investigating her with the doctor as soon as you meet and besides it shouldn't make a difference" Lucas shouted "oh calm yourself Lucas for goodness sake, the doctor wants to chat about her health, perhaps get some DNA to actually find either a living relative or at least someone who may have some information for your mate"  I can see he means no harm to me even if Lucas doesn't believe it, he looks defeated. "Lucas I think don't your father is going to harm me and if it means I know about my past I accept it, because right now none of us know anything" "fine but if any harm comes to you I will warn someone will be paid for it"  I nod "your father is right on this one, Luc she deserves to know who her family were and find out more about herself" "thank you Alpha and Luna I would love your help" I can feel Lucas tension rise by the second, I place my hand on his leg instantly starting to calm him.

"Let's forget that for the rest of the evening, when do you intend on moving here, as I will need to make time to make you an official pack member, through blood oath it only takes 10 minutes or so just need you to sign some paperwork, drop of blood and were done but as you can appreciate I'm a busy man" "tonight I will be moving my things over Alpha" Lucas looks at me like a little boys dream all came true at once, "are you sure? I told you, you have no need to rush beautiful" "Of course I'm sure I'm not sure I can be without you anymore" I begin to blush forgetting his parents are still in the room. "I love you Amelia" he whispered before planting a kiss on my lips " Isn't it lovely to see our boy completely smitten" "Actually never thought I'd say this but yes." 

After our goodbyes and already done my blood oath to the pack I could actually mind link Lucas without bonding now. I still wouldn't be able to feel what he's feeling until we mate but hopefully, that will come soon. We head back to the pack house "You sure your not moving too quick beautiful?" "I'm sure I don't think I can be without you" "Okay beautiful, I'll get Mateo and Nathan to help out. How much do you have to bring over?" "Nothing much really few clothes, books, few other bits but nothing big we could do it ourselves" "No problem I'll just mind link them to say we should be back shortly" 

After short time packing, I only had a bag of clothes a box of books and other few necessities I look back at my room once more, and close the door behind me. "Are you ready for your next adventure beautiful?" "Yes, I am I've never been so ready let's go." 

###chapter 26 It's our home
I can't believe she said yes and I didn't even pressure her, it was her own decision. She truly accepts me, she wants me just as much as I want her, I need her, My Amelia My Luna, My True Luna. It went well with my parents, she was very polite and willing to answer their questions, we all laughed a little even Da. He shocked me the most of all, he wasnt his usual grumpy old self, he was actually happy and welcoming in. I still don't 100% trust him though something in my gut is telling me don't but I don't know why, she is fully on board with his plans I just need to keep an eye out on anything that could possibly backfire. 

Once we get back to the packhouse, I unload the truck holding the little possessions she did have, she needed to go shopping for clothes too, maybe I'll see if I can get one of the nicer girls to take her but who? I'd have to think about that one. I place all her things neatly on the kitchen table she hands me the clothes "I'm not sure where things go so I'm gonna need some help" her voice so sweet. "that's okay beautiful you will find everything just fine in time" she places her tea in the cupboard where I keep my coffee, she's got a box of personal things which can go in our walk in wardrobe on her side, the rest are things for the bathroom. I show her where she can put her belongings and personal things inside our wardrobe. I think it's struck hard how little she had compared to me, but I rip alot of clothing so I'm constantly buying, "don't worry I'm sure you'll fill this up in no time" I show her into our bathroom, double walk in shower, big enough bath for two with jets not that I like them personally, two sinks and two cupboards when I designed my rooms I designed for me and my mate to make sure they had their own personal space for certain things too. "everything is pretty amazing" "I designed the place for me and mate when they first renovated, it was inevitable so I just did it from the get go, I wanted everything perfect". "Your bed is huge, and you've been sleeping in alone, you must love the space it gives you" she said unable to stop taking in her surroundings. "Not really it's abit lonely and can be cold on my own but I have my girl to share with now so I'm over the moon with having you live with me Amelia I still can't get over you saying yes especially infront of my parents,  crap I got to mind link Mateo and Nathan before I do I have to tell you Jackson who was my Gamma is now out for my title so you will hear things you probably don't want to hear, don't be scared I will protect you at all times and he will not take my rightful place. We have an informant planted into his little possy so whatever he hears I hear but apparently they have a development" "okay, I will stand by your side no matter what anyway baby, I love you, I just want you to stay safe" "I will for you." 

"Mateo & Nathan I'm back in my room and just finished settling little Amelia in she is aware of the circumstances, you may speak freely in front of her and please don't be dicks also kettle is going on now. 
Thank god for that, it's taken you forever." 

The boys come in and slump onto the sofa, Amelia already cuddled up to me she's put some mystery series on biscuits in the middle of the coffee table and we all have a hot drink. "Whats the news?" Amelia paying no attention too engrossed in the series "our little boyo says Jackson is trying to make communication and allies with another pack but is still unsure of which one. no one knows If he is aware of Amelia yet but with you entering and moving all her stuff in it can't be long before he knows if not already, meaning one of us will have to go with her everywhere." I nod in agreement "I will not be followed everywhere what do you think I am a pet!" Amelia growls "sorry Amelia it's for your own safety we can't take risks with our Luna I'm sorry this isn't up for argument" "All three of us" I growl at her "I am not risking you getting hurt or even worse losing you, I've only just found you I'm not allowing it, I love you too much to let that prick mess our life up"  "I love you too but I do need space aswel and your treating me as hostage right now" "No Amelia we are not we are your security, you don't get to play that card" "Jackson can be incredibly reckless Amelia trust me we have all seen it, the minute he finds out about you, he will panic, Lucas will lose his mate, I'll lose my Luna, hell the whole pack will lose their Luna. I'm sorry but we can't allow that to happen" her face drops in defeat not saying another word. "what else is on the cards here?" "hes apparently found an abandoned building, where he could be moving to so everyone in his alliance can move to also" "so he's thinking of going rogue?" "yeh, from what we can gather from the intel, if he leaves the packhouse how are we going to have atleast some tab on him? they won't be able to come back and forth continuously means we would be completely in the dark from his plans" I let out a large sigh and plunge my hand through my hair, could be trickier than I thought. "okay thank you boys, we need to think of a plan but I'll catch you for training tomorrow" "no worries Alpha and Amelia I am sorry your tangled in this" "it's okay, just keep Lucas safe no matter what happens" "I'll protect him with my life or die trying" the boys nod and head out the door.
###chapter 27 Mated
I can see Amelia is upset which breaks my heart knowing we are the cause of that "Amelia darling don't stay mad at me I'm doing what's best for you and this pack" "I know lucas but I'm adjusting so much already and this is just another obstacle" she sighed "having someone with me all the time wasn't something I thought I'd be signing up for" "neither did I in all honesty but it seems he's trying push forward sooner than I expected, I love you Amelia I can't think of losing you not now, not ever" "I love you too Lucas" "come beautiful you must be tired now, you can have a shower and snuggle up in bed" 

I get a chamomile tea ready for when she comes out the shower. Amelia exits the bathroom in just a towel I just have images of her naked body underneath, the flashes of last night on replay, "I forgot clothes" she explains, she wonders shyly to the wardrobe for clothes she comes out just wearing a cropped tank top and a pair of skin tight shorts, her body, is beyond perfect, she's curvy yet lean in all the right places. I can't wait much longer to be in side her, its getting alot harder to control. "Nathan and Nikki will go shopping with you tomorrow while I tend to some pack things is that okay beautiful?" "that will be fine but I don't have enough money to head out shopping" "don't worry about money I've got it, you'll like Nikki but she's quite the energetic type". 

She climbs into bed with two Dutch braids in her still damp hair from only towel drying it. she looked amazing, Damon running around shouting mate mate mate. I will only do it when she wants me to not before. she lays her head on my bare chest while I I run my fingers in patterns along the small of her back, feeling her hairs stand on end at my touch. I start feeling the burning desire to mate her, except the intensity is only growing, like someone set me alight, I feel member growing getting harder to contain my excitement. Amelia lifting her head "I love you Lucas" I plant a kiss on her plump lips, only to find her deepening the kiss, I bring her level with me, so I have better access to her, I let her tongue invade my mouth lapping her tongue with me, her taste just makes my cock throb even more, I cup her gorgeous ass gently squeezing as I start smelling her arousal I smirk between our kisses, she knows I can smell it and is only adding fuel to the fire trying to grind her body against me, she's ready for me I leave my hands wander her perfect body, hearing her leaving out gentle moans now and then, my body aching for her, she slides her hand down to rub again my now throbing member twitching at her touch, I break our kiss and take her top off releasing her perky breasts, I gently squeeze them before playing with her already hard nipples gently nipping, sucking and licking them hearing her moans of pleasure only making me squeeze a little harder. Amelia manages to release my member from my boxers , feeling that she can't hold my full length in my hand taking her by surprise she almost looks nervous, but continues to stroke me up and and down my length while I reach down into her panties to find her dripping flower, her lips and bud so moist already only fuels my need for her I slide a finger over her bud feeling her clench at my touch, I'm clearly having the same affect, I slowly slide one finger in and pump in and out a little before sliding another she's now grinding herself on my fingers I lift her up so I can take them all off she also slides my boxers off "Baby please, I want you, all of you" panting her words out, I believed every word, I felt it too "your wish is my command beautiful" I lay her gently on her back "I'm gonna take this slow, you tell me if you want me to stop" I place my member at her flower slowly sliding on her lips parting them by her entrance I slowly slide my tip him, she let out a loud moan as instart to push a little deeper I stop and leave her adjust to my size I feel her relax a little more as I push a little deeper she screamed, I stayed still and just leaned over her and giving her a kiss, "you sure about this beautiful?" "yeh I think you took my cherry it's fine you can keep going"  I continue to lean over her and continue to kiss her, as I gently pumped myself into her, she feels amazing, her walls so warm clenching to my member then slowly easing in steady rhythm, making my member grow needily, I pick up my pace a little now she's relaxed, letting moans escape up both "fuck Amelia your heavenly" "Faster Lucas" If I keep this up I'm gonna explode any second, I can feel her breathing getting rapid and moans getting louder she's close, "that's it little wolf, cum for me" so start pounding into her as she meets her release her juices exploding over my length making me burn throughout my body and within a few pumps I meet my own planting my essence deep inside her, bringing her in for a deep kiss to finish. Both of us sweaty and panting. "That was amazing it was like being in a fire pit of pleasure, I love you Amelia, I hope this feeling lasts forever" "Thank you, I love you too Lucas, I don't think I've felt so much electricity in my life, I never want it to change either than was insane" 

We finally mated our bond will grow stronger but it probably won't be too long now until her first heat which we need to be prepared for I will need to mark her soon to complete our bond fully and have our ceremony but I'm gonna do one better and marry her both traditionally and a mating ceremony. I feel our breathing finally begining to labour off to normal, I feel her whole body relax into mine, getting heavier, "I love you Amelia" I planted a kiss on her head and also feel my eyes getting heavy, before I could even think about anything else everything went blank. 
###chapter 28 Meeting Nikki
Sun shining through the the partially open blinds, I notice Lucas still asleep, with a quiet snore, it's adorable, he's adorable, I watch him a while as the memory enters my mind. I'm mated, it was perfect, he was so gentle, scared of hurting me perhaps but as he got into a steady rhythm he just got faster and harder, felt like a new world was emerging, I blush as I realise I let me juices flow freely and he planted his essence deep luckily I'm on contraception, there's no way Im ready for a pup yet. Letting out a deep sigh realising it may not even be possible. 

I get myself out of bed gently to head for a shower ease the ache in my muscles after last nights adventure, I let Lucas sleep. I let the steamy water run over me, immediately easing my ache, I continue to wash and clean avoiding getting my braids wet before jumping out the shower I head out of the bathroom just wrapped in a towel. I put dried myself off and applied moisturiser balm over me, I love the way it made my body feel. I needed to make some effort today, I was meeting Nikki in a short while to go shopping. Nathan tagging along but he didn't seem to care I'm guessing he quite likes shopping. I head for the wardrobe to notice Lucas still sleeping away in bed he's so peaceful, he hasn't moved since I got up. I look through my clothes and get out some skinny jeans, a tee, jacket and my pumps as I look at myself in the mirror I see my skin is glowing, it's radiant I blush at the thoughts it's probably the sex and finally mating with Lucas thats given me this glow. I continue to smile away while I ravel my hair from my Dutch braids giving me lovely beachy waves, I place a little mascara and lip balm and I'm ready for the day. 

I go to the kitchen to see if there's anything I could possibly use to make breakfast, I only have an hour before I have to meet Nikki and Nathan, I'll just have coffee and a biscuit, I'll grab something to eat later on, as I sit watching fbi cases on TV Lucas emerges over the back of the sofa, "Good morning beautiful you look radiant today" planting a kiss on my cheek. "thank you sleepy head, I have to meet Nikki and Nathan in around 30 minutes to head shopping, sorry I didn't make breakfast I couldn't find anything" giving my apologies "no beautiful I'm the one thats sorry I completely forgot I was out of things, you shouldn't be heading out on an empty stomach" looking at me apologetically "it's okay I'll grab something while I'm out"  "Nathan will make sure you do", his eyes misty he's linking him now. "both Nikki and Nathan are ready whenever you are, you head off get yourself something to eat and get some clothes I'm gonna head for a shower and get some things done"  "okay, I'll miss you" giving him a deeper kiss than anticipated "I love you Amelia" " I love you too baby see you later" I whispered back before heading out the door. 

I walk down the stairs getting some weird looks on the way, I didn't care I was used to it and they probably have no idea who I am but one person stops me,"your our future Luna I take it, you look outstanding congratulations to you both" I thanked them politely and brushed ot off. I see Nathan and another girl I suspect to be Nikki, dark brown hair with caramel blonde highlights, she's also very attractive and I can see she takes a lot pride in her appearance. "Hey Nathan, Hey Nikki are we ready to take off?" "That we are Miss, oh almost forgot Luc gave me this for you and assured there's no limit to what you want to spend" "Alpha is giving you his card this is going to be amazing, I heard your gonna need nearly a whole wardrobe, I'm so excited, I love shopping and you my darling are damn attractive, this should be easy. no offence but you have a killer body and everything screams beauty about you and you have no idea how to style it your gonna love me by the end of this trip, Nathan probably won't though" "thank you and none taken first I have to eat before Luc has a pout" They both laugh and nod, knowing it was true I'd only end up getting told off along with Nathan for not making sure I eat. 

Nathan stops in at a small bakery, "anyone else want anything?" "Lucas is paying so yes I'll take a breakfast sub, Black coffee 1 sugar and a fruit crepe" Nathan answered "I'll just take a bacon and cheese sub and water please" Nikki answered politely, "okay won't be long". As I get back to the car with a tray of drinks and 3 bags for food for each order. We sort out who's is who's. As we tuck into our food, Nathan actually growling at is his food as if he was having some sort of pleasure out of it making us both giggle. I also had a sub, but I had bacon, sausage and egg, I can see why Nathan stopped here it tastes phenomenal, savouring every bite and occasionally sipping on my caramel cappuccino in between. As we finished up food Nathan took our trash to a nearby bin. "Are we ready to shop now" Nikki screeching through the car in excitement Lucas was definitely right about the energetic part, she's nice though I think we will make good friends. 
###chapter 29 Shopping
As we arrive at a massive store still within the pack grounds so I'm told, this pack must be huge I'll have to get Lucas to show me around. I miss him so much already, "quit thinking about Lucas come we have lots to get you dear. We need formal, casual, sexy and elegant so let's go." "sorry" I utter "it's okay you'll see him later" 
Amelia darling Dr. Preston will see you at 7pm if thats okay with you. Lucas may accompany you if he feels more comfortable with that. Alpha linked me. Thank you Alpha I will be there and Lucas will probably accompany me. Please stop calling me alpha Call me Brandon or Da whichever you prefer but not alpha too formal for my liking He wants me to call him Da, I think I just got warm sensation in my tummy. He accepts me, he wants to help me he's nothing like Lucas explained. He's actually lovely. "Amelia!" Nathan shouted "sorry did I miss something? the Alpha Brandon linked me I was distracted" bowing my head "sorry I wasn't aware you linking Alpha my apologies" 

As I enter the building I realise this is only a clothing shop, I was expecting a mall but no this all clothing. "where do we start" I say, looking around in amazement at the size of this store. We'll start here Nathan we better grab 2 carts for this, he nods in agreement. We look around tops and we get a mixture of cropped, long and short sleeved, straps, cami's, blouses, vests, shirts "I think there's enough tops" "your right Amelia now we head for bottoms," again getting a mixture of jeans, leggings, shorts, skirts of different lengths. Going on to dresses, I pick out a few myself, elegant yet sexy, some everyday casual dresses given my body shape anything overly flow looks ridiculous on me so I stick to figure hugging as did Nikki, getting some quite revealing dresses and formal dresses. Apparently Lucas has to attend many of parties and events so I would need to look the part. Nathan begins to blush knowing we are heading for the lingerie section, "it's okay I'll leave you with the cart and I'll be back in around 10 minutes"  we pick up a range of silk, lace push up, invisible bras strapless bras, backless bras, we look at some sets one gold one stands out corset style with stockings and thong to match a full set. it's perfect, "Amelia just get it your eyeing it up like someone who can't afford it" "it's not that, I just never thought of myself wearing anything like it" "in that case we get the gold, there's a lovely  baby blue and silver set here and a gorgeous baby pink one" we get different panties, thongs, boxer breifs, lace, silk and all sorts. Couple of different packs of socks, 5 sets of pj's, Teddy fleece, silk 5 piece set, patterned and non patterned."now last but not least accessories and shoes. My legs are aching now we've been at it hours. Nathan emerging from no where "girls are we done I'm fed up now" "almost just shoes and accessories and we are done" Nikki insisted both carts more or less full, we pick out some sneakers, different style boots, heels, pumps, sandals to finish off we pick out some jewellery pieces and we are finally done. I let out a massive sigh of relief "I'm exhausted now now just to pay and unpack everything at home". "I'll help put everything away" "thank you for today Nikki" "it's okay I hope we can become friends" "that would be nice I've never really had a close female friend before" "I'm always here if you need anything" "She doesn't need a price" Nathan tells the cashier, she nods and I hand Lucas card over. "right now that's over with, can we head back now it's almost time for dinner" 

All three of us toddle back to the car each of us we hands full. Nathan opens up the large boot and we all place the bags in. Silent drive back, we're all exhausted after that. Nathan and Nikki help to carry everything up to our room placing everything on the sofa. Nikki stays to help sort everything out and put them all away, I now have a full complete wardrobe good for all weather types. "Thanks Nikki" "Don't mention it, I have to shoot now though I need a shower after the long afternoon we had" "I'd be happy to hang out with you tomorrow though if you'd like" I asked nervously "of course that be nice link me" Nikki replies as she walks out the door.

Hey baby I'm back home now, what are we going to do about dinner tonight?, I also have to meet Dr Preston at 7pm. I'm glad beautiful, I missed you but I hope you enjoyed, no problem we will have dinner down in the pack dining room I shouldn't be long and I'll be back. Okay I'll take a quick shower and get changed then. 

I'm all ready to go for dinner just waiting on Lucas to get home now. I'm a nervous wreck though this will be the first time, having dinner with the entire pack and knowing eyes will be on me as I walk in on Lucas's arm and whispers about me only makes it even more nerve racking. Lucas finally gets home I'd watched an entire episode of fbi cases, waiting for him. "Amelia you look as beautiful as ever" planting his soft lips upon mine, wearing a knitted dress that came to my knee the skirt almost a wrap around revealing a little thigh and sinched in at the waist extenuating my new curves, I bought it today with along with the brown ankle boots adding a little height to me "I guess waiting for me to go for food,  I'll take a quick shower and we'll head down I forgot I had training today aswell"  "Okay baby I'll be waiting"

We head down to the dining room although we don't have much time until we have to be with Dr Preston we quickly sit at the table with Mateo, Nathan, his Ma and Da he quickly plates our food out, "Lucas you seem to be running late" "yeh got out of training late it's okay we shall have food and head over" his father nodded at him, his mother changing the subject "you look beautiful Amelia like a True Luna, you'll have to pop to the office and join me some time I'll go through your role and teach you a thing or two about situations these men get us in that more often than not we end up fixing" we giggled at her words while Lucas and Brandon not the least bit impressed. We rushed to finish up food "sorry we can't stay to chat some more but we have an appointment to get to". Lucas ushers us out the door.
###chapter 30 Meeting Dr Preston
The hospital is far bigger than a human hospital, it's huge. As we walk in through the double doors, the smell hits me, the dreaded smell of disinfectant, blood and just illness in general. "ah Lucas my boy, is this her? isn't she phenomenal, she glows, her aura so inviting and gentle, sorry where are my manners I'm Dr Preston but call me Mark this isn't to be formal." "Hi I'm Amelia, nice to meet you" "come in come in" "hows things between you two?" "amazing" we answered in unison "thats great anymore exhaustion?" " no and Amelia was feeling it too" "As I thought neither of you will feel eachother fully or have the full affect of your bond until you Mark eachother, I'm guessing you have already mated?" "yes we have" "I see you do know your body will now push you into heat to be claimed and being unclaimed puts you and great risk as other males will on smell female with no trace of a male so I would advise you mark eachother soon" "anyway I believe you know nothing of your kind of wolf or only what Lucas has explained" I nodded shyly "no need to be shy dear I'm not forcing anything on you I just want to help if you will let me". I nodded again "I would like that thank you" "my pleasure" "now have you been able to do everything as a normal werewolf would? "yes I have but as you can see I'm smaller than most, I'm also pretty flexible, gymnastics has always been a good sport for me. Others don't understand my flexibility and agility." "that's a wonderful thing stick to that it will help your wolf too" "we have read about these special abilities too but I don't have any that I know of if I did how would I know", "thats something I'm not sure about myself, I've been trying to get hold of some contacts who may be able to enlighten me but at the moment I have nothing on that I'm sorry" " we have also learnt of a prophecy which if the prophecy dies the whole race dies with it, which we have our concerns about I can't imagine her not being able to have our pups, neither can she I don't think seen as she mutters on about it in her sleep, sorry beautiful" "yes it is a concern of mine" "I see thats interesting I havn't read about a prophecy, can you tell me where you found it" "The library", "hmm interesting have you got the book" "yes it's back at the packhouse" I answered quickly "could you drop if off tomorrow I'll do some digging then and try and work out what I can from it," saying intriguingly "of course one of us will drop it in thank you" "Mark I expect full discretion of the prophecy until we know more and understand more is that clear" "of course Lucas why would I tell your father that now, he'd be in it for his own gain we both know that, could I take a hair sample for DNA to see if I can find any living relatives or dig up a family tree or something at least and hopefully shed some light on your family" I pull a few stands from the back of my head and hand them to him "is that enough?" "yes more than enough Amelia." " as it stands you are both fit and healthy, I will do some digging and get back to you as soon as I know more is that okay?" "that's perfect Mark thank you very much for your time" "always a pleasure Lucas" we say our good byes and leave the building. 

"How was my little wolfs first day in her new pack?" "I've actually enjoyed I think I even made friends with Nikki, you were right about her energy but she's really nice, I think we'll get on well I'm supposed to be hanging out with her tomorrow" I said with a little excitement. "I'm glad, I thought you might get on with her there's just something about her, she works in the pack nursery from time to time and shows so much love for everyone of them" " her heart is in the right place thats the main thing" "how about we get back snuggle up on the sofa and put a film on?"  "nothing could sound better right now baby, oh I almost forgot, walking down the stairs earlier to meet Nikki and Nathan this strange boy stopped me and mentioned me being the future luna and congratulated us, I didn't think anything of it at the time and just said thank you, but thinking about it, it is a little weird right with me not officially introduced or anything" Lucas lets out a growl and his eyes black, "did I say something wrong?"
###chapter 31 Locking her out
As I pace back and forth in my living room waiting for Mateo and Nathan to get here to come up with something. I knew as soon as the words started to come out, he knows and he's in the know from someone but who and how? Nobody really knows anything, I can't trust anyone around here, although he didn't threaten her, I know it's a threat from the information I already know, does he know I know? So many things going through my head my blood boiling, I start to feel less control by the minute, "Lucas I don't understand, you've rushed me in here, your angry but I don't know why? your pacing back and forth isn't going to help anything" "Amelia please, your in danger and I don't know how to play this, I'd quite happily rip his head off now but that isn't going to look good for a future alpha to rip off his present future Gammas head now is it and as far as most this pack knows it would be over a pathetic argument at the club just go to bed and I'll let you know everything in the morning" I needed her safe and she's worried, I can tell she's also extremely confused. "Lucas I am your mate if I am in danger so are you! now you either let me stay here and know what the hell is going on here or you clearly underestimate me as your mate, I'm not as weak as you think" She yelled firmly, luckily these walls are soundproof but she'd taken me back by her own rage but at me, "Amelia I just can't have anything happen to you please do as your told and go to bed" she storms out slamming the bedroom door as she exits, I'm gonna have to make it up to her right now she needs rest. I need her to co operate, I can't think with her questioning me, acting all authorative, not gonna lie it's kind of a turn on if I say so myself. It's different to the sweet, submissive little Amelia, either way I loved her but I'd love to see her domination in the bedroom it sounds exciting. **Lucas your trailing your thoughts get to the matter at hand. I don't think you should have been so harsh on her though I think you really hurt mate, she's always been treated as weak and incapable and you just reinforced that yourself. I'm not helping you out on that front you can grovel for all I care if you cost me my mate because of your insecurities you will pay.** Damon was right and I knew it I just don't know how else to protect her at the moment I need to think, I need a plan, I need him gone! 

Mateo and Nathan come in to the room. "you okay bro what's up?" "He knows she's here, he knows it's Amelia she needs to stay protected we need to do something about this" I feel my anger burning up again "you need to calm down where is Amelia now?"  "I've sent her to bed she needs to rest and I need to keep her safe" "fuck Lucas you can't just throw her in the bedroom, she has every right to know what the hell is going on here and it concerns her what do think your doing shutting her out" "I just don't know what to do right now" "what actually happened?" "he stopped her on the stairs on her way to meet Nathan and said something about her being the next Luna and congratulated us" "so didn't make any direct threats?" "he touched her god damn it and he knew she would tell me meaning it's to get to me and she's a pawn in this game" "Lucas you realise you need to inform your father and at the moment he has no reason to make him rogue so this leaves us in a sticky situation" Nathan informed me of what I already knew but coming from him aswell just made me feel worse almost defeated before anything really began, I let out a large sigh "I know". "Lucas I'm going to check on your mate seen as your a dick and probably feels like your punishing her for something she didn't do, she's my Luna too you know"  Mateo muttered angrily and disappeared into my bedroom. "I'm only trying to keep her safe Nathan I just don't know how I can even think of letting her out of my room at this point I'm scared.""I get it but you can't keep her locked up and certainly can't treat her like that locking her away from it is only going to give her a reason to leave, your pushing her away" I sigh hard at his words I even feel my eyes starting to fill at my own actions could cost me my beautiful Amelia "it's okay but you will need to control yourself right now we need to meet your father and mother in the office and explain what we know. I think you should tell Amelia to come with us too so everyone knows where we're at" I nod in dispare. 

**Da , Ma can we meet in the office there's something we need to discuss. Give us half an hour and we'll be there.** 

Mateo and Amelia emerge for the bedroom, her eyes puffy and bloodshot, I hurt her, I really hurt her, I made her cry "We all meet my parents in half hour I'll make a cuppa for the mean time" everyone nods. I make everyone a cuppa, everyone in silence drinking from their cups, the boys sloched in the sofa not uttering a word, Amelia wrapped in a throw, holding her chamomile tea I go sit with her but she seems reluctant to want me near her. "I'm sorry beautiful I..." "what? thought it be okay to shut me out, tell me I'm in danger then keep me away from you where I should be made to feel safe, lock me away like everyone else does because I look weak and fragile. You hurt me, you don't get to just come here and act like nothing happened. A mate is what should make you stronger, you want me to be your Luna but if that's how your gonna treat me when things get a little rough, perhaps you need to rethink who you want as a Luna!"  Okay I really screwed up and I knew her words were true I should have never reacted as I did "Amelia I panicked I didn't mean to hurt you, I just want to protect you, I can't imagine being without you, I love you beautiful" "Lucas I love you too but that doesn't make it okay to treat me like you have". She went back to drinking her tea, without even indicating for me to comfort her. 
###chapter 32 Coming up with a plan
The four of us waited in the office for Da and Ma, we sat in silence. When they walk in all eyes on them, ***"you could here a pin drop in here whats going on?"*** my mother frowned knowing something was seriously up to be called at this time. ***"well other than your son upsetting our future Luna, it's Jackson"*** Mateo spat at me. ***"What about Jackson?" "we have received intel he's plotting against Lucas, he's currently trying to build a rebellion, he wants Lucas's title" "See your mother and I said he was a no good waste of space. Who's this intel coming from?"*** bowing my head in shame, not only have I hurt my Luna but my father was right about Jackson and rubbed it in my face at that ***"Levi one of the up and coming warriors, he's kind of our informant" " I see, so far what to we have?"*** Da looking intrigued while my mother has worry written all over her face. Perhaps I should have come clean when I knew, feeling defeated ***"hes trying to gather up a rebellion but he is reaching out to another pack but we don't know which one as of yet, he plans to waiting for Lucas to official take over. To top it off he has found an abandoned building in which he will leave to when he feels the time is right so the rebellion can be together"*** Mateo exclaims ***"worst thing is he knows it shouldn't be too long before he takes over seen as he's already spoken to Amelia, she didn't know who he was in all fairness and he didn't threaten her directly either just asked if she was the next Luna and  congratulated us which could make things a little more complicated for him or send him into panic making him that more dangerous"*** feeling my blood coming to boiling point again ***"okay, when did this happen and how would he know about her it hasn't been released yet" "that's where we have no idea" "she's a pawn and he's playing some game, we have no reason to make him rogue at the moment either"  "that we don't, I wouldn't recommend it either but I do like how you've been keeping this, as it stands just keep in touch with your informant and try to follow leads."*** my father explains ***"Amelia are you okay in all this? and what was it that Lucas did to upset you earlier?"*** I see her bow her head at my mothers words ***"I feel okay, he just shut me off that's all Luna nothing I can't handle myself"*** Amelia explains shyly ***"Amelia shutting you off, he told you to go to bed for crying out loud when he should have been comforting you"*** Mateo informed everyone angrily ***"Lucas that is no way to treat your mate, it's no wonder she's ice cold towards you right now" "she needed rest and I thought it might have been the right thing to protect her, I didn't think at the time, I'm sorry"*** my mother giving me a stern look ***"you should be sorry, Amelia sorry about my sons behaviour I thought I raised him better but how would you proceed?"*** she was right she did raise me better I let my rage blind me. ***"I'd waiting for further information from the informant, ask who is involved with with rebellion and devise a plan from the information we receive also a back up plan if information is not accurate"*** I look over at Amelia astonished with everything that came out, as if she was born to lead. ***"Spoken like a true Luna"*** my mother proceeded ***"so does anyone have any questions?" "Amelia's safety"*** I said sternly ***"she will be accompanied by either one of you three if she's not busying herself with Ava. Are we all understood now?"*** my father preceeded, everyone nods in unison. ***"Good now time to get some rest. I'll see everyone tomorrow."***

Me and Amelia get back to our room. ***"Amelia I'm sorry I shouldn't have acted the way I did, my anger took over please can you stop being so cold with me"*** shamefully admitting ***"Lucas you pushed me away, I was scared and wanted to know what was going on and you shout at me to get to bed like a child"*** her voice croaky as if she's holding back the tears making me feel like the worst mate ever ***"I realise that now, how can I make it up to you" "Lucas it's been a long day/evening. I'm going to watch fbi files to try and calm down abit before bed" "would you like me to make you a tea and get some biscuits? or would you like a bath?" "tea and biscuits will be fine I had a bath while you told me to go to bed"*** I sigh feeling helpless ***"Amelia how many times do I need to apologise" "It's fine I just want to watch a little TV and calm down before bed if you don't mind"*** I nod in dispare, **what did you do Luc, you hurt my mate real bad and she's right you did underestimate her, and her plan was perfect.** Damon just adding his two pence in. I probably would have tried to work out a way to get rid of him but her no not at all she wants to face it head on and go with a tactical approach. I make her a tea and sit down on the sofa with her, she wraps herself in the blanket, engrossed in her series. 

Half way through the second episode I realise, she's almost sleeping, I lean over her and ask ***"would you like me to carry you to bed your falling asleep beautiful"*** she just nods. As I carry her bridal style to bed she nuzzles her head into my chest almost to find her comfort. I place her on the bed and lay next to her. Amelia shuffles herself towards me and lays her head on my chest, she needed me, she needed my warmth and comfort, I could have lost her, I got to try to be better at this. ***"Good night beautiful, I love you"*** planting a kiss on her head this is no time for sex, we just needed comfort. ***"I love you too"*** she whispered.

###chapter 33 Guilty
I wake up to the smell of what I believe is waffles cooking, and Lucas not in bed. I start to think to myself was I a little too cold last night, I can't of been he hurt me, real bad, he can't just toss me around how ever he feels like, I have feelings too. I wipe the sleep from eyes and stretch out my body. I slept well considering the circumstances, heading out of the bedroom to find Lucas making waffles in just his boxers, ***"Good morning beautiful, waffles be ready in just a tick"*** happily, he's in a good mood this morning not sure im feeling the same. ***"thank you"*** I answered sweetly. ***"Your in a good mood" " I am indeed" "what's on the schedule today?" "Firstly breakfast, then Mateo, Nathan and the informant Levi will be joining us to discuss any further information and what we need" "I have training just after lunch then I should be free for the day so I was thinking we could head out somewhere"*** He's definitely feeling guilty. ***"sounds like a plan then".*** As we eat breakfast and chat about what do we intend on doing about the whole Jackson thing and what the end result could be, Mateo and Nathan arrive. ***"sorry guys didn't realise you were still eating ignore us and carry on."*** 

We finish up food and chat with the guys more about what we needed to find out about his plans and how we intend on pursuing. Levi finally joins us after what seems to been a while now. ***"Sorry I'm late Alpha, Jackson called a meeting"*** bowing his head hoping for forgiveness ***"it's okay, take a seat" "anything you have to report on the matter"*** Mateo speaks out abruptly ***"Mateo no need to be like that now was there"*** I scowled leaving Mateo looking sheepish. ***"Thank you, you must be the future Luna of this pack, Jackson now has to try and speed his plans up and is calling more training now"*** he sighed. ***"He has some support of another pack still reluctant to say what pack but I've heard him mention the name Haisley alot not sure if that means anything to you guys, another thing he has plans to retreat from the pack soon. Although I can't give you an exact timescale on that."*** Shit we don't want him to leave so soon we need more information and The black shadow pack are involved, thats just great news just what I wanted to hear I went on to ask ***"are there any pack members you can give me the names of, so we can keep an eye on them and their actions? also you mentioned the plans on leaving soon, how are you ment to give us information? or are you doing this to gain information from us? how do we know we can trust you?"*** I press on ***"I'm risking my life just sitting here with you lot isn't that enough? I also won't be leaving when he leaves""*** Levi exclaims ***" what so you can stick around and feed information back"*** Lucas shouted ***"actually yes there are 8 of us who are sticking behind in order to feedback information and routines since he will be leaving he will need information but I can give false information, in order to protect you, I will do a blood oath now if you have any doubt in me"*** for some reason I didn't doubt him, he didn't have to be here giving this information and doesn't mean we need to feed anything back to him he gains nothing in return so what harm could it do. ***"if you give me a pen and paper I can give you names of the ones I know that are apart of this rebellion"*** I hand him a note pad and pen ***"thank you levi you may leave once you have completed that and be on your way don't make yourself suspicious and Thank you"*** I appreciate  his support but don't want to seem weak either ***"Yes Luna thank you, Also congratulations to you both I can already tell you we will already have an amazing Luna here."*** suggesting gratefully.

After everyone had left for training I sat in our room, flicking through channels and deciding what to watch to occupy my boredom while Lucas was busy we were ment to be going out later so I just didnt know what to do with my time, Nikki said she would see me today wonder if she had an hour spare to catch up but then I didn't know what she liked other than clothes, fashion, make-up and so forth, perhaps she could help me get ready for when Lucas got back so we could go out for abit but didn't know what his plans were did he want to go somewhere out of the pack or just for a run with Damon and Tara. I'll just ask Nikki to help im sure she'll be okay with it.

**Nikki any chance your free? 
Yeh for about half hour before I have to head to the nursery one of the girls needs cover, why what's up? 
Could you come and give me a hand to get ready Lucas is taking me out but I don't know where or to do what so I was hoping you'd be able to help with a good all rounder. 
no problem your fashion guru is on her way. 
Thanks**

Nikki arrives in her excited manner, she has so much energy I don't know where she stores it all. ***"Hey girl, sorry to have bothered you I just really don't know what to wear or what to do with my hair just thought I'd ask you plus I don't know anyone else here"*** I blush ***"it's okay I'm more than happy to help, I usually have Fridays free so maybe you could come hang with me and one of my mates that's only if you can, just to you know get to know some people around here."*** she offered generously ***"thank you Nikki I might just take you up on that offer"*** I replied ***"so we know nothing about what your doing where your going, so safe bet usually I'd go with a nice pair of jeans, some pumps, a nice top and blazer that way you can look pretty much the part for anything. Let's have a look what we have, dark skinny jeans, white pumps and blazer with a black crop top with spaghetti straps will look nice".***  handing me the clothes looking through my hair things ***"come along I'll give you some waves then I better be going, sorry I can't stay a little longer."*** my hair looks beautiful with beachy waves, she always knows what will look best, I've have done soft curls but the waves finish up the look nicely. ***"Thank you Nikki, your a star"*** I insist while checking out my hair ***"no worries I'll catch you soon enjoy your date"*** I'll try thinking to myself while she's smiling like a Cheshire cat as she exits the room. I hope he won't be too long now frowning to myself. 

I've been here a day and half and so much has happened already, I'm mated, I got a new friend, large shopping spree I would have never had this in my old pack but now My old pack are working with the enemy Jackson, I don't know who's involved or to what degree but this is going to be a bumpy ride Tara offering some confort. I'll just have to enjoy my date with Lucas and hopefully push everything aside. 

###chapter 34 An invitation 
Lucas wonders into the room happily ***"beautiful I see you're ready for our date, I just need a shower for obvious reasons, I'll get some clothes on and we'll head out"*** showing himself full of mud from training, ***"okay, can I ask what we plan on doing?" "You'll see soon enough"*** letting out a big grin, how come he's so happy today, he was extremely angry yesterday what changed over night? I couldn't ask I didn't want to ruin his mood. As he ready's himself I go and make myself a quick drink. 

Lucas and I were heading out of the pack and towards town, still trying to puzzle where on earth we were going? we come across an old Inn. As we pull into the car park, Lucas smiles even more. ***"There is really nice food here, and they do a mixture of cuisine so it's basically a good all rounder." "okay, your bringing me for dinner?"*** stating the obvious ***"yes now come Amelia"*** As we get the the front desk, Lucas starts talking to the waiter, ***"table under Silverstone, yeh sir come this way."*** I uttered and they ushered us out the the garden area, how beautiful it is here trying to take it all in, in all it's glory. I notice there isn't any tables laid out so where we're we going I see a small gazebo and two others already seated, as we get closer I see it's Nina and Rich. What are they doing here? I ask myself ***"It's lovely to see you little one, how is everything and yes this was organised by Lucas because you and him couldn't make it to dinner last night and he doesn't want to you or us to miss time isn't that cute of him".*** Actually it was, he could have just left it but no he always take others into consideration too. ***"Thank you Lucas" "your most welcome beautiful, anything to see my girl happy, I don't want to drag you away from your family, family is important and special I don't want to change anything you have outside of me."*** We sit and order food and have a catch up, although I do feel a little intense to say the least, He knows the danger that Jackson holds right now and we know virtually nothing of his attack plans or if any of the information this Levi is giving us is true, what if we are putting Nina and Rich at risk too by seeing them. So much going on and I can't even tell them about it they will only want me to wrapped in bubble wrap. I try to control my thoughts and get back to enjoying the time we have with the two people I look to as parents reminding myself just how much I missed them. 

Our desert comes out and of course it's as stunning as the starter and main meal, ***"this place has one amazing chef I must say"*** as I tuck into my ice cream and chocolate cake. ***"Amelia darling you seem distracted is there something bothering you"*** I hear Nina's sweet prying voice ***"Not at all Nina just alot of changes in a short time, I'm still adapting."*** I attempt to reassure her ***"of course you will be it's not everyday everything happening at once"*** I nod  thankfully it paI'd off and tuck back into my cake. As we all finish up Lucas asks for the bill and card machine and pays everything off after Rich said he would be splitting the bill, ***"You got the next meal it's my fault we missed you yesterday so I'll pay and you get the next"*** Rich nodded in agreement even if he did look a little insulted by Lucas's gesture, but both men left a hefty tip. we head out front and go our seperate ways as we said our goodbyes and headed out Nina's final words ringing in my ears ***"your glowing darling don't worry about a thing I see he's very protective of you but if you do need a break from time to time your always welcome to come over you know that" "thank you it means alot"***  she pulls me in tight almost to say I know somethings bothering you I'm here if you need me I love them so much ***"see you soon guys thank you for joining us"*** Lucas uttered. We head away back towards the pack. 

As we get back to the packhouse Lucas looks uneasy about something, ***"Lucas what's bothering you?" "nothing just Da linked me while we were out he wants to see us both now so I'm just wondering whats so important if I'm honest"*** curiosity creeping in while he lets a frown come over his gorgeous face. ***"Okay, it's fine we see your Da then head up and watch a film and snuggle up for the rest of the day/evening"*** smiling warmly at him to try and ease his tension and the pure perfection he is. ***"sounds good, no disturbances or distractions just us yeh"*** almost questioning whether or not I'd be inviting anyone ***"of course Lucas why would anyone want to interrupt"*** he sighed came around my side where he helps me out the car like the true gentleman he is, ***"let's get this over with"*** I hear him muttering to himself. 

***"So we are to accompany you to an event this weekend? thats all this is about?""*** both mine and Lucas minds put to rest. ***"As the future Alpha and Luna of this pack it is important you show your faces to make yourselves known. We leave Friday morning."*** Brandon commanded. ***"This isn't just about showing your face this is an action of you will not let your problems at the pack interfere with your duties its a statment towards Jackson, I will let you know the schedule of the weekend on the way."*** His mother added generouly, Lucas is annoyed he called him to the office for this but atleast his father was happy for him to introduce me, I've never had that kind of thing before a surprise event sounded good to me. I'm excited and nervous all at the same time, apparently it's for a mating ceremony for an alliance pack. ***"Lucas this will be fun, I've never done anything like this, it sounds amazing"*** I insisted ***"Fine we'll go on one condition, I get free time from now until we leave to spent some time with Amelia"*** smiling at his Da, ***"Fine, you may but you will need to mark her before long you can't just keep her wondering around unmarked, it puts her in danger and you know it."*** both of us knew it will need to be done soon ***"I will only mark her when we are both ready".*** Silence hit the room that is until his Ma butted in ***"come on boys give it a rest, Lucas enjoy some quality time with Amelia and Brandon let's get a hot drink"*** trying to ease the tension. His father was right though I did need to be marked but I still wasn't sure if I was ready for that, time will tell ***"By the way can you organise a higher security while we are away I dont want to come back with half our pack gone."*** his father added, we just nodded in agreement. 

The quality time spent together did wonders, Damon and Tara got to spend some time together too, it made them both alot more content, we spent our time cooking and baking together, and just enjoying our company. Time flew by and we were already on our way to the other pack for a ceremony there was a long drive ahead so Lucas, his Da and his Da's chief warrior would share the driving. Lucas took the first round of driving so he could cuddle up to me the rest of the way, once he jumped back to cuddle me, I could feel the sparks of his touch returning after last night safe to say we didn't get a whole lot of sleep, my body still slightly aching and my lips sore, his hand caressing my thigh just starting to arouse me again and blushing knowing everyone in the car would have smelt it with their sense of smell, he sent me a wink and says ***"later beautiful".*** I felt my face flushing crimson red at his remark with everyone in the car but I just didn't want to wait until later I wanted him now, this man knows exactly how to keep me hanging, I loved it and hated it all at once. He's all I'll ever need for the rest of my life, I plant my head on his chest and nuzzle around to find my comfort spot and he places his cheek resting on my hair and plants a gentle kiss, I feel myself relaxing, and slowly getting heavier. 
###chapter 35 Our arrival
***"Beautiful you need to start waking up we're only around 20 minutes away now"*** I rub my eyes and begin to realise I'd slept more or less the whole way.  ***"I've slept for 6 hours solid and you didn't wake me" "Why would I? you need beauty sleep my darling especially after last night, you feeling better?"*** giving me reassurance it was fine. ***"Actually I am, thank you baby"*** I actually was I had no soreness, no aches I felt perfect, even more so that I was in Lucas's arms. As I straighten myself out everyone notices I'm awake, ***"have a good sleep Amelia? you must have needed that you look far more alert"*** making me consider had they all been just watching me at some point feeling a little conscious. ***"yes thank you, I didn't even think I needed that much"***  I was lying after last night's sex I definitely needed it ***"I'm glad, Lucas is quite the gentleman holding you all the way"*** I wrap my arms around Lucas ***"he is, quite the man you have raised here" "Thank you".*** We head down a dirt track, quite bumpy I'm glad he woke me before this, I think I'd have shit myself. 

I see a large building in the distance was seemed like only one building standing alone with a few others in a further distance, I stare in awe, it's massive, like 5 times bigger than our pack house and it's stunning, old stone walls almost like a castle, ***"this is amazing"*** I whisper to myself. Lucas must have heard me, ***"I know it's impeccable but the whole pack lives there and the further buildings are shops and few restaurants and that" "do they do it for safety?" "yes and they like to all be together it's how they have always ran this place so they know no different really"*** shrugging his shoulders. 

As we pull up in front of the house we are greeted by 3 smartly dressed men, ***"Good evening, Glad you could make it on such short notice," "we wouldn't miss it now would we"*** Da replied ***"Can we take anything to your rooms Alpha Silverstone"*** I find myself thinking of the endless possibilities of this place ***"yes they are in the trunk labelled, for you thank you very much, here"***  handing over a tip as we walk towards the large building, both excited and nervous the same time, I'd never been to anything like this or ever imagined going to one to be honest. Inside the doors is gorgeous creams and golds throughout the entrance with a large double staircase meeting in the middle heading to more stairways, alike. I just couldn't believe my eyes it was magnificent. ***"Hey dude, congratulations finally getting your mate" "yeh was about time only waited a year and half, I see you found yours too congratulations both of you whens your ceremony?"*** I see the nervousness in Lucas ***"not sure yet I want her fully ready before I take her completely"*** I feel the relief I don't think I'm ready either ***"you know what they say if you don't mark her soon she'll go into heat making you mark her" "I can hold I think, anyway Amelia this is Cole future Alpha of the Mayback pack and Cole this is Amelia my one and only."*** my eyes widen with his words I hope he can control himself  ***"Lovely to meet you Amelia, I hope he's looking after you and all your beauty I've never seen anyone quite so striking other than my mate of course"*** taking my hand and pecking the back, felt quite revolting if I'm honest, gentlemanly but revolting just have me a really cold feeling, only Lucas was to touch me he is my mate not this man feeling myself trying to resist showing any emotion towards it. ***"nice to meet you too"*** I smiled politely not knowing what else to say. ***"Lucas, Amelia these men will escort you to your room, I hope you have a lovely stay with us, Dinner will be at 7.30"*** I whispered ***"thank you"*** while Lucas just nods his head.

We are get to our room which is even decorated with creams and golds, four poster bed with gold silk sheets, sitting area with a cream fabric sofa, and small coffee table, it's perfect. I remember the feeling I had when Cole touched me which turned me cold. ***"Amelia you look lost here, everything okay?"*** Lucas looking over me concerned. ***"I'm okay I was just feeling sick and revolted when Cole kissed my hand"*** Lucas laughed, ***"thats normal beautiful it means your body will only ever respond to my touch no other male" "that maybe but I didn't like it and I would kindly ask you to refrain from allowing other men touching me in such manner again" "your wish is my command beautiful but for now we only have an hour until dinner and it's formal so I think we need to head for a shower and get ourselves ready"*** sending a wink my way. Oh god I know what that means and my body already reacting to him I feel my arousal creeping in, and the sparks already setting off my nerve endings. I strip off before he could even ask me to join pulling him along with me ***"So my Amelia is feeling little naughty too"*** I press my lips into him and whisper, ***"was it that obvious"*** he turns the shower, while I deepen the kiss letting my tongue in evade him, we step into the shower without breaking our kiss, letting his hands wander and caress my skin, sending electricity through my body, I feel him cupping my breasts and squeezing hard and firmly on my nipples, letting moans escape breaking our kiss, he plants kisses down my neck and across my collar and down when he finally reaches my nipple sucking and nibbling hard enough to make me pant and moan for more. I reach my hand down and start to stroke his member while he leans back in for a deep kiss, he lets out a little moan, ***"Amelia your perfect"*** he whispers, I come to my knees slowly licking the tip of his now rock hard member which barely fit my hands with it's thickness, I start to take him in my mouth gently sucking while moving my head with the rhythm, as I start to ease in a little more I take him deeper, as far as I could without chocking, Lucas screaming ***"fuck Amelia"*** pushing my head further into him feeling his pulsating cock close to his release I take him faster and harder making him moan and pant, while releasing himself down my throat, he tastes magnificent as always he pulls me up and turns me to the shower wall parting my legs slightly bending me over grabbing my hips tightly while steady my hands on the wall, with one thrust he pounds straight in hard and deep making me scream with the pleasure overcoming me, he starts pounding hard and fast, I hear my cheeks slapping against his body, my orgasm already building at this man's cock, I feel myself trying to hold on, ***"Cum for me Amelia, don't hold back"*** the sound of his voice only adding to my pleasure making me pant and moan louder and, before I could even think to hold off with one final thrust I feel myself tighten and contract around his cock releasing my juices with it, letting out a scream of pleasure, I felt amazing, he felt amazing, ***"Good girl I love it when you cant contain yourself makes me want to do it all over again but for now we can't we always have later to make up for it"*** my body tembling at his words almost inviting him for more, I wanted more, I needed more, I needed Lucas. 
###chapter 36 Trouble always follows
We head down for dinner, Lucas in a navy suit, white shirt, while I wear a burgundy fitted formal long dress, with a deep v neckline, Lucas was nervous  with me next to him as I hadn't been marked, although he already expressed he had the most beautiful woman on his arm, was proud when people looked over at us with jealousy in their eyes. I think he was quite enjoying it, we sat our table accompanied by Ma, Da, Evan, Cole and his mate Jessie, she was beautiful, long black locks, slender figure and Hazel eyes and you could see she only had eyes for Cole. Chatting away through dinner I thought I'd start giving Lucas a little something to keep him on edge, eating my food in certain ways, teasing him with every mouth full and licking my lips inbetween. **Amelia are you playing games with your Alpha you know how dangerous this could be.** A smirk coming across his face as his link comes to mind. **I'm not sure what your on about baby, but I do like games what you want to play,** sending a wink his way. **Amelia my beautiful Luna, you know you can't win this. Can I not** I slide my hand on to his thigh under the table keeping it discreet, I start to caress and squeeze slightly, also feeling his boxers getting tighter as his member starts growing **Amelia, your such a naughty girl you wait until later. I'll show you naughty if you want naughty,** feeling him become tense under my touch trying not to react, swallowing deep to keep his composure. **oh goddess I love you beautiful. I love you too baby. *"There will be a ball starting at around 9 o'clock until late so they're trying to push dinner out quickly so they can rotate the room once dinner is over."*** I actually really liked the sound of that, me and Lucas dancing together, just hope he can dance. I'm loving every minute of this trip so far, everything taken care of and even better Lucas doesn't leave my side just where I wanted him, Ava and Brandon seem really relaxed too enjoying eachother company away from pack duties. Evan just hovering over his with a stern look, ready to pounce on someone, hes a good bodyguard I must give it to him. 

With food over and the room turned around champagne being handed out left, right and centre, it was a lovely atmosphere, Lucas knew so many people from different packs, I couldn't keep up with who was who, they all seemed lovely. I'm guessing these are packs that all have some business together, they all seem to get along really well. I let Lucas know I'm popping to the toilet, Evan followed with a command from Lucas. I go into the ladies toilet get on with my business and freshen up, I look in the mirror to see someone staring over my shoulder, ***"Haisley what the you doing here?" "I'm the one who should be here not you skank,"*** slapping me across the face leaving a sting. ***"Enjoy while you can it won't last, that I promise" "Jelousy won't get you anywhere we are true mates and that cant be changed by anyone" "your not marked so at the moment you need to think whether or not he thinks your worth marking and it's easily taken out of your hands that way"*** *Knock Knock* ***"Amelia are you okay in there your taking a while"*** shit if I don't hurry up he will barge in here ***"just a second I'll, be right there" "over my dead body will he ever accept an ungrateful spoilt little brat like you, you don't deserve a mate at all"*** trying to control my anger ***"over your dead body sounds good"*** letting out a laugh as I turn on my heel and head out the door. ***"Amelia what happened in there you cheek is red" "nothing I couldn't handle let's go have some fun"***, with a nervous smile across my face trying to shake off what had just happened I'd never stood up to anyone before other than the time Lucas pushed me aside but that was different I actually confronted someone, feeling proud of myself but all the more nervous I have a red mark, Lucas is sure to notice. 

***"Hey beautiful you were gone too long" "sorry got a little caught up with something"*** shrugging it off, Lucas face changed instantly ***"what happened and why is your cheek red?"*** letting out a growl. Well that didn't take long to notice ***"It's nothing Lucas leave it let's not spoil tonight I will tell you about it later but right now I want to dance"*** grabbing his hand to come dance with me, couple of hours went by and we were preparing to leave, I loved every minute of being with him, holding him dancing to my surprise he can actually dance. We mingled a little more and spoke to few more people who I already forgot, now lurking over me was her face in the mirror, I had to explain to Lucas who is going to be fuming with me for not saying anything straight away, this is going to change his mood completely as if he couldn't be angrier with me for not telling him yet he's gonna explode when I say she's here. letting a frown come across my face ***"Come Amelia lets get you back, you need some rest I thought we'd head out for a run in the morning after breakfast so it's going to be a long day for us and we head back Sunday so rest while you can beautiful"*** saying firmly I could tell he wasn't letting it slip. I sigh hard and nod. 

We get back to the room and Lucas puts the kettle on and makes my tea and himself a coffee but weak seen as we needed sleep we had 2 long days ahead of us. ***"Amelia beautiful can you please tell me what happened now it's eating me up inside."*** I sigh hard and pause before telling him the story  without mentioning it was Haisley and I could see his face changing more and more the further I explained, trying to contain his anger but he also looked kinda proud of the way I handled it. ***"So who was this girl then I wouldn't have thought anyone here would have done anything like that I will make a formal complaint in the morning"*** I'm gonna have to say or every woman here will be questioned ***"that's the thing you can't because it was... Haisley... she's here" 

His whole temperament changed from calm and collected on the way I handled the situation to, ***"you should have said sooner, you know she's working with him and you left yourself in a dangerous situation Amelia. How could you be so careless, didn't you think about what she could have done to you?" "Lucas I am still here, I am not a child, I handled the situation as I seen fit you can't keep someone stuck to me every minute, I appreciate you are worried I do, but I also can't be watched every second it isn't possible."*** I see his face go from angry to desperate almost as if he's going to cry, ***"Amelia please, don't hide these things and try not to get yourself in these situations again I can't live without you by my side, you make me who I am not the way I was raised you make me want to be a better person, friend, mate, an even better Alpha and in the future a better father than you and I ever had, I love you Amelia"*** he begins to sob I just bring him into my chest ***"I love you too baby, me and you against the world".***

Last night we just cuddled up and went to bed, emotions ran high before bed, we just needed to hold eachother and be with eachother, just pure love between us, we needed to feel close, we needed to relax, we needed eachother. We fell asleep in eachothers arms just laying there silently drifting off the sleep. Lucas kept hold of me more or less the whole time after the antics although we never seen Haisley at all other than when I did I wasn't sure if she supposed to be there or not. We met with his father before getting ready for the ceremony, we explained everything to him, of course patting me on the back ***"well done for standing your ground".*** The pack held dinner early to allow enough time to prepare for the ceremony and after party and then their first run as a fully mated/married couple, also they will be taking the title as Alpha and Luna the same time so it will be their first run as leaders of the pack also. I'm a little apprehensive on how this evening is going to go especially after last night, Lucas is not gonna leave my side at any given point, I can tell how worried he is, he's also informed Mateo and Nathan through link with the update and to ensure everything is all good back home. 

The ceremony so beautiful, golds and whites everywhere were all seated waiting for Jessie to arrive, Cole inpatiently waiting pacing back and forth like any nervous groom. As she entered the filled room and a harp playing in the background setting the scene, it was perfect every little detail, her dress ivory and gold detailing similar to my birthday dress except her was an aline wedding dress. perfect for the occasion. as they pledge their oaths lucas leans into me, ***"that will be us soon beautiful" "I can't wait baby"*** pecking him on the cheek. Both Cole and Jessie disappeared to complete the next step of the ceremony as we all stayed, danced and mingled for a while. Lucas stuck to me like glue, he must have caught a glimpse of Haisley as he gripped me tighter, ***"do not leave my side beautiful"*** I give him a deeper kiss than intended ***"never baby"*** sending a wink to lighten the mood. Cole and Jessie got back to everyone where Alpha Mayback announced it was time, Tara was bouncing to come out, back to her playful self, and more than happy to come out seen as we didn't get our promised run this morning, Lucas was abit up tight and reluctant. Cole shifted first, he's a big wolf but no where near the size of Lucas, then Jessie and the rest of us followed suit Damon and Tara were like puppies finally freed to roam, they hunted and played alot before actually settling down together muzzle to muzzle. 

After a late night we were both exhausted and ready for bed. We had another long drive ahead of us tomorrow meaning we needed to catch some rest, as much I wanted Lucas inside me, sending me in to oblivion neither of us had the energy and just needed sleep. We just went to sleep in eachother arms. 

What a trip were almost home, ***"I hope you enjoyed your first trip as future Luna"*** Da spoke, ***"I loved it thank you for asking us to accompany you." "We had to make a statement now my boy has found his mate. It will yours and Lucas before long and you think they did a good party darling they got nothing on this pack"*** everyone nodding in agreement. I see the pack house in the distance and it hit me. Home sweet home the mayback pack is lovely but it wasn't home. This is my home.
###chapter 37 Confrontation
Happy to be back in the pack, although I'd had a busy few days since being back catching up with pack news and some paperwork to catch up on. I also updated Mateo and Nathan on the Amelia and Haisley situation. They had no news from Levi while I was away either, things taking far too long to report back I do have a list of people joining the rebellion, my father also aware of the individuals on the list so they kept an eye on at all times, but nothing suspicious reported as of yet. Amelia is now accompanied at all times even when in our room I can see she's getting fed up with it all but I have to put her safety first. I can't lose her, she's my everything, I love her I'd be a lost cause or even dead without her, I just hope she realises that letting a sigh escape me. **Hey baby I start with your mother tomorrow on some Luna training I can't wait to actually doing something.** Hearing the excitement through our link just melted my heart she's gonna be amazing, hell she is already amazing. **You sound excited beautiful. Well of course I get to be with the woman who raised the man I have for a mate and I also get to learn more about what my role will be, what's there not to be excited about. oh Amelia you amaze me everyday I love you. I love you too baby.** 

I have training shortly then I'll be free to spend my evening with my darling Amelia, think I'll take her for a run and let Tara and Damon have a little time together, **yes Lucas I need to see mate it's been too long. I agree you've been stroppy so hopefully you'll lighten up abit. thank you you haven't been in the best frame of mind either, mate will protect Amelia I promise, I think we need to get a gymnasium sorted for Amelia though she hasn't done anything since being here.** Damon suggested and I agreed she hasn't had anywhere to practice or let herself be free, perhaps we could actually see her perform too which would be amazing my member slightly twitching as the thought of her performing infront of me, in a skin tight leotard. I will see what I can sort after training and get something organised soon for her she deserves nothing but the best. 

Training went well I'm pushing myself to each limit I can feel my strength, speed and tactics getting better by the day now. ***"Top form Alpha, how is your sweet mate doing she okay? I didn't get a chance to congratulate you officially I wish you the best of luck for the future"*** his face so smug giving me a pat on the shoulder, anger soaring through me keeping myself from growling and snapping while Damon trying to push forward to take over. ***"she's perfect and thank you"*** is all I could manage before turning away otherwise I'd probably of lost the battle with Damon pounding his way in. **We can't let him know anything Damon. Lucas he wants mate, I feel it he wants what's ours. Keep your cool she's protected at all times.** Damon growls at me in my head, making me feel anxious and knowing he's probably right, **I know we can't have eyes on her every second, but she's always got someone around her.** ***"what was that about?"*** Nathan approached, ***"not sure he asked about Amelia and congratulated me somethings off I just don't know what. I need to mark her soon but I'm still not sure she's ready."*** letting my nerves get the best of me, maybe I should just drop the subject. ***"Amelia will let you know when she's ready you know that"*** patting me on the back, I did know but I'm scared it's going to be too late, if something happens to her I'm gonna lose it. I shake my thoughts and head for a shower. 

***"No I want a gymnasium for gymnastics built for Amelia, with all the equipment and I'll need it soon as" "Lucas what your asking is alot of work for a week." "Are you suggesting you and you team aren't competent or doing this Alan?" "no sir it will be costly though let me know when you need payment for whatever and I'll pay it no matter the cost." "We'll get to it then" "Good Thank you". 

As I make my way to our room I smell spices and hear sizzling almost making my mouth water without even tasting it. I open the door, the aroma hitting me, it's almost melting my taste buds already, Amelia standing over the cooker making us food I signal Trent to leave hes no longer required while I'm home.***"Well this is a surprise, your making dinner for us"  "just because I don't cook doesn't mean I can't baby" "smell delicious what is it?" "southern fried pasta salad with a side of garlic bread, different dips and a bowl of sweet potato fries", "sounds amazing I was going to say I'll lay the table but you've already done that too" "can't I treat my mate after a long day working" " it has been a long day thank you, how was your day and how's the new body guard?"*** I hope their getting on it took me hours to find Trent. ***"he's okay, quiet alot of the time and takes this job very seriously"*** I guessed as much it's what he's trained for and they said when I hired him he isn't very sociable. ***"it's what he's trained for beautiful I'm sure you'll find some common interests between you"*** trying not to let on his mate is into gymnastics too. ***"come baby let's have some dinner"*** as she brings the dishes over to the table returning to get the rest. ***"thank you Amelia this is perfect, after this how do you feel about going for a run leaving Tara and Damon have some time" "That sounds perfect, Tara has been nagging to come out"*** I start to dish some food onto my plate, it smells amazing, as I start to dig into food, the flavours are phenomenal each balancing eachother out, my taste buds tingling with pleasure. This woman can cook ***"goddess you can cook beautiful" "thank you just something I picked up from Nina"*** I can barely stop devouring the food I didn't even get time to speak everything was cooked perfectly, grunting and moaning as I ate, Amelia sat there giggling at me, I loved that giggle, it warmed my heart hearing that sound. As we finished up food I insist on clearing up after all Amelia cooked an amazing meal for me the least I could do was clear up.

We sat on the couch and watched an episode of the fbi files, it was actually growing on me although I wouldn't admit it to the boys, they rip in to me enough now without even telling them I'm enjoying it. ***"You ready for a run beautiful be nice to stretch your legs for abit" "yeh let's go".*** We reach the tree line and strip down ready to shift, my body getting bigger by the day now, Amelia scaning my body with her golden eyes, I bring out a cheeky smirk and quickly shift, as she followed Damon went into a playful demeanour running away then trying to catch Tara gently nipping and rolling around, They both connected on every level as did me and Amelia. Damon is the happiest I've ever seen him until a sound of something, in the distance caught Damon's attention, Tara and him both on high alert. **Amelia do you see anything?  No but I feel something watching us, Tara is ready to go all beast right now. Damon is too.** In the shadows we see a large black wolf approach, it's Jackson but he looked bigger than before not as big as me but bigger. **You two out late aren't you, Damon calm down I'm no threat just yet. What do you mean just yet?** I barely keep myself calm **Lucas at the moment your safe and so is your pretty little thing here, although she does look abit weak for a Luna I'm shocked you got this one with your capability.** Tara snapped aggressively. **Feisty though I see, tick tock enjoy the time you have both of you. Don't worry no need to alert the guards I'm leaving, I'll see you again soon.** With that he disappeared into the woods out of sight **Come Amelia let's get you back.**
###chapter 38 Shaken
We sat down, Amelia clearly shaken up, she wrapped herself up in a blanket while I made us both a hot chocolate with marshmallows. She looks so fragile and pale, she hasn't said a word since we got back. **I told you Lucas he wants mate, you should have let me tear him apart. No Damon, Amelia is scared enough now can you imagine what she would be like if you started tearing shreds into another wolf! you back down until I know we have to.** I hand Amelia her mug and slide next to her and wrap my free arm around her kissing her head. ***"Your safe with me Amelia, I promise you, I will give my life for you to have yours, always" "thank you Lucas I was scared of you losing it and ending up hurt more than anything, but something about him is off I don't know what it is but I could smell something when he came near and it's not pleasant." "Amelia he was masked beautiful you shouldn't have smelt anything from him"*** looking at her puzzled ***"Lucas I could smell something rotting it was sickening"*** seeing the look on her face she's telling the truth. I need to see if Mark knows anything of this. ***"It's okay, I'm here I'm not letting you go."***

**Mark are you busy I just was wondering if you could pop by? I think Amelia has discovered her ability but I'm not sure. 
I'll be right there give me 5.** I head to put the kettle on one tea and 2 coffee's Amelia sitting there a little calmer than before. ***"Amelia, Mark is on his way he wants to check on you if that's okay"*** she nods but doesn't say a word, ***"heres your tea beautiful" "thank you baby"*** is all she managed. 

*knock*knock* ***"Mark thank you for coming on short notice" "My pleasure" "coffee is on the coffee table for you"*** he nods and heads over to sit on the couch. ***"well Amelia how are you feeling you look a little shaken up" "the whole Jackson situation starting to unravel and we were confronted with him tonight"*** I answered while Amelia sat there. ***"I was informed of the situation but tonight seems to come abit of a surprise" "could say that, question is that Jackson was masking himself, I couldn't smell a thing but Amelia here smelt something rotting."*** Amelia continued to not say anything ***"now that is interesting, Amelia has this happened before?" "not that I'm aware of but I never really been around anyone masking themselves"*** with a puzzled look on her face ***"she has been around someone masked before, Haisley the night I first met you in the club she grabbed you and laughed at you, she was masked that night" "I thought the smell was the bins that's why I changed them and took them to the dumpster" "okay, can I just check your vitals and keep them monitored for a short period"*** Amelia nods. **Can you ask mateo to mask himself and come over please.** Mark linked so Amelia wasnt aware. **Of course** Mark wanted to put it to the test to see her true reaction I'm guessing. **Mateo can you please mask yourself and then come to my room, it's a test for Amelia so don't show you've masked yourself. No worries bro be over now.** I just hope it doesn't upset her too much or even scare her just incase it was just the smell of Jackson. Mateo stumbles into the room, I couldn't smell his usual musky scent so he did as he was asked. Amelia's face pale again, she could smell people masking, her vitals reacting to her sense ***"Amelia can you smell him" "not Mateo's normal musky scent but the rotting horrible smell Jackson gave off" "it's true Amelia you can smell people that are masking, you will know when someone is concealing themselves by that scent your body is making you aware of possible danger through scent"*** Mark confirmed with her. ***"That's remarkable Amelia"*** Mateo giving her a high five and they both laugh. My girl found her ability how amazing is she, she knows when someone is masking thats crazy. ***"I do have some news for you both while I'm here"*** Mark said excitedly ***"Amelia, Lucas  you asked me to find a some information regarding Amelia's past now I've gone through endless connections and I've found no luck until now. There is a Fae who knows of your parents and would like to meet you Amelia, rest assured he has allowed Lucas to come along. It's around a 2 hour drive from here but he claims it will be worth the journey." "We don't do dealings with Faes Mark they always want something in return"*** Amelia listening in attentively ***"This one does not it's quite the opposite it is fulfilling his end of a deal apparently and Amelia is in no danger. That is all I'm aware of" "that's amazing thank you, can you make arrangements that we go Saturday please"*** Amelia shot out of the blue, I see the cheesiest grin, okay I'm not getting out of this one. I nod in approval. ***"I'll make the call tomorrow and let you know details then, but right now get some rest and I'll catch you tomorrow." "thank you"*** I whisper as he exits. Mateo also saying his goodbyes and heading out the door. 

***"Lucas I need to go to bed I'm with your mother for the day tomorrow" "of course but first you need to have a bath to relax, I'll run you one now"*** I run my girl a lovely bath with petals, candles all round, soothing aromas, bubbles and some soft music in the background, just what my beautiful girl needed. I carry her bridal style to the bath offer her a towel and leave her to relax. ***"thank you Lucas this is perfect." "your most welcome, now go and relax I'll get your tea and a film ready in bed" "how did I get so lucky baby?"*** she melts my heart she doesn't even see how perfect she really is, ***"I'm the lucky one my Luna"***

Amelia returns from her bath smelling heavenly as usual, tea waiting on her bedside table, and film on pause she heads to the wardrobe, I forgot about clothes. she came out in one of my tee's and a gorgeous pair of my the edge of her cup taking little sips of her tea, savouring every drop of flavour in her mouth, it's almost like watching her in slow motion. She doesn't take her eyes from the TV, while I can't keep my eyes off her beautiful face. Unable to shake my thoughts and lean in for a kiss, I start to deepen the kiss and bring her body closer pressing her into me, I let on hand caress her body while the other fisten into the back of her head. Amelia's arms wrapped themselves around my neck, make my way to her already wet lips, gently rubbing over her sweet spot, making her moan for me. As I slide two finger past her now swollen lips I feel her body jolt in reaction to my entrance, so warm and wet, sliding in and out gently as I pull her in to kiss the same time, leaving her panting for more. This time it wasn't about pounding her, it's about loving her and appreciating every inch of her. ***"your beautiful you know that Amelia, I love you"*** I continue to kiss and satisfy her every need and ache, her moaning and panting becoming more intense I slide her panties off, as well as my boxers and bring her to hover over my now hard member, I let her steady herself over me and let her take what she wanted from me slowly and passionately sliding herself over me, making me start to pant and throb I can feel myself building already as I feel her body pound into me, her hands pushing at my chest, I can feel the sweat on her as I caress her body admiring the view of panting and moaning for me, I can feel her orgasm building up too as she starts to tightening herself around me trying hold back ***"Lucas let go with me, I love you baby"*** I couldn't take anymore anyway I gipped her and brought her crashing into my lips as we both met out release sending us both into oblivion, ***"I love you beautiful".  "I love you too baby"***
###chapter 39 Prepare for the past
The weekend drew upon us fast, I'd spent alot of time with Lucas's Ma, we got on really well, she introduced me to some workers in different departments and places she would help out in when staffing levels were low or if they were just in need to catch up, which was nice. She also went through of the paperwork I would need to organise, luckily it's simple enough, just pack dealings, some letters here and there and proposal forms for business. Mostly pretty straight forward. Explained my role when we were a couple dealing with matters and how to handle certain situations, some things already came second nature to me. I could see why Lucas loves her so much, she's a breath of fresh air calm and collected and so incredible helpful. At times it felt like she was holding back on things but I didn't press if she wanted to share these with me she would, they must be quite personal. She was hoping that Lucas and I would take over in a week or two, his mother believes we will turn the pack around for the better, including better deals and so forth.

I get into the shower letting the steamy water run down my body. Mateo made plans to go out with Lucas and Nathan tonight, so I was having a girly time with Nikki, takeaway, bottle of rhubarb gin Nina gave me on our visit and lemonade, some music and of course the wonderful company of my bodyguard Trent. I was actually getting used to him being around now, I look for him if I can't see him I'm almost like a lost puppy. He was begining to talk abit more too not an awful lot but a little, I'm sure he just doesn't want to be attached at the end of the day I'm a job. I had to respect that nature, as hard as it was. 

*knock *knock* ***"Trent can you get the door please it's probably Nikki" "yes Amelia"*** Nikki comes darting in the room luckily I'd put my clothes on in time. ***"That was close I only just put clothes on"*** she laughed at my words, ***"We are wolves Amelia we see naked people all the time when we shift it's no big deal"*** I never really looked at it that way I just tried to cover myself whenever I could really. ***"I guess your right"*** shrugging my shoulders. ***"What takeaway are we getting I'm starving?"*** Nikki exclaimed holding her tummy. ***"You choose I'm not too fussy I'll eat whatever normally" "okay so how about Indian?"*** her mouth watering as if she already chosen. ***"Yeh I'm cool with Indian"*** I havn't had an Indian since my old pack with Roman. ***"I'll have a chicken madras, pilau rice and a nan bread"*** Nikki giving me her order almost instantly, ***"hold your horses let me get the eats app up first" "sorry I'm just excited, I haven't had a girly night before." "Me neither come to think of it" "it's a first for both of us then, what you gonna get" "I'll be having a chicken balti, pilau rice and some onion bhaji's" "I've never tried that, sounds good" "you can have a taste when it gets here, Trent would you like an Indian?" "no it's okay Amelia thank you very much for your kind offer though" "you sure lucas is paying" "no my mate made me dinner before I came you enjoy girls" "no worries" "food should be here in around half an hour".***

We had a couple of drinks while waiting for food, chatting about news and gossip around the pack, Nikki seems to get to know everything. She even knew about the whole Jackson charade and that was supposed to be low key. Apparently people were looking forward to our take over too, in hope that equality and balance is restored, also minimum wages to be set as it stands some people work for nothing but to be member of this pack. Maybe things I learn from Nikki could help me with my Luna role and sway some changes when Lucas and I take over. I miss him. ***"Amelia he's only gone for a couple of hours with the boys I know that look" "sorry it's just so hard at times, it hurts to be away from him, you'll understand when you find your mate"*** letting a frown creep in. One of the boys brought our food up ***"Your delivery Amelia" "thank you Will, here take this I hope it didn't disturb you" "no not at all Luna anything for you"*** I nod my head in appreciation for his actions he didn't have to bring it up. 

We dive into food, I think Nikki had fallen in love with my curry seen as she finished what I didn't want, this girl could pack away some food for such a tiny frame. We had some music on in the background and did a little singalong and dance before Nikki had to head back for the night. ***"I really enjoyed tonight Nikki, thank you for your company" "No Amelia thank you for having me here." "We will have to do again sometime, or even head out ourselves" "that would be nice, anyway I best be heading off I have work tomorrow and you have a big trip" "no worries I'll see you soon"*** shutting the door behind her. 

Back to me and Trent it is then. ***"FBI files?"*** I asked gently ***"whatever you want Amelia, but I do have to ask where did you learn to move like that, the dancing I mean." "I was a self taught gymnast growing up, I haven't been able to recently we have nowhere for it here in this pack"*** I sigh ***"my mate does gymnastics, she was actually at competitive level but she just trains people now. We live in a human area so alot of her work involves humans and the less fortunate" "you'll have to introduce me to her, how could you keep something like this from me" "you never asked but neither did I know you had a passion" "I'll see when I will be working with you next and see if she's free so we can meet up if you like." "I'd love to thank you Trent" "Your welcome Amelia" " You know what I'm getting kinda tired now so I'm gonna head to bed I got a feeling tomorrow is going to be exhausting" "Probably best you get your rest, good night Amelia I will see you when you return"  "Thank you Trent, I mean for everything"*** giving a gentle smile and recieving one in return.
###chapter 40 The past
Both Lucas and I dressed, we head down to the packhouse foyer to wait for Mateo and Nathan. ***"Amelia you look beautiful, but a little nervous, are you okay with this? if not I can cancel" "yeh totally fine with it I just haven't met a fae before and he actually wants to meet me and knew my parents it's becoming real" "It's okay I've got you no matter what nothing will happen to you" " I know it won't baby". "It's about time you two showed up lets go it's a 2 hour drive atleast and it's already 11.15."*** I said making a point probably my nerves most of all ***"sorry rushed after training" "Amelia doesn't like being late apparently "*** Luc shrugged his shoulders. 

***"We're about 20 minutes away now, but it's all single lanes typical of fae, to have a place in the middle of nowhere."*** Lucas pointed out, as we edged further into the countryside we come into a small village, but human village. ***"They hide amongst humans from time to time or if a singular fae alone will reside in a human village and mind their business quite strange if you ask me but each to their own"*** I look at Lucas who seemed unfazed by the events that could evolve today. As we arrive at a spiritual shop, the window display was magnificent and enchanting. We parked in the space Dr Preston informed us to use. ***"Amelia are you ready for this?"*** Lucas asked gently placing his hand on my thigh. ***" If not I can always cancel" "Of course she's ready look at the girl, she's glowing"*** I thank Nathan for answering for me. ***"I'm curious now let's go, I'm not getting answers sitting here" "Lets go get your answers then beautiful"  

As we walk through the entrance I look in complete amazment, it's beautiful, crystals, herbs, gorgeous scents travelling through the air, if I though the display was amazing this is something else like a whole other world inside. ***"Beautiful isn't it, Amelia, Lucas, Mateo and Nathan I take it"*** I hear a voice coming from the further end of the room. As I walk toward the voice still unable to see anyone, ***"Hello, yes we are here to meet Jordan" "of course you are"*** I hear a bang from behind the counter, making me feel a little on edge ***"sorry I was just putting some things by didn't mean to startle you"*** still not putting a face to this voice although they can't of seen us either. A man emerges from behind the counter his skin glows, he's gorgeous but not really of athletic structure. ***"Amelia, you have turned into a beautiful  young woman, there are hot drinks and biscuits waiting in the back for us"*** ushering us through. ***"sorry I haven't even introduced myself, I am Jordan nice to meet you all, no need to introduce yourselves though I'm already aware of you all" "Can I ask how did you know there would be four of us it was only supposed to be myself and Amelia" "that's one of my tricks, I have immense senses I've probably been aware of you for the last hour and kinda of see certain things of future" "that's amazing" "it is complicated but I see certain things but they can change based on choice"*** Mateo is so intrigued now I have a feeling he would have this guy talking all day so I bit the bullet ***"you were more than happy to see me, and said you knew of my parents and had some insight for me"*** a little nervous for my answers now.***"Firstly how has your life been?" "Well abandoned by my parents making me orphaned, a pack that hated me and seen me as a burden then cast me out rogue for something I had no idea I did, to finding Lucas, the only good thing about my life"*** showing my frustration of my life ***"must have been difficult growing up for you, I appreciate that very much, you are aware you are a desert wolf and know that your goddess is of course the sun goddess, you may be smaller but you are not to be underestimated my dear"*** Jordan muttered giving off a smirk ***"have you had any abilities come through, just one I'm able to smell someone who is trying to mask themselves."*** feeling proud of ability ***"that's brilliant, is there anything you know about your kind?"*** he questioned, I sat trying to think what we actually knew  ***"basically what you just confirmed, that we are the balance to a werewolf and we are able to do everything as they do but they don't get abilities like us, it's like a yin to a yang also that there's some prophecy."*** Lucas gripping me tighter with my words  ***"that's correct and that's about it really"*** oh this is going to be great help frowning ***"so let's give you some information on what you really came here for then shall we, so back to your parents, they came to me for help, your race is well basically extinct except you and 3 or 4 others that I'm aware of."*** We all listen intensively. ***"They were desperate. I made a deal with them that hit me, I mean really tugged on my heart steings."*** seeing the sadness and hearing his sheer despare. ***"I promised to ensure you are to be protected at all times and would provide you with whatever you needed when required"*** he explains as if it was all still raw for him ***"your parents gave their life in order to save yours, little Amelia, you are the prophecy"*** Lucas's eyes widen, the boys in shock and me well I disn't know how to feel everything was alot to take in already ***"you took my parents life","I didn't no, I took their powers which led to their death, still breaks my heart now"*** I see tears filling his eyes, he's actually telling the truth. ***"All I wanted was to help but in order for me to help someone I must receive to make an agreement, there is a note here they left for you when you were to come looking for me"*** I look at the envelope, old, dusty and slightly discoloured, this contains all the answers I've been looking for and he's given me more than I thought id ever get close to getting. ***"So what does that mean for me?" "I am aware you are in danger, I've seen it. Lucas, Mateo and Nathan you must protect her at all costs she is the key to keeping the sun and moon in balance"*** they all nod in agreement without a word ***"I'll guard her with my life" "I am well aware Lucas you will face some difficult times too and Amelia will be your answer to that too, you won't be aware of that until the time is right."*** Jordan looks between the two of us. ***"She's my answer to everything and always will be, my light in the dark, the beat to my heart, the air I breath"*** his voice full of admiration ***"Hold on to it, it's a special thing love"*** my heart throbbing listening to Lucas's words, I loved him more than life itself. ***"I have a few gifts for you, one a necklace for protection. A ring that will energise you when your depleated you will need energy to use your abilities, and thirdly this vial, in which you need to drink".***  Lucas looking fearful and protective all at the same time ***"no drinking anything Amelia you dont know now what this is or whether you can trust this man"*** Lucas spoke sternly. ***"you don't need to drink it right now Amelia but I believe you will in order to become who you are destined to be it contains your essense which will complete that missing piece of you, the good news is that Lucas hasn't marked you yet, which I would advise after drinking the vial, it will have benefits for both of you, I can put my life on that, Amelia your parents trusted me with your life, I'm sorry for your growing up but it's made you the person you are, the pack I left you with was the only pack that would take you coming from a rogue, all I ever wanted was the best for you and still do, if there is anything I can help you with I am here and no there's no deals concerning you, your parents paid theirs and yours in order protect you."*** Jordan almost crying now I believed every word he said and I felt in no danger around him perhaps there's more of an explanation hidden in this note but I'll open that at home on my own just need my own space to process everything and figure this out.

***"Amelia time is running out now, you and the boys must leave, get back to your pack, All of you need to be strong for eachother it's the only way of your survival, I wish you all the very best and please don't hesitate to ask if you need my help" "Thank you, you have given me more than I asked for, I am extremely grateful, I hope to see you again" "No doubt you will little one, now hurry you must leave and please wait until she drinks the vial before marking her, it will help both of you. I will give my life to you if anything goes wrong that's an oath" 

We drive off hastily, Lucas did as he was told and hurried out of there. ***"Why did we need to rush out of there?"*** I questioned slightly confused. ***"not sure but I'm not waiting to find out either." "Are you feeling okay Amelia?, you seem distracted" "just alot to take in thank you Nathan"*** Lucas leans his arm over to place his hand on my thigh, trying to comfort me with all the information trying to sink in. My parents didn't leave me because they hated me they did it to protect me as the prophecy, as the prophecy I would have probably been living a guarded life one building and secluded from others to ensure my safety and they didn't want that for me. He didn't give me much on the prophecy but he said enough to know I have to survive for my race and create a new one. There aren't many left of my race so I need to create a new one to equalise the balance of the sun and moon. Me and Lucas are the last hope for my kind. I'm sure not giving up on them.
###chapter 41 Too much to bare
Back at the pack house, there was alot of commotion and arguing going on, after breaking everything apart and sending everyone to their rooms we learnt the whole thing started off with the whole Jackson situation. People getting annoyed why weren't they made aware and others agreeing to secrecy, the list endless. After talking to a few pack members and getting some information apparently it started off with two boys bringing it all out and explaining that the leaders of this pack were not honest with the pack, frankly he wasn't lying but it was for the safety of everyone and the fact we needed the information if we released that we wouldn't have got anything. Lucas was already frustrated enough without this to top it off. The following day I gave him some space, he went for a run with the boys while I hung out in the room with Trent. 

I sat watching some stupid series I couldn't even make sense of because of over thinking everything. Why did everything hang in the balance with me being the decider and one wrong move on my front could tip the scales, as if the stress with Jackson and Lucas wasn't enough this just tops it all off. I just wanted an ordinary life instead I get lumped with being a prophecy, this just sucks. I make a cuppa and sit back down ***"Amelia you are rather tense today, would you like to talk about it or I can take you to a gym so you can release some of your stress, all this isn't good for you"*** Trent offered politely. ***"I'd love to go to the gym if it's possible, I don't think I could explain it in words its all jumbled around honestly but the gym sounds good. I would need to speak to Lucas about it at the moment hes rather worried about everything too"***

**Lucas, Trent has offered to take me to a private gym where I can do some gymnastics to reduce my stress levels, do you have any problems with this? 
You go ahead Amelia it might do you some good, clear your head abit, beautiful. I was just checking incase you didn't want me going anywhere at the moment with everything going on. I have full faith in Trent you carry on I'll see you for dinner, I love you. I love you too baby.**

***"All set to go?"  "I think so I just need to grab a few bits from the wardrobe"*** I indicated. Trent nodded. I finally get to go to a bloody gym, it's heavenly, I put my leotard and few other bits in a bag ready to go. ***"I'm good to go Trent" "okay it's about 20 minutes from here so not too far."***  As we drive from the pack and out of town down the highway for a short while, we began to approach what looked like an abandoned building, my nerves creeping up on me now. ***"Trent where are we going?" "like I said Amelia a gym it's private so you can have all the peace in the world here" "I don't like the look of this place, Trent your freaking me out, Amelia you need to trust me it's just a blinking gym"*** my breathing getting faster my heart almost pounding out my chest, Tara ready to pounce at any second. I find my eyes fixed on a tall dark haired woman who is now approaching the car, this isnt making it easier. ***"Amelia darling, Trent said you were abit scared to come in, it's fine, it's my private gym, I'm Biannca Trents mate" "okay, I'll come with you"*** 

As I enter the building I see a whole gymnasium, with all the apparatus, beams, bars, pits, routine mats, trampolines you name it this gym had it. ***"It's taken a while to get to this, we get very little funding." "Sorry guys I just.."*** I feel the guilt taking over my body ***"it's okay Amelia there's alot going on your right to be cautious."*** Trent cutting me off. ***"What do you normally do in gymnastics" "floor routines they let me express myself" "go ahead, there's a docking station there for you to use your music."*** I go ahead and warm up, while Biannca and Trent sit on the sidelines talking amongst themselves letting me do as I please. I was lost in myself from then just focusing on me and nothing else. 

I must have spent a couple of hours at it now. Biannca throwing in some tips now and then helping me perfect my moves. As I stretch myself out to cool down. ***"Do you realise how talented you are? Have you ever had lessons" "self taught mainly" "Some people have to work hard to get to your standard even with a coach, you should be proud of yourself" "it's the only thing that allows me to release everything I suppose" "Amelia we better get going, Lucas already linked me he's making food now, I'll see you shortly my love"*** think it's the first time I've seen Trent actually relaxed, ***"Amelia your welcome here anytime" "thank you"*** I whispered as we head back to the car. 

Lucas and I curled up on the sofa watching a film, trying to avoid any discussion of events going on around us but I couldn't stop thinking about the note my parents left me and the vial Jordan had given me. I needed to make decisions soon. I just didnt know what to be thinking anymore, the only thing I know for sure is that I love Lucas with all my heart. ***"Amelia, how you coping with everything?" "just confused and tired by it all really" "I'm no different to you, I'm just glad we have eachother to rely on"*** luckily he was right but so much on my mind not even his touch was calming me at the moment so much anticipation and still have to deal with a note and a vial. ***"whats on your mind beautiful you just can't seem to relax"*** clearly noticing me battling with myself ***"I know I'm sorry just this note and vial playing on my mind, I don't know how I feel about it all"*** Lucas wraps his arms around me ***"I'll give you my opinion but of course you still need to make your own decision, I would read the note and hope I've had some sort of explanation and give me something so I could move on. As for the vial I'm not sure about it, I know nothing about it and wouldn't want to take any risks, but of course the decision is yours to make and I will support whichever you choose."*** I nuzzle myself into his chest, this man is just beyond amazing, I couldn't of asked the goddess for a better man. ***"thank you baby I love you"*** I commented gently, while he places a kiss on top of my head running his hand through my hair, ***"I love you too"***.  

We go back to duties tomorrow so we made the most of our time together now. It's getting ridiculously hard to be away from him all day everyday, when we take over the plan is that Da's office is extended to make room for a desk and such for me too, so we don't have to spend all our time apart. Other than when we had other duties to tend to. I need a shower before then after being in the gym I feel abit gross and I don't think his mother will be too pleased if I smell of sweaty pits and have sticky hair. ***"Lucas I'm gonna head for a shower, I feel gross." " you carry on beautiful I'll make you a cuppa"*** I head towards the wardrobe pick out some random pj's and grab towel and head in the bathroom. 

I let the steamy water run over my body, hoping to wash away some of my troubles with it, **Amelia you need to read that note, you will feel better after it, it's the only way your going to be able to find peace you cant keep this up you'll make yourself sick. I know Tara I just don't know if I'm ready, everything was fine up until yesterday, now I have so much more on my plate.** feeling my emotions becoming unstable. **I'm not just an ordinary girl, I have so much weight on my shoulders now Tara and I don't know how to take it all in. Amelia you can live your life as you please don't let the prophecy get in the way of that, your perfect the way you are, and your destiny is just to be you, I'm here for that reason the prophecy would have been fulfilled you being you and without you knowing about it so please don't let it alter you.** Tara trying to reassure me and she's right it would have but jnstead someone put it on me in words. **We will get through this together with Lucas and Damon.** I feel tears welling up in my eyes, it's all so much I thought I wanted answers now I kinda wish I didn't have them. Its too much to bare all at once. I just sit in the shower letting my tears flow, **Amelia we are one and will get through everything I promise.** Tara hated it when I cry she just laid and whimpered knowing I had to let it out. I must have been here a while because all of a sudden I feel arms drape over me, ***"I'm here beautiful" ***.
###chapter 42 Answers
Lucas trying to calm me, making me cry harder. ***"It's okay let it out beautiful"*** his words trying to reassure me while the water runs down  on us both, with Lucas just kneeling down holding me knowing there's nothing that he could say but holding me letting me know he wasnt going anywhere. This man's knew exactly what to do and  when we were made for eachother for sure, he knew I just needed him. The love shared between our bond calmed me down eventually, ***"come Amelia lets get you to bed. I'll hold you as long as you need me to, I'm not going anywhere"*** his words like music to my ears, I needed him to hold me, I needed him to just love me, I just needed my mate. 

Laying in bed Lucas just holding me, and playing with my damp hair, ***"Amelia I'm glad you've calmed down now, It hurts to see you crying even if I know you needed to let it all out, it's been a rough time recently so it's only natural for you to respond in such a way" "thank you for being here Lucas and most of understanding, I really don't know how I've lived without you"*** he's everything and more ***"I wouldn't have it any other way, my Luna"*** 

***"Lucas now that I've calmed abit I think I'm ready to read the note left for me, but baby can you stay with me, I don't want to be alone right now" "of course my darling, I would only leave you if you asked me to"*** thank goddess for that I dont think I could do this alone. I reach into my bedside cabinet and pull out the aged envelope. I just stare at it a little while telling myself I can do this, Tara and Lucas both in silence. The only thing I could hear was the tearing of the envelope as I open it up. I take in a deep breath and let it out again, come on Amelia you got this telling myself. 

*Dear Amelia, 
                      Seen as your reading this we are guessing you found Jordan and wanted to find out more about yourself. We're glad you did, you are remarkable in every way, we didn't think it was possible for us to make such a beautiful baby. We hope your eyes have stayed as golden as they were when you were born, we have never seen such pure eyes in our existence. But we hope you are as strong as we believe you to be.*

*We are sorry if we made you feel abandoned and unloved, we did this for you to be able to live a normal life without someone dictating what you can and can't do, which is what would have happened if they found out about you and the prophecy you wouldn't have had a life at all. We made a deal with Jordan to ensure you were never found out about, protected and to ensure a normal life in return he removed our abilities and took them for himself, we knew this would probably result in our death but it didn't matter as long as our baby was safe. He managed to harvest your abilities too and put them into an essence which was put into a vial for you, we trust that Jordan has given you that too, we understand you are probably worried about drinking it, but it will ensure you are protected and safe throughout your life.* 

*When you meet your mate which we very much hope you do, worship them, make them happy, make sure your happy most of all accept them wholly for who they are, we're sure the goddess would have paired you with an exceptional mate. We understand that you may have a hard time taking all this in but know we loved you dearly we gave up everything for you to live. May your love be pure and you life be full of joy and happiness, We love you very much little one and don't ever forgot that.* 

*We are sorry we can't be with you to support you through the good and the bad but we will always be in your heart, don't you ever forget that little one.* 

*Lots of love
Mom (Gloria) & Dad (Steven) Goldsmith
xxxx*

My parents truly loved me and wanted to give me a better life than I would have has with them, it must have been hard for them to give me up, I can't imagine having to hand over my pup to anyone. The vial is my own abilities how am I left with one, perhaps he didn't get them all. I need to decide whether or not to drink it, it's no wonder why Jordan said drink it before Lucas marks me maybe we will share some or all of my abilities. My eyes weeping again while lucas again just holds me. I finally got some answers that I actually wanted from them. It's taken some weight off my shoulders that's for sure, maybe I can actually close that life away and start living the one I've been given. 

My eyes puffy and red from crying so much tonight, I'm exhausted but I atleast I'm no longer confused, I just hope I can work out my decisions soon. ***"Amelia you seem far more relaxed now, I hope you got what you were looking for my Luna" "Actually I think I did, the vial is my abilities they were extracted when I was a baby, to protect me from being found out by others and to live a normal life."*** feeling relieved I actually knew what it was now ***"I still don't feel so sure about the vial but I'm here for you no matter what" "thank you Lucas I have decided I will drink the contents in the vial but I would like to be at Mark's office just incase something happens" "okay beautiful I'm glad you want to take caution though it's making me nervous, I can't lose you Amelia"***  I see the intensity of hhis fear ***"I can't be without you either Lucas, thank you for supporting me, I need to fulfill my destiny and accept all that I am ment to be so with that I've concluded my decision" "Your the strongest person I know Amelia if anyone can do this you can, I believe in you my Luna".***
###chapter 43 Traitors
She's made her mind up, there's no changing it now, My Luna I hope were doing this right goddess I pray she's made the right decision, she's gotta be okay I can't live without her. 

**Mark have you got time for Amelia and I tomorrow it might be a long visit, also a monitor for her vitals and equipment on stand by. Lucas my boy you sound on edge why would we need all this? Amelia is the prophecy, her abilities were taken away as a baby by the fae and he's placed all her essence in a vial she must drink in order to regain her true self,** saying the words making even more nervous but i must stand by her decision. **Now this is a development, I'm guessing you want her in my presence as you don't trust the Fae. Amelia actually wants to be in your presence as well even though she's had a hard time trying to make her decision and she's not going to back down now, I just hope this fae is legitimate. I assure you this gentleman is a man of his word I'll clear my afternoon for you two I have nothing important anyway, you two are my star patients it's lovely being in your company surrounded by so much love and affection.** I hope Mark is right about this man or he will be giving me his life.  **It's not what it used to be but you two make lives worth saving. Thanks Mark say around 1ish so we can have some lunch before coming to you? that will be perfect Lucas see you tomorrow. 

***"Hey beautiful, had something to eat now?" "yes I feel much better now baby thank you" "I've linked Mark we will be meeting him at 1pm tomorrow, he's cleared his afternoon to keep you monitored for a while after to ensure there's no after effects, he's with you on trusting Jordan, I'm on edge and worried Amelia what if things go wrong?"*** Amelia barely flinching trying to show her bravery but surely deep down she's nervous as hell. I can't imagine if things go wrong, I didn't want to imagine, my father knows nothing nor does my mother. Mateo and Nathan will also be devastated to learn that their Luna made a big mistake which could consequence with her life. My body running cold at the thought Damon seemed okay if I'm honest just trying not to take any side. ***"I'm trusting my heart on this one I don't think this will go wrong, I can feel it's a part of me the more I look at it and hold the vial, I just hope thats not just what I want to believe." "We will be the start of a new race if all this works out Amelia, that part I am excited for,  and focusing on or I think I'll be going insane."*** I never thought I'd be raising our hybrid pups, but I'll happily be showing the world we did it, when everyone else doubted us. ***"I will love you for forever more Amelia don't ever forget that"*** trying not to sound like it's gonna be her last day. I needed her to know just incase anything happens to her, I wouldn't forgive myself for not not stopping her but having to respect her. Oh goddess you've given me a tough path, I just hope I don't lose my way. **We wont lose our way we just need to focus on mate and we will be fine. Your right Damon it's all about us now ***"always look on the bright side Lucas let's not think about maybes and let's just focus on our love and just being together that's all we need right now." 

**Luc we have some news on the Jackson front and just to inform you, your father just beheaded 3 traitors who trying to send information back. We are really low on truth serum now, you'll have to get some.** 

**Thank you Mateo we'll meet in the morning in my room at 10, I have to be with Mark at 1pm so I'll be taking the day off from everything as will my little Luna.**  

I completely lost thought about the Jackson situation with everything going on with Amelia, how could I be so careless, she's probably at her most vulnerable too, and I forget about our main threat. I'm just glad he didn't make an attack at this time or I think he'd actually stand a chance with both Amelia and me being so distracted. I let out a sigh and let is wash over me. ***"Lucas whats going on? your face has gone from peachy and sweet to anger and fury"*** Ameila's right, it's like my blood turned to lava and ready to erupt, ***"Amelia we can talk about it in the morning let's just enjoy for tonight" "we're doing this again are we? where you just hide things. I thought we had been through this"*** she hissed, I fist my hair letting out a sigh knowing she wasn't going to drop it, all I wanted was to enjoy our night. ***" we just had some information on Jackson and my dad has beheaded 3 traitors he caught trying to send information back"*** she looked shocked ***"did he atleast keep someone alive to interrogate"*** surely my father wouldn't have lost that much control and kept one even being the hot headed alpha he is. ***"I'm not sure but Mateo will be here at 10 in the morning to fill us in."*** although it's gonna hard to get any rest time with this clouding over me.***"I don't think we're going to be able to relax until we've spoken to Mateo we might aswel get him here now"*** I sigh knowing she's right neither of us are gonna sleep with this. ***"at this point I agree with you Amelia I'll link Mateo."***

**Couldn't hide it from Amelia and neither of us will sleep until we have an idea of what's going on, so come to my room when you can.** 

***"I'm so glad you linked me to come over I didn't want to wait but I wanted you guys to get some sleep too" "I'll put the kettle on then shall I?"*** Amelia asked gently. ***"Good shout Amelia"*** Mateo replied. ***"Thanks Amelia your a star"*** Mateo responded to Amelia handing him a steamy coffee, she finally sits in her corner spot of the sofa to get comfortable waiting for Mateo to tell all. ***"It started with the guards noticing 5 men on the boarders of the pack lands with no other scheduled patrol, they got suspicious especially after being informed to be alert at a possible pending attack everything was to be dealt with discreetly to not alert other pack members."*** we had already tore up any routines and started to do random patrols and no patterns to avoid any system incase anything did get back. ***"the guards alerted your father and proceeded to approach with caution and 3 of the 5 were still members embedded in the pack, one fled almost immediately, the other outsider is captured and being held in one of the cells, and the 3 traitors were beheaded on the spot. Your father tried to get information with just force but he didn't respond, some truth serum worked a treat opening up like a little baby after 4 doses." "so what did we get out of him?"*** Amelia asked eagerly ***"well the intention was to learn patterns and routines in regards security measures in order to kidnap Amelia purely to gain your attention but obviously they had no luck on that thanks to your idea of random and 3 hourly changes to patrol schedule Amelia"*** thats my girl, looking at her proud as ever ***"is there any lead to the one who ran off?"*** I pressed. ***"na, trail ran cold about 2 miles west" "get a tracker out there I want an advantage here I need to find out what we're up against" "Scott will be tracking in the morning, his pup only arrived early hours this morning, but for now that's all we have, anything you want done in the mean time"*** I need to interrogate this wolf, I'll get more answers than my father, he tends to lean towards a cocky approach me on the other I can be traumatising. ***"Amelia will you be joining me in interrogating this asshole? although I must warn I can be over bearing at times and there probably will be blood shed"*** looking over at her for a reaction. ***"well you can't leave me here alone and you never know I might like that to Lucas along with his gentle playful demeanour" "Let's get to it then beautiful"***

###chapter 44 Interrogation 
We head to a bunker in the middle of the training field, ***"no one knows this here, just watch your step coming down"*** Amelia just springs down as if it were nothing probably due to her gymnastics, as we walk past the guards Amelia leans in for my hand. ***"it's okay most of lighting is for effect it also has heating down here so we could use it if whole place came under attack, there's plenty of food stored, water even a kitchen."*** As we reach the end of the long corridor I turn left to unlock the doors into the cells department, this whole bunker is a maze and would probably fit atleast half a pack in here. There are no maps and only a selected few learnt the layout. I stand infront of the iron door, and place on some gloves to open the interrogation room. ***"You ready for this beautiful" "I think so" she said gently trying to hold back her fear, this girl never fails to amaze me, my one and only true Luna.***

***"I can see why Jackson wanted to kidnap her look at her beauty it's radiating, and those golden eyes"*** drooling over Amelia as he speaks ***"she is a goddess isn't she, but she's my goddess not someone else's little play thing"*** trying not to let my anger get the better of me, maybe it was a bad idea to bring Amelia ***"not marked though I'm sure Jackson would love to do it for you"*** I notice Amelia step forward ***"Let's get this straight I am no ones play thing, and I don't play games, so what the deal here"*** Amelia making herself clear. ***"Your no fun now are you" "no not for you she isn't but I am so let's play a game you give me answers and I'll decide, what to do don't give answers and well we take it from there" "what do I get to do?"*** curiosity seeping in ***"have a sip of water"*** I hand him a few drop dirty water ***"you gotta be kidding thats all I get" "don't be so ungrateful, did you forget the position your in, so your name would be a good start" "christian"*** I give him a sip of water." ***"mouth feel abit better, now second question, what were the plans?"*** staring into this boys eyes making him uncomfortable ***"as I said previously kidnap Amelia and get information on your routines and security"*** I slam on to his hand breaking a few fingers ***"son of bitch, I gave you an answer didn't I" " one don't use her name she is Luna to you and you didn't give me enough I want more" "thats all I know"*** spitting at me, making it clear he has more information ***"hard way it is then I tried to play nice"*** I twist his wrist snapping it out of place, he yells out in pain knowing there was no way of correcting that, ***"now information" "he wanted your attention so he could have you distracted looking for her, knowing you would come for her, it would leave you vulnerable away from the pack"*** I stare into his eyes, ***"and"* Guards heating up. *"he just wants information" "why is it just information" "maybe because he has to come up with plans" "oh yes hes had to speed things up he didnt see a new Luna coming anytime soon"*** I let out a laugh, Amelia placing her hand on my shoulder ***"what are the plans so far?"*** she asks in a sweet tone. ***"water I've given you answers" "fine"***  I put a drop of clean water in his mouth and letting abit fall ***"your wasting abit there aren't you, best not be too clumsy next time you might not have any left" "no wonder why he wants to rip your head off with the smug self you are"*** Amelia jumps in ***"Lucas play nicely he's talking"*** and gives him a little more water.***"oh I know I am I'm damn proud of it too, My Luna here is very generous  and tries to see the good in everything so you see we are opposites. Amelia do you have anything you'd like to ask?"*** She brings herself closer to the rat making me even more furious between her actions and words. ***"How many of you are there?"*** she asked ***"you think I'm gonna answer to a little skank who just wanted to get into bed with a big strong alpha to protect her, give her money and have power, you gotta be kidding me your a joke, always have been and always will be"*** laughing in the chair, making my blood boil. I pull out a knife and cut two fingers off without a second thought. ***"who's fucking laughing now, you answer to Amelia when she speaks, don't you dare disrespect her again" "fucking wolfsbaine, you fucking asshole" "now you will apologise to Amelia for your disrespect and answer her question"*** he just spits at the table, he's still not ready to cooperate, I cut another 2 fingers from the opposite hand Amelia raises her hand ***"enough of that now he's just a scared poor little boy, look hes so weak and defenseless"*** she follows up with a laugh while running her hands through his hair tugging slightly ***"you ready to answer now little one?" "Sorry Amelia, there around 80 of us now"*** I laugh 80 how pathetic he ain't getting anywhere the 80 there probably 300 warriors alone in this pack but Amelia is doing a good job at getting information even if her technique was making my blood boil, she was getting results. ***"I see getting quite the support then" "you could say that, there should be more to come shortly" "What do you know of the Black shadow packs involvement"*** I question ***"there's not direct involved but some of their pack members will be joining us"*** I tilt my head ***"why?"*** Amelia pushed. ***"ahh yes you were made rogue from the pack weren't you!, see not good enough anywhere no one wants you"*** Amelia's eyes glowing in rage, she grips his leg and yanks his knee out of place you could hear the crack plain, not that I'm surprised she's getting annoyed too.***"You fucking whore burn in hell" "now where were we? oh that's right you were answering me why people are coming to you?" "your pack isn't the only pack at risk we have 2 others in mind." "so basically your all little dogs following their owners command to fulfill his need for power, aww this is too cute, here take a little water, your doing well so far,"*** Amelia pets his head ***"So are we correct in saying you have 4 packs you plan on taking over? and is this to create one massive pack?" "now your getting it, see the plan is much bigger than you".*** shit, how are we gonna get this resolved. I drag Amelia out and slam the door taking 5 minutes. Amelia looks at me puzzled, ***"we need more information but Amelia you are doing well I didn't think you'd get involved honestly." "I'm quite enjoying, we are getting information slowly but I can't keep this up forever"*** she lets out a sigh and heads back in.

***"Where are you based?" "you seriously think I'm gonna tell you that I'd rather die"*** fine I give a few blows to his ribs and set his body hair alight watching is burn and melt leaving his skin chared and blistered. ***"anything yet?"*** like I said ***"I'd rather die"*** he spits Amelia takes a butchers knife and slices off his hand letting blood poor everywhere then placing it on hot iron to stop the bleeding, she's a pro ***"forget it you ain't getting anything"*** screaming with in pain. I snap his knee caps and kick him to the floor, pressing his head against the floor demanding answers. ***"get screwed" "dont you worry I will later on, where as no wolf will look at you again"*** punching repeatedly until he's almost unconscious, ***"give me a location"*** I growled Amelia watching wide eyes ***"I told you I'd rather die I've given you everything else" "one last thing and you can go you've been so helpful but you will learn respect'" Amelia insists watching the reluctance to let him go, you pulls the pliers from the tools and a blade out of tool kit and asks me "hold his mouth apart" splitting his gum with the blade and tearing out his canines, letting blood pour from his mouth. The boys looking in g
horror at Amelia's actions it is the worst punishment for a wolf. ***"now you will never be able to mark a woman and God forbid you disrespect one, again. Let this be a reminder of our encounter and where your cocky attitude gets you, bag him and get him out of here, someone will find him eventually"*** he spits blood at Amelia ***"you flithy whore you will pay for this"*** before the boys can bag him, she looks back and laughs, I take my fist and knock him unconscious, how I love sending a message, lets hope they get it loud and clear we'll be waiting. Amelia is in complete shock from her actions. ***"Taking someone's canines is probably the worst thing you can do for a wolf, no marking when you find your mate, even if you find one they usually walk away when they realise they can't complete the whole process." "I'm aware, I didn't realise what I was capable of but that was satisfying"***  I find it a huge turn on that my girl will get her hands dirty, atleast the little prick can give them the message.Amelia looking exhausted now so I usher her back to bed. 

After last nights charade both Amelia and I relaxed and finally got to bed. She was amazing even joined in on the interrogation which was much to my delight, we make a good duo. Only thing now is this vial, her essence, possibly making her fulfill her true destiny, if it does contain all her abilities I wonder what she'll have, she's already magnificent, she'll be unstoppable too. I think they don't want me to mark until she's taken it to be able to share the abilities but we can't be sure that anything we hear is the truth. I'm so nervous I can't think straight all I want is for her to be safe, I know she'll be in good hands with Mark. 
###chapter 45 Changes
***Amelia are you comfortable?" "as comfortable as I'm going to get hooking up to all this"*** looking over at Amelia now hooked up to different machines Mark and one of the nurses just getting her set and ready. Amelia looking content, calm and collected while I'm stuck here a bag of nerves, knowing I can't do anything, she's definitely the strong one.***"Lucas can you get me a tea before I do this" "yes of course beautiful I'll get you one now"*** she must be nervous to have asked for her tea she's a good actor I give her that I would have never said she was nervous and clearly not as nervous as I. I head back with her tea in hand trying not to spill it everywhere with my shakey hands. ***"here beautiful becareful it's hot" "thank you baby" "right then guys before Amelia takes the leap and drinks the contents, I've spoken to Jordan regarding effects it may have on her, he is unsure to say the least, he hopes it won't do much and she will carry on as normal as it works through her system, or it may send her extremely tired and will need rest, she cannot vomit for atleast 5 hours once this has entered her system, so I'll give you some antiemetics now to ensure that doesn't happen. Its best to relax and ride it through."*** Mark informed us making me even more nervous thanks for the confidence boost. ***"So just so we're clear we have no idea on the effects so nothing should come as a surprise"*** I exclaim, Mark nods ***"got it, it's not going to harm my little Luna now is it" Jordan has assured me she needs this in order to be who she ment to be"*** Me and Mark converse ***"Guys I am here mind, by the way I just drank it and I feel fine" "Amelia some warning would have been nice!"*** I Snapped ***"well you two are too busy thinking about if's, but's and maybe's it's not gonna change my decision or anything else so I asked the nurse for the vial"*** She has a point it wasn't going to change anything. I just hope everything remains good with no effects. 

Amelia has been feeling okay for the last 7 hours now, vitals are stable she's just getting a tired now so Mark assured we would be okay to go back to the Packhouse, and if anything changes just alert him through link and he would be with us in a flash. 

After watching some TV, I get Amelia back to bed and make her some soup I don't want to upset her tummy so good old vegetable soup will be fine. I chop away at the vegetables and place them all in a pan ready and bring it to the boil and let it simmer for a while as I try to tidy up and make a list of things I would need to restock the cupboards and fridge. 

**Is Amelia okay after her visit with Mark?** Da linked me. **Yeh she seems fine just put her to bed making her some soup then she can get some rest it's been stable so fat but recently there's been so much going on she must be exhausted. Right you are my boy, I hope everything goes well. Your mother seems to be getting more and more exhausted these days too soon enough she won't be able to fulfill her duty as Luna. Mark is trying to work on what's wrong but right now we have no answers I hope you can both can take on some duties to relieve her a little. Of course we can, let's hope everything comes together as it should, It's like we're in a losing battle whichever way we look at the moment. We will get through all of this Lucas. 

I get the soup dished out for Amelia and place everything on a tray for her and head for the bedroom. ***"Amelia darling I have soup, bread roll and your tea here for you" "Thank you baby, I feel really exhausted now"*** struggling to keep her eyes open. ***"I know just try and have a little bit and you can have some rest."*** Amelia just nods and sits herself up right to take the tray to rest it on the bed. She clears most of it and I can see she's struggling more every minute now, ***"thank you for having something Amelia, now you can get some rest, I'll get Mark to come check in tomorrow" "that would be amazing thank you"*** I take the dishes back to the kitchen and leave the bedroom, door slightly open. 

**Hey bro, hope Amelia is okay? we totally forgot its Mateos birthday next week, he just brought it up. What we gonna do?. Shit with so much going on I forgot completely. How about we throw a party here I'm sure we can do something, Amelia is okay exhausted but okay thankfully don't know what I would have done if anything happened.  He wants to find his mate Luc wouldn't it make more sense to go out the pack, I'm glad she's okay, just look after her, she is a diamond in the rough. I know but with everything I don't know who we can trust anymore so were better off just throwing a party in the hall, she may even be here in the pack, I know I'm lucky to have her. Okay I'll pop over tomorrow and we'll come up with some plans with Amelia too. Sounds good to me, I'll see you tomorrow. 

Morning was well underway and Amelia still sleeping 11am already Nathan came to go through some party plans, I just couldn't wake her and I know she would love to plan the party so I couldn't start without her. I tried everything to wake her, Mark on his way, I'm pacing back and forth wondering what on earth was wrong with my beautiful Amelia. Mark storms in ***"bedroom?" "yes I just can't wake her I'm sorry to bother you" "it's okay how long have you been trying to wake her for?" "around half an hour"*** Mark takes out some things from his bag and starts to examine her, while I pray that my girl is going to be okay. ***"Well all her vitals are in check, pupils are reactive, her brain is working as it should, medically she's perfectly fine. I think her body is trying to change and it's using alot of energy, her body may have indeed put itself into a coma to make the changes happen without draining her"*** I knew this was a bad idea ***"what if she doesn't wake for a while"*** both fear and anger running through my veins ***"if she doesn't wake by tomorrow morning bring her over to the clinic and I'll do some blood work." 

It's been 48 hours since she took that vial, I brought her to the clinic where she would be monitored where I haven't left her side since. Mark did some tests and as suspected by Mark her blood work was perfect and all her tests where fine.  Medically Amelia is perfect except she won't wake up, I've been praying to Goddesses and God's to bring my Luna back. No such luck though, all of a sudden I feel her fingers trying twitch, seeing the monitor start to alter and her eyes flickering trying to open ***"Amelia darling wake up for me please wake up beautiful"
###chapter 46 Organisation
***"Why are you shouting at me?" "Amelia I thought I lost you, dont not scare me like that again." "why are you scared and why am I at the clinic?"*** she looks at me confused ***"Amelia you've been in a coma for the last day and a half, I've been going out my mind I'm just glad your okay."***  she bows her head, ***"it's okay my little Luna your awake now thats the main thing, how do you feel anyway beautiful?" "I actually feel great, like a new burst of energy has come over me, it's weird but I kinda like it."*** she does look radiant ***"glad to hear it Amelia"*** Mark's voice coming out of no where, ***"you look bright as a button this afternoon, let's just check your vitals and perhaps you can go home if all is well I don't see the need to keep you here if your bouncing with energy, being in here isn't going to help that, your in good hands with Lucas"*** I hope so but I do get overly paranoid so ***"thank you Mark, you've been amazing, how ever can I repay you"*** feeling the need to offer him something for his support over the last month or so. ***"You don't need to pay me anything, there's no better payment than see you you both happy and know there is nothing I wouldn't do for you and our spectacular Luna." "We are truly grateful for your care and support Mark, we owe you big for this."*** Amelia smiled warmly. ***"The only thing you owe me is making sure I'm alerted to your abilities and if there's anything you need from me I'm more than happy to help." "she wouldn't be able to hide from you anyway she may get abit eccentric and scream it out"*** Amelia showing a pouty face  ***"you have a fair point there Lucas, now you two love birds run along and enjoy the evening together."*** We thank Mark once again and head back to the packhouse. 

***"First things first I need a shower I need to get rid of this hospital smell off me" "you smell divine to me beautiful but as you wish, I will have to get back to work tomorrow so Trent will be back and I've asked Nikki to come see you for abit tomorrow you two can have a girly catch up"*** Amelia looking all excited to have some company ***"Tonight me and you are going to chill out with an extra large pizza and a movie, plus I also need to go over a few things with you for Mateo's birthday next week."*** Amelia's eyes piercing me ***"hold on why wasn't I aware of this before?" "honestly I forgot too until Nathan reminded me the other day"*** I muttered apologetically with my hand scratching my head. ***"Well looks like were going to have to get things organised pretty quick."*** Amelia clearly frustrated ***"yeh and to add to that Mateo wants to find his mate but I can't be sure how we're going to pull that off with the security we need to hold up, unless she's in this pack" "we will worry about that at the time but we can't give a definite time on when he finds his mate anyway."*** thats what hurts me, I found mine early and she's the best thing that happened to me, my Amelia, I would still be waiting another 6 weeks so I just nod. ***"you order pizza and whatever else needs to be sorted and jump in the shower won't be long."*** She was right about one thing she really is bouncing with energy, I think I like the energetic Amelia perhaps that's what was missing from her all along and her body trying to store as much as possible in order to keep it for when it was needed. 

Amelia sat in her corner, demolishing pizza and drinking coke, I remind Amelia gently ***"party plans" "sorry been trying to work it out,"*** looking at me apologetic, I could never be mad at her, those goddess golden eyes they seem to illuminate more than they did before too, completely hypnotising. ***"what's your ideas?" "party at the packhouse" "you gotta be kidding I can get the bunker free of charge and most things organised and you want to stay here"*** looking furious ***"Amelia it's for safety purposes" "It's also Mateo's special birthday so I'm sure we can arrange extra security and what not" "Amelia are you gonna let it go?" "Errrmmm nope" "fine, I'll put Evan and Nathan in charge of sorting security out" "okay that's better, We'll speak to Nina and Rich about it on Saturday seen as we haven't made it to dinner this week what day are we looking at?"*** I nod and utter hoping I don't get shouted at with how little time we have ***"Friday" "that gives me a 7 days to plan and organise party for day 8, does Mateo have any particular interests? or favourite colours or something to go off" "he loves his eyes, he likes to party, he likes to show off, he likes women I don't know what else to say"*** looking at her puzzled and furious, probably wrong that I find it hot but she's deep in thought, surely she can't come up with something off that, I mean it's just a party does it really matter. ***"I got it, a UV/foam party"*** looking at me proud of her idea. ***"thats gonna be messy, but I must say I love the idea, your gonna be wet and in minimal clothes nothing I'd rather see"*** sending a wink her way even if it means other men looking they won't dare touch her. ***"Let's not get distracted now Mr Silverstone, we need some ideas for invites, perhaps me nd Nikki could do up some designs for them and see which you like best." "sounds much sexier when you call me that"*** feeling the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end and that burning sensation running through me, this girl turns me on without even trying. 

**Amelia is a genius, UV/Foam party in the bunker, was gonna ask you and your dad to organise extra tight security. Matty boy will love it women all wet and barely clothed, it is genius I give her that and count that covered.** 

Amelia and Nikki have been going hard at this party, choosing outfits for themselves Amelia wants me to a nice pair of jeans and shirt that goes with her outfit, So her, Trent and Nikki went to the tailors to find the right style she was looking for. Tomorrow and Friday morning she will be yet again busy trying to get the bunker organised and set for the party. While Amelia is busy with that I head down to check the progress on the already late developing Gym, can't get materials my ass, lazy lot thats what they are. ***"How are we coming along gentlemen"*** the building actually built just interior work to do. ***"should be ready Saturday evening for you Luc" "thats amazing let me know when and I'll come and collect the keys and so on from you." "no worries, I was gonna ask what flooring do you want?" "solid wood, good shine on, all equipment for gymnastics only, plenty of crash mats of different thickness and size. don't forget the sponge pit things"*** I turn to leave hopefully she will have a nice surprise this weekend. I get back to finish off some paperwork before Amelia comes back and turns back into this seductress that she is recently, maybe her heat is coming up and thats whats making her hormones fly around, not that I'm complaining hearing those sweet moans and feeling her dripping her essence on me just makes me crave her more. 
###chapter 47 Time for a party


Friday morning already and Amelia was up and gone before I'd even got up, leaving me a note, *gone to sort out the club then getting my hair done, I'll see you shortly baby, brunch is in the oven, I love you xxx* she's a star, I check the oven to find sausage, bacon, mushrooms, beans, fried bread, black pudding, home cut chips and scrambled eggs all still warm from being kept in the oven. I put the kettle on and make a cuppa to go with my breakfast, Luna you always know how I like my breakfast mmm mm mmmm I devour the plate in no time and finish off my coffee. Right let's head off for some training, then sort out Mateos gifts for later, then last but not least get ready, letting out a sigh at my schedule, come on Luc you got this your alpha for goddess sake. 

Everyone gets back to the room and Mateo very grateful for the happy birthday and gifts, I didn't know what to get him so he ended up with new outfit for tonight, 6 pack of beer and a new game for his console. I think he's happy if isn't he's not showing it. ***"Matty I hope you have liked your gifts and cards I think it's now time to start getting ready"*** Amelia politely excuses herself and goes to the bedroom to start sorting herself out. She only has and hour and a half to get her make up and get dressed. The boys had also left to go and get ready., ***"Catch you in bit"*** I yelled. 

I join Amelia in the bedroom to see her sitting at the vanity doing her make up in her teddy fleece dressing gown, ***"I'll leave you to it beautiful I'm gonna hop in the shower" "okay baby".*** I let the shower heat up while I undress, starting to feel nervous about tonights events, surely nothing could go wrong Evan and Nathan have everything covered but since we didn't go to school anymore due to me finding Amelia it made it difficult to the word out. Nina and Rich couldn't even publicise it because Mateo would know, he thinks we are going to student night for a few nothing special. I finish showering up, and head out to the bedroom wrapped in the towel. Amelia only needs to get dressed ***"how long had I been in there?" "a while baby it's okay though we have half an hour until the taxi arrives"*** realising I'm gonna have to rush ***"shit okay I'll be quick"*** I go to the wardrobe find a pair of mid stone wash jeans and pull the shorts sleeved pinkish shirt that Amelia got for me, and my black shoes. I place them all neatly on the bed and head to the vanity that Amelia was now done with. I dried and waxed my hair so it looked perfect but messy perfect, the moisturiser Ma had given me, and some after shave and I'm good just getting dressed, when I got up from the vanity I caught Amelia checking herself out in the mirror, she looked perfect. Her hair done to perfection pinned up with some loose curls dropping down, her make up done without a thing out of place but not over the top highlighting her gorgeous plump lips. A pink ruffled chiffon dress deep v with long sleeves, flowing out at the bottoml just long enough to show a little thigh, finished off with strappy heels, a clutch bag and her necklace and ring from Jordan. This girl is a goddess herself, no man better even look at her tonight or i'll find it hard to control myself, it's bad enough I'm trying to fight my urge to take her on the bed right now, there's no time, she's lucky. 

The bunker seems the same old from the outside, people queuing to get in, the 5 of us walk straight in, in that moment Nikki and Amelia yell ***"Happy Birthday Mateo".*** As I looked around the lights flashing, smoke machines going off confetti popping out and music blaring. ***"You guys did this for me?" " why wouldn't we?, it's your special Birthday can't have a boring old birthday now can we"*** neon paint glowing in the UV lights, balloons, banners and food placed out nearly next to the bar. ***"I told you we wouldn't need food" "I can see that, who done all this?" "Me and Nikki decorated and Nina and Rich took care of food all while Lucas and Nathan just kept you distracted" "thank you guys now lets a get a drink"  

We partied a while, Mateo seemed really off though, ***"What's up bro?" "she's not here". "who isn't?"*** trying to not to let on I knew he was talking about his mate. ***"Lucas don't act stupid" "sorry just trying to keep your mind off it." "it's okay I was just hoping to find her tonight that's all" "I know but time will tell, I'm going to the bar for a drink you want anything?" "yeh beer please." "coming up."*** I look out on the dance floor to see Amelia, Nikki and Nathan all dancing away happily, need to get Mr in the party mood. Hopefully when the foam machines comes on hell perk up. 

***"I'll take a captain Morgan and coke and a beer please". "yeh no worries"*** then hear the girl telling Rich shes gotta go now, and he'll have to find cover. ***"is there any problems" "no no Luc I'll just ring one of the others to come in now".*** Rich walks off on the phone while I get handed my drink I hand her the money and tell her to keep the change. ***"here's your drink" "cheers, can I ask what does it feel like" "it's the best feeling you will ever have and it only gets better with time, but mine doesn't feel like a werewolf's Amelias does but I feel the bond of the desert wolf."***

Dancing with the others perked Mateo up abit, as the foam machine came on he really started to get in the mood and thanks us all for the work we put into his birthday. We were all having a good time, Amelia shouted ***"I need to get some air I'll be back now"*** Nikki followed with security outside she would be safe anyway. 

**Get outside Haisley is here.**
###chapter 48 Unexpected
One of the guards had linked. I get out to find Amelia already telling her to leave she wasn't welcome. Haisley trying to laugh at her. This gets taken around the side to unsure humans don't witness anything, in all fairness Amelia does seem to be trying to reason with her and get her to move. I notice Libby stood behind Haisley sheepishly, ***"What is she doing here?"  I got called to come to work and Haisley thought she'd have a drink but they told her she couldn't enter and it kicked off."***  bowing her head in shame. ***"Libby you go inside think Rich needs the hand,"*** she has nothing to do with this mess. Damon going frantic in my head, a huge Amber flickering lights in appears from the corner of my eye, it's Amelia she's glowing, she's on fire literally on fire, she threw her hand toward haisley who was clearly burnt by her and scuttled off in fear. Amelia ran to let herself calm and the flames receeded into her skin, she wasn't hurt or burnt I think her anger awoke a gift but she also scared herself by the looks of her panting. ***"Amelia are you okay?, I sent Libby and Nikki inside" "actually I feel good, a little out of breath but good" "how did you do that?" "I'm not entirely sure she angered me calling me a skank and a power chaser and you needed someone like her not me, next thing I knew I was up in flames, Tara actually loved it isn't that weird". "It's probably, one of your gifts beautiful, we'll speak to Mark in the morning and see if he has any idea how to help you control these." "Agreed but we must head back inside now it's Mateo's birthday." 

Mateo instantly ran over to us, ***"is everything okay one of the boys linked me what had gone on why didn't you grab me?"*** his eyes fixed on Amelia ***"actually Amelia handled it herself anyway"*** all of a sudden I see Mateos eyes grow wide, his nose twitching, I knew that look I'd seen it before, he smells her, she's here. ***"Go find her!"*** I yell. He runs off like a lost puppy. The only people that came in when while we were out was Nikki and Libby and we knew it wasn't Nikki. Libby, it's Libby ***"Libby is his mate"*** I whispered in Amelia's ear she looked confused."Shes only just arrived and he only now smelt her" So we head back in, staring at the bar where they're both locking eyes, Libby looks slightly uncomfortable and Mateo looks as if he's about to eat his pray. ***"Come on Luc we take over behind the bar for her to give her some time with Matty, he deserves it after all"*** I just nod, so many mixed feelings right now. We take over from behind the bar and Amelia shows them into the back where they can have peace for a moment. We work for while and come to realise the place is beginning to empty it must be closing time. ***"Amelia what if she's in on Jackson plans with Haisley?" "I don't know Luc it's crossed my mind but Mateo wouldn't betray us you know that"*** I was aware that but I also didn't want him to lose him over it, this is messed up why can't things go our way. ***"I know I just care bare the thought of putting you in harms way beautiful."*** 

***"You won't be, I am happy to swear a blood oath to your pack if you will accept me, Mateo and I have had a long chat about everything in which I had no idea of any of it, that I can assure you, Haisley has been here and there for some time but hasn't really bothered with me. I work here most of the time to get out of the pack, It's gone very strict and I know Alpha will not give the title over to his son, as he's not competent. So it's just a mess and he's being an ass"***  coming from behind me, christ I can smell the scents mixed from here they already mated, Mateo doesn't hang around I know but for his mate I thought he might. ***"MATEO ALREADY!"*** I yelled, ***"sorry, I.. I mean we couldn't resist, You were right though it's the best feeling in the world like being on cloud 9"*** I see Libby going a bright red. ***"sorry I didn't mean to embarrass you. Wouldn't you need to grab things from your old pack?" "I don't really have much to bring so Mateo said he would take me shopping tomorrow if you agreed"*** she said shyly. ***"of course but Mateo you will need to arrange with Alpha for her to do her blood oath in the morning"*** we are both looking at him cautiously ***"right you are Amelia" "thank you"*** I hope Amelia understands if something goes wrong we are gonna have to make her rogue, I hope her judgement is right I don't want to see Mateo heartbroken. 

Finally back at the packhouse at 4am. We say our good nights to everyone and welcomed Libby to the pack, it had been a good night all in all Mateo got his birthday wish, an amazing party and only one blip, all in all a good night. As me and Amelia entered our room I could see her glowing eyes staring at me as she headed to the bedroom, only meaning one thing my night wasn't over yet I threw her a devilish smile and chased her to the bedroom, peeling off my shirt on the way. By the time I got to the bedroom Amelia already spread sexily across the bed in just her panties. My throbing member rock hard at the sight of her, drop my jeans to the floor and crawl on top if her. ***"Amelia your not ready for me just yet"*** I tear her panties off and throw them across the room ***"now your ready for me"***. I let my lips meet hers letting my tongue enter her mouth savouring every last taste of her, I gently begin to kiss and nibble down her neck and across her collar bone, Amelia letting out moans and growls at my touch my body almost on fire, I continue down her perfect body until I reach her sweet lips, her scent and taste driving me insane I already feel like I'm going to explode. Amelia grinds herself into me as I lick and suck her sweet spot, she's getting close I gentle slide a finger into her sweet flower, making her moan louder ***"Lucas baby more"*** is all she managed so I slide in another going hard at her now swollen lips feeling her dripping more and more, I feel her starting to quiver under me I pull my fingers out and take her into my mouth taking in every ounce of her orgasm her sweet sweet orgasm. I stop to allow her to regain control, before I know it she's pushed me to lay and slides my cock in deep with one stroke, feeling myself twitching, she grinds and bounces on me hard and fast, pushing harder with every thrust, I bring my hips up to meet every thrust, hearing out bodies smashing into eachother, grabbing on to her perfect breath caressing them only bringing her closer to the edge again moaning louder, ***"Fuck Amelia"*** as she releases herself all over me again, my cock twitching making me aware I'll be finding my own soon enough, I sit up to ready myself to stand knowing she hasn't got over the last orgasm, I press her tight to the wall so both our bodies are incredibly close. She's getting close to the edge again and so am I, It's time as I keep pounding into her, both of us just about to reach our climax I find my canines growing and before I knew it they sank deep into her, while I felt the same, she had marked me too. I licked her mark clean, just leaving a half moon scar on her neck making our orgasm the best we ever had I carried her over to the bed where we just laid ***"I love you Amelia"*** whispering in her ear ***"I love you too Lucas"***. We have both finally become one.
###chapter 49 In the moment 
Can't believe it happened, I don't understand what came over me but I just sunk my canines into his bare neck leaving my print on him, as he did for me. It wasn't even the plan but it just felt right at the time I saw my opportunity and took it. I thought my orgasms were amazing before but that was insane, my whole body reacted making me scream out, the sparks and pulses like electric going through me started to combine with burning lava both intertwining to become one. It sounds painful but my goddess its a whole new level pleasure and to top everything off I've never felt closer to Lucas, now I could what he was feeling but I know he would feel me too, when two become one as they say. We won't be able to hide anything from eachother anymore. Since we marked eachother I just feel like we were in a budding romance which blossomed to complete our bonding, I feel my strength, power and energy heighten along with my senses, more importantly my love for Lucas was stronger than ever, now there's no pulling us apart. 

I stroll into the living room to find Lucas making a cuppa over at the small kitchen ***"Good morning beautiful you look as radiant as ever" "thank you, you coming to cuddle up and watch come FBI files" "I would love to beautiful but I have a few things to take care of then I'm all yours" "I think Libby and Nikki will be up shortly anyway, Libby needs to borrow some clothes so her and Mateo can go shopping, I think Nikki is going to assist her as she did you, meaning once we are both done, I have you all to myself beautiful girl" "can't wait chilled out day?" "sorry not possible, we will be going for dinner tonight I've made reservations but it will be just me and you this time" "okay I was hoping to chill but where are we going?"*** my excited voice pouncing at him like a playful puppy. ***"somewhere every nice I will be wearing a suit, I advise a nice formal dress but we can discuss that later, right now I have to get things done so I can continue with the rest of the day with you"*** giving me a deeper kiss than I anticipated, okay this is definitely even more breath taking than before. ***"I'll see you later baby, enjoy"*** I uttered while biting my lower lip before he wouldn't be going anywhere, I feel myself getting aroused now and the last thing I needed was for Lucas to notice. 

**Amelia I can still smell your sweet nectar down the hall, I'd love to be your panties right now. Too late he did notice his words making my flower twitch.** 

Tara seemed more content today too, she's just happy we are marked. Since Lucas was comfortable having me in the room alone now I decided to take a shower to try and ease the slight ache still present after last night. As I exit the bathroom in just a towel and head to make a cuppa I hear my door open wide it's Nikki, Libby and Mateo. ***"sorry guys I'll just go and pop some clothes on"*** one of Lucas Tee's and a pair of shorts will do, a pair of skinny jeans crop top blazer and and some ankle boots should fit Libby. I throw my hair into a messy bun and head back to the living room. 

***"Your marked Amelia, your finally marked, you know what that means right"*** Mateo a little over excited. ***"Mateo calm down, we haven't spoken to anyone yet"*** a little overwhelmed and still confused as to what it means, ***"Amelia you will soon become the Luna of this pack, his father will hand over the title after your mating ceremony, you and Lucas will become the official Alpha and Luna of this pack"*** I just brush it off ***"Libby here's some clothes for you, and yes I am aware Mat, but it's kind of nerve racking I'm not even ready to be Luna" "You gotta be kidding me right, you already think and act like a Luna now, your going to be perfect"*** Nikki giving me her words of encouragement. ***"Thanks guys means it alot still only happened last night so I have some time for things to settle" "on that note we need to get going so we can get this shopping done" "thanks for the clothes Amelia" "no worries and be prepared Nikki loves to shop it took us a very long time to get through everything" "no worries haven't had any girlie time recently or a proper friend ever it's kinda like I always lurked in Haisley's shadow pretty invisible." "don't worry we have girlie evenings here, and there's no shadows to lurk in we are equal"*** I try to cheer her up abit, she seemed thankful. ***"come on girls we have to go or we'll never get back. "okay okay, chill we leaving, see you soon Luna" "catch you later girls and Matty" 

I potter around the room, I'd discovered a new ability last night, Mateo had found his mate and the cherry on top being I was marked, as I rubbed over my mark sending sparks through my body once again. I wonder what other abilities I have, firstly I had a sense of when someone was masking themselves, now I have flames and fire, needed to control that though it become quite the dangerous if I can't control it. Maybe I can mind read or a protection shield or healing. It's strange I never ever thought I'd have any of this just plain old me, instead I'm a gifted wolf with the most amazing mate, I'm so lucky to have everything I have. I feel my body warm to my thoughts Tara feeling extremely pleased with me for finally realising yes I am special and no one is going to take that away, I can finally say I love myself and everything that I am. 

**Amelia are you at home is it okay for me to drop by Lucas linked me you discovered a new ability. yes I'm at home, of course I'll make you a cuppa, coffee with sugar and milk isn't it?. Right you are Amelia see you in a tick.

Mark appears at the door within minutes. ***"aww Amelia, Lucas didn't mention you were marked, I'm so happy for you both" "actually we both marked eachother the same time it was amazing, I didn't realise how life changing that experience would be and thank you"***  I said excitedly. ***"Well that is some lovely news. You will make an Amazing Luna" "thank you very much, sorry I almost forgot, your coffee is on the coffee table would you like to come and sit down" "that would marvellous Amelia thank you"*** he muttered with a warm smile. ***"about your abilities Amelia I don't think you will know them until you use them or they get triggered unless we try to work out what they are, Lucas mentioned you were a roaring bunch of flames last night and were able to throw fire" "yes it was kind of strange, Haisley wasn't allowed in the club with the amount of security she wouldn't have stood a chance anyway but either way it started an argument and as she angered me more and more I could feel my body heating up. It didn't hurt me but I think it was my anger that triggered it" "I suspect it was but you will need to try and control your anger in able to control the fire, are there any other abilities you are aware of?"*** I sat thinking about everything ***"not that I'm aware of, could I try something I will need to be hurt in some form but don't worry I just want to see if you could potentially heal people". "sounds good to me"*** Mark slices into his arm which pours blood out instantly, thats abit much I didn't think he would go that far ***"Now Amelia I'm going to ask you to heal me, but you must focus on my wound and making sure it heals".*** I see a glowing gold light come over my hands while I focus my energy, ***"Am I really doing this" "yes Amelia, look it's completely gone so I belive you now have 3 abilities according Jordan you should have 4/5 abilities in total but we can't be sure."*** As I stop my hands bringing them to myself they return the their peachy colouring returns.***"This is amazing" "you are incredible Amelia but I do want you to be able to keep your abilities to yourself, others may envy you, fear you or worse want you for personal gain to get what they want, so becareful who you speak to about them especially Brandon, he thinks of himself alot of the time."*** I thought Brandon was nice, why does Lucas and Mark seem to think I can't trust him hes been nothing but nice, even protective of me. ***"Why do both you and Lucas say that I can't trust him, he's been nothing my nice to me?"*** I question ***"he's all about his power and authority Amelia and he can be very manipulative so please don't allow yourself too close" "okay I guess you guys know him better than me" "thank you Amelia, now I must shoot, if you find any other abilities please in touch with me I will be able to devise better treatment plans and so forth if you may need it, you see your abilities may affect certain medication so Jordan tells me anyway" "Thank you Mark it means alot" "My pleasure Luna" 

I continue to clean up and sort through a few things. Since Mark left I find myself in thought alot over my abilities and what others I may hold. Jackson pops to mind, if he knew, I'd probably be taken and restrained so I wouldn't be able to protect my Lucas, but what our marking give him some power of my gifts, I hope so we would be unstoppable, no one would ever come between us again. With that I hear the door open "Amelia darling how are feeling looks like you've been busy with the place", ***"I just thought I'd re arrange a few things." "It looks perfect beautiful" "Mark told me about your healing ability quite exciting isn't it. But he's right the less my Da knows the better" he pulls me into his embrace, plants a kiss on my lips he tastes heavenly. "for our first task of the day, you need to get changed beautiful nothing too special just comfortable will be fine we will come back before our reservation tonight" "why? where are we going? I was hoping to cuddle up", "we have a lifetime together to cuddle up together, I have a treat for you" 
###chapter 50 A date to remember
I rush to get ready as Lucas is very inpatient today. I don't even know what I'm rushing for but Lucas is really excited so I best get a move on. We head out the door and he ushers me into a BMW car. We head towards a newly built building I'd seen it being constructed but didn't have a clue what they were planning. As we got closer ***"Amelia I now need you to close your eyes"*** I feel the car coming to a stop and he blindfolds me, safe to say I can't see a thing. he better be holding my hand my making sure I don't fall. ***"Lucas is there really a need for all this?" "yes beautiful there is" "your like an excited puppy whats going on?"*** I feel the air shift we must have entered the building, and I smell new everything smells new, paint, concrete, wood and maybe a plastic, my anxiety now playing hell but I'm getting a little excited too, what is lucas playing at? Lucas walks me further until we come to halt. ***"Amelia, I'm going to take your blindfold off now,"*** as he unties his knot gently trying not to tug on my hair, I try to adjust my eyes to the brightness barely making out anything. I look around in amazement as my misty eyes get a clearer picture, A gym, they didn't have a gym so I'd been using Biannca's gym. ***"Amelia I hope you like it, it's yours"*** Lucas's words of excitement bouncing off the walls, echoing in my ears. ***"Mine? I love it Lucas thank you, other people can use to too, I won't be able to keep all this for myself. It's amazing it has everything here" "I was thinking atleast you have so where to go when you need a release and didn't want you not doing your gymnastics because you didn't have a gym now you have it all here."***  I look around inn amazement he did all this for me, I appreciate he likes to shower me with gifts, I've never been given anything really until I met him this but this has to be the most meaningful gift anyone could give me ***"you are full of surprises Mr Silverstone this one has to be the best one yet, I love you baby"*** planting a kiss on his perfect lips. I run off and start doing some tricks in the mats letting myself enjoy is while I felt Lucas's stare directly on me unable to peel his eyes away probably. The mats so new they still don't have the give in them making it easier, he had thought of bars, beams, trampolines, soft pits literally everything it's surreal is this all a dream because it surely feels like it. I must have been messing around a while as Lucas sat and watched in awe. 

After me messing around for a good while we head back to the pack house, still in complete shock what he had done for me and slightly tired now that I'd been doing some gymnastics for a while. I wonder how everyone is getting on with shopping, hope they take it easier on Libby than what she did on me, I was completely exhausted when she was finished with me. Libby seems like she's being honest and didn't really have anything to hide. ***"Any news on the black shadow pack this morning after Libby connected to ours," "actually yes they called my father to ask what the deal was and well they couldn't really do anything about it seen as it's for a mate bond, council would throw it out anyway." "so she's officially one of us" "that is correct beautiful"*** I wonder how Haisley feels about it all, she's gotta be pissed that Libby is now mated to a Beta and Lucas's beta of all people I can't help but smile at my thoughts. 

Lucas ushers me into the house, other whispering and talking like it wasn't suspicious at all. ***"yes everyone we are both marked if that's what everyone is whispering about and I'm very happy that we only have our mating ceremony to complete now"*** Lucas almost yells at everyone, they all pause in silence. ***"that got them to stop didnt it"*** Lucas chuckled. We walked into our room, I head straight to put the kettle on, I need an energy boost so tea is pointless I'll go with coffee. ***"what time is dinner tonight?"*** I asked ***"booked for 6" "so we only have 2 hours, how long is the drive 15/20 minutes" " so I have an hour and a half to get ready?" "yeh around that" "okay baby".*** I finish off, making coffee and sit down to drink it before heading off for a shower. 

As I get ready letting thoughts go through my head, what would happens if Jackson did manage to kidnap me? How would anybody find me, the thoughts on repeat now since Haisley and my show, she probably went running back to Jackson on what I did. I sigh hard before I know it warm arms enveloping me in, ***"you need to stop this worrying beautiful I am here nothing is happening? "you are safe, did you forget that I feel how you feel, what's going on in that amazing brain of yours" "just the whole Jackson situation it's fine" "we'll worry about that again."*** he gently kissed my forehead, he's right not now , so I pushed my thoughts to the back of my mind and continued to get ready, with my hair just dried leaving beachy waves, that would be fine, I continues to make up, light but elegant, with a golds and peach blend eye effect and a lovely rose peach colour lipstick to finish off. I was wearing my nude spaghetti strap with diamanté detailing, long dress with a slit, figure hugging on top with a slight flow to the skirt due to the slit, I was perfect, I've got a white bag and shoes and a white shrug to go over my shoulders to complete the look. Everything matched perfectly bar my beachy waves so I go back to add a little more elegance to my hair I put it up in to a low neatly folded bun with a softly curled strand coming over my cheek, now I was ready. ***"Lucas we will have to leave in ten minutes if you want to be on time" "I'm here beautiful"***I see hes amazed by my appearance, "my, my,my, Luna you look exquisite."*** Already feeling thats he's highly turned on right now, ***"Why, thank you Alpha you look captivating yourself"*** Lucas wearing a light grey 3 piece suit with a very pale pink tie, making his silvery blue eyes pop, his ever so seductive eyes. 

Upon arrival at  The Blue Dragon restaurant they took both our jackets and took us straight to our table, which was with a spectacular view over the mountains and valleys. ***"Mr and Mrs, any drinks you require while I go and get your menu", "We'll take a bottle of Dom Perpignon 1947 please"*** Lucas replied confidently,I never even heard of it to know if I like it, I'll trust him. ***"yes sir, I'll get your drinks and bring your menus now" "thank you"*** The waiter constantly looking at me, making me rather uncomfortable, Lucas reaches his hand over to me to comfort me. ***"It's okay there's alot of people admiring your beauty, it's making me unsettled too"*** The waiter returns and pours our glasses and leaves the bottle in the ice bucket for us, and hands us our menus, ***"I'll be back shortly to take your orders"*** Lucas just nods signaling him to go. I open the menu to find I don't know anything on the menu it's all fancy stuff, sitting there confused, I look over at Lucas who catches a glimpse of me looking confused. I take it you haven't been anywhere like this. ***"I'll order for us it's okay, you'll enjoy I think I'll go easy on you and just get a lobster with all the trimmings."*** the waitress popping out of no where ***"is that your order? sorry I overheard on the way to the table" "yes please." "Good choice it will be with you shortly."***

***"Beautiful here isn't it, I've been coming here with my parents for years"*** I try to take in the surroundings ***"could say that, I've never been anywhere like it, don't they do simple menus" "it's all simple when you understand it, they just use different wording, that's their secret is sounds posher than what it is Amelia darling" " will you be okay here while I pop to the mens room" " we're in a crowded restaurant I think I'm fine" "okay I'll be 2 ticks"*** Lucas wonders off to the men's room, I can feel nervousness, but not my own but why is Lucas nervous surely it can't be that bad leaving me to use the toilet. I feel many eyes on me, I seen many of women ogling Lucas too, a little jealousy ran through me but I knew he only had eyes for me and I the same for him, we are the perfect combination and nothing was going to change that, ***"hey beautiful sorry there was a few in there" "it's  fine but the stares didn't easy off"*** saying it a little louder so people could hear. ***"I'm not surprised they have their eyes on you, your glowing my girl, if your glowing like that now can you imagine how radiant you will be carrying out pups"*** I almost choke on my drink not expecting that to come out, we both wanted pups we knew that but I wasn't ready to share yet. ***"don't worry I'm not ready to share you yet either"*** almost as if he could read my mind, letting relief shower over me. Three waiters approach the table and place out the food neatly, it smelt mouth watering, there was alot of food though. Surely we couldn't get through all this. ***"enjoy your meal"*** one waiter spoke. ***"thank you"*** I expressed my gratitude. 

As we tucked into food, the food tastes 100% better than it smelt, almost melting in my mouth, I've never had food with so much flavour, textures that all complimented eachother perfectly. ***"I make a good choice beautiful?"*** I moan in approval ***"I told you you'd like it make sure you keep room for desert though, you have to try the chocolate and cherry soufflé it's the perfect finish"***  I couldn't promise this food is to die for. ***"I'll try"*** is all I could manage. Food went along and conversation flowing, deserts ordered, safe to say we are going to come here again, maybe I'll try something different. Our deserts came mine looked different from a distance that's because it was, It's like one of my chick flick films where the man proposes.... suddenly it dawned on me and looked to find Lucas on one knee to the side of me, I looked at my plate the sauce spelt  'marry me?', I feel my eyes welling up, ***"Amelia we may have marked eachother and will complete our traditional ceremony, but during that I want to become legally yours aswell for that we need to marry, I love you with everything that I am and all that I'll be, Will you be my wife, my mate and my Luna?"*** okay tears are in full force, I can't even think of trying to speak I just dive into his arms and his him never wanting it to stop. Of course I'm going to marry this man he's is my whole universe. ***"shall I take that as a yes" "yes, yes, yes, I don't know how many times I'm gonna say it but yes, I love you Lucas"*** 



###chapter 51 Too much in a short time
It's been two whole days since the proposal, along with a whole lot of busy with telling everyone, the only people left to tell were Nina and Rich, which we would share the news tonight. Everyone seemed really excited for us and couldn't wait for the ceremony and wedding all in one then, then following week we are to take over the pack in the Alpha ceremony where everyone would be appointed, but he's still struggling to find a chief warrior. So I think he's doing some sort of trials with Evan today with the warriors to see who would be suitable for the title. While I've been asked to join Ma today for some Luna stuff although I don't think it's going to be about Luna stuff at all more like wedding talk. I couldn't wait and to add her and Nina are the closest I'm going to get to a mother after all. I let out a large breath feeling the sadness wash over me, If only she was here. 

**Amelia are you okay?  yeh just thinking about my mother and how I wouldn't have her to share my big day, but I do have Nina and your Ma who treat me like there own. It's okay to feel sad beautiful it's only natural, have you thought about when you want to do this? cause I was kinda thinking Saturday but we would have to decide so Da can send out the invites for some members to other packs. Lucas you think we can pull off a wedding in four days? Yeh why wouldn't we? we have a massive field I can put a marquee on, and decorate then turn it around after the ceremony, we have plenty of decoration, flowers, an arch and so forth. Saturday it is then, I love you Alpha. I love you more Luna.** 

Okay so today will definitely be wedding talking. We'll make plans to go shopping for my dress tomorrow, Nikki will want to do my hair and make up for my big day. Oh lord what am I doing how the hell am I going to pull this off. I head to Lucas parents house where I will be meeting Ma, deep in thought I see one of the guards running towards me in the corner of my eye. ***"Amelia I completely forgot about this, there's a letter here for you, I don't know who it's from but it was left at the boarder of the tree line" "Thanks Mike" "no worries Luna".*** I place it in my pocket and toddle my way to Ma's house. 

***"Amelia darling come in, I have tea waiting for you." "Thank you"***  We head into the kitchen, it's always the kitchen with her, she loves it in here. ***"Congratulations on finally getting marked, I know Lucas is over the moon." "We both are, I thought I loved him before but since marking it's just grown, I think we are both feeling the effects of our bond strengthening by the day" "I am so happy for you both, when do we plan on having the ceremony to finalise the process?"*** I start to get a little nervous the fact we only have four days to pull this off. ***"well that's what Lucas surprised me with this morning, seen as he wants to not only have a mating ceremony he wants to married legally by the state too, he wants all this by Saturday" "Saturday? ... we better get to work then"*** she replied bursting with excitement. ***"I would like you to come dress shopping with me along with Nina, Nikki and Libby" "of course I will why wouldn't I? your my daughter now"*** I feel warm fuzzy feeling, she sees me as her daughter, I couldn't be happier so overwhelmed I wrap my arms around her. ***"Hey, let's get some plans together what do you think" "Good idea, Lucas wants a big marquee put on the training field. he mentioned you have everything we would need?" "that is correct Amelia we have all the decorations and if he wants in on the training field on the field it is. I'll get the staff to sort decorations and placements out the morning of the wedding the main things to organise is flowers, dresses, shoes and accessories for you and the girls and suits for Lucas and the boys" "can't forget invitations, I'd like them to be simple and elegant." "I know someone we could see in one of the stores just inside the border she is probably the best I know. I also know a bakery just in the next town who could make your wedding cake., I'm so excited"*** I see her frown slightly ***"Ma are you okay?" "yes dear just brings up the memories I don't have of that kind of thing, you see me and Brandon are chosen mates, arranged, it was never nice and fancy just a duty really. It still hurts now to know my true mate is out there" "Lucas did mention something but I didn't know it was still affecting you, I mean I thought you just fell in love after marking" " you do and I do truly love Brandon but I always feel a missing piece of me is somewhere and it hurts. That's why I was so keen on Lucas to find a true mate not a chosen it leaves a little hole you will never fill"*** tears start to stain Ava's face I wrap my arms around her, while she trys to regain composure.***"come on Amelia let's get in touch with some people to visit tomorrow". 

Turns out the florist in the pack has space for us today, so we head on over in the car after lunch. ***"Good afternoon Luna's, so we're looking for some bouquets are we?" "yes indeed we are one bride, two bridesmaids and a flower basket for a flower girl" "we'll also need boutonnieres to match for the grooms men, call that five."*** I suggested. ***"that's fine my darling all will be ready for you Friday, do you have any idea what flowers your looking for?" "white roses, I want a splash of gold and icey blue/ silver going through" "I think I know what I can do with that I'm guessing you want silk" "yes please"*** I answered ***"lovely to have met you Amelia I will give you a shout when they are ready for you and Ava I'll see you soon"  "Nice to have met you too, thank you for your help."*** That's the first thing on the list to be checked off, We have an appointment in the bridal shop in the mall for bridesmaid dresses and my dress, the cake maker will be making a cake, adding silver and gold detailing and some roses, just need to sort out the invitations and dresses tomorrow.

**Amelia my beautiful bride to be, I hope you and my mother have had a lovely day together, I've informed my father of Saturday too and luckily he only has to pay a small sum to afficiate the wedding side so he is doing that and also we have sorted invitations out already and they have gone out thanks to the cavalry. Thats amazing Lucas one thing less for me to do tomorrow, flowers and cake are sorted, Ma said she will get staff to arrange the marquee and decor the day of the wedding as we won't be having our ceremony until dark. I think she will be getting staff to do the catering too. I have to go shopping with everyone tomorrow you and the boys, Rich and Da have an appointment in the tailors tomorrow at 11.30  do not be late. See beautiful I told you we could do it in 4 days love you see you later. I love you too baby.** 
###chapter 52 Letter
Okay I must have tried on about 25 dresses now and still havnt found the one I hope Lucas was having more luck in the tailors. I feel myself getting extremely frustrated now with everyone agreed none of the dresses where sitting right on me. So the assistant insisted I put a blind fold on and she was going to try something a little different from what I'd already tried. As I popped myself into the surprise number it's figure hugging, backless and strapless, it's extremely light and comfortable, I felt amazing it felt like my dress even if I couldn't see myself. The girls silent, no one saying a word, which was only making me feel even more nervous. As they untie the blindfold, my eyes take a little time to adjust. I look in the mirror in surprise, a ivory dress with a sweetheart neckline, mermaid style, it was perfect, lace detail all the way through no other colour bar ivory, a gorgeous long lace train paired with a matching veil it was perfect. The girls left completely speechless only confirming it was my dress, **it's flawless and the prefect tone and style for your skin tone and personality as if it was made for you Amelia** Tara exclaimed while my eyes misted up with tears forming, I never believed I'd ever be doing any of this. ***"I think we have our brides dress by the look on her face, now to find bridesmaids and a flower girl dresses."*** Ma pressed on knowing we have limited time ***"you wanted silver you said we have these"*** I look over while dabbing my eyes, their gorgeous one shoulder strap with floral detail on the strap, it has some diamanté detailing, with a longer at the back, shorter at the front, it's a chiffon material so it's light and airy looks comfortable and elegant. ***"So girls what do you think?". "We think it's perfect we couldn't of picked a nicer dress"*** Nikki blurted out unable to contain her excitement. ***"It comes as a part of a collection so comes with both shoes and a bag to match" "we"ll take them"*** Ma agrees, ***"now what about our little flower girl Best till last as they say"*** Nova looks over shyly, ***"it's okay no need to be shy you'll have a choice of what you wear"*** I said lovingly. ***"ok thank you" "we have a junior bridesmaid dress similar to the two you have but it's double straped and the skirt is one length." "what you think of that one? I'll look like Nikki," "a little yeh" "then I want that one nikki always knows how to look pretty" "you sure?"*** I checked for a confirmation ***"yeh I'm sure" "okay that one it is" "this also comes with a bag and shoes for you" "thank you madame I appreciate you helping us today, when should we collect everything." "well I have all the measurements I need so Friday morning will be fine yours and Nova won't need any alterations, where your two bridesmaids just need to be taken in a little on the waist" "thats amazing I will see you Friday morning" "Amelia how would you like to pay cash or card, it's card and she won't be paying I am after all she will be my daughter in 3 days."*** I look over at her surprised not sure how I should react ***"thank you Ava but there was no need" "don't be silly your making my son the happiest man on earth what more could I ask for plus your nearly my daughter too"*** I feel my eyes starting to well up at her words, she pulls me into her embrace ***"come on now, dry those tears were all family each and everyone one of us you have two women who class you as their daughter even if not by blood, three beautiful girls who now class you as a sister, we are your family now matter what."*** realising how much I'd been missing over the years Ava knew axactly what to say and truly made me feel like a part of something ***"thank you, I've just never had any kind of acceptance until I went to Nina and Rich, everything went from there, if it wasn't for them I may not be where I am now. I never in my life expected any of this, I thought I was just going to be a lone wolf without a pack living amongst humans for the rest of my life"* Tara showing me some affection to comfort me *"if there's any consolation I'm glad they made you rogue you've made me and Rich very proud of the woman your becoming"*** Nina exclaimed. ***"on that note I think we all need some lunch I know of a nice bistro 10 minutes from here?"*** Nina continued. ***"I'm starving"*** Nikki blurted out. ***"me too"*** joined Nova, she looks up to Nikki alot, which is good, Nikki is kind, caring, hard working and an amazing fashion guru.

We have been out nearly all day and since we already eaten I mutter ***"We need to  head back the boys are off out tonight for Lucas Stag do."  "don't you want a hen do Amelia?" "I'm quite happy with just chill out. I don't really want to go out and make a fool of myself"*** I chuckled. ***"that I can't blame you for"*** Libby replied laughing herself. ***"How about we just book into the spa, mani, pedi, massage, steam room, sauna, jacuzzi, aromatherapy rooms and finish off with a meal in the evening?" "that actually sound lovely Lib, but where?"  "there's one just the other side of town, it's really nice there, I've been a few times with Haisley."*** Libby answered confidently until she realised it was reminding her of Haisley and she brought that up, she just bowed her head and sighed. ***"Lib it's okay for it to get to you sometimes were not perfect, no one is, we all have feelings that we can't control"*** I place my arm around her gently to reassure her. ***"thank you for understanding"*** 

Back at the pack house Lucas more or less ready to go out, ***"I've been missing you"*** I whisper. ***"I know beautiful I miss you too"*** planting a deep kiss on my lips ***"Let's get our wedding sorted I can't wait to become your Alpha and your husband for the rest of our lives but we can have a few days just me and you before we get back to duties at the pack like a honeymoon maybe?, how's my Ma, she seems to be bursting with energy at the moment" "shes doing really well at the moment, I think she's really excited for our wedding, she is even calling me her daughter now makes me feel warm and fuzzy."*** ***"I'm glad she's doing well and I'm glad you two are hitting it off as well as I'd hoped"  "I won't be around tomorrow day the girls have booked to go to a spa for the day and an evening meal apparently I need a relaxing day before Friday because we're busy collecting everything, ready for Saturday. Oh and it's Nina and Rich doing the catering for Saturday, I hope you don't mind." "no worries just enjoy yourself, you deserve to. Of course it's fine their food is amazing also Amelia I would like you to try and go to the gym at some point too to just let everything out, I'm letting my frustration out in training but yours is building up I can feel it."***  I hear banging on the door, ***"come on Luc your not getting out of this. I will drag your sorry ass out of there if I have to" "that's my cue, I'll see you tomorrow beautiful I love you"*** kissing my forehead before turning to get out the door. ***"I love you too"*** frowning to myself before he leaves. 

It's hurting more and more everytime he leaves and this dull ache for him doesn't go until he's here, right here with me. It's getting painful, I can't wait until we can spend our time together again, I'm sure he's feeling the pain I feel too. we've been apart far too much lately, even Tara is sulking. I start to clean and tidy up to take my mind off things. As I start to put the clothes away, a letter slips out of my jacket, oh I completely forgot about this so busy with wedding talk, the letter didn't even exist. Just a plain envelope with my name strange, who would just leave this on the boarder. As I open the letter I instantly recognise the handwriting, it's Romans but why would he write to me now after all this time. 
###chapter 53 Are we ready?
*Dear Amelia, 
                      I know I should have written this sooner and I'm sorry I didn't but I couldn't find the words to say, you ran away, I didn't know what to think anymore, you left me. I hope you are settled well into your new life without me. I'm aware you found your mate after you ran away I was so hurt and so sure you would be with me forever and then to make things worse I found out you actually mated and went on to live with him and be his Luna. A Luna of all things life just kept throwing things at me. I was distraught to think you actually left me. My Amelia left me for an alpha, I had rejected my true mate thinking you would come back to me as we promised together for ever chosen mates, that's what we promised. Either way Amelia you will be my mate one way or another, I will come for you Amelia you are MINE! *

*The pack security got tighter, training got harder and God only knows but the Alpha was secretive. Rumours flying around that there were threats to the pack other saying we were preparing for battle, I hope it's with the scum that has taken you away from me, I am now alone and weak while your living the high life. I'm going to take every ounce of that away from you I promise you that and we can be together happily as we should have been.*

*I love and miss you Amelia, words cannot describe my feelings right now. I can't wait to be reunited my sweet*. 

*Roman 
xxx* 

What the hell is this in aid of,  it's a threat but kind of love letterall at the same time. I never ran away for starters I was made rogue because of him and his actions which I have no idea of. How the hell can he put all this on me when he hasn't even bothered to check on me or anything else for that matter. Another hurdle to get over now great, as if we don't have enough on our plate. Question is do I handle this myself or should I tell Lucas, it's only going to infuriate him even more. Tara frantic **you cant hide this Amelia mate wouldn't be happy. I know I just don't want to hurt him and cause more stress than we have. Amelia you will hurt Lucas more if you hide it and he finds out another way.** I guess Tara is right it would break him if he knew I had hidden it if he find out from someone else making me feel uneasy about telling him, I decided Friday would be best he's out to enjoy tonight I'm out all day tomorrow so Friday evening hopefully we will have some quiet time just the two of us. 

Friday morning and afternoon had been busy to say the least between picking everything up and sorting out decor out with the staff, what we wanted what we didn't want, where everything was going to go and who's doing what, this stuff is exhausting. Luckily Lucas and I had the evening to just be together before we go our separate ways again tomorrow midday until we meet at the alter. We ordered a pizza and put a film on and cuddled up on the sofa. ***"I can't wait for tomorrow beautiful we complete our mating process and become husband and wife" "I'm excited too"*** also feel a little uneasy too, all because of that stupid letter. ***"Whats the matter Amelia you dont seem fully committed?"*** Lucas asked. ***"it's not that I love you Lucas I want you and only you for the rest of my life I'm just scared that everything is going to fall apart after this"*** showing my insecurities. ***"what do you mean beautiful? talk to me I'm sure we can work this out together" "firstly there's the problem with Jackson, now Roman too I just can't catch a break" "isn't that your friend from the old pack?"*** I nod in defeat ***"here he sent me a letter read for yourself"*** As soon as Lucas starts reading I can feel his anger beginning to rise, letting out a growl as he reaches the end. ***"Amelia this is not your fault, one you didn't run away you got thrown away, if the alpha isn't honest with it's pack that's a bad sign and Roman wouldn't stand a chance beautiful, I'm not giving you up in this lifetime or the next you are my one and only" "I know that but it's as if he's blaming everything on me when I did nothing wrong, they blamed him for why I was made rogue, I kinda feel sorry for him he's been in the dark and rejected his mate for me and I don't want him back it's just confusing, I found you and I was never letting you go after that. why didn't he do or feel the same" "it's okay to feel like that beautiful and it's certainly not your fault for any of this. You are following your destiny and we just meet a couple of hurdles but we will get through all of this together."*** he brings me in tighter, planting a kiss on my head as a let out a slight sob, his reassurance is warm and comforting soon bring me back to calm and relaxed. ***"come on baby let's enjoy the rest of this film then head to bed, no being naughty now Amelia we will have plenty of that after our wedding"*** sending a wink at me, I just wanted him close I didn't want seductive playful Lucas I wanted the warm comforting loving Lucas, his company was all I needed.

Saturday morning flew by Lucas and I sat down for a light lunch before he would be taken away from me, and the girls over run the place to get me and themselves ready. ***"Todays the day baby we become one for the rest of our lives"*** I express ***"we became one the moment we met beautiful but today we make it official and you are completely off limits to anyone other than me" "double check Mateo has the rings when you head over" "don't worry they'll be in safe hands",*** I take our dishes and put them in the dishwasher, ***"right it's almost 1 beautiful I'll have to leave soon, you need the time to ready yourself and the girls. Me and the boys will help Nina and Rich to lay out the food ready for after the ceremony"."thank you send them up once your done with that", "will do, I'll see you later beautiful"*** planting a kiss on my head. ***"later baby" ***

The gin was going down well while we were all getting ready and giggling at one and other. Lucas's Ma decided she would join us. Nikki was getting on with doing people's make-up and hair,  I was left until last. ***"Girls it's half 3 now the ceremony is at half 4 we have an hour and no one is dressed"*** Nina muttered. Libby and Nova go to get dressed, Lucas's Ma expressed that she would get back to Brandon to get ready and meet us there. Nina was already dressed, I just needed my make up and dress , shoes, jewellery and I'll be good to go. my hair pinned off my face into a half updo with gentle curls coming down my back, and a messy, elegant looking half up half down hairstyle, my make up now finished into perfection, soft nudes and golden browns, giving me a natural make over, I looked flawless, ***"is the beautiful bride ready yet?" Rich shouted from the living room. "just need to get her dressed" "well hurry up" "don't get your knickers in a twist dear"*** Nina chuckled. They helped slide me into my dress, it felt even more perfect than before, slightly more fitted too. Nikki carefully slid my veil into my hair avoiding destroying her masterpiece, Libby put on the necklace Jordan had given me and put my shoes on for me. ***"come on ladies it's 4.25 we only have 5 minutes"*** in the last word the girls opened the door to present me to Rich who started to well up instantly. ***"now that's worth waiting for, you look gorgeous my girl, here this is a gift for you,"*** a crystal hair piece that attached directly under my veil so when I took that off I would have the perfect hair piece to match everything else. ***"now your ready my darling let's get you hitched". "Thank You for everything Rich will you do me the pleasure of walking me down the aisle?"*** I asked full of pride. ***"I thought you'd never ask"***

###chapter 54 Our evening 
One by one the girls walked down the aisle, ***"Rich I'm scared everyone is staring" "can't say I blame them your a goddess youself, just hold on to me and look at the end of the aisle you will be fine" "thank you"*** I whispered at his comforting words. This was it my moment to walk, seemed like it took forever, Lucas staring at me the whole time, I could feel the love radiating from us, he looked amazing, charcoal grey 3 price suit, silver ties and pocket square, his hair has the messy but put together look, his eyes sparkling in the lights that surrounded us and of course that stubble, he looked like a God. As I come to the end of the aisle I see his eyes welling up a little, ***"you are my goddess Amelia, I've never seen anyone so beautiful" "thank you, very handsome yourself".*** Rich places my hands into Lucas's ***"please take care of my girl" "like my life depends on it".*** Brandon clears his throat to gather everyone's attention, to proceed. ***"As you are aware we are here today to join Amelia and Lucas in marriage and to complete their mating ceremony" "we would like to thank you all for coming and sharing this special moment in our son and soon to be daughters lives. I believe they have prepared their own vows. So Lucas we will start with yours,"***

***"okay thank you, Amelia when I first met you, there was something about you, I didn't understand it, but turns out I found my true Luna that night, you are my light in the dark, my shoulder to cry on, my strength, my weakness and everything in between. I will spend the rest of my life caring, supporting, protecting and loving you, I couldn't of asked for a better wife than I have in you".*** Okay how am I supposed to match that. ***"Amelia and yours"*** nodding at me. 

***"How am I supposed to match such a beautiful speech I don't know but, Lucas you are my saviour my God and I am truly blessed I was chosen for you. You make me happy when I'm down, laugh when I cry, your my home when I'm lost. I never thought I'd find love like this, but I stand here now filled with love and joy as I look in to your eyes I see our present and future together as one."*** Lucas actually shedding tears nd his hand starting to shake.***"rings please can you now exchange rings,"*** as we exchange our rings, his father babbles other things, you may now kiss your bride. Finally Lucas kissed me hard and deep, before I knew it both our canines were protruding, time to re mark. ***"You are now Husband and wife, and Your mating ritual will continue."

Lucas rushes me to the bedroom where we complete mating, only this time we made love sweet sweet love. ***"we have been here a long time now Amelia, I think we should head down and join the party before we shift to complete the ritual".*** I nod in agreement but I was enjoying having him to myself.

We join the party, greeting some guests, people telling us it's such a beautiful wedding, how amazing we looked together. ***"It's almost time Amelia will Nina and Rich be okay with the shifting or would you like me to keep them busy? I won't be shifting either way."*** I know they knew everything but I still didn't think they would be able to be fine with seeing this. ***"could you keep them busy then as I don't want them to get frightened at everyone shifting, thanks Ma" "my pleasure Amelia"*** as she takes them to the packhouse to ask about recipes and so on.

Alpha announces ***"it's now time for Lucas and Amelia to complete the mating ritual by shifting and the rest of the pack will follow***. Lucas shifts quickly and nods to me to indicate its time , he howls at the moon and looks over to me shifting in my space Damon and Tara both extremely happy to be with eachother, nuzzling into one an other. To fully complete our bond Tara and Damon must mate which wasn't an issue for them they were more than happy. Both exhausted after hunting playing and mating they lay down for a short while just enjoying eachothers company. Time to head back everyones heading home, there's a blanket on the post ready for you.   

After an eventful night we literally had no energy left for anything other than wrapping ourselves up into a blanket and going to sleep in eachothers arms ***"I love you hubby" "I love you too wifey".***

Finally we're fully mated and married. Amelia had no idea what was coming next I'd planned our honeymoon as soon as she said yes to Saturday. We would leave this evening on a plane to Greece I'm glad she has no idea yet, just lucky we have a private jet saves having to go through the whole airport and what not, the family have a property in Greece that wasn't being used so why not make the most of it. I have my girl all to myself, doing whatever we please I couldn't be a happier man right now. It's also an escape from all the drama we have back here, we need to get away from it all. 

***"Good morning beautiful, how is my wife on this fine morning?" "I'm very well thank you how about you?" "I'm the happiest man alive Amelia, how about going down for breakfast this morning, so I can show you off as my wife" "I'd love to I'll just go get something appropriate on and we'll head down" "no worries"*** I know Amelia prefers to have breakfast just the two of us but we should start being with the pack members more so they can get to know her and her them. I'm not too sure when Da plans on us taking over the pack but I'm pretty sure it won't be too long Ma is getting worse, I'm sure when Amelia is more capable of controlling herself more she will do what she can for my Ma until then we can't risk both of them in the process. 

We get down to breakfast the with hall cheering as we enter as newly weds, I get us both a coffee and the staff come over with different platers of food to choose from, Amelia sticks with yogurt, fresh fruit and some toast, while I go all out on a full hearty breakfast with all the trimmings letting grunts of approval. Mateo and Libby chuckling amongst themselves Nathan and Nikki just eating in silence. People walking back and forth congratulating us both and how we will make wonderful Alpha and Luna. Amelia just looks radiant, she has this amazing glow about her today more so than usual, it's amazing seeing how well she's communicating with everyone as if she's known them for years, I think she's gonna be just fine. ***"Are you ready to head back up my Luna?" "ready when you are baby" "catch you all later"*** saying our goodbyes as we leave the table and head back up to our room.

**Lucas your mother isn't too well today.**
###chapter 55 Change of plan
**Lucas your mother isn't doing so well today she hasn't got out of bed your father is well being Your father and just telling her to rest, as you know I've ran numerous of tests and there's nothing medically wrong with her. I was wondering may be Amelia could try and help a little just to give me some more time, we just won't let your father know what Amelia did. 
We'll be there now Mark thank you for letting me know . **

***"Amelia we must go and see my mother apparently she isn't doing so well today she hasn't moved from bed and the further tests that Mark has taken some bloods and ran some tests only prove she's medically fine. No body knows why she gets like this, but it's getting worse lately." "just a thought here, is it because she doesn't have her true mate and the bond just isn't strong enough? I don't know how chosen mates work" "it's a possibility, it's crossed my mind." ***

We head to the bedroom where his mother is ***"well Ma your not looking so great, bad day I take it" "just a little tired it's been a busy week this week." "that it has Ma now Amelia is going to place her hands over yours, you may feel warm or cold maybe even a little woozy but it's okay it should help you out for a short while giving us a little more time to figure all this out" "Theres no need I'm fine just need a little more sleep"*** this is where I get my stubbornness from, ***"no Ma I want you to feel a little better asleast"*** Amelia leans down, ***"Ma I won't if you really don't want me to but I won't hurt you, and I'm doing this for you to feel a little more yourself, not for Lucas not for Mark not for me and not for Brandon, all for you, so what do you say?"*** my mother just nods ever so slightly maybe even scared, in all honesty I am too I don't know how Amelia can feel so comfortable with this. Amelia places her hands over my mothers and closes her eyes and focuses, with her hands begining to glow a little, my mother face almost in shock, Amelia sat there for almost 5 minutes just hold my mothers hands, when Amelia lifted her hands away, and turned to me, ***"that's all I can do, I'm exhausted now." "Thank you Amelia I feel a million times better whatever you did it worked, I feel much better" "Ava I do advise you to rest up today no duties or anything just light stuff, making a tea or something but you will need to keep that energy for now. As for you Amelia you look very pale, drained like someone took the life out of you so I'd advise you got to bed and get some rest yourself." "I will be Mark I don't think I'd be able to stay awake even if I wanted to, I just want some sleep now." "thank you again Amelia" "it's fine let me know when you need a boost, lets just keep this between us though"*** as we make our way back to the packhouse Amelia started to stumble a little so I carry her bridal style, falling asleep almost instantly, so when we got in I  put her to bed. I noticed she wasn't wearing the ring either, I put it on her right away hoping it would give her some energy back a little faster as Jordan said it was for her energy or something.

Sat in the living room chatting with the boys for abit while Amelia sleeps, ***"I'm in two minds  whether to go in this honeymoon or not now, Ma is getting worse and Amelia is completely drained" "I have an idea, my parents own a cottage around 2 hours away from here I'm sure they wouldn't mind you using it for the honeymoon, that way you can get back if you needed to?"*** Nathan kindly offered. ***"Actually that doesn't sound like a bad idea" "I'll double check with them and let you know," "thanks" "how's things with Libby mat" "actually pretty amazing I think she'll want to be marked soon, it comes up in conversation alot but I don't know when, you'll know buddy"*** atleast thats something to look forward to. ***"forgot to tell you guys we potentially have another threat well it's to me specifically, remember Amelia used to bring up this Roman guy, well he sent her a letter, basically telling her she's going to be with him whether she likes it or not they chose eachother as chosen a long time ago but she found me, accepted me, he didn't do the same for his true mate he rejected her and still hung up on Amelia."***  the boys look in shock. ***"you guys can't catch a break can you." "the best part is that the black shadow pack stated she ran away to him when you look at her background it clearly states she was made rogue, so they are lying to their pack about her but the question is why? it had already crossed my mind they knew about her being a desert wolf and they felt she was a threat so they got rid of her but I still don't understand". "he wouldn't stand a chance anyway your an alpha he's just a warrior"*** both the boys laughing at mateos statement. ***"these people need to get better lives".*** I nod in agreement with Nathan. ***"I'm gonna get some lunch ready now for my sleeping beauty in there. I'll see you guys inabit"***

I think I'll do a nice chicken stir fry get Amelia's energy levels up abit, hopefully Evan and Trish will come through and give us the all ok, meaning we can still have our honeymoon. I set the table letting thoughts take me away, I wonder if it because Ma hasn't got her true mate that's why she's getting poorly, maybe Amelia knows more than she lets on, Ma and her have been spending lot of time together maybe my mother opened up to her the burden of a chosen mate, I know she was very driven for me to find my true mate but never really understood the whole thing, I was just happy someone was on my side. Maybe I had been over looking things between my parents? Guilt starting to wash over me, I should have listened more and tried to understand more. 

**Mark how is Ma now?  she's better than she's been for a long time, your mother thanks Amelia very much for her services. How is Amelia? actually she fell asleep on the way home I put her to bed she's still sleeping but I'm going to get her up for some food now, I'll be sure to let you know if she needs a check up. Thank you now go take care of your wife. 

***"Amelia, you going to get up now for some food?"*** Amelia stirs turning herself towards me, ***"How did I get here? is Ma okay?" "you fell asleep beautiful it's okay you needed some rest but I've made some lunch for us, hopefully you'll feel alot better after that. Ma is better than she has been for months thanks to you"*** she just smiles softly, the goddess before me can make my heart skip beats at just one look, I'm lucky to have such an amazing mate. ***"Need a hand getting out of bed or are you okay?"*** she sends me a devilish smile, ***"could you carry me baby, I feel so weak"*** I knew Amelia was feeling alot better at the point she just wanted me to hold her, ***"of course beautiful"*** lifting her her up and carrying her to the table to place her in her seat. ***"you know you only have to ask if you want me to hold you, I love holding you anyway treating you like the queen you are"*** she blushes a little knowing I'd caught her. ***"Lets have some food hopefully you feel right as rain shortly."***

Amelia watching some TV while I finished up a few more bits of paperwork for some dealings with the Mayback pack, there will be a large meeting at the council headquarters in a few weeks to just go through some pack dealings, new deals, removals and if packs wish to withdraw or submit themselves apart of the union we share. 

**The cottage is yours for the week, it will be stocked and cleaned ready for your arrival. there will be staff there also, the maintain the place and attend to anyone staying there so breakfast and so forth. Thank you Nathan I owe you and your family one. Go and enjoy your honeymoon we will see you when your back.**

I draw to a close on the paperwork and Amelia is completely oblivious to anything around her she's sucked in to this new series, cold cases and whatever else it's got. I head to the bedroom to get packing for the both of us into two large suitcase. Amelia appears from the living room, ***"where are you going then to be packing up?" "I'm not going anywhere Amelia, We are going on our honeymoon."*** Amelia immediately jumping around like an excited child, ***"where are we going is it nice? how far are we going I hope it's not too far because if your Ma plumates we need to be able to get back, but I'm so excited I can't even think straight"*** she looks like she's on some high form of sugar rush. ***"it's about two hours away from here so we can get back if we need to, my original plans we had a private jet taken us to a Villa we own but giving the situation I had to think a little more safe Nathan helped out it's his parents cottage we are going to, will that be okay until we can sort out a proper homeymoon"***  Hoping she will agree and not feel disappointed.

###chapter 56 Arrival
I finish up packing my suitcase, Amelia adamant she's doing her own and brings the suitcase out when she's finished. ***"Amelia I love you" "I love you too can't wait to have you all to myself."*** sending me a cheeky wink. She definitely has her playful side out, she's gonna get it this week, she's gonna be sore by the time I'm finished with her. 

We head down to the front of the packhouse where everyone is waiting to say their goodbyes and wave us off. As we said our goodbyes Mark slipped her something, don't know what but it's probably to keep control of herself while we're not at the pack. ***"I think we're ready to leave now" "Good, and don't don't forget we are a link away if we're needed."***  I usher Amelia into the black BMW and head around to the drivers side. ***"ready Amelia?"***

We arrive at the cottage after getting lost twice, which Amelia was very amused about, chuckling away at me. In my defense the sat nav was supposed to be guiding me but it was failing miserably. What should have been a 2 hour drive turned into 3 hours. I was exhausted and hungry when we got to the cottage upon our arrival staff were there ready to greet us, the smell of food already cooking soaring through the air as the door opened and drinks ready for our arrival, Nathan was right everything would be taken care of. 

We head in and one of the girls took our suitcases up to one of the bedrooms, the place was small but cozy, small, quaint kitchen and a small living room area with the dining table at the back. It was quite dark but with the fire roaring, it lit the place up nicely with the small soft wall lights just setting a romantic scene. Amelia looked like she was in love with the place, ***"you like it Amelia?" 
"Like it, I love it, it's perfect it's what I always pictured my home to be except a little bigger"*** atleast I know what kind of place were building as our family home, this but bigger sound perfect to me. I see a treeline in the distance maybe there's a small woods we can head out to later on for Damon and Tara to have some time too. 

***"Food will be ready in around 30 minutes if you need to freshen up"*** the male instructed. ***"Amelia let's get sorted for food then shall we?"*** she followed me up the stairs, to find our room was the master bedroom with an ensuite, four poster bed, all been laid out perfectly with covering over the bed to give extra privacy and intimacy, rose petals scattered upon the bed, bathrobes and towels laid our perfectly with Mr and Mrs written on each bathrobe. I could see and feel Amelias energy, she's on cloud 9, she was loving every inch of this place. We unpacked our suitcases into the wardrobe and headed to freshen up in the bathroom which and twin sinks, double shower and free standing bath.

Salmon fillet with a lemon butter sauce and freshly steamed potatoes and vegetables, presentation was stunning and the aroma it was giving off was just on another level. We sat for our candle lit dinner, served with wine. the flavours and textures where just phenomenal, Amelia agreeing by the way she was scoffing the food down. Amelia and I finish up food and our drink. The staff clear away our plates ***"would you like desert or are you comfortable?" "that will be fine thank you very much" "it's our pleasure"*** as they head off to clean up ***"So Amelia can you tell me what you would like to do now?" "now I'd like to head to bed I'm tired and I think we should get some rest" "I agree as I've spotted a treeline in the distance I was hoping we could go for a run tomorrow" "that sounds good Tara will love to be let out somewhere new"*** Damon already prancing around my head. ***"come on then let's take a shower and go to bed"*** sending a sexy smirk her way. 

I hop in the shower first Amelia wants privacy apparently, why I'll never know what's come over her it's not like it's something I havn't seen before but I'll respect her wishes. I come out with just a towel around my waist, my jaw instantly gaping open, Amelia had other plans, she was dressed in a gold sexy basque, with matching breifs, all lace detailed and sparkling bringing out her gleaming eyes, now that's an image I'll never forget, her hair with soft curls, her face slightly blushed. My towel fallen off due to my now throbbing member,  her breasts look excentuated, her lips so inviting, the smell of her arousal invading my senses, making every part of me want her right now. I edge forward and pull her tightly into my embrace staring into her eyes, tracing her lips with my finger while the hand is busy holding her peachy ass cheek, ***"now that is a surprise Amelia, look what you've done to me."*** With her looking down at my member, giving me a smirk she takes it in her hand and starts to rub me up and down gently teasing me. I throw my head back letting out a moan. ***"Amelia your one naughty Luna right now" "what are you going to do about it my alpha?"*** 
almost chuckling at her own words. I just let my mouth takeover hers gripping her tightly on her ass, giving her a spank, with her giving a little groan in the process. She gets me to loosen up my grip on her, falling to her knees, teasing my cock gently licking and kissing my head, sending my blood rushing. ***"Amelia please don't tease" "are you begging alpha?"*** she knows exactly what she's doing to me. All I'm manage to get out is a grunt and ***"yes",*** she takes my cock deep into her mouth, bobbing her head back and forth, sucking my head and she gets closer to my tip, I can already feel myself building, she continues in a steady rhythm, gradually picking up her pace and pushing me deeper, I feel my cock starting to twitch a little it's ready to explode, ***"fuck Amelia I'm gonna..."*** too late I'd already emptied my load, Amelia looking at me satisfied with her own actions. 

***"Your turn beautiful"*** I pick her up and throw her on to the bed, tearing off her gorgeous little panties, ***"we won't be needing them"*** throwing them to the floor. I gently start kissing her inner thigh and around her soft spot Amelia's heavy breathing, showing me her anticipation, as my soft kisses make her moan, I start to nip a little, making her body twitch. I slowly let my tongue do some work over her sweet bud, parting her lips from her entrance slowly dipping my tongue in and out her moaning getting louder and breathing quicker, indicating shes building up, I slide my fingers in to help her find a release, as my tongue licks and sucks over her bud, making her body start grinding to my rhythm. ***"Lucas harder"*** I start to get a little more rough my fingers going in harder and faster, my tongue going at her like a starving animal. Amelia's moans and screams louder than before I feel her body trembling, ***"Lucas"*** is all she could get out before her essence exploded over me, I smirk in satisfaction licking her juices off my fingers, offering to her which she tastes herself ***"you taste divine Amelia, but I'm not done yet."***

I pick her up and flip her over into doggy style parting her legs just enough to gain access. with her already dripping I smash my entire length into her entrance making her buck and scream. I pound her hard, and spank her juicy ass every now and then caressing her tits inbetween. Her moans of pleasure just adding to my energy, I want to fill her every need. My goddess she's pushing herself back into me to meet my every thrust. I feel my orgasm building, Amelia's must be too as her body beging to shudder in reaction to my thrust, I pound into her harder and faster to bring his both into our climax, Amelia basically screaming my name now, I feel myself exploding into her as she releases her juices, sending us both into oblivion, my legs grow weak as I fall into the bed next to her. My cock now throbbing after it's adventure. Amelia must be really sore too, her breasts almost look bruised from my grip her ass looks red from spanking her. she looks like she's bitten her lip too. ***"Amelia is your desire to entertain me forfilled beautiful?" "10 times over baby, although I am sore, I think I'll take a shower to ease the ache."*** I just smirk ***"you had a good time then I take it" "if your asking if I'll be coming back for more then yes but not right now I need to heal a little first"*** sending a wink my way. 
###chapter 57 Departure
Both of us snuggled under the duvet, I just trace lines over Amelias back, as she lays there nestled into my chest. ***"Amelia is there something I don't know about my Ma it's been bugging me, maybe I haven't listened enough or something" "Lucas you havn't done anything wrong if that's what your implying.  I think it is the bond between her and your father thats making her weak and poorly though, Ma spoke to me about it's a gift to find your true mate and cherish it, she said doesn't feel complete, she loves your father unconditionally but there is part of her missing that she never been able to fill, suspecting that of a true mate. That's why, when you insisted on a true mate she would do whatever it takes to ensure that, it's painful for her I can tell, I think it's slowly killing her thats why I will do what I can she's a good woman and doesn't deserve the pain she's going through."***  trying to collect the information that Amelia had shared with me, one thing stuck, it's killing her their bond is killing her because her body still wants a true mate. I can't lose my mother there's got to be a way. ***"Lucas I know it's alot to process but anyone can only take so much, I'm here to help your Ma as much as she needs me to be" "Thank you Amelia I got so lucky to have someone as brave, kind and selfless as you"*** trying to hold back my tears but I can't. Amelia just rests my head on her chest playing with my hair, ***"I'm here baby"*** is all I hear from her she knew it was no time to keep telling things would be okay because no body really knew that. Thank the goddess for this one. 

We spent hours just talking and comforting eachother within our troubles throughout the night. Breakfast was brought up to bed for us in the morning, Amelia just wrapped the blanket around her as she didn't have anything on, I luckily had boxers. Breakfast looked outstanding too, croissants, bacon, poached eggs and toast and two coffees, ***"thank you, this looks amazing"*** I expressed ***"your very welcome sir I hope you both enjoy"*** Amelia left blushing as she's sat there wrapped in the duvet, I just giggle at the sight of her.

We get ourselves ready after breakfast ready to go for a run, think we both needed it to get rid of some tension. Damon almost bursting to come out now. Not a chance in hell big boy. these people are humans, you'll scare the shit out of them be patient. Well hurry up then I want to see mate. ***"Amelia you ready to go my queen?" "think so just need to out some shoes on."*** we head out the door saying goodbye to the staff for a few hours. 

After Damon and Tara running around for a while they settle up next to eachother when I feel Tara jolt, damon smells blood, I see an arrow sitting in her back leg, I see two men running towards us, Hunters!, there's wolfbaine on these I, smell it but it doesn't seem to affect her Damon rips the arrow out with his teeth and Tara more or less heals instantly. Wolfbaine should have stopped her another couple of arrows fly hitting Damon and Tara both unaffected ripping them out and just run at an immense speed. To lose them. When the coast is finally clear both return to shift back and we both change into clothes both a little shaken and head back to the cottage. ***"Amelia are you okay?" "a little shaken but okay, it was kind of exciting too." "you realise there was wolfbaine dripping from them arrows?" "no I thought it was supposed to be poisonous to us how are we both here? how did we get away?" "I'm not sure Amelia but I'm glad your okay" " you too baby."*** 

We get back to the cottage and I make us a coffee each. One of the staff appear, ***"oh you should have asked I'd have happily made you a cuppa". "it's okay your already doing so much around here" "it's my job and it pays well even when no one is here" "your very lucky to be serving such a generous family" "I have alot to thank this family for they keep me and my family afloat"  "it's okay to take a break sometimes you know." "I do usually when I know noone is here". "I'm glad".***

***"Amelia my darling you still okay?" "yes I'm fine"*** I sense a hint of jealousy from me talking to one of the staff. ***"why are you jealous have you seen yourself you are a frigging goddess I have eyes for no one but you" "maybe you should watch the way you speak to people"*** I let out a sigh plant a kiss on her fore head and hand her, her coffee. It's kinda cute that she gets jealous so easily. ***"back to the matter at hand why did the wolfbaine not affect either of us?" "not sure but it's good either way none of us are injured and both as healthy as ever"*** I'll have to speak to Mark about it I'll link him later maybe he will take some bloods when we get back to see if it has something to do with her blood mixing with mine. 

The rest of the honeymoon flew by, but we had an amazing time, we went on a mini cruise of the shore line, with dinner included. We went to a theatre play which was really boring for my liking but Amelia loved it. We did an escape room game thing. Amelia was amazing but that's probably all the fbi stuff she watches, me I was terrible more like a bobble head detective not really doing much, we had a good time together through the honeymoon tonight marking our last night. We already packed up and just kept clothes out for the morning. Actually starting to miss the pack now though, it's probably been the longest I've been away. Amelia just wanted to stay forever she was loving the freedom and the adventures, just proves to me I need to work on spending more time together and enjoying eachothers company outside the pack and duties. 

Breakfast was waiting for us downstairs before we were heading off, ***"you ready for reality to return Amelia?" "not really but I'm sure the girls will soon change that" "the cases are in the car for you ready for your departure Mr and Mrs" "thank you"*** we both muttered. We finish up breakfast and take our dishes out to the kitchen. Finally giving everything a once over to see if we had left anything behind. ***"Thank you for your hospitality guys, heres a tip to split between you, we may be back in the future who knows"*** I hand them an envelope and ushered my wife to the car and get myself in. ***"Time to go home beautiful".*** 
###chapter 58
Finally unpacked and settled back into the pack, kinda glad to be back, I have so much work to catch up on. Amelia almost ready to take over as Luna, my mother has started to become weaker again, but doesn't want Amelia's help just yet. I need to speak to Mark about blood samples too, I let out sigh and fist my hair, so much to do. Amelia wants to catch up with the girls so I go ahead and start on some paperwork. 

The council meeting is in a few weeks and it will probably be Amelia and I that attend so it's imperative the both of us understand the proposals being put forward and anything that may become of interest to our own pack. I'll manage to drill it in, she's a quick learner and even better memory so, that's one thing we have on our side. My mothers situation continuously invading my thoughts, and my dad now isn't ready to give up the title as Alpha, why I'm not aware but it also means my mother has to keep going with her Luna role which is completely draining her. One minute he's telling me he needs me to take over in another breath hes saying he's not ready to had over the responsibility. It's kinda messing with my head too just wish I there was something I could do for the both of them. 

**Mark any chance me and Amelia could pop in for some bloods? We met some hunters on our travels, they caught us with some arrows dipped in wolfsbaine but it didn't affect either of us. I was just wondering if you could run some tests as to why? Of course pop in when your ready, I'm guessing it's one of Amelias abilities and it's affected you too through your marking, it would be a remarkable thing if you are immune. Thanks we'll pop by when we get a chance. 

I hear the girls giggling, Amelia's giggle so soft and sweet, making my whole body warm at the sound. I love the fact she's actually getting along here, even with her battles, she's coping well, she has good friends, everyone here has accepted her, she's always ready to help when someone asks, not to mention her outstanding beauty both inside and out, this girl is a gift from the Goddesses. Amelia brings me a cuppa, ***"hope your getting on well there Alpha", "if I wasn't so distracted by this gorgeous giggle maybe I'd have more done but I don't mind, it's soothing to hear you laugh. I'm glad you settled well my love".*** A warm smile coming across my face ***"we also need to pop over for Mark to take some blood for some tests" "no worries, I'm going to see your Ma inabit too" "no worries let me know when you want to go I'll pack this up and come with you"***⁹ she just leans in gives me a peck and heads back to the girls.

The girls head off, Amelia decides a chicken ceasar salad sounds good for lunch so starts doing lunch before we head over to my parents then over to Mark for bloods. Hopefully We'll be in time for dinner with the pack tonight, so I can see the pack I should be taking control of anytime, well when Da decides he want to give his title in. I set the table as Amelia finishes up, ***"here baby, food is served. hope you enjoy" "looks wonderful beautiful thank you"*** as we tuck into our salad, Amelia starts to chatter on about gossip within the pack the girls had shared, seems like she loved the girls and you can tell she's never had that kind of bond with anyone. I love the confidence it's giving her to actually be accepted by others, if it wasn't for that vile pack I would have never found my girl, one thing I'll always be thankful for.

***"Ma you sure your okay? you seem to be getting alot weaker again". "oh it's fine darling I'll manage for now but I will let you know if I need you is that fair?" "I guess so." "Lucas darling would you mind going to do the cuppas please?" "of course not"***  I exit the room to put the kettle on sure that she just wanted to speak to Amelia alone, I try to listen in but everything I hear is muffled, between the kettle and I'm sure my mother is making another noise to drown out the sound. I just hope everything is fine, I mean those two women in there are my world and there is nothing I wouldn't do for either of them. I make the cuppas and head back in both of them giggling at something. ***"what's the joke?" "nothing little wolf"*** must be Amelia giving the pack gossip she was laughing about earlier. I've never really understood why women feel the need to gossip, do they have nothing better to do sipping at my coffee. ***"How's things with Da?" "there okay, he's worried and frustrated and at the moment doesn't want to hand over the title for some unknown reason. That silly man will never know what's good for him you know." "yeh why is that I'm not sure but he also knows I won't be able to cope as Luna much longer, thats what's confusing me, he seems to be extremely secretive at the moment" "as long as your okay the moment thats the main thing, Da is always doing something"*** we need to finish up here and head to the clinic. ***"Amelia and I need to head off, Mark wants some bloods tested I may have acquired one Amelia's abilities we're not sure so Mark needs to run some tests." "no worries I'm glad you two are mates your the perfect match, you balance eachother just right." "we'll hopefully see you for dinner tonight Love you", "love you both too"*** she responded.

***"Mark why are you taking 3 samples off each of us," "so I can run other tests against them to see what differences you have and what similarities you have also I can run many tests with more blood"*** I just nod, not that I would understand what he wants for what. ***"That's all for now guys but, please if you need anything..." "just ask we know, we couldn't ask for a better doctor now could we"*** I cut him off, he didn't look impressed but we'd be fine. ***"thanks Mark, see you soon." "no worries Luna just a harmless link away,"*** we said our goodbyes and offered a tip for all the work he had been doing. ***"no you keep your money,"*** Mark tried to refuse. instead I just left if it in a bundle on the desk. ***"you do enough for us and the pack so it's up to you either invest in the clinic or spend it on yourself if you wish but I'm not taking it back"*** Mark just shakes his head as we walk out. 

***"Shall we head to the diner hall ready for dinner?" "sounds good to me, any idea what's for dinner?" "actually no I don't I could be tacos apparently they haven't had them for a while now, the boys usually start to moan if they wait too long for them." "I haven't had tacos in a while now either."*** As we enter the packhouse I couldn't smell tacos, smelt more like a steak with all the sides. We take a seat at our table and wait for the others. ***"Amelia I'm worried about Ma" "I know, we can't force her to allow me to help I did try to convince her with no luck, but I did add that if she changes her mind she's only got to link me." "thank you Amelia" " apparently she has Nina calling tomorrow too, for a catch up" "that will be nice she doesn't get many visitors since she's been poorly." "just shows you who your true friends are I guess"*** Everyone arrives for food, ***"food smell delish tonight steak and all the sides can't go wrong with a good old steak, along as it's cooked medium/ rare anything else your wasting a good streak."*** Mateo's mouth already watering from it's scent. Food went by rather quickly I could see Ma getting more and more tired as the evening went along. ***"Excuse us I'll have to get Ava ready for bed she's getting abit exhausted now ".*** On the same wave length ***"Amelia and I will have to go too to finish off upstairs before we can go to bed"*** I've missed our bed, luxury mattress supports in all the right places, Amelia begged for Teddy fleece bedding so my queen got her wish except now it's like a sauna in bed even if it is comfortable. 

I tried to make the bed as best I could with the covers getting all jumbled, Amelia giggled at me. ***"here's a trick for you"*** she suggested, showing me how quickly a bed could be made without the hassle. ***"see how much quicker that was" "okay smarty pants, it's still a little early want to watch a film?" "if you want to baby I don't mind but I'd like to take a shower first" "you go ahead I'll find a film and make a cuppa."*** As Amelia heads for a shower I try to pick a film we watched alot of chick flicks recently, I need a good action film or something, perhaps bond himself or a war film? we'll go war, seems like a good shout, I out that to pause ready, I pop to make us both a cuppa. By the time I got back Amelia was coming out of the bathroom, good timing if I do say so myself. She braids her hair into two Dutch braids to sleep in for the night, I always love the way her hair looks after sleeping in braids, you can see all the multi tones going through the waves and the way the light bounces off her her hair making it sparkle like glitter. ***"ready to watch the film?" "yeh, what are we watching?" "a war film beautiful is that okay?" "yeh thats fine, we've watched so many chick flicks recently it's about time we changed things up"*** goddess I love this girl she's ready for anything that comes her way. 
###chapter 59 Broken
Amelia seems well into the film even shouting at the TV at times, like they can actually hear her, quite cute to watch her little fierce side coming out. I feel my member starting throb a little at her enthusiasm for the film, this has never happened before but I'll go with it. I bring Amelia closer to me, planting a soft kiss upon her plump lips and run my finger along her lower lip and send a small smile, she instantly returns my kiss and wraps her arms around my neck swaying me over on to my back so she's straddled atop. Her golden mystic eyes stare straight to mine, seductively making it difficult to hold her gaze as she grinds herself against my now rock hard boner. I can feel and smell her arousal now, she's dripping for me, with that Amelia removes my boxers and quickly removes all her clothing too. I'm guessing she doesn't want any foreplay tonight straight in I enter, as she moans at her first thrust, my naughty little wolf is very eager tonight. She starts to bounce herself on me her breasts and ass checks going with the rhythm, I grip her breasts firmly and bring a nipple to my mouth nibbling and sucking, only to make her ride me harder, making my body burn with every thrust, her moans getting louder almost screaming for her release. I feel her whole body quivering atop, I grip on to her hips and just keep pounding into her racing for my own climax. Both of us moaning, screaming and the smell of our sex engulfing the room, our sweat mixing as I pull her into my arms for one final thrust before both of us come to our climax, the waves of ecstacy washing over us both. We both struggle to regain some level of control Amelia just nuzzles herself into my chest to try and calm herself as I did just holding my wife while her sweet essence still lingering in the air. 

We both finally settled breathing back to normal, Amelia is glowing and proud of her actions to say the least letting out a little chuckle wasn't a give away at all, she will never fail to amaze me, who would have thought my little Luna would have such stamina to keep it going. ***"God I love you Amelia Silverstone " "I love you too Lucas".*** Amelia goes to the bathroom to give herself a freshen up, I follow but head straight for the shower. A hot steamy shower should hopefully to help me sleep. After my quick shower, and join Amelia in bed, we snuggle up to eachother warming eachother with our body heat, I feel Amelias breathing relax and shallow as she falls asleep in my arms, I just lay awake thinking of all the possibilities and the obstacles facing us, I really can't wait for it all to be over with, slowly falling asleep within my thoughts.

**Lucas, Amelia we need you to come over to your parents immediately.** 

We were both awoken by the same mind link, it's Ma she's gotta be getting worse, my stomach in my throat ***"it's bad Amelia they wouldn't call if it wasn't serious".*** I watch as she rushes around putting some clothing on as did I. really wish Ma would have let Amelia help her, when she did. My father sounded almost broken. What am I walking into, I bet Mark is already there to. 

As we arrive at my parents Da just signalled to go up stairs, she must be in bed. I look into my parents room, my mother looks so pale and lifeless on the bed, Mark sat the other end of the room, ***"I'll excuse myself" "no can you tell me what's wrong?" "your mother is very weak, Lucas I'm not sure how we are gonna get her through this."*** I feel my heart wreching in my chest I can't lose her, I'm not ready to be without my mother. Da comes racing through the door ***"Amelia do something for her I know you can"*** he tried to order, while my mother just put her hand up to stop him, he paces back and forth. ***"Brandon please leave your going to make things harder with your behaviour"*** he just storms out slamming the door without a word. ***"please let me try and help you Ma"*** Amelia pleaded with no avail. ***"Both of you listen here my time is up, I'm too weak and lifeless to recover it's my time, I need you to understand if you offer your healing it will only prolong the inevitable, I am miserable in this life, I love your father dearly Lucas but please understand he doesn't complete me and never has. The bond you two share is something I could only ever dream of, we just followed the path set out for us so don't blame anyone for this please I have no regrets I've had a wonderful time and accomplished so many things with your father by my side and the proudest thing I did was raise you, Lucas. Your father is aware I'm not accepting any help, he's just angry I hope he will settle, chances are unlikely though. I have a letter for you each here and I'd like you to read them when you are ready."*** Both me and Amelia now a sobbing wreck at her words  all three of us holding eachother, I feel my mothers tears dripping down on to me. ***"I'm not scared of dieing and I hate the fact I'm leaving you but you must be strong, for eachother and for the pack. There are some difficult times ahead but if you stick together anything is possible." "Ma you can't give up please we need you, you haven't even met your grandchildren yet. Please let us help." "I'm sure they will be just as perfect as the two of you"*** my mothers breathing starting to slow, Amelia still sobbing, while I try to remain strong. This can't be happening Ive got to be dreaming, come on lucas wake up but this isn't a dream, it's a living nightmare. My heart must be in a thousand pieces right now and that's all I can find comfort in is holding my mother and Amelia as we just hold eachother in silence. I can hear muffled sounds down stairs my father must be losing it. Amelia trying to pull the covers over my mother a little more she's getting colder by the second, her breathing labouring almost to a stop right now, the crying, the ache, the anger all soaring through me. ***"Lucas, good luck for the future, just know I'll always be with you in here,"*** placing her hand on my heart ***"and Amelia, my beautiful Amelia, please look after my boy, he will need your support as much as you need his, you will do a fantastic job as Luna of this pack, I couldn't of asked for a better daughter in law. I love you both dearly and I will always be looking down on you."*** with her words slowly getting quieter, her breathing pretty much stopped, Amelia and I both whisper ***"I love you Ma"*** as she takes her last breath sending us both into a sobbing mess, we sit there for a while just holding eachother. We gave Ma a kiss on the head and left the room, I don't think I could sit there any longer it's just getting harder and harder the longer I stayed, my father entered I presume he said his good byes and exited quickly and went for a run, I could hear his howling from a distance. Mark offered his condolences and left until we came up with plans as to our proceedings. 

Arrangements had been made that my mother would be burnt and buried on the pack grounds we have an angel for a stone and her name and carvings would be laced in to mark her place on the grounds, with a little memorial bench that one of the pack members had carved out for us. the whole pack was mourning the loss of my mother, no one ever had a bad word to say about her, she was, a mother to the entire pack and always eager to help. My father was just avoiding everyone, at this point and if anyone did speak he just snapped. All the arrangements made for the morning. Amelia tried to get as much sleep as possible but it just seemed impossible, Amelia was suffering just as badly as I was, she looked up to my mother as a role model even called her as her own mother. It was tearing us both apart, the only thing we had for comfort was eachother. 

The morning of my mother's final good bye, everything was calm, the sun was shining bright even if there was a chill to the air. My father didn't even show up, Mark gave a few words, along with myself and Amelia, the whole pack spent the day mourning out loss, each leaving a symbol, gift or flowers at my mother burial site, watching the coffin go into flames was probably the most difficult bit, I just didn't know how to react to any of it, thank the goddess Amelia is by my side, I don't know how I'd live without my mother but I have my wife, soul mate and best friend right by my side every step of the way. The pack is torn part at present, we are all broken.

###chapter 60 All too much
Lucas has been temperamental since losing his mother, emotional rollercoaster to the least. I'm trying my best to comfort him, I know he appreciates it, he's having a hard time adjusting, as for alpha Brandon well he's just turned angry and bitter towards everyone. He blames me for not saving her in which it hurts deeply but I had to respect her wishes, Lucas get between the arguments and defends me which is some comfort. I just get that not belonging feeling wash over me again from time to time. It's not just them trying to mourn a loss, I saw her as my mother too, which hurt deeply she always made me feel welcome, warm and fuzzy like a mother should. I feel more and more problems arising as we go on. Roman has made an attempt to enter the pack failing miserably. I know he's going to get tactical soon which will probably fail too since we have no routine here at present, but also everyone feels weaker and is still trying to adjust to their Luna's passing which leaves the pack vulnerable. What are we going to do. Then we have the added weight neither of us have been able to bring ourselves to open our letters from his mother before her passing.

***"Beautiful we have the council meeting this weekend I hope you didn't forget, father will not be attending and it's us representing the pack Mateo and Libby will be joining us."*** oh crap I forgot about that my mind has been else where, ***"okay no worries I'll have a look over some of the paperwork to prepare, is there anything in particular that needs addressing?"*** At this point I'm getting used to doing most the paperwork as Lucas can't keep focused and just gets angry and Brandon well has no intention of doing anything I'm glad it keeps me busy really. ***"Have a look over the Birchgrove pack, I think they have submitted some adjustments, also I believe the black shadow pack have filed motion to join the union which I would like a way to put a stop to if you could my precious Luna"*** I just nod and head to the kitchen to make up a cuppa before I swarm myself with paperwork, this could take a while letting out a sigh. 

Paperwork has been taking that much longer than usual, so many different proposals, some in our benefit others dont affect us at all. Birchgrove pack which is one of our adjacent packs wants extra security in return giving extra supplies, question being why they haven't given reasoning to the proposal, that may be something I'll have to speak to them about before we accept. The black shadow pack wants to become a member of the union, thats Lucas concern as to why? we don't know much and have us cutting all deals with them makes the move all the more suspicious. They have always managed alone and never needed anyone, never wanted any help why now? perhaps if we speak with a few other packs and see what their thoughts on the idea are considering it could possibly pose a threat to other packs. So much work, I haven't had time for the girls either which is kinda sad I miss them, I'm always too busy at the moment. Thoughts creeping into my head is this what is expected of me all the time, I mean Lucas hasn't been of help either but I do understand he's grieving. 

After a few calls, I finally getting some sort of sense, the Birchgrove pack have been losing pack members as we did, perhaps Jackson found some connections to them too, so we'll agree in order to protect us and their pack and made the proposal of, if either of our packs are to be ambushed the other will support in battle to which they have agreed also. The mayback pack always have our back as we do them as always, along with a few other packs supporting in different ways. Finally there are many of packs voting to dismiss the Black shadow pack motion, due to the lack of benefits they would provide to others while taking in all the benefits themselves they have nothing to offer anyone, so that should be dismissed. That's it for today I can't do anymore I best update Lucas when he gets back he's probably training by now before we head for food. 

Lucas was late getting back so we just rushed to get down for dinner no time for a chat about my findings through todays work. Mateo linked me expressing his concerns for Lucas following the death of his mother he hasn't really done anything by train eat and sleep, I can't deny I have my concerns too. I thought maybe he just needed more time but I'm not so sure plus his dad still refusing to give him the title and just being an ass towards everyone, Lucas had no one but me to really turn to for support. I explained to Mateo that he had been going to the orphanage alot lately too, maybe it was giving him some comfort we both thought. Perhaps I will talk to him tonight and see what response I get from everything. 

We both sat with a cuppa with me nestled into him and a blanket over us while we watch some TV. I can feel he's still got alot of tension, but we needed to speak about it all, he's not been able to bring himself to do anything really he's not talking to anyone really and just gets on with it. He's hurting and needs to let it go. ***"Lucas, can we talk please baby" "yes what's the matter beautiful" "Everyone is worried about you, you keep shutting yourself off from everyone" " Amelia I don't know how you want me to respond I lost my mother, my father hates me, there are threats toward you and this pack, I have so many things going through my head at once and people expect me to be okay"*** he began shouting towards the end. ***"Lucas your father is just angry, I don't know how you expect him to hand a title over when your not capable of looking after yourself let alone a pack. I work tirelessly doing all the paperwork for this pack between you and your father piling on me. I have no time for me while I'm running around doing everything by myself, I have no time to grieve I see her as my own mother too you know"*** I almost let myself raise my voice, managed to control myself just about. Lucas just stood there watching me, probably trying to think how he was going to respond. ***"Amelia, how can you even make this about you?, you have no idea how this feels!"*** he snapped, that's right he just took that dig because I don't have a mother. ***"no lucas I'll never know how it feels, I never had a mother but when I thought I had as close as I was gonna get I lost her too but I'm the one thats carrying everyone's weight around here sorting this pack out making sure everyone knows what's what, making sure all our paperwork is completed, I'm the one doing all the work, why you might ask because I was doing it all for you and this pack, your mother wouldn't have wanted this place to fall apart I took it upon myself to do, your father blames me, I blame myself while you just willow in self pity while everyone walks on egg shells around you and your father not knowing how to react"*** my emotions just poured out, anger frustration and now loneliness again. ***"I need to go I can't stay here and act like everything is fine."*** I slam the bedroom door and start to pack a bag. ***"Amelia wait you can't..." "no Lucas you pushed it too far, you've shown no appreciation toward me, you haven't even asked about what my conclusions were for today and the up coming meeting, I need to get away, I need to think"*** Lucas just looks at me blank unsure how he's going to react, he just walks out on me there's my answer not a care given. 

**Nikki can I stay with you, I need space from all this drama. Yeh of course what has he done to push you out. thank you I'll explain inabit shouldn't be long. 

As I finish off packing my bag, tears streaming down my face, feelings of loneliness, emptiness and anger just taking over completely, I feel like shutting off the world, I want to hide, hide in a dark corner and forget I existed at this point. I just need to get away perhaps I'll feel better, I'll stay with Nikki for tonight then I'll go to Nina and Rich house, perhaps I'll feel better in a few days. so I grab my bag, wipe my tear stained face, I head for the door, Lucas tries to stop me leaving, he looks broken but I am too he did this, I've stayed strong too long, I can't keep it up anymore. 
###chapter 61 Taking a break
As I arrive at Nikki's I notice she set up the sofa bed, she's a star, I replay my memory as I don't think I can go over it again, a new thing I learnt to do over the last week. Nikki doesn't know how to react, I could see she was angry. ***"Your welcome here as long as you need" "it's only for tonight, I'll be going back to Nina and Rich in the morning, I need to think" "Amelia you can't, there's too many threats and no protection there for you plus this pack wouldn't be running if it wasn't for you", "I'm gonna link Mateo and give him all the updates and ask him to cover for the time being" "please Amelia you will be putting yourself in danger"*** Nikki pleads with me, I know I'm aware I'll be in danger but I'd rather that than be treated like I don't belong, I can't go through that again. ***"Please Nikki you gotta understand, it's not the first time I've felt the way I do now, I can't go through it again, I need to do it for me and my sanity"*** she just bows her head in defeat. ***"okay but I want you to link me every morning, afternoon and evening to know your okay"*** I just agree to get her of my back, ***"it's getting late can I just get some rest I hope you don't mind." "Go ahead Amelia I need to finish a few bits then I'll be doing the same"*** I settle myself down and link Mateo with everything, luckily he was fine with it, but also doesn't understand my need to leave. I just try to push all my thoughts aside and slowly feel my eyes heavy. 

I'd been at Nina and Rich's two days now and updating Nikki and Mateo on my safety multiple times a day plus the links off Mateo regarding pack stuff, it was nice to be away but also hard being away from Lucas, not that I heard off him at all. I pull the letter out of my bag and realise I should really read it now I have some time. 

*Dear Amelia, 
                    My passing must be hard on alot of people, as well as yourself, I could feel every ounce of love you put into Lucas, me and Brandon, most importantly the pack. You are stronger and braver than you think, you will make an amazing Luna you have been through so much but yet you still hold your head up high don't ever let anyone put you down. 

*I thought of as a daughter all this time, it may not have been a very long time but it felt like eternity, I couldn't be happier to have Lucas marry and mate such an extraordinary woman by his side, please tell your pups about me. I am writing this letter because there are many threats against you but I think you may need to add another, Brandon. You carried out my wishes and he will be angry for that, also if he kills the prophecy he will ingest your abilities if it's done through a bite. I knew more about you than I let on and I can only apologise for that but it was for your protection. Brandon will attempt to take your life, he was always aware of you and the prophecy and what it would intail, he got excited and wanted to gain trust. I tried my best to stop all this happening and change his mind but with me gone I have no opportunity to do that.
In order to prevent this someone will need to end this. The only person capable would be Lucas, I hate to admit it but its the only way is by taking his life. 

*Please my loving daughter this is going to be a difficult time and I'm sure Lucas will be trying to wrap his head around everything. I wish you all the best my little girl. I love you with all my heart don't you ever let anyone tell you different. 

*Ma xxx

I began sobbing half way through, thats why everyone said not to trust Brandon thank goddess I'm away from the pack, looks like I'm not even safe in my own pack. I don't know how much more of this I can take, my heart broken, my body aching and begging for Lucas, even when he's shown no sign of giving a crap, I need to get out of here, I need to focus on me. I decided to head into the town library for abit to just get out and try and get some me time. I always felt like someone was watching me, they probably had security on me at all times. A reminder of the meeting came up we are supposed to leave tomorrow. I won't be going so I know I should get some peace from Mateo. I pick up a novel to just read while I'm here, I head to the back corner of the library it's always quiet and no one really comes back here.

I start getting into the book and forgetting everything for a little while until I see nothing, everything black, I get dragged from the library, I hear someone screaming Amelia, and a car or van door opening and slamming shut.
###chapter 62 Ma's letter 
After our argument I thoughts I'd let Amelia cool off, she's only gonna go to Nikki and she'll be back tomorrow. Perhaps we both needed time out, she was completely out of order, I've just lost my mother and she goes off on one like that. Anger just washing over me. I begin to feel Amelias pain, pain in my chest my whole body aching, my head being dragging into darkness. I shrug it off it's me that should feel like that not her. I just head for a shower and go to bed, I can't be handling temper tantrums tonight. 

Midday the next day still nothing from Amelia but the pain and emotions becoming harder to bare. I link Nikki, **is Amelia okay? No lucas she's not, you treated her bad real bad. She was out of order, Nikki. No lucas she replayed her memory to me which is one of her new talents may I add, you were out of line completely out of line. Quit it Nikki send her up to me. I can't send her up, she's not here, she left. What the fuck do you mean she left?. She's gone, she needs space. Mateo will be taking over her role for the time being is all I know.** There is only one other place she would be and thats at Nina and Rich's house, but I can't exactly show up there can I, they won't even let me in if she's managed to twist things around on me. 

I head to find Libby and Mateo to see what the hell was going in their end. I find them slumped in the living room in the pack house. ***"She left me, and you didn't stop her. She's left me here, making out it's all my fault too" "Lucas I think you need to head to take a long hard think about what is actually her fault here" "oh another one taking her side I take it" "yes Lucas, I can't blame her for leaving, all that girl has done recently is bend over backwards for you, done every single piece of pack work that is usually shared, provide you with your needs and trying to keep everything running by herself. She's had no thank you for that, instead she gets everything thrown in her face. She asked me to take over the pack work but you know what you go do it. There's probably nothing even there to be done anyway she said it's all up to date." "whatever Matt" " it's not whatever, at all she's lost the one thing she had close to a mother too you know, BUT she put everyone else first, this pack is currently running and continued because of her. You have been an ass to everyone but she took the most shit from you, Amelia was gonna be the best thing that ever happened to this pack and you may have messed that up."*** I just storm off not saying a word. Everyone is defending her, I'm the one who lost their mother, I'm the one who can't even look at his father without an argument. Surely I wasn't that bad was I? I begin to question myself. I shake my head and continue up to my room.

I look over the paperwork neatly stacked in the corner, everything was filed, labeled and signed, there's only two pieces of paper that needed signing and thats the two I put there last night. God this woman had been busy there was no paperwork left. I have thoughts of my Ma creeping in, true mates are a blessing, then Jordans words you must stick together repeating in my head. Why can't I shake these thoughts, she's coming back. Amelia can't stay away, we are weaker apart than as one. I slouch into the sofa and start letting thoughts go through my head. 

I must have fallen asleep during that time, it's dark out already, and still no sign of Amelia. The aching and loneliness creeping in again. I couldn't work out whether it was hers or mine or even both at this point. I can't just go over to Nina and Rich's so **Trent can I have protection and security on Amelia at all time, no masking, no reavelaing that your watching. No worries Luc I got this, I'll bring another one along with me. Cheers keep me updated.  Thats now sorted, atleast I know she has some security. I'll go for a run I think and let Damon out seen as he hasn't spoken to me either.**

Damon smashes his paws to the ground, tearing up the ground with every step. He's angry and frustrated too, he's going quicker than before growling and snarling as he runs, he stops as he gets to the gazebo. Letting out a large pain wreching howl then just lays in the Gazebo curled into a ball. **Damon what's up?** no reply, **come on Damon talk to me, what's the matter?. it's you Lucas your whats the matter, you treated mate like trash now look, she walked out on us all because of you. I didn't do anything wrong she was out of line. no Lucas she was within her rights to say every word she said, you crossed the line she left us now, barely protected with all the threats we're getting and she's alone, mate is hurting, you hurt Amelia. She has Trent, she will be fine. No lucas she should be with us we are the only one truly capable of protecting her.**  I don't even bother replying before he head back to the pack allowing me to shift back. I head up to the room and just lay there. Still not able to see where I went wrong. I'm hurt and so is she, now everyone isn't happy with me. I fist my hair not knowing what to do. 

I just get up and get myself breakfast before heading down to the field early seen as that's the only thing keeping my mind straight. I trained hard recently, my body was showing it, I could feel myself getting quicker and my strength almost doubling. I just sigh at the thought what's the point, not like there's anything to protect anymore.

I head straight for a shower and change into some comfy clothes, seen as I'm stuck with the pack work. I couldn't even concentrate on the work, too much going on in my head. I realise I hadn't read my mothers letter, I probably should, I go my bedside table and bring out the envelope, just staring at my name, my mothers handwriting is so neat and unique, she put alot of effort into this. I can still smell my mothers sweet almond scent on the envelope, bringing me some comfort. just open it I tell myself. 

*Dear Lucas 
                   My sweet boy your reading this following my passing, it's going to hurt for a while but please don't let it consume you, we have many happy memories together, focus on them. We both knew it was going to come, I just didn't want to prolong it any longer, I was weak, I was in pain, I wasn't complete. You won't have this issue and I am so glad you have Amelia, to keep you strong,  cherish every moment and never go to bed on an argument. Make sure you show that amazing wife of yours just how special she is, she was once broken, it still hurts from time to time but with our love we helped her heal all she wanted was a family and we provided her that I'm just sorry I can't be there to guide her anymore and be a mother to a daughter aswel.*

*You are facing many challenges at the moment I know, and your probably not having much from your father, he's probably angry, that won't change Lucas, he knows more about Amelia than you think, as did I, She is exceptional but one flaw with her prophecy makes her vulnerable also. Your father will probably make an attempt on her life, in order to gain her abilities, you can't let this happen under any circumstances, it will tip the balance in nature. I'm sorry but I have to inform you there is only one way to stop him and that is down to you my son, I'm sorry to lay this burden on you but it's the only way you can keep Amelia safe for the sake of all wolves not just her.* 

*Please when you have pups tell them about me, how much I love them before they even existed, give them a kiss and a hug from me. Maybe we will meet again in another life who knows, please enjoy your life don't get stuck in a dark place because of my passing shed a little light upon people my life is to be celebrated, I had a good one. I love You my little wolf, I'm forever in your heart when things get tough remember the fighter you are.* 

*lots of love 
Ma xxx*

###chapter 63 Tracker
I'm a sobbing mess now, not only is my mother gone, I may have pushed Amelia so far there's no return for us. What was I thinking, plus now if we don't have enough problems I have Da to deal with. This could get messy. I'll have to beg Amelia to come home she won't want to come willingly. Everyone was right as flashes of the argument repeat in my head, hurt and broken but I also may have destroyed my future this time. How am I going to get her back?. Already getting late, I'm exhausted Amelia probably gone to bed so I'll get her home tomorrow my last check in was fine nothing unusual. Hopefully my girl will forgive me for my actions. I feel myself drifting off now.. I'll sort the rest out the morning. 

Midday already upon us. **Trent where is she now? Library. Let me know if she leaves before I get there. No worries, She's just reading in a corner by herself. I just need to pop to a florist, I know flowers aren't going to make much difference and since I don't see entirely what I did wrong then again it's going to be difficult either way. 

***"Hey I'm looking for some flowers to say sorry to my wife, lets just say it's a rather big apology". "if it's a big apology flowers aren't gonna do all the talking" "I am aware I just want to soften the blow first." "okay I think I can put something together"*** the florist gets to work, with some carnations, roses, gypsyphillia, some other plants I don't know, ***"it looks incredible thank you"*** I hand her some money ***"your welcome".*** I head over to the Library. 

**Something isn't right here, one of my men just spotted 2 men going in the back entrance their not human their wolf. I'm telling you now Trent if anything happens. you⁸I know Lucas.**

I couldn't get in quick enough. My heart racing my blood boiling, as I see the two men carrying her through a back entrance. I just scream ***"Amelia"***, she's gone and the van the threw her into screeched away. My heart aching, my blood boiling, Trent giving orders left right and centre to follow the van he had alot more on detail than I thought he clearly valued her very much. ***"Did anyone atleast get an image of the dickheads with my wife."*** a man bring over a camera with a couple of shots of them going in and coming out, he even got a license plate, ***"good job"*** Trent and I went screeching off in the vans direction. ***"Trent I gotta get her back, I can't lose her." "We will Lucas she's a strong one"*** **I hope so.** Damon growling in my head **I told you!! not now Damon not the time, I get it I was wrong let's focus on getting her back shall we?** 

**Mateo, Nathan, Amelia has been taken, were heading north on Brogan highway. Following now. We'll get her back.** 

I can't even think to reply, there is no sign of the van anywhere, and were starting to come to junctions and slip roads they could have gone any direction I slam the dashboard. ***"shit"***
**Meet at the library we lost them. okay. 
Alfie, Joe meet and town library now I have someone to track urgently. Aye be there soon as.** 

Mateo and Nathan already waiting with Amelia's security detail from Trent. ***"Too many junctions and slip roads could of been going anywhere."*** practically shouting at everyone the anger boiling my blood ***"calm down anger isn't going to get you anywhere. You need to think logically" "if I wasn't losing her already this happens, I've completely lost her." "anyone have an Id on either of them", "sorry no but if it's Roman, Libby will be able to identify him" "send her a photo now we need to know whats going on where they possibly heading and where the fuck are these trackers"*** I start shouting again ***"we're here" "My wife your future Luna has been taken, we must find her and fast" "got it" "anything with her scent would be good"*** One of the security men brought her jacket from what they found inside with her. ***"Thanks, Amelia's scent is still very strong. This could prove simple. If we can keep up with the trail."*** they start sniffing around the tire marks one of them actually putting the dirt in their mouth how revolting but if it gets the job done who cares, ***"slightly acidic, with a hint of fruity I'd say the van came from some sort of farming area" "Whats up in Northern region? that's we lost the trail". "there a fruit harvesting farm, a vineyard, forestry and another town and it won't be a town."*** Mateo recalled, harvest farm and vineyard would be a good shout, ***"what kind of fruits we talking though bananas, strawberries, apples and that kind of thing". "I wouldn't have thought there I'd go vineyard"***

So we headed to the vineyard Amelia is here or been her her sent is so strong. ***"It's Roman, Libby just confirmed it." "thanks matt"*** her scent is just lingering it's not in a certain direction the trackers have having a hard time, whether she was here or not. **Amelia please where are you? Lucas?** 

**Lucas help me please, I don't know where I am, I think he wants to kill me.**

###chapter 64 The underground
I awake in a dark and dirty cellar, the smell of damp and rotting invading my nostrils. I try to move but realise I chained up so I just get myself to a sitting position. I'm a little weak but if I just stay here maybe I can just regain some energy. I smell wolfsbaine but has no effect on me, I also recognise the scent here but I don't know why? **Tara are you okay? yes mate came for us but he was late I'm sorry I didn't fight for us. It's okay it was a shock for both of us.** Maybe I shouldn't have left, maybe if I'd have just got on we would be fine now. I start sobbing my pain of missing Lucas, the aches of needing him to hold me, my body just wanted Lucas at this point and now I'll never see him again. **you can't think like that Amelia, Lucas will come for us I know he will.** 

I try to look around for an escape plan, maybe there's something here I can use to my advantage, It's just so dark my eyes are struggling until I focus some more the more I start illuminate areas I'm looking at maybe it's another ability or it's just wolf vision at it's finest. I here people beyond the room I'm stuck in, shouting I try to listen, I'm sure it's Romans voice. I stay silent but no one comes in I'm just left here. My energy almost fully regained, I try to loosen the chains to no success their too tight. I just lay on the concrete floor thinking of all the things that had happened over the last week or so, that is until I hear, ***"she should be out for atleast another 6 hours according to the dosage".*** What the hell did they give me, it obviously wasn't working on me as it should, probably my body just replenishing itself thank god for being a prophecy. 

**Lucas Mateo Nathan anyone? I'm okay I just don't know where I am please help me. Amelia you can link thank god, I know your okay I can feel it, no need to be scared though I'm trying to work out where you are, we have trackers with us, and luckily your scent has been left behind so strong is shouldn't take long, I'm coming for you beautiful hang tight. I'm sorry I left, I love you Lucas. It's me that's sorry don't worry you'll be coming home before you know it.** 

**Tara did you leave a strong trail, of course I did he's coming for us, he needed a little help. Thank you.** I'm sat there kind of excited, he's coming for me he still loves me and most of all he's realised he was wrong. I continue to lay on the concrete floor before I here alot of shuffling and keys clanking, then the click of the door unlocking, I lift my head up and see someone I don't recognise haul me off the floor and unchained me. ***"Come"*** he takes me through lots of passage ways, I could hardly keep up with what turns we were taking. We enter into a well lit room and a table for two sat directly in the middle. Roman, appears from a side door dressed quite sharply. I feel disgust in my stomach and anger soaring through my veins, he was once my best friend now all I see is hatred. **Amelia control yourself don't expose your abilities.** Tara was right I need to play along for our safety. 

***"Come Amelia no need to be scared I'm not going to hurt you, let's have dinner"*** I just nod, and get urged to take a seat. ***"How's your life been outside our pack Amelia? you look radiant as ever and you look like your taken care of well, I must thank them for taking good care of you" "it's good, thank you, I made some friends and what not"*** food arrived and a bottle of wine. Roman poured us both a glass although it smelt cheap and nasty I took a sip. ***"I'm glad you had friends, people actually seeing the Amelia I've known for years just a shame you won't be seeing them again. Don't worry you'll make new ones with me too" "I notice the wolfbaine hasn't affected you, sorry about that though I needed to stop you running away from me again" "About that Roman I never ran away, I was made rogue they said it was because of you" "No Amelia don't give me excuses, you ran away from me and you didn't look back" "Think whatever you want to think but I didn't I was made rogue and your the one who didn't protect me like you said you always would." "I'm very disappointed with your lying Amelia, we will have to work on them if this is what they changed you into"*** I notice Roman sounds like he's lost it, he's gone full on deranged. It's definitely not the Roman I once knew. ***"Amelia you need to eat"*** I pick at my food not really feeling hungry I actually feel sick to my stomach. ***"I'm not that hungry" "I suppose you won't be, your away from your mate, don't worry that will soon be sorted out you will no longer wear his mark and have no connection with him rest assured" "Roman you have lost your mind, how could you ever think I'd want you with the person you have turned into" "enough Amelia you have made me the way I am it is your fault you promised yourself to me and that's what will happen"*** I don't even reply, he has completely lost it, there will be no reasoning with him anymore he's just bitter and angry and doesn't see the situation for what it is. **Lucas please come soon, I don't know how long I'll be able to control myself here.** ***"If your not going to eat and just continue to patronise me then I think you should go back to your room, I won't stand for your spoilt bratt behaviour"*** he signals the man to take me back. Thank the goddess I don't have to sit through that torture any longer, ***"Is he always like that"*** I mutter to the guard. ***"pretty much, I don't like this as much as you but I have to protect my own too I'm sorry"*** bowing his head as he chains me back up ***"I'll try and bring you something to eat and drink later but I can't promise"*** he was put in an impossible situation too, perhaps Roman has got his family or has threats on his family. He's a changed man and not for the better. 

**Lucas when you do come for me spare the guard, he's only doing this out of fear for his family, I think Roman has them too. How many are there beautiful?  I'm only aware of Roman and a guard I haven't seen anyone else. Okay thank you Amelia please hang tight we think you've been taken to a vineyard. If he has I know the one he would but I'm not able to confirm it, I'm underground in cellers it's like a maze under here. It's okay beautiful we still got your scent.**

Stuck in the cell again, wondering why would he bring me to the vineyard, maybe it's just a memorial thing for him and we had so many good times at the vineyard. Memories together filling my head, the laughs, the only person who mattered at that point but he's not that person anymore. I feel myself getting tired so just curl up and try to let my body rest. 

I must have fallen asleep, I look around and find a sandwich and bottle of water the guard must have dropped them in and realised I was asleep so just left them for me. I take a sip of water and eat the sandwich thanks to the kind gesture of the guard. It actually tastes nice, and I feel a little more energy creep in. ***"Amelia Roman has some clothes here for you."*** he enters the cell and hands me the clothes unchaining me for me to be able to change and turns around. ***"Thank you" "your welcome" "my mate is coming when he does I want you to run and get your family I'm sorry you got pulled into this mess"*** he doesn't answer me but nods. Roman appears in the doorway, ***"Amelia this is Revenna, she will help us with your mark and bond. It will be later on today and hopefully all will be back to normal in time."*** I don't reply I just go to sit back down and wait for everyone to leave me, it takes them a while to get the hint but eventually they leave. 

**Lucas you have to hurry, they want to undo our bond and it will happen soon. please hurry there's a witch here too.**

###chapter 65 Dinner Turned Sour
If he manages to undo my bond with Lucas I might aswell be dead. I don't want or need anyone but Lucas he's the best thing that happened to me, I find myself sobbing my heart breaking at the thought I may not be mated anymore, I certainly don't want Roman as a mate, thoughts of Lucas warming me, Tara getting extremely unsettled. Lucas not linking back I let out a deep sigh. 

I'm left sitting in this cell for what feels like hours on end with my own thoughts, begining to lose all hope of my rescue. The only sound is my stomach growling in hunger and drips coming from the leaking pipes. Tara really not doing well at the moment, she's just silent with no input on how we get ourselves out of this. ***"Amelia time for dinner."*** as the guard undoes the chains. ***"thanks, these have no affect on you but how?" "I'm not sure but atleast it's only the tightness hurting me" "I've seen a pack heading towards this location hopefully they won't be long" "thank you" "I just hope they have a bullet proof plan" "probably wing it" "there's about 20 wolves and a witch, they best come with a plan"*** crap they won't be prepared for that. 

**Lucas there's about 20 wolves here and a witch the guard informed me. Don't worry I have back up. 

***"Hows dinner Amelia" "it's lovely thank you" "your welcome, hopefully tonight it will be a new begining for us" "It's a full moon tonight meaning it's going to be perfect timing"*** it's a full moon that will work in Lucas favour, but why take away my bond on a full moon? ***"you looking forward Amelia?" "don't ask questions you won't like the answer to" "snappy aren't we, Hamish take her back to her room" "yes sir" "we'll come to get you when we're ready for you"*** I just nod in agreement. 

**Tara if Lucas is gonna take much longer we will need to fight our way out of this. I know I'm keeping my energy for us just incase.** Don't even know how long I'm being kept here until they take me, wondering patiently waiting. For either me unleashing myself or Lucas showing up. I hear a commotion outside the door before Roman uncuffs me and drags me out into the hallway, going down different passage ways than before we end up in a room let up with candles and what seems to be a ritual circle. 

***"Amelia are you ready to remove your mark and bond?" "Roman I don't want this and you know that." "shut up and get on with it".*** My heart pounding now, the witch wraps some plants around my wrists and smothers them with wolfsbaine, it should be now burning me and making me weaker, the witch notices it doesn't have an affect. ***"not possible" "You never said wolfsbaine wouldn't have an affect on her" "this could be more difficult, did you build a tolerance?"*** I ignore her not answering. The witch pours an essence into a tube, throwing little spells out here and there, Roman now smirking, nows my chance to try and grab my freedom, I snap the plant wrapping my wrists. I feel myself getting angry. ***"Stay away from me both of you."*** I step back into the shadows. ***"Amelia there's no where for you to go from here"*** she must be trying to distract me. To get me to back into my position. Roman fiercely holds me down in order for the witch to try and bind me again, making her attempt a failure, letting the anger wash over to me. I'd burst into flames and set them both into shock as while they try to control me. Roman burnt himself and and the witch couldn't see that coming as they try to regain some of their power back I hit them both with another round of flames. ***"Amelia when did you?*** I hear Roman trying to come out with words. I hear howling, it must be Lucas hes here. ***"oh lover boy is here to watch it all happen".*** As the guards usher Lucas, Mateo and Nathan in I notice they have blood stained fur. They shift back to human form. The witch tries to throw some spells at us but to her failure my necklace was protecting me as it should. 

Lucas and Roman now having a face off. All who was watching couldn't take their eyes off Lucas he was huge compared to Roman. ***"You will pay for taking my girl that I promise you".*** Lucas growling at Roman. ***"How did you get in?" "your guards were pretty pathetic. I'm sure someone's going to need to clean the halls too"*** In the corner of my eye I can see the witch trying to perform a spell, I send flames from my hands before she can complete her spell, getting annoyed at me she sends another bolt toward me again not doing anything.***"Not so fast are you" "your very special my love"*** Roman tried to distract everyone with his words, Lucas only getting angrier and as he goes in for a strike Roman dodges and aims for me, before he knows it he's being tackled by Lucas, he's faster. ***"Don't you dare lay a finger on her". "she's mine, you took what is mine. If I can't have her no one can!"*** Roman tries to be humorous, the witch waiting for a signal as she stand patiently, I notice it must be Damon taking control. Roman shifts into his wolf form, ***"no she's mine, she chose me"*** Lucas also shifting, he looks bigger from when I seen him last, the witch throws an arrow, looking astonished it doesn't affect him. Roman and Lucas circle around waiting for someone to make a move, Roman leaps to Lucas, while Lucas leaps to dodge quickly switching to attack taking Roman by surprise, he shrugs it off, Damon probably in full control of the situation. He's just playing at the moment, I can tell by his demeanour. Roman swiftly goes for Lucas ankle catching a bite before Lucas can leap, letting out a slight yelp shaking it off. No more playing get this done. The guard I know as Hamish, sets himself behind Matt and Nathan. I whisper to him ***"Nows your chance go and get your family"*** he nods in appreciation and exits the room. Roman now bleeding quite badly as Lucas is now tearing his body apart, Roman hasn't given up though. Lucas rips a chunk out of Romans shoulder and spits it to the floor. Roman looks weak now and unable to keep his stance. I know Lucas is going to finish him, as Roman trys to curl up Lucas pushes him with a paw and presses into his chest, letting out a loud howl then holds his neck in his jaw, all you hear is a massive crunch and a limp wolf laying on the ground blood pouring out. The witch trys to make a hasty exit but Hamish and his family bring her back in, after her failed escape. Lucas shifts back, ***"You can finish this one if you want beautiful". "with pleasure"*** I quickly dodge all her strikes, almost like my gymnastics moves coming out. I finely get hold of the witch and she laughs in my face and spits at me, ***"you haven't got it in you"*** and with that I grab her head with both hands and just snap it clean and drop the old hag to the floor. 

I dive into Lucas, ***"What took you so long?", "sorry beautiful these passages are very confusing" "I couldn't keep track either"*** I turn toward Hamish, ***"thank you, you took care of me" "it's okay, I couldn't imagine losing my mate like that. I have to go find somewhere for us to go now"*** Lucas stepped in ***"What do you mean somewhere to go" "we were taken from our pack and forced to resign our oath, so we currently don't have anywhere to go so I'm going to go to the motel for tonight and see where life takes us from there" "Amelia says you were helpful and gave information and asked me to spare your life, I wouldn't have been as prepared if it wasn't for you so please come join us at our pack" "Thank you sir, are you sure the alpha won't mind?" "I'm the future alpha so I'm sure I can wangle something, probably do the oath myself if my father doesn't agree." "but why we don't have anything to offer you?" "what did you do in your last pack? I know we need extra nursery staff and possibly warriors, or a new architect ours is well slow" "architect sounds good and my mate here can help with the nursery"  "that's sorted then" "can we head home now I'm exhausted"*** I feel my eyes getting heavy, ***"of course Amelia home to where you belong"***
###chapter 66 Optimistic 
After being back almost a week now I haven't let Amelia out of my sight, I can't risk losing her again, I didn't realise how hard I was being on her. I think she's happy that she's with me all the time now though we even more time for her to visit the gym, I couldn't believe how good she was, it's no wonder her agility and stamina were up to standard's they were, and Tara's unique style of play fighting with Damon getting the better of him most of the time but I'm sure he goes easy on her. She would give him a good fight in all seriousness, her speed and tactical side were outstanding, even making it look graceful. most of all it made Amelia happy to just lose herself and forget the world outside for that hour was just amazing it did wonders for her health and mindfulness. 

We missed council meeting which Da wasn't too happy about but Amelia did all the work so he wouldn't know anything if he showed by himself anyway. The council were fully understanding why we couldn't attend the meeting but we did submit our paperwork via email and Amelia spoke to them about some of the things were changed and issues present so they could speak on our behalf, which is a very rare occurance but given the circumstances they did, thankfully. The black shadow pack were indeed rejected on their proposal due to lack of support they could give, so as you can imagine they are still angry over the whole ordeal but they have nothing to give and everything to take, the council doesn't work like that. Even smaller packs always have something to give in order to have the unionship we share. So that backfired all thanks to Amelias hard work, Da was also actually pleased too.

Mateo actually made his mark and Libby the same so they are planning their mating ceremony, they don't want anything extraordinary just simple and done and a party after, pack members only so, still large in numbers but not the whole fuss we did, that's planned for Sunday on our next full moon. Something to look forward too, Nathan is still waiting for his mate and gets a little jealous of us, sometimes but he's turning 18 next month so hopefully won't be too long, I hope it's Nikki them too have such good banter and get on so well.

My Da still not willing to give up the title, still angry and bitter at me, I'm waiting for him to turn, I know what I need to do but it's so hard he's the only parent I have left, I have to protect the pack, most importantly My Luna, I owe it to my mother. 

Amelia and I spending the day in today she's just getting over her first heat. She's a little sore and tired, I wouldn't be surprised if my seed is well and truly planted in her, not that I mind I mean Amelia carrying my pup is going to to be the most amazing thing I've ever dreamed of, I hope it turns out just like her, my thoughts carrying me away. ***"Lucas your thinking about our pups again aren't you, I know we are both ready but I'm still concerned about the threats we face and whether we would be able to keep our pup safe at the point in time"***. There she goes pops my bubble even though I know she's right, there's so many risks right now, but if there's anyone to protect them it's me and Trent, Nothing out happen to Amelia and that pup I mean nothing anger creeping in slightly. ***"I know Amelia, I just can't wait to see my pup in your arms"*** she leans in to nuzzle herself into me, I know she feels the need too, worry is just clouding her. ***"Is it okay if we go to that big library again I want to search some things about the Alpha's?" "sure if you want why may I ask?"*** I knew exactly why she was asking my mother must have put it in her letter but I can't see any other way. ***"Don't act dull Lucas please, I don't want blood shed"*** I just nod as she turns to throw on some comfy clothes, joggers and a hoodie and some sneakers, she looks adorable effortlessly. I get the keys from the hook I think she prefers the BM to the Ranger.

Amelia asks ***"Good afternoon Grant, here are the books we borrowed last time, where can I find a book about becoming an Alpha, different procedures and so forth"*** she almost whispers. ***"oh my dear and I thought you'd never come back to see me, I must say your Aura is much more magnificent from the last time I seen you, your power is radiating, and your glow thats something else. How are you two keeping find everything you needed?" "Thank you, yeh we did and more, there's more than meets the eye as always" "I agree young one, now what was it you were looking for?" "becoming an alpha and claiming the title" "oh yes, thought you might need something before long, that father of yours Lucas, he's a troubled one for sure."*** okay sore subject he kind of hit a nerve but I'm aware of my fathers demeanour and I can't argue the comment. Grants hands us two books ***"here these should help, it won't be easy either way you do it but these should shed some light and give you some help along the way" "Thank you, we probably be back some time soon."*** Amelia saying our goodbyes, while the words just ring in my ears, troubled, he's not troubled he chooses to be an ass. 

Back at the pack house Amelia just cuddled up of the sofa reading while I sat watching TV and doing some pack paperwork inbetween, I hear Amelia's tummy growling, ***"You hungry beautiful I'll order takeout if you like, Chinese for a change?" "that would be lovely thank you baby, the usual for me but add some of the crunchy rolls too" "no problem my queen"*** I order food and head for the shower while we wait for food. 

As I pop into the shower and start washing myself I can't help but the thoughts of everything still looming over, even with Roman out the way I still have to deal with Jackson and my Da. Da is going to be a hard one, it's going to be painful, I know Amelia means well but I don't see any other way out of this and to top it off, it's all I have left. Trying to think of every possible solution, perhaps we should just run away and just be free of all the drama and stress just me and Amelia away from it all. *Knock Knock* ***"Lucas are you okay? you can talk to me, I feel the pain too" "everything is fine, just give me a minute I'll be with you"*** I rinse myself off and turn the shower off to everything falling silent, as I look at myself in the mirror I see my mother staring back at me smiling almost giving me comfort as I let the feeling consume me it settles me just enough to sort myself out. When I enter back into the living area I see the table set and food layed out, didn't even realise I was that long. ***"come let's eat Lucas"*** Amelia spoke softly, I nodded and joined her at the table. 

***"Lucas I know your troubled at the moment but I am here if you need to talk"*** I know she is and always will be but I'm scared, I'm scared I'm not strong enough to lead this pack, scared I'm not able to make my mother proud most of all I'm scared I may lose Amelia if I can't protect her. All the thoughts keep juggling in my head, before I could stop myself the words came out ***"Let's runaway and never look back"*** Amelia just cocked her head aside, ***"Lucas you know things aren't that simple" "they could be if we did no worries no responsibilities" "Lucas you can't just run away from the problems were facing it's not the answer besides your mother has put alot of time into this pack to make it what it is, you owe her that to keep it running as it should"*** she's right my mother wouldn't be happy if I just left everything behind, I sigh. ***"We will get through this Lucas one way or another."*** shes always so optimistic, me on the other hand am not. ***"how's the book coming, found anything?"*** I quickly derail slightly to clear my thoughts. ***"Nothing really, the usual ways you know but nothing really without an alpha stepping down or blood shed"*** she bows her head, I lift her head ***"if there's any other way beautiful, you'll find it".*** I feel her face warm to my words, this girl has no idea how amazing she is but I need to keep her optimism or we will both crumble. 
###chapter 67 Only one way to find out
We finish up dinner and Amelia heads back to see if she can find anything else, giving up after a short while, getting fed up with not being able to get any answers. We cuddle up and watch a film, both of us happy to just relax after what seemed to be a rough time at the moment, eachothers company is just what we both needed. 

As the film was coming to an end, Amelia started to get fidgety with that grinding herself against me, making my cock awaken such a relaxing evening and amazing company now all I want to do is tear her clothes off and fuck her in every way possible way. I catch a devilish grin from her in the corner of my eye making me note she's well aware of what shes doing to me. I playfully grab her and start gently play fighting with her which was far more of a turn on than I expected. Amelia just gripped on to me and started to push her tongue into my mouth forcefully showing me some dominance. I love it when she wants to be dominant and I'm more than happy to submit most of the time, feeling abit naughty I pull away in order to try and take away her dominance by pinning her against the sofa, until she finally manages to get a grip of my hair pulling me down on her indicating she wanted me to pleasure her sweet arousal. I just gently nibble and kiss her thighs, making goosebumps appear over her skin. ***"Lucas tear them off if you have to, I want you to feel what you do to me with every inch of that tongue of yours"*** her wish is my command, in all fairness I wanted to taste her nectar, it's almost like a drug I will always keep coming back for more. I tore her shorts and panties off and threw them to the floor, ***"won't be needing them anymore, they look better on the floor anyway"*** I added smirking at her. I began to work on her sweet lips, parting them as my tongue glided over her, her juices mixing with my drool, ***"my beautiful Amelia you taste divine, I want you to release yourself over me"***, I mutter while sliding a finger into her entrance, Amelia pushes into me as I do. I keep at a steady rhythm as I feel her breathing picking up, her walls pulsating around my fingers tightening at every thrust, she's almost ready for her release, I take my fingers out and bring her to my mouth, I work my tongue to cover every inch of her possible, before feeling her warm, sweet nectar, coating my tongue and lips I keep going for her sweet entrance while gripping on to her hips to ride her orgasm out, with her quivering under each and every wave pulsating through her entire body. Amelia's body is my temple and that I shall worship for the rest of my days.

As Amelia begins to recover from her climax, she pushes me on the sofa to a sat up right position pinning me to the sofa. Amelia had gone into her mischievous domination self. Gripping on to my hair and kissing and nipping down my neck and biting into my mark, I feel my climax building now as my cock throbs for action. Before she steadies herself on her feet ordering me to take my garments off and back onto the sofa. Amelia praising me for listening but leaning in for a deep kiss. The smell of her climax lingering, I reach out to bring her atop of me, only to get a slap on the wrist, ***"don't touch"*** she ordered and she paraded around me not allowing me to make contact with her as she seductively grinds herself upon me, showing me just enough to want more. Wish this girl wasn't such a tease sometimes I'm struggling to on hold here, I just wanted her bent over the coffee table and fuck every inch of that sweet pussy of hers, instead I'm left begging for more. ***"Amelia please I need you" "you do?" "Amelia my cock is throbbing for your touch" "seen as you've been ever so patient."*** Amelia climbs straddling me being her flexible self she gets herself into a position to allow access for herself and me. Amelia starts with a slow and steady rhythm, to keep the intimacy intact, everytime I lean in to hold she just slaps and my arm, I place my hands behind my back allowing her full control of my body. She runs her hands over my chest and over my abs, tracing my muscle lines spending my blood rushing though each nerve ending ***"Amelia I can't take anymore please "*** Amelia still keeping up a pace, she suddenly goes harder and faster at me, finding her climax building along with mine. Amelia slows it for and utters ***"can't have this over too soon"*** this is like torture but always kept me on my toes. Amelia came on me hard and fast from them on finding herself in search for her climax. While both of us go harder and faster we both find our climax and ecstacy coming in quickly before releasing ourselves onto eachother. Letting our electricity and fire ignite into explosion. Both of us left panting and sweaty Amelia just lays atop allowing my body to relax her and steady her breathing. 

Both of us ended up falling asleep on the sofa last night, making it slightly awkward in the morning and slightly uncomfortable but we actually slept well. Amelia made breakfast, while I headed for a shower and changed. Amelia got back to reading just after breakfast, hoping to find something. Letting out sighs now and then. 

**Luc Libby wants to spend sometime with Amelia and I need to have a chat with you. No worries come over just finished up here. 

***"Mateo and Libby are on their way beautiful" "no worries I'll pop and put some clothes on"*** probably best seen as she's walking around in my shirt and her panties. Mateo and Libby enter and Amelia exits. ***"she's just going to change, how's everything? Great all in all, except this pack is going to the hell Lucas, we can't keep going like this" "I know Amelia is looking to see if there's a way out except blood shed she doesn't want blood shed, can't blame her neither do I if I can help it"*** Amelia comes back looking like a goddess, jeans crop top and her slippers, she looks incredible whatever she wears, she put a bin bag on and I'd still find her hot as hell.  ***"tea, coffee anyone?"*** she offered all of us, all accepting a coffee. ***"So how's everyone?" "Good Amelia, how are you?" "I'm better than ever really" "have you found anything, not yet but I'm still looking" "Amelia I need some advice can we talk"*** Amelia and Libby go sit at the table to chat, while me and Mateo continue to talk about pack problems, my father has beheaded 5 warriors in the last 2 weeks for stupid reasons. Mateo is concerned it's getting too out of control, I agree he needs to be stopped but I worried of the consequences. ***"We also have had two pack members wandering beyond the borders killed, and note left we're coming for you" "that's Jackson displaying his threats in hope of us trying to find something, were not playing into his hands just have a deserved burial and give my condolences"*** Mateo just nodded and agreed it's probably our safest option right now. I need to keep Amelia safe at all costs. 

Later that evening Amelia got back stuck in the book reading and searching again. Time definitely not our side anymore, not that Amelia was aware of everything my father had been losing control of. After hours of endless searching and reading ***"I've got it"*** is all I heard Amelia beyond excitement can barely get out any words I calm her down and tell her to explain. ***"It may not be the best way in the world but it means no blood shed. The council can interfere and claim an Alpha unfit for his role, but the pack would need to vote after the interference if a new Alpha can't be appointed but I'm sure we wouldn't need to worry about that you are the next in line you should automatically get the title."*** This could go one of two ways, my father leaves and doesn't return or he tries to harm me or Amelia, and I'm guessing he's not going without a fight. So means blood shed but Amelia was excited and it is the only option so we kinda got to go with it letting out a sigh. ***"Let's start filing motions tomorrow morning then beautiful."***

###chapter 68 Did someone say dance? 
We finally filed the motion to rid my father of his title with Marks help of a psychological assessment included along with both our letters which would prove Ma knew it would come to this. I hope this works, with me being next in line it has been suggested I take the role with my Luna by my side. The only good thing nothing would be concluded until after Mateo and Libby's mating ceremony I didn't need anything ruining it for them. With both of them needing to find new outfits I allowed Amelia to go with Libby and Nikki to look for outfits for the ceremony, while I helped Mateo plus I needed to sort out a girls night for them and an evening for the lads along with Amelia's help. 

We head to catch a bite to eat, having found our suits, hunger started creeping in after Mr Fussy couldn't decide which looked better. Amelia already linked me missing me, in all honesty my body's aching to have her near now. Food came out and started tucking in. The boys talking about what we could do before Sunday Mateo wanted to go out, Nathan happy with whatever, and I would rather be with my wife but hey can't have it all. I'll come up with something with Amelia later on I'm sure she has plenty of ideas. I get distracted by a familiar scent Jackson, Damon on high alert. He just scoots in next to me ***"This is cozy now isn't it, how's everyone?"*** Jackson trying to be a cocky dick. ***"Your not welcome here leave now"*** Mateo scowls. ***"Don't be so hasty now I'm only having a chat with my brothers, strange to see you away from your extraordinary Luna Luc, too many weirdos out there could be dangerous"*** letting out a laugh. Unable to hold myself back any longer I grip him pinning him to the wall letting Damon surface ***"You better leave now little boy, before you get torn to shreds here. You will never get close enough to her to know exactly how extraordinary she really is" "oh but Lucas I already did"*** he spits trying to push me. The woman comes from behind the counter you two got a problem take it else where. ***"Don't worry I'm just leaving"*** releasing Jackson flinging him across the room and giving her money for our bill with a sincere apology for my actions. 

I should have never let him get to me, I should have played along, kicking myself for reacting it's exactly what he wanted from me. I soon wiped the smug look off his face when he felt me pick him off the floor with my one hand. Realising I had in fact got stronger far stronger than before, between the training, mating and I have Amelia's gift, he hasn't got a clue what he'd be in for coming to challenge me. **Are you okay baby? all of a sudden I feel angry, my blood boiling. Everything is fine now beautiful bumped into Jackson that's all. Aslong as your okay that's the main thing. He had a warning from Damon so that could be why you feel it so intense everything is fine. I'll see you at home baby.** 

As Amelia goes through the final things that needed to be organised for Sunday, I continued to the shower. Amelia seemed to have been back a while everything tidied up and cleaned down, fresh sheets. After my shower I find Amelia sat talking to Nova, I easedrop on them, Nova wants to do gymnastics and wondered if Amelia would teach her.***"Of course she will, I think Amelia might be starting up a class soon"*** I butt in. Amelia stares at me confused, ***"Yes Amelia your talented enough and self taught so why wouldn't you be able to teach someone else."*** Nova gets overexcited and jumps over us. Amelia even gets a little excited but doesn't show it, I just feel every nerve of her jumping with excitement. ***"Now my sweet girl I need to have Amelia to discuss some surprises for people is that okay" "okay just let me know when classes are, I'll be there I promise I'll train harder than anyone."*** that I can believe once that girls set on something there's no changing her mind, abit of a young Amelia really, I giggle to myself., thinking to myself while Nova skips along out the door.

***"So whats happening for these two?", "you guys go karting or something and I'll sort out having a cocktail making class in the bunker and some refreshments and that kind of thing, then all of us spend the night together in the bunker for a party?" "sounds good to me beautiful atleast I'll be able to have my wife in the evening, dancing at my side."*** Amelia blushing at my words I know how much she loves to dance but I can't always control my hands wandering her body, it's pure perfection it's like no body else is in the room just me, her and the music. 

We were all set to go while the girls still sleeping we just headed out, they weren't leaving until 1ish. I decided instead of go karting I'd sort us out with some paintballing we haven't been to the new one just the other side of the next town so was worth a shout. There was actually quite a few of us going in, we needed 3 jeeps so should be a good day, even rich was joining us. 

With the 3rd game well underway, Mateo was having an amazing time even with the boys were giving him a hard time. Rich actually proved to be the best marksman I wonder if he had training of some kind, something he will have to give me a little insight to. We had to meet the girls at 7 at the bunker so I arranged a bite to eat when we finish. The klaxon went meaning our session was over it was 3 now so by the time we shower and change then head for food should be around half 4 by the time we are all ready so we would some time for a few before heading to the girls. I can't wait to see my sweet Amelia with everything going on and everything that's happened I hate leaving her side, I'm always on edge, even with security detail on her at all times, look what happened last time and that's with a whole loads of security. I sigh to myself **Mate is okay Lucas she's well looked after with everyone there. I know just still puts me on edge.** Damon very relaxed with her being away from me, he knows she would have herself under more control and always has her guard up now. 

Chatting amongst the lads through dinner, talking about training, the pack, mates and notice Nathan again going quiet, it's really starting to get to him now, hopefully he will find her soon. The girl who gets him will be one very lucky girl, Nathan wears his heart on his sleeve what you see is what you get, he is pure gold one in a million that one, bend over backwards for anyone. ***"Ow guys I think we should start heading for the bunker soon or were going to be late and let's just say I get one unhappy Luna when I'm late"*** the boys just laugh, and show me their thumbs pushing into their palms, under the thumb indeed I am. My gorgeous girl will have whatever she wants whenever she wants and of course I'll bend over backwards to keep my luna happy, without her I'm nothing I might aswell be rotting in a ditch somewhere, she completes me and that's all I could ever ask of her. The boys finish up their deserts some of them seemed to be wearing it but that doesn't shock me the way some of these eat giggling to my own thoughts. 

The night going smoothly Amelia in her element she's barely had a drink but is in full dance and party mode, the one thing I loved about her. Her confidence seems to shine since findng me, she's actually important to someone and I think that has a lot to do with it, I allow her to be herself, I give her the time to relieve her stress, she gets to keep at her hobbies whenever she likes. ***"Amelia you look Amazing tonight" "thank you Alpha you look like a God yourself"*** sending me a wink, she wants to be a tease now. My gorgeous spicy Amelia it is, we both dance away whispering and giggling over both our activities we did today.

Meanwhile I notice Nikki from the corner of my eye stumbling, it's extremely unusual for a wolf to get that drunk with our extremely fast metabolism and ability to heal to barely touches us. ***"Amelia how much has Nikki had to drink?" "I'm not sure I know she was knocking them back like water earlier but I thought she calmed down" "do you know if there's anything playing on her mind. We are going to have to get her home and bed now, I've never seen her like this"*** Amelia agreed and explained there was nothing she was aware of but she would speak to her tomorrow for tonight let's get her back for some rest. We give everyone our apologies and left them to it for the night while we take Nikki back even if she was still trying to refuse.   
###chapter 69  Good with the Bad 
After Amelia changing Nikki and putting her to bed and making sure she was okay, she came back to the room. ***"There's my girl, in a way I'm glad were back early we have alot to do tomorrow in prep for Sunday" "your telling me, Libby has been a bag of nerves too so keeping her calm in all this is becoming more and more difficult, I think it's with everything else looming over too, she's worried it's going to go all wrong for them." "we all know it won't there will be high levels of security at all times, and the council won't be joining until Monday so we should be okay." "What do you mean the council will be here on Monday?"*** Amelia looking at me in complete shock, I forgot to tell her, crap ***"sorry must have slipped my mind with everything going on? the council will be here Monday afternoon to discuss a course of action for me taking Alpha and they agree my father is no longer fit for Alpha it's just we have to go through all the legal side too." "oh right"*** Amelia muttered while I could feel her nerves she kept calm and collectected on the outside. ***"Everything will be okay Amelia, just a few hurdles and it will be over with"*** I bring her into my chest and let her rest there to calm herself. ***"I know but deep down it's like I'm lying to myself I know your father isn't going to react well with this I just don't want you to lose the last bit of your family" "Amelia he's not my Da anymore either way he's not the man I once knew, he's a lost soul now".*** We remain cuddled up on the sofa, while both of just collect our thoughts and just relax into eachothers embrace. We didn't need a passionate love making session, we didn't need our bodies hot and sweaty, holding eachother and just being in our own little bubble was far more intimate at this moment as we just search our minds, slowly start getting heavy eyes and sleepy heads. 

It's the morning of the ceremony and Mateo and Libby both flapping around, I'm sure me and Amelia were fine on our day, we were never this worked up. Amelia down stairs with the staff trying to get them organised for everything and where they are placing everything, Nina and Rich were more than happy to make the food. I'd organised that we continue with training to avoid everyone getting overly worked up. After training Mateo only had time to shower before I'd whisk him and Nathan off, we will get a bite to eat, have a chill out before getting ready ceremony starts at half 5 so we would have plenty of time to relax before the ceremony although I was wondering if that was a good thing or a bad thing, either way we would find out soon. My father now telling me he isn't going to initiate the ceremony and the only other person here capable is me, so another job added to the list.

As Amelia and I greeted a few outsiders to the pack for the ceremony offering beverages and showing them to their rooms for the evening so they could prepare themselves, Libby was with Nikki getting themselves ready while Amelia had already gotten dressed in an above the knee gold and silver short dress with a thigh slit and long sleeves coming into a v neck. she looked like an angel. There was no one not even Libby that could dress up to her, between her beauty and style she could be a model. even some of the younger wolves coming to the pack would stare, even with her mark on full show seen as her hair was pinned up screaming elegance and grace.  If another man even smells her I'm going to rip their head off. not a good idea Lucas you can't, be the man not like she's going to run away from you. I bowed my head in shame as the words echos in my ear. Sorry didn't think before I spoke Damon replied apologetically. 
With only am hour before the ceremony and everyone arrived Amelia and I head on the field to make sure everything was in place and the PA system was working accordingly. Unfortunately Amelia didn't have much time to spend with Libby as she was organising everything unlike when my mother and Nina did for her no one stepped up and I know it upset Amelia that she couldn't give the time for her but also understood that things had to be done. 

***"Now Mateo, would you please say a few words"*** Mateo nods. ***"I'd like to thank everyone for your company on such an important day of our lives it's truly humbling and also thank the moon goddess for blessing me with such a pure heart, Libby not only are the most attractive girl I've seen but your also the most kind, gentle and caring person to go with it. You listen to my troubles I listen to yours, some people will say we are like chalk and cheese, while maybe we are but we fit together perfectly. You are my balance, without you I think I'd be lost. So with that I love all of you Libby the good and the bad, Together we can take on the world." "With the speeches done I need to use the ceremonial blade to allow your blood to mix, both scrunched their faces as I took the blade to them and they placed their hands together in unison, I can now officially granted as a mated couple, you may now Mark eachother in Union or just kiss if you wish".*** With that they both allowed their canines to lengthen and mark eachother on the spot while the crowds whistled and cheered for them. Mateo finished up with a large howl while everyone followed. They both ran off to complete the second part of the ceremony, no one really noticed we thought they would have but all seemed well, food was going down nicely, everyone chatting and giggling, the dance floor starting to pile up also. I didn't think we would have so many people dancing maybe I should have had a bigger one. I drag my beautiful wife up dance for a while before we shift and go for the our run with the pack. 

Amelia had loved every minute of the day but now I could see all her hard work is paying off now she looks exhausted, ***"Amelia darling your tired now why don't we head up to bed and skip the run." "no I'm fine let's go for our run then it's done, I will sleep in the morning" "not too long we have guests tomorrow don't forget"*** she must have forgotten by the look on her face.  Mateo and Libby come back both extremely blushed, ***"You ready now you two?"*** letting out a chuckle. ***"Think so, sorry we got extremely carried away." "no worries it's your day."*** Amelia heads to the mic to make the announcement to make our way to the tree line, plenty of blankets were already placed at the tree line to ensure everyone still had some modesty when they return. Mateo made his move and shifted first Libby followed hesitantly followed by the rest of the pack, Damon and Tara were finally free to do as they please as we took the back seat and relaxed into it. After a few hours of just being free, Amelia and I decided to head back and go up to bed seen as we both had important business to tend to tomorrow which of course would require concentration and alertness, not to forget it could turn into a blood bath.

Amelia did have her lay in and my nerves were going crazy now, this isn't going to end well I can tell before we even come to having a discussion. It may not be a traditional Alpha ceremony but it has to be done in the best interest of the pack. Amelia getting herself prepared and going over paperwork while I just keep my head level knowing of what's coming. Amelia will deal with the terms and conditions and all that jargon, she seems to be good at that kind of thing. ***"Lucas please calm down I can't focus with your nerves rushing through me." "sorry beautiful, just trying to prepare for worst case scenario" "I know baby, we will get through all this" "He's lost his mind Amelia this isn't going down well, I'm gonna have to.."*** I can't even finish the sentence Amelia wraps her arms around me, it's not Da anymore Lucas, we will do what is necessary for this pack. I know doesn't make it easy. Damon just backs off leaving me to argue with myself. 

**Buddy, council are here, okay I'll meet them in Da office if you will escort them, I'd like you and Nathan to join us along with summon Da beta. No worries. Thanks boy.** 

***"So gentlemen and lady we have been summoned to rectify an issue which has been long standing" "what is this all in aid of?"*** Da answered abruptly. ***"Da we have been trying to get through to you on this issue and your putting us all at risk with your lack of judgement and your state" "what bloody issue I don't have any" "Alpha Brandon Silverstone we no longer see you fit to fulfil your duty as Alpha of this pack we are here to strip you of your title"*** Da just laughed  ***"You gotta be joking, you think I can't run this pack have you seen this pack it's run on a tight ship" "Alpha you have become a threat to your own pack, you have killed your own members which you would have never done and we do not wish to cause too much drama here, I understand your position you have lost your mate, it's enough to damage anyone both physically and mentally in which we cannot blame you for at all." "Brandon you haven't done any paperwork or the daily running for this pack nor have you engaged in any pack activities to understand what is happening"*** his Beta answered agreeing with us he has lost it basically. ***"So we have two options we will forcefully take your title or you can give it up willingly"*** I can see my fathers blood boiling at this point he doesn't even try to hide it letting out a growl. ***"So we will now ask you Who is the Alpha of this pack?"  "I am and the only way your going to take my title is by taking my life I will never bow down to this ridicule" "if that's how it has to be Alpha"*** taking a deep breath ***"I, Lucas Silverstone of the Silverstone Pack challenge you Alpha Brandon Silverstone for the title of Alpha of this pack"***
###chapter 70 Surprise Meeting
***"I accept your challenge" "It will take place on the field at 11am tomorrow"*** the council arranged. ***"It doesn't have to be this way you know"*** Amelia stuttered. My father just stormed out without a care in the world so that's it then a fight to the death it is, letting out a deep sigh.

Emotions and stress levels running high at the moment, I've stayed silent alot Amelia just stayed out of the way not wanting to add to the pressure. I could feel her stress her emotion and her ache to wrap herself around me, she's trying to hard to keep herself going, while I'm trying to work everything out in my head. The thoughts of my mothers letter, the thought of loosing Amelia when I take alpha thats even if I can beat Da, I'm not sure on his fitness levels and fight tactics anymore, I haven't seen him train in so long I don't know what to expect. Perhaps he's gonna fight dirty maybe he's going to go into full on fury. All these things building up more and more. I gotta get out of here. **Lucas we will be fine you know that, I'm here to defend protect and guide which I will with every ounce of my wolf. I know Damon it's just hard. I get it Luc you lost Ma it devastated all of us, now you need to take your own Da life, for you, Amelia and this pack, most importantly for him he's not the man he once was, mate is feeling all our tension and stress too it's not good for her either, she's being strong for all of us and will be whenever she needs too.** I let out a sigh knowing Damon is right she takes so much on, she does everything she can to help everyone and anyone, Amelia my perfect Luna, with everything she is and everything she will become, Goddess my love grows everytime I look at her. 

***"Amelia, my beautiful wife, how are you holding up? you seem very distant" "I'm okay just trying to drown out my thoughts by keeping busy, and help you the same time giving you time to process everything, I wish we didn't get to this you know, I'm scared Luc I can't lose you" " your not losing me beautiful, I'm always here, right here"*** placing my hand on her heart knowing there's not much I can do to comfort her thoughts. She wraps her arms around me pulling me into her, letting out a sob. I lift her chin to look at her beautiful golden eyes, always so mesmerising, I can see her every emotion through her golden sparkle. ***"Amelia everything will work out, I'm doing this for everyone including him he's not the man he used to be, even before you met him"*** she just nods letting more tears escape, I use my thumb to wipe away her tears. ***"It hurts to see you cry Amelia, soon these tears will be gone I want nothing but the best for you and this pack, but right now I need to focus, I have to go train possibly go for a run with Damon try and get us prepared" "I understand, I might head over to the gym to just lose myself there"*** I swipe my hand gently down her cheek and bring her lips to mine sweetly taking in each ounce of passion, love and courage I need from here almost leaving us breathless. ***"I love you Lucas" "I love you too Amelia"*** I head out the door to head down to training grounds. 

**Guys I'm heading down the training grounds some help wouldn't go without a miss. Sure thing bro. No worries I'll bring my Dad too perhaps he will have some advice on a few things for you.** 

Training with the boys, pushing harder than ever to make sure there was nothing standing in my way, ***"Lucas I don't understand why your pushing yourself so hard, your already in impeccable shape" "it takes away some of the anger too" "Lucas your father isn't the same man." "I know that but I don't know anything about the way he's going to fight this, and I'm angry it's come to this" "Lucas your father won't stand a chance, your faster, your tactical and immense stamina, where as your father is just brut force, plus he hasn't trained since before your mothers passing so he's probably a little rusty too." "not to forget since mating Amelia your whole fighting demeanor has changed your father hasn't seen you train since Amelia he won't know what's coming"*** Mateo added ***"I wouldn't be so sure, but she does give me an upper hand. Only thing he can fight dirty, once wrong slip up from me and..." "Lucas wise up, your not thinking like that now, you have this in the bag the only standing in the way is you. Your emotions are what's going to get the better of you. There needs to be a cut off you have to let go."*** Nathan stated firmly, shocking me a little it's usually Mateo that jumps in, his face stern, he's extremely serious this time. ***"Look I'm not here to tell you how bad this is gonna feel and how it's effecting you right now, I will be there to pick up the pieces, but right now you need to let everything go and focus. I am here to support you, protect you and put you on the right path and that's what I will do either way."*** I've never seen Nathan like this, I'm abit taken back by his words have ,meaning and I respect him for that and he's right I do need to focus with what's at hand, so I just nod without adding fuel to the fire. ***"Guys let's finish up I need to go for a run with Damon let him get some time to practice and train. I'll catch you for dinner unless Amelia is making food"*** the boys just nod and begin to walk away ***"Good Luck not that you need it"*** Evan tapped me on the shoulder. 

Damons paws pounding against the ground, pushing harder and faster than before weaving between trees and bushes, **don't cause yourself an injury, I'm not I'm training.** Continuing to push, trying out hunting at speed and different tactics. **Damon I've never seen all this. I've been watching Tara and wanted to try a few things to see if I could do it my own way, which is paying off I believe. That it is but how is this going to help, I'm becoming more flexible and my thought processes are much quicker now so my reactions to danger are sharper, I'm not a complete idiot you know. Never said that just never really understood the reasoning.** Damon continued go mess around and work on things. 

Damon actually starting to exhaust himself takes a little break next to the stream, listening to the water trickle down, calming and soothing. Thoughts of Amelia come to me, images of her fluid dancing and gymnastics pouring in, thinking I've been a dick, she's needed me too, **she doesn't want all this, she never did she tried everything to work around it but deep down she knew it was going to come to this it was in her letter too don't forget. Except she doesn't know the implications if Da had ever biten her she would have lost everything her abilities, her nature, more importantly I would have lost her.** With the thoughts of losing Amelia came thoughts of my Ma she had already gone he took her away from me, All because he couldn't be what she needed him to be, he was an asshole, it must have weakened him too thats why he's turned into a savage, induce fear gain control and respect. My poor Ma she must have been through hell and back, no wonder she gave up her fight. Everyone of my emotions now battling inside me. **Let it out, you need to, for everyone, for Amelia and Tara.** The fury the frustration and depression sinking me deeper and deeper unable to bare all at the moment, I feel myself going deeper into myself, everything blurred, my eyes flickering, I hear someone coming but can't seem to react, her scent invading my nostrils ***"Amelia I...."*** I couldn't continue my words I couldn't get anything out, all I hear is Amelia screaming ***"Lucas you better not be leaving me, I can't do this alone please I need you I love you"*** everything went blank. 

I smell a familiar scent, my eyes flickering to open to see everything white apart from a small figure, it's Ma she's here wait, Am I dead? ***"Ma where are we? Am I dead?"*** she let out a chuckle, it's been forever since I heard that laugh, sending a warm comforting feeling through me. ***"No my son not dead, unconscious" "but how? why?" "Lucas you sent yourself to a dark place where your head couldn't take anymore so you passed out, my little wolf needs to finish this." "but I don't know if I can, I'm so broken" "your not broken little one just going through hard times as we all do, my fight was over, yours is just the begining" "what you mean just the begining? all I want is a simple happy life, Amelia, my pups and the pack" " life is never that simple my boy. You will get there" "I don't see a way anymore, I don't have you to guide me anymore I don't have you to advise me when I'm going wrong" "if you didn't screw up you'd never learn remember that, you have Amelia, she will share your weight, help you, guide you and support you unconditionally, look how far she has come, she's taking the pack on solo, there wouldn't be a pack if it wasn't for her recently. she's taken on more than you can imagine aswell as her own emotions" "I know I've been shit, I don't even deserve her, she's been aimlessly trying to get everything in check and make everyone happy the same time but at her own sacrifice" "because she will stop at nothing to help everyone else she's special, she is your strength and weakness and everything inbetween and your the same for her" "I just don't want to be a burden on her she has so much going on" "you need to speak to her more about your tension she will help I promise you, your the reason she does everything she does, There are times where you will need to do the same for her" "Thanks Ma" "Your welcome but I have to go now  and you need to wake up, one last thing she needs to train and control her abilities, her power is incredible but if she can't control it properly things could go horribly wrong for everyone. I love you my little wolf go back to your family" "Ma wait will I see you again" "I'm always in your heart my boy"***
###chapter 71 No turning back
***"I don't know what we're gonna do Lucas needs to come around soon, he's been out for hours"*** I hear Mateo stating, ***"Well he's going through a rough time at the moment it's no wonder this happened"*** Amelia snapped back my eyes begin to flicker and open seeing Amelia's hair fall down her back, her scent flowing though my nose, ***"Amelia... I neeee"*** She turns sharply wrapping her arms around me her tear stained face telling me she's been beside herself. ***"It's okay I'm here, I just need water"*** my mouth like sand paper. Nathan hands over the glass with a straw. ***"thanks" "don't do this to me again I thought I was losing you" "can't get rid of me that easy beautiful"*** letting out a chuckle I actually feel 1000 times better than before, Amelia must have put some healing into this too. ***"How long was I out?" "long enough we only have an hour until we meet Da"*** shit I had been out a long time, didn't feel that long though. ***"I'm gonna grab a shower and change" "no worries I'll fix us up a bite to eat".*** 

Amelia fixed up some breakfast rolls for us all, smells just as amazing at they tasted. ***"thanks Amelia"*** everyone muttered with their mouths full. Mark decided to make an appearance, ***"I see you've come around well" "That I have, I'm ready" "do you mind if I check a few vitals to make sure?" "you carry on doc"*** he continued to check everything ***"cool as a cucumber as they say, I would say good luck but you wouldn't need it anyway" "cheers, I'm sure you'll need to check me over later" "probably, I'm sure you'll be fine though"*** Mark exits hastily. ***"Come on we need to make a move too"***

Heading across the field noticing the crowds already building, people patting me on the back while I'm not taking much notice, trying to keep a calm and composed approach while inside I'm a bag of nerves. I see my father making his way across the field, my nerves suddenly turning to anger. Meeting in the middle, Da has a smirk across his face, ***"I hope you said your goodbyes son."*** I don't even give him the satisfaction in replying. The council make their way over to us stopping central to us. ***"First things first, do you Lucas still want to challenge for Alpha?" "I do" "Brandon do you accept the challange?" "wouldn't be here otherwise"*** answering cockily ***"Right now that's clear, rules are as follows, no weapons, no outside support, do not exit the marked out area. if you want to surrender two taps to the ground. You may fight in either of your forms are we understood gentlemen?"*** both nodding in agreement. ***"You may now take your places and good luck"*** the words ringing in my ears as I took a defending position feeling a little sick. 

We circle around for a while, I'm not taking the first throw, I'd rather start in human form anyway, Damon comes out later, **Good choice.** Damon holding back at present. My father lets out a chuckle ***"thought you came here to fight not play ring of roses"*** he's trying to get to me, ***"surprised you know the game, Ma taught me"*** smirking back. His face straightened out, almost trying to fight back the anger. He made his way closer, He's planning on his moves, he throws in a few punches, I dodge and block them quickly changing my stance from defence to attacking laying in some hard punches into his ribs backing off again to defend, ***"you've trained hard boy but not hard enough"*** he throwing in some hard kicks to my thigh. Barely making me flinch, he's weak, he's gonna turn dirty I know it now. I lunge forward throwing another sequence, avoiding his blocks and shuffling myself around quickly to gain the upper hand, I manage to throw in a right hook to his jaw making a cracking noise. Raising his hand to his mouth and spitting the blood away, ***"Let's see how you like this"*** throwing punches one catches my rib and one my shoulder it hurt like hell but doesn't stop me from counter attacking and gripping him to the floor, ***"Why are you doing this?" "You will never make it as Alpha"*** spitting in my face, I step back to let him get to his feet, he's looking at me puzzled, ***"What the wolfsbain? I do smell it, but you know what it has no affect on me so give it your best shot"*** I can see I've angered him so he shifts. Amelia's tension soaring through me, but my own focus drowns it out again. I stay in my human form and use my speed and agility to avoid him. **He's tired, let me out, let's end this, no more playing Lucas.** In that second I launched myself to the air shifting the same time, Damon manages to get a grip on his back paw more or less crunching it in his jaw hearing a yelp coming from Da snarling and flashing his pearly whites, blood covering his beautiful fur. Now he's angry. Da now had to rely on 3 legs, feeling more hyped myself, Da was slowing but his strength still remained, tearing of flesh from Damon, Damon now switched into tactics and started to prance around Da like it was a game, taking a bite here and there. Da caught on Damons back end ripping out massive chunk. Blood now cover both our coats, Damon was ready to finish him with that launching himself around trying to get to an optimum position. Da looking confused and uneasy on how things turning out, Damon speared himself for the last time pinning Da to the floor, barely able to breath. **Didn't expect these turn of events, that little bitch of yours will never be able to live a normal life and the path you chose, you will be punished for.** Damon clenched his jaw around Da's throat, snapping his neck with pure force, and tearing a massive chunk with it, spitting it out to the side. 

I take a moment to regain my thoughts after what just happened, he honestly tried to kill me, nor did he show any remorse for what he had done, he's proved what I'd done had to be done. I couldn't help but allow my emotions to take over as I lay over his body, Amelia running over with a blanket for me, my wounded my wounded body didn't feel any physical pain in that moment. Just the emotion of killing my father and him not even caring about anything he had put me through even after that I still loved him. Amelia wrapping herself around me too, slightly comforting me. ***"Sorry to disrupt you but Lucas you must mix your blood in order to come Alpha and a true Alpha"*** the council man suggested. Sliced mine and my fathers hand with our ceremonial blade and allowed out blood to mix while I healed, I felt the power washing through me the shift in position evident within me, Amelia feeling it pass through her too. The feeling quickly disappeared, being replaced with loss and despair. I had done it I wasn't sure we would be able too. If it wasn't for Damon leveling us out and pushing all the emotional attachments away don't think we would have had the outcome we did. I begin to sob uncontrollably, I loved him, my own flesh and blood I killed him, and he hated me. Anger beginning to soar through me, Amelia looked terrified of me in that moment. None of this would have happened if it wasn't for her. ***"Lucas don't let this get the better of you" "It's all because of you!"*** 
###chapter 72 What is wrong with me?
It's been just over a week since Lucas defeated his father, I understand he's going through alot right now, but I'm scared of being around him, I'm currently staying at Nikki's, Lucas has more or less shut everyone out, especially after most of his pack are defending me, I mean am I really the blame for all this, I didn't ask for all this to happen or even make it all happen, if anything I tried to stop this happening. I'm still left to do everything for the pack though, paperwork and everything else, makes me so angry, I do everything for everyone around here, the people I expect to least be appreciative turn out to the ones who admire me for what I do. I get questioned on how I cope with everything, truth is I don't know, I've been going to the gym more and more lately, I'm not eating so well either, everything is just turning me sick. ***"Amelia please tell me your going to eat some sort of meal today, you can't keep living off tea, coffee, chips and shakes, it ain't healthy girl" "maybe I'll try something later" "I hope so, I know your going through a hard time but please you need to keep yourself going too without you this pack wouldn't function and you know it. You are our Luna and our Alpha is asshole at the moment with his own demons" "I know, thank you Nikki, you've been there even when I haven't asked you to be" "thats what I'm for Amelia friends don't give up on eachother. I have work now but please eat something today, I'll order takeaway tonight if that's going to help you eat." "no worries I'll let you know in abit" "okay I have to go but please look after yourself today we are all worrying about you".***

I do paperwork for a while, I keep getting distracted by Nikki words, I know I need to take care of myself I just don't know how. I feel weak and tired but everything makes me feel sick. I get up to go make some tea and clear up the kitchen abit before getting back to work. The thought I still have quite abit to get through just makes me feel worse. 

I head back to look over some new contracts that have been sent to me, making some phone calls inbetween trying to work out is there any other things that may need amending sorting out pack rota for staff, guards know there's no patterns or anything resembling time scales, everything at random so that bit is easy. Thoughts of Lucas still coming in and out it's hurting to stay away from him but I can't let him treat me like shit. I'm stronger and better than that, I have more respect for myself than that, even as much as it hurts and my heart aches for him, its not my fault, I tried everything for it not to come to this yet he still blames me, it's bad enough I do blame myself time to time but he's supposed to support me, instead he turns his back on me and abandons me. Sometimes I just think I'm better off leaving this place and starting fresh, but I have friends and family here for the first time in my life they made me feel like I belonged somewhere, plus it would probably kill me being away from Lucas anyway. Letting all my thought jumble around my head Tara trying to keep herself calm and collected, everytime Lucas comes to mind her anger strikes, not that I can blame her. I miss him. 

**Amelia can you come by the clinic please? yes of course why? You may not have wanted to share your troubles with me but you have people concerned about you, now that's it's been brought to my attention I'd like to do a check up on you.** I let out a sigh I know Nikki is only doing this in my best interest. **Yes of course, when would you like me to pop over? I'm free now if you are. Yes no worries be there in 5. Great I'll have tea waiting for you.** 

I head to the pack clinic, maybe Nikki was doing this in best interest but I'm sure she could have warned me. As I enter the front doors Nikki is waiting for me. ***"I'm sorry I'm just so worried about you" "it's okay, I appreciate it honestly" "your not mad at me?" "a tad but I'll get over it, I know why you did it, thank you"*** Nikki just wraps her arms around me, ***"I'm here if you need me okay"***

I head for Marks office, he pokes his head out, ***"just in time Amelia, please take a seat." "thanks Mark" "no worries need to keep in check with my favourite patient. So how's things?" " pretty rough I guess, me and Lucas haven't spoken really since our falling out, he continues to blame me, I mean I kinda blame me too sometimes" "Amelia none of this is your fault, remember that, Lucas is going through a testing time but that doesn't give him any right to treat you that way" "no that's why I decided to stay with Nikki" "I see, can you explain abit how your feeling?" "mood swings, weak and tired but not sleeping, I'm aching for Lucas but I can't just got running back with him hating me" "Rightly so darling, how about your abilities are they in check"  "not really, abit all over the place, but I haven't needed them recently" "I might contact Jordan and see what we can do, see if he can give up abit more understanding maybe he can give you some training too plus a little road trip wouldn't do any harm get you away for abit" "I guess so might help" "right can I take some bloods and your vitals please. I also want to examine you if you don't mind, I don't really want you losing the weight we fought hard to put on." "sure whatever you need to do"*** Mark continued to take take some bloods and sent someone to take them urgently. ***"They should be back by the time we finish up, I don't want you leaving until I know your blood levels. I'm prescribing some meds either way but I need to know safe doses, how's the eating and drinking?"***  asking politely as he takes my blood pressure and vitals, ***"not so good I guess, tea, coffee, water, shakes and potatoe chips" "no need for me to explain your treading on thin ice now is there"*** letting out a giggle I did too. ***"everything else seems to look good your weight actually stable which is good"*** I begin drinking my tea, blood results get handed to Mark ***"You need to see these"*** said the nurse. ***"What's wrong with me?"*** my voice shaky, there's something wrong, seriously wrong surely they shouldn't come back that quick. ***"Amelia there's nothing wrong, everything is doing amazingly well, congratulations Amelia your pregnant"***
###chapter 73 That's what friends are for
The whole room was spinning, I was shaking, sweating and my heart racing pounding out my chest. ***"Excuse me pregnant?" "yes Amelia what's wrong?" "I'm not prepared for this, Lucas isn't happy with me now, then I have to go telling him I'm pregnant not a chance"*** my stress levels now rising. ***"Amelia calm down he doesn't need to know until you tell him, I see this is a shock to you, but I do need to scan you to see how far along you are if that's okay with you?"*** I just nod, I hadn't planned for this, sickness washing over me again, ***"someone bring in some cyclizine and a low dose diazepan before this girl goes onto complete shock"*** Mark shouted. Nikki came running in ***"what's going on I heard shouting is everything okay?" "perfectly fine just a little shock that's all"*** Mark reassured her ***"Amelia are you okay? what's wrong?" "Nikki I'm pregnant"*** I start to sob a little shaking and heart racing, ***"Amelia I'm gonna jab into your thigh okay, there's two injections but it will calm you down abit"*** I just nod Nikki lifts my head to look at her. ***"This isnt something to be sad about this the best news we have had in a long time, your carrying the future Alpha of this pack, you should be over the moon"*** I knew I should be happy but with everything so complicated with Lucas I just couldn't think of bringing my pup into this. ***"We will work out girl" "please don't say anything I will talk to Lucas when I'm ready" "you have my word"*** the meds start to kick in I feel my heart slowing and body relaxing. ***"Feeling better now Amelia" "a little" "Good now let's go and have a look at our pup then shall we?"*** 

Mark guides me into another room. ***"Nikki you can come if you like"*** more excited than ever she darts into the room ***"Amelia just get yourself comfortable on the bed and expose your tummy for me"*** as I straighten myself out and get into the best position I can. Mark turns the screen so we can all see ***"I'm just gonna put some cold jelly on now okay" "okay"*** I jump at how cold it is, as he starts running through probe over my lower abdomen, I see my pup clearly, my heart instantly melts at the sight, my pup was right there infront of me and I didn't even know, the love I felt washing over me, was like nothing I've felt before. It's like a whole new experience, I'd fallen in love without meeting them, just pure craziness. ***"Look Amelia there's the little heart beat"*** my body warming to the sight, Mark turned the sound on so I could hear it, it was like music, ***"Amelia your pup is perfectly healthy, I'd say your between 8 and 9 weeks, I do need to contact Jordan for more information on what to expect from your pregnancy and gestation but it's been a while you've been pregnant can't believe you didn't notice" "I haven't really had symptoms, but I will have to take care of the two of us from now on" "Correct and I have some meds here for you to take and some photos of your pup, when I know more about your pregnancy I will call you back, should be able to tell you the sex if you want to know in around 3/4 weeks" "thank you Mark," "Amelia please take care of yourself and your pup, I'll see you soon Nikki you can head back with Amelia take care of her" "thank you for everything"*** I wave as we exit the clinic. 

I'd been on cloud nine since returning back from the clinic I couldn't stop rubbing my belly, and looking at the photos of my little pup Nikki beyond smitten too. We ordered a takeaway I ate something light so I just had a some chicken salad thing while Nikki ate for all three of us, the tablets were infact helping me to feel less sick. ***"How the hell am I going to tell Lucas,? I mean I can't keep it too long" "I know Amelia but you have gotta think he's not in a good frame of mind either" "I can't tell if he's going to snap out of it and feel guilty or if he's going to just resent our pup either way it's my pup I have to protect them" " I think we should go to bed Amelia you have had a long day and you should get some rest, we will figure it out either way" "your right we should probably get some sleep, thank you for everything today and the last week, I don't know where I would be without you," "as I said thats what friends are for".***
###chapter 74 The truth is out
After Mark speaking to Jordan about controlling my abilities and the latest development of my pup, Jordan requested I go stay with him for a few days to have myself under control and of course I haven't spoken to Lucas which means he still doesn't know about it all. I'm hoping to keep it that way until I return. Mateo and Nathan broke the news I would be going away for a few days, he wasn't happy but didn't push for me to stay either. Nathan and Nikki are coming along with me while Mateo and Libby over see the pack and any paperwork that may need attention prior to my return. Lucas hasn't even indicated he will help with that he's just busy training and doing as he pleases really. It's starting to worry me that maybe he isn't fit to be a dad just yet especially with everything else going on. 

No one bar me the hospital and Nikki knew about the pregnancy and it's currently easy to hide as I'm not showing properly, Mark did some research about desert wolf pregnancies and they only last around 5/6 months on average so I havn't really got all that much time to prepare. Nathan so looking forward to the road trip but still unaware of why or what is happening, he's just happy to get away as soon as I asked, he headed straight to pack. 

***"You all ready Amelia we are just waiting on you?" "okay, okay, give me a second, just finishing off."*** As I pack my scan photos and everything else to leave now trace of me being pregnant. My heart melts everytime I look at the photos, even since finding out I'm now begining to get some flutters here and there which is strange how could I have not known before. Just wish Lucas could share this with me letting out a sigh. ***"Amelia are you done?"*** Nathan shouting at me from the living room. ***"No need to shout I'm sorted"*** Lucas enters the room everyone fell silent. No one really getting on with Lucas at this point so people tread on eggshells. ***"How long are you going for?"*** his eyes piercing me. ***"A few days" "well Nathan look after her or I'll have your head" "you will do no such thing, I'm quite capable of taking care of myself thank you"*** I snapped ***"if you think so but you will be coming back to this room when you return no more of your tantrums" "that's rich coming from you, no one can stand being around you the way your behaving, I will return when you realise how much of a dickhead your being" "Amelia watch your tone with me or your not going anywhere" "I'll go wherever I please, come on let's go guys I can't be dealing with this now"*** Lucas just turns and head for the bedroom I can feel his anger soaring through me, I just ignore it and leave. 

That's probably the most I've spoken to Lucas in nearly two weeks. Nathan concentrating on the road ***"Amelia you seriously can hold your own can't you, never thought you would stand up to him like that" "sorry but I can't be pushed around, I do everything for this pack, I have given him time and space, I supported him when he needed me most, I tried everything to avoid conflict and guess what it didn't work, yet I still get the blame for it, I'm not taking it anymore" "I'm with you on that he's turning into his father at the moment, I just hope he snaps out of it soon for everyone's sake." "I second that"*** Nikki replied. ***"We are only about an hour away now guys so does anyone want a bite to eat I know a cafe just up the road" "yes yes yes."*** Nikki screeched, ***"Amelia has to eat to"*** she answered for me. ***"Food for Nikki and my Luna coming up" "is there a toilet I'm busting for a whizz more than anything"*** they both just laughed ***"sorry just didn't expect that to come from you" "well is there?" "yes Amelia there's a toilet"*** thank goddness I don't think I could hold, it in the entire trip. 

***"You go ahead for your whizz I'll order food for us."*** Nikki giggled and looks down at my tummy not to make it obvious or anything you know. I return to the table where Nathan and Nikki waited patiently for food. ***"What did you order?" "you have cheesy fries and a quarter pounder burger" "thank you sounds delicious"*** while we wait and chat amongst ourselves, I find my thoughts trailing off again what am I going to do if Lucas can't accept our pup? I wish I could take back time and stop everything from happening, things wouldn't be as they are now. I miss Lucas, I miss my home I'm growing weaker by the day. Food arrives bringing me back to civilisation, ***"Amelia everything okay?" "sorry just lost in thought" "don't let things get to you, it will all work out" "I hope so"*** we continued to eat food and head for the road. 

***"Amelia, It's been a while how are you? your glowing" "I know maybe a little too long, thank you for your help once again" "your most welcome, I notice Lucas isn't with you, is everything okay?" "honestly I don't know but at the moment I need to focus on me" "quite right with everything going on plus your pregnancy" "wait hold up did he just say pregnancy, Amelia are you pregnant and not told me?"*** I bow my head hoping it wouldn't come out this way. ***"yes Nathan but no one is aware of this other than the Doctors, Nikki, Jordan and now you I intend on keeping it that way until I am ready to discuss with Lucas, I don't want him adding to my stress levels" "my lips are sealed, but this is amazing news Amelia when did you find out?" "actually only found out out 2 days ago so it's still pretty fresh, and I'm already 8/9 weeks and will deliever anywhere between 5/6 months so I don't have much time to prepare for this". "Amelia you will make an amazing Mom don't even think about doubting yourself"*** wrapping his arms around me, to try and comfort me, but it just doesn't get easier with another man hugging me. ***"With that whole ordeal out the way, the main reason you are here is to control your abilities, and develop them, it will take training and practice to keep on top of them and you will feel your power grow as you do more and more. Let's head out back and see if we can figure out whats sending you a little irratic other than pregnancy itself"***

***"Well now your shakra's are allined, I think we should meditate for short while, regain some energy and learn to focus and relax."*** Everyone seemed to enjoy our time together even Nathan joined in, Jordan explain it was good for all of us, it would help us to remain connected and reach our full potential. ***"Where did you learn all this?"*** Nikki quizzed ***"I've been around longer than you know you pick things up along the way, werewolves are especially interesting to me, they are fierce yet tame, loyal but not if mistreated and to find such a creature true to their species it's difficult to find, there's always some sort of war with differnt kinds even humans to show which is superior but werewolves, stick to their packs, they don't seek power or domination, they are quite happy in their lives without it." "I agree on that one although you do get the odd ones," "amoungst your own kind yes but you rarely see a werewolf seek to destroy another species. Amelia's race is more or less extinct due a powerful Coven of witches and warlocks, there are very little left of the race, she's important to begin a new race to keep the balance, the sun and moon goddesses are said to not be enemies nor do they seek friendship but they both need eachother to keep the earth balanced, with her prophecy many feared the end of the race and when her parents came to me believing she was indeed the prophecy, I swore to protect her and give her a normal life as they begged and gave up their abilities for her in despiration, she wouldn't have the life she has now" "wow, I never knew about the details, but why didn't anyone tell me these fine details?" "it wasn't the right time for you, you may have seeked revenge you were angry and bitter, you have come a long way Amelia." "she has hasn't she, she's perfect, shame Lucas couldn't see that right now"*** thoughts of Lucas entering my mind, how much I missed him and how I just wanted everything to be forgotten but I know the moment I see him my memory will start flashing through due to these damn abilities. ***"30 minute meditate then we call it a day, there's an apartment across the road set up for you"*** Jordan places on some calming music, reminding me of being at the seaside, waves crashing into the rocks, seaweed and drift wood being washed ashore, I find myself entering my own world of imagination, the wind blowing through my hair, Lucas laughing and giggling as we play around, Lucas is my best friend, my husband, my mate and my Alpha I need him to come back to me.
###chapter 75 Fury
Over the last few days it's been an eyeopener, I've learned to switch off abilities, recharge, stability and methods of training each and everyone one of them. I couldn't ask for a better guardian, ***"Jordan thank you, you've helped us all on this trip, I don't think I could thank you enough if I tried, We owe you one"*** Nathan showed his appreciation towards him ***"not a problem, you all need to take care of yourselves, you know I'm a call away if you need advice and what not" "thank you I appreciate it very much," "please stop by once you've had the baby I'd love to see the little hybrid when they arrive" "I most certainly will, we will make the trip out soon, Thank you Jordan take care of yourself."***

On the way home the thought of Lucas making extremely nervous, I wasn't sure if I was nauseous because I was going back to Lucas or whether it was my pregnancy hormones. I did manage to keep to only vomiting once. ***"Amelia do I still need to keep the pregnancy quiet?" "Please Nathan I wouldn't ask if I didn't think I needed the time, I understand this is difficult for you , he's your Alpha and your brother, when I do tell him I will ensure he doesn't know anyone else knew about it before him it would only anger him more" "no worries just please don't hide it for too long" "I'm going to struggle to hide it either way, this little baby bump has gone pop over the last few days" "your telling me, you look adorable"*** Nikki added excitedly. We all continued to chat the rest of the way back. As we approach closer to the pack house I put my hoodie on to cover any sign of me being pregnant. The closer we got I noticed Lucas waiting at the front door, best get myself prepared then. 

***"Have a nice trip everyone?" "Actually yes we learnt so much, even learnt to keep our bodies and wolves in balance who would have thought we could be out of sync with our wolves"*** Nikki replied. ***"I see, Mateo wants you to go over a few things Amelia" "What was wrong with you checking them?" "it's your job" "like it's your job to support me and care for me like you promised or did you forget that" "Amelia just get to that work will you, I haven't got time for your games." "I'm not the one playing games, your the one acting like a self centered prick" "just go to Mateo, I'll get your things and put them away" "I am capable of doing it myself thanks"*** I retrieve my bag from the trunk and head into the packhouse. 

Finally finished unpacking, I get some bits to take down to Nikki with me as I'll be continueing to stay there until he straightens himself out. I make myself a cuppa and relax before heading down. ***"Amelia is it a good time?"*** Mateo popping his head through the door, ***"yes of course come in," "I wasn't sure on these" "let's have a look"*** I scan through the paperwork, some negotiations but some seem irrational so looks like that will be a phone call to clear it up. A meeting request from the mountain gate, that should be fine, I'll email back to that, a nice ceremony, put it in the diary and finally paperwork from the council to fill out. All seemed not too bad in all fairness I was expecting more. ***"Thanks matt, I'll hande these tomorrow I have to make some phone calls with them I don't agree with them entirely" "I thought it would be best to leave them to you, how are you holding up anyway?" "I'm okay I guess, just not understanding his beahviour I did nothing wrong, plus I'm not taking the way he's treating me lightly that's for sure." "I know we are all getting the blame for something, just know Libby and I are here if you need to speak to us." "thanks matt" "no worries Luna."*** 

I sat in Nikki's finishing up a few things Mateo asked, ***"Nikki that smells amazing, what is it?" "belly pork stir fry, want some?" "yes please"*** I chomp away at the stir fry my gosh it tastes as it smells, the peppers really did work well with the pork it was absolutely devine. I cleared the plates and dishes all down and finally sat to the sofa. Nathan had decided he was going to join us too so we put a film on. 

We got interrupted half way through the film by Lucas storming in ***"I thought I told you, you were coming home tonight" "and I thought I made it clear I'm not coming home until you sort yourself out and realise how your making everyone feel" "Amelia you will do as you are told now come back home" "no I am not coming home, for all the reasons all this has happened to avoid all this, you go ahead and turn into your father and his attitude, this pack would be an absolute sham if I didnt sort everything for this pack, you don't do anything for them, just like your father, you might aswell have done all this for no reason because nothing has changed other than it's you as Alpha not him."*** The fury soaring through my body, I didnt even think before the words started pouring out. Everyone looked between me and Lucas. Lucas just stared at me no words coming out, I could feel his anger also slight heartbreak with it, did he really not see what he had turned into, was he in denial or did he just honestly blame me for everything. In a split second Lucas gripped my arm and began to drag me towards the door unable to keep my feet stable, I tumble to the ground. Horror came over me while I heard a loud growl coming from behind me, Nathan was approaching forward lifted me up and indicated to go back to Nikki. ***"Wise up, Lucas look what you have done to your mate is that anyway to treat the woman you supposedly love and care for the one you were so smitten about once. Get out before this turns ugly, sort your head out bro" "what do you care how I treat her, it's my mate not yours"*** Lucas snapped back. ***"Because she is my Luna and she cares more for this pack and her friends than what you do and she's only known them a short while unlike you" "I am taking my mate now step out of my way" "you will not lay another finger on her" "I will do as I please" "You will not lay another finger on her I'm not telling you again" "why? why do you care so much" "YOU WILL NOT LAY A FINGER ON HER BECAUSE SHE IS PREGNANT WITH YOUR PUP GOD DAMN IT!!"

###chapter 76  Getting around my head
I stood there expressionless, Amelia curled up sobbing her poor heart out, I feel my heart breaking watching her like that, what have I done who did I become? Does everyone know bar me? I try to edge myself closer to attempt to comfort her. Instead Nathan stops me again and fear pouring through me from Amelia, she's actually scared of me, I've screwed everything up. She can't even look at me, I did this, but it's her own fault, she's the reason everything is so messed up. ***"We will discuss this tomorrow!"*** I snapped once again. I turn on my heel and leave with anger soaring through me .

I sat on the bed fisting my hair, I'm gonna be a dad this is the best thing that could ever happen so why do I feel so angry? It's almost as if I already hate my own pup. Surely this isn't a normal reaction, apparently your supposed to fall in love all over again, even looking at Amelia I feel sick, almost a mix of hatred and love, it hurts so bad not to have her near but I don't know if I can move on after everything she caused all this. Does no body see that? I'm so messed up I could use Ma right now she's not listening to me, or I was just imagining her before either way I still needed her and her guidance. I fall asleep in my thoughts.

I'm awoken by the light shininng through the curtains, still a little angry after last night I turn over to find still no Amelia, my bed is empty, I feel empty. I pull myself out of bed and grab myself some breakfast. I sigh hard looking at the pile of dishes I haven't done in days and head down to training field to work off some of the stress and tension looming over me. Evan helps out with my training session. ***"Come on Lucas focus" "I'm trying" "your not focused at all today you've been off for a while but today it's all going wrong, what's bothering you?" "nothing let's just keep going" "no I'm not training you when your not in the right frame of mind" "well I'll train alone then" "you know what you do that, but your attitude, behaviour and leadership is going to hell, you've lost alot of respect from most your pack recently, you need to take a long hard think of who you want to be, the Lucas we all knew, loved and respected or your father the one who everyone feared and hated" "Why is everyone telling me this? I'm the same Lucas as before" "No your not, the Lucas before didn't talk down to people, took the pack seriously, treated his mate with respect ad treated her like she was the only thing that mattered, now I look at you I see your father angry, bitter, disresepectful and no regard for anyone but himself I believe that's the reason you wanted to take your rightful place to rid everything of the aminosity but turns out everyone was wrong it hasn't changed a bit. I'm done with this come back to me when you've discovered yourself again."*** I growl loudly in frustration questioning everything about myself, am I really becoming my father? **yes you are, why do you think I'm not helping you?, I can't even stand being a part of you at the moment, you hurt mate, your failing your pack, you are an absolute disgrace to your bloodline.** Everything falls silent, I have no words to even begin to express how angry I am. No one understands what I'm going through not even Damon. I've lost my mother, I took my own fathers life for this poxy title which I'm apparently shit at. I'm being told I'm turning into my father, my pack hates me, my wolf hates me and to top it off my mate wont even come home to me and people dont understand why I'm like I am right now. Anger starts to fire up through my veins, the rage soaring through, I decide to push myself on the training apparatus. 

Slowly feeling more myself, I feel waves of calmness and tranquility rushing through me, although it doesn't feel like mine, it must be Amelia's she hasn't felt this relaxed in a while and there's only one thing I know that's going to have this affect on her and that's the gym. I decide to head over to watch her a little while, I miss her, my heart aches for her but she caused everything I dont know if I can forgive her for all this. She looks amazing when she does floor routines, but this one is different, it's as if she's expressing herself through her routine, I can see the pain in her face, the ache in her body. She looks broken, broken beyind repair, it tugs on my heart strings, I see tears falling down her cheek, it doesn't stop her though, she continues through her pain and dispair, slowly seeing her routine change, from desperate and broken to determined and complete it's almost like she's telling a full story. My heart breaks a little as I start to shed tears, Am I really the cause of all her pain? I'm so torn and now there has to be a pup in the mix. I didn't even ask any details I know nothing, how could she hide all this from me?. This is just adding to her betrayal. I notice Nova walking up to her she must have agreed to training sessions earlier than she planned, I grit my teeth she better not harm our pup.

I let the water trail down my body, thoughts going through my head everyones comments fluttering around making me feel uneasy, it's only me that can rationalise my behaviour maybe I have been out of order, maybe it had been my fault all along maybe if I had taken my chosen mate we wouldn't be in this position maybe I wouldn't have had all these problems. I break down in tears in the steamy room, so steamy I can barely see anymore, perhaps I had been in the shower too long. I turn the water off and exit the shower. I reach for the soft cotton towel and wrap it around my waist. I begin to feel a little unsteady so I head to take a seat on the bed. I feel myself returning to normal, must have been the hot shower making me uneasy, I dry myself off and get myself into comfortable clothing. 

I've spent hours doing absolutly nothing now and it's not just boring but extremely lonely, perhaps one of the boys will come over. **Anyone fancy a drink in mine? I'll be over shortly just gotta finish off a few bits for the pack while Amelia is busy as soon as she's back I'll be over. Sorry not tonight. No worries catch you inabit mat, see you in training Nath** I havn't really spoken to Nathan since our little tiff, I apologised and understood why he did it, but I'm not happy he kept it from me for one and two, he should never disobey me. I'm the alpha around here.

Mateo turned up, ***"hey bro, how are you?" "alright I guess doing my best to help out around here so getting tired more these days, what about you? how are you holding up?" "pretty shitty I guess just got so much going through my head, I don't know where to turn anymore" "your aŵn ass at the moment Lucas theres no denying that" "I just dont know why people are saying this do you not understand what I've been through?" "yes Lucas we all know what you've been through you lost your Ma yes that hurt us all, Amelia got kidnapped but that's all fine now, you still have Jackson on your tail, You killed your father for the right reasons may I add. We all thought the nonsense would have calmed down with your father gone but instead, Amelia is trying her best with running the pack and because she's trying to do everything alone I stepped up. She is my Luna and friend too while I don't even know what she is to you anymore, you treat her like trash, she deserves better after all she's done is try to help you and you throw everything in her face then last night was the icing on the cake. You really hurt and scared her. Everyone is walking on eggshells around you because your snapping for no reason" "how can you not see if I didn't mate her I wouldn't be in this mess, If i had taken the mate Da wanted me too I wouldn't have had to do it" "you still don't see it do you, you were so determined to make sure Amelia would bend over backwards for you, and she was the best thing that happened to you, she brought your smile back, your confidence and your life, now you wan²t to throw it all away". "It's not like that it's more complicated atleast in my head it is" " your the one that's complicating it no one else" "I don't know bro last night was pretty unforgettable for her so I don't know how she's reacting" "she hid the fact she's pregnant" "you also assaulted her while she is carrying your pup, Lucas your going down hill fast, I'm still here for you bro but seriously you need to sort yourself out, take a long hard look at yourself and your actions recently and then tell me you feel the same way after" "that's just it I'm trying my best to see where everyone is coming from but, she is the centre of this, she caused all this misery and pain" "no Lucas your causing yourself to be like that not her" "please just go think about things and ask your mother what she would be telling you"
###chapter 77 What have I done?
***"Ahhh Amelia you came, how nice to see you, How is my pup doing seen as I now have the pleasure of knowing after everyone else." "Pup is doing well I'll be having another scan soon if you would like to join?" "that would be great thank you" "So have you decided to come home yet or are we still having a tantrum?" "I'm still having a tantrum as you call it, when actually it's called being strong and true to myself." "You should be with me you know that I am the only person capable of protecting you and the pup" "no Lucas you wouldn't be protecting me and the pup, you'd be putting me in a worse place than I am now, I'm in a better frame of mind without you at the moment, your treating me like a piece of shit on your shoe, I'm not standing for it"*** she snapped. ***"When your ready to give me my Lucas back maybe but I don't want a monster, this carrys on until then, I will find a way on my own marked or not"*** she added ***"Amelia can you not see how all this comes down to you, the threats and so forth come from you, I have to kill my father because he wouldn't give me his title because I didn't take his chosen mate seriously, I've lost my Ma, my friends don't want to know me and that's all because of you" "okay but it's also thanks to me this pack is still running, the reason you have your title, the reason you are stronger, faster and the reason for your abilities, I do everything in my power to take the strain off you, I tried to sort things out in a civilised manor but your father didn't understand that, you chose to challenge him I told you no more blood shed, you carried on anyway, I will give you a show of the memories played back if you want to see for youself." "No I remember clearly" "of course you do, you used to be an optamist, so caring always now I don't who or what you are other than a narcissistic asshole"*** I sat there while poured her heart out, tears and sobs coming from her. ***"Amelia please don't cry you know I can't watch you cry." "you caused this not me, I would have quite happily supported you but you don't even deserve that, you have caused me to become weak, you have made me feel worthless, just like everyone else has, seem nice at first then drop me like shit when I'm no longer needed, broken the promises you made in our vows did you forget those too, or was it all just an act and meaningless, perhaps I'm no Luna after all."*** Hearing Amelia sob and say those words broke me every ounce of my body was craving her but as it stands the only thing between us the pup it's almost like she hates me. ***"Amelia please, this is why everyone leaves you because you cause this drama everywhere you go."*** I blurted out without even thinking, but it was true, my Luna brings so much luggage it's hard to keep up with what's next, I wonder if she wasn't here would things have played out differently. ***"Amelia I think you should leave now. And stop your crying will you"*** 

Finishing up dinner I find myself struggling to stay awake, perhaps I'll just go to bed, I'll figure out the dishes tomorrow or get one of the omega's to come clean whichever I'm not doing them now. I lay on the bed trying to figure out why I'm so tired, I know I've consumed alot of information over the last few days, I have a pup on the way, I'm apparently hated by most of my pack and I'm alone. I find myself drifting away except it didnt feel like I was going to sleep. I've come to the same place as I found Ma last time. I begin shouting. ***"Stop shouting I can hear you loud and clear and have done for days but this is my last visit to you so pay attention." "Ma I'm so lost" "that is no excuse, I'm extremely disappointed in you. Firstly you are becoming everything you said you wouldn't I told you to kill your father and get on with your life instead you turn into the pig headed monster himself. Secondly how dare you treat your pack this way, you need them to have faith in you not hate you and too scared to come near you the only thing they have is Amelia and right now she is being Alpha and Luna for this pack, she is exhausted and run down you just keep pushing her. Do you remember the girl you met?, the broken, challenged girl, unwanted, unloved, had no one bar two people who treated her as their own, well right now she only has Nikki really as the boys will remain loyal to you no matter what. Thirdly what on earth possessed you to lay a finger on that girl, all she wants to do is love you, support you and become one with you, which you go ahead and just abandon her like a puppy on the side of the road. Have you got anything to say for yourself?" "Ma I thought you were coming to support me not lecture me" "you want to see what she has to deal with, I'll show you myself"*** I see a memory Amelia's memory, I can feel everything Ma is showing me her past, how she was treated and how she felt then how Roman would treat her as the only person that mattered then being thrown away, it continues on to finding Rich and Nina how they made her feel a little better as she gained some of herself back, here came me, I lit up her world and how things just fell into place for her, it continued with finding out about herself, the troubles she has faced since meeting me, it completely broke her with Roman but she still held her head up. Coming to now and how I've made her relive her history, I feel my heart sinking, torn apart my whole world around me vanishing into thin air, finding out about the pup she had an attack out of fear of me and how she would manage alone. How I treated her the night I gripped her, she's scared of me, I've made the girl terrified of me, she's starting to love her bump but doesn't see me in the picture. She's longing for me, she needs me but I've literally caused her to relive her past, when all she ever did was try to make everything easier and allow us to have the best life we could, support me and love me. ***"You see you have caused so much pain and sadness, you will need to beg for her forgivness, so you damn well should. You've become a monster, you are your father, you need to change that if you ever want a happy life. She's fragile but strong in so many other ways, she's learnt to be independant. You need to show her just how much she means to you that is if you still feep that way." "but Ma why do I keep blaming her when you've shown me it's not her it's me." "You need to let go and forget the past and what has happened and look to your future with Amelia and the pack." "The ball is in your court now Lucas but time is ticking, you don't have forever, I'm sure you'll do the right thing please look after everyone I love you" 

I find myself pouring with sweat, shaking and frustrated. As I lay there going through everything on repeat, taking in all the emotions, the cruelty, the loneliness and abandonment I had caused, I even tried to convince others of her disrespect. Oh Goddess what have I done?
###chapter 78 Looking for forgiveness 
After my mothers visit, I can see things clearer, I had no idea how bad things had got with everyone. I kept questioning myself how on earth do I apologise for this? It isn't going to happen over night I know that much. If I start with the boys maybe it's a good place to start. I miss Amelia but I can't just waltz in acting like nothing happened, I'll have to come up with something I can't leave it like this, maybe the boys can help out with Amelia and some ideas how to get her back. glad your finally realising your in the wrong, this is gonna take alot more than just a quick apology. I know I need to sort it out 

First things first breakfast and head down to training, I start cooking myself up an omelette, it's about time I started turning things around, I feel more energised today plus I have a mission on my hands I don't know how I'm going to pull all this off but it's about time I tried. As I sat eating breakfast I was trying to come up with some plans to show her just how sorry I am but nothing seems to be good enough. I'll have a word with the boys down in training and we will go from there. 

***"Good training sesh guys," "yeh I guess so." "Look I just want to apologise for the way I've been recently it's taken alot for me to see the hell I've put everyone through I just hope you guys can find a way to forgive me for my foolish behaviour, I realise now that none of this is any bodies fault it's just a part of my journey, I want to turn things around and be the best Alpha I can be." "Finally you see that, you have put everyone through some crap, your pack is begining to hate you, you need to prove to everyone your not your father not just us, the whole pack deserves an apology."*** Mateo annswered. ***"The main person you should be going to is Amelia, you've broken her heart, she is suffering you know. It's her you need to make amends with" "I realise that but I don't know how, I can't think of the words to tell her, I can't figure out anything to even begin to explain to her how sorry I am." "Have you thought about how much stress she's under maybe, give her some time out and organise a date night for the two of you" "but whatever you do don't be giving her demands of what she should and shouldn't be doing if she's not ready to move back don't force her you need to build it up again, you really hurt her, everything needs to be on her terms and her time not yours"*** Nathan insisted. ***"Okay I'll get thinking, if I need some help will you come help please, I don't know how I'm going to do this." "no worries just give us a shout".***

I hit the shower following training feeling far more refreshed than I have done for a while. Positive energy surrounding me I head down to Nikki's room to see if Amelia is around there. ***"Hey is Amelia around?"*** I questioned ***"no and she doesn't need any added stress right now, she's gone to meet with some of the new pack members, from mating" "oh I see, I didn't know we had new members" "you wouldn't because you haven't got the time of day for anyone, everyone turns to Amelia for everything, she gets abit crazy sometimes but she manages. Why anyway? come to have another go at her for something she hasn't done?" "no actually I came to give my apologies for my behaviour and my attitude recently, in which I owe you one too, I also need to thank you for supporting and being there for her while I had my head up my ass to say the least." "thank you and your welcome but it's not that simple I won't be able to forget it that easy, I also hope you have something better for your wife, because she deserves far more with everything she has been through enough and you brought her past back to haunt her she even contemplated leaving the pack all together but she couldn't leave everyone else down" "I do plan on proving to her I am sorry and that I have been a terrible mate and I want to make it up to her so everything will follow on her terms, but I do want to start taking her out and dating like we used to and prove she is my one and only once again" " you better had or you've lost the one thing people around here struggle to find and thats true love not just from a mating bond but through your strength and attraction for eachother" "I'm gonna give it my all Nikki, so unsure how this is going to go though" "time and patience is all you need" "Thanks Nikki."***

I wonder around the packhouse trying to locate Amelia, much to my  avail I can't find her, I asked one of the Omega's ***"Where's Amelia?" "last I checked she was down doing some laundry we are abit short staffed today Alpha"*** placing her head down in shame ***"She shouldn't be doing laundry in her condition" "what condition Alpha she seemed fine this morning" "she's pregnant with my pup she shouldn't be doing laundry and all the lifting and walking that requires"*** I scolded. ***"Sorry Alpha no one knew she offered and took it upon herself to help out" "she's stubborn thats why" "I'll get someone to cover her it's fine Alpha" "it's okay I'll address the matter myself, it's not your fault".***

I find Amelia sat down on the floor with piles of washing around her, she clutched on to her tummy ***"Amelia are you okay? are you hurt? I'm taking you to Mark immediatly" "no you won't be taking me anywhere, it's called growing pains Lucas, now go ahead and do whatever I'm busy" "No I'm not going anywhere, I've come to help you with the washing. Amelia I want to make it up to you I'm sorry for everything I have put you through, you were right I had no right to treat people the way I did and worst of all you, even then your tried to help me I've had my head up god knows where, I apologise and don't expect you to forgive me right away, but I would like the opportunity to make it up to you". "damn right you have Lucas, and no I won't be forgiving you easily, you have hurt this pack and me with your actions this place could have fallen apart." "I am aware Amelia that is why I'm going to start by helping you with this laundry"*** I see Amelia smirk a little at the sound of me doing laundry, granted I have no idea what to do or where to even start so alot of guidance will be needed here but I'll do anything to show this woman what she means to me. Those golden eyes still sparkle like they did before except she has puffy eyes probably from the crying and sleepless nights that I caused guilt running through my veins making me angry at myself. That's all about to change I need to turn that frown upside down and get my Amelia back. As she directed me what to do with the laundry and sorted out who's went where, it was almost finished even if we had been at it a few hours, we laughed and joked around like we normally would. ***"Thank you for your help Lucas, I have to go get showered and changed for dinner tonight, see you later at dinner?" "yes I'll be joining tonight see you later"*** I pecked her head and let her go and get herself organised. I felt the warmth and comfort radiating from her, I felt exactly same, it was like heaven, I have felt or been close to her for so long it sent waves of sensations through my body, igniting that fire again, thank goddess she's willing to give me a chance even though I don't deserve it. 

**I hear things are going okay with Amelia she's acting like a teenage girl here. Yes I guess it is but I'm taking my time I don't want to push her too quickly. Good you need to gain her trust and forgiveness with no expectations.**

As I get myself ready to head down for my first dinner with the pack for I don't even know how long. I'll put on some slouch jeans, converse and a polo should be good, perhaps I'll be able to convince Amelia to head out with me tomorrow but she did say something about another scan soon so I'm not too sure when that is. Maybe she might want one of them gender reveal things, who knows just gotta go with the flow. I sigh at my own thoughts, if I wasn't such a idiot I wouldn't be doing this right now. 

###chapter 79 I'm trying
Sat at dinner with everyone was a little awkward to start with but the conversations did get flowing shortly after, just goes to show how long we haven't all sat together for. Amelia seemed quiet and reserved, I could feel something was bugging her just couldnt pin point what. ***"Amelia you seem a little lost tonight"*** Nathan pressed ***"It's nothing just think I'm tired and need some sleep I've been quite the busy one today but luckily Lucas did come and help out."*** everyone looked over puzzled. ***"yes Amelia and I did the laundry together she shouldn't have been doing it in the first place but she insisted so I helped to take the strain off, but Amelia you were clenching your tummy earlier are you in pain, because you have barely touched your food? Do we need to see Mark?"*** everyone laughed at the thought of me doing the laundry but turned concerned when I mentioned Amelia's pup. ***"I think it's just growing pains seen as my bump is developing quite quickly at the moment." "Amelia you shouldn't be complainig of pain I'm sure wolves barely notice" "don't forget I'm not your kind of wolf now am I so it would be slightly different for me" "Amelia you only work out at around 3 months pregnant or just under surely you shouldn't be having pain yet." "let's not discuss this here can we have a word outside."*** I follow her she's clearly not impressed.

***"Look Lucas I appreciate you care, I do but listen up I've only known a short period my life has turned upside down, I don't carry to the time frame your kind do, I deliver anywhere between 5 and 6 months which only gives me 3 months maximum to prepare for these changes so yes my body has to work at it abit quicker, meaning I would be in more pain please just give it a break, if I had worries I would have spoken to Mark already but I don't"*** she's clearly stressing she found out later than she would have and now she doesn't have long to prepare for our pup to arrive, even I'm starting to worry on how quickly her pregnancy is going to be over and have a pup in my arms. ***"okay I'm just trying to look out for you and the pup, I don't think I could handle losing you both" "I appreciate it but please it's alot to wrap my head around and especially with the way things are at the moment"*** perhaps there has been too much going on, plus she found out about everything alone, I wasn't there for her when she needed me. She heads back in to finish off her dinner which is now cold. I don't think I can stomach food, things are getting to me a little more than I thought. ***"Guys I'm gonna head up don't feel like eating much else, I'll catch everyone tomorrow" 

**Mark is it normal for Amelia to be experiencing abdominal pains? Of course her pregnancy will be tough as her body does everything in a short space of time, why? she's in pain and just says it's growing pains I just wanted to check, it worried me a little. So now your worrying about her, you have a lot to make up for dear boy. I know don't remind me.** 

Being sat watching some crappy tv show with a beer, I try to plan out how I'm going to get Amelia to come out for dinner tomorrow and perhaps a walk along the shore if it's not too cold, I begin second guessing myself she deserves more than that but Amelia never been a materialist she perfers time and company over anything else. 

**Amelia, I hope I'm not disturbing you, I know it's late, would you join me tomorrow in going out for dinner? As in a date night?  yes exactly that. Sure I guess but it would have to be after I do the pack work and making sure everything is in place but after that is fine. Thanks you let me know a time and we'll go. No worries good night. Good night beautiful. I actually went to bed content for a change and felt myself drifting off peacefully.**

The following day seemed to drag out but I did help with some staff shortages that were highlighted on the rota, hopefully Amelia would be done early. It also comes to my attention that we have no space in the pack house for a nursery for our little one when they arrive I managed to get in touch with construction crew and they will be renovating and refurbishing my parents home to become our home. I made some changes to the colour schemes and even planned out the nursery with them, I kept it neutral as we still don't know what we will be having but hopefully we should find out next week I'm sure that's what Amelia mentioned.

**I should be done working at four, by the time I shower and dress and let's call it half 5 and we leave for dinner. That will be great idea I'll leave you get on I few a few things to do and shower myself.** Mateo enters into my room, ***"so how's things with Amelia? you left abruptly last night"*** I pause, I didn't think it was that abrupt but I haven't really noticed much of what I've done lately. ***"Good I think we're going for food tonight and I may take her for a walk after, I was just pestering her last night, I didn't realise how much this pregnancy would take toll on her could you do me a favour and ask Nathan for me, if I let you know if we go for a walk down the shore could you both stay hidden and take some snaps please I want to get some canvas prints done for her" "yeh just let us know." "cheers bro"*** Mateo leaves after a quick chat and i continue to get some things done in the meantime time only to realise I'm gonna have to start sorting myself out it's 4.30 already and Amelia is probably getting herself ready as we speak.

***"Amelia you look as beautiful as ever"*** Amelia dressed in a casual baby blue dress, which excentuated her growing pup bump, I have never found her more attractive than I do now. ***"Don't look so bad yourself Lucas" "are you ready? we're not going too far and table is already reserved" "yes thank you, let's go"*** I offer my arm for her to hold, as we walk out I reach out for the BM keys their not there, strange, I'll just take the Merc then, ***"if your looking to the BM keys they won't be there, it's gone in for some work, needed a few bits doing" "oh I didn't realise", "it's fine I sorted it"*** I just take the Merc keys and head to the car, I open the door for my lady and head around for the drivers door. 

We drove in silence for a while neither of us knowing what to say, slightly awkward if you ask me. ***"So how's all the pack stuff coming along?" "fine I think I'm up to date if I'm honest" "I'll do the work tomorrow you take a day off, you deserve it" "there's no need to Lucas I've got it" "you've also been doing it alone for a while now, it's about time I started to give you a break" "thank you, so what's changed you?" "I don't know, just lots of thoughts and memories I guess, Ma comes back and forth in my head sometimes, I question if I'm hallucinating but it tends to give me a kick that I need" "I see" "Amelia I don't know how I could even put into words how sorry I am, I've been all over the place and took it out on everyone else, most of all you and you didn't deserve it" "let's hope you can remain the Lucas we love and cherrish".***

As we arrive at the restraunt she looks in awe, this place is amazing, soft lighting, relaxing atmosphere and a perfect view of ocean, ***"beautiful here isn't it" "your telling me" "come, let's find our table and chill."*** I find a waitress at the bar she looks through the bookings and agrees to to show us to our table takes our drinks order and hands us some menus. I scan through the menu, looks quite extensive for a small restraunt but sometimes choice is a good thing. ***"Amelia is there anything that takes your liking?" "I'm looking at either the hoison duck or spagetti and meatballs, how about you?" "they both sound nice, I'm not too sure I'm not used to having so much to choose from on that though a mixed grill sounds amazing, I haven't eaten properly for I don't even know how long" "I wasn't either until I found out about this little miracle" "I'm glad your eating now, keep you and our pup strong and healthy" "it's the sickness that's getting me most, I have to eat more because I know eventually it's going to come out and I wouldn't be getting my full amount in" "isn't there something you can take to stop it?" "Mark and I have tried a few things they don't work though according to Jordan my body will triple the rate it would normally metabolise so nothing really worth while" "we will have to keep feeding you," "often as I can tolerate but I try".*** The waiter shows up and takes our order but continues to stare at us, I shoo him away he soon gets the hint. 

***"Amelia I just want to say thank you for accepting to come with me tonight, I am extremly sorry for everything I have put you through, I know I need to regain your trust and show you how wrong I was and I realise that now, I don't exactly know what came over me, everyone was telling me but I just couldn't see it." "I forgive you but right now I'm having a hard time, trying to work my head around the pregnancy and you, I love you Lucas" "I appreciate that Amelia, I love you too beautiful".*** Food was served and we continued to chat and eat, we actually had a nice time. ***"Amelia would you like a walk along the shore to finish the evening?" "I'd love to thank you Lucas"*** with that I paid the bill and got our coats to leave. 

**Boys it's a green light we are heading for our walk.**

###chapter 80 Home
We walked along the beach, chatting and came to a stop admiring the view the moon and stars are bright tonight making it that little bit more romantic, ***"Amelia do you mind if I hold your bump?" "sure our pup moving quite abit at the moment so you may feel something"*** I get to my knees and feel her cute little bump, ***"your loved more than you will ever know, I hear your giving your moma a hard time please take it a little easier on her she does alot and deserves a break I put enough on her which I need to correct without you giving her a hard time too my monkey. I hope you turn out like her strong and stern but caring and full of love the same time,  I know now your going to be the best Alpha of this pack, I love you little wolf"*** I plant a kiss on her bump and come back to my feet. I notice a tears welling up in Amelias eyes. ***"That was sweet Lucas, I'm sure you'll make a good daddy" "I'll try my best for our little family,"*** we continue to chat and sit in the sand for a little while but it's starting to get a little chilly I offer Amelia my coat ***"Are you ready to head back?" "I think so I need some sleep now" "no worries my love we shall go back."***

I drive us back to the packhouse, pretty much in silence, I think Amelia is deep in thought as she hasn't really moved a muscle either. I park the car up and head around her side to open the door and help her exit. As we walk toward the pack house I see that Amelia seems to be struggling with something, ***"Amelia what's wrong? did I do something?" "No but I do need to ask you something, Would it be okay to come home tonight?"***

With Amelia being back home I've never felt so content although I have had to take on more work than normal, Amelia is really starting to feel this pregnancy getting the best of her so she does what she can but then takes the rest of her time to rest herself. We have also made different arrangements for meeting up with Nina and Rich they now come to us for dinner instead and plus it's been so manic we don't get the chance to leave more often than not. It makes Amelia happy to keep them involved with everything. 

Tomorrow will probably be busier than normal so I set to get more work done today so I can enjoy my day with Amelia and the pack for this gender reveal party that the others wanted us to throw. Mark made most the arrangements considering he's the only person who knows what we we're having along with his contacts that's about all Amelia and I knew. Everytime I look at the pictures from the scan they just make my heart throb, My little pup growing inside the love of my life almost brings tears to my eyes. I must be getting soft, since my birthday I seem to be thinking more maturely, although it could have something to do with the pup on the way too, who knows. Didn't really do anything for my birthday either just went for food with everyone, I didn't want a massive thing after everything. 

**Amelia is everything okay with you? I'm starting to feel a little uneasy. Yes Lucas just nervous about tomorrow I didn't think I would be but everyone will be looking at our pup as the next Alpha of this pack and their future already determined. Our pup willl be whatever they want to be if they don't want to be Alpha they won't have to be, I promise you that. I wouldn't force anything either but they will have the pressure from everyone else in the pack. I know but we will support whatever they will be beautiful. We need to get some work done or we won't be having any party tomorrow, I have a few phone calls and proposals to make I'm sure some of these packs take us for mugs. I'm with you on that, Love you beautiful.** 

Amelia is good with working with the other packs, always challenging their proposals and making a better deal for both packs, she gives this pack more of a voice and allows a better connections with everyone. We are probably one of the richest packs, we aren't one of the biggest anymore but we are by far the more organised and communicative even the council have alot more respect for us since Amelia handling all the pack affairs. I think the council have made proposals as to when we retire as Alpha and Luna we become one of them, we both just shrug it off for now, no time soon will we retire so we plenty of time to make plans. 

I head out to check on the training as we plan to take into account there are smaller wolves within the pack and with Amelia being substancially smaller but has amazing tactics and agility, she has suggested we can make them apart of the warriors, they will undertake both gymnastics classes and physical and strength training. Amelia held a pack gathering where she explained there is a place for everyone in the pack and they will get the support and guidance they require to be whatever they want to be, also first time in history woman are apart of the pack warriors, I'm struggling to adjust to that as I hate the thought of a woman taking a hit from another male it's just wrong but I do think Amelia has the right state of mind to make everyone equal. That girl is something special she could change the whole dynamic of packs and how they proceive what it should be. I'm so proud of the woman she has become, our pup is so lucky to have such an amazing mom, me on the other hand still have some growing to do. 

With evening now dawning on us, Amelia was still busy at work, so I decide to make us dinner tonight, I chose hunters chicken, some corn on a cob and some skin on fries. I get preparing the fries, plenty of olive oil, chicken fresh from the butcher, couldn't ask for better produce. I place everything in the oven to cook while I potter around trying to make some sort of romanic gesture, I place wild orchid scented candles around the room and rose petals along the floor leading to the bedroom and place them in a lovely heart shape. I'll put desert on there later for her and choose a chick flick to watch in bed and put it on pause ready. I think she will like my effort and hopefully we will have a well deserved relaxed evening together. 

As I finished I hear Amelia entering through the door, her scent hits me right away, along with the smell of food cooking. ***"Good evening Amelia, hope your hungry I made food" "this is alot more than food, what is all this in aid of?" "don't you like it?" "I love it, just not sure why?" "just thought it would be a nice romantic gesture and we could have a relaxed evening just me and you" "Thank you Lucas I appreicate it very much" "no worries beautiful now you go and rest your legs while I dish up and set the table"*** Amelia went to curl up as best she could on the sofa, She is very pregnant now she shouldn't have much longer left, few weeks tops but Mark is happy with her progress that's the main thing and he has given us an all clear for a home delievery which Amelia is ecstatic about. As I finish up dishing up Amelia comes to take a seat at the table. ***"Smells and looks amazing thank you Lucas" "anything for my beautiful wife."*** 

We chat and giggle through dinner, her giggle is so infectious, ***"Amelia I will never get sick of that goofy giggle of yours" "thanks just wanted to hear I have a goofy giggle"*** I clean up after dinner and sort out desert, chocolate porfitaroles, squirty cream and some strawberries on the side, I place them on the tray I laid out on the bed ready for when Amelia let her food settle, it's taking a little longer now so I have to be patient. We reached 8pm Amelia now getting tired, ***"I need a wee Lucas I just can't move" "don't worry I'll help, perhaps we can watch a film in bed after that?"*** I offer as I carry her toward the bed room. Amelia's eyes lit up as she saw my continued effort to our night. ***"Lucas you really did go all out, thank you" "that I did, I wanted to show my queen just how special she is, but first let's get you to that wee"*** Amelia agreed without hesitation. 
###chapter 81 Revelations
I let Amelia do her thing while I finished, sorting the bed out for her to sit comfortably. Amelia climbs into bed, she moves her pillows around after me shuffling everything around but I suppose she needs them where she needs them. I press play on the film and bring the tray between us and bring a strawberry with some cream on to her mouth, she accepingly opens her mouth to recieve my given pleasure, I hear her groaning, that sounds like music to my ears sending a yearning through my blood awakening my member with it. We continued to feed eachother with the delecacies I had arranged for us before I knew it one thing was leading to another, except I have to be a little more gentle than normal now that she's coming to the end of her pregnancy. I slowly let me tongue penetrate her mouth allowing our saliva to mix, making her pant ever so slightly at the pleasure, while I'm caressing every inch of her gorgeous body, I don't think I've ever found her so sexy. Her body just reacting to every touch and ever breath, I stimulate her nipples and suck on them making her groan and twitch, I love that her senses are so heightening only adding to my pleasure. I let my lips trail their way down to her waiting flower making her jerk as I reach her clit. I continue to roll my tongue over her sparking more moans and groans from her making her body react increasingly more intentense, I slide my fingers into her entrance, slowly pentrating her walls, reaching around for her little g spot every time I hit it I get a loud moan in appreciation, I feel Amelia's body contracting around my fingers tightly knowing she's close to her climax, I pick up my pace and flick her bean with my tongue vigourously and I feel her warm juices coating my fingers as I slide them out I allow my mouth to taste her sweet nectar making me groan and pant as my member starts becoming inpatient. I bring myself up to her entrance, ***"you ready beautiful?" "yes please Lucas" "tell me if I'm too rough or it's too much"*** I slowly push myself into her sweet entrance, and allow Amelia to adjust herself to a comfortable postiton only to my pleasure I groan louder, ***"ohhh Amelia you feel devine"*** I allow my hips to thrust in a steady pace, not too hard either to ensure Amelia's comfort and my god it feels better while she's pregnant, her walls and lips swollen. Making me reach closer into my own climax, I want to wait for Amelia to come closer to her own so I ease off slightly letting her build up as am I, as I feel her body now screaming at me to give her more I begin to pick up and give it harder, making her moan and pant harder and faster and I feel myself falling over the edge, I feel Amelia already in her climax, I give a few more power thrusts finally meeting my own release spilling into her now exhausted but clammy body, as I lay to her side. ***"thanks Lucas, didn't realise I needed that." "me either but it paid off"*** my body still burning and member still going strong, I'm extremely satified and clearly so is Amelia as she instantly starting to fall asleep, I just nestle into her arm and allow myself to drift away into the clouds too. 

The following morning, we managed to get a long lie in, no one had disturbed us, I awoke with the sun blaring through the windows, Amelia stayed sound asleep so I got up and cleared up our mess from last night and got cooking on brunch seen as it was gone breakfast time and coming up to lunch, I thought bacon and cheese turnovers and a sausage and egg baguette. Amelia must have smelt the food cooking and woddled into the kitchen area, ***"breakfast smells good" "yes Amelia but, it is now brunch we slept late so I thought I'd make us something to eat." "Why what time is it?" "coming up to half 12 beautiful so your well rested and don't worry I have been informed the party isn't until 4 so we have plenty of time to lounge around until we get ready" "thank goddess for that I don't think I could hack rushing" "there would be no rushing anyway you are the Luna and they will wait on you."*** Amelia took her seat at the table to await her food. ***"You know what Lucas, I think this place is going to perfect when we work out everything for our pup but we need to start thinking about buying certain things" "We can after this afternoon we will have more of an idea on colours and so on"*** I completely forgot we haven't bought anything for here as I already kitted everything out in my parents home which is almost ready, so I was going to surprise her on the weekend after they complete the final touches. ***"Perhaps we can go on the weekend?" "sounds good to me"*** we continued to talk while we eat about baby names and what not Amelia is convinced it's a boy, so came up with some boy names but one that stood out for us was Nico, Nico Silverstone, sounds perfect, I'm just happy with a healthy pup. 

As Amelia straightens herself out after more sex she seems to be enjoying it more recently, it's got to be the hormones playing up. I run Amelia a bath after my shower and place her in and leave her to soak and clear herself up, ready for our gender reveal party. Once Amelia returned from her bath she continued to look through the wardrobe on what to wear, she decided on a grey neutral dress, flowy, didn't hug her bump but didn't hide either, it was perfect, I opted for casual jeans and a grey/silver shirt to match with Amelia. Amelia continued to curl her hair and put some light make up to make sort of effort even if she was starting to feel a little tired, I tried to tell her she should have taken a short nap this afternoons sex but she knew better, hopefully she will get the chance to escape early and catch a nap. 

We headed down to the field where they set up a marquee, all the decroations blue and pink, they looked so beautiful and everything tied together nicely, then I spotted a 4 tier cake perfectly iced and gorgeously decorated with a baby on top I still had no clue what we were having, I thought maybe they would have swayed more toward one colour than the other as a slight hint but no everything was evenly distributed. ***"Hey looking forward to finding out?"*** mateo nudged, ***"as long as my pup is healthy I'm not worried."*** I assured. ***"Bet you want a boy though carry the Alpha genes an all" "na my pup can be whatever they want to be if they don't want to be alpha they won't." "come on now is that Amelia talking?" "no actually I came up with it, I don't want them to have that pressure to be the perfect alpha or even take the title if they don't want to" "your going soft, too soft if you ask me"*** I watched Amelia from the corner of my eye mingling well, but I can see being on her feet is straining her a little now. 

**Amelia please take a seat, you don't need to over do yourself. everytime I go to sit someone else comes along it's becoming a chore, it may do some good to stand anyway. Well make sure you rest your legs too and don't tire yourself out too much.**

After a period of greeting everyone, and everyone writing in their guesses, Mark makes announcement that it's time to reveal, there are 6 people standing there with confetti cannons and two black balloons I'm guessing theres one each for us to pop he hands us both a wooden skewer to pop them. Mark explains to us that when he gets to one we can pop the balloons which will reveal the gender of our pup. Nerves setting in for the both of us now, Mark starts his count down ***"3......2......1...."*** *Bang* the confetti cannons went off the same time as we popped the balloon pink and white confetti floating throught the air we suddenly came to realisations of we are a having a girl, tears of joy running down Amelia's face while I wrap my arms around her. ***"She will be the perfect princess anyone could ever ask for"***
###chapter 82 Perfection
***"She will be the perfect princess anyone could ever ask for"*** I whispered in Amelia's ear while the crowd that had gathered were cheering. 

Over the next hour everyone came to congratulate us one by one, some even asked about a baby shower but Amelia wasn't so sure about a baby shower just yet, she has a lot on her plate being Luna and pregnant she probably doesn't get enough rest as it is so adding to that could put unneeded strain on her and pup so we would have to see how things plan out. Finally Mark approached us, ***"happy with the outcome my wonderful couple,"*** he asked ***"over the moon thank you so much for everything you have done for us and our pup" "your more than welcome, next stage is to actually deliever this pup, I can see your growing well, and doesn't look like too much longer away now" "I hope not I'm aching now and tired beyond resting." "don't worry too much Amelia you will be perfectly fine plus if needed you have Lucas to do the running around."*** he continued. 

With the party in full swing people drinking, giggling and munching away, Amelia and I actually eased up and started to enjoy too. From last night to right now everything is perfect it's probably been the most relaxed I've been, not sure I'm going to be so relaxed as my little princess starts to grow up and get interested in boys but I'm more than happy right in the moment, I thank the goddess and my Mother for everything they have done and always having their protection and gifting me this miracle. 

In a split second I'm brought away from my thoughts I hear howling and growling from a distance, my heart starts racing how could we be so stupid, we have been so wrapped up in everything else we still have an existing threat out there. **Lucas breach to North West of the Border, send back up** I link some of the pack to get the the north border, wolf formation. As I shifted I noticed Amelia looking over worrying, I didn't even have time to explain I was gone I have to protect my mate and my pup. As I approach the border I see they have eliminated some of our warriors but no sign of anyone else. **ITS A FUCKING DECOY RETREAT TO THE PACKHOUSE.**  As we headed back quicker I see wolves everywhere, Amelia no where to be seen. ***Where are you? heading up to our room I have to keep pup safe. Lockdown bedroom I will override from the office just stay safe Amelia, I love you.*** I notice Jackson in human form standing in the middle of everyone. I shift back and approach ***"I see your gorgeous mate isn't here such a shame" "what do you want from Amelia?" "I know what she is and I know what she is capable of, I've been watching for weeks now, you havn't been a very good mate have you, but her growing pup, it's probably perfect"*** The wolves started retreating to the trees, I couldn't work out why, I could see Jackson 's temper rising, ***"For Fuck Sakes, I'll be back and you better be ready I'll have your head for this."*** I stood there confused as I didn't know what was going on or why they were retreating. 

I notice a famililar but not a wolf scent, it's Jordan he's here, ***"I guess I got here in good time?" "could say that, thank you" "your welcome, I came for the reveal party actually" "it's a girl to keep you up to speed we're over the moon" "I bet you are congratulations now Where's Amelia?" "sorry I'll take you to her now she's locked in a panic room aka my bedroom which goes into a fully reinforced room to ensure safety for her and those that may need it." "good thinking I must say" "just glad she remembered"***, as I unlocked everything and giving Amelia a chance to breathe. Her and Jordan get chatting away I manage escape to meet Mateo, I feel so guilty how did I end up letting this happen? 

*Amelia* 

***"Hope you can visit soon or once we've had the pup well come to you"*** I give jordan a hug and thank him for coming. Jordan had spent 3 weeks with us now to try and hold off any attacks prior to my delivery but has to head back now seen as the one who has the shop in Jordans absence while he is away is struggling. We have experienced a few mild attacks since the whole Jackson charade but nothing the guards couldn't handle. Everyone also decided I should have a baby shower before Jordan retreats back so that happened yesterday, leaving us with a combination anklet to give to our princess it's also adjustable so should carry he through until she's 1ish, he put more energy into my ring he gave me when we first met. Honestly I don't know where we would be at times without him. Lucas now has an energy ring too seen as he's accumilated some of my abilities. Them two actually get on really well, Lucas respects him alot and values his advice alot. As Jordan was leaving Lucas was whispering in his ear about something as much as I hated not being in the loop about things I knew sometimes it was for my own good not to know.

Lucas has become extremely protective now especially with me being so close, I think Mark has estimated around 2-4 weeks and I should be delivering which is starting to get quite nerve racking but I'll be glad when it's all over with. Lucas has been an amazing support, trying to get me to rest up calling Mark if he thinks there's something he's worried about, my appetite has slowed right down now. I'm eating little and often now because our princess is now taking up so much room, also weeing my gosh no one ever mentioned I would be up every hour weeing can't even get a full nights sleep anymore, I sigh to myself I'm sure it will all be worth it in the end. Getting more and more fed up by the day but Lucas was trying to get me out going for walks and letting Tara and Damon having time together, I would have thought it would be uncomfortable to shift but actually it didn't feel any different and Tara continued to be her normal self, that not suprising because it was only my human form that was carrying our pup. Damon obviously ecstatic it's a girl but I'm starting to worry he's going to be very over powering and protective alot of the time even if he tried to reassure me different, Lucas kind of gives me the same vibe at times, although with our current drama we kind of have to be vigilant but once that's all over and done with we will all be set kind of free again. 

***"Hey baby, what's the plans for the rest of the day then seen as we have nothing to do?" "actually I have a surprise for you" "you do?"*** what on earth has he been doing now? I'm sure he wants to continuously be giving me something. ***"come on, we only have to walk like 5 minutes tops"*** All this walking is pushing my little princess further and further down she be falling out they carry on making me walk everywhere. We come to a stop at his parents house, ***"This is your surprise Amelia" "your parents house?" "it's not my parents house anymore it's our family home"*** he's gotta be kidding me right, that place is just a work of art and sentimental value. ***"Amelia, I know this may come as a shock but I've transformed it into our family home, I couldn't keep things the same there would be too many memories but I do have amazing memories here too and I want us to continue to make our own here"*** he's serious, I have no idea what to say but look in complete shock, ***"I was not expecting this in all honesty, I know but it's about time I looked at our future and this is our best option"***

Lucas hands me the keys to our new home, I'm still in complete shock, I unlock the door and see he's transformed the entrance and grand staircase, white marble flooring heated I'm guessing, silver and gold intertwined together to bring out the finishing touches, some lovely stone sculptures of wolves male and female, actually looking pretty similar to us, I turn left into the guest bathroom to find he used neutral colours greys and faded blues, lovely floating sinks all stocked up with pearl white hand towels. Cabinets made of beech wood, stocked with toilet roll, sanitary towels and so forth to ensure all guests would be tended to, also in the far corner a baby changing station for me during the day and any other mothers that may visit all stocked up with nappies wipes, creams and what not. ***"Lucas how did you manage to get all this done?" "it's been worked on for weeks, I was waiting on it being ready for us to show you" "So far I love it".*** I head to the living room where I find it's sage and cream colour schemed, everything looked so light and airy I think they must have used a pine wood or something for the decor here either way it was a perfect match. Heading toward the kitchen diner, gone is the old black and dark colours to it booming with pure white cupboards and shelving, all the kitchen accessories in a matching chrome affect, granite worktops, island and breakfast bar. It's perfect, solid wood table and 6 chairs everything perfect matching. As I continue throughout the house everything was perfect, floral blush and grey in the master bedroom with an ensuite. Final room he showed me just got me in complete awe, Our princess's nursery, all greys and whites fit for our little princess everything already there waiting, including a pram, carseat the whole lot the only thing I needed to get her was clothes. ***"Lucas this is perfect, the whole house is perfect, it's so light and airy, while your parents were here all I can remember was lot of it being quite dark, well put together but dark". "agreed and thats not you, I needed light and airy. The celler also has supplies and what not if we ever need to lockdown to ensure you will always have supplies no matter the situation." "when do we move here?" "Whenever your ready beautiful you say the word and our clothing will be brought here, also I have a cleaner to ensure this place is spotless everyday to make sure you have time for everything else and our pup" "would it be too much trouble if we moved tonight?" "not at all beautiful I was kind of hoping you would say today so we can take a break from the zoo we call a packhouse"*** we both giggled at that. ***"Lucas I can't thank you enough for the last couple of weeks, it's been testing and stressful, a stress free, relaxing evening sounds like the perfect plan."***
###chapter 83 Taking things into my own hands
Over the last week of us living in our new home everything became pretty normal quickly, I've had to stop giving my classes in the gym now it's becoming incredibly hard to endure with all the pressure now. I spend alot more time at home doing the pack paperwork and so on, to keep me busy but also because I can't really do much else, the girls visit every now and again when they know it's safe to do so .ie. when I'm not too busy working or sleeping to keep myself rested for what's about to come. Lucas has also organised that someone be in the house with me all the times although they don't have to have eyes on me they are constantly there not to my surprise really. We finally managed to finish off the baby clothes shopping and to say the least theres alot of clothes along with gifts we had from everyone, I'm ever so greatful for, with so many options out there for feeding I've decided I want to try breast feeding as it's the most natural way and apparently gives them a better support to their immune system Lucas is just happy to go with the flow and doesn't mind helping when he needs to. 

**Lucas we have a problem. Whats up? Are you and pup okay? Do you need to see mark? Stop panicking I'm fine, I've just recieved a a fax from Birchgrove they have received rogues turning up at the borders and had two attacks in the last week. Do you think?  yes Lucas I think jackson is trying to worm his way into the pack to make a larger army. What you thinking we should do? I think we should send over some warriors and keep all in close contact for now to ensure both packs safety. Okay I'll get on it and inform Evan to organise a number of warriors to join and possibly a highly trained warrior to give them so extra training. Thank you Lucas. 

All this nonsense is just making me more agitated and my blood pressure probably unstable. I should really try and relax more but someone has to organise all this. Perhaps I can find a mobile therapist to come give me a mani pedi to try and relax me a little before this little monkey makes an appearance. Suddenly I hear my front door opening sending me on edge after all this news, ***"Hey Amelia you look like you seen a ghost"*** Nikki insinuated ***"sorry guys just had some news from Birchgrove they've had rogues and attacks in the last week seems suspicious so I'm kind of on edge and Lucas more so than me"*** I sighed. ***"I really think you need to stop with the pack work and just relax for the rest of your pregnancy it's not doing you any good getting stressed all the time" "I agree, maybe we can organise going to a spa or something to calm you" "if you think anyone is going to allow me from pack grounds you must be kidding, but I have been thinking of trying to find a mobile therapist to come give us all a mani pedi and just relax for abit, as for pack work, if I don't do it I'll only stress even more not knowing what's going on" "fair point your a stress head"*** Libby giggled. ***"I second that" "can't say I disagree either, but I like the organisation, anyway do either of you have any news?" "only that I've passed my first assessment, looks like theres only another 2 then I'm a nurse isn't that amazing?" " that is amazing, congrats girl, told you, you could do it if you set your mind to it"*** Libby looked like she was beaming too ***"I finally got Mark to accept me at a surgical intern, it's taken so long, I never gave up and finally it's paid off, Mat is so proud too." "I bet you both are, everyone is starting to find their feet in the pack especially with me making more equalities woman are finally begining to feel like they can be themselves." "true that" "I'll leave you get some rest, little princess don't keep us waiting forever, I'll ring around and see if we can get someone to come out and treat us, let us know if you need anything" "thanks girls I'll catch you inabit"*** 

After the girls left I managed to get a nap in, I'm so exhausted. Realising it's getting on I better get on and do some dinner for us tonight, just a simple cottage pie will do for tonight. As I'm mid preparing everything and set the oven on I get a link through from the warriors things arent looking good I guess. 

**Amelia there's been another attack on the pack tonight, we managed to hold them off but we did lose some warriors but they are coming in with a stronger force, I think you need to consider keeping someone around at all times now. There usually is someone here but sometimes I just need a break, I'll speak with Lucas and see what we can come up with, has anyone sent a tracker out to see where they are based? No I'll get on it. I think a surprise attack on them could help our position we also need some survalliance on them first. No worries Luna we will get on it. Keep me updated Jake, thank you.** 

Things need to turn in our favour, maybe I can get in touch with another neighbouring pack or the Mayback pack for some assistance. Lucas enters the kitchen wrapping his arms around my waist resting his hands on my bump ***"How are my two beautiful girls?" "We are okay, have you heard the latest?" "latest?" "I take it they haven't linked you knowing your reaction, there's been another attack at Birchgrove" "Why didn't anyone inform me?" "I've only just found out myself, Jake linked me" "So what's the report?" "We lost a few warriors along with them, they ended up retreating, but they are coming in with stronger forces now, I've ordered Jake to get some trackers on the case to find their hideout, and get a survalliance team to give me some info so we can decide how we want to proceed" "surprise attack, I guess it could work, is everyone masking?" "they know to mask either way"*** Lucas has a face like thunder, I decide to proceed with dinner and leave him cool off, he's probably gonna get the boys over later to come up with a plan. 

Half way through dinner, Lucas just storms off, no idea what's got to him but I can't run around like this either way, it hurts to woddle around too much I giggle to myself. I decide I need to take mine and our pups protection into my own hands. 
**Trent are you able to do protection work for me and our princess until all this crap is over, I don't want to put my pups life at risk. Of course Amelia anything to keep you safe, when would you like me to start. In the morning will be fine I'll give you a briefing too. No worries I'll see you in the morning. Thanks Trent btw we are at Lucas's parents now.** 

Now that that's organised time to chill for the evening I think I'll make my tea and head up to bed, I can't wait up for Lucas or I'll be absolutely useless tomorrow, I'm bad enough now I don't need to be falling asleep mid sorting out everything else, plus Lucas needs his space he's worrying about me and our pup now more than ever it's coming so close to the end of the pregnancy that I could go into labour anytime really. 

I tuck myself up into bed and grab a book from my nightstand to read while I wind down. I've been on the same book for weeks now, just can't seem to keep track of it inbetween everything I can't concentrate and I'm so tired I usually fall asleep reading, I don't really help myself. As I start flicking through pages after finishing off my tea, I find myself falling asleep so I put the book back on the nightstand and let myself drift into my dreams. 

***"Good Morning Amelia it's good to see you, you look like your just about ready"*** Trent greeted me, happily. ***"I am ready and fed up now, everything is swollen and achy, I can't wait for it to be over with." "either way you look as amazing as ever, how's Lucas by the way haven't seen him in a while" "he's still in bed I have no idea when he got home last night, he went off after dinner. I found out the Birchgrove pack are having spontaneous attacks or rogues showing up wanting to join, by the strengths increasing by each attack" "So Lucas is in protection mode and avoiding contact I take it." "something like that"*** I sigh. ***"you know he's doing it to keep you all safe" "I know but I hate it when he gets like this it's as if I don't exist." "it will all work Amelia"*** As he brings me into his embrace.

As the day passes along very slowly, Lucas had breakfast watched a little TV then headed out to training, he's abit better today but I can feel his stress and tension rising. I send over some healing which seems to help a little but he just goes out and leaves me with Trent. I just hope he doesn't do anything stupid. I make some phone calls one of our other neighbouring packs are keeping a look out as to any suspicious activity also Mayback are sending some warriors as they can't come themselves, due to commitments which is fair we didn't exactly give enough of time for them to prepare. Just glad they can send some reinforcements. As the dinner approaches I start to head to the paackhouse for dinner. I notice Trent trying to mind his business. Lucas gets back and indicated he's going to get ready and released Trent from his duties for the night. 
***"see you in the morning," yep see you in the morning, good night.*** 
###chapter 84 I must Protect
My stress levels are at peak at the moment, I'm so worried about everyone getting hurt, I have to distance myself. I can't put anyone in danger all because of that idiot, and all of a sudden he's shown more and more interest in Amelia, It's me he wanted there's no need for everyone else to get hurt. Amelia, my pup, our life could come crashing at any given time something needs to be done but this timing, this fucking timing for him to pipe up his game, it's almost as if he knows exactly what's going on. Amelia please hold on a little longer let's get this over with first, I don't want my pup coming into this world with all this drama, please Ma I'm begging you give her strength, support and comfort she needs it now more than ever, something I can't fully offer, as much as it's hurting and making me weaker all I want to do is fall into her engulfing her calming scent, feeling the fire burn between us, fuck Lucas you can't, I fist my hair in frustration, I have to hold back for everyone. **Lucas you can't keep yourself away, you'll become weaker, you need to be at your peak right now, something is brewing I just can't tell what I keep feeling uneasy about things, please be focused on the whole picture here. I'm trying to avoid her getting hurt and the added stress, I'm not having our pup come into this Damon.** He lets out a whimper. **I miss mate Lucas and Tara will give me the strength I need too. I'm not even sure she can shift in her state Damon.** I'll let him go sulk while I try and get some work done. 

**Luc... you coming to training? Yeh be right down, just trying to sort my head out. Trent is here with Amelia too, although I didn't call him to take detail did you? No, Libby mentioned that Amelia was taking it into her own hands considering she's so close now, no risks just relax and wait for her time. Atleast she's putting herself first for a change. It's not for her it's for your pup Lucas. Either way it's about time she relaxed.** 

I head down to training, I begin to get a thudding feeling in my head, Damon must be trying to punish me for not being with Amelia. I shrug it off. ***"about time you showed up. How's Amelia and the pup doing?"*** Nathan persued ***"they're okay, she's just trying to relax and rest up, while I try and keep her at a distance and safe it's me that Jackson wants not her, she doesn't deserve all this drama. Anymore updates on Birchgrove or the surveillence team?" "not at the moment, no one has managed to get in contact with the surveillance team, I think they are either presumed dead, captured or turned but Three peaks and Minitor have put on the network that they have pack members missing" "I'll get in contact although they are good 2 hours in opposite directions." "I think we should pull out the maps and see if there's a central point in where all connects to maybe we can get a better idea of thier hideout"*** Mateo suggested ***"Good idea meet me in the office after training I'll bring Trent along if you send Nikki and Libby to Amelia to keep her company" "sounds good, hopefully we can nip all this in the bud before Amelia has our pup"*** I let out a deep sigh with thoughts I might not be able to make my pups birth if all this is going on. Mateo pats me on the back. ***"chin up, we'll sort this mess"*** I nod in appreciation, hopefully I can get all this over with quickly, I'll take a small team with me if we can locate the hideout and get this over with, I fist my hair out of stress, realising I need to take a shower my hair feels awful it probably looks just as bad. 

I get back to the room to find no one in here, I immediatly link, **Where are you? Is everything okay? Lucas I'm fine I left a note on the fridge Trent has given me Craig seen as he was needed with you, only popped shopping quickly to get a few bits the girls are with me too. Sorry Amelia I panicked don't be long, make sure you stay safe. We will, princess is very active today so I had no chance of resting up anyway. Okay, don't over do it, I love you both. We love you too.** I let the relief wash over me, everything is making me so nervous I don't think I could cope if something happened now. 

I head straight for a shower, I'm a mess, at the moment and need to tidy myself up, I shouldn't be letting myself go but there's so much to do and think about, with Amelia on leave I'm doing everything, now I know how she felt when I was off on one doing nothing, except I could of helped but Amelia can't be dealing with this, I can't send her into an early labour with all this stress. I tidy myself up and head to the packhouse and meet everyone in the office. 

***"So boys what we looking at? sorry I'm late, I thought I'd make sure I made a little more effort I started to let myself go a little." "I brought out the maps and that's as far as we got" "I take it we are all aware of the situtions" "I've brought them to speed" "Anyone know how we could possibly plot?" "I know what I'm doing just give me 10 minutes or so"*** Trent insisted. ***"So in the mean time we can ring around packs and see what's been going on" "got it I'll ring three peaks"*** Mateo more than happy to help out. ***"Nathan do you want to ring Birchgrove and see what's going on there and I'll ring Minitor see if we can work out what's happening" "Sounds good to me"*** We all go ahead and ring around. 

In the mean time Trent has managed to plot out the map and showing up to possible locations. One an Abandoned industrial warehouse, the other an old cottage. Trent explained that it would most likely be the cottage, it would be obvious to use a warehouse, due to it's size and probably out in the open. I went on to explain that in total Minitor have 50 missing pack members over the last 3 months, which for a small pack it's a substanial amount, I offered them to join us in unison as their pack is facing destruction, to which they appreciated but declined. I respect that, it's their pack their home, I probably wouldn't accept either but the offer is there. ***"Sorry I took so long on the phone, Three peaks are missing 76 pack members in a month, it may not seem alot considering their pack size but Jackson is also taking from other packs, the size of that pack could be quite large by now to we may need to request for reinforcments."*** all of us in agreement, ***"The agency will support us, I can also reach out to sole workers if nessasary" "that would be amazing thank you Trent, I'll call the Mayback pack and see if they can spare anyone to help. We also have a wild card which no one will expect"*** All of them look at me puzzled as to what it is I'm suggesting, Mateo literally cocking his head aside. ***"Jordan we have Jordan for crying out loud, If he thinks that Amelia or my pups life is at stake he will be here in a heart beat" "you sure on that I mean you saw their response last time they backed off until Jordan left" "Not if they think Jordan isn't here, it's a trap they are running straight into." "Okay, so what's your plan?"*** Nathan asks nervously. ***"Spring a surprise attack on them but retreat before we can get too deep into the fight, it's just so we can see what we're up against then render back into routines and wait for them to come to us and believe me they will come, but we can't go back to routine until reinforcments arrive, we got it?" "You better hope this works smarty pants" "It will"*** I hope it does Amelia, my pup and the pack are at stake. Damon extremely unsettled prancing around. **We can't leave Amelia, Amelia needs us here. I know but what choice do we have?** There he goes again throbbing and thudding. ***"Go enjoy the rest of the day, plans begin tomorrow".*** They begin to exit and Mateo pops his head back in, ***"We have your back don't worry Lucas"
###chapter 85 Sharing the truth
I continue to sit around in the office not knowing what's going on anymore. There are complaints from the pack there is no classes for the gymnastics seen as Amelia is unable to carry out her duties there. The rest of the pack has no idea what's going on, I still don't have a chief of warriors, although I have been thinking perhaps Trent would consider this placement, that way his wife could become the other gymnastics coach, perhaps I'll have a word later. I go ahead and ring the Mayback pack. 

***"Hey bro, how's all the Alpha stuff going?" "It's all good here, actually really peaceful for a change how about you lot?" "actually I'm ringing to ask a favour." "things gotta be bad seen as Amelia only just had some warriors out me, go ahead" "well we have the Jackson situation, it's becoming abit more of a problem than we origanlly thought it would, he is now recruiting more and more people from other packs some how, either way, I'm still not sure on the size of the pack and won't until we go on a practice run to his hideout." "I'm guessing your looking for reinforements, We haven't long sent a load, yeh I think this is bigger than antipated"*** I utter nervously. ***"That's fine I'll come for a visit with some reinforcement we got your back." " Amelia doing okay?" "She's okay holding up I'm trying my best to keep her away from all this, she could go into labour at any given point." "oh gosh understandable then, give me a few days and I'll be with you, can you make sure there are around 30 beds ready and somewhere for me and Jessie" "Of course, Thanks bro I owe you, catch you soon".*** That's one thing settled, now to organise the pack. 

**Nikki can you come to the office please.** 

Short time later after me signing some paperwork *Knock Knock* ***"Alpha you called me?" "Hey sorry Nik wasn't sure if you were busy. Could you have a word with a few of the maids and help out we need to accomodate 30 guests and sort out my old room for Cole and Jessie please?" "yes no problem, why? what's going on?" "We have reinforcements arriving and Cole and Jessie from the Mayback pack coming over" "Does Amelia know about all this and why now?" "No and I want to keep it that way until I inform her later on, there have been a few developments that she will not need to know about, I want her as calm and relaxed as she can be for now" "Lucas it's no good hiding things from her, you know it doesn't end well." "I will be telling her but it will be me to keep her calm and worry free"*** Nikki just rolls her eyes at me, she doesn't believe a word I'm saying but she is right I do need to tell Amelia what is going on, perhaps tonight over dinner. ***"Nikki I will be telling her even if you don't believe me" "okay well I'll get going and get some of the things sorted for you" "Thank you Nikki" "your welcome Alpha"*** turning on her heel to leave slamming the door as she walks out. I let out a deep sigh knowing full well what all this is going to intale. I try to finish up some emails and try to get everything out the way so I can go back to Amelia. 

I get back and relieve Trent of his duties and inform him to meet me here in the morning to go through a few things, for now Amelia needs to know what's going on. Amelia laid on the sofa watching some mystery film, her golden eyes so exhausted yet full of love and sparkle. I sit on the floor next to her pushing her hair out of her face, she's so beautiful she looks so fragile yet deep inside so strong and determined, my soulmate, my better half. ***"Dinner is in the oven for you"*** she whispered ***"Thank you Amelia, have you eaten?" "yes I've eaten, I'm just tired now" "you look tired but I need to run a few things over with you" "okay, have your dinner first I'll wait " "okay beautiful, would you like a cuppa?" "yes please"*** I head to the kitchen and make us both a cuppa and heat my food. How on earth is she going to take all this in, she's so exhausted, **Lucas you have to tell her you can't hide it. I know I just hate to hype her up before bed she needs her sleep. If she finds out you've been hiding it, it will be worse. I know.** I continue to eat my dinner in all respect she still manages to cook up a mouth watering meal. 

I sit down along side Amelia with the rest of my cuppa, ***"what is it you needed to run by me?"*** here goes, ***"well there have been a few developments, our surveilance team haven't responded or returned, so we are just as blind as before" "okay so what are we doing about that?" "well we have presumed dead, captured or turned" "okay so where does that leave us?"*** I can feel the worry picking up plus it's written all over her beautiful face. ***"Well there is also news of 2 other packs missing a fair amount of members, Trent, the boys and me have found a possible location to where Jacksons hideout is situated." "Are you seriously thinking of going in to attack them?" "yes Amelia but not to fight as such more of and information mission really, the final taking will be here on our grounds. We also have the help of Trents agency and some sole workers he knows of plus Mayback are sending over more soldiers including Cole and Jessie."*** Amelia's stress levels sky rocketing, I bring her into me wrapping her up, ***"Amelia I want nothing more than all of this to be over, I need to protect you and our pup, I'm sorry if this is putting stress on you but I can't hide it either" "I know and I thank you for telling me, but what if I go into labour while your out fighting, you'll miss the birth" "it's a price I'm willing to pay for yours and our pup safety"*** she just nods ***"is this what's keeping your distance" "sorry just find it harder now, I'm trying not to comprimse your safety" "okay just get it over with"*** She continues to watch her film. 

Sat there watching the film together, I can feel anger brewing up inside me although it's not mine, it's Amelia's I should have expected her to be angry, I mean I don't want to miss the birth of my pup but if that means I keep them both safe and away from any harm then that I will, I am not risking their lives, I've done enough damage as it is. I feel the guilt washing over me. I keep hurting her and she just can't see I'm doing it all for her. **Yes but she needs you too not just the pack Tara isn't happy either, she's growing weak Lucas. I get it Damon no one is happy, I'm not happy but I'm dealing with the situation as I see fit. There is no way in hell I am compromising Amelia and my pup over some psycho I used to call my brother, the one who used to have my back no matter what, you don't think I'm not struggling with this either, I've got the love of my life next to me, I've lost both my parents one who I killed, She is all I have left. This isn't sitting easy with me, I've dealt with enough, I'm not sacrifing anymore.** I feel the thudding in my head again, except this time I start to feel uneasy and heavy. Its got to be Ma. 

***"Lucas what on earth are you planning now?"*** yep it's Ma it's her that's thudding me. ***"No wait no need to tell me I already know, how many times do I need to tell your stronger connected than apart." "I know but I can't put her in danger she's due anytime and all this isn't helping matters it's only going to cause more stress, I can't have her go into labour because of all this going on, I will feel even worse than I do now, please try and understand" "I appreciate it I do and I know you want to keep her safe, but please tell her everything, and share your feelings and listen to hers too, it only divides you when you avoid it" "okay I'm trying my best" "I know you are, you must wake up now." ***

***"Lucas!!"*** I hear screaming ***"sorry beautiful I was asleep" "it's okay I know your tired but I think I'm having contractions!!"***
###chapter 86 The Meeting
***"Amelia calm down I'm just going to give you two injections now which will subside the pain, this is indeed a false alarm but I fear it won't be long, you are starting to prepare so to speak, I want you on bed rest is that clear"*** Mark tried reassure us both which is kind of worrying me more now. I don't have long and my princess will be here. I have to set everything I'm motion for tomorrow. ***"Thanks Mark, have you got a timescale?" "Sorry I can't give you an answer to that it's as her body progresses". "thank you I best get back and rest" "if you do need me I'm always a call away anyway" "your a diamond"*** 

Amelia settled into bed with her tea and a series, I need to call Jordan to get here sooner this baby won't be long and we need this over by then.***"Hey bud, how's things?." "Good I guess we just need you to come earlier than expected, we had a false alarm tonight I'm not taking any risks, Amelia has been put on strict bedrest until this is over, so what's gone from an investigative attack to I need to finish this. Mayback will be arriving at 7am tomorrow morning?" "no worries I will be there before them. I can be with you in the next hour and half tops." "no worries there's a room ready either way." "Thanks see you shortly."***  Thats one sorted now to get everyone together in the morning to discuss our plan. Craig has taken full time security of Amelia seen as Trent is currently busy with me. I'm seriously stressed now. I don't think I could focus any harder even if I wanted to. 

**Boys I'm calling a meeting in the office in the morning, Jordan will arrive in the next hour or so and Mayback will be here by 7am so any training anyone wants to get in do it before 10.30. We need plans and we need them now so think of any decent suggestions please this is now battle to the end. I don't have time to mess around your Luna is now on bedrest until she goes into labour as we had a false alarm tonight. Get your shit together and be prepared.  You got it Alpha. We will be fully prepared by the meeting. Bud things getting serious now let's get this done. *howling**

As I sit and go over everything in my head replaying the last few months, punishing myself for everything I've done, all this could have been resolved sooner if I'd have taken my head out of my ass but guess what I'm the type of person who only thought of himself. I start to plead with myself that I should have done something before now and just got on with things instead I was angry and wallowing in self pity. **Enough of that go check on mate.** Damon always has to have his say, atleast he didn't say he was right again for a change. I head to the bedroom, Amelia still watching her series, some FBI thing, ***"Hey beautiful how are you feeling now?" "I'm okay, a little tired but in less pain and I actually don't feel that sick now, I guess Marks meds worked" "I'm sorry everything is going on right now, you must understand I'm doing this for our pup and our future" "I know, I'm just worried this is going to take over the whole birth of our princess" "believe me I'm trying for it not to, I want this over more than you know" "I know, I love you" "I love you too, would you like another tea and some snacks or are you okay?" "I'm okay Lucas thank you, I'm going to try get some sleep while I still can before this little one arrives" "Good idea, I'll be out here while I try get some things done before I come to bed"*** I lean down to Amelia and plant a kiss on her head and share my good night before heading back out. I need to think methodically and logically here if I go off on a whim it could end badly. Taking things into consideration to make sure all angles are covered, I start to make some notes on ideas and plans.

After a while of getting some plans together I hear a knock at the door. Who on earth would be knocking at this time? 

***"Jordan you came quickly" "well you did say we need to get things sorted, how is Amelia?"*** with a concerned look ***"she's doing good, resting up now while I get some plans together"*** Jordan could probably tell I feel beaten already as I scratch my head in frustration. ***"look things will be fine, I was thinking the sooner the better and daylight gives us an advantage there's no where to hide, when did you say Mayback where arriving?" "first thing in the morning but they will need rest and food before they are able to do anything"*** not understanding where he was going with this. ***"I have an idea but I will need to work things out a little before I can give you strategy, I will go make some notes and plans and get some rest, you should too we are in for a possible tough fight here, I may be your secret weapon in this but doesn't mean they won't either"*** unable to to bring words from my mouth knowing his words ring true, I just nod and allow him to get some rest and food. 

Tossing and turning in bed unable to get settled I decide to go back to the lounge and put on some TV and watch some of Amelia's crime programmes. I feel myself feeling uneasy and losing my consciousness.

**Hey dear, well your still thinking more about this battle than your darling mate. I should have guessed it would be you, I'm trying to make this all perfect for us but no matter what I do I can't please everyone. I know but you do need to be with your wife too. I am but once this is over we will be free of the worries and threats. Well you better get this done quickly or you will miss the most important thing in your life. The end is near my son please don't be a fool. I'm trying not to.** 

I find myself being awoken by the boys telling me that the meeting would be in the next 30 minutes, jeepers had I been out that long, I got up and rushed to Amelia who was awake in bed having some breakfast ***"Good morning beautiful, glad to see you abit more perky" "I guess you didn't get much sleep last night, Craig made breakfast yours is in the oven keeping warm for you" "Thanks Craig your a legend" "no worries Alpha, I have everything here covered you go to your meeting" "Thank you, I'll be back shortly Amelia I love you oh can you make sure you rest please" "not like I have much choice"*** I smirk and walk out. I scoff my breakfast down along with a black coffee knowing I'm going to need the energy today. I finish up and tidy myself up abit while walking through the door and head to the office where I see everyone impatiently waiting. 

***"Sorry to wake you bro but we need to get a move on as you said and Mayback want a kip after the meeting so everyone is well rested. I've also organised a feast for Mayback, Jordan and the warriors at 3, the girls weren't to happy but agreed"*** Mateo whispered. ***"Thanks bro" "We got your back you needed the rest that's why we held off"*** Nathan muttered on ***"It's okay I just want everything over with"*** sighing I go ahead and get started with the meeting. 
###chapter 87 Let's go
Seen as I don't have a chief Warrior appointed by me or other to me Trent took responsibility of keeping notes and track what was happening and what ideas everyone brought to the table. Jordan seemed to have a solid plan for everyone and potentially be the best idea. Mayback we're just happy to go with whatever and just nodded along, Mateo wants everyone masked most importantly Jordan which he has done since leaving home so he's okay. ***"So using a combination of plans I think we need to cover all angles of the area not to encounter any surprises, Daylight is a good idea but I do feel if we do it as sun begins to set I feel the our second battalion will have better cover when coming to join" "that could actually work we would have coverage of the treeline and shadows"*** Suddenly the door slams open and ***"sorry I've barged in but you have 2 Alphas visiting from neighbouring packs that want to help in any way they can" "could you offer them some refreshments from their travels and inform them I will be with them very shortly"*** the warrior just nodded and made his exit. ***"Guess that's extra help"*** one of Mayback warrior suggested. ***"I'm also keeping plans at arms length I don't know who's who anymore I can't be 100%" "Wise choice my friend"*** Jordan patted me on the back. ***"Trent did you manage to plan out everything?" "yes Alpha all sorted clear cut plan I will scan and have a copy for everyone so everyone knows what's what is there anything else?" "that's the meeting concluded enjoy the rest of your day I will see everyone at the feast at 3, Trent could you hang back please"*** Trent lingers over slightly nervous, ***"there's no need to be nervous, I just wanted to offer you and your wife a position in the pack, I would like you as my chief Warrior and your wife could run training and classes alongside Amelia when she's recovered and heading back to duties, she could also run her own things if she wanted to." "I personally would love to but I do need to consult with the boss and I'll let you know"*** he chuckled ***"understandable, hopefully you will be joining us, I best head down to these Alphas" "Maybe you have the opportunity for a third battalion" "That's not a bad idea considering we don't know anything thanks Trent"***

I meet the Alphas in the dining room where is already a cuppa waiting for me to join them. ***"Sorry for the delay I was caught up in a meeting, what is it I can do for you gentlemen?" "No need for the apology we understand, I George Ferguson from the Red River pack offer you our support and alliance in your troubled times" "I too Emmit Burton of the Cresent Moon pack offer support and alliance" "Thank you gentlemen can I ask how you came about hearing of our troubles?" "through the council and common allies, we have both have lost 600 pack members between us, it may seem like alot but we have a growing pack by the day so it hasn't had an immediate effect but we are concerned that it could be a brewing attack against the alliance we are adjoined in and a threat to the unison of the wolves as we know it." "Thank you for your information and it would be beneficial for us to have anyone stronger force, I will need to go over some things and our plans we already have which I hopefully  you appreciate will need to altered to accommodate, I will forward you with information shortly, meeting points, times and so forth could you ensure your warriors are well fed, and rested to ensure optimum health as we are here." "that we will and I'm glad we can help we will be on our way and will await your instructions" "Thank you pleasure to be working with you"*** We shook hands and as they head away from the pack I head back to Amelia to see how they are doing before I try and get some things together ready for tonight. **I'm ready to go whenever why all this waiting around? and Do you really think he will try to over throw the council if he's not stopped? I'm not sure Damon but anything is possible at this point it could ruin all allies and packs as we know it so we need to get this over with. Agreed but I hope mate can hold on for us. I'm sure she will.** 

I head in towards the bedroom where Amelia is resting and find that Trent is on his way out, ***"how is she?" "she's okay just fed up of being told what she can and can't do along with being uncomfortable so she's okay as can be expected I guess" "Aslong as she's resting that's the main thing, I want this over with before our princess makes her arrival." "Understandable, the stress could also trigger her off though" "I'm praying it doesn't" "fingers crossed I gotta head back to the boss now I'll meet you for food later on" "No worries catch you later on"***

***"It's nice to hear you laughing, I haven't heard that in a while"*** Amelia mumbled while playing with my now dirty blonde locks. ***"I know I can't wait for everything to go back to normal and lead a normal life" "what is normal Lucas? Aslong as we have eachother we don't need anything else" "I agree on that but I also don't want anymore drama just a peaceful life would be nice" "sounds nice, but too good to be true with everything we have been through" "this should end it all now hopefully after tonight will be the start of a new ###chapter and and pack life to return" "Our family, Yeh Jordan filled me in, please be careful and come home to me, we need you"*** Amelia rubs her tummy suggestively. ***"I'll be home beautiful, but I do have some alterations to make to the plans so I'm going to leave you take a nap you look exhausted" "Okay but don't leave without letting me know" "I love you with all that I am Amelia, If your asleep when I come back I'll see you when this chaos is over"*** I plant a kiss on her beautiful plump lips knowing it could be the last time, I notice Amelia's eyes begin to fill, as a tear drops I wipe it away, ***"no time for tears beautiful turn that frown upside down, I'll be back before you know it"*** I plant another kiss on her lips and exit before I'm unable to. My goddess I never thought it would be so hard, my emotions running high as I sit on the sofa and try to finish off the plans so Trent could make the alterations before handing out copies to everyone. 

I finally manage to finish off the plans with the help of Nathan and Mateo, Trent made all the changes and handed out copies to everyone while I faxed instructions over to Red River and Cresent Moon leaving out some details on the plan. With that all out of the way I head down to the dinner hall where everyone is already half way through their feast, finding people coming up to me and assuring me they would fight to the death. Not that I'm not grateful I don't want to look at it from that stand point, families possibly torn and mates losing their half it's heart breaking and these men and women are putting that on the line for me. I don't they will ever understand how much I appreciate their commitment. 

With Amelia still asleep, after our feast in the dinner hall, I write a note and leave it with Craig to hand to her when she wakes and plant a kiss on her head before I head down the locker room to get myself prepared to leave in the next 30 minutes. Nerves and adrenaline kicking in, Damon seems to be preparing himself too. Think we are all in the same boat here no one really wants to do this but it's our loyalty and alliance that brings everything together. All I can keep in my mind is Amelia and our princess, I'm doing this for them and them alone. 

I try to keep my head down and avoid distractions while the boys having a laugh and joke around, it's not a game for me or just an ordinary battle this is for the rest of my life. **We got this we will protect mate and we will make it for them, keep your head in the game. I know we always have eachother time to make history for the wolves.** 

Everyone standing on the field seeing all the commitment and support we have before us, only makes me more proud of what we have accomplished. I look over at Mayback and Jordan who will both be slightly behind in our second battalion. I give a nod to signal ready. ***"Tonight we will make history and save the kingdom and our race, There will be lives taken and blood shed and I want to let everyone know I am proud of each and everyone of you for your support and loyalty. So I hope everyone is ready"*** the crowd cheers as I shift and let out howl to signal to leave while everyone follows along as we begin our travel. This is it.
###chapter 88 Let the Flames begin
After travelling a while we stop and take a short break drinking some water and allowing our wolves to hunt down some food. Damon was on top form and has developed alot since Tara has given him some tips we both have nearly doubled in size, our strength and speed has substantially increased too, but I'm still having trouble with a foggy mind with everything, I just hope this is my drive not my weakness. I see Jordan heading over to me, ***"Hey how you keeping you look a little cloudy" "A little I just hope it will be more of a drive than a weakness" "I'm giving you this as protection and strength"*** handing me his own medallion ***"You know I can't take it" "You can and will, you must protect your mate and your daughter, I made it my life's mission to ensure their safety and I know they are in good hands, if I don't come back from this I know they will always be protected, plus I have a ring that does the same thing but think of this as a gift"*** I feel my eyes welling up when Jordan wraps his arms around me, whispering ***"you got all of this together to ensure the safety of your pack, your mate and your daughter your not about to lose it all now. So hold your head up and be the Alpha you were born to be"*** patting me on the back while I pull myself together, Jordan has been more of a father to me recently than my father ever was. Then I have the thoughts of Nina and Rich how they have accepted me and this world, there's alot at stake here I can't fail, I will not fail. **Failure isn't an option here, never was, we got this.** Damon growling intensively. I start to shout to gather everyone up.

***"Right so everyone clear on the plans"*** everyone shouting ***"aye"*** in unison. ***"So first battalion push forward and second battalion hold back will see you shortly"*** on the finishing note the Red River pack and Cresent Moon pack battalion show up on cue. ***"Right on time Jordan and Cole will fill you in on the rest of the plans my battalion is going to push forward and start this thing, we wish everyone luck and protection stay safe we will all catch up when this is over with, I personally want to thank each and everyone one of you for your support and I can't thank you enough, I will see you all shortly" "it's our pleasure and it's an honour to stand beside you, good luck out there"*** I just nod and head to lead my men to battle. Adrenaline setting in. Let's do this. Damon excitedly bouncing around. 

As we approach the treeline we see the cottage well lit up, tents and huts scattered around, aleast we got the right place I guess. My men waiting patiently for their signal, a few preparing molotov cocktails to burn the tents and huts, as much as I wanted this to have no women and children hurt it's not going to give an advantage here we need to just knock down the force as much as we can in the first blow, Jackson probably won't show until most his army are gone, leaving him with no distractions for me. 

Everyone stood ready I give my signal and the men charge forward throwing huts and tents into flames and before we know it we are met with force, it doesn't seem like a substantial amount as it stands my men are giving their all, I see limbs and blood drowning the grass beneath us. Although it seems as if they were prepared for this, they have done their training. I start running towards the scumbags before me shifting into my wolf mid air, tearing up man after man. **This feels amazing just the work out we need. Calm down boy, this is only the beginning.** Damon now in his element focusing on his surroundings, using all his techniques to his advantage while holding back some key things to avoid prediction. Damon ragging bodies with his jaw taking all the pleasure he can get out of this, we have lost very little men so far things looking promising. 

After waves of wolves one massive wave came from what I believe to be underground tunnels, these men slightly stronger and faster but no match for the training and work my wolves put in. I glance around catching Jackson standing on the porch smirking joined by a female, making Damon lose his control. **Wait! now isn't the time. We need to find out about that female something smells off! but we must wait for back up.** Letting out a growl I manage to reel Damon in and right on cue our second battalion arrive giving everyone a fresh outlook and burst of energy these men are fighting with everything they have. I see Jordan shift and glance over at me it's show time for him I guess, some the wolves backed up and ran off beyond the treeline in fear. I look over at Jackson who's smirk has disappeared while Damon let out an almighty howl, which of sent our wolves to fight harder. 


As I head back to the treeline to take a full view of the field it's full of bloodshed, some of my own wolves but mainly Jacksons wolves, just behind me, I see they finished setting up the medical tent, and I linked 20 men to hold back here to protect the medics, I head back to the field and start tearing up the ground, chomping limbs with my jaw as I head in. I notice a few of my men injured and send them back to the medics, Mateo and Nathan holding up well both working together as a team. It's a proud moment for us all. I notice Trent in some trouble with 6 wolves surrounding I head in giving my all. **I got your back** giving trent a nod. Cole looks beat up real bad, I know their warriors and him aren't usually in conflict but didn't expect it this bad, I carried Cole on my back to the medic tent, shifted back and explained he's an Alpha and needed urgent attention. I clenched Coles hand ***"you did good, get yourself patched up and head back" "Finish that asshole"*** is all he could get our before passing out, get him sorted and back to the packhouse urgently. 

Jackson's army now growing in numbers and strength, it's not far from the third battalion arriving which will set everything off again. Surely he hasn't got much more men, I find myself sitting in the middle of the field feeling like I'm absorbing more and more energy, feeling my wounds disappearing, I begin to smell wolfsbain luckily it doesn't affect me, but it will the rest of our wolves. **Watch yourselves guys wolfsbain involved. Aye aye got it Alpha.** 

As the third battalion arrive another load of Jacksons army appear but it's a much smaller amount I also sense not all of them are wolves but something else but theres so many different smells my nostrils can't filter it. We must be getting to the last of them. Jordan seems to have shaken up the ground a little, I can see cracked grounds amongst the blood and limbs, flames soaring, tunnels now all up in flames any shelters have been destroyed it's only the cottage that we haven't had access to. **I love you baby, end this once and for all, I'm sending you energy and healing as we speak, I can't live without you either. Thank you beautiful, things going to plan at present I love you.** Hearing Amelia's voice only made things real again and before I could even think of protecting myself I find myself losing consciousness on the ground. It can't be over. All I see is darkness. 

**Hello my dear you let yourself get distracted not that I blame you for that, Amelia's voice is so mesmerising and infectious, no worries though this isn't over yet and you haven't been that badly hurt, I just brought you into this. Thanks Ma you do realise this is important. Everyone has things under control for the moment, I can't be more proud of the man you're becoming a better Alpha than your father will ever be. You need a distraction, I feel uneasy about that woman with Jackson, seems like trouble waiting to happen. I know I just don't know what distraction I need. Don't worry son it will come, you've had enough time now to fully heal and replenish your energy now you need to wake up don't forget don't miss the sign and you'll know what to do. Thanks Ma. Love you always my little wolf.**
###chapter 89 Distractions
I find myself awoken in the medic tent. ***"Don't you ever do that to us again, we thought you were a goner then you've been out about an hour and a half"*** Mateo shouting at me ***"Sorry I got distracted by Amelia linking me" "So that's okay then is it you could have been killed"*** Nathan added ***"I know I get it but Ma also got to me and we need to find a distraction for that woman with Jackson" "I agree but there's no way of parting them I think we just need to go straight for them" "No we don't know what or who she is she doesn't smell wolf from what my senses are telling me" "I'll link you when the time comes just be alert, what's the situation out there, Jackson still has men coming from the cottage but our men are holding on well. Seems like they've had a fresh boost too" "Good now let's get back out there and fight alongside our men"***

***"Good to see you back on the field I think Jackson was getting over excited when he seen you being carried off the battle ground"*** Jordan mumbling while we both fight off the wolves they seem to be weakening. ***"yeh good luck keeping me away, I need to get rid of that thing before I can proceed to Jackson though" "no worries I'll see what I can come up with but you need to be ready at any point. I have a feeling she's vampire" "So that's why they keep disappearing to control her urge for blood" "possibly it's the only thing that makes sense and from what I could tell they are mated so it's going to be harder to get between them" "Is it even possible for them to mate" "yes but their ritual would be slightly different it would mean he has vampire blood inside him to so keep you wit about you" "noted"*** As we both continue to fight side by side, Jordan makes a break for the side lines so he can look for a form of distraction. I keep decapitating the enemy. How my men are still going I'll never understand but looks like the hard work and hours training is paying off, I guess we're all fighting for something today and that's our freedom. 

I locate Mateo and Nathan Linking them an update from Jordan, so they know to keep an eye out. **Damon you need to keep some energy for our main fight. I know I'm bouncing with energy you haven't let me loose like this for a long time it's euphoric.** 

More and more of Jacksons army keep coming from the cottage, how is there so many of them granted they are weak and slow but surely he can't have many more, noticing that Jackson hasn't been around for a while now, maybe he's gone into hiding knowing his forces are failing or he's coming up with a plan. 

Noticing Jordan coming back to the back end of the field I get link **I figured we could lure her over if she is indeed a vampire she won't be able to resist human flesh and blood, I manged to get a fresh body from the nearby hospital. At the moment I have the body sealed in a bubble. Good shout, but won't this body be reported missing or family questioning. No, I erased all acknowledgement of them being there plus they didn't have a name or anything on them so it was my only option. Okay. It happens all the time how do you think vampires feed. Your going to have to keep them off while I set everything in motion to intensify the smell, attraction and set up then it's all you, Mateo and Nathan, but you will all need to work together I don't think she is a weak vampire by all means. Just give us the go ahead I want this over with. I think we all do. Sun is rising soon so we have to be quick with her or we will loose our opportunity. Got it.** 

As Jordan prepares everything, I can't help but think of Amelia and my princess I hope they are doing okay back home, I know if I link her it will only cause more of a distraction to us. Damon is already piped up enough without hearing our mates voice. **Damon you better be ready for this. Most definitely I want to tear them to shreds. Mateo, Nathan, Wolves be ready on my cue Jordan just setting up something it's going to take the three of us he expects her to be a powerful blood sucker. Ready on your go ahead. Follow the human blood scent. Barbaric I like it. Should have guessed Mateo would say something like that** making me chuckle. 

Noticing that Jordan is almost done, I see Jackson trying to control her in one of the nearby windows in which he's failing miserably she just flings him out of the way. **It's on you now guys good luck.** 
###chapter 90 Bored and frustrated 
While I've been stuck in this room barely even allowed to move from this bed, he had the ordacity to leave without even a good bye just this stupid note I can't even think about reading. why is everything always about other people and some other drama. I'm here carrying his child and he just wanders off to battle. ***"Amelia is everything okay your looking a little intense" "Sorry Craig yes a little just no understanding to any of this if I'm completely honest" "Amelia everything that is happening now is to protect you and your little girl you may not be able to see that but everyone is on high alert the borders here are completely guarded no one is to come in and no one out while the Alpha is away on this chaotic battle. I'm not sure if that made you feel any better but I'm giving you the truth and while you are safe here under mine and Mark's care he is probably out there praying he comes home to you. We all understand your need to have Lucas by your side even him but he has to do this for the wider good"*** I just sit silent without anything to say not knowing if the words were ringing true or whether or not he rehearsed it. Things going around my mind what happens if he doesnt come home? what if our girl never meets her father? How am I going to explain everything?. Finding myself getting more and more frustrated I waddle off to the bathroom I inform Craig, ***"I'm taking a bath"*** he just nods and allows me to be in peace. 

I allow the warm water to flow while adding some bubbles light some wax melts and tealights to try and relax me a little more. **Amelia how are you feeling? Craig has informed me you are more frustrated and worked up than normal, which is to be expected. Mark how could he leave me so close? Amelia Lucas is not doing this because he doesn't want to be there with you, what he is doing is maintaining yours and your pups safety, I agreed for him to go on one condition you remain calm, on bed rest and increased monitoring. So you gave him the all clear? yes Amelia I did for you, neither of us wanted trouble coming here it would have only put you and your pup in distress and greater danger. Sorry Mark but I can't think rationally at the moment, it's okay enjoy your bath and relax, Craig will have some food ready for you, also he said you haven't opened Lucas's letter, I suggest you do, you will have greater understanding I will pop by later on Amelia. I'll think about it, see you later.** Why does none of this seem rational and why am I so worked up maybe it's because of my issues of trust or fear either way I can't keep raising my blood pressure ***"its not going to help you is it my little princess"*** speaking to my very large uncomfortable tummy. 

The water now cold, I try hard to maneuver myself around to get out of tub without too much difficulty. I begin to try and dry myself as best I can seen as there's some places I can't even reach anymore. I hear Nikki and Libby entering my bedroom and talking with Craig. ***"I'll be out shortly just trying to dry off" "Take your time Amelia, don't strain yourself."*** Nikki shouting back at me as if she's giving me a warning. I just roll my eyes, they brought me some nice nighties yesterday so I just throw one of them on and head back into the bedroom. 

***"Come on we have some food for you, watch a film and have a giggle but not too much we don't want our princess to arrive just yet"*** Libby chuckled. ***"What are we going to watch?" "There's a new film out I'll have a look and see if we can get it through lime or something now. Oh here it is model 35."*** Nikki loves films about fashion so it wouldn't of been hard to guess what it's about. As the film starts we start munching away on the food both the girls and Craig had done for us, Craig also seen it as his cue to go into the living room while we watch this and enjoy out time together. 

Half way through the film I feel myself feeling a little off and emotional only they weren't my emotions, they must have Lucas's. I brush it off, I'll deal with that once they leave. ***"You okay Amelia?"*** Nikki looking at me concerned ***"of course I am, just worried I guess" "We all are but they'll be fine tough as old boots them lot"*** Libby couldn't control herself and just laughed. ***"where on earth did you come up with that? I've never heard it before in my life"*** she continued ***"it's a metaphor or something I read it in one of my mags and it kinda caught on" "I like it"*** I mumbled suggestively. 

Coming to the end of the film, I realise the girls had to go fill in for duties that the boys would usually take care of, ***"we will be back once everything is sorted" "No worries I have Mark coming to check on me shortly I'll probably get some sleep them" "Let's us know when it's okay to come back over" "Will do"*** The girls give their good bye and off they go. It gets so lonely and boring doing the same thing over and over. 

Time passing by slowly I decide to think about reading the note that Lucas had left me. Collecting the note from my bedside cabinet, still feeling unsure about reading it. His smell still lingering in the air, making me miss him even more, the tears begin to flow I've been so focused on him leaving that I hadn't really realised it could have been the last time. I feel myself sobbing harder Craig runs in, ***"Amelia what's wrong? Are you in pain? Shall I call Mark?"*** I just shake my head while he edges closer ***"I miss him and what if he doesnt come home" "Amelia he will come home he has you and your princess to fight for, there is nothing that will stand in the way of that" "None of us can say that for sure though" "he had everyone looking out for him he's coming back to you" "Thank you"*** Craig tries his best to calm me down and keep me relaxed and I appreciate it very much it's just not helping. ***"Craig I think I'm going to read the note now can you give me some space?" "of course I'll be just outside you need anything just give me a shout" "Thank you"*** 

I begin to tear the Ivory envelope open to find a carefully hand written note. 

*Dear Amelia, 
                      Your reading this because you were asleep when it was time for me to leave. I need to finish this once and for all. I don't want anymore drama just a peaceful life with you and our princess.* 

*On the other hand you must appreciate how dangerous this is for everyone, we are venturing in to the unknown. I need you to understand that you will continue to lead this pack with or without me here. I know it's upsetting thought and heartbreaking to think we will be apart but you must pick yourself up for our pup and for this pack, they need you. I will always be by your side whether it be in body or spirit. It shouldn't come to that though I have something much more precious to fight for than a stupid title.*

*I've been abit of an asshole in the past but, I hope you have forgiven me. I love you Amelia, I look forward to coming home to you my darling wife, you changed my life forever, I couldn't go a day without you.* 

*Love 
Lucas xxx*
###chapter 91 Where is he?
Only making me more upset and of course I forgive him, he's showing he's vulnerable. It's even more upsetting because he wouldn't usually write anything like this. He's been gone a long time now if I send him energy and protection hopefully it will be enough to bring him home. I couldn't live without him either. Hopefully if he hears my voice it will send him into focus, **I love you baby, end this once and for all, I'm sending you energy and healing as we speak, I can't live without you either.** What's taking so long to link back maybe something is going horribly wrong or he's hurt after a few moments which felt like forever before hearing back. **Thank you beautiful, things going to plan at present I love you.** Thank god for that that's a slight relief he's okay and claims everything is going to plan. Allowing me to relax a little. 

I place on some random boring TV show to see if it would atleast allow me to relax or have a giggle at the stupidity while I wait for Lucas to get back. After a while I find myself falling asleep again. Dreaming of the future with Lucas and our princess only giving me comfort and warmth before the dream comes to a close. Craig wanders in to give me some food that's been sent up from the kitchen. ***"Thank you" "your welcome"*** 

I bring the tray closer and lift the cover off to find it's a lovely cooked beeakfast. Thank heavens it wasn't anything pastry based or I think I would have thrown up. I munch away at my breakfast still no sign of Lucas perhaps things are taking a little longer than they thought saying that, it's still very early.

I'm just stuck here worrying over thinking and stressing over Lucas coming home. Everyone trying to tell me to relax and calm down is only making matters worse. It's making me start to think there's something they aren't telling me.

Seen as I have nothing to do I head for another bath, I think my stress and anxiety levels are causing more braxton hicks again I need to relax. **Mark my braxton hicks are getting a little stronger again, I'm not sure if that's normal or whether you want a check things over. Morning Amelia I would like to see you yes I'll come to you later on I can't pin point a time but I'll be with you at some point. Thanks Mark. No worries Amelia I will see you shortly.**  

After a while of waiting for Mark, he finally turns up. ***"Sorry for keeping you waiting had some trouble at the hospital." "that's fine, I'm just unsure if I'm going until labour of some sort it's just the pains and that you know" "yes, your having contractions but nothing too serious it's going to be slow I think, I will give you some medications now to help you with everything and relax and hopefully help you to sleep a while" "Thank you so what should I expect?" " the pains will become more intense and closer together the further into labour you go but I will be with you by then or if your struggling I'm more than happy to transport you to the hospital but I think it would be far more relaxing for you here." "I don't want Lucas to miss it, Amelia he will be here, don't worry about that for now try and get some sleep and I'll come by shortly to see how your doing" "Thank you Mark" "no need to thank me Amelia, I'm here if you need anything just link me"*** Mark exits and briefs Craig as of what is needed. 

Meanwhile I'm still stuck here waiting for Lucas, surely he can't miss all this, **Lucas I need you to come home, I can't do this alone,** As I lay trying to get in a comfortable position which seems near enough impossible, I feel myself drifting off to sleep slowly sinking into a dream of Lucas, our pup and me all playing in the backyard laughing and giggling as we run around together as a family.

I wake from my dream suddenly realising my contractions are close and far more intense, with  no sign of Lucas anywhere ***"Craig!!!Get Mark Now I don't think she's going to be long"*** yelling at the top of my lungs while I try to breathe through the contractions and move around rocking my hips to try  ease the pain. She's coming and he's not home. ***"Where the hell is Lucas?"*** I scream. 
###chapter 92 Where is Jackson?
All is set in motion, she's going frantic, it's clearly working it won't be long until he can't hold her back. Jordan needs to finish up what he's doing soon to get out of the way. I don't think I could ever forgive myself if anything happened to him because of me besides I don't want to think about how Amelia would feel, she doesn't have many people to call family as it is losing Jordan would be like losing another family member. I could never do that to her. Letting my thoughts run away with me, I'm losing focus thoughts of Amelia creeping in, I feel like it's painful to think of her right now I need to try and disconnect from this I have to focus with the job at hand, coming close to sunrise, we don't have long for this to work. 

I notice from the distance she escapes his clutches and is now heading to our lure. I sprint to the area and push Jordan away there's no time to explain before she starts to divulge into the body. I hear Jordan in the distance ***"I hadn't finished your going to have to do this the hard way, I thought I would have enough time, I'm sorry"*** As his voice begins getting weaker, I link medics to collect him and take him back to medical aid. **No more magic Jordan needs to rest now he's done more than enough here.** 

Mateo to my left, Nathan right. Let's kill this succulent whore. As we get into arrowhead formation as a trio. She quickly lifts her head from her meal, realising it was all a lure. ***"oh look how sweet you gave me a meal to build my strength up, that was a big mistake"*** bringing out her fangs and glowing ruby red eyes piercing through us. ***"Why are you involved" "I will support my true mate with every inch of my soul"*** **We need to watch her venom could kill us, Jordan said there's only few ways in which a wolf would be able to tolerate it, so keep your guard. Got it.** 

***"Bad choice"*** Mateo spits while he leaps to take strike, she's too quick, we need to think methodically, ***"Surely you could never harm a woman" "When she's a threat to me and my pack I'd gladly rip her head off."*** Damon ready to pounce but I push him back I don't want to risk shifting. Me and the boys circle her trying to wait for the right time to strike. She's trying to keep an eye on our every move but with the sound from the background fighting and she's losing her patience. I strike at the core leaving her slightly shaken, Mateo following up with a leg strike which knocks her off her feet but in a flash she's up again looking unfazed by the attack.

I'm met with a long stare, while she slides a dagger from her shabby boots. I feel the intensity of her stare more and more as she brings a slight grin to her face. **Damon time to play. About time.** I know I'm not going to be able to keep up as well as Damon he's been working so hard on the agility and speed he's far better equipped then me. I launch myself into mid air to shift, I can see by the look on her face she's never been met by such a large wolf slighty nervous and rightly so we above average of the normal Alpha and we work hard for it. Damon darts around, like it's a game trying to get her off guard and final he makes a strike to her leg leaving her damaged and open to attack, Mateo goes in for a strike but the blade seems to catch his shoulder, Nathan manages to rip off a leg and throw it aside. The screeching piercing our ears almost feels like it's going to explode my drums. Catching Damon off guard she manages for slice across our chest, leaving a large gash with blood pouring, the pain radiating through us, Damon lets a loud howl out, the anger inside raging takes over the pain Damon takes his strike and rips her head off in one grip of his jaw, we collapse to the floor  while the blood pours over the ground and drips from our jaw we feel something warming up inside, I must be dying I see stars everything around me turns white. 

Wait, I'm burning now almost like I'm on fire, the fire inside me igniting me, I feel my energy levels rising and everything around me begins to return to normal. Mateo and Nathan still burning the remains of the scum that did this. Jordan running over, ***"thank goddess your okay, I thought you were a goner when you fell to the floor but I noticed you healing so darted over." "Yeh safe to say this healing is a little more intense than I'm used too but thank you" "Amelia would never forgive me if I didn't bring you home alive and probably want to kill me" "She's gone now only one more hurdle but seems that problem seems to have disappeared into the cottage." "Okay let's take a break regather, work out a plan and gain some strength I'm sure the medics will have something" "Sounds solid" "You two finished taking pleasure in burning we need to regroup and 
gain some energy, meet in the medic tent" "you got it bro just finishing up"*** 

We sit down to a refreshing water with some added vitamin and energy booster. I try to think over everything, we have no layout of the inside, we have no idea if this thing has been altered into underground facilities. We are going in blind but with only four of us seen as Trent us busy with the warriors split in two pairs is our only option. ***"So guys been doing some thinking split into pairs one takes the back and one takes the front one upstairs one downstairs?" "sounds good, me and Nathan will take the back, you and Jordan take the front, you take down and we take up?" "either way I'm not bothered we need to unmask one in each pair needs to unmask so we can follow scent to find the other" "decide amongst yourselves who is going to unmask, I'll unmask just cause I don't want him getting the fae scent from Jordan" "Good point" "all sorted then is everyone rough and ready?" "aye"*** everyone exclaimed in unison. 

As we get closer to the cottage I keep getting pains perhaps I haven't healed fully but there's no time for that. I just needed this over with. I pull down my masking now, he'll smell me coming but the boys will need to be able to track if needed so it's nessasary just places me in more danger. 

Approaching the cottage it smells revolting, rubbish and what smells like feacal matter everywere. All doors are locked which I easily kick off the hinges, feeling my temper rising in like a lion in search for prey. I scan the hallway, nothing noticeable all doors flung wide open, living room and kitchen diner clear can't find anything obvious, I begin to search for any hidden door ways by kicking in bookshelves and kicking up rugs to find nothing, feeling myself loose control Mateo and Nathan link in **All clear here. Here too. did you notice anything out back? There's a small garden shed why? he's gotta be somewhere, I'll head there follow us down. Got it.**

Reaching the shed the stench just keeps getting stronger, my stomach bubbling and contents rising almost making me hurl everywhere. I kick the door in to find a stair case in the middle of the floor, ***"ready?"*** I whisper to Jordan following right behind. ***"I got your back".*** Making our way down I notice it's like tunnels these must be the tunnels all the men were staying in, finding room and after room torn up beds, blankets and pillows everywhere blood stained rags, **Mateo and Nathan catch up you got to see this.**
###chapter 93 Finish This 
***"These tunnels are never ending I followed the scent, although it was hard with the stench that's down here" "I think we have some fresh vamps amongst this too that went through change here" "that explains it"*** Mateo starts flinging open doors and finds that one opens out into what looks like another set of stairs leading deeper. As we get to the bottom everything lit by flaming torches it must be some sort of training room. I hear something, Quiet I think he's here. I take slow quiet steps forward into the room before I hear him speak ***"took you long enough" "can't say it made much difference to the outcome today" "it isn't over yet" "you know it is"*** the words screaming confidence. ***"you've changed, maybe becoming Alpha made you a big headed pig or the fact you had to kill for your title either way your still weak" "that's not what your field is saying but you probably didn't notice seen as you haven't got the guts to fight alongside your own men" "my men"*** letting out a laugh  while he stands casually ***"just slaves really, they mean nothing same as you worthless, hybrids now that's a something worth fighting for" "your sick you know that" "Maybe but power leads to wealth and wealth gives you more power, what more could anyone want, people will bow down and worship me, I'll have everything I ever wanted and more" "All this is about power" "seriously what did you expect from me" "I always deserved to be Alpha, the outspoken one, the one who can rule a situation, the one who fought every battle just to get tossed aside, not anymore" "Jackson you have lost your mind" "It's never been clearer now did you come here to talk or to fight?"*** 

Leaving his question unanswered I quickly see an opportunity to strike, catching his jaw, flinging his head back. Jackson looks surprised, ***"well maybe your not all talk then"*** as he goes in for a strike as I block his punches, barely flinching at each blow. ***"Not as weak as you thought?"*** leaning to start punching and kicking, Jackson blocks and dodges a few he's quicker than I thought but not quick enough I manage to catch his ribs flinging his body backwards. ***"Nicely executed"*** He leaps up shifting mid air to try to catch me by surprise but Damon already caught on and shifted first and took entire control, snaling and snapping his jaw. Damon uses the room to bounce around as Jackson gives every attempt to keep up, he's quick catching us a few times, Damon left unfazed. Damon takes an opportunity to catch a paw as fling Jackson across the room slamming into a wall Jackson clearly getting pissed, he starts going frantic and barely in control.

With Jackson losing focus, Damon using it to tire him, he's playing games almost like he's jumping around like he would with Tara making my heart throb I want Amelia, I need Amelia, **Damon stop playing get it done, we need to get back to Amelia.** Damon switching from defense to attack, taking every opportunity to cause damage. Slashing and watching the blood pour as Jackson heals quicker than normal a little like me. Jackson grabs a spear which smells like it's been dipped in wolfsbain, knowing it's not going to do lasting damage Damon launches straight toward Jackson, where he manages to puncture Damons back leg  letting out a loud yelp but the leg heals almost instantly. Jacksons wolf looking in amazement but also nervous as Damon strides slowly toward him while Jackson struggles to heal as quickly now his body slowing down, his energy depleting quickly Damon takes one look a rips off a leg and spits it aside. Allowing me to gain back control I shift back, ***"wolfsbain doesn't work on me, it's over, you'll never harm another being again"*** I whisper before plunging my fist into his partially open chest wound, ***"last words?" "This isn't over"*** I tear out his heart and crush it in my bare hand blood dripping from my fist I fling it onto his dead body. ***"Lucas it's over we need to make a move"*** I can't bring words out of my mouth I feel sick, but it's over I nod and head back toward the shed. 

Finally making it towards the medic tent and the sun just coming to rise. Everyone waiting and cheering when all I can think about is since meeting Amelia my life has been thrown upside down, my mother died, I killed my father and now I've killed someone I used to call brother. It's crazy what a mate bond will make you do. I take some time to reflect, Jordan pats me on the shoulder but doesn't say a word, it's like he knows it's alot to process, the threat is over now. My heart still aching for Amelia I start walking back, I let Damon rest for abit before getting him to run back plus gives me time, to get over everything before we get back.

After a while over going over memories growing up to now, it strikes hard, my eyes get hazy, ***"how you holding up bro? it's gonna take some time to adjust to everything it's probably dragging up alot but it's done, everyone is safe and you've probably saved our kind from catastrophe" "I know, just hard, we grew up together we always had eachothers back the four of us, now it's hit it will only ever be the 3 of us now" " We have our mates too, speaking of which we still need to find Nathan's" "Perhaps once my princess has arrived we will throw a party or something"*** reminding me is Amelia okay? **Amelia everything OK? I'm coming home.** ***"She's not linking back, something wrong"*** going into panic Damon emerges and shifts into control without a word in edge ways, Damon runs as fast as he can weaving between trees flicking the ground up with his paws as the pound into the ground. 

**Lucas she's in labour, go!**
###chapter 94 Back home
Damon almost at the boarders, I link guards to let us through. I think that's the quickest he's ever pushed and we are probably going to need one extra long rest after that but no time now. As guards taken by surprise on how quickly the interval between our link and passing through into the clearing. I make it to the front door forgetting I'm still bloodstained fur and now caked in residue from our very intense run home almost collapsing at their feet as I shift back. My energy depleted body trying to dig through to find something the adrenaline still pumping. ***"I just want to get to Amelia, I'm not injured I just need Amelia"*** I hear a familiar voice coming from a distance. ***"Lucas Silverstone you get your.... oh my gosh are you okay?"*** Nikki looking in horror. ***"I'm fine I need to be with Amelia" "you don't look fine, your pale, covered in blood and still trying to heal" "Look Nikki none of that matters, get me to Amelia now!"*** I yell angrily, Nikki doesn't say another word just nods and takes me to our room. ***"before you go in you may want to freshen up" "I'll freshen up once I've seen Amelia and made sure she's okay"*** indicating Nikki she could leave and stop telling me what to do. 

I stand there just staring at the door, taking deep breaths to try calming and collecting myself before heading in. I hope she's not mad, I can't bare the thought of missing the most important moment of my life and my mate staying angry and bitter with me. **Pick up some courage will you and just get in there she's waited long enough for you.** Damon eager to check on Amelia, so many emotions whirling around and before I know it, I'm entering the room. 

Amelia laying calm and collected despite the pain soaring through her body. She also doesn't look mad, but no one in the room has even noticed my presence yet. I study everyone rushing around Amelia while she just lays keeping her composure, trying to breathe through each contraction. Mark trying to make sure all the right instruments, blankets and whatever are ready. Mark being to first to notice me ***"ahh you made it, Amelia will be happy"*** whispering ***"what's with the rushing?" "it won't be much longer until she's ready to push just getting organised nothing to worry about, Amelia has been a little anxious waiting for you but your here now and you didn't miss anything, Craig has also been a very good support to her also go clean yourself up you look awful"*** I walk closer to Amelia, she must have notices my scent she recognised my scent her glare showing no signs of anger thank goodness I'm safe from a lecture. Her eyes full of pain but her expression showing me her excitement and happiness to see me. I can't help but head in for a long hug embracing her fully into me. ***"I'm so glad I didn't miss this" "me too baby, but your covered in blood and goddess only knows what that stench is you need to clean yourself up" "you were far more important than cleaning myself up"*** Another contraction catches her off guard she clenched into me breathing deep breaths. While I whisper in her ***"you must the strongest woman I know your doing amazing, our princess is lucky to have you as her Ma"*** My words seem to keep her calm and contraction slowly trailing off ***"you need to get clean I can't handle another contraction with that stench"*** Amelia being her usual self ***"on it boss I won't be long, Mark gonna hop in the shower and get clean clothes do you need the bathroom for anything?" "no you carry on, we will potter around you" "thank you"*** darting for the shower even though most my adrenaline calmed down now I can't waste any more time being away from Amelia. She needs me as much as I need her. 

I hop in letting the water rinse over my body which was healed completely minus a few wounds which would probably turn into scars. I wash myself twice over to make sure Amelia couldn't smell anything other than me. Dry myself quickly maybe not properly close enough though and dart back to Amelia who's contractions seem to be getting stronger. 

***"I'm here beautiful, it's okay your doing amazing"*** stroking her hair and rubbing her back seems to be working. ***"Thank you for making it" "wouldn't want to miss this now would I"*** trying to throw in some positivity. ***"might not have been, it's no time for cockiness" "Sorry trying to bring some light to the situation"*** Amelia throws a pissed gib at me, that's my cue to stop. 

Watching Amelia wince in pain, only making me want to take it all away, getting slightly angry at myself, ***"Amelia I think your ready to push"*** Mark suggested ***"now you think I'm ready I was ready 8 hours ago"*** stating angrily ***"Amelia he's only trying to help" "if It wasn't for you I wouldn't be in this situation so shut up and hold my hand" "it's okay it's the pain ignore it"*** Mark whispered I begin to feel like my whole body is aching, my stomach clenching along with Amelias contractions, the pain radiating through us we both just breath and hold on to eachother as planned. ***"Amelia remember get on your knees it will be easier for you and you can focus on me"*** looking surprised I even remembered Amelia agrees, as me and Mark try to help Amelia shift position she goes into a contraction midway I support Amelias position as she's breathes and pants through the intensity of the wave. Finally managing to get her to her knees leaning over the chair focusing on me. ***"We will be enjoying your life as a trio, our life is just beginning beautiful, look at everything you have done and accomplished all while I've been such a pratt" "We did it together" "No Amelia this is all you, everyone who said you wouldn't amount to anything now look at this. the most beautiful and strongest person I know. You've got this under control"***
###chapter 95 Arrival
With labour taking it's toll, Amelia losing focus and energy Mark claiming our princess is getting there slowly but Amelia needs to push harder. ***"Amelia you got this just push a little harder" "Push harder, you push a fucking watermelon out and then tell me to push fucking harder"*** an annoyed and frustrated Amelia snaps. ***"come on your nearly there Amelia it's not long now and she'll be in your arms, few more pushes you got this"*** Amelia starting to cry ***"I can't do this Lucas I'm not as strong as you think I am, it's just so hard and exhausting" "you can and will do this, you have never quit at anything your not about to start now. You can do this just a few more beautiful"*** with the next contractions Amelia give more effort and pushes with everything she can bringing our princess down. ***"one more big push and you'll have her in your arms but you gotta push with everything you got"*** she grips my hand tighter as if she hasn't broken my hand enough through this the last one really does some damage but soon enough, Amelia's panting and screaming slowly dying down, All I can hear echoing through my body is a cry a new born cry, ***"Amelia you did it, she's here"*** both of us letting our tears run while Mark finishes up checking her over and I move Amelia around so she can cradle our new life. I lift her top off so she can have a better contact with her as Mark hands over our prefect little girl. My emotions running high and I couldn't be more proud of the woman right in front of me. ***"I'm so proud of you, everyone else will be too"*** planting a kiss on Amelia's forehead holding her and our bundle of joy together as a trio. At long last we have our little pup and never felt so connected. Nothing could ever mount to the feelings we have right now, euphoric doesn't even begin to explain it.

With our baby now milk drunk and feeding very well, looks like I've lost them boobs for a while I think to myself. Mark come back to do some final checks before he can go. Reassuring Amelia I would be right outside if she needed me I head out into the hallway to take a breather. Thinking how I wish my mother was here for this, Amelia must be thinking the same letting my face frown at the thought, I find Nina and Rich wandering in, full of excitement, balloons and gifts. ***"What's wrong?"*** Nina started to panic seeing the look on my face ***"oh nothing everything is perfect just wish our parents where here for this".*** Nina wraps her arms around me whispering in my ear ***"she's always here"*** placing her hand on my heart bringing me to tears again. No one ever warned me how emotional it is bringing a child into the world really is. There's tears of joy, sadness and everything inbetween it's no wonder they tell you it's an experience like no other. 

As I head back into the room after collecting myself ***"I found some people that want to see you while I was outside think you might be glad to see them"*** Amelia's face lit up like it was Christmas, only to bring tears upon her again, while our pup lays peacefully in the crib sleeping, Nina and Rich dote over Amelia and how proud they are of her, I notice our pup stirring so I hold her up, this is my first time having her in my arms, she's so small, my finger barely fits in her hand, she's perfect. Everything around me fades as I look at her, she's perfection like a little doll. ***"No one will ever hurt you little one, Daddy has you no matter how big you get"*** my whole world in my arms. ***"Your right there"*** Rich added, not even realising that everyone was staring at me with her, ***"Your gonna do just fine Daddy"*** Nina encouraged. I handed Nina our little one and Rich gives me a pat on the back ***"you did good"*** coming from another that's speaks to me like a son only gave me pride in what I achieved. 

**Congratulations bro, I bet she's perfect can't wait to meet our little niece. Let you know when Amelia and I would up to visitors thank you, rollercoaster still going at the moment. Enjoy the ride it will never end now you have your pup.** 

He's probably right now I have a pup, life will never be the same, worry, frustration and parenting will be my life now. 

**Alpha I'm aware this probably not the best time but what do you want to do with the fallen men and women. Lay them to rest we will have a service in the near future for them. No worries and congratulations Alpha. Thank you.** 

Everything had slipped my mind since entering that room, no worries or care for anyone apart from Amelia and our pup. I will need to make plans for a service it's well deserved for the way everyone fought our there. I need to thank everyone for their assistance too but right now none of that matters while I embrace the new ###chapter of my life. 

***"So Amelia everything is in order all your paperwork is complete I will leave now if you feel ready for me to do so" "Thank you for everything Mark, I think I'm ready to take this adventure with everyones support and of course for some rest" "good idea, remember I'm still here if you need anything" "much appreciated Mark we will keep that in mind"*** I answered as Mark gathers his things to leave. 
###chapter 96 Getting into routine
Our 6lb 2oz pup has been with us about 4 weeks and everything seems to be returning to normal, I'm up and managing our pup and completing missed paperwork. Lucas is just a doting daddy, without his support I don't think I would have managed. He helps with everything 24 hours a day while still continuing his duties too, life is looking up. Nikki and Libby are with me 90% of the time think they have fallen in love with our pup proud aunties to say the least. 

It took us around 2 weeks to figure a name for our little princess Avina Lily Silverstone. We both wanted Nina and Ava so we combined the two and it couldn't suit her any better. Nina was over the moon to have that honour. Rich has already taken it upon himself to take her from me already too taking her for a walks around the pack. My daughter future female Alpha already has everyone wrapped around her little fingers and she's only a month old. Safe to say she's going to get away with murder when she's growing up.

With so much been going on no one has really had time to have a proper get together so Lucas is going to prepare a meal for us all to enjoy eachothers company. Also a proper welcome for Trent and Biannca to the pack, took them a while to decide but it works perfectly she still has gym sessions and works while Trent leads the warriors. 

We finally unveil the memorial for those who were lost in battle with each name carved into a large plaque, our craftsman out did himself on this one it was perfect he even inscribed the members of the other packs that were lost. We had the leaders of the the other packs join for the service in which they were extremely grateful, we also made some new treaty's to allow benefits for one and all. Mayback have invited us for visit when I'm up to it with the Avina. 

**Amelia are you busy? I need a chat, I'm in abit of a tough situation. Of course you can call.** 

What could be bothering Lib that she wants to talk? she's been just fine lately more than usual actually. I pop the kettle on and make tea just in time for her to arrive. ***"Hey sorry to bother you Amelia but I just don't know who to turn to." "it's fine that's what friends are for, what's bothering you?" "Mateo and I have been trying for a pup for some time now and I'm just not conceiving, Mat us getting really irritable about it even though he keeps saying it's okay" "I see, it would be frustrating on both of you and seeing us with our pup can't be easy for you guys either of you but Mat probably embarrassed too that he can't give you a pup" "I guess your right but what if I never have a pup what if I can't give him what he wants will he just reject me?" "you know he's head over heels for you that won't happen but have you tried speaking to Mark to get some tests done to see what the issue is and if there's anything he can do to help?" "no don't think either of us wanted that conversation or crossed our minds if I'm honest" "I'd start there maybe there's something he can help with it's worth a shot?" "your right maybe I can have a word with Mat later and make an appointment with Mark" "other than that is everything okay?" "just this bugging me at the moment"*** Avina starts to cry, she must be hungry I head over and bring her over and allow her to feed while we chat, ***"I'm sorry she's hungry" "it's okay it's beautiful that you are so in tune with her and the closeness gives you a better bond I can only hope for the same"*** I just smile, I hope so too I couldn't imagine the strain it places on them both. ***"oh forgot to tell you Lucas is doing food this evening for us all to get together and a proper welcome for Trent and Biannca" "that sounds lush we haven't done that in a while, I think we could all do with a catch up with everyone, abit concerned on Lucas cooking though" "believe it or not he's a better cook than me not that I'll admit that to him"*** I chuckle disturbing Avina who's now trying to latch herself back on. ***"can't wait to try it, I best get going, thank you for the advice bye little one auntie see you later"*** The love everyone has for her is just heart melting, we have everyone we need right where we are. 

Lucas comes back with home bags of shopping, I'm guessing he's going all out for dinner with everyone tonight. ***"Looks like your feeding the whole pack with that lot"*** I muttered with a chuckle. ***"The alpha must put on a good dinner for everyone beautiful, more importantly feed my Luna's increasing appetite" "eii I can't help it this breast feeding is making more hungry"*** giving Lucas a pouty face. ***"I'm kidding with you beautiful, but I am putting on quite the spread. Little princess sleeping?" "yes she's sleeping should be down a while now" "I'll keep a ear out you go take a warm bath and relax a little I got things under control" "you know what I don't know how I got so lucky with you." "I'm the lucky one, now go have your bath"*** planting a kiss on my head. 

Feeling refreshed after my bath and getting ready for everyone's arrival, I make my way downstairs I begin to smell the food cooking, smells divine I must say. I head to check on Avina to realise she's not in her basket, ***"LUCAS WHERES AVINA?" "oh look mummy is back, hope you had a nice relaxing time, tell mummy my bum is changed and clean, daddy fed me and now I'm helping in the kitchen" "god Lucas I almost had a heart attack when she wasn't in her basket." "told you I got this under control don't panic, everyone should be here soon so could you and Avina set the table. I'll sort everything else."***

###chapter 97 Finally we are at peace
As me and Avina set the table everyone starts arriving, Avina quickly prized from me. I finish setting up and check on Lucas with dinner. ***"Need a hand baby?" "I take it they already took her away from you" "that they have, so does my Alpha want a hand carrying things out?" "that he would, nothing like a hand".*** As we start bringing out some of the dishes, everyone begins taking seats. 

***"This looks and smells amazing Lucas. You did this all by yourself?" "of course I did this Alpha can fend for himself you know"*** letting out a smirk. ***"Everyone hungry please tuck in, I'll take Avina and pop her in the crib while we eat"*** I suggest. Dinner seems to being going down a treat lobster, curry, and a roast I think everyone had helpings of everything, conversation going well. ***"so what was behind tonight Lucas?" "we haven't really welcomed Trent and Biannca yet and none of us have had time for a proper get together so killed two birds with one stone." "Good thinking Einstein"*** Trent laughed. So we did a toast and Lucas gave a little speech before everyone continued amongst themselves muttering away. Everyone finished up their food so Nikki and I began taking plates and dishes out to the kitchen and loading the dishwasher, even if I hated the thing it came in handy when we have company. 

***"Nikki you seem rather happy but something different, what's going on with you?" "nothing bothering me so to speak just unsure what I'm doing and so forth." "anything I can help with?" "maybe, it's just me and Nathan have always had an amazing connection right, well we actually slept together for the first time last week and well I'm falling hard for him and he for me, so we have decided we wanted to be chosen mates" "thats amazing news so why is that bugging you if your happy?" "what if one of us find our true mates and it ruins it all" "you can't think like that, if your happy now then you should go with your heart, if one of you find your true mate after then you can deal with it when the time comes" "thanks Amelia, maybe your right I'm over thinking the whole thing" "your welcome that's what we're here for right" "you know it"*** muttering as we hug it out. They will make an adorable couple and I couldn't be happier for both of them they both love and happiness. 

Night drawing in and everyone merry after a few drinks, we thanked everyone for their company as they started to leave, ***"well that was an enjoyable evening, but I have you to myself my one and only true Luna" "other than little miss yes you have me to yourself whats your plan?"*** giving a cheeky wink. ***"Well Amelia seen as you asked firstly I'm going to hop in the shower, cooking food made me all sweaty. Then me and you are going to watch a film, on the sofa while little miss goes up to bed, maybe just maybe we will see where things lead"*** giving me fuck me eyes, with a grin on his face, this man couldn't honestly get sexier if he tried. 

As planned out by Lucas a film was pretty much a waste of time, he begins caressing me five minutes in, grinding his hands over my body, gentle removing my clothes the same time, his sexy rough and rugged hair only adding to the man in front of me. Slowly he plants kisses over my neck and chest gently nibbling in and kissing over my mark, he works his way down to finally starting to roll his tongue over my nipples nd part my legs as he grinds his length against my now warm, wet flower making me moan and pant almost like im begging for more. ***"oh my my Amelia, someone's eager" "please Lucas I need you, I fucking want you, stop teasing and fuck me already" "oh Amelia this is just the begining don't get too ahead, I want to taste all of you beautiful"*** in his husky voice, only leaving me wanting more. He gently blows on my tummy and plants the odd kiss as he makes his way to my inner thighs, without him even being at my flower already bringing me close to my orgasm, I feel my body tense as I try to hold back, ***"now, now Amelia no use in holding back let yourself be free, cum for me beautiful"*** with that I'm tipped over the edge and quickly swoops in to taste my essence licking and sucking every little bit he can, with my clit begining to be more and more sensitive I find myself orgasming again, ***"Good girl, now I think your ready for me"*** with the inability to speak from the last orgasm I just nod. Lucas striping himself off, letting his member have freedom before placing it my entrance, I can feel his length pulsing already, he's ready, he gently slides in and allows me a minute to adjust, and before I know he's pounding in, as I moan and pant, his thrusts harder each time, I feel myself loosing myself again and release yet another wave of ecstasy this time, he pounds through it without a second thought. I feel Lucas tensing up, ***"Are you ready? cum for me"*** as his final thrust into me releases his own essence, colliding with my own, we find ourselves holding onto eachother as we ride it out, then finally just lay there cuddling on the sofa. ***"I love you Amelia"*** planting a kiss on head ***"I love you too Lucas"*** I meant every word, I fall in love more and more everyday, this pack couldn't have a better Alpha and most of all I couldnt have a better mate and father to our princess. 

Ping, ***"who the hell would be messaging you now Amelia?" "I don't know its 1am no one messages me at this time"*** I reach over to find a message from one of the patrol guards, strange. Its a picture message, as I open the picture I look in horror. ***"Amelia what is it?"*** Lucas picks my phone up and sees red, A man hanging from a tree at one of the boarders with an arrow through his chest holding a note. *ITS NOT OVER.* 