###chapter 1

***********
Rejected as a wolfless disgrace, Blake Hayes endures brutality in her Alpha father's pack. When her dormant wolf awakens with a dangerous duality, she’s branded a rogue and marked for death. Nero Fang, an undercover Alpha seeking vengeance against her family, becomes her unlikely protector. Bound by a primal attraction that defies their enmity, they navigate a treacherous world of pack politics and forbidden desire. As the full moon threatens to expose Blake’s true power and Nero’s secrets, they must choose: loyalty to blood, or a bond that could destroy them both.
***********

Being the only wolfless student in a school meant for werewolves is just awful. To be honest, the word "awful" is a bit too simple to express my hate toward school. How do I put it? Oh, right! I got it.

"I hate this shitty place more than the hell hole that I call 'home!" 

Yes, I hate my home too. Let me correct that, "I despise the house I have spent my pathetic life in since I was little."

My life is more like a twisted Cinderella story. However, in my case, I'm the step-sister whose mother is nowhere in sight and whose father detests her as much as his wife and daughter do.

The truth is, he was more considerable to me when I was little until I hit puberty, and my wolf refused to show up like every teenager at my age wolves did. After that disappointing full-moon night, he became a monster that I fear. But mostly, I detest him.

When the limousine came to a stop, I felt my breath cut because I knew that behind that tinted glass was another shitty place that was ready to cage and torture me.

Even though I wanted to reach for the door handle, fear kept me at a standstill, and I was at war with my anxieties which seemed to be winning so far against my confidence.

"If I get one bad report from your school concerning you this year, you will visit the 'night' for an entire month!" A cold voice speared through my ear, sending chills down my spine.

Unable to shake off the feeling of panic, I shut my eyelids. Then I slowly raised my lashes and hesitated for a few seconds. 

Not wanting to make the monster more annoyed, I swayed my gaze towards my father, staring directly at his icy expression.

As we glared at each other, I could tell he had no soul behind those icy gray eyes of his because "The Night" was a dark and cold dungeon used to punish the dangerous fugitives within the pack.

Believe me when I tell you that I have been through dreadful things and punishment. Despite all that I have endured, I draw the line at "The Night." That place is brutal and not for the weak.

The howls of wolves that got sent there in the past hunted me when I was little and still do even now, and as I intensely gazed at Loki, my only thought was how my father could be so vicious to think of sending me to such a place, even though his savagery wasn't strange to me.

Although I was sore and had a few words that I wanted to get off my chest, I kept my lips sealed because the truth was, I didn't want to get Loki mad at me, especially not on the first day of a new semester.

But it was no secret to me that there was no way I would stay out of trouble on the first day of school, even if I wanted to do so, and Loki needed to get reminded of that since he had forgotten apparently.

"Everyone in there knows that I am wolfless, and there is no way that they are not going to pick on me or beat the crap out of me, even if I hide in the bathroom!" I boldly uttered, looking at my father directly into his eyes.

"That's not my damn concern!" Loki uttered, scowling at me. "Having you as my daughter is already degrading enough! So I need you to be on your best behavior this year! Do you fucking understand me?!"

Classic Loki's behavior! He never seems to give a shit about anything when it comes to me because the biggest disappointment in his life is 'me,' and now that I think about all the time that I heard those exact words from him when I needed him to be a father, it pisses me off, a lot!

"Oh, I will be on my best behavior! But are the fools in there aware that you want me to be on my best behavior?! Because they are the reason for all the bad reports that I got last year!" I calmly uttered, even though I wanted to scream it from a rooftop.

With his grey eyes cold as always, Loki scowled at me and lashed out, "Well, maybe if you weren't so,"

"Useless?! I didn't ask to get born this way and into this mess! If you want to throw your useless blame on someone, how about you put it on my neglectful mother who ghosted me when I was little, and on you who is the worst father ever!" I shouted without thinking for a second.

"Never speak to the monster without running your words in your head two to three times!" That is my rule, and I just broke it.

Immediately, I regretted every second that I spent uttering those words because of the look of insanity that spiked in Loki's eyes as they shifted red.

"Run!" was the only thought that screamed in my head, but I knew that there was no escape. So I sat still, feeling weak in my knees as my heart pounded while I remembered my father's brutishness.

"You little worthless brat!!" Loki shouted, raising his hand.

Giving me an icy stare, he released a vicious slap in my face, and I could hear a piercing noise buzzing in my ear as the pain ripped through my head, giving me a nasty headache.

Suddenly feeling a warm liquid running down my nose, I looked at my palm, and then a drop of blood landed on my skin.

I was bleeding from my nostril, and that is the pettiest force Loki's hit can get. The truth is, he when easy on me this time. Maybe it was because I had to attend a class in like a few minutes from now.

Throwing Loki a hard stare, I uttered no words to him. Then I pushed the car door open, ran out of the limousine, and headed into the building, ignoring the number of people staring at me.

With my bloodstained hand clapped tightly over my nose and hoodie covering my face, I rushed down the hallway of my school with my head bent.

The instant I turned the corridor and was about to walk down the hallway, a student suddenly crashed into my shoulder with his. 

But I immediately rushed past him since I wasn't looking for another bruise to deal with and continued walking fast down the hall, ignoring the pain in my arm and pretending like I didn't hear him when he shouted after me, "Watch where you are going, you wolfless freak!"

That's so original! If I had a dollar for every time I have heard that stupid insult, I would be rich enough to buy a plane ticket to get out of this shitty city because it's all that I have been dreaming of since I was little. But I'm broke!

Finally, when I arrived at the bathroom area, my mind was too disturbed, and I didn't give the care to stare at the sign on the door and hurriedly pushed it open, rushing inside.

Immediately, I locked the door behind me, and locked it, afraid for someone to walk in on me.




Then I rested against its wooden surface, letting out a deep sigh.

After giving myself a few seconds to calm down, I drew my hand from my nose and then gently touched the tip of my nostril before staring at my thumb.


"The bleeding has stopped," I mumbled, feeling annoyed at the bloodstain on my palm.


Then the hair on my neck suddenly stood when I heard a deep man's voice, "You are in the wrong room."


"Oh shit!" I mumbled beneath my breath with my gaze glued to the floor as it slowly clicked to my mind that I have entered the men's bathroom.


 







###chapter 2
He's my teacher 
 There's nothing weirder than walking into a room filled with male werewolves, taking a shit, or peeing, and I felt my body shut down just by thinking about it.




Even though I haven't transformed into my wolf yet, my werewolf gene is quite active, and I had some of the abilities like quick healing power and the sense of smell. 




But fate decided to screw me up and also make my human gene dominant which means that I was a weak being with no powers of speed, strength, and most of the cool stuff that comes with being a werewolf.




Drawing a deep breath, I realized that whoever I was in the room with, didn't have a scent, and it kind of freaked me out because only alphas could hide their scent.




A couple of minutes went by in silence. Then chills ran down my spine as a cold voice echoed into my ears, "Did you understand what I said, or are you deaf!" 




The arrogance in his tone made me lose it, and I lashed out without thinking, "I heard you the first time. There's no need to be rude, you know!" 




It suddenly became quiet, and I started to panic a bit so I raised my head only to lock gaze with a pair of cold eyes.




In that instant, I was thrown off because he was handsome with his black, silky hair tied up in a bun, multiple piercings on his right ear, tattoo on his neck, and scythe-shaped eyebrows.




Even if I wanted to, I couldn't deny the fact that his roman nose, half-dome cheekbones, sitting above an oaken jaw, and his burly physique made him the most gorgeous man that I have seen in my lifetime.





The first thought that crossed my disturbed mind was if he was a new student because I have never seen him on this campus before.




Sure, I am the kind of person who doesn't have any friends and is someone who spends most of her days hiding from bullies since I am a magnet who attracts them everywhere I go. 




But I would know if a student like him exists on our campus since the omegas in this school are thirsty and horny for guys like him, especially if he's an alpha.





"That's some mouth you have there." He coldly uttered.




Immediately, my face grew pale, and I took a step backward, pressing my back against the door as I stared at those cold red irises of his.




If a werewolf becomes an Alpha, he or she will then have red eyes, and now that his eyes have shifted, I did not doubt whose presence I was in which made my fear deepen into dread.




"I'm sorry for walking in here!" I mumbled, knowing not to push my luck with an alpha. "I will leave now."




My only desire at this point was to get the hell out of there because I already had one intense interaction with an alpha, I needed not another with one more.




"No, stay." He said with his eyes still piercing into my soul.




After years of being ill-treated by the pack and my family, I have become thick-skinned to brutality and a bit too bold for my own good.




But when he told me to stay, or I wanted was to vanish and get out of there because if I get into trouble with him and my complaint is filed in the office and my dad gets called, I can consider myself a 'walking dead,' literally and not in the sense of zombies.




"Please, I didn't mean to walk in here. It was a mistake, and I'm going to leave, like now!"  I mumbled, swallowing my pride and giving in to the feeling of humbleness.




"I said, 'stay!" He said coldly but in a calm tone.




His deep voice made me more anxious to leave, and yet I didn't dare to look away from his face or move, even though I wanted to, desperately.

 

Having nothing but awful thoughts torturing my mind, I watched him approach me.




When he reached me, I squeezed my eyes shut and thought, 'It's only been a few minutes, and I'm already into a mess! My life fucking sucks!'




Here! Wear this." I suddenly heard him saying, and slowly, I opened my eyes, feeling hesitant to do so.




Then I looked at the blazer in his hand and felt dumbfounded because he was handing it over to me.




what the heck was going on? How did we move from him looking so aloof to him handing me his coat? Nothing was making sense to me at that moment.




But Not wanting to offend him, I reached for it and mumbled, "Thank you."




Without replying, he waved his hand to the left and kept his cold eyes fixed on me as his face hardened into a frown.




"What?" I whispered, hoping so desperately that I wouldn't offend him.




Narrowing his eyes at me, he coldly uttered, "You are in my way!" 




At that instant, I couldn't decide if he was a jerk or just was having a bad morning like myself. Either way, I chose not to say anything offensive even though I was annoyed.




"Oh, sorry," I hastily said, stepping away from the doorway and walking past him.




Then I watched as he walked out of the bathroom and slammed the door behind him before staring down at the blazer in my hand.




The fabric looked expensive, and I glared at it for a moment, judging if he was another rotten wolf from a wealthy background.




"Why would he give it to me?" I mumbled, pouting slightly.




The feeling of excitement wasn't something that I knew. Yet, as I continued staring at the blazer, his face suddenly crossed my mind, and my lips uncontrollably curved upward into a grin.




What the heck! I have never felt lovey-dovey over anyone, and the instant I realized what was happening inside of me, I snapped out of my feelings and walked over to the sink.




When I looked into the mirror and my gaze rested on the reflection of the bloodstain on my sweater, I smiled as I mumbled, "Maybe the world isn't full of crappy people after all."




For a couple of minutes, I continued to gaze at the reflection of my face in the mirror and the stains of blood on my skin. 




It was annoying to see even though this was not the first time and not a worst-case scenario as the others have been.




After pulling the hoodie off my head, I turned the faucet on, and then ran my tender fingers through my hair, pushing it back away from my face before slipping a rubber band off my slender wrist and wrapping my hair in a high ponytail with it.




Fairly enough, unlike my half-sister "Luna," I looked nothing like my father with my dainty nose, black eyes, straight hair, and heart-shaped lips. But I did have his fair complexion.




After washing my face for a while, I turned off the faucet and patted my skin dry with a paper towel before gazing at my image in the mirror.




"The bruises are gone," I mumbled, feeling a bit relieved.




Yet, a part of me still hoped that the deep cut on my lip and the red and swollen bruise on my face would have lasted a bit longer to scare off bullies at least so that I can get through school today easily.




After standing still for a couple of seconds just staring at my reflection and realizing how pathetic I am, I lost control of my emotions and suddenly burst into tears, sobbing so terribly that snot was coming out of my nostrils, and I had to sniff them back constantly.




It was an ugly scene and I looked like a mess. Yet, I couldn't bring myself to stop like I wanted to do.




It took a while, but I finally got control back,  suppressed my emotions, and dried my face with a couple of paper towels. Then I took off my sweater and wore the blazer before leaving the bathroom.




It shocked me to see the guy whose blazer I was wearing, standing in the hallway almost like he was waiting for me.





I believed that he was for a moment. But when our eyes locked, he suddenly walked off, leaving me gazing after him in confusion.




'Did he hear me crying my eyes out in the bathroom?' I nervously thought, still staring at him.




It felt humiliating to have such a thought in my head when I suddenly recalled that he was an alpha. But what was even more embarrassing was knowing that he heard me cry because I was an ugly crier.




With my eyes fixed on his broad back, I began walking after him, leaving a distance between us since I didn't want him to think of me as some freak who's stalking him.




But even though I felt a bit uneasy that he and I were heading in the same direction, I couldn't turn around because that was the hallway that led to my class.




The thought of us being in the same room felt a bit eerie and exciting at the same time for some unknown reason. 




After following him for a while, I suddenly stopped, and my face grew pale as I dug my nails into my palm while watching him enter my class.




'There's no way he's a student here and we have a class together!' I thought, staring blankly at the door shutting close after him.




It took quite a while for me to get over the nervousness that I felt, and when I finally overcame it, I approached the door and walked into the classroom.





With my focus solely on the tiles, I made my way to a desk in the back row. Then I sat down, keeping my head bent.




After a brief silence in the room, I finally heard, "Hello, everyone. I'm Nero Fang, and I'm your new instructor."




Nothing felt surreal like this moment as I gazed at him and screamed in my head, 'He's my teacher?!'














###chapter 3
Thirst
For several minutes I tried to not stare at Nero. But of course, I ended up doing that a couple of times and felt annoyed that I was doing so. 




But every time his voice echoed into my ears, I felt a strong sensation, almost like I was drawn to him.




No! It was like a part of me was drawn to professor Fang, and I couldn't put it in words, but something about him just kept me nervous and yet aroused.




It was the weirdest feeling and yet, I was drowning in it each time our gaze met or I heard his voice. 




My eyes kept dragging back towards his lips each time I pulled them away from him, and when Nero locked eyes with me, I swallowed hard even though it wasn't quenching the thirst that I felt.




A couple of minutes into the lecture, I began to notice that my classmates were staring at me, and not in the usual provoking way.




Their stares were pissing me off. But I sighed only, knowing one word for me and I would have dug myself a six feet hole for them to bury me in it.




So I did what I always do to take my mind off things. I took out my copybook and started sketching terrible drawings of my classmates, striving to maintain my calm expression although my anger was growing like a rising storm that I couldn't control.




Even after distracting myself by doing more sketches, I could still feel their eyes on me, and I felt like I was on my last straw.




Fueled by my rage which always makes me act like a daredevil, I stood up, sluggishly stuffed my things back into my bag, and then gazed at Nero.




"Can I be excused from class!" I boldly uttered, gazing at him.




"No!" Nero stated without hesitating as he arched his eyebrow.




"But"




"Look, I don't need a disruption in my class, and I don't care what excuse you have! You can not treat my class like the street by leaving and coming into this room at any time you please! So sit back down!"




Hearing the faint giggles echoing in the room, I felt the weight of embarrassment smashed against my shoulder, and I gazed down at the tiles, breathing in deep to suppress the storm that fought against my control to be let loose.




Why is he acting like such an ass! I get that he has a reputation to uphold or whatever. But all I was asking was to leave his class, and he was acting so difficult about it.




"You heard the lecturer! Sit back down, you weirdo!" Someone shouted from the back.




"What a freak!" Another jerk shouted.




 Laughters echoed in the classroom, and I stood there taking it all in like always even though I wanted to shut them up.




 "You think you are so funny with your stupid ass jokes! Well, newsflash, you are not, so shut up!"  Nero harshly said, and my face went blank.




Now, I didn't know if it was okay to call him a scalawag or not because it seemed like he was actually standing up for me, and no one had ever done that for me in my life.




It took a few seconds, and then the class grew silent. But Nero was still staring at me, and I couldn't take my eyes off him, almost like a force was keeping me from looking away.




"Sit down! I won't tell you again!"  Nero said, frowning at me before staring the other way.




Annoyed by his tone, I threw my bag over my shoulder and harshly uttered, "And if I don't?!"




"You can leave and drop my class because if you think about staying here and upholding such an ill-bred attitude, expect an F at the end of the semester." He uttered without even looking my way.




The sudden silence in the room left me feeling more embarrassed to sit down, even though I knew I had to because my father would kill me if I failed a course again.




"Please take your seat," Nero suddenly said, meeting my eyes again.




Then he focused on the tablet in his hand and calmly uttered, "Okay, everyone, turn to chapter five of your textbook."




After a few seconds of hesitation, I carelessly dropped my backpack on the desk and rested my head on my bag, shutting my eyes.




At that moment, I heard a student behind me mumble, "So are we supposed to pretend that Mr. Fang's pants and Blake's blazer are not a matching set?"




A loud groan escaped my lips, realizing that things just got a bit complicated, and I hated it.




When I finally raised my eyelids, I saw that the chair by me was empty. Immediately, I raised my head and darted my eyes around the room. 




Then reality finally slapped me in my face. I had slept through Mr. Fang's entire lecture. Well, this was one way to get on his bad side and have him hate me even more.




But I screwed that thought for a moment because as I turned my head to the front of the classroom, I saw a bitch that I hate so much and her loyal followers.




Her father is a powerful wolf that even my father respected, and I knew not to cross her. 




Since the class was over, the fact that she was still in the room meant trouble was coming my way.




But I kept a calm expression even after learning that, and grabbed my bag, throwing it on my shoulder.




When I got to the front of the class, she blocked my way, yet I kept a calm expression and mumbled, "Good afternoon, Karen."




"Is something going on between Mr. Fang and you?" Karen harshly asked, scowling at me.




"Of course not! He's a new instructor, and according to his introduction speech, he just arrived in the state, so how can there be something between us." 




"Then how did you get his blazer!" 




Keeping silent, I tried to figure out what to say. But one thing I was sure about was that I couldn't tell them the whole truth because I knew that it would only make matters worse.




"I was bleeding, and he lent me his blazer because he knew that my sweater got ruined from the bloodstain on it!" I calmly uttered.




Then I gave a stiff smile and said, "Can I leave now? I need to catch the bus."




Without waiting for a response from them, I walked away. But Karen suddenly grabbed me by my hair and yanked me in front of her.




The pain in my scalp burned badly. But I wasn't willing to show it on my face and make myself look more pathetic than I felt.





Frowning, Karen then stabbed her finger on my chest and said, "You lying bitch! I will give you one more chance, to tell the truth!" 




"I don't know what you are talking about," I mumbled, striving to walk past Karen.




But she kept moving in the direction I was going in while smiling mockingly at me.




"You little hoe! Someone saw you going into the men's bathroom, and later on, Mr. Fang came out without his blazer. Guess who had it on, coming out of the bathroom just a few minutes after he did?" Karen said, putting her hands on her hips.




"Whatever you think happened, it didn't happen," I said, struggling against my anger.




Scowling, Karen hit her fingertip on my chest and said, "Another lie! Do you think we don't know what you are doing by throwing yourself at our instructor! Your father might be our pack leader, but you don't have a shot with anyone here because you are weak and worthless, so you are going for the new guy!"




That's the stupidest assumption I have ever heard! You can't be that dumb!" I blurted out without thinking for a second.




Suddenly, Karen rushed to me and lifted me by my neck, slamming me to the ground before I could get the chance to process what was happening.




Her eyes were blue when I looked into them, and that only happens to werewolves who have taken an "innocent life,"




The blow from Karen's attack left me in a confused state for a second as I lay on the cold tile while the pain tore through my back and my waist.




'I guess I will be spending a month in 'the night' after all.' That was my only thought as I coughed slightly.




Then I raised my gaze and saw Karen and the other girl coldly staring down at me, and I just knew what was coming next.




"I'm going to enjoy this as much as it is going to hurt you!" Karen coldly uttered with a smirk on her lips.




Losing the smug smile, she reached down, entangled her fingers with my hair, and dragged me against the tiles before swinging me towards the desks.




When my stomach slammed into the pointed edge of a chair, I immediately threw out blood before dropping down to the floor.




"Since you can heal quickly, I will make sure to give you enough bruises, so as they take their time to heal, you will remember where your place is, and stay away from professor Fang!" Karen said.




'Why did I have to get the healing part of a wolf and not the strength! Ahah, this sucks so bad!' Was my only thought when I felt Karen's fingers tighten in my hair.




Then I closed my eyelids and allowed myself to drown in the agony as I felt my head slam against the tiles.





"Karen, I think you went too far! She looks hurt pretty badly!" I heard a honeyed voice say, and after listening to the fear in her tone, I forced my eyes open despite the pain circulating in my head.




Although my left eye was a bit blurry, I could still see the anxious look on Karen's face when she said, "Let's get out of here!"




At first, I could hear the sound of footsteps hurrying out of the classroom. 




Then it suddenly grew silent, and the only thought on my mind was, "Dad is going to be so mad if I miss the bus and go home late."




For a moment, I felt numb, lying in my blood, and even though a part of me wanted to lay there for a while until I healed, I knew that I couldn't miss the bus. So I struggled to stand on my feet, and I finally succeeded after the fourth attempt. 




But, within a split second, my legs collapsed underneath me, and I dropped to the floor, hitting my head hard against the tiles.




"Are you okay?!" were the last words I heard before I lost consciousness.




###chapter 4
A good scent 
********Nero POV*******

After stepping on the brake pedal, I pushed the driver's door open and rushed out of the car.

Then I headed over to the back door, opened it, and then reached into the backseat for Blake. When my hand touched her skin, my eyes widened with panic glowing in them because she was burning up.

Once I had lifted Blake from the car seat, I tightened my grip on her arms and legs before racing with her into my house.

A few minutes later, I got in my room with Blake and carried her to the bed, resting her on the mattress.

Her clothes were messy with bloodstains, and I noticed that she was in a lot of pain from the look of distress on her face.

But there was nothing that I could do for her since she begged me when I was carrying her out of the class not to take her home or to the hospital.

So here I was with a student of mine in my bedroom, on my mistress, and taking such a bold risk for someone who I shouldn't be messing with at such a critical time.

An intense growl suddenly echoed from outside of my room, and picking up Jason's scent, I headed out the door, opened it before walking to my closet.

"You shifted," I mumbled, looking back at a gray wolf entering my room.

Then I screw my face into a frown as Jason's started shifting into a human while he growled out the pain of the transformation.

A moment later, I was staring at his bare body, and I sighed out my frustration before tossing a shirt and pants to him.

"I smelled blood and thought something happened to you," Jason replied, sounding a bit angry as he got dressed.

"Why would you think that? Don't you know my scent?" I mumbled, slamming my closet close.

"I know. But I'm trying to adjust to this new territory! You know how dangerous it is for us to be here of all places. But you suddenly made us pack up and come anyway!"

"I told you to stay back with the pack!"

Even though I felt bad for deceiving Jason, I know if he knew the truth about why I decided to move here, he will bug me to stop and go back home.

That's why, for now, all he knows is that I needed a fresh start, away from running the companies and taking care of the pack, but mostly for me to get away from all the bloodshed.

"You are so unbelievable. What beta would I be if I abandon my alpha?!" Jason argued.

"Then stop complaining about the move!" I told him.

It fell silent between us for a moment. Then Jason asked, "Why does your room smell of blood?"

"Because of her?" I replied, staring at the sweat dripping down Blake's face and how tightly her tender fingers had grabbed onto my sheets.

After looking at Blake for a moment, Jason glared back at me and asked with a frown, "Who is she?"

"Well"

"Nero, who is she!"

For a moment, I kept silent, knowing that he wasn't going to like my next words. Then I faced him and said, "Loki Hayes's daughter!"

"Nero, please tell me you didn't just bring home the alpha of the Dark moonlight pack into your home!" Jason firmly uttered, looking at me in disbelief.

"Okay, I won't tell you then."

"Nero! Why would you help a girl like her when you clearly kno"

Frowning, my eyes grew cold as I firmly said, "Watch your tongue, Jason! I'm your Alpha first and your friend last."

"Sorry, alpha. But I don't think you should be messing with Loki's daughter, especially if you want that fresh start that you came here for." Jason said, coldly eyeing Blake.

" I know. But something happened in the classroom, and for some reason, I couldn't resist helping her."

"What happened?"

"S-he, sh..ee"

There was a brief pause, and then I sighed, taking a long look at Blake before mumbling, "Nothing,"

"Nero," Jason mumbled with a touch of concern in his eyes.

 "As you can see, I'm fine so you can leave now."

 "Okay,"

When my beta turned to walk away, I looked at his back and said, "Jason, once you leave the house tonight, don't return until tomorrow."

For a while, Jason hesitated before walking to the door. Then he stared at Blake for a moment and left the room, quietly closing the door behind him.

It was just me and her in the room again, and even though I didn't know what to expect, I knew that Blake was not like us.

I have heard that Loki has a hybrid who's wolfless. But I know what I saw in that class, and it was nothing short of extraordinary. Blake could be a lot of things. But being wolfless is not a part of it.

When Blake suddenly let out a moan, I walked over to the bed and sat beside her, watching her heal just like any other werewolf out there, even more, faster than them.

Within a couple of seconds, her face was without a wound or scar, and I felt nothing short of amazed by that.

After watching Blake for a while, I felt thirsty, so I stood to leave, but I suddenly felt a hand grab onto my wrist, so I stopped and gazed down at her.

"Mr. Fang," Blake mumbled, slowly raising her lashes.

"What is it?" I asked, even though I could tell from her wet eyes and the needy look on her face what she wanted.

"I am hot,"

"I know."

It wasn't strange to me that she would say those words because she had all the signs of an omega about to go in heat. It was no wonder she slept through my entire class. It must have been the effect of the preheat.

"My body feels weird," Blake moaned as her hand tightened around my waist.

Realizing that her irises had shifted into a hazel color of red and yellow as they did back in the classroom, I felt a bit uneasy.

In that instant, Blake began releasing two opposite pheromones, and it was exactly like the scent that I picked up from her back in the classroom.

In less than a minute, my room became full of Blake's pheromones, and even though I was striving to restrain my wolf from reacting to her scent, her pheromones were rising and becoming powerful by the second.

She was making me lose control of my wolf slowly. After a couple of minutes had passed, I suddenly realized that another aroma was mixed with hers and that it was mine. My scent wasn't masked anymore.

"There's a good smell...coming from you, professor Fang," Blake moaned out, fastening her grip on my hand as I tried to pull away from her.

"I'm not your alpha, Blake! You need to let go of my wrist because I'm going to lose myself within a matter of seconds if I stay here, and it wouldn't be good for either of us." I mumbled, pulling her fingers off my hand.

But Blake immediately grabbed my other wrist and softly sobbed, "Help me please!"

Although she was in her first omega heat, yet, she was releasing an alpha pheromones too and was making it tricky to resist her.

Before I could realize what was going on, Blake suddenly yanked me down to the bed, pinpointing me against the mattress and lacking both my wrists in her grips.

Then she leaned toward my neck and bit into it before slowly licking against my neck, causing me to growl out loud.

Her tongue against my skin felt ticklish, and I strived not to react to the excitement I felt from that.

"Wait, Blake! Get off me!" I mumbled, feeling a bit dizzy from her bite.

"But your scent is so addictive, and you taste so delicious. I don't think I can stop." Blake mumbled, staring at me.

Gazing into her eyes, I realized that I wanted this, I wanted her, and I didn't know if I could restain myself anymore.

'Just what is this?' I thought as I stared into her eyes.
An Omega first heat
Resting her palms flat against my chest, Blake looked at me and mumbled, "Mr. Fang, why ain't you doing anything, and just looking at me. Don't you want to touch me too?"




"Hey," I uttered, frowning at her. "What do you think you are doing now!"




"Huh,"




"Trying to dare me, uh?"




Noticing the look of confusion in her ignorant eyes, I drew upward towards her face and said, "I have never felt this way before, especially to a woman because it shouldn't be possible. What did you do to me?"




"What? Huh?"




Nothing happened for a moment as I lay still, staring at her while she pouted at me. 




But when I finally relaxed, I suddenly felt Blake's fingers slowly stroking against my stomach as her other hand pulled up my shirt.




Then when she reached for my trouser button, I hastily grabbed her hand and shifted her to the bottom.




The smell of Blake, the feeling of her so close to me, and the way her fingers traced against my bare skin made me lose it completely.




Relinquishing control of my wolf for a moment, I took the blazer off her and gazed at the sleeveless sheer crop top on her that revealed the shape of her breast and swallowed hard.




Even though I wanted to stop there, I found myself wanting more, and I wriggled my hand into her blouse, brushing against her nipple as I pressed my face against her stomach and inhaled her scent deeply. 




The sound of her soft moan made my wolf go wild and I slid my other hand into her pants, making her wail loudly from the movement of my fingers as they caressed between her legs.




"Professor Fang," Blake softly moaned.




Her voice caused me to take back control for a moment, and when I gazed into her wet eyes, I felt guilty and yet tempted.




Heated by Blake's look,  my teeth started to shift, and I leaned towards her neck, really to mark her. But realizing that I was acting out of lust and not true emotions, I stabbed my fangs into my palm instead, tasting my blood on my tongue.




"Why did you stop," Blake whispered in my ear as she embraced me tightly, sniffing my neck deeply.




Her pheromones are becoming too damn strong for me to continue controlling myself in her presence.




At this point, sweat was now dripping down my forehead, and I felt like Blake was emotionally and mentally bending me to her will.




Knowing I couldn't mark or claim an omega that I had no interest in keeping, I felt that it was unfair to Blake to mark her just to reject her in the end.





So I removed from on top of her and hastily rolled off the bed, dropping hard to the floor. Then I jumped to my feet and ran outside, slamming the door shut behind me.




"Professor Fang!" Blake's voice echoed out from the other end of the room.




Listening to her soft cry, I rested my head on the door frame and mumbled, "I'm not your alpha! You are just confused because I was the first thing your wolf saw when it awoke and got in heat!"




As time drifted by, Blake's moaning began to fade until it suddenly got quiet, and when I realized that she had finally calmed down, I slowly turned the knob and opened the door.




After closing the door behind me, I walked over to the bed and gazed at Blake's calm, sleeping face before heading to the couch and taking a seat on it.




It felt like fate was playing some kind of twisted trick on me, making me meet her the moment I arrived in the state, even though it knew why I was here and why I have never claimed anyone as my mate.




A while later, when I finally swayed my gaze towards the wall clock, I realized that I had been sitting in this exact spot for hours, just staring at her.




Then I dragged my gaze on Blake and saw her hands brush against the sheets, and then her lashes repeatedly blinked.





Suddenly, her eyelids rose, and I sluggishly rested back on the couch, feeling relief that she was back to her normal self.





"Where am I?" Blake shakingly mumbled.




The only thought that crossed my mind after hearing those words was that she had a memory loss and didn't recall anything that happened to her after the accident.




Suddenly, Blake gazed my way, and when our eyes met, I was about to speak when she screamed forcing me to clap my hands over my ears.




"Seriously," I mumbled, scowling at her.




Then I stood from the couch, hardening my face, and walked towards the bed, gazing intensely at her.




"Professor Fang, I..." Blake whispered, barely able to get her words out.




"Do you remember everything that happened today?" I calmly asked, sitting beside her on the mattress.




Darting her eyes away from me, Blake remained silent. But when her cheeks turned red, I already had my answer. Yet, I wanted to hear it from her.




Finally, Blake slightly nodded and mumbled, "All of it."




Both of us didn't utter a word for a while. But after a couple of silent minutes had passed, Blake suddenly looked deep into my eyes and asked, "What do you think happened to me?"




Then she slowly lowered her gaze and mumbled, "Because to be honest, I feel attracted to you in a way that I can't explain." 




"Your wolf imprinted on me!" I said, realizing the moment that those words escaped my lips that things were never going to be the same again.




Biting down on her bottom lip, Blake nervously glanced at me. Then she dropped her gaze to the bed and mumbled, "So what are we?"




"Other than our relationship as a student and teacher, we are nothing." I firmly uttered.





Those words were way too harsh, especially after everything that just happened between us. But they were the words she needed to hear to move on because love wasn't something I could offer her or anyone.





Clutching her fist, Blake looked hesitating, and then she softly intoned, "I thought you said,"





"That your wolf imprinted on me?" I asked, frowning slightly. "Blake, I can choose whether to accept you as my soulmate or not, and honestly, whatever, you feel for me, I don't feel it for you."





Pressing her lips together, Blake raised her head and fixed her sad eyes on me. 





Then she slowly swayed her gaze towards the left and mumbled beneath her breath, "And I'm getting rejected already. Haha, how pathetic can you get, Blake?"




There were a lot of things I was expecting her to say to me, but what she said wasn't what I was expecting to hear and I felt some sense of remorse.




Striving to smooth the tension between us, I sighed softly and said,  "It's not about rejecting you. But"






"I get it! You don't want me! So don't deepen the wound by trying to make me feel better!" Blake whispered, clutching onto her blouse.





"You are still young"





"I'm nineteen! According to the law, I'm an adult!"





"Do you even know what you want!"




It was no doubt to me that she was now pissed because she threw her hands in the air and shouted, "I don't know! But apparently, my wolf believes it's you because it has me having all these stupid feelings for you!" 




"Why do you think your wolf chose me?" I asked, meeting her eyes as I tried to understand what the connection between us was so I could break it.




It grew silent, and only the sound of our breath could be heard as both of us stared deep into each other's eyes.




"I don't know," Blake mumbled.





"Think about it carefully for a moment," I calmly said, placing my finger under her chin and lifting her head to meet my gaze.





"Why me, Blake?" I whispered, 




"Because among them all, you are a lesser douchebag," Blake said as she raised her lashes, gazing into my eyes. "You are the first person to show me some kind of kindness."




Staring into her anxious gaze, I felt a bit nervous, not knowing what to make of what she was feeling or what she said.



Then I withdrew my hand away from her and said, "I'm a teacher, Blake. Being nicer to my students is a part of my job."





With a touch of anxiety in Blake's eyes, she shrugged her shoulders and asked, "Okay, so what does that mean?!"




Silent fell between us, and even though I had not uttered a word, her tears had already begun to pour down her face, and her eyes became dull with sadness.




"I'm indifferent to you. I shouldn't feel uninterested when it comes to my mate." I said, standing from the bed. "I don't feel what you feel, Blake. That's what it means."




When I looked into her teary eyes, the first thought that crossed my mind was to clarify why I felt that way, and yet, when I opened my mouth, no words came out because I didn't want to keep her hope up.





"I hate this moment with everything in me!" Blake whispered, her voice thick with anger.





"You should get some rest," I said, turning away from her. " If you want to freshen up, I have some large shirts in my closet. You can wear any of them."




As I was about to walk away, my wolf instinct kicked in, and I hastily turned around and caught the pillow that she threw at me.





"Why does my wolf have to bound itself to you! I hate your face and you!" Blake screamed, sniffing aggressively as her tears escaped her eyes.




"That's good. Hate me. That's what's best for both of us." I said with a straight face, tossing the pillow back on the bed.




The room fell silent as Blake stared at me. Then when she didn't utter another word, I walked away, and as I was about to close the door, she screamed,  "What an ass!"




Something about the way Blake said those words sent a dull throb through my heart as I slammed the door shut and let go of the knob.




'What kind of sick joke is fate playing on both of us!' I thought, gazing at the door before walking away.













###chapter 5
A wolfless Bastard
********Luna POV********




This mansion has never been so irksome and loud as it is tonight, and it is all because of my bastard sister.




Since she decided to run away from school, my father has been acting up and having everyone's heart up in their ass.




From the day I could remember, I never liked her. But now, I despise her even more and I don't care if she never returns home. That way, she would be doing all of us a favor.




I mean, what's the use of having a useless sister who can't even transform like everyone else, even though her faults do me more good than harm.




It grew silent for a moment. Then my father robust tone suddenly vibrated through the walls, and I covered my head with a pillow, hoping that would make me deaf and save me from this torture.




Then a sudden knock on my room door forced me to yank the pillow away from my ear and threw the blanket off me.




Annoyed, I marched over to the door and opened it, frowning at Rebecca, our in-house maid.




"Say something sensible or get punished for disturbing my peace!" I uttered, crossing my arms.




"Milady, your mother requests your presence in the dining room to have dinner with our Alpha and her!" Rebecca said with her head bent.




Drawing in a deep breath, I shut my eyes for a moment, knowing very well that dinner would be a disaster. But what mother wants, mother gets, so I knew to obey her fully.





When I arrived in the dining hall, it was quiet, and I stared at my father, seated at the table, glaring at the maids as they served him his food.





When they got done, he leaned forward, took a sip of the soup, and then his face hardened.





"You call this food!" My father screamed, pushing every single dish off the table.





Immediately, my heart pounded in my chest as the sound of plates shattering and bowls breaking echoed in the room.




With a hint of burning rage in my father's eyes, he kicked the chair to the floor and roared, "Am I paying you fools to serve me trash!"




Quietly, I walked over to my seat and then locked eyes with my mother. But she said nothing, and even though my father was fearful, my mother was the one I fear the most.




Although both my parents shower me with love and affection, it was because I was their pride and joy, the child who turned out perfect, just as they had hoped.




Growing up and seeing everything that Blake had been through, I wasn't planning on being the disappointment that she was, and fortunately, fate was on my side, and I'm exactly what my dad thought Blake was going to be, a brutal wolf who can carry on the family legacy.




After pacing around a bit, my father's scowled and harshly mumbled, "Where the hell is she! Her scent can't just vanish without a trace!"




His voice was so thunderous, that none of the servants dared look him directly in his eyes. Instead, they kept their heads bent with their hands clapped to their sides while they humbly stood in the room.




The truth is, my father still has hope in Blake that's why he still kept her around, and that's why I feel extremely pissed right now because I, his perfect daughter is right here, and he's worked up over a nobody.




Enraged by the look of anger in his eyes, I glared at him and harshly said, "Daddy, why are you being stressed up for something so worthless like Blake!" 





"Shut up!!" My father intoned, giving me a cold stare.





Even though he is my father, the fact that he is the alpha of the pack outweighed that, and I immediately sealed my lips together.







Gracefully placing her teacup on the table, my mother looked at him and calmly intoned, "When you find Blake, what punishment do you plan for this absurd behavior of hers?"





Even though my father was the alpha, his wife came from a line of powerful gammas, and most of the members of the pack respected her, even more than him, that's why my father wants Blake to be powerful, and my mother knew that, so did I.







Since Blake is his illegitimate child, he felt like if she got mated to someone influential, that would increase his standing in the pack. 





But Blake getting mated to someone powerful was a chance in a million.




I mean, which alpha would find a wolfless hybrid attractive? It's just simply impossible, and I am glad that it is that way.




Imagine if she was a competitor. Since there can be only one star shining in this house, I will have to cut her light off.




Even though that's never going to happen, I still feel like killing the life in her eyes just by thinking about it.






It seemed like my mother got sick of my dad not answering her question and saying anything because she suddenly uttered, "If you don't punish her, the others will feel a bit annoyed if they find out you are compromising the pack laws for your daughter."






"I'm not compromising the pack law, Loretta!" My father shouted. "You just have to wait for me to get my hands on her, then you will know what her punishment would be!!"







Picking up her teacup, my mother eyed me, and then I smirked at her as I thought, 'You are, you dead wolfless trash!'  





After calming down a bit, my father picked his chair up and sat down.







At that moment, the door opened and Alaska rushed into the room, hurrying towards him.







"Have you guys found her yet!" My father harshly asked his beta, clutching his fist as he stood from his seat.







"Alpha, we have wolves standing watch at every place we assume that she may go, and wolves are searching for her. But we don't have any leads on her whereabouts." Alaska said, resting his hands behind his back.







A look of anger flared across my dad's face, and with not a single mercy in his eyes, he slammed his fist against Alaska's nose before swinging another hit on his cheek.





Blood dribbled out of Alaska's mouth onto the floor, and dark blood rolled down his nose. 




Glaring at Alaska, I felt entertained by the look of anguish on his face, even though I was annoyed that my father hit him because of Blake.





"Where the hell is she?!" My father shouted in his beta's face.





"I don't know, Alpha." Alaska cried with his head bent, staring down at his blood.





"Find her!" My father whispered, cleaning his bloodstain hands on Alaska's shirt. "Or else, I will need a new beta! Got it?!"





"Yes, master!!" Alaska uttered before running out of the hall.




Deep down, I was hoping with everything in me that they would never find her, and yet, a part of me wanted it to happen just to glare at her face as she took her punishment, knowing that she would always be the wolfless bastard child and nothing more.








###chapter 6
Nothing but my instructor 
*****************Blake POV******************



When the light of dawn shone on my face, I kept staring at the window, annoyed that it was morning already and I haven't fallen asleep like I wanted to do.






Suddenly the echo of a soft knock drew my attention towards the doorway.



 


"Come in," I mumbled, focusing back on the window.






A few seconds later, Nero walked into the room, gazed at me, and said, "Come downstairs to eat. I made breakfast." 






After waiting for a few seconds, I threw the bedspread off me and got out of bed.




Then I stopped in front of Nero, and although I wanted to be mad at him, I didn't know how to act because the flashes of memories from last night kept torturing me every time I stared at his face.




The thought of the way his hand traced against my bare skin caused me to pause, feeling nervous that he might sense that I was getting heated again and that I was yearning for his manly hands to drive me insane like last night.



"An omega heat lasts for four to seven days so if you need my shirt, you can take a few," Nero said, staring into my darting eyes. "Unmated Omegas have many options to get relief"




"Don't!" I shouted.




Then without uttering a word to Nero, I walked past him and headed out of the room.






A couple of minutes later, when we both arrived in the dining room, I frowned at the cereal box, the milk jar, and two bowls on the table. Then I glared at him and said, "You said that you made breakfast?"






"What are you staring at?" Nero calmly uttered, pulling a chair out.






After he sat down, I pouted, and then I took my seat, pulling the bowl towards me as I blurted out, "And here I thought you cooked something fancy, causing my poor heart to beat like crazy because I thought it was sexy that you can cook."




"Sorry to disappoint you, princess." Nero casually said as he pulled his milk into his bowl.






Enraged, I aggressively tossed the spoon into my bowl and harshly said, "Don't call me, princess! I'm not a princess!"




It fell awkwardly silent between us, and I felt my heart sink when I noticed the way Nero looked at me.




"Just please don't call me that," I mumbled, reaching for the box of cereal.






"How did you get your injury yesterday?" Nero asked.






"It was Karen and her stupid followers."






"I know that. I meant the morning we met. You had bloodstains on your hands and sweater."






 A sense of sadness choked me and I felt a bit suffocated as I grabbed the milk jar, opened it, and dumped it into my bowl.




Then I hit the jar on the table and said, "My dad. Thankfully, I can heal faster, so at least my DNA didn't screw me up completely."




Even though I was trying to fight my urge to cry as I took a spoonful of the cereal, as I chomped on it, I felt my tears trailing down my face, and I aggressively sniffed, striving to pull myself together.




Unbelievable! Nero sat there in silence watching me break down and cried my eyes out like some pathetic soul which I was. But still, not even consoling me! How cold can he get!





"I'm sorry," Nero finally mumbled when our gaze met.





"It's okay. I'm used to being the black sheep of the family." I whispered, drying my face with the back of my hand.






The rest of breakfast happened in silence, and after we got through eating, I was about to pick up his and my empty bowl when Nero said, "Leave it. We are running late."




"To go where?" I blurted out without thinking for a second.






"You are a student at the school that I teach at, and I have to get to class and so do you," Nero said, raising his brow. "We need to get you some clothes. You can not show up on campus in my t-shirt!"





The fear that I had long forgotten over the night finally resurfaced and my heart started to be pounded in my chest, violently.





"I don't want to go back to school or home," I mumbled, taking two unstable steps backward.






"Well, that's going to be a problem. I have to take you back. I bet, your family is looking for you!" Nero said, glaring at me.






The air in the dining room suddenly felt suffocating as I tried to breathe, and my breath got shallow by the second.




"Don't take me back." I cried as I tightened my fist, feeling my nails in the skin of my palm.






"Blake, you gotta go home! I can not keep you in my place!" Nero said, frowning at me. "Helping you was just a one-time thing!"






The feeling of panic suddenly overcame me, raising the fine hairs on the back of my neck as I listened to my heartbeat pounding in my ears.






Then I subconsciously took a step back and screamed while crying my eyes out, "He will hurt me, really bad, or worse! Please, let me stay here. I can cook, clean, and I can do whatever you ask of me. I beg you to not take me back to that monster!" 




"You are young! You can't spend your life hiding away in my house!" Nero said as a look of confusion settled on his face while watching the tears pour down my chin.






"Okay, then please help me escape! I promise that once I'm out of the state, I won't bother you anymore!" 






"No, Blake! I came here to get a fresh start and not to entangle myself with you or your family!" 






Hardening his face, Nero frowned and coldly uttered as his eyes turned red, "You are going to school, and that's final!" 






Within a split second, I felt a dominant force awaken in me that I have only started to feel since yesterday, and even though I was still in doubt about it, a part of me knew that it was my wolf.




"I'm not going." I coldly said as my wolf became aggressive.






"Oh, you are!" Nero harshly uttered without taking his sight off me.





Even though I knew that I would never harm a hair on his head, he seemed alarmed, and I felt confused that an alpha will get alerted by me.





A loud cry escaped my lips as I felt a piercing pain in my fingers, and I looked at them.



Immediately, my eyes widened as I realized that my fingernails were transforming into claws, and my only thought was, 'What the fuck!'




The next agony I felt was just brutal, and I screamed, feeling like every bone in my body was dislocating itself and my inside wrenching.




"Nero, it hurts!" I screamed. "It hurt so bad."




"The full moon is around the corner, and your wolf is being triggered by that." Nero softly uttered, "Take in a deep breath, Blake. Breathe." 




Even though I was freaking out and in some severe pain, I fixed my eyes on his as they glowed red, and he commanded, "Inhale in deeply, and then let the air out slowly."





Suddenly, the blistering energy and pain shredding through my body started to subside as I breathed in and out without breaking eye contact with Nero.






A frown flickered crossed Nero's forehead and the glow in his eyes died down as he watched me as I slowly became calmer.






Feeling weak, I dropped to the ground, on my knees, and looked up at him.





"What is happening to me!" I cried as I stared at my claws transform back to normal fingernails.






Without hesitating, Nero rushed to me. Then he squatted and asked, "You are a half-blood, right?"






"Yes," I mumbled, looking into his eyes.






"Half-blooded werewolves usually shift late around eighteen. Some do not shift at all even though their werewolf genes are dominant. But apparently, you are just a late shifter and not wolfless."






"I can shift?!"






Nodding at me as I smiled happily at him, Nero playfully caressed his fingers through my hair and said, "Yes."




For a moment, he looked into my eyes, and then, after a couple of minutes had passed, he held my hand as his eyes shifted red and then softly uttered, "You got to go home."




"But my father hates me and so does my pack!" I mumbled, striving to restrain my emotions. "I asked you yesterday not to carry me to the hospital, and instead, take me to your house because I was afraid of my father finding out that I'm hurt."






Clenching my jaws, I withdrew my hand out of Nero's grip and then said, "He will send me to 'The Night' if I go back, or worse because I have been away from home for a day."





 "Why does your father hate you?" Nero asked after keeping silent for a while.






Giving myself a second to think, I sighed and then mumbled, "Because I'm wolfless... Well, because he thinks that I'm wolfless and worthless."






Smiling at me, Nero locked eyes with me and said, "Right! But you are not wolfless anymore. You are now everything he ever wanted, so"





"So, he has no reason to cast me aside anymore, beat on me, or allow the pack to ill-treat me," I said with a lifeless tone.



For a moment, Nero looked hesitant, and I became a bit hopeful that he might just change his mind and allow me to stay.



 "Yes. Your wolf is awakening, and you need the help of your pack to go through the process successfully because the first time you shift, it's painful and it will take some time for you to get your wolf under control."




"Okay, I'm ready to go back to school and home," 





 Even though I hated every word that I had just uttered, I knew that Nero wanted to get rid of me, and realizing that he honestly didn't want me as his mate, I didn't want to force what wasn't meant to be.






A few minutes after I got dressed at a boutique downtown, Nero drove us into the school parking lot.






After he brought the car to a stop, I took a long look at him as he pulled out his key.






Then when he swayed his gaze to me, I beamed at him and heartily uttered, "Thank you for everything, Mr. Fang!" 






"That's what teachers are for, right?" Nero said, looking into my eyes. "To help their students who need them."






The smile on my lip faded, and I half-heartedly mumbled, "Right."






Then I drew a deep breath and said, "From today onward, I will treat you as nothing but my instructor even though it will be hard for me. Count it as my way of thanking you for your help."







When Nero said nothing, I pushed the car door open and got down, wearing ripped loose jeans and an oversized yellow t-shirt with my hair in a simple ponytail and a black bag on my shoulder.






Without waiting for Nero, I hurried towards the school building while fighting back tears as I thought, 'This is for the best, so you need to get over him! You can do this!'








A Rogue
After walking over to the back of the class, I put threw my bag on the desk, sat down, and relaxed in the seat.







Suddenly a frown surfaced on my face as I stared at Nero walking into the classroom.







At that moment, my gaze rested on Karen as she sat in the seat beside me, and anger spiked inside of me while I clutched my fist.







Suddenly, Karen turned around, gazed at me, and cheerfully said, "Good morning, Blake."







"Have you lost your sense of shame, talking to me after what you did?" I harshly uttered, glaring at her.







A pitiful look settled on Karen's face as she pouted and said, "Someone is moody this morning. Sorry if greeting you was that offensive!"







"What?!" I mumbled, drawing my brows together in a frown.







Then I swayed my gaze at Nero, and he slightly frowned at me. But that didn't stop me from glaring back at Karen, and coldly uttering, " Don't play dumb with me. You know what you did, and soon enough, the school board will find out too!"







Without replying, Karen wrote on a piece of paper, and then passed it to me.







Even though I didn't want to accept it, I took the sheet and silently read it, "I know that you left the campus in Mr. Fang's car, and if you don't want him to get into trouble, you will keep your hole shut!"







It felt like time froze for a moment as I solely stared at Nero, knowing that if my father found out that I stayed at his place, he would hurt him, or worse kill him.







Swaying my gaze off Nero, I took the paper and stuffed it into my bag. Then I frowned and gave the middle finger when Karen turned around and stared at me.





I smiled as I swayed my gaze towards the doorway. But fear ceased my body as I stared at my father. 




Immediately, I laid my head flat on the desk, hiding my face behind my bookbag.







"Running away from home!? You got guts, brat!" I heard Loki coldly uttered. "Are you going to come down here, or should I come there for you!?"




From his voice, I could tell that he was infuriated, and not wanting to test his unstable patience, I stood to my feet.





Struggling to steady my breath and calm the panic rising in me, my eyes unintentionally stared at my father, and fear immediately damaged the calmness that I tried so hard to maintain.







'Calm down, Blake. Once he knows that your wolf is awakening, everything will change for the better. You just have to make him understand.' I cried in her head as she walked away from her desk.







When I reached the front of the class, I stopped before my father, and the moment I met his icy eyes, a sense of distress rushed through me and I clutched my fist.







The entire class grew silent, and I just knew that they all were waiting anxiously for what was going to happen next.







"Dad, I can explain!" I cried out of fear, pushing my nail into the skin of my palm.







Without uttering a word, Loki viciously hit me in the face with the back of his hand, and I lost my balance and dropped to the floor, staring at the blood from my nose dripping on the tiles.





"You little bitch didn't I warn you to stay in line this semester!" Loki shouted as he scowled down at me. 







Raising my head, I gazed into his cold eyes and felt a raw wave of a mixture of anger and fear wash over me as the hairs rose on the back of my neck and my mouth ran dry. 




Then I suppressed it all in and whispered, "I'm sorry, alpha."







"Sorry! Wow! She is sorry!" Loki shouted, folding his fingers into a fist, "Do you know how troublesome it was to look for you!" 







"I didn't mean to stay away from home!" 







"Really! Then where the hell was you yesterday?!"







With tears running down my face, I choked back my cry as I fought against my urge to look at Nero.







Then I drew a deep breath, stood from the floor, and mumbled, "I missed the school bus, and I was afraid that you would get mad at me, so I stayed at a motel."







"A motel?" Loki mumbled in confusion. "How did you get the money to book a motel room?!"







Gazing intensely at me, his face suddenly ravaged with rage as he looked me dead in the eyes and firmly asked, "Who are you messing around with?!" 







"No one!" I whispered, gazing down at my shoes. "I swear that I was alone."







Not holding back, Loki viciously smacked my face, causing my head to veer around to the left, and then shouted, "You little lying bitch!" 







Suddenly, I heard Nero's voice,  "Mr. Hayes, you are disrupting my class! So can you take this somewhere else!" 






"Who the fuck do you think you are to speak to me in such a tone!" Loki coldly said.







Immediately, I looked back at Nero and slightly shook my head, knowing what my father was capable of doing to anyone that dared cross him.







For a moment, Nero gazed into my eyes. Then he looked back at Loki and said, "My bad for speaking out of term."






Clenching his brows, Loki gave him an icy stare and firmly said, "The next time you speak to me in such a tone, I will put a hold inside your chest and rip your heart out! Got it!?"




For a moment, I watched Nero's eyes darken as he nodded, and when I look back at Loki.





"Good!" Loki said.





Then he focused back on me and harshly uttered, "You can forget coming back to school for the next one month."







Although I was striving my best to stay calm, I immediately started to freak out when I heard those words.







"Dad please," I whispered, hearing my heartbeat pounding in my ear. "I don't want to go to that place. I won't go back to that place!"







My gaze unintentionally rested on Loki's soulless eyes, and I swallowed hard as he approached me.







When he was only a foot away from me, he raised his hand and viciously slammed his palm against my cheek.







"Who do you think you are to tell me what you would do and wouldn't do!" Loki coldly uttered.






Frowning, Loki gave me a hard look and said, "I despise having the disappointment of a daughter like you! Maybe a few weeks in 'The Night' will make you learn your place in the pack!"







A deep sense of anger held me captive as the pain from Loki's hit surged through me, and I tightened my fists, lowering my gaze to the tiles.







"I am not going," I whispered, raising my gaze to stare at Loki.







"When I tell you to do something, you do it and shut the fuck up!" Loki screamed, staring coldly into my eyes. "Now, walk ahead of me, and let's go home!"







When I didn't comply, Loki seized me by the arm and yanked me along with him. But I fought back, struggling to pull my hand from his grip.







My action made Loki vex, and he forcefully swung me, causing me to lose my balance and crashed into the wall.







As the pain ripped through my body, I hurriedly crawled into the corner and pulled my knees against my chest. Then I hugged my legs tightly as the blood from my nose dripped onto my jeans.







A sense of hopelessness left me numb shaking, and my heart froze for a second as I ushered my eyelid shut and allowed my tears to soak upon my bloodstained face.







Suddenly, raw anger awakened in me, and I pushed aside my fear as I struggled to my feet.







"I will rather be a lone wolf than stay in a pack that treats me like a piece of shit!" I screamed, looking my father dead in his eyes.





A bitter laugh escaped Loki's lips. Then his expression grew cold as he said, "You don't want to cross that line! Trust me, your ass will be dead within a matter of days!"





"A dead hybrid is better than the one who spent her days in anguish, tortured by the very ones who should protect her!" I loudly uttered. "So go ahead, father, do the honor and denounce me!"







"Don't you dare test my patience!" Loki coldly uttered.







When I didn't react or say something, he let out a loud growl of annoyance and then approached me.







The insanity in his eyes sent chills down my spine. But I kept still with my hands tightened into fists.







"Your stubbornness will be the death of you!" Loki coldly uttered without taking his eyes off me. "You are dead to me!"







Then he turned away from me, gazed at the faces of those in the class, and firmly uttered, "From today onward, Blake Hayes will no longer be known as my daughter or a member of the Dark moonlight pack. From now till forever, she will be recognized by this pack as a rogue!"







After his remark, Loki stormed out of the classroom with Alaska, and for a moment, I looked at his back fade out the door. Then I hung my head and sadly thought, 'What have I done?'



















###chapter 7

Two Separate being
As I stared at Blake, I could tell that she was holding in her breath and fighting back her tears while she gazed back at me.




But I said nothing as I kept gazing at her wet eyes, bruised lip, and bloodstained nose. 

 

Even if I wanted to, I didn't know what to say to her at such a moment.




So I dragged my gaze off her and coldly uttered, "Blake, I think you and your father have disrupted my class enough, so maybe you should take a seat, or get out!"




Feeling her eyes on me, I turned around, and the moment our eyes locked, I paused for a moment and then said, "Did you hear m..."






"I did," Blake mumbled beneath her breath with her gaze still fixed on me.





Silently, I watched as she clutched onto her backpack and walked out of the class, gently shutting the door behind her.

 

For a moment, my gaze remained focused on the doorway. Then I sighed and stared back at the class before casually uttering, "Okay, you guys, turn to page twenty of your textbook. We will be discussing, 'The effect of an Alpha Bite."




After my class time was over a while later, I was about to leave the room when Karen suddenly appeared out of nowhere and blocked my way.




A nasty brat was what she was, and if I wasn't trying to remain low profile so I won't blow my cover, I would have given her a taste of her own medicine.




Seeing that the other students were leaving, I threw her a hard look and asked, "Miss Noble, can I help you with something?!"






With her hands clutched behind her back, Karen smiled as she took a step towards me and softly intoned, "Karen,' will do just fine."






"Take a step back, Mrs. Noble, and stop wasting my time if you don't have anything to say," I uttered, scowling at her as my patience slowly run out.





Karen ignored my words and took another step closer to me, breaking the space between us, and whispered, "Is it hard to say 'Karen,' or is it only Blake that you talk informally to?"




"Let's catch up on this little chat when you have something useful to say to me," I uttered, struggling against my wolf.

 

For some reason, it was becoming aggressive towards her, and I didn't want to keep up this chit-chat for her safety.






So I walked past her, and when I was about to head out of the door, Karen shouted, "Do you like Blake!?"

 

 

Without any doubt in my mind, my answer to her stupid question was, "No." But it wasn't just to Blake. It was an answer to any question that involves me being drawn to someone.





Stopping at the doorway, I felt annoyed as I strived not to clutch my fist. Then I turned around and said, "Great assumption, Miss Noble. But no, I don't like Blake!"






"Then why did you help her!?"






"Because spoil brats like you think it's okay to trample on those weaker than you. So yeah, I had to help her because of your nasty behavior to her."




"I take it that Mr. Fang doesn't like me." 

 

Of course, I don't like you, Karen. You are a nasty bitch. But your father is not someone I want to cross right now since I didn't want anyone digging into my past.




Without replying, I tried to leave but Karen suddenly shouted, "I am sad that you don't like me!"




Sighing heavily, my feet remained stuck to the tiles as I shut my eyelids, striving to suppress the sense of annoyance I felt.






Then I raised my lashes and said, "I don't hate you, Miss Noble. It will be wrong of me as your instructor to do so." 






"That's good because I want you to like me, but not just as your student," Karen uttered.




Without saying a word, I walked out of the classroom, shutting the door behind me. 






When I reached the driver's door of my car, I froze as I gazed at Blake, squatting against my vehicle with her face buried in her palms.






"You must be shitting me!" I mumbled in annoyance, rubbing my brow.






Then I realized that she had no scent, and a thought suddenly crossed my mind, 'Did she mask her scent?... She did! What the heck! I thought only I and other alpha can do that!'






Slowly, Blake raised her head, looking up at me with her irises hazel. Then went I focused on her face, she cried, "I got nowhere else to go." 




This was bad. She and I are not supposed to go this far. We shouldn't be entangled with each other because she could blow my cover easily with her identity.





"Helping you was a one-time thing, Blake!" I mumbled, feeling kind of pissed at this point.






"I know. But I'm begging you to help me for only a few days, and after I figured out things, I will leave and never look back. I swear." Blake cried.






"No."






It grew silent between us, and I felt angry as I gazed into her eyes. Then I sighed out my frustration and said, "Now, get off my car."






"No," Blake sharply uttered with a hint of stubbornness in her eyes.






Knowing that her wolf was in control, I frowned and lashed out, "Why do you only show up when it comes to me! You could have done her a lot of help with her father."






When Blake didn't answer, a bitter laugh escaped my lips as I rested my hands on my hips and stared at the blue sky.






Then I glared at her for a moment before firmly asking, "What do you want from me!?"






"To stay at your place for a couple of days," Blake said with an innocent expression.






Without giving her a reply, I reached down and yanked her to her feet. 

 

Then I tried to pull her away from my car. But she yanked her hand out of my grip and slammed her back into the door when I unintentionally let go of her wrist.






"Are you okay?!" I hastily asked, feeling concerned by the look of hurt in her eyes.





"I will die if you don't help me!" Blake cried, staring solely into my eyes. "You heard my dad! As a weak hybrid who is now a rogue, members of the pack wouldn't spare me since I no longer have my father's backing anymore!"






"You are dragging me into a mess that I don't want to get involved in, Blake!" 






"I promise not to leave the house. The fact that my dad didn't find me last night, means you have your house protected, right?"






"Yes. There are herbs planted in the yard that prevent outsiders from picking up the scent of those in the house." 






"Okay, so my dad and others wouldn't know where I will be, and you wouldn't get in trouble. Please, instructor Fang."






"I said, 'no! Your father is not a wolf that I want to cross paths with ag"






Holding back the rest of my words, I frowned and thought, 'Again. The last time it happened, things got bloody pretty fast, and uglier than I intended for it to go.'






It grew silent as Blake took a long look at me. Then she softly sighed and mumbled, "Fine. I guess you too are okay with me dying."






When she smiled at me, I could tell she was hurting as she said, "I get it. At least for the best part, it was nice meeting you, Mr. Fang."






Even though she did her best to keep the smile, her eyes gave her away, and the look of devastation in them ached my heart, and I sighed, realizing that I was about to mess my life up.






"Two weeks. Afterward, you are on your own." I half-heartedly said, noticing that her eyes were getting watery.






Staring at me, she softly sniffed and then widened her smile, nodding slightly.






"Get into the car before I changed my mind!" I told her, frowning at the look of joy beaming on her face.






Without hesitating, Blake rushed around my car and stopped at the front door. Then after I had unlocked the car, she got inside.






A few minutes later, I wore my seatbelt, and I was about to start the car engine when I realized that Blake's eyes were now black.






"Do you have control over it?" I mumbled out loud, although I meant to think it instead.






"Huh?" Blake asked as she swayed her gaze on me.






"Your wolf, do you have control over it?" 






"No."






With a hint of sadness in Blake's eyes, she glanced at me for a moment before hanging her head low and whispering, "To be honest, it's like it has a psyche of its own and does whatever it wants. I felt like leaving school after you humiliated me in class, but my wolf wanted to stay and wait for you."






She is detached from her wolf? It seems like they are two separate creatures instead of being meshed with each other. 




Something like that is unusual and dangerous. But I guess it happened to her because her wolf had been isolated from her for so long.





Turning my key, I started my car engine and slightly frowned as I mumbled in my head, 'What am I allowing into my life!'









###chapter 8
A death sentence 
******************Luna Pov***********

Avoiding the sunlight, I rolled over in bed, and kicked the blanket off me, pissed over the fact that Alaska suddenly ruined breakfast this morning to inform my father that he got news about Blake.

Immediately, dad abandoned his food and left the dining hall like that bitch was worth something to him.

Since he left the villa with Alaska, we haven't gotten any news yet, and it felt a bit odd since a couple of hours had passed already and he should have been back with his bastard by now.


A sudden loud knock on my room door forced me to open my eyes, and I swear whoever was at the door, woke up and chose not to live another day because a second later, I heard, "Bang! Bang!"

Enraged, I sat up, resting my back against the headboard as I turned my head to stare at the door.

"Who is it?" I shouted, feeling hesitant to leave the bed.

"It's me, James. Milady, Our Luna requested your presence in the dining room," James' voice echoed into my bedroom.

"What for?"

"You are summoned to have lunch with her,"

Time had flown by way faster than I realized, and even though I wasn't in the mood for food, I forced myself to leave my bed and walked towards the door.

The moment I stepped out of my room, James hastily bowed his head, and I scowled at him before walking past him.

When I reached the dinner hall, Mother was standing beside father's seat with her fingertips tracing against its wooden frame.

"Why? Are you thinking about snatching it from him?" I mumbled, drawing a seat out.

Then I sat down and watched a frown cross her face as she stepped away from father's chair and said, "Of course, not. What's the use of doing so?"

A smirk curved on my lips as I gazed down at my steak and then picked up my fork and knife.

"Your wolf hasn't become attracted to anyone yet?" Mother suddenly asked, and I immediately dropped my utensils.

Then I glared at her, and she harshly uttered, "Why are you staring at me like that. If you want to have a strong standing within this pack and prove your worth, you need a powerful alpha as your back!"

There it was! The one thing that makes me a bit similar to my half-sister! I haven't found my soulmate, yet, and the pressure my mother put on me to do so is irritating.

But she's right, as an omega, I will need an alpha, if I want to take over the pack one day since my mother couldn't bear my father an alpha son as he ordered her to do

"I will, mother," I mumbled, losing my appetite completely. Then I slightly pushed the plate away from me.

Gazing into my eyes, my mother didn't speak for a moment, and then she said, "Karen's brother is an Alpha wolf. Maybe it's time that you two meet and see if your wolves agree with each other."

"He's a dick, mother!" I blurted out in anger.

"Language, Luna!"

"Sorry to say, but Killian is an as donkey. And"

"This is not a plea, Luna! It's an order!"


Just like that, I was about to get paired with the worst douchebag ever. Sure, his wolf is crazy powerful. But he has been fucking human prostitutes and slaves in the pack for years because he thinks it's funny and entertaining.

There is no way my wolf would want to bond with that piece of shit. But for now, I will allow my mother to get what she wants until I see someone compatible with my wolf and statues.

"Are you not going to eat?" Mother said, giving me a warning look.

Of course, I didn't want to pick up those damn utensils again. But mother's patience wasn't something to test. So I picked up the fork and in that instant, my mother mumbled, "Your father is home."

Immediately, my mother stood to her feet, and I did the same after picking up his scent.

Both of us rushed upstairs, following my father's scent, and then we walked into his and my mother's bedroom.


The quietness in the room suddenly ended when a vase smashed into the dresser mirror, shattering it into pieces instantly.

A look of great bitterness swept across my father's face, and with a murderous gaze, he balled his fingers into fists.

"As the alpha of this pack, a behavior like this is going to make your inferiors think you are weak," my mother calmly intoned as she walked further inside.

But I stayed close by the door because my father's temper could escalate anytime and it was best for me that my mother was the one in front of him when it happens.

"Do you think me getting angry over that brat leaving the pack is a sign of weakness!" My father harshly said, swaying his gaze on my mother as she stopped in front of him.

So, so many things I anticipated would happen when Blake gets found. But her banishing herself from the park was never one of them, and it messed with my mind for a moment.

"Blake did what!?" My mother harshly asked.

I guess she too was just as shocked as me that Blake chose to execute herself in such a manner.

"She forced me to denounce her in front of her entire class." My father said, sounding more enraged with every word he uttered.

I knew that Blake was bold, a bit too bold for her own good. But this was not bold act! It was pure, undeniable stupidity.

Keeping a blank expression on my face, my heart leaped for joy as I softly asked, "So, is she now a rogue?"


"That's what she wants!" My father harshly said. "She doesn't even know what she is getting herself into!"

 


For a moment, my mother calmly stared at him. Then she walked over to his back, rested her palms on his shoulders, and gently massaged them.

 


"So, are you going to call a pack meeting?" My mother whispered into his ear.

 


Immediately, my father pulled away from her, and then glared at her before coldly uttering, "Why should I call a pack meeting, Loretta!?"

 


"To officially denounce Blake, of course!" My mother said and I heard no remorse in her tone.

 


For a while, my father took a long look at her with anger glowing in his eyes. Then he unclenched his fists and coldly uttered, "You know what happens to the rogue of this pack, and you want me to do what?! Do you want me to sentence my daughter to death!?"


"You have already done it when you told all her classmates that she's not your daughter or a member of the pack. Words spread like the wind, and soon, everyone will know. Withdrawing your words now will make you look like a weak alpha." My mother firmly said.

When I looked at my father, I could see in his eyes that he was hesitant, and it had me questioning if he was going to do it or not.

 

 

 
A familiar and strange scent
********Blake POV**********

Noticing the supermarket from a distance, I busily tapped Nero on his shoulder and shouted, "Can you stop at 'Greenland?!"

"No!" Nero shouted back, glaring at me for a second as though he was annoyed that I was distracting him from focusing on driving.

"Please!!"


"Why?"


Saying the reason out loud in my head sounded a bit embarrassing. So I chewed on my bottom lip, darted my eyes away from him, and then mumbled, "Forget it,"


Sighing, Nero suddenly made a U-turn and drove into the parking lot of the supermarket.


Then he stepped on the brake before looking at me and blurting out, "Are you in need of Sanitary pads or something!?"


Even though I wanted to chuckle, I suppressed my laugh and didn't look at him because from his voice I could tell that he was upset with me.


"No, that is not what I need," I mumbled, screwing my face into a frown. "You know what, let's just forget about it."


"Blake, what do you want?" Nero asked a bit calmer this time.


Hesitating for a moment, I swayed my gaze toward him, looked into his eyes, and said, "Groceries. I thought it would be nice to make dinner tonight as a way to say, 'thank you, for allowing me to stay with you."


Without uttering a word to me, Nero drew a deep breath. Then he sighed and said, "Give me your list, and I will get them for you."

Even though I hate to admit it, I can see why my wolf is attached to him. He can be a nice guy when he isn't being an ass.

Without wasting a second, I quickly unzipped my bag and took out my notebook and pen.

Then I intensely gazed at him and asked, "Alright, are you allergic to anything?"




"No," Nero calmly uttered. "Can you hurry this up?"


Pouting, I lowered my brows, opened my notebook, and started writing into it.


After a couple of minutes had gone by, I handed him a piece of paper, and for a moment, Nero blankly stared at me.





Then he took it out of my hand, looked at me for a second before staring at the paper and reading out loud, "Beef tenderloin, Salt and pepper, Olive oil, Onion, Garlic, Prosciutto, Yellow mustard, Puff pastry sheet, Eggs, spice"





"I thought you wanted to get done with this, so why are you reading the list instead of getting them!" I muttered, feeling a bit ruffled.





"What are you going to do with all these?"





"Cook dinner!!"





With a look of doubt in his eyes, Nero frowned and said, "Do not make me waste my money, and you end up dirtying my kitchen just to make something awful!"





"What! You don't think that I can cook!" I lashed out. "Well, you will be surprised to know that I have been in the kitchen since I can remember! I had to if I wanted to have something in my belly!"





The atmosphere grew quiet as Nero's expression softened. Then he unlocked the door and got out of the car without saying another word to me.





A couple of minutes went by after I watched Nero walk into the supermarket, and when I started to feel a bit aggravated that he wasn't back yet, he suddenly walked out of the building with four plastic bags in both of his hands.


As he approached the car, I recognize the scent of a group of students from my school nearby, and Karen's note instantly crossed my mind.

Immediately, I squeezed myself down on the car floor and pressed my forehead against my kneecap.

Then this unexpected rushed of dominant force took over me, and I instantly lost custody of my body, and my wolf took over, and all I could do was let it happen.

Within a slip second, my scent faded, and I finally realized that she was trying to protect not me but Nero since if any one of them pick up my scent in his car, we will both get into some deep shit.


After a few seconds of silence, I heard Jimmy Carter's voice, "Hey, Mr. Fang. Do you need help with that?"





Then shortly after, Nero shouted back, "Hi, Jimmy! It's fine! What wolf will I be if I can't carry four bags of groceries! Thank you for offering though!"


"Okay, tomorrow then."


"Yes! See you in class tomorrow."


A while later, the back door suddenly opened, and then Neron sat the bags on the seat. As he was about to close the door, he frowned as he stared at me squatting on the car floor.


A sigh escaped his lips and he slammed the door shut. Then a minute later, he got behind the steering wheel and mumbled, " They are gone. You can get up now."


After a brief pause, I woke from the floor and sat back on the seat, tugging a few loose strings of my hair behind my ear with my gaze focused on the tinted windshield as I tried to pretend that I didn't feel embarrassed.

Shaking his head, Nero continued staring at me even though I refused to meet his gaze. Then he finally said, "You can mask your scent?"

"Well, my wolf does it," I mumbled. "She takes control whenever she wants and does whatever she wants with my body, and I don't have the slightest control of any of the things she does, even though I'm in the know about it."


The car grew silent for a moment, Without saying a word, he leaned over towards me, and rested his palm flat on her thigh while reaching on the car floor with his other hand.


"What are you doing?" I mumbled when his hand stroked against my jeans.


"Getting this," Nero said as he raised his head and gazed at me.

But my eyes were directed to where his hands were, and he followed my gaze, looking at his hand, pressed against my thigh.

"My bad," Nero said, hastily pulling his hand back.

After sitting straight in his seat, he unfolded the piece of paper and silently read it, "I know that you left the campus in Mr. Fang's car, and if you don't want him to get into trouble, you will keep your hole shut!"

The stupid piece of paper must have dropped from my bag when I was taking out my notebook and I didn't even know it did.

"Is this why you lied about staying at a motel to your father?" Nero asked, looking at me.





"Huh?" I mumbled, striving to calm down my pounding heart.





Then I took the paper out of Nero's hand and looked at it for a moment before tearing it up into pieces.


"Kind of, and it's also because my dad is a crazy maniac who would have hurt you pretty badly or worst, kill you if he knew that you helped me disobey him. I learn from past mistakes." I said, feeling a knot in my throat.


Both of us didn't speak for a while as Nero continue to gaze at me. Then he suddenly looked away, started the car engine, and drove out of the parking lot.





The rest of the ride to the mansion was filled with awkward silence, and when Nero and I finally walked into the hallway of his home, I felt like I could finally breathe freely.




"You should go upstairs and freshen up. I will take these to the kitchen." Nero said as he stared my way.


Nodding slightly, I gave him a faint smile. Then I rushed upstairs, trying to escape the awkwardness between them.

When I got to Nero's room, I shut the door, rested back on its wooden surface, and thought, 'Am I being too open about my life with him?'


Then I slid down to the floor, brought my knees towards my chest, and cried in my head, 'Of course, he's uncomfortable with me. Anyone would be if they hear about my life '


But those thoughts quickly vanished from my mind because being in his bedroom again felt like walking back to the scene of a crime that I committed, and it took only a second for memories to disrupt my mind and keep me hostile in my feelings.

The entire room had his smell, and when I gazed at the bedsheet, flashes of images took over my mind, and I lost myself in my head.

My body immediately started to feel excited and I felt a bit wet between my legs.

An omega heat lasts for four to seven days. That's what Nero said, and now, thinking about it, I realized that being in a house full of an alpha scent wasn't the best for me at such a moment, especially since that alpha has rejected me.

After taking a moment to think, I walked away from the door, ignoring the heat I felt, and dropped my bag on the floor.

Then I headed into the bathroom, got undressed, and stepped into the shower, allowing the warm water to beat upon my skin.

As I closed my eyes, feeling the wetness of the water washing against my body, my mind tortured me with memories of Nero's touch, the way his hands caressed against my clitoris and nipple, and the sound of his voice, and immediately, I opened my eyes, drawing a long, deep breath.

"This is bad," I whispered, resting my head against the glass.

After leaving the shower a while later, I walked back into Nero's room, took a moment to dry my hair, got dressed into a black comfy t-shirt of his, and sluggishly sat on the bed.

Suddenly, I picked up a scent other than Nero's. It was a familiar scent, even though I didn't know who it belonged to, and knowing that a strange wolf had entered the house made me feel a bit uneasy, and I could sense my wolf getting alert.
Is it lust or something else 
***************Nero Pov************

As I walked past the living room, I screwed my face into a frown when Jason suddenly sped from behind me, crossed in front of me, and stepped in my way.





"You should go upstairs and freshen up. I will take these to the kitchen! Seriously! What the hell happened last night to get you two acting like mates?" Jason lashed out, frowning as I walked past him with the bags.





But he kept walking behind me until we got into the kitchen and stopped in the doorway.


"Did you mark her?!" Jason blurted out. "Or did you fuc"




Frustrated, I sluggishly dropped the bags on the counter, turned around to stare at my beta, and said, "No, Jason, I didn't mark her, neither did I mate with her. She simply needs a place to stay for two weeks"




"Two weeks! You are allowing Hayes's daughter to stay here for two weeks! What is wrong with you!" Jason lashed out.


A sudden sense of rage stirred up in me and my wolf awakened, and immediately, Jason sealed his lip, lowering his head.


"She's not Hayes's daughter anymore," I said, signing heavily as I restrained my wolf.




"What?!" Jason blurted out, looking at me with wide eyes.




"He denounced her today. That's why she needs a place to stay."





"So, she's a rogue?"





Seeing the frown on Jason's face, I furrowed my brows and mumbled, "Yes. So for two weeks, she is going to be staying here. If you don't like it, then find yourself a hotel to stay in until the time is over."





"You are kicking me out because of her!?" Jason asked, crossing his arms.





"No, I'm asking you to spare me the drama and leave for my peace of mind if you are not going to get along with her."





"You have known me from the time we were young cubs! How long have you known her for?"





A vortex of energy swirled inside me as I roared, "What do you want me to do, Jason! Toss a nineteen years old wolf on the street and leave her to get brutally killed by her pack?! Huh! Is that what you want?"





The kitchen suddenly fell silent when Blake stopped at the entrance and gazed at Jason before staring at me.





For a moment, Jason glared at Blake. Then he suddenly growled at her as his eyes shifted yellow and shouted, "Take off his clothes, you filthy"





"Jason, back off and stop!" I commended, meeting his icy gaze.




There was a brief pause. Then Jason shoved his hand into his jacket pocket and walked past Blake.





"Where are you going?!" I yelled after him.




"To book a hotel room!" Jason coldly uttered as his footsteps faded down the hallway.


When the front door slammed shut, Blake's eyes flinched, and I could tell that she was holding back her breath as she looked at me.





The silence in the kitchen lasted for a while. Then I said, "I will leave you to do your cooking."





Without saying a word, Blake darted her eyes away from me as she walked into the kitchen.


As I was about to step past her, she grabbed my hand and mumbled beneath her breath, "Do you still have an appetite to eat?"





"To be honest, no I don't," I said, looking down at her fingers wrapped around my hand.





Drawing a deep breath, Blake slowly let go of my wrist and mumbled, "Me too,"





When I looked at her and furrowed my brows, Blake forced a smile and said, "I should put the groceries away before they spoil."





Not waiting for a response from me, she walked into the living room and headed to the counter.





Then she started unpacking the things from the bag while trying not to gaze at me even though I was intensely staring at her.





"Don't worry about Jason. He will come around." I finally said, leaning against the doorway frame.





"Hmm," Blake mumbled with her gaze still fixed on the bag.





It grew quiet as I watched her carry the meat to the refrigerator. Then I hesitated for a moment before saying, "He's just a bit overprotective of me because I'm all that he has."


"A bit!? He growled at me, Nero!" Blake lashed out. "And I didn't even do a thing to him!"


True. You did nothing to him, but your pack did. Grudge from past trauma can be passed on from generation to generation of the offender, and even the innocent ones connected to them suddenly become a villain in the victim's eyes.

After stuffing the things into the refrigerator, Blake looked at me with anger glowing in her eyes as though she was waiting for me to give her a better excuse for Jason's behavior.

When I didn't speak, she walked out of the kitchen, leaving me staring after her.

What the truth was, it was something that I couldn't tell her, not now, not ever.

Thinking about it now, maybe it's the reason I feel so sympathetic towards her because I regret some of what I did in the past.

After I heard Blake slam my room door shut, I sighed and headed upstairs.

When I arrived in the guest room, I went into the bathroom, stripped, and hit the shower.

After a long bath, I came back to my room, wearing only a towel around my waist, and headed to the closet.

Once I had gotten my hands on some clean t-shirt and sweatpants, I tossed the wet towel on the chair and got dressed.

Then I crawled into my bed and shut my eyes, giving in to sleep.

A strong scent of pheromones forced me to raise my eyelids, and I reached for my phone on the bed stand.

When I turned the screen on, I realized that it was twelve o'clock, already morning.

Lying wide awake in bed, I darted my eyes around the room before rubbing my palm against my face and letting out a yawn.

For a while, I ignored all Blake's pheromones, but it was only getting stronger with every passing second.

What the hell was I thinking, letting an amateur omega into my house when she's going through her first heat and transformation, especially when she doesn't have control over her wolf.

The scent was driving me nuts, and at first, I tried so desperately to ignore it. But as it grew stronger, I felt like I was about to lose my damn mind.

Even though I knew what that scent meant, I also knew that there was nothing I could do about it and that frustrated me even more, sending my anger off the chart.

"Damn it!" I mumbled, getting out of bed.

Then I left the guest room, walked down the hallway for a while before stopping at my bedroom door.

"Blake, are you okay?" I asked, gently knocking its wooden frame.

A couple of minutes went by in silence. Then I heard her soft voice, "No,"

It sounds so seductive that I had an erection. But I suppressed it all in and asked, "What are you doing to help relieve yourself."

There was a long pause before she whispered, "Nothing."

Her pheromones were getting so damn stronger, and I knew that I couldn't step into that room or else I would go insane and have her.

"Do you touch yourself?" I asked, rubbing my brow.

"Huh?" Blake said, sounding confused.


Frustrated, I sighed at how naive she was and asked, "Do you masturbate, Blake?!"

"Well," Blake muttered.

Frowning, I rested my palm over my face and said, "Inhale my shirt while doing it. It will help you calm down."

"Okay. But Your scent is not strong on your shirt. So can you stay at the door?"

"Blake..."

"I know. But with you nearby, it's way more helpful."

Just the thought of what I was about to agree to was annoying me, and yet, I said, "Okay."

It was silent for a while, then I heard her soft moan, "Aah!"

Squeezing my eyes shut, I let out a deep breath when she shrieked, "Mmmmh!!"

Then my back rested against the door as I laid my head against it, caging my wolf with all my strength.

"Aah aah!!" Blake screamed, and I drew in another deep breath.


Then she let out an, "ahhh!" almost in a screeching scream, and I slowly inhale.

This was pure torture, and I tried my best not to imagine what she was doing to herself in that room to make her make all those noises.

Finally, her voice trailed off and faded after a couple of minutes had passed, and she became quiet.

"Blake," I called out, wondering if she had fallen asleep after a few seconds had gone by.

When she didn't answer, I walked away from the door, headed back to the guest room, and locked the door behind me.

Then I aggressively ripped my shirt off my body and headed into the bathroom to cool off.

As the water pulled from the shower with force, beating upon my skin, I rested my head against the glass, moving my hand in an up-and-down motion on my phallus.

Then I held it against my stomach and stroked the underside of my shaft quickly with my non-dominant hand, trying to relieve myself.

Never have an omega or anyone made me do this to myself, and as I let out a soft growl, I wondered if I was at the edge of breaking a curse, or if it was just pure lust that I felt for Blake.


###chapter 9
A reason to hate me
********Blake POV*********

When I pushed the guest bedroom door open and walked inside, Nero's eyelids immediately raised and he swayed his gaze to the right, staring at me.

As our eyes locked, my lashes fluttered, and I froze, losing touch with reality for a moment.

What happened last night was extremely embarrassing now that I'm back to my senses.

Knowing that he was on the other side while I moaned that loud made me want to bury my face in a pillow and scream at top of my lungs.

"What is it?" Nero asked, tossing the sheet off him.

Then he got out of bed, and as I watched him walk over to the closet wearing only a boxer my words faded from my lips, and I swallowed hard, unable to draw my gaze away from him.

His burly physique left me speechless, and my entire body jerked to a standstill unexpectedly as my heart pounded and my mind went blank.

"Blake," Nero called out to me, frowning as he looked back at me.

"Huh!" I subconsciously mumbled, snapping out of my feelings.

"When you are done peering, can you tell me why you are here?"

"W-ho sa..y I was star..ing? I wasn't looking at you! There's nothing attr-active on your body... to look at!"

After Neron took a sleeveless t-shirt out of his closet and wore it, he focus on me and sarcastically mumbled, "Right,"

"Seriously, I wasn't!" I whispered as I rubbed my neck, darting my eyes around the room.

When he grabbed his sweatpants out of the closet, he turned around and watched me for a couple of minutes as my fingertips slowly stroked against the skin of my neck.


Then he frowned at me and said, "What else did you come to my room for other than stare at my...?"

"I said that I wasn't staring at your dipstick!" I shouted, pulling my hand away from my neck and tightening my fingers into a fist.

"I was going to say, 'my face," Nero said, raising a brow.

Hastily looking away from him, I focused on the closet mirror and noticed that my face was flushing.

"I don't want to hear a word from you!" I harshly said, scowling at the half-smile on Nero's face.

That stupid smirk on his face told me that he only changed his statement to poke fun at me, and I turned away from him, drew a deep breath, and said, "I made breakfast."

Afterward, I hurried out of the room, feeling annoyed, and hearing his footsteps a few distances behind me only made me more irritated.

When we arrived in the dining room, I froze in my tracks as I watched Jason scowling at me with a look of raw hate in his eyes.

For several moments I stood unmoving, and my limbs went numb with absolute fear.

"What is he doing here?" I whispered, barely able to get the words out.

"I texted him to come." Nero casually said as he took a seat at the table.

Swaying my gaze on him, I opened my mouth to speak. But my words felt stuck in my throat.

After a couple of minutes of trying to get the words out, I finally mumbled, "Why?"

"To watch over you while I'm at work," Nero said with a frown on his face.

"I don't need a babysitter!"

"He's not here to babysit you, but to protect you!"

"Protect me! He's going to end me before you get back home!"

The room became voiceless as Jason and Nero narrowed their eyes at me as though I have said something stupid.

But I know the look in his eyes because I have seen that exact look in others' eyes when they are mad and about to hurt me. So I knew not to overlook such a gaze.

"You are being dramatic. He's not going to hurt or kill you." Nero sighed and said.

"Even though I want to," Jason abruptly uttered without taking his icy gaze off me.

The hair immediately started to tingle along the back of my neck after hearing those words, and I shouted, "That's it! I'm not staying alone with this maniac!"

"Both of you, calm the fuck down!" Nero shouted with glowing red eyes, and the room immediately became mute as I sealed my lips together.

Throwing Jason a hard look, he drew a breath, and said, "Find. You can stay in the yard, and she can stay in the house!"

Jason is a beta, and he doesn't seem like a stable one. So Nero's words didn't make me feel the slightest bit safer.

"I'm still not okay with that arrangement!" I muttered, darting my eyes away from Jason's straight face.

"Blake, please, not now!" Nero lashed out at me.

But even though his eyes told me he was pissed and I felt a bit afraid, I clenched my fists and shouted, "Fine! Leave me with this freak, and have yourself to blame if anything happens to me.'

A frown crossed Nero's face as he slapped the table and yelled, " well, this freak is the only person that I trust to keep watch over you! If I stay here to babysit you and we both go missing from the school, what do you think the damn rumors would be about?!"

Without uttering a word, I pouted, feeling a sense of annoyance mixed with embarrassment eating at me.

For a moment, Jason glared at me, shoved his hands into his trouser pockets, and then mumbled, "I swear on my life that she's safe with me."

It took a minute. Then I swayed my gaze on Jason and half-heartedly uttered, "Well, if Nero counted on you so wholly, then I guess I trust you too because of him."

After a few seconds passed and Nero continued to stay quiet, both Jason and I gazed at him.

But he ignored our stares and started slicing into his meat with a cold expression on his face.

Seeing that he was angry at both of us, Jason and I drew out chairs and quietly sat down. Then we focused on our food while avoiding making eye contact with each other.

A couple of minutes later, I was laying in the bedroom with my gaze centered on the chandelier when a knock drew my attention to the doorway.

"Come in," I mumbled.

After the door opened, Nero walked inside and shut the door behind him.

As I gazed at him, I felt a sense of anger rising in me, and I screwed my face into a frown.

But Nero kept a calm face as he uttered, "Can you make a list?"

"What is Jason's problem with me!?" I blurted out, unable to keep my emotions suppressed any longer.

His eyes darted away from me and settled on my bag. Then he walked toward the rack, pulled my backpack off its handle, and unzipped it.

"I have never met him before so why is he so freaking angry at me!?" I asked as I sat up.

If I was going to get left with some maniac, at least I needed a good explanation as to why he hates me so much.

Maintaining his silence, Nero took out my notepad and a pen. Then he properly placed my bag back on the rack before approaching me.

"Write down your clothes sizes and items you will need for the two weeks you are going to be here, and I will get them for you," Nero said, tossing the notepad and pen on the sheet, in front of me.

The audacity of this man was pissing me off so bad. But even though I knew not to push my luck and anger him twice a day, I still needed the truth.

"What! Are you not going to tell me?" I uttered, ignoring the pen and notepad.

After a couple of silent minutes, Nero sighed and said, "He's not angry at you! He's just overprot"

"Overprotective of you!? Spare me that bullcrap! I can tell from his eyes that he hates, hates me!"

With mad eyes, Nero threw me an icy stare and harshly said, "Can you let this go!"

"Seriously!" I shouted, giving in to my anger. "Is it my father? Does he hate me because of my father!?"

Frowning, I stared at Nero for a moment and then lowered my head as I mumbled, "It's because of him, right? That's the only reason that makes sense right now."

It grew quiet, and even though I gave Nero a couple of seconds to answer me, he didn't.

Frustrated, I raised my gaze and said, "I might be my father's daughter, but his sins are not mine to pay! He has already put me through hell! I don't want to get put back there for something that's his fault!"

"Are you going to write the list or do you plan to live in my clothes for the next two weeks?" Nero abruptly asked with a deadpan expression.

Realizing that I wasn't going to get an answer out of him, I grabbed the pad and pen. Then I aggressively wrote down some stuff on the blank sheet before handing it to Nero.

A corner of his lips pulled upward as he took the notepad from me. Then after focusing on my eyes for a while, he withdrew from the bed and walked away.

The moment Nero left the room, I took a pillow and silently screamed into it as I thought, 'Is my father the reason Jason hates me? Does Nero have a reason to hate me too?"

Yet these questions could only get answered by that annoying guy, and from the looks of things, it seems like he wasn't planning on telling me, and that only felt me more curious to find out what he was hiding.
A perfect coincidence
************Nero POV****************

When I came downstairs, I met Jason waiting for me at the bottom of the staircase.

With my eyes fixed on him, I faintly smiled before walking past him. But Jason suddenly grabbed my arm, causing me to stop in my tracks.


"She's only going to be here for two weeks, right?" Jason asked, pulling his brows together in a frown.

The truth was, I wasn't sure about the answer to that question either, and it annoyed me to know that I was being hesitant to decide.

After a brief silence, I looked at the time on my phone screen and said, "I'm running late for class. So, let's catch up this discussion later."

"Nero!" Jason harshly said.

As I stared at him, his eyes told me that he was mad. But if he knew why I was this considerate to Blake, he would detest me, and I didn't wanted the one person that honestly cares about me to see me as the monster that I am.

When Jason squinted his eyes at me, I sighed and said, "What is it now?!"

The anger in his eyes died down, and his expression softened as he said, "I don't want you getting hurt."

How was I supposed to tell him that it was too late for me to care about my safety and that what my plans are will either land me dead or start a war that have ended centuries ago?

For a while, I stared at my beta. Then I slowly pulled my hand out of his grip and said, "Be nice to her. She's not her father."

Just like me and Jason, Blake was a victim of her father's brutality. But she was also a casualty of my beastliness. So if I was to transfer my anger for Loki onto her, it wouldn't be fair to her, and she would be dead by now.

Honestly, that would be compared to the worst thing that I have done to her in the past.

After opening the front door, I looked back at Jason and said, "I'm not kidding. Don't lay a finger on her."

Even though Jason didn't answer, I walked out of the villa, knowing that he wouldn't.

A while later, I drove my car into the campus parking lot and got out of the vehicle. Then I narrowed my eyes when I saw Karen riding her convertible into the parking lot.

Not wasting a second, I walked away from my car and headed into the building without looking back.

A couple of minutes after I got to class, Karen walked into the classroom and marched up to me.

"Miss Noble, take your seat. I'm about to start my lecture!" I said as I strived to maintain patience even though it was something I didn't have for her.

"Good morning, Nero," Karen said, acting as though she didn't hear a word that I just said.

"Take your seat, Miss Noble!"

"Can you lose up a bit, Nero!"

Holding in my breath, I counted to ten in my head, using every a bit of my willpower not to lose control of my anger.

"Sit! Down!" I firmly said, hardening my face.

The sound of a giggle echoed in the room, and Karen hastily looked at her classmates.

Then she looked back at me and softly uttered, "You should be thankful that you are fucking hot, or else..."

Giving me a soft smile, she twirled her hair as she took a long look at me before walking away.

Once she had taken her seat, I let out a soft breath to try and calm myself.

Then I focused on my tablet and gazed at the words displayed on the screen.

The day went by naturally, and after I got done with my lecture, I left the classroom and headed into the hallway.

After walking a few distances, I hardened my face when I picked up Karen's scent. However, I kept walking, pretending as though I didn't sense her a few steps behind me.

When I got to my car, Karen hurried towards me and then grabbed onto my arm as she mumbled, "Mr. Fang, can we talk?"

"The last time I gave you my attention, you wasted it with useless remarks, so how about you spare me today," I said, yanking my hand out of her grip.

Why of all time, fate decided to entangle me with the wrong omegas and not the one I came here for!

Frowning, Karen slightly clenched her fists and shouted, "Did you hear that they are having a pack meeting today to officially chastise Blake!?"

For a moment, I hesitated, clenching my jaws. Then I turned around to face Karen and asked, "How is that my damn business, Miss Noble?"

"After everyone in the pack knows that Blake is no longer a member, do you know what's going to happen to her?" Karen coldly uttered with a straight face.

When I didn't answer, she took a step towards me and whispered, "She becomes a rogue. And members of the pack are going to hunt her down and kill her. That's the law. No wolf leaves the pack alive."

"As I said before, 'it's not my damn worry!" I said, feeling pissed that she was still bugging me.

Smirking, Karen took a step back and then softly intoned, "That's good. Because it will break my heart to see you get hurt or kill because of her."

The time was twelve-fourteen on my dashboard when I brought my car to a stop in the parking lot of Divi shopping mall.

Tightening my hands on the steering wheel, I glared at the enormous building before me and mumbled, "Let's get this over with."

I swear Blake got me doing things that I don't even do for myself. Is this my redemption price? Taking care of the omega that I have wrong deeply?


A sigh escaped my lips as I pushed the car door open and got out. Then I approached the mall, trying to convince myself not to turn around, drive away, and just let her live in my t-shirt and boxers for the next two weeks.




A while later, I arrived inside the mall, and then my mind went blank when I suddenly realized that I was not shopping for myself, but for a woman.





"Ahaha, I'm regretting this already!" I murmured, unable to suppress my thought anymore as I walked further into the mall with my hands stuck in my coat pockets.





As I walked past stores, I kept looking at the transparent windows, hesitating each time to go inside.





Finally, I stopped in front of a boutique and my feet felt frozen to the floor as I stared at the door.


The clothes display at the window looked impressive, and the mannequin that wore them looked right about Blake's size, so I wanted to check it out.


"Are you going to enter or not!" A honeyed and yet harsh voice suddenly echoed into my ear.


Annoyed by the aggression in her tone, I turned around and frowned as I stared at an attractive woman with ash brown hair, glossy skin, and red lipstick painted on her lips.


The instant our eyes locked, she smiled at me and said, "Hey, I'm Luna."


Immediately, I recognized who she was, and the only thought that crossed my mind was, 'Luna Hayes. What a perfect coincidence!'

Who knew that the omega that I came all this way for was going to bump into me instead of me working my way to her as I planned.















Enemy Territory 
It felt a bit annoying that fate kept messing up my plans, but now that I was staring at Luna, I felt like I was getting back on course.

 Watching her eyes slightly dart left and right, I asked with a straight face, "Do you tell your name to every stranger that you just meet?" 

"No. But I make an exception if that stranger is a hottie like yourself." Luna said with a sheepish grin.

"That's a bit straightforward, don't you think?"

"I don't see the crime in honesty."

Staring coldly at her, I paused for a moment before saying, "I should get out of your way."

Even though she was the one I needed to get closer to, I didn't want to make my intention too obvious, and it was clear from how she was staring at me, I had caught her attention.

"No, stay," Luna abruptly said with a naive expression. "Please."

When I furrowed my brows, she faintly chuckled and mumbled, "I couldn't help noticing that you wanted to enter several stores, but you seem cautious to do so. Do you want to buy ladies' wear?"

Even though I hesitated to say it, I swallowed my pride and said, "Yes."

Meeting Luna while shopping for her sister wasn't part of the plan, and a part of me wanted to ditch our little chat and meet her at an appropriate time.

"Will it seem rude of me if I ask who you are shopping for?" Luna abruptly said with a soft smile on her lip.

Those words caught me off guard and without giving my answer a second thought, I blurted out, "My sister!"

Frustrated with myself, I tried not to show it and kept a casual look on my face as Luna stared at me with a hint of doubt in her gaze.

"Your sister?" Luna asked, raising a brow. "That'sinteresting."

"Yeah, she is my little sister, and she's coming to visit me this weekend. But she refused to carry luggage behind her. So she sent me a list of things to get for her before she gets here." I blurted out before clearing my throat.

Then I swayed my gaze from Luna's doubtful eyes and thought, 'Does she believe me?'

"I can just tell that you spoiled her," Luna said, and I gazed at the wide smile on her face.

Spoil her? Am I overindulging Blake with care? Sure, I'm being lenient to her, but that is because I owe her, and not because I care or anything.  Yet, a part of me felt a bit different, and that was my heart.

"Well, she's the only woman in my life, so it seems logical to pamper her." I casually uttered.

It was the truth and the only logical answer I could think of since that would be a lot more believable than anything else I say.

"Only one? What about your mother?" Luna asked.

Then she suddenly clapped her palm over her mouth as she pitifully stared at me, as though she had finally realized what she had asked me.

"She's dead." I casually uttered.

Talking about my mother doesn't draw out emotions in me because she died when I was only a pup, and although I feel sad, I don't know her, so there's no reason to mourn. But there is a revenge motive.

Withdrawing her hand from over her mouth, Luna pouted and then mumbled, "I feel so awful for asking."

"It's fine," I said, giving her a faint smile.

"No, it's not."

"Mmmh,"

Looking intensely at me, Luna's eyes suddenly lit up, and she cheerfully uttered, "Let me help you shop since it's obvious that you are shy to do it alone."

That was a terrible idea, and I slightly shook my head as I said, "I can't.. "

"Please!" Luna firmly uttered. "It's my way of making it up to you!"

Taking one sister to shop for the other was a bad decision. But then again, I didn't want to leave an awful impression on Luna on our first encounter, so I went against my better judgment and said, "Okay,"

As I was about to head into the shop, Luna suddenly grabbed my arm, softly smiled, and whispered, "Shall we?"

Keeping silent, I led her into the store and approached the front desk.

"Miss Hayes!" The Cashier hastily said, standing to her feet.

Looking down at Luna, I met her eyes and mumbled, "You seem like a famous person."

"Come on. Are you going to continue pretending like you don't know who I am?" Luna said, narrowing her eyes.

Of course, I knew who she was, and I have done my investigation on her. Luna Hayes, a spoiled, brutal princess of her father's castle, and she's the perfect key that grants me access to it.

"I feel like I'm missing something here," I mumbled, furrowing my brows.

"Luna Hayes, the legitimate daughter of the leader of the dark moonlight pack?" Luna said, looking a bit offended that I didn't know her.

"Forgive me for not recognizing such an important figure. To be honest, I am new in town."

"Ahha, I understand now." 

Suddenly, Luna let go of my hand and mumbled beneath her breath, "But what I don't understand is while you don't have a scent."

Just like my identity, my scent needed to stay hidden because Loki knew it, and it would be a disaster if he discovered who I am before I found out the information I wanted to acquire.

"We need to pick up a few clothes," I told the cashier, ignoring Luna's words.

Then I rested my black card on the desk, and immediately the cashier's attitude towards me changed. 

"Oh my. An unlimited black card. I will get our shopper to help you find our store's most luxurious items." She said with a big fat smile on her face.

Ignoring her, I studied Luna, and as she watched the cashier pick up the telephone, she rubbed her thumb against her index finger before mumbling, "So, you are rich and have your scent hidden. I guess I'm not the only important figure here."

Then she swayed her gaze on me and asked, "Who are you?"

"Unlike you, I'm not a big fan of giving my identity out to a stranger, even if that stranger is a stunning lady like yourself." I casually uttered.

"I should feel mad, but I'm more interested in you now."

"Is that so?"

"Yes," 

Just like that, my plans were falling into place smoothly, and the only thing that could make it fall apart was Blake, and right now, I'm regretting allowing her to stay with me.

"Please meet, Dora. She would be the one showing you guys around the store." The cashier said when a lady approached us.

With a friendly smile on her face, Dora focused on me and said, "Is there anything in particular that you are looking for?"

Silently, I shoved my hand into my trouser pocket and pulled out a sheet. But as I was about to hand it over to Dora, Luna yanked it out of my hand.

After taking one look at the sheet, she gazed at me and mumbled, "Panties? You and your sister must be close."

"Yeah, we are." I casually said, jerking the paper from her grip and then handing it over to Dora.

A frown crossed Luna's face. But she said no words to me before looking the other way.

A while later, I came out of the store, and a few feet behind me was Luna with a single bag in her hand.

Quietly, Luna followed me, and when I reached my car, I turned around to stare at her.

"Thank you for helping me in there," I said, giving her a faint smile.

"It was my pleasure," Luna uttered, her face lit up in amusement.

At that moment, the boutique security guards approached us, and it grew silent between her and me when they came closer.

"Put it in the back," I said, pressing the button that opens the car trunk.

After the security guards had put in all the bags, he left, and Luna intensely gazed at me as she bit on her bottom lip.

Then she hesitated for a moment before saying, "Do you want to go to an event with me tonight?" 

"What is it about?" I asked, already having an idea of what she was going to say next.

A look of sadness settled in Luna's eyes as she stared into my gaze and said, "My half-sister rebelled against the pack, and went rogue. So we are hosting a pack meeting this evening to officially announce her dismissal."

Shutting her eyelids, a few drops of tears rolled down her face as she mumbled, "That's why I need moral support because tonight is going to be hard for me to handle. I'm losing my only sister."

It was no secret to me about the bad blood between Blake and Luna because I have spies in their house, so her little show wasn't striking to me.

"Well, you did help me shop, so sure," I said. "Text me the address, and I will be there."

After taking out her phone from her purse, Luna handed it over to me and watched as I typed in my contact. 

Once I got done, I gave the phone back to her and said, "It was nice meeting you, Miss Hayes."

Staring intensely at me, she smiled and said, "I prefer, Luna." 

"Okay then, see you this evening, Luna."

"Okay, bye!"

For a moment, Luna watched me as I got into my car. Then I drove off before I caught sight of her from my windshield, walking over to her vehicle.

After driving for a while, I brought my car to a stop on the side of the road, and then picked up my phone.

A few seconds went by with me scrolling through my contact. Then I finally dialed a number.

"What's new, son?" A robust voice echoed into my ear, and I clenched my jaws.

"Luna Hayes just invited me to an event," I finally gained the strength to say as I rested back in my seat.

"Loki Hayes's daughter?"

"Yes,"

The line grew silent for a moment. Then I heard, "I know this will help with the plan greatly. But be careful how you enter our enemy's territory and don't let your cover get exposed."

"I know father. I just needed you to be aware that everything is on track and moving smoothly and there's nothing for you to worry about."

"Is that so?"

Keeping silent, a look of worry spiked in me as a thought crossed my mind, 'Did Jason tell him about Blake?'

"I'm glad to hear that, son. The sooner you can accomplish step one of the plan, we can move on to the next phase." I heard my father say a moment later, and a sense of relief washed over me.
Out of your way
****************Blake Pov**************

When the shorthand on the clock hit seven and the long hand pointed at twelve, I stared away from the wall clock and looked at the door.

Then I rolled over,  laid on my back, and slowly shut my eyelids,  blinking as my eyes adjusted to the bright chandelier light.

It was hard to fall asleep when Nero was haunting my dreams, and it was even irresistible to ignore his scent, even though I was trying to since he arrived home a few hours ago.

When the bitterness I felt finally left me, I dragged myself out of bed and headed in the hallway, planning on going downstairs for a cold glass of water.

But as I walked past Nero's room, I heard mumbling echoing from within it, and out of curiosity, I stood, grabbed the knob, and pushed the door open.

When Nero met my eyes, he placed his finger to his lip and frowned at me. Then he turned his back to me and said, "Yes, I got the address."

It was annoying that he was shushing me, and although the thought of leaving crossed my mind, I found myself standing still as I stared adorably at all the tattoos on his body.

Suddenly, It was like I lost control of myself, and I was standing outside of my body as I watched myself walk over to Nero. Then my hands slowly stroke over the serpent tattoo on his back.

The butterflies came in full force, and my heart pounded against my rib as my finger slowly caressed his skin.

"Mmmhmmh!!" Nero moaned softly, and I hastily pulled my hands back. 

Then I took two steps back as Nero turned around and scowled at me with his lips pressed in a firm line.

Dropping my hand to my side, my lashes swept up, and I blinked a couple of times. Then I focused on the space between us, avoiding his fierce gaze.

"Yes, I'm fine." Nero calmly uttered with his eyes still glued to me. "I will see you later tonight."

Even though I was curious about who he was meeting, I suppressed my desire to listen in on the conversation, but that didn't stop the energy from bursting through me, and I heard a voice that sent shivers down my spine.

After he ended the call, I crossed my arms and asked, "Why are you talking to Luna?"

"You shouldn't be eavesdropping on others' conversations, and learn to keep your hands to yourself!" Nero said, and his smooth brow puckered in a frown.

"That was Luna on the line, right?! Why are you talking to her!" 

"I'm a full-grown man, Blake. I don't owe you a damn explanation of what I do and don't do!"

Annoyed, I broke off eye contact with him and mumbled, "Sure, whatever. You don't! Just answer this, and I will be on my way."

"What is it?" Nero asked as his expression softened.

"Did you tell her about me staying at your place?" 

"No,"

"Good, bear with me a little. After two weeks, I will be out of your way." 

It fell silent between us as Nero stared at me without saying a word. So I turned away from him and walked out, enraged at my heart for falling for that jerk.

When I got to the kitchen, I met Jason, and the moment his gaze rested on me, he narrowed his eyes.

"What are you languishing over about?" Jason asked as he picked the knife on the counter and then sliced it into his apple.

"Like you care?" I mumbled, walking over to the cupboard.

"You are right. I don't care. What I meant to ask was who is this Luna?"

"Eavesdropping! Ha!"

"Don't be a hypocrite,"

Frowning, I opened the cupboard and tipped toes to grab a glass, but they were a bit out of my reach.

"Get out of the way before you break something!" Jason lashed out before reaching over my head and grabbing a glass.

Slowly, I turned around to face him, and when our eyes locked, he gave a half-smile, twirled the glass in my face, and whispered, "You want this? Tell me who Luna is?"

Without replying to him, I turned around and stretched my hand to grab another glass. But Jason suddenly grabbed my wrist, and I pulled against his grip.

Yet, his hold on my hand remained firm, and I could feel his body slightly pressed against mine.

"Let go," I whispered, pulling my hand a bit hard.

Suddenly, Jason leaned toward my ear and whispered, "Who's Luna?"

Frustrated, my wolf awoke, and I had no control when I yanked my hand from Jason's grip before forcefully elbowing him in the mouth.

Immediately, he drew back and let out a soft cry, "Fuck!!" 

Then he settled the glass on the counter, and the moment he did, I walked over to it, and picked the glass up, ignoring the cut on his lip.

After getting a bottle from the refrigerator, I sat on a stool and pulled water into the glass.

With his eyes fixed on me, Jason aggressively wiped the blood off his lips and uttered, "Your eyes you ar-e! Y-ou are You are supposed to be wolfless and weak! But the force you use just now It was..." 

Caring not for the things he said, I drank a mouthful of water and held it in my jaws the instant I heard Nero's voice, "What's going on here?"

When I stared away from Jason and focused on him, I choked on the water when I forced it down my throat and started coughing aggressively.

"Are you okay!" Nero shouted, rushing towards me.

But I held out my hand in front of me and nodded hastily. Then I grabbed the glass and drank more water to calm down as my heart kept thumping wildly.

'Stop beating so damn fast. How can you have feelings for a man who doesn't feel the same way? Stupid!' I lashed out in my head. But that didn't stop my heart from pounding louder when I looked at Nero again.

If I didn't know any better I would assume that it was trying to beat its way out of my chest!

"Are you sure?" Nero asked, his voice, tight with panic

"Yes," I mumbled, setting the glass on the table.

Then for a while, I stared at his black neat-fit three-piece suit, then at his hair in a tight bun before gazing at his superfluity shoes and watch.

Even though it wasn't something that I wanted to admit, he looked really good, and just one look at him was giving me thoughts, dirty thoughts that I wasn't proud of at the very least.

Accidentally, I locked eyes with Nero again, and he uttered smoothly, "You sure that you are okay?"

"Stop asking me the same thing over and over again! I am fine!" I shouted, losing control of myself. "Also, why are you overly dressed to meet my sister!"

My damn wolf won't let me keep a piece of dignity with all this emotional outburst and attachment she has me feeling for Nero.

"Luna is your sister!" Jason abruptly uttered, his voice like steel. "Nero, what the hell!"

"Don't you dare!" Nero said in a deep, commanding voice.

When I looked at Jason, I could tell from the look of rage in his eyes that he didn't only hate me, but my sister too.

This morning, I overheard Nero telling him that I am not my father, and I can't help but wonder what my father did to Jason for Luna and me to earn so much hate from him.

"You two be good. I will be back, hopefully soon." Nero said, throwing me a hard look.

It was clear by our expression that neither Jason nor me was happy about him leaving. But Nero shoved his hands into his pocket and walked out, and I stared after him, pouting at the thoughts of what he and Luna would be doing tonight.

After I heard the front door slam shut, I picked up the glass and drank the rest of my water before slamming its bottom on the counter. 

Instantly, the glass broke in my hand, and a piece of it tore into my palm.

"What is wrong with you?!" Jason lashed out at me.

"I'm fine! I will heal soon." I mumbled, gazing at the blood on my palm.

A sigh escaped his lips, and then the kitchen fell silent for a while.

"So, Luna is your sister?" Jason asked, gazing directly at me.

Annoyed, I clutched my fist and lashed out, "Yes! She is my perfect half-sister! She's everything that I will never be! My father's pride and joy! My stepmother gifted child! The pack promising leader! It's no surprise that Nero chose her over me!"

My emotions were eating at me, and it wasn't long before I busted into tears, crying at the top of my lungs while staring at Jason and deeply stiffing my snot back into my nostril.

As he gazed at me, he looked so uncomfortable, watching me cry my eyes out.

Then he darted over to the hooks on the wall and took out a white towel before walking back to me.

"Dry up! You look ugly and disgusting when you cry." Jason said with a calm measured voice as he tossed the towel on my face.

Frowning, I pulled the towel off my eyes and threw him a dirty look before cleaning my face dry and blowing my nose.

Then I looked at Jason and he was staring at me with pure disgust in his eyes. But in that instant, I realized that something was missing from his gaze. He didn't look hostile towards me anymore.

"I now understand why Nero is considerate to you and not mad," Jason said with a faint smile on his lips.

"Mad? So he does have a reason to hate me!" I mumbled, feeling a dull throb in my chest.

###chapter 10
My date knows my sister 
******************Luna Pov**********

When I stepped out of my bathroom and entered my room in a towel, I saw my mother sitting on the edge of the bed dressed in a stunning, elegant dress, looking like a true Luna.

When our eyes met, she gazed away, and her sight rested on the bags.

"What's in there?" My mother asked.

"I told you that I was going shopping today," I said, striving to keep my emotions in check.

Tonight was extremely important for my mother, and I knew her mood would be unstable, and a slight slip of the tongue could send her off. Also, I needed her to be in a good mood for when I broke the news about Damn it! I didn't get his name.

Frowning, I watched my mother walk over to the bag, pick it up, and take it to the bed. Then she pulled out my black and gold slim-fit dress and gazed at it with a smile on her lips.

"It's good to know that you are putting effort into tonight," My mother mumbled, dropping the dress on the sheet. 

Then she looked into my eyes with her piercing gaze and said, " You know that Killian and his entire family are going to be attending tonight, right?"

"How can I forget prince charming's attendance? That's all that you have been talking about to me." I calmly said as I met her eyes.

"Yes, because you need to be reminded of that since if Killian becomes your mate, it will be the perfect opportunity to secure your position in the park."

Looking away from her face, I mumbled, "I am going to attend a party but not with Killian. I met this super amazing Alpha. Well, I know he's an alpha because only their kind can mask their scent, and"

"Luna, what the heck are you talking about now?" My mother lashed out, standing from the bed.

Although I wanted so desperately not to offend my very powerful mother at such a crucial moment, the thought of spending my night at the ceremony with Killian disgusted me.

"He seems like a nice guy, mother, and he's rich too. If you can just take your focus off Killian for a moment and give him a chance to.." I mumbled, pausing when I noticed the look of anger in my mother's eyes.

"You want me to give some random so-called alpha that you met at the mall a chance and forget the alpha that your father and I know?" My mother said, taking a few steps closer to me.

Not wanting her anywhere closer to me, I kept moving backward slowly as I said, "Just for tonight. Please!"

"Did you leave your brain at the mall, Luna?"

Even though I didn't respond, my mother's yellow eyes bore right down to the very deepest of my soul, and I froze, unable to take another step back.

When my mother reached me, she leaned closer to my face, and with brisk authority, she said, "You are going to put on that gorgeous gown, match downstairs, and stay by Killian's side during the entire ceremony so you two wolves can get bound."

"Yes," I whispered, dragging my gaze to the floor to avoid the apathetic look in her eyes after speaking those words.

"Good. Now put on your little gown and come downstairs. The guests will start arriving soon, and it will be nice to have you by my side to help greet them."

"Okay,"

Giving me a stiff smile, my mother caressed her palm against my cheek and then said, "Don't stay in here for too long."

Annoyed, I gave a smug smile and calmly uttered, "Sure thing,"

Then my face hardened as I watched her turn away from me and walked out of the room.

Mother wouldn't understand, but I deserve the best, and I have this gut feeling that the guy I met at the mall is what I'm looking for. He's rich, hot, and an alpha, what could be better than that, and he seems to have a decent attitude.

Even if my wolf has no connection with him, and I don't have a feeling for him, not even my mother or anyone else is going to stop me from getting my hands on what I prefer and that's him!

Tonight, I met him for the second time, and I wanted every inch of my body to be perfect because he was the only wolf I wanted to sink his teeth into my neck and leave his mark engraved on my body.

Dropping the towel from around my breast, I walked over to the bed and picked up my gown, and smiled.

Then I took my time to get dressed, and after I was done, I styled my hair into a very elegant accessorized updo, exposing my neck and my back before completing my look with a dramatic night make-up look, gold sandals, and an exquisite black clutch.

After giving myself time to admire my beauty, I smiled at how perfect my reflection was. Then I left my room and headed downstairs.

When I reached the staircase, my mother and father were already awaiting me there. 

Without saying a word to them, I stood by my father. Then I forced a stiff smile on my lips and held on to his arm. 

"Killian and his family are already in the ballroom," My mother said, giving me a side-eye as she and my father walked along with me to the grand hall.

 

But I ignored her words since I didn't care about her or what she wanted because tonight was all about my desire.

The moment we arrived in the grand hall and others realized our presence in the room, the hall became silent, and everyone's focus got drawn to us.

The attention we were getting wasn't something strange, and I was too distracted trying to find my date that nothing mattered at that moment.

"There's Killian and his sister. We should go and greet them." Mother said, and her eager voice drew my attention back to her.

"You two do that, and I will greet Mr. Noble." My father said before letting go of my hand and walking off into the crowd.

At first, I was pissed at my mother for being headstrong in making me hang out with Killian. But then when I stared at him, I saw someone that I was impatient to meet.

"Sure, mother. It will be nice to meet the Nobles." I said, striving to suppress my excitement.

A doubtful look crossed my mother's face, but I overlooked it and walked away, heading straight for Karen.

The way she was looking at my date that I invited made an irritation flare in my chest for her, and yet I met her gaze with a smile on my face as my mother and I approached them.

Then when I reached Karen, I tapped on the shoulder of the alluring guy beside her, and when he turned, locking eyes with me, I smiled and said, "Hey, it's nice to see you again."

Even though I could feel my mother intensely gazing at me, I didn't look her way and kept smiling at him.

It was a bore risk to disobey my mother, but in the midst of such a crowd, I knew her reputation came above putting me in my place, and I was willing to use that to my advantage.

A dimple formed on one side of his cheek as he smirked and then said, "You too, Luna."

Gawking at me, Killian snickered and said, "Hey, Luna."

"Hi," I mumbled before darting my gaze back to my date and focusing on his eyes.

"You look incredible," I said, also ignoring Killian who couldn't take the hint and walk away but kept scowling at me.

"Not as stunning as you are in that dress." He said with a sweet lob-sided smile on his face.

Clearing her throat, Karen suddenly threw me a dirty look, and with a note of incredulity in her voice, she said, "Well, it seems like you two are well acquainted. I thought the only person you ever speak so formally to is Blake, Nero?"

When I heard those words, I swear my jaw almost drop to the floor as I gazed at Karen with my lips apart. At least the only good thing I felt glad about was that I now knew his name.

The hall grew quiet for a while, and the silence was kind of freaking me out, especially since tonight was about banishing my sister, and everyone just heard that my date knew my half-sister.

"You know my sister?" I asked, glaring at him.

"Your sister is Blake?" Nero uttered, a little doubtfully.

Even though I didn't want to freak out, my mind kept forcing intrusive thoughts in my head, and I felt my hate for Blake grow stronger than ever.

Yet, I kept my lips upward, in a smile, as I calmly replied, "Half-sister. How do you know her?" 

"Oh, she's a student in a class that I teach." Nero casually uttered, and the unconcerned look on his face told me that he didn't seem to care about her as Karen made it sound.

But it was still frustrating to know that the Alpha that I had my eyes on knows my sister, and worse of all, he kept that from me.

"So, you know Blake and behaved as though you didn't when I told you about the ceremony?" I mumbled, unable to keep the question suppressed any longer.

"You didn't mention her name in the conversation, and as I said before, I am new in town," Nero uttered, frowning slightly.

That was true, and now, I felt a bit embarrassed about confronting him on it when it was just a question that my common sense could have answered.

"Young man, who are you?" My mother abruptly asked, and I held in my breath to calm myself as I watched her scold at Nero.
Let the hunt begin 
Watching my mother grimace at Nero, I felt so enraged, and yet, I knew not to blaze the fire by getting mad. 




So, I gazed at Nero, drew my brows together, and made a face to signal him to answer her question.




For a moment, he stared at me and then faced my mother as he said, "Good evening. I'm Nero Fang, a transfer instructor from West Coast college who recently arrived in the state." 





With a look of annoyance on her face, my mother snorted derisively and said, "I'm not asking for your name or job? I mean, who are you exactly, and what"




"Google my name," Nero calmly uttered, not breaking eye contact with her.




"I need the answer from you and not some stupid Internet!" My mother said, her yellow eyes staring back at him cold and unwavering.




Yet, he had this unbothered expression on his face almost as though he wasn't afraid of her. But I couldn't blame him since he was new in town and didn't know the kind of person my mother is.




Grabbing onto her arm, I pouted and whispered, "Mom, you are drawing others' attention to us."




But she yanked her hand out of my grip and lashed out at Nero, "Who do you think you are walking into my house and ordering me around."




"I invited him," I mumbled, feeling so embarrassed that she was doing this in the middle of such a crowd.




At that moment, the worst that could happen happened. My father approached us with Mr. Noble by his side.




"You are that dumb-ass instructor who didn't know when to shut his garbage hole and stay humble." My father said in a nasty tone.




"You know Nero?" I asked, shocked that my date was well known than I assumed him to be.




Without taking his gaze at Nero, my father furrowed his brow and said, "You are that filthy brat instructor." 




"Dad, can you watch your words, please. I know what Blake did was wrong. But she's still your daughter and my sister." I said, feeling sickened in myself by every word that I uttered.




Instantly, my mother, my dad, Karen, and even Killian's eyes were on me, and from their expression, I knew exactly what they were thinking, 'When did you start caring about Blake?!'




Not in a million years will I give a damn about what my father says about his bastard. But a good impression is what I wanted Nero to have for me, and if that means putting on a caring sister act, then I'm down to do that.




"Yes, I'm Blake's instructor," Nero said, and I studied his eyes but there were no emotions within them.




There was no denying at this point that he felt nothing for my sister. But even if he did, he could only have her dead because I'm not allowing Blake to take what I want.




"What are you doing here, in my house, with my daughter?!" My father said in a firm voice, with anger.




"I invited him," I rushed to Nero's rescue, judging from my father's expression that he didn't like Nero either.




This was frustrating because if I'm supposed to bring him into the pack, my parents need to accept him first, and that seems like something impossible at this moment.




"Luna, if you don't shy..." My father coldly uttered.




Annoyed, I pulled out my phone, hit my browser icon, and typed in 'Nero Fang."




As my eyes stretched out wide, I looked at him and said, "Y-ou a-re! You are the founder of Xbox Tech, a multi-billion dollar corporation with branches all over the world."




Even though I was staring at his picture in the article, nothing felt real at that moment because I was in disbelief at how wealthy he was. Compared to him, my father and everyone's riches in this state were a trifle.




My father suddenly snatched my phone out of my grip and looked at the screen for a while before staring up at Nero's face and coughing faintly.




Then he absentmindedly handed my phone over to me as he asked, "What's a billionaire like yourself doing in a small state like this and working as a college instructor?" 




"Taking a break from the world of business and following my passion for teaching... Why I am in this state," Nero uttered, looking relaxed as he spoke, and in that instant, he had an air of importance about him.





When I met his eyes, he slightly smiled at me before saying, "I got transferred and didn't choose this school. Since teaching is my pursuit, I am humbled to where I get sent by the head of the Department of Education for werewolves."





The room was quiet for a moment. Then Killian abruptly asked as he shoots Nero a look of raw resentment, "What's with the scent concealment, pal? Is the something you are hiding?"




 A remote coldness came into Nero's eyes as he frowned and said, "I thought I was invited here as a guest. I didn't think I would be getting interrogated!"




A surge of annoyance spiked in me when I heard those words because I invited him and now, my pack was treating him like some criminal.




"I get it. I'm the new guy in your territory so the skepticism is understandable." Nero said as his expression smoothened a bit. "I don't suppress my scent because I have something to conceal, but because I'm hiding from something."




Fixing his gaze on me, Nero let out a sigh and said, "Rogue from my pack attacked one unfortunate night when I was little and carried on a massacre, leaving me as a lone alpha, and my sister and I are the only surviving members of the pack."




The despair in his eyes as he told that story and how vulnerable he looked made him even more seductive, and I slightly bit my bottom lip as my body grew a bit hot and my heartbeat raised.




"I can see that my presence here is unwelcoming, so I think this is my cue to leave." Nero suddenly uttered, and I felt my heart stop for a slight second.




Immediately, I grabbed his hand and entangled my finger with his, and said, "No, please, stay!"




But his focus swayed towards my father almost as though he was waiting for his approval and not mine, and even though I felt a bit annoyed, his behavior was sensible.




"Since my daughter seems to have taken a liking to you, I too won't mind you being here." My mother said.




It should have felt strange hearing her say those words since she was so hookup on Killian and me being together. But it didn't because she's my mother, and just like me, she wants what best, and Killian was nothing compared to Nero.




Now all I had to worry about was my father, and when I gave him a pleading stare, he looked away from me and said, "Since you are my daughter guest, you can stay."




Just like that, I had my hands on a filthy rich alpha. I guess fate really does favor me a lot.




"Oh, Mr. Fang what a tragic life story. I'm so glad you and your sister survive, even though it's truly sad that the rest of your pack didn't." Karen said as she clutched onto Nero's arm.




At this point, I was like, "What the fuck was going on?!" But it was clear from her thirst appearance that I had a competition, and it wasn't my half-sister, but her classmate, Karen.




Now I knew why she was trying so hard to ruin Nero for me. Unlike having Blake as an opponent, Karen was a bit of a challenge, and if she did want Nero, things would get ugly pretty fast. But I wasn't ready to be the one to lose him.




Looking up at his face, I pouted and mumbled, making my voice sound pitiful, "It is truly tragic. But you have my comfort just as you are here for me."




"And mine too," Karen abruptly uttered, and my anger pierced through my chest.





As I was about to put Karen in her place, my father cleared his throat and uttered, "We should start the ceremony!"





Then he looked at me, frowned slightly, and said, "Luna, Loretta, can you two join me at the front of the room."




Even though my body was hesitant, I let go of Nero's hand because I knew not to misbehave when my father's eyes changes color to red.




Then I followed my parents, keeping my gaze ahead of me and trying my best not to think about how much I wanted to snatch the air from Karen's lungs.




When we got to the front of the room, I stood by my father and kept my gaze glued on Nero, feeling a sense of calmness when I noticed that he had taken his hand from Karen's grip.




In that instant, I accidentally locked eyes with Killian and he had the gaze of someone who wanted to destroy a being, and I didn't need to guess who that person was.




"Today, we gathered here as a pack to announce that one of our members has rebelled and forsaken the pack, and it's my regret to inform you all that it is my daughter." My father declared.




The news about Blake getting renounced by my father has spread like wildfire so no one seems shocked by what he said.




"In the presence of you all, I proclaim that Blake Hayes will no longer be a member of Dark moonlight pack, and she's an outcast!"




Never did I imagine such a day, but I was glad it happened, and now, I had one less bitch to worry about.




"According to the pack law" My father uttered, pausing with a look of uncertainty in his expression.




Swaying my focus off him, I looked at Nero's emotionless face, and I wondered what he was going to think about the rest of my father's words.




"According to the pack law, let the hunt for the rogue begin!!" My father loudly uttered with a cold-blooded expression.




Within a matter of seconds, the hall grew noisy with cheering, and it was no surprise that Blake didn't get a single sympathy from anyone.




This pack was no place for the weak, and if you are, you are worth nothing and just a nobody which is what Blake was.




###chapter 11
Marking her
***********Nero Pov************




Now that I am standing in a room filled with the scent of my enemies, memories are rushing back to my mind and I can see the blood of our history clear. 




And even though the past wasn't something that I wanted to repeat at this moment, my wolf was misbehaving because of the scent of Loki.




But I caged its rage and smiled as Luna approached me. Tonight has been tough with all the fake emotions I had to put on and portray and the lies I had to tell.




But to win the trust of my enemies, I had to gain their sympathy first, and even though it wasn't going to be simple, today was the first step.




"I'm sorry," Luna said with a weak smile when she stopped in front of me. 




"Why?" I asked, striving to keep up the act that I give a damn about her feelings. 




"Do you know what the hunt means?"




"Karen kind of filled me in on it the other day." 




Raising a brow, Luna hesitated and then asked, "You know that the hunt means that they are going to kill my sister?" 




"Kind of," I uttered, keeping my expression indifferent. 




It wasn't hard to act like I didn't care for Blake because I didn't give a shit for anyone other than my pack and Jason. But deep down, I felt odd when I heard those words from Luna.




"You don't feel bad that your student is going to die?" Luna asked, her voice filled with doubt.




"Don't you have to be close to someone to have some kind of feelings for them?" I mumbled, shoving my hand into my phone when I felt a vibration.




"Yes. But I thought you were considerate toward your students."




"Mmh," 




My entire focus was off Luna as I clicked on Jason's message and read, "Why didn't you tell me Blake is an omega in heat,"




Shit! I forgot, and now, all I could think of is if Jason was able to restrain himself since betas are way more vulnerable to an omega's pheromones.




"Nero, did you hear me?" Luna's voice brought my attention back to her again.




"I got to go!" I told her, putting my phone in my pocket.




"Is everything okay?"




"Yes. Let's catch up another time."




Without waiting for a reply from Luna, I rushed out of the room and ran down the hallway, shutting my mind of all thoughts.




When I got out of the Hayes mansion, I hurried to my car, got in, and drove out of their yard.




The moment I was further away from the house, I managed to get my phone out of my pocket and then called Jason.




After a few rings, he answered and I hastily asked, "Where are you?"




"Out of the villa," Jason said with an exaggerated sigh. "I could have hurt her tonight, Nero Thankfully, I was quick to leave the house. I have never smelled something so sensual and powerful like that. What is Blake?"




"I have the same question. I'm on my way home. Where are you?"




"I had to get far away from the house for my wolf to cool off. I'm in my hotel room."




"So, she's alone?!'




The line grew silent, and I felt annoyed for raising my voice at my beta again because of Blake.




" Yes," Jason finally said. "Nero, don't you think Blake is different from the others?"




"What?"




"I know that you can't sense who your mate is because of a lineage curse. But I haven't seen you care for anyone outside of the pack as you do for Blake."




Comparing my behavior to Blake to that of the bond between two mates is just stupid. What I felt for her was sympathy and that's that.




"No, Jason. She's not the one." I said, stepping on the accelerator pedal, putting the car at full speed.




"How would you know if you don't know what a bond between two mates feels like?"




"Because!"




Unfortunately, Jason's words made sense, and I hated to admit it because Blake isn't supposed to be mine, not after everything I have done and am about to do.




Not to talk about how much my father and the pack will frown upon marking the daughter of our enemy. Forbidden is the only word to describe that.





"It's because she makes herself so pitiful and needy that I can't help but care. I still have a soul, you know." I finally said.






"Sure," Jason mumbled, and I could hear the sarcasm in his tone.





A while later, after I had brought the car to a stop in my yard, I got out and headed for the door. 




As I was about to unlock it, the knob turned, and then the door opened.




Standing in the doorway, Blake gazed at me, and I could feel the heat of her stare.




Ignoring her, I walked into the hallway and shut the door behind me. But as I was about to head upstairs, Blake grabbed onto the edge of my coat.




"How many times do I have to avoid you for you to get the hint and stay away?" I mumbled, gazing back at her calm face.




Looking away from my eyes, Blake drew her hand back and dropped her gaze to the floor.




Then she let out a shaking breath and said, "I can take the hint. It's Luna that you prefer. Then I wouldn't bother you anymore." 




For a moment, I took a long look at her and then said, "Come here,"




"Huh?" Blake mumbled, raising her gaze to meet my eyes.




Not wanting to repeat my words, I walked over to Blake, and not giving her the chance to pull back, I lifted her in the air and threw her over my shoulder.




"What are you doing! Put me down!" Blake cried out, swinging her feet.




But my grip on her legs only got tighter as I carried her out of the hallway, heading upstairs.




When I entered the guest room with Blake, I took her to the bed and tossed her on the mattress.




"Do you think it's fair to torture me?" I told her as she gaze into my eyes. "This is my first time feeling this way. It's pathetic and you keep doing it to me." 




"I don't do it on purpose. I can't control my heat." Blake whispered, her lashes fluttered, a few rapid beats. 




Without breaking eye contact with her, I approached the bed and climbed on it, leaning in towards her lips, and whispered, "It's not intentional?"




Immediately, she dropped flat on the bed. But that didn't stop me from climbing above her and drawing closer to her face.




"Do you want relief from your heat?" I mumbled, not even struggling to fight against her pheromones.




Without replying, Blake kept gazing at me, and her eyes were as steady as glass.




"I'm not kidding. There's a really pleasing scent coming from you." I mumbled, feeling drunk.




"From me?" Blake whispered as her eyelids widened.




Drawing closer to her lip, I smirked and mumbled, "Who else is in the room with us?"




It's like I forgot everything logical as I slipped my hands under her nightgown and pulled it upward, tossing it to the tiles after getting the gown off her body.




Once my clothes joined hers on the floor, I looked into her eyes, and at that moment, Blake raised her head and rested her lips against mine.




My last sense of hesitation faded immediately, as I parted her lips and slid my tongue into her mouth, kissing her fiercely as I pressed her hands flat against the bed.




When I finally gave Blake a moment to breathe, a soft moan crawled out from the deepest of her throat as I held her and was about to pull in.




"Stop," She whispered with tears in her eyes. "My legs hurt."




"I haven't gone further in yet," I said, lacing my fingers with hers. 




"Okay, then take it out!" 




"But it's already halfway in."




"I told you to stop."




Looking into Blake's wet eyes, I took a long look at her and then asked, "Are you sure?"




When she bit her bottom lip, refusing to speak, I gave her a half-smile and said, "You are a bit tight. Relax a little."




The moment I attempt to move my hips a bit, she cried out, "Fuck! It really hurts!"




"Blake, just relax. It's almost all the way in," I told her.




Then I give her a second to catch her breath before thrusting, slamming my hips into hers.




"AHH!" A scream escaped her lips as she tightened her grip on my hand. "It hurts!"




With tears running from the corners of her eyes, she loosened her grip on my hands and cried, "Nero! It really hurts!" 




Leaning towards her lips, I watched her darting gaze before kissing her neck and whispering, "I'm going to move a bit, okay?"




The moment I raised my hips and thrust, she wrapped her legs around me while her nails clawed deep into the skin of my back.




As her body collided with my mine, I felt my wolf going wild again, making me excited to do something, something that I said a few minutes ago that I wouldn't do.




Thrusting in deeper and faster, I listened to Blake moan louder, and then, not holding back, I sunk my teeth into the skin between her shoulder and neck, making her moan ripen into a wild scream.















###chapter 12
A temporary Alpha
*****************Blake POV************




Grabbing the sheets even tighter, I let out a soft moan as I gazed into Nero's eyes. My body ached, and we had been at it for the longest, yet wherever he touched started a fire that needed to be quenched by him.




Finally, the sound of his phone alarm started buzzing, and Nero stopped thrusting, giving me a moment to rest.




The drowsiness I felt made my eyelids fall a little, and I struggled to open my eyes when I heard Nero say, "It's six o'clock already?" 




Then he turned his focus back to me, pressed his body against mine, and  I could feel him deeper inside of me.




"Good morning," Nero said, his lips brushed against my cheek.




"I'm sleepy," I cried out, squeezing the sheet.




When he leaned toward my lips, I wrapped my hands around his neck as he whispered, "Of course. We had sex all night."  





A sense of embarrassment spiked in me, and my face felt hot, but my eyes remained glued on him, unable to get over the fact that he was smiling at me warmly.




After everything that had happened between us in the past, a moment like this was something I imagined wouldn't be possible between us since he was so firm about rejecting me.




Finally, Nero allowed my body to rest and dropped beside me on the bed, drawing a deep breath.




Smiling, I turned on my side, admiring his face and listening to the sound of his heartbeat.




Then Nero suddenly gazed at me for a moment and said, "I know how much of a jerk I'm going to sound like, saying this right after such a moment. But"




"But?" I whispered, biting on my bottom lip, already guessing what he was about to say.




"Can you keep the bite mark a secret and hidden until it fades during the next full moon which will be like twenty-nine days from now?"





What happened between us was just sex and nothing more. How could I be stupid to think that he wanted to claim me as his mate! And now I bear the mark of an Alpha that doesn't want me.





"Can you say something, please?" Nero softly uttered, staring at me.




Feeling dizzy, I shut my eyelids, not knowing what to say or how to reply. He made it clear from the beginning that he couldn't be my alpha, so how could I blame him?




When the drowsiness I felt abandoned me, I held in my breath, refusing to raise my eyelid when I felt the bed move under me because I didn't want to see him since it was going to ruin my mood.




"Do you want anything to eat?" I heard Nero's voice, and I slowly raised my lashes.




As Nero sat on the couch, his eyes remained glued to mine, and I hesitated for a moment before saying, "Last night meant nothing to you, right?"




"I can make you something. What do you want to eat?" Nero uttered with calmness in his tone.




Frowning, I stared at the stern expression on his face, and then I sighed deeply, "Are you going to keep dodging my questions?" 




"I will make some toast. If you feel hungry, come down to eat." Nero uttered with his eyes cold and distant.




"I don't have an appetite, so don't waste your time making some for me," I said with a bit of an attitude.




"What's wrong with you!"




"Nothing! I'm not hungry, "




"How can you not want food?"




"Do I not have a saying in this too! Or are you going to make the decision for me and force me to eat!" 




For a moment, I pressed my lips together and squeezed my eyes shut, not knowing what to feel or think. 




Then I waited patiently for Nero to leave the room, and after he did, feeling mad at me and hurt, I threw the blanket over my head and curled myself into a ball.




Pathetic, that's how I felt, and memories about my life kept rushing back to my mind, causing me an intense headache as tears rolled from the corners of my eyes.




Feeling the warm liquid rolling down my chin, I detest that again I was looked down on and treated like I wasn't worth it, and I clenched my fist, sniffing back my tears.




After I laid still for a while, I gathered all my strength, pushed the cover off me, and got out of bed before dragging myself into the bathroom. 




When I got to the face basin, I looked at the mirror,  frowning at my reflection for a moment, and then rubbed my hand on the back of my neck.




In that instant, I felt the bite mark on my skin. Then I turned my back to the mirror, pulled my hair from the back of my neck, and threw it over my shoulder to the front.




As I stared at the bite mark, my heart sank because a part of me wanted for it to mean something, and it did to me, but not to Nero.




He was now my Alpha, but only for a temporary period because the initial bite-mark on my shoulder is temporary and will disappear by the next full moon. It hurts to know that.





After my shower, I walked back into a room, walked over to the closet, and took out an oversized turtleneck sweater and sweatpants. Then I got dressed into them, wore my slippers, and left the room.





When I arrived downstairs, I made my way to the kitchen because that was where I picked up Nero's scent.




Then I stopped at the entrance of the kitchen and gazed at Jason before focusing on Nero.




"Why are you cooking?" Jason asked, and then he glanced at me.




"Because I am hungry," Nero mumbled, taking the frying pan off the stove. "Also, I have to get to the campus early," 




Drawing his brows into a frown, Jadon looked at his phone and mumbled, "Your class starts at nine, and it's one past seven. Why are you going to work so early?"




"Can you stop asking me too many damn questions!" Nero lashed out.




The kitchen fell silent as I watched him scratch his forehead and sigh before fixing his gaze on me.




"Just stop with the questions, okay?"  Nero said, resting his hands flat on the counter and sighing heavily.




For a moment, Jason turned his focus on me and intensely stares at me before saying, "Okay," 





In silence, I watched Nero scoop out the egg and placed it on his toast. Then he slapped a cheese onto it and put another slice of bread on top before taking a huge bite into it.




"You are devouring that bread like you have been starving for days." Jason chuckled while staring at  Nero taking another bite.




But Nero threw me a hard look and then froze with the bread towards his lips as his eyes darted away from me.




Immediately, Jason stared back at me and teased, "Did you catch the flu or something?! Why are you dressed like that?" 




Ignoring his words, my stiff expression didn't change as I walked into the kitchen, headed over to the refrigerator, and opened it.




"I should get ready for work." Nero abruptly uttered, and my attention drew back to him.




After tossing the half-eaten bread on the plate, he looked at me for a moment before walking out of the kitchen.




"Okay, what happened between you guys last night?" Jason asked as he approached me.




But I simply stared at him for a moment before slamming the fridge shut and walking past him.




As I headed for the cupboard, Jason hurried after me and when I opened it, I could feel his eyes on me as I stretched my hand for the cereal. 




Then Jason suddenly took a step closer to me and reached for the box, beating me to it.




When I turned around to face him, I threw him a dirty look, and immediately, he handed the Cereal towards me and said, "Okay, don't hit me. Here!"




Without saying a word, I grabbed the box and walked away from the counter. Then I sat on the stool, shoved my hand into the box, and pulled out a handful of cereal.




"You good?" Jason asked, stunned as he gazed at me stuffed it into my mouth. "Did Nero and you argue or something?"




Since I refused to answer his questions, Jason finally stared at me quietly, watching me eat another handful of dry cereal.




Frustrated, I pulled my hands from the box and lashed out, "Why are you gazing at me?! Don't you have somewhere to be, far away from me!"




But Jason said nothing and kept looking at me, and when I raised my gaze to meet his face, the corners of his eyes creased with concern.




"What?" I mumbled a bit calmer this time.




"About last night your scent," Jason said, sitting down on the stool beside me. "Are you an Omega? Or an alpha?"




A feeling of hesitation held me still for a moment. Then I set the box of cereal on the counter, sighed as I faced him, and said, "I don't know. One minute, I am ordinary, and the next, puff! I am this. Whatever it is!" 




"Ain't you supposed to be wolfless?" Jason mumbled, his eyes dull with bewilderment.




"Yeah, but Nero said that I'm just a late shifter." 




"So, you are going to transform a few days from now?"




"Huh?"




"The full moon is three days from now. So, your first shift might happen then."




When I was about to speak, my words got stuck in my throat as I stared at Nero, standing at the kitchen door, dressed for work.




Then I focused back on Jason and said in a bold tone, "I hope so."





Swaying my eyes back at Nero, I gave a smug smile and said, "Then I can be free to run with the wind and get out of this shitty state! Leaving bad memories behind."
Mated to two sisters 
***********Nero Pov*********




I watched as Blake reached for the cereal box, shoved her hand into it, and ate a few.




From her remark, it seemed like she was planning to run away after her first transformation, and that was a good thing for me, for my plan.




But then again, even though I am not still certain that she is my mate, a part of me wants her to stay. Why? I don't know.




For years, we Fangs alphas had difficulty finding our mates because of a curse, and only when we go through hell, are we certain that she is the one.




That's why losing my mother really shattered my father because of how long it took him to realize that she is the one, his mate.




Would it be the same for me? Is Blake mine, but I don't know yet because of the curse, or am I mixing up sympathy as a connection, and my mate is out there.




These are questions that haunt my dreams. Questions that I want to know because I still don't feel it yet, that Blake is the one, even after such an intimate night with her.




But like Jason said, how will I know she's the one when I don't know the feeling of a bond between mates? It is complicated. There is so much at stake here, my pack, my life, and everything that matters to me since I already has made the move of entering the Dark moonlight pack.




So, I need to be hundred percent sure that Blake is my mate because accidentally claiming my enemy's daughter is chaos.




"I should get to work," I mumbled, looking at Blake.




A flash of annoyance crossed her face, then ignoring my presence, she rolled her eyes at me, sighed, and then ate another handful of cereal.




Her attitude was understandable, I took her virginity and refused to claim her as my mate even though she bears my mark.




"Okay, what is going on between you two?!" Jason shouted out, looking at Blake. Then he swayed his gaze at me.




But I walked away without replying, headed out of the villa, and got into my Bugatti Dove.




After a couple of minutes drive, I arrived on the campus and parked my vehicle in the parking lot. But as I was about to get down, my front door opened, and Karen entered my car.




Then she looked at me and cheerfully said, "Good morning, Nero." 




Dressed in the little black dress that made her body's gentle shape appear curvy, her narrow shoulders exposed, her round hips and breasts standout.




"Morning, Miss Noble," I said, striving not to give in to my anger.




Keeping the grin on her face, she leaned in close towards me and said, "I know a secret." 




"Don't waste my time, Miss Noble," I mumbled in annoyance as I pulled my keys out.




Smiling like some dummy who didn't hear a word I said, Karen met my eyes and mumbled "I know that you lie."




Not wanting to entertain her nonsense anymore, I pushed the car door open, and as I was about to get out, Karen uttered, "Does Luna know that her sister spent a night at your house and not a motel?"




The annoyance that I felt quickly shifted into anger, and I sat back in the car, slamming the door shut, and then asked, "Do you have proof of this nonsense!" 




"No, but I saw you leaving campus with her in your car," Karen said in a defensive tone.




Staring at her in annoyance, I took a deep breath and said, "Get out of my car, Miss Noble. I have a class to teach."




"I want you!" Karen abruptly said, gazing directly into my eyes.




"Stop spitting rubbish and get out. I don't have time to entertain a love confession from someone I have no feelings for."




"Are you not afraid that if you refuse me, I will take my anger out on Blake?"




A sly smile surfaced on Karen's lips as I leaned towards her, close enough to inhale her warm breath.




"I don't take people's threats very lightly, Miss Noble! I have no use for you, so get the fuck out of my way or you might get hurt, really badly!" I told her, gazing deep into her nervous gaze.




The corner of her lips raised into a mocking smile, and then she whispered, "The hunt started last night, and I bet Blake is at your place. That's why no one can track her scent, just like the first time she went missing."




Within a second, I had my hand around Karen's throat, and I banged her against the car door, giving in to my anger. But that smug smile didn't fade off her face.




"Should I convince my dad to search your house, and see if I am right?" Karen whispered with a smirk.




Overcome with anger, my fingers grew tighter on Karen's neck, and she finally began to struggle, gripping onto my hand.




Then she grabbed my wrist and strived to pull my hand from around her throat, and when she finally started making choking noises, I loosen my grip on her neck.




Immediately, she drew a deep breath and clutched her chest, coughing slightly.




"Keep pushing your luck with me, and I wouldn't mind making Mr. Noble fatherless. Take this as a warning and get your ass out of my car!" I told her, suppressing my wolf. 




"I don't do well with threats," Karen calmly said with a coy smile.




"Neither do I." 




"Mmmh. I will leave for now. Take my confession into consideration. Until we see each other again, Nero."




After staring at me for a brief while, Karen pushed the car door open and got down, slamming the door shut.




Why is my life getting tricky again? It's like the more I try to live right, I'm haunted by my bloodline, and I'm dragged back to the killing and darkness.




This time I am trying to do it morally and kill the right people, avoiding the innocent ones. Something I regret not doing in the past. But now, I feel like it's getting impossible each day to play the nice guy, especially with this beast inside.




After getting to class a couple of minutes later, I tried not to pay attention to Karen and teach, even though during the entire lesson she had her eyes on me.




When my one-hour, twenty-five-minute lecture finally ended, I left the classroom and stopped in the hallway as I watched Luna wave at me with a smile on her face.




"Luna," I mumbled, approaching her.




Then I walked over to her, and she giggled softly before mumbling, "Hey you,"




"What are you doing here?"




"Do you want to grab breakfast together? I didn't eat anything before coming here." 




Inside, I was smoking with anger, and yet my face didn't lose its calm expression when I picked up Karen's scent behind me.




Then her voice speared through my ear, making me feel a stab of anger in my heart, "So cheesy."




"Karen," Luna said, her eyes darkened with hate.




"Luna!" Karen uttered, crossing her arms.




"Let's go," I told Luna as I grabbed her by her hand.




Then I walked away with Luna, and she obediently followed. As we headed down the hallway, I could feel people's eyes on her, and a few students even took a picture of us.




Getting close to Loki's favorite daughter to earn his trust and the respect of the pack was the perfect move.




When we got in the parking lot, I stop, and she did, looking adorably at my face. 




"My car or your car?" I asked.




"Yours,"




"Great."




A while later, I drove the vehicle in front of the cafe and parked it. Then Luna and I got down from the car and walked inside.




When we took a seat at the corner of the room, she looked at me with excitement in her eyes and said, "There's another reason I asked you to come here!"




"Okay, I'm listening," I said.




"The full moon is approaching. We have only a few days to prepare for it. By then my pack will be expecting me to" 




"To mate?"




"Yes. The sooner I am marked, the better. The clan will not accept an unmarked Luna, especially a she-wolf. My mother is hopeful that it will happen this full moon since I will be nineteen next year. But that's not what I wanted to ask you about."




"Ok-kay."




A look of disappointment crossed Luna's face, and even though I noticed it, I said nothing.




As a pure Alpha, I can have more than one partner, and being a cursed wolf, I have no emotional attachment to anyone which makes it even more simple. 




But even though I knew what Luna was asking of me, I felt hesitant because the full moon will be the time Blake is assumed to have her first transformation.




It's going to be a whole lot of pain and emotional for her, and I can't leave her in the care of Jason, knowing how unstable Blake can get.




"Can you come to the pack run with us? Since you are new in town, it will help others warm up to you and accept you." Luna uttered, lowering her gaze to the floor.




"I can't," I told her, and I could just see the color drain from her face.




My wolf is wild, and I haven't transformed since sixteen years ago, and also, Loki knew my wolf.




"Please tell me I am not the only one that feels the bond between us?" Luna suddenly uttered, pouting at me.


Both sisters believe me to be their mate? What game was fate playing on me here!


###chapter 13

Third Rejection 
******************Luna POV***********




Getting rejected twice by Nero had me at the last limit of my patience, and now that I have played the bond card, I waited eagerly for him to take the bait.




My mother was right all along. Killian is my mate. I felt it last night, even though I tried to dismiss the feeling by getting angry at him and striving to feel hostility toward him.




But not in a million years will I admit it. That I have been bonded with a lothario. Also, he was not that desirable in wealth and appearance, and no matter what, I deserve the best, which is Nero.




"Are you going to say something?" I asked, pouting at Nero because it had been a while now and he had not answered my question.




Suddenly, a young man appeared out of nowhere at our table and happily intoned, "Welcome to 'hotshot cafe.' How can I help you two?"




"She will be ordering," Nero said, staring at him.




The waiter gazed at me, and even though I could feel his eyes on me, I maintained eye contact with Nero and asked, " You don't feel it, do you?"




"Feel what?" Nero uttered as though his brain didn't register what I had said, and that pissed me off.




"This strong bond between us, almost like electricity dragging us closer to each other?" I told him, describing exactly what I felt when I saw Killian last night.




"I do. I do feel it!" Nero said, his eyes flared with excitement.




Shock clamped my heart, and  I mumbled out loud without thinking, "You do?"




Then I hastily smiled and said, "You do! Oh my, I'm not the only one who feels it!"




It's like the universe was precisely bowing down to my wants and giving me exactly what I expected, despite all odds.




"But I can't claim you or mark you just yet," Nero said, fixing his eyes on mine with a look of sincerity in his eyes.




"What? Why?!" I blurted out.




It's like my world came crumbling down on me when I heard those words, and I could feel the wealth and fame slipping out of my grip.




"Because I can't just claim the daughter of the Alpha of the Dark moonlight pack without gaining his acceptance and trust. It will be disrespectful of me to do so." Nero said with a straight expression.




Everything I craved was now at a standstill because Nero wanted my father's approval. I would think it was sweet of him if Karen wasn't itching for him, and I didn't know that Killian is my mate.




"My mother likes you, and so do I. Shouldn't that be enough?" I mumbled, giving him a weak smile.




"That's more than enough. But if I am to be the mate of the next Luna of the Dark moonlight pack, I need to make sure that our being together will not become an obstacle to your leadership." Nero said, taking my hand in his as he gave me a soft smile.




Even though I felt reluctant to admit it, Nero was right. My father still had the respect of the pack members, and if my father didn't approve of him, half of the pack wouldn't trust Nero.




A sigh escaped my lips as I watched his thumb caress against my hand. Then I gave into my sense of reasoning and said, "Okay. But once my father gave his blessing?"




"You will be mine. I promise." Nero uttered, and there was a steady calm in his eyes.




After our little conversation, I had a cup of coffee with a sandwich, and Nero wanted nothing and simply watched me eat.




Once I was done, we got back into his car, and he drove us back to my house, stopping his car in the yard.




"Do you want to come in for a drink?" I asked, hoping that I wasn't going to get the third rejection of the day.




But a sense of disappointment ran through me when Nero said, "I can't. My sister is coming home today, and I need to pick her up."




Then I finally got a glimpse of clarity on why I have been rejected three times.




"So that's why you can't come to the run with us during this full moon because of your sister?" I asked, hoping that my assumption was right and it wasn't something else.




"Yes," Nero uttered, and I felt a sense of relief wash over me.




"Okay then. Thanks for the lift." I said, reaching for the door.




After grabbing the handle, I slowly lost my grip on it and turned around to gaze at Nero.





Immediately, I gave in to lust, leaned towards his face. But he didn't pull back. Instead, he leaned closer, meeting my lips with his.




My heartbeat went wild as Nero kissed me, not gently, but passionately as though he wanted to devour my whole lips, nipping on it.




His tongue slipped inside my mouth, and my fingers grip his hair, pulling him. But he leaned back, making me draw in closer to his face and inhale his warm breath. It was nothing like I've ever experienced.




This was pure lust, and I knew it. But I didn't wish for it to end. I craved him, all of him, even though that wasn't what I truly wanted in my heart.




After our lips finally parted, I gazed into his eyes and realized that this was all I needed to know that he was mine, even if I wasn't his and that I was already bonded to someone else.




"That was," I mumbled, feeling a sense of shyness from the way he kept staring directly into my eyes.




"Intense?" Nero mumbled, giving me a half-smile.




"Yes."




"Mmmh."





After getting out of Nero's car, I waited for him to drive off before heading to the mansion in front of me.




The moment I entered the house, my mother grabbed my hand and led me upstairs with her, holding onto my wrist a bit too tightly that it hurt a little. But I said nothing and followed her to her bedroom.




After my mother shut the room door close, she and I kept silent for some time as she stared into my eyes.




"So did Nero agree?" My mother asked, her eyes glowed as she spoke.




"No," I said, keeping my expression neutral.




"What! Why?" 




"Because his sister is in town, and he can not make it that night because of her."




"What kind of stupid excuse is that!"




Her eyebrows snapped together as she threw me a hard look and lashed out, "He and his sister could have joined the run with us! That way we can know his family!"





Although I was annoyed by my mother's sudden outburst, her words made sense, and I grew frustrated at myself for not asking Nero that instead.




"Call Nero now and ask him!" My mother said with this eager look in her eyes.




"That will make me seem desperate!" I told her.




"Ain't you though!" 




"Mother!"




A steady, hostile gaze appeared in my mother's eyes, and she uttered, "Killian came here today after you left to see Nero!"




Anger burst through me, and I clenched my fist as I lash out, "What was that as Why was he here?!"




"To tell your father and me that you are his mate, and he wants our blessing to claim you." My mother said, her voice sharp with annoyance.




"Mother, I can not get mark by Killian! I am just going to be one of the many women in his bed!"




"Are you saying this because you don't feel the bond between you guys, or it's because you hate his guts?" 




"Both, mother. It's both!" I said, lowering my gaze from my mother's eyes.




Silence took over the atmosphere, and I could feel my mother's gaze on me. It was clear to me that she knew that I was lying. But I kept hoping that she would take my side and stand by me on this.




"I did more research on Nero, and except information about his success, there's nothing about his personal life or this sister that he speaks off." My mother said in a lifeless tone.




Raising my gaze to meet her eyes, I frowned and uttered, "It's the Internet. No one wants their life out there for everyone's eyes.".

.

It grew silent after my remark, and I studied the movement of my mother's eyes, wondering what she was thinking.




"You are just like your mom, sacrificing it all if that means you get to the top." My mother said, smiling at me. "It's no lie that Nero's wealth is powerful enough to make him a compatible mate for you."




"Okay, so" I asked, trying not to get too excited.




"If it's him that you choose, then go get him and stop at nothing until you do. Mother has your back." 




"I plan to do so." 





Now nothing could stop me from claiming what I want, and before the next full moon, I will make sure that Nero is mine.


###chapter 14

The day of the full moon
************Nero POV********




When the gentle morning light crept into my room, I rubbed my face before slowly opening my eyes. Then for about a few minutes, I didn't blink with my sight focused on the ceiling.




After lying still for a while, I threw the blanket off me and sat up in bed. Then I gently rested my feet onto the cold floor, got up, and walked into the bathroom.




Once I got undressed, I stepped into the shower, turned it on, and leaned my head against the glass, allowing the flow of warm water to beat on my skin. 




For days now, Blake has been keeping her distance. Today was the day of the full moon, and thankfully it's Sunday so I don't have to go on campus since during the full moon is when I find it the hardest to keep my wolf cage and stay in control.





After getting done with my shower and wearing something comfortable, I came downstairs for breakfast and met Blake seated at the table about to eat her plate of spaghetti she made.




When she lifted her head and met my gaze, she shot me a look of raw resentment, picked up her fork, and stabbed it into her spaghetti.




This has been our everyday life since we had sex, and I don't know why, but it bothered me a bit to get ignored by her, especially since it was repetitive.




"Do I not get a plate?" I teased, walking over to the table.




"What are your two hands for, or have you forgotten to use them?" Blake mumbled beneath her breath, not even raising her head to look at me.




There it was. The relentless rude comeback and attitudes, she keeps giving me, made my blood boil with rage and me tense with emotion.




Without replying to her, I walked out of the dining room and went into the kitchen, toasted a few slices of bread, fixed myself a cup of coffee before heading back into the living room.




The moment I sat down at the table, Blake rudely tossed her fork on the plate and said, "I lost my appetite!" 




"What the fuck is going on with you!?" I lashed out, feeling pissed now.




Not saying a word, Blake picked up the plate of half-full spaghetti and left her seat. But as she was about to walk past me, I stood up and grabbed her arm.




"I get it. You are mad about me not claiming you. But you don't have to be a bitch about it!" I lashed out, giving in to my anger.




The touch of disappointment on her face deepened into a frown. Then she gave a long stare and said, "You honestly think this about you not claiming me! I don't give a damn anymore if you don't!"




"Okay, then what's with the attitude?!" I asked, studying her eyes as they darted left and right as though she was striving not to cry.




"This is me taking the hint, Nero, and backing off! Detaching myself from you before I get too attached and get my heart shattered." Blake said, pulling her hand a bit. "Can you let go of me?" 




Slowly, I loosened my grip on Blake's arm, looked away from her, and mumbled, "I get that. But can you tone down the aggression a bit? It's not fun getting insults thrown at my face every now and then."




"Well, it's not fun either to know that you are parading around with my sister after having sex with me." Blake blurted out, her eyes flickered with defiance.




Finally, a reason behind days of unnecessary arguments like this one. And now that I had the rational idea of what all her outburst was about, I still don't know how to handle this!




"So you saw the photos," I mumbled, staring away from the rage in her eyes.




"That's all I'm gonna get!"




"What else do you need to hear?"




"How about giving me some damn explanation on what's your deal with my sister?! Are you two together or something?" 




Silence fell between us as Blake coldly stared at me and since I didn't know what to say to her, I kept gazing at the wild, dangerous glitter in her eyes.




"You are freaking unbelievable!" Blake finally said. "I can't wait for tonight to be over so I can get the hell out of here!"




Knowing that my next words were going to create another argument, I drew a breath and said, "You can't leave this house, not when I'm still your alpha."




"I have never met an indecisive person like you! You want to own me, but not fully claim me! Is this some kind of sick game to you? Messing with my emotions!" Blake said, staring at me stonily.




"It's not like that. Even though you can conceal your scent, you bear my smell after I marked you, and I don't want others to find out that mistakenly. So until the twenty-nine day can be over..." 




"Why does everything you say have to be so fucking hurtful!"




"Because you keep misunderstanding me. Those words weren't meant to hurt you." I said in a calmer tone, watching her eyes widen and rim with tears.




"But it did. Congratulations! I finally get the message! I'm going to stay here. Happy?!"




"Blake"




"Don't try to bandage the wound you cut open. You are just going to infect it even more!"




For a moment, I stood still, not knowing how to react as I stared at the tears trailing down Blake's face.




Then my hands squeezed into fists, and I walked out of the dining hall, heading upstairs.




When I got into my room, I slammed the door shut and shouted out, "Fuck!"




This was not what I signed up for when I decided to leave my pack and come here. It wasn't a part of the plan to get entangled with my very emotional enemy's daughter and lose my focus. Now I have no solid idea on how to handle this situation I have gotten intertwined in with Blake.




Walking away from the door, I headed to my bed and dropped flat on the mattress. Then the silence in my room faded as I listened to her cry.




If only I had not done what I did in the past and said those words, will I still care about Blake? But that question remains a dilemma to me that I can not seem to decide on.




After lying in my room for quite a while, my phone buzzed, and I gazed at the screen to see Jason's name flashing on it.




After answering his call, I heard him say, "How's Blake?"




"End the call if she is what you call to ask me about!" I said in annoyance  "Also, what's up with your caring attitude towards her?" 




"You were the one who told me that she's not her father and I shouldn't hate her. Plus, we are going to have a full moon today. The first shift can make a wolf have a bad temper and raging hormone."




"Damn it!"




Now, I felt pissed out at myself because I forgot what it felt like to go through your first shift. Even though Blake was angry at me, the effect of the changes happening in her body was boosting that rage.




"What?" Jason's voice rang in my ear.




"Nothing," I mumbled. "Are you sure that you don't want to be with us at the villa when the full moon hits?"




"An Alpha, an Beta, and whatever Blake is, huddled in on place is a recipe for disaster. Blake is a handful. Handle her, and I will take care of myself."




"Okay, see you tomorrow then."




After ending the call with Jason, I realized that I have been laying in my room for the longest because the time was now twelve on the dot.




Hesitant, I tossed my phone on my bed and headed out of my room. When I finally reached Blake's bedroom, the door was locked, and I could hear the sound of soft cries. 





"Blake, are you okay?" I called, resting his palms against the wooden door frame as I listened. "Can you open the door Please?" 




After waiting for a brief while, the door opened, and my gaze landed on Blake.




Both of us stared at each other for a while in silence, then I stroked my jaw and mumbled, "Is everything alright? Do you need anything?"




"I'm okay. Isn't it normal to be in pain during your first transformation?" Blake said with wet eyes. "Painful, but natural. Nothing to worry about." 




"Can you handle it? I can get some pills or something to help with the pain." I softly said with my eyes fixed on hers.




Pulling her brows together in a frown, Blake pushed her hair back and asked, "Are you going to do that for me or yourself?" 




Touching the base of my neck, I tried not to get annoyed, struggling to understand her, and asked, "What?"




"You know To stop me from whining in your ears." Blake mumbled, her eyes flicked to me and away again. " I know you are annoyed."




"I"




"You know what, it's fine. Forget about it. I don't need some stupid pill. I'll be fine after the full moon."




With a frown, Blake tried to shut the door, but I blocked it with my foot.




"Can you leave? I'm not in the mood to argue!" Blake harshly said, turning away for me and walking back into the room.




The aggression in her tone, the anger glowing in her eyes, the continued switch between moods, all of those left me with no doubt that her wolf was fully going to wake today.




My biggest concern now is what's going to happen when it's unleashed, and Blake has no control over it.




Usually, it can take a couple of weeks or until six months before anyone can control their wolf and calm it down. But what arises when there's no time frame for someone who's detached from their wolf?
Her Transformation, and what she is
The pale crescent half-moon shone like a bright bulb in the sky, and the cloud looked peaceful while I gazed at the window.




As the noises of nature echoed into the room, Blake was deep in sleep. Then a sudden movement on the bed caused my attention to sway toward her, and she slowly raised her eyelashes before shutting them.




Since it was her first transformation, it was quite slow, and Blake was subjected to three hours of intense pain, and I got worried and gave her some pills.




After taking it, she fell asleep and has been sleeping for close to two hours now.




Knowing that the full moon was up, and she could go through her transformation any time, I have been sitting here, waiting for the moment to happen.




"Ah!" Blake abruptly moaned as she shifted her head left, then right.




Although I tried to ignore it, I couldn't because her cry was becoming more of a growl. So I approached the bed, tapped her on the arm, and mumbled, "Blake, wake up."




Suddenly her eyelids raised, and I could see that her eyes were now red like dark blood, and I felt paralyzed, staring into them.




"Nero," Blake whispered with confusion in her gaze.




Looking at her face, I watched her eyes glow with a glimpse of discomfort clouded in them. Then she reached for her blouse and took it off, tossing it on the floor.




"What are you doing?" I asked, staring as she pulled down her shorts and removed her legs from them.




"It feels uncomfortable," Blake mumbled, the glow in her eyes becoming more intense. "My body feels weird and ticklish."




My mind went blank for a moment when I noticed the white thin hair covering her skin. Freaking unbelievable! Her wolf was actually really to show itself after nineteen years of being hidden away.




"Argh!" A loud, robust cry rushed from her lips as Blake grabbed the sheet, yanking them tightly.




It was happening, and Blake looked in so much pain as she continued staring at my face with moist eyes and tear-stained cheek.




Pulling the sheet upward as her fists tightened on it, Blake's chest raised aggressively, and although I was expecting a cry, she groaned fiercely.




Then I heard a shredding noise, and when I gazed at the sheet, I saw her nails growing, ripping into the cloth as she pulled harder on the blanket.




Slowly, I took a step back without taking my eyes off her, realizing the change in the force from the energy she was releasing. It was nothing like I have felt before.




Once Blake's normal human hands had got maimed and her skin peels away, I watched them get repaired with the large, hairy, clawed hands, and saliva-like substance oozed out along with blood from her snapping joints. 




Her roar got louder with raw pain in every cry she made, and I stopped four feet away from her as I gazed at her entire body molding itself into its new werewolf shape.




The sound of Blake's bones snapping sent chills down my spine, and I watched the gruesome transformation of her skin shredding in some places and stretching in others.




Then my gaze swayed towards her ears, stretching up out of the side of her head.




The transformation process was near its completion, and I could see her wolf, even though Blake was still there. It was like finally understanding when she said, "To be honest, it's like it has a psyche of its own and does whatever it wants."




It was simply amazing as I watched Blake's face pushed forward and split away as a snout forms, her jaw dislodged to make room for a massive maw.




Then a howl escaped from her throat as fangs fit for a flesh-tearing spurt through her gums.




Speechless, that's how I felt as I gazed at a giant white wolf with bloodthirsty red eyes on the bed, looking directly at me.




"Blake?" I mumbled, realizing exactly what kind of wolf she was. 





Ultima! That's exactly what she was. That's why her scent was so confusing from the very beginning because she was neither alpha nor omega.





 "Ultima," are wolves that are higher than us, Alpha and Luna. They are the strongest in the pack and are very dangerous. When angered, their eyes turn red, and they can sometimes go insane with rage, or even can kill instantly if they wanted to.




Provoking me into harboring an unstable Ultima in my home, and even making it imprinted on me! What the fuck was the moon goddess thinking when my destiny was getting written.




Keeping her eyes on mine, she howled with the force of a thousand thunder. Finally, I stopped suppressing my wolf and allow it to wake, not knowing what Blake was going to do next.




When she took a step towards me, I remained still, keeping alert, and ready to strike. Even though these breeds of werewolves are extremely powerful, Blake was still weak, and she couldn't take me on even if she tried. But I didn't plan on letting my guard down.




Slowly, Blake got out of bed. Then she moved gently to me, and when there was barely any space between us, she met my eyes and suddenly wagged her tail.




Then she leaned towards my cheek and licked it, almost as though she was showing a sign of affection.




Was this it? Was I truly bonded with an Ultima? After years of thinking that finding my mate wasn't possible, this happens. But why can't I feel it?




How did Luna explain the connection of the bond again? Right! A strong electricity, drawing us towards each other. That's how it's supposed to feel like. But I felt nothing.




Suddenly, Blake nudged my shoulder with her head, and I couldn't help but smile. She was a cute wolf, despite her huge size.




"Hi," I mumbled, stroking her smooth fur. "You can't leave the villa. So you have to be good tonight and not cause problems for me."




It seems like she understood me because, after my remark, she let out a slow growl and gently licked my face again.




"Good, girl," I mumbled, smiling a bit widened this time as I scratched her fur.




Not in a million years would I have guessed this was where I was going to be, presently. But here I am with an unstable, powerful wolf that claimed me as her mate. 




What's going to happen when she finds out what I cost her, and that I'm not her mate but the enemy?




Will these same jaws that puffed air in excitement want to snap my neck? Even if that's the case, revenge is greater than sentiments, and I must have mine, even if that means I get dragged to hell with all of my foes.







###chapter 15
Cage me or set me free
*****************Blake POV***************




When I raised my eyelids, the light from the sun seemed too bright, so I shut my lashes. Then I tried to move, but I sensed an intense pain in my body.





My muscles were aching, and it was not because I was lying on the floor, instead of the bed. 




Last night's transformation took a toll on me. But I felt awake, and I could sense my wolf more accurately now, even though I still didn't have control over her or a stable connection with her.




After a while, I finally opened my eyes again, and at first, my sight was dim, then my eyes adjusted to the light, and I could now see everything. 




Immediately, my gaze rested on Nero's chest, and I could feel the weight of his hand around my waist.




Slowly, I attempted to wake up, but his hand pulled me closer, pressing me against his body, causing me to struggle a bit in his arm when I realized he had a boner.




"Don't move. I don't think I can control myself if you keep shaking." Nero mumbled with his eyes still closed.




Then his lashes slowly lifted, and I was staring directly into his calm eyes.




"Why are we on the floor," I whispered, feeling nervous from his gaze.




"Because your wolf was too big for the bed," Nero said as he gave me a dull smile.




Darting my eyes away from him, I looked at the ceiling and mumbled, "Can you let go? The floor feels cold and hard."




At first, Nero continued to keep me in his grip. Then he finally let go, and I left from under the blanket, standing to my feet.




It took me a hot embarrassing second to realize it, and when it hit me that I was naked, I yanked the blanket off Nero and wrapped it around my body.




 A chuckle escaped his lips, and I could feel my face growing hot as he turned to look at me with those alluring eyes of his.




"I think we have passed that stage." Nero teased, awakening from the floor.




Then he took a step towards me, but I drew back, knowing nothing good would come out of us being closer, even though I felt drawn by every inch of him.




"Is your body feeling a bit better?" Nero asked, stopping a foot away from me.




We were too close, too close for my comfort zone. Ever since he bit my neck, I have been attracted to him, making it so damn hard to resist him, even though I have been trying my hardest to do so. And now that my wolf has fully awakened, this shit has become even more difficult.




"I'm fine. Now, can you create a six feet distance between us!" I mumbled, pulling my gaze to the floor.




Instead of doing what I ask, Nero took a step towards me, breaking the space between us, and claimed my mouth, lightly tugging my bottom lip with his teeth.




The crazy dilemma that was happening in my head at that moment was infuriating. I wanted this! I didn't want this! At this point, I couldn't tell between what I wanted and what my wolf craved.




However, I gained the strength to draw back, putting a five feet space between us, and then aggressively wiped my lip.




A frown crossed Nero's face, and I couldn't tell what was going on behind his calm eyes.




 My heart was pounding wildly in my chest and I could hear the beat in my ears as I lashed out. "Why are you kissing me all of sudden? Can you stop sending mixed signals!"




Without uttering a word, Nero walked towards me, and I felt like my feet were glued to the floor as I kept my gaze fixed on his eyes.




When he stopped, I drew a breath, inhaling the air he was exhaling because of how close our body was.




"This is not a joke. You need to get a grip on your pheromones. It's getting harder to restrain myself." Nero calmly uttered, his gaze piercing into my soul. 




"I don't know what to do!" I said in annoyance. "This is not my doing!" 




When Nero raised his brow and frowned at me, I felt infuriated and shouted, "This is all your fault for showing up in my life and arousing emotions that I hate!"




"The feeling is mutual," Nero said with delicate disdain.




Those words hurt more than I expected them to, and I suppressed my emotion, hardening my face to mask my pain.




The silence between us lasted for a while. Then he said with an exaggerated sigh, "I should get ready for work."  




Watching as he walked out of the room, I felt a tightness in my chest that I refused to acknowledge until the door slammed shut.




Not giving in to my tears, I dropped the sheet off me and walked over to the closet.




After finding something comfortable, I got dressed, headed over to the nightstand, and got a hold of my phone.




Why was I still active on our school website and most of the student blogs and vlogs even though it was depressing? It's because I wanted to stay informed.




It was no secret that after going rogue, it wasn't going to be long before the hunt for me started, and this was the only way I knew how to get information.




The good thing was, I have been using an anonymous account for years, and no one knew it was me.




Once I was comfortable in bed, I hit on the video that Karen uploaded a few minutes ago, scowling the moment her irritating voice echoed into my ears.




"Good morning, boos! Last night was lit, wasn't it!" Karen said with a fake ass smile that made me want to barf. 




Frustrated with the video already, I skipped through a few seconds and then stop.




"Oh, congratulations, Jeremy. Yesterday, you went through your first transformation at age fourteen. Good for you! At least, we all now know that you are not wolfless!" 




Is it possible to hate someone more than you already do? Because the more I stare at Karen and listen to her lousy voice, my hate for her just keeps expanding.




"Speaking of wolfless, so far Blake hasn't been found yet. After, acting dauntlessly in the class and getting her ass exiled. She's now hidden away like some coward." 




The fury I felt because of that remark was indescribable, and with every other word that came out of her lips, I could sense my anger intensifying.




"Why act like a wolf when you are a wet dog. Wolf less freak. I'm not her, but I feel so embarrassed just thinking how fuck up she is!" 




The sound of her mocking laughter, the fact that she had a thousand views, and that people were liking her outrageous video with every passing second, enraged me to my very core.




The longer I watched her go on and on about me, I could feel myself slipping away and my wolf taking over.




Within a split second, I swung my hand, throwing my phone at the wall, and watching it slam into the solid concrete before jumping out of bed.




Then I headed out of my room, went straight to Nero's bedroom,  and walked inside since his door was unlocked.




The room was empty, but I picked up his scent in the bathroom. So I headed inside.




"Blake!" Nero called out, sounding annoyed.




Ignoring the anger in his eyes, I frowned and said, "I want to go back to school."




"What!" Nero mumbled as he stared at me like I was losing my mind.




Knowing that he heard me the first time, I kept quiet, frowning at him.




"Fine. If that's what you want, I can try and find a way to get your transcript, and you can attend a school abroad." Nero finally said.




"No. I'm going back to my old school." I told him.




Without uttering a word, Nero walked past me and headed into his room. But I was hot on his heels.




"I am serious," I shouted out when our eyes locked.




"You are not going back to that school," Nero said with a straight face.




Speechless from anger, I watched him walk over to the bed and pick up his shirt. 




"You must be kidding, right?" I mumbled, feeding off the anger that burst through me.




"Do I look or sound like a joker?!" Nero coldly uttered as he buttoned his shirt.




"My life doesn't belong to you, nor does it revolve around you! You can't just go about interfering in my life like it's yours!"




"It does! I am one of the only people here who doesn't want to end your damn life! And I'm not going to sit back and allow you to make reckless decisions that are going to get you hurt."




"My death is not yours to worry about!" 




The room fell silent as Nero gave me a shut-your-mouth glare. Then he grabbed his pants and said, "Don't push me to my limit, Blake!"




"I don't care. I have a few scores to settle with some people and not even you can stop me from doing that!" I lashed out, tightening my fist.




"That's great for you. But do that now, and you will be dragging me into your shit!" 




"Then toss me back on the street! I'm ready to sleep on the sidewalk!"




"The damage is already done. I can't throw you on the street even if I want to! Because of you, my back is against the wall, and my hands are tied!"




Suddenly, a gentle knock on the door echoed into the room, and I held back my tongue when I heard Jason's voice, " Guys, is everything okay in there?"




Swaying my attention away from the door, I looked at Nero and said, "My mind is made up, so except you are prepared to cage me in this house, I am walking out of here."




"If you do this, if anything happens to you, I wouldn't be able to intervene or get you out of it!" Nero coldly uttered. "So think about your decision carefully."




Meeting his eyes, I felt hesitant for a moment. Then I sunk into the madness of my rage and said, "I already did, and I don't need you to be my knight in shining armor." 



Exactly as I fear
*************Nero POV**********




When I believe that things couldn't get any shitter, it does, and now, Blake has become more rebellious than before after her transformation.




There was this crazy look in her eyes as I stared into them, and I knew nothing I said was going to make a difference, yet I still gave it a try.




"Okay, you want to go to school then go. I will not be responsible for you. Transport, feeding, and any other thing will be your problem for the remaining days you will be in this house!" I said, striving to get my anger under control.




"Find! I will get a job then!" Blake uttered, her voice had a surprise in it and a bit of an edge.




The arrogance in her tone set me off and I lashed out, "Blake!" 




Her eyes rolled in the back of her head, and she said in a defiant tone, "You worry about your life, and whatever mess you have going on with my sister. And I will worry about myself and not dying!"




Immediately, I snapped and lashed out, "Get out!" 




"I will!" Blake mumbled without breaking eye contact with me.





Her eyes flickered with defiance as Blake stared at me. Then she stormed out of my room, slamming the door.




Everything was falling apart so fast, and my brain hurt just by thinking about it.




Suddenly the door opened and my gaze met Jason's eyes as he called out, "Nero," 




"What?" I said, more harshly than I intended to.




"Blake just walked out of the house, claiming she needs fresh air. What the heck is going on between Blake and you?" 




"Nothing!"




Immediately, he threw me a hard stare and said, "Nothing? Try me with something more believable!" 




"Things are just becoming more complicated than I anticipated," I mumbled, sitting at the edge of the bed.




"I warned you from the very beginning, Nero. If you need a fresh start, you shouldn't get mixed up with Loki's daughter!" 




"I know. I know!" 




Frowning, Jason took a long look at me and then said, "Also, what are you doing with this Luna person?!"




"Nothing that should concern you," I mumbled, looking away from the anger in his eyes.




"What are you hiding from me, Nero!"




"Blake has already pissed me off, don't push me off the cliff before I lose my damn mind!"




Finally, the silence that I wanted, befell the room as Jason kept glaring at me without uttering a word.




"I got a class to teach," I mumbled as I stood from my bed.




"Last night!" Jason said, pausing as he met my eyes. "Did Blake transform?"




Frustrated, I rubbed my neck, feeling the tension in my shoulder. Then I studied his face for a moment and mumbled, "Ultima She is an Ultima." 




"Nero, what the fuc!!" Jason harshly uttered, his eyes widened. "Are you kidding me! She is not a simple wolf. An ultima! You got yourself mixed up in some serious shit."




"Believe me, I know."




"You know how powerful and rare her species of wolves are."




"I know!" 




Raising his brow, Jason scowled and said, "Do you! Her power is crazier than a true alpha, and if words get out there about what she is, they will come for her."




"Shut up!" I coldly uttered, annoyed that he was right.




"You know what they are like! They will use her over and over. They wouldn't care about what she wants or her life."




"I have a bigger concern than worrying about them and her. Blake is an adult, and she is capable of handling herself. Also, this is a small state, finding out who Blake is, will be difficult for them." 




"But not impossible!"




"That's not my problem."




And... things just keep getting better in the most troublesome way possible. That was not even on my mind, but Jason just had brought it up and made things even worse than I  thought it would get. Just great!




The silence in the room lasted for quite a while as Jason kept staring at me with a touch of disbelief in his eyes, almost like he was extremely disappointed in me.




"I should get going," I finally told him, pushing aside every thought in my head.




When Jason said nothing, I walked past him. But the moment I grabbed the door handle, he asked, "Are you just going to let her go back to school?"




"You heard her! I focus on myself, and she will do the same." I said, squeezing my hand tightly on the handle. "And that's exactly what I'm going to do. Blake is not my problem to care about."




After opening the door, I stopped in my tracks and gazed at Blake, standing in the hallway, glaring at me.




"When did you get here?" I subconsciously mumbled, worried that she must have overheard Jason and I conversations.




Running her finger through her hair, Blake gave me a smug smile and then said, "Just now. But I think I have heard everything I needed to hear."




Then she walked away, and after taking a few steps, she stopped, turned around, and said, "See you on campus, Mr. Fang."




Without saying a word, I turned away from her, and headed down the hallway, suppressing all my emotions.




An hour later, I arrived on Campus, and when I got to my class, it was half empty since I was a bit early, and only Luna was seated in the room.




"Morning," I mumbled, shocked to see her.




There's another problem I forgot that I had. Luna claimed that I am her mate which is just confusing. How was I supposed to tell if she was telling the truth when I am under this damn curse?




But it is because of my curse my father chose me for this mission since he trusted that I wouldn't fall in love with Luna while using her to get the information that I need from her father.




Things were not supposed to go far between us, and I am not allowed to claim her. It's a straight order from my dad. But what am I supposed to do now that she is insisting that there is a bond between us?




Which sister is being truthful with me, and which isn't? I can't tell, and it is just so annoying! Yet, Luna seems like a safer choice than Blake, and I couldn't help feeling like things will be easier with her.




With a warm smile on her lips, Luna left the chair, walked up to me, and then stopped a foot away from me before mumbling, "Good morning, Nero."




Her eyes were fixed on my gaze as she tiptoes to reach my height. Then when she leaned in closer and her lips were about to rest on mine, the classroom door burst open and Blake stormed inside.




Locking eyes with me, she sneered and said, "Book a hotel or motel room. This is a classroom for crying out loud, Mr. Fang!" 




When I left this morning, I was hoping that Blake's madness would die down, and she will give up her plan to come back to school. But now that she was here, I knew things were about to get worse as I fear.





How did she even get here so soon? That's the first thought that crossed my mind. But I couldn't ask Blake because she and I should not know each other personally.





Suddenly, Jason walked into the room, drew a breath, and abruptly said, "Did you have to run so fast?! We could have gotten a Uber as I suggested!" 




Turning his gaze on me, Jason's eyes locked with mine, and he was about to speak when I lightly shook my head, hoping that he got the signal.




Keeping silent, Jason stared intensely at me, and I could see thousands of questions hidden in his calm gaze.




"Sister!" Luna abruptly uttered, and her voice snapped me back to reality.




The nervousness I felt watching Blake coldly stared at her sister was unlike something that I have never felt before.  




Even though none of us spoke, the tension was raw and drastic, and every silent second had me wondering what was going to happen next. 








###chapter 16
She's My Mate
*************Blake POV***********




I'm standing in class, staring at Luna and Nero together, and my entire mind is blank.




Should I get mad? Is there a reason for me to get angry? Even though I bare his mark, he is not mine to claim, so is there even any use to make an issue of them being together?




Yet, it still hurt, more than I wanted to admit, more than I would allow myself to feel. 




"Sister," I replied, giving Luna a stiff smile, even though my heart felt like it was trapped in a thorn bush.




Staring into my eyes, Luna rushed towards me, grabbed my hand, and said, "Blake, you should not be here. You know what it means to be a rogue in this park. You are going to get yourself killed if you don't leave."




The deception in every word that she just uttered made me feel simply grossed out.  Since we were little, Luna hated me with every bone in her body, and my death, I believe, will be something she would enjoy. 




So whatever she said just now, felt more of an insult. Like, how stupid does she think I am?




"Just because I am a rogue, that doesn't mean I should forfeit getting my degree. I have endured all the bullying and pain to reach this stage. Won't it be cowardly of me to not finish?" I calmly said. 




Taking my right hand in hers, Luna pouted and said, "But sister father"




"I know how much you are worried about me, little sister. But trust me, I can take care of myself." I said, slowly pulling my hands out of her grip.




Then I patted her on the head and said, "Don't worry, big sister is old enough to handle her life. You don't have to stress yourself out about my life."




If she was going to make me uneasy with her phony concern, I didn't plan on being the only one uncomfortable. 




Even though she kept the smile on her face, I could see it in her eyes that she was irritated by my affection towards her.




After giving me a fake smile, she walked over to Nero, hugged onto his arms, and said, "Sis, I know that you already know Nero as your instructor. But I would like to introduce you to him as my mate."




Unable to control my emotion, I burst into laughter, genuinely thinking she was kidding, or it was some kind of a bad joke.




But when neither Nero nor Luna smiled, reality started to hit me, and not in a good way. 




Yet, I faintly chuckled out the discomfort I felt and sarcastically said, "I have been gone a few days, and you already have a mate?"




"Yes. I know it's still soon because we met a few days back. But mom and dad have already met him, and he and I feel the connection of our bond." Luna said with a prideful smile on her lips as she looked up at Nero like some lovesick puppy.




It felt as though I forgot how to feel when I looked away from Luna and stared into Nero's eyes.




I took a long look at him, hoping he would deny it and say something different. But when he didn't, I calmly asked, "You and her"




"Yes, Luna is my mate," Nero said with not a single emotion in his eyes.




"You must be kidding me." Jason scoffed, and I turned around to gaze at him.




From the look of anger in his eyes, it was clear that he didn't know about this, and the fact that Nero hid this from him made me curious as to why he did.




"Who are you?! I don't remember catching a glimpse of a person like you around here" Luna uttered, her voice a bit sharp.




"I'm someone who is none of your business to worry about!" Jason said, matching the exact energy she gave him.




If it was any other time, I would have smiled at how freaking good his reply was. But not today because I felt completely numb.




Focusing back on Nero, I studied his gaze, hoping that his eyes would tell me something, something less more painful than what I just heard. But he said nothing, looking at me with a casual expression, and I hated it because that meant Luna was telling the truth.




"Are you okay, sister?" Luna's voice drew me out of my emotions.




"Huh?" I mumbled, still feeling disturbed in my mind.




"Your eyes look watery."




"Uh?"




Hastily, I wiped my eyes dried with the back of my hand, sniffing softly. Then I gave Luna a smug smile and said, "I'm sorry for tearing up. I'm just so happy for you that I couldn't contain my emotions."




Now it made sense why he wanted no one to know that he marked me because he had found his mate, and I was just an act of lust from the very moment.




"Don't worry sister. Someday, hopefully, you will get to feel the joy of finding your mate." Luna cheerfully said, still hugging onto Nero's arm.




The thing is, sister, I have already found my mate, and he's the one the moon goddess chose to make yours.




How ironic! Even after pitying me and allowing my wolf to awaken, she still gives me a shitty fate. Bonding me to my sister mate, just freaking tragic!




"My class time is almost here, so how about we meet up afterward?" Nero said, focusing his eyes on Luna.




At this point, I felt like I was invisible. That he wasn't in the presence of the person that he just kissed this morning or went to bed with last night. 




Watching him being so concerned with Luna made me feel like I was irrelevant and everything that ever happened between us was not important to him, and I was in some awful, one-sided shit.




When the realization of all that settled in, I felt a wave of rage crashing through me, unlike something that I have never felt before. 




But this time, I wasn't planning to let my wolf take control because she came off as though she was about to murder someone.




So, with every bit of self-dignity that I had left for myself, I walked away from in front of them and headed over to the seat in the back.




Then my brow raised when Jason walked up towards me and took the seat beside me, giving me a faint smile before looking away.




Together, we watched as Luna leaned towards Neron's face, and the entire time I stared, I was squeezing my fist tightly.




But when their lips were about to meet, he slightly tilted his head and kissed her on the cheeks.




"Later?" Nero said, gazing into her eyes.




It was pretty obvious that Luna felt embarrassed when she gave me a side glance. Then she looked back at Nero, smiled, and said, "Sure. See you later."




When Luna walked away, Nero finally turned around to face us, and he looked directly at me, and immediately, I gazed the other way.




What's not meant to be, can never be forced. So even though I felt so freaking emotional about him choosing Luna over me, I knew that there was nothing I could do about it.




The sound of the classroom door opening got my attention, and I turned my focus to the doorway. 




My classmate came walking into the room. But when they saw me, all of them had this expression on their faces as though they had seen a ghost.




  "It's funny that I mentioned you today in my video, and you suddenly show up on campus," Karen uttered, glaring at me. "I guess that saying, 'speak of the devil and she will reveal herself, ' is true." 




"Nobody says dumb shit like that, Karen, except you!" I calmly said without breaking eye contact with her.




"Can you two not start now! This is my class time, and whatever issue you guys have, you both can settle it after my lecture." Nero said, his voice was thick with authority as he scowled at me.




But I didn't care for the anger in his eyes, I was more concerned about the fury I felt for Karen and the stupid smirk on her face.




"Nero, can you stay out of this!" Karen said rudely. "Blake is a rogue, and her presence here is illegal. So she needs to get turned over to our leader, so she can receive her punishment."




"If you feel that way, then come and seize me if you have the balls to do so!" I casually uttered, resting back in my seat as I laid my head on both of my palms.




"Being an outlaw must have really messed with your head for you to think that you can take me on!" 




"You have no idea!" 




In that instant, Karen's eyes turned blue and she looked like she didn't just want to hurt me, but made sure she did it until I stopped moving.




"The hunt is about taking your life, so even if I do, it will be lawful to do so!" Karen said, giggling like some evil psychopath.




Suddenly Nero stood in her way, and his voice was dominant as he said, "No one is killing anyone in my class! I don't need the headache of answering to the board about something that messy!"




"Protecting her like always, I see, Mr. Fang." Karen scoffed, narrowing her eyes at me.




"I'm not protecting her, or anything like that!"




"Then step aside!"




When Karen threw me a dirty look and said, "Stop hiding like some coward and face me!"




"You heard her, prof, step aside," I harshly said, standing from my seat.




Turning around to face me, Nero's eyes grew red as he said in an emotionless tone, "Can you shut up and sit down, Blake!"




Something about the way he said those words made me want to obey him, and yet, I also had my eyes on Karen, and the look in her eyes compelled me to want to hurt her, really badly for all that she had put me through.








His so-called sister
Standing still with my hand clutched to my side, I could feel everyone's eyes on me, but Nero had my full attention as I stared into his red eyes.




Slowly, I felt my wolf calming down, obeying him. Even though I didn't want to let go of my rage, she was in full control, and I couldn't push her against her will, or force a transformation if she didn't want to.




No matter how much he denies it, and I tried to hate him for it, he was my alpha, I bear his mark, and there was no changing that until the twenty-nine days is over, or except he rejects me.




Still staring into his eyes, I slowly unclenched my fists and then sat down, striving my best not to look at Karen.




"Miss Noble, if you are not here to learn today, then get out!" Nero said, his voice had a rim of authority in it when he spoke.




"If you are not protecting her, then what do you call this!" Karen lashed out.




"I call this stopping my class from turning into a bloody battlefield!" 




"Really! Then what's your excuse for allowing Blake to stay at your place, huh!?"




The class grew wholly quiet, and I turned my focus on Nero, noticing the look of anxiety in his eyes.




Then it suddenly came to my mind what it meant for Nero, if he was involved with me. Although Nero refused to claim me, he had been nothing but kind to me, and I kind of hated myself a bit for putting him in the spotlight like that.




Even though I was mad at Nero, I didn't want him to get hurt or in a problem because of me.




"Nero, is what Karen said true?" I heard Luna's voice, and I turned my focus to the doorway, staring at her walk inside.




"Luna!" Nero hastily said, gazing at her with a touch of concern on his face.




From his expression, I didn't need to hear him say it, his eyes already told me that he was about to deny me, and even though that's what I wanted so he will be safe, I didn't wish to hear it from him.




"What bullcrap are you saying now, Karen!" I giggled, staring coldly at her. "Why would Mr. Fang wants to associate himself with someone like me!"





When Karen raised a brow, I gave a smug smile and said, "As you announced before, I don't have a shot with anyone here because I am weak and worthless. How can I then have a chance with Mr. Fang? Look at him! Do I look like the type he will want? So yeah, you straight-up spill trash!"




With all my might, I was fighting back tears because those words cut deeper than I intended them to, and I kept a smirk on my lips to mask the pain.




"Also, I have never been to Mr. Fang's house!" I declare in an unconcerned tone. But I care, I care that everything we share had to be covered with a lie like it was a sin.




"Okay! Then where the hell was you when you were missing for the first time and these few days?!" Karen said out loud, crossing her arms.




"My whereabouts are none of your damn concern!" 




"Right, because all that you have said earlier is a bloody lie!"




Striving to act calm, I sneered and darted my eyes as I tried to come up with something to say.




"If you weren't with Nero, then where have you been, sister." Luna calmly said, but her eyes told a different story, a vicious one.




As I was about to speak, Jason suddenly held my hand, laced his fingers with mine, and declared, "She was with me. Blake has been with me all this while." 




"Who are you again?" Luna coldly asked, scowling at him.




Swaying my gaze off my sister, I looked at Jason, squinting my eyes as he boldly uttered, "As I told you before, who I am is none of your damn concern." 




"Watch how you speak to her!" Nero uttered, his voice steely.




Like a true mate, he was being protective of her, and this sucks, watching them be this intimate.




"This is the dark moonlight pack territory, and I have never seen you until today. So answer my questions now, or else, you will have to answer to my father. Believe me, option one will be the best for you if you don't want to lose a few pounds of blood." Luna coldly uttered with this dark look in her eyes.




Now, Jason was cut in this tricky web that I have made, and I had to figure out some way to get him out.




"He worked at the motel that I stayed at that night, and since then we hit it off, and I have been hanging out with him, crashing at his place." I hastily said, looking at Luna.




Then I gazed back at Jason and mumbled, "Didn't you say, you came here from a small city, hoping to find a better job?" 




"Huh?" Jason muttered, lowering his brows.




It took a second, then his eyes widened as he said, "Yes. That's right."




"A few days as a rogue and you are already hanging out with the improper crowd. This is why we hunt down rogues and kill them so that the same thing that happened to Nero's pack can't happen to our pack!"  Karen harshly uttered.




Curiosity crawled its way into my heart, and I subconsciously mumbled, "What happened to Mr. Fang's pack?"




"It seems like you don't know Nero as I thought you did." Karen sneered as she rolled her eyes. "His entire pack got slaughtered by a bunch of filthy rogues and only him and his sister survived!"




What the heck was that lousy story! Nero's pack got murdered by rogues, and he has a sister! Although I knew next to nothing about him, I knew Jason was Nero's beta, so how can it be possible that his entire pack died, except for him and who! Who the hell is this sister of his!




Focusing her eyes on Nero, Luna softly smiled and said, "How's your sister?"




"Well, she left this morning." Nero casually uttered, and my eyes widened.




How the heck was I sleeping under the same roof with him, and knew absolutely nothing about his sister being in the country and visiting him?




"Already?! That's unfortunate. I was planning to pick a day and come over to your place to see her." Luna mumbled, sounding disappointed.




But I didn't care about her tone but what she said. Although it doesn't make much sense to me, if Nero claims to have a sister who was living with him, then that means one thing. He was talking about me. So he's telling everyone that I'm his so-called sister.




Couldn't he come up with a better lie? I mean, he and I had sex. That's not something you do with your sister, and now, thinking about it, the story felt disgusting.




"I'm sorry. She is a bit of a headstrong, difficult, and rebellious spirit person, and if she wants to do something, even if it's stupid and irrational, nothing is going to stop her from doing it. So, she woke up this morning, claimed that she missed home, and left." Nero said while staring at Luna.




But I felt every word he uttered, and it wasn't a secret that he was talking about me and not his so-called imaginary sister. 




"Oh, I see. But it's kind of your fault for spoiling her so much." Luna teased, giving him a warm smile.




Spoil her? Was I spoiled when it came to Nero? Well, he did except a lot of things from me that could have gotten me badly beaten if I did it to anyone in the pack, so, I would say, he was way easier on me than anyone else I have come across.




Staring at his watch, Nero sighed and mumbled, "Twenty minutes of my class time have already been wasted, so can I have everyone seated so we can make use of the remaining minutes?!" 




The classroom was noisy for a while as everyone took their seats, and at last, it was only Karen, Nero, and Luna who were left standing.




"Miss Noble, please take a seat!" Nero announced, his voice calm and low.




Swaying her gaze off him, Luna stared at Karen and said, "Did you not hear what he said?"




"You are going against me for him?!" Karen uttered.




"Who are you to me for me to stand by you and not my mate?!"




"Your mate? But my broth"




"Miss Noble, your behavior is quite disrespectful. I don't think you want to make me mad. So if I am right, you will head to your seat."




No one was a stranger to Luna's ruthlessness, so it wasn't rare to see Karen quietly walk over to an empty seat and sit down.




The authority she had, her composure, and her beauty made her flawless, perfect enough to be the Luna of our pack and Nero's mate.




Even though the truth hurt, I needed to know that to understand my place and accept reality.




"Blake!"




That voice, even if I lose all of my memories, I will recognize it instantly. However, this time, hearing it made me feel different.




"Where the hell is she!" 




It was, 'the monster!' But at this moment I didn't need to think three times before I spoke or held back my tongue. Things were about to be different, and I felt determined to make it happen.



Something I never expected 
The classroom door suddenly burst open, and Loki walked inside with five betas plus Alaska and Loretta with him.




What a perfect family reunion! The father, the wife, the daughter, and the bastard child, in the same room along with the pack punishers. Just like the old days.




When Loki's gaze met mine, his face hardened and his eyes glowed red, staring at me with so much hate.




"Blake, come down here, now!" Loki shouted, clutching his fists tightly.




"You have legs, if you want me, come get me," I mumbled with a half-smile.




At that moment, Nero's eyes and mine accidentally met, and he looked as though he wanted to say something, but I lightly shook my head before looking back at Loki.




Those vicious eyes of his spared into mine, but I remained calm as he shouted, "Rude bastard!" 




"How could you be so bold to talk to your father like that?!" Loretta said, sounding like some concerned stepmother.




Just like in the past, playing a saint only to be the devil behind a closed door when it came to me. 




"Loretta, I would say it's nice to see you, but we both know that will be a lie," I mumbled, meeting her cold eyes.




"Blake, you are not making this situation any easier for yourself. After forcing father's hands to expel you, you are still being unreasonable and making this hard on yourself." Luna softly uttered, her eyes moist as she stared at me and then at Nero.




Then she looked back at me, and said, "Maybe you should beg our father. After all, you are still his flesh and blood, and if you are sincere, he might choose a lighter sentence than death for you."




This mother and daughter were getting on my last nerve with their fake-ass concern for me, and I could feel nothing but rage toward them.




"I only came here to finish school and get my degree. Not to get back with the pack or become Loki's daughter. I meant what I said back then and those words still stand. So there's no need to beg him." I told her.




It seems like those words enraged Loki because he suddenly screamed, "Get her arrogant ass down here!" 




For once, just for this moment, my wolf and I were bound because she hated my family as much as I hated them. 





After all these years of staying silent and allowing me to go through all the ill-treatment, I finally sensed her rage for them for the first time, and it felt good to know that she had my back.




Willingly, I give up the control of my body to my wolf and allow her to take charge. Within a second, I felt a power like nothing I ever felt before. It was like I was invisible and fully aware of my surroundings.




"Why are her eyes glowing red!" Loki said in a choked voice.




It was surreal and true at the same time. To be fully connected to my wolf as though we were one being was simply esoteric. I could hear each and everyone's heartbeat, their whispers were so loud, and their smell was precise.




"This can not be possible?!" Loretta said flatly. "How is she releasing energy similar to an alpha? No more, it is more intense than a true alpha's force?"




Her eyes were fixed with worry as she slightly shook her head as though she was hoping to wake up from a nightmare that was hunting her thoughts.




"Did you finally go through your first transformation?!" Loki abruptly asked, his eyes dull with bewilderment.




Swaying my gaze away from him, I stared at the punishers and asked, "What's the hold-up, guys?" 




As they were about to rush towards me, Loki stretched his hands out and shouted, "Everyone stop!"




A feeling of uncertainty clouded my head, and I could feel my wolf getting confused too which made both of us hesitate.




"Answer me, Blake," Loki said, gazing directly into my eyes. "Did your wolf finally awaken?"




The calmness in his tone, the way his expression had smoothed, and how a look of interest had lit up in his eyes had me honestly perplexed now.




"Yeah," I half-heartedly mumbled, running my finger through my hair to get it out of my face.




"When!? When did this happen, my child?!" Loki said with a smile on his lip.




His child! What sick daydream was I stuck in. The day Loki acknowledged me as his lad was a day I never saw happening, especially not after I became a rogue.




"Yesterday," I muttered, snapping my brows together.




"I knew it! I knew you weren't wolfless! How could you be when your moth..." Loki shouted before cutting off his sentence.




This entire conversation felt a bit too weird for my comfort, and I kind of preferred the old Loki that would yank me by my hair and slammed me against the wall, not the one standing before me smiling like some freak.




Looking at me with deepened interest, Loki chuckled happily and then said, "You have the scent and eyes of an alpha! Is it possible that your wolf is"




"Look here, Loki! I don't know what all these questions of yours are about, but I have a class to attend. So if you and your men are not here to arrest me, then can you stop disturbing my class time!" I harshly said, sick of his face and the grin he wore on it.




"Arrest you? Of course not!" Loki loudly uttered.




The sound of whispering in the class grew louder, and I was just as thunderstruck as all my classmates over my father's attitude. 





Swaying his gaze off me, Loki focused on the faces in the room and firmly declared, "From now onward, the hunt for Blake is revoked. Anyone who goes against this order will answer to me with their life!" 




All along, Nero was right. Me being wolfless was the only thing causing my father to detest me so much. 




Realizing that sickened me, and I hated him even more now that it was clear to me that I wasn't something he cares about until I was worth a thing to him.




"Blake, where have you been staying?" Loki abruptly asked, and I met his eyes, taking a long look at him.




"She was crashing at a motel with a foreign beta!" Karen suddenly uttered. "The dude seated beside her!"




A frown crossed my father's face as he focused on Jason and asked, "Young man, who are you to my daughter?!"




"Can you stop referring to me as your child!" I shouted, unable to suppress the annoyance that I felt hearing him say it so casually as though he had not been treating me awfully.




Ignoring my words, my father kept glaring at Jason, giving him a death stare as he said, "What happened? Cat got your tongue!" 




"Mmh," Jason whispered, looking nervously at me, then he eyed Nero.




"Jason and I are together, so don't you dare think about doing anything stupid to him!" I harshly blurted out, not giving myself a second to think straight.




"Together, together? Like he's your mate?" Luna asked, and my gaze swayed towards her.




It chilled me to the heart to think about the mess that I have just created. But then again, how else could I explain my relationship with Jason without getting Nero involved.




"Yes, he's my mate!" I boldly uttered, striving my hardest not to look at Nero, even though I could feel his eyes on me.




"You have a beta as your mate?" Loretta sarcastically said with mockery in her eyes. "Why are you such a disappointment in everything?"




"I am Loki's bastard, of course, I will take after him. After all, he married the daughter of a gamma. You are nothing special either, Loretta."  I said without breaking eye contact with her.




Giving me a poisonous stare, Loretta pointed her finger at me and lashed out, "You are considered a scourge! Our life has been so peaceful without you these past days! And now that you show up"




"Calm down, Loretta!" Loki said, throwing her a hard look.




Never did I assume a day would come when my father would stand by me, and not his so-called Luna.




Even though Loretta looked like her face was about to explore, she sealed her lips, and the silence from her felt just fantastic.




Blake, why don't you come back home? I don't think a motel is a great place for a young woman to be even if she's with her ma...mate." Loki said, giving me a frank look.




"You want to drag me back to hell?! No thank you. I would rather sleep on the street, than in a coffin for a bed." I said, not even second-guessing my decision.




From Loretta and her daughter's stonily gaze, I knew going back to that house would be the stupidest decision I could make.




"I know that it will take time to build back trust between us. So how about we take it little by little?" Loki calmly uttered.




Frustrated by his strong will, I narrowed my eyes and said, "I don't want any part of you"




"Before you refuse, hear me out. I will be hosting a party tomorrow to properly revoke your ouster. Why don't you come, and you can bring along your mate if that will make you feel safer. And we can start the healing process from there."




Whatever was going on in my father's head, I wanted no part of it, so I looked deep into his eyes and said, "I chose to be a rogue, and I will stay a rogue. I don't need your pack, so forget it!"




"I'm not asking you back into the pack, I'm pleading with you to let me back into your life, not as your leader, but as your father. It will be what your mother would want."




"Is that what she told you?! That she wanted some lousy relationship between you and I?" I mumbled, feeling hesitant after hearing those words.




My mother, the woman whose face I have never seen since I could remember, and the person who I crave the most but know nothing about.




The only person who knew about my mother was the monster standing before me, and he refused to tell me anything about her ever since I was little.




"Come to the party tomorrow, and we can talk more, okay?" Loki said, and I could see in his smile that he had found my weakness.







###chapter 17
Which sister I'm bond with
**********Nero Pov*********




My eyes are fixed solely on her, studying Blake's face, hoping that she will look my way so I can see the answers to my dilemmas in her eyes. 




But Blake wouldn't even dare look my way, not even a glimpse, and it was intentional because she darted her gaze everywhere else, but my way.




The number of lies that have been told in this room this morning felt annoying to think about. Claiming Luna as my mate and Blake declaring that Jason was her mate




What the heck was she thinking saying something that outrageous. Even if she had to lie, why choose my beta to do so? Was it to hurt me more because I acknowledged her sister in front of her?




Thinking about it now, I had no right to be mad at Blake because I started all this. But for some reason, I felt annoyed, frustrated that she made it known to everyone that it was Jason and not me.




But that only made me understand exactly what she's going through seeing Luna and me together. If I was truly her mate, then it must be devastating for her to see me with her sister.




But how was I supposed to know? This stupid curse has blocked all the connections I should have with my mate. Even after marking Blake, I still can't feel her emotions and read her thoughts as they should be between mates.

There should be more, and it is not there. Yet, when I look at her, a part of me wants my mate to somewhat be her. Yet the doubt still tears me into two, making my other half want to focus solely on the mission and forget about Blake.




"Mr. Fang!" I heard Loretta's voice, and snapped out of my feeling, swaying my gaze toward her.




Smiling at me, Loretta met my eyes and then asked, "Luna tells me that you two share a bond?" 




"Huh?" I mumbled.




It's not like I didn't hear the question, but my brain went blank when I heard those words, and I didn't know how to answer her.




"My daughter is your mate, right?" Loretta said, keeping the smile, but her eyes gave it away that she was mad.




"Yes! Of course, Luna is." I blurted out when Loki eyed me.




Then I unintentionally glanced at Blake, and I saw her hastily wipe her face with the back of her hand.




Suddenly, I felt someone grab my arm, and I looked down to see Luna, hugging onto my arm as she softly intoned, "Mother, can you stop putting Nero in the spotlight. I need eyes off him and not on him, now that he's mine."




Seeing that Luna was intensely staring to her left, I followed her gaze, and my sight rested on Karen.




"Ahaaa, am I not just the luckiest leader? My daughter is mated to a filthy rich alpha, and my other daughter is not wolfless!" Loki boastfully uttered with a prideful look in his eyes.




Staring at him, my wolf went wild with rage again, and I felt myself slipping into my alpha state. But I hastily snapped out of it and suppressed him.




'Count your luck days, Loki. Because by my claws, you will draw your last breath. That's a vow.' I mumbled in my head, swaying my gaze off him to ease my wolf's anger.




"Babe!" I heard Luna's voice, and I looked down at her.




Wallowing in a state of confusion, I met her calm eyes and mumbled, "Huh," 




What the heck! We were now at the cute names-calling stage. How fast does this girl move!




"You are coming with me to Blake's 'cancellation of exile' ceremony, right?" Luna whispered with a naive smile.




"Of course," I mumbled in uncertainty.




My mind and heartfelt screwed up at that moment, and it was like a war was going on in my body that I couldn't understand, and I felt torn into pieces by my decisions.




"Okay," Luna mumbled, a sparkle of excitement in her eyes. "We should go shopping together after your class time is over."




"Oh look! It's already over, thankfully!" Karen harshly said as she stood from her seat. "Now, my eyes can stop bleeding from this!"




After getting ahold of her bag, she walked past Luna and me, throwing me a hard look before walking out of the class.




"Blake! You will be there tomorrow, right?" Loki suddenly asked, staring intensely at his daughter.




"Honey," Loretta mumbled as she clutched onto Loki's arm.




But he ignored her cry with his eyes still glued to his daughter and said, "Blake!"




"I will, Loki! I will be there!" Blake spoke with bitter resentment.




A smile curved on Loki's lip, and he shook his head slightly as he mumbled, "Good. See you and and your mate there."




Then he looked at Loretta, took her hands in his, and walked out with the five betas following him.




Within a matter of seconds, students started leaving the class, and at last, it was just Jason, Blake, Luna, and I in the room.




"Babe, we should leave now before the mall gets packed," Luna mumbled, pouting as she gently tugged on my arm.




"Right," I whispered, swaying my gaze on Blake.




Making eye contact with me, she stood still, and although her lips didn't move, her eyes told me that she hated me.




"I should get to my next class." Blake finally said, looking away from me as she grabbed her backpack off the chair.




Then she looked at Jason and asked, "You coming?"




For a split second, Jason cast his sight on me before staring back at her and said, "Sure. Let's go."




As she was about to walk away, Blake caught me staring intensely at her, and she suddenly tripped, only to get caught by Jason.




Was it intentional? Did she do it on purpose to mess with my head? Because if she did, she certainly achieved what she wanted because I was frustrated, watching Jason help her balance on her feet.




"Babe!" Luna shouted, and I dragged my gaze towards her.




When our eyes locked, she pouted and whispered, "I called you three times, and you didn't answer!"




"I'm sorry," I mumbled, my eyes on her, my mind focused on Blake. "Should we?"




"Yes," 




"Let's go."




Withdrawing her hands from my arm, Luna laced her fingers mine, and we walked out of the classroom.




A while later, I drove my car into the parking lot of "Deluxe Edition Mall" and then turned off the engine.




"Isn't it sweet that we met because of Blake's exile party, and now, we are shopping as a couple to attend the canceling of her exile party!" Luna cheerily said as she beam at me.




"Yeah, it is," I mumbled, pulling my key out.




"Nero!" Luna called out with a bit of edge in her tone.




Lowering her brows, she then bit on her lip, keeping silent for a while, and then mumbled, "It's just that you are not matching my energy. I'm excited and you are not." 




"I am happy for us!" I said, pulling a little life in my voice.




The liars felt a bit difficult to do because of how disturbed my mind is, but when Luna pouted, I forced a smile and said, "Honestly, I am."




Suddenly, she leaned towards me, and I watched her lashes shut as her mouth rested on mine.




Feeling her moist lip brushed against mine, my eyes remained wide open as Luna kissed me, leaning further towards me that my back was pressed against the seat.




Shrugging slightly, I moved my hands down to the fore of Luna's hips, pulled her in, and embraced her, kissing her more fully and deeply, all lips and no tongue.




 Suddenly, she crossed over from her seat to mine, sitting backward on my lap, and wrapped her hands around my neck as our kiss got fierce. 




Without parting her lips from mine, Luna reached for my belt, struggling to unbutton it.




 Immediately, I grabbed her wrist and mumbled, "Hold up!"




Instantly, Luna's eyelids snapped open, and she pulled back, looking at me with darting eyes as her expression deepened into a frown.




"What are you doing?" I mumbled.




"You don't want this?" Luna whispered, giving me a long stare.




"We are in public, Luna! The parking lot of a mall full of werewolves with super hearing. Of course, I don't want this."




"Oh," 




With a touch of sadness in her eyes, she tugged a loose string of hair behind her ear. Then she struggled to get off my lap and sat back in her seat.




"What was that all about?" I asked, looking her way.




"Will it sound desperate to say that I can not wait for the full moon for you to mark me?" Luna mumbled, lowering her head as she played with her fingernails. "Well, I heard the mark happen during sex and I well"




"Can you just give me a little more time?" I asked, realizing that my dilemma wasn't something I was going to solve today.




Raising her head, Luna looked at me, gave a sweet smile, and said, "Okay, I can wait. But don't make me wait too long." 




Even though she didn't say it, I knew there was a time frame in her head, and I realized that I had from now to the next full moon to figure out which sister I'm bonded with or going to settle for.




Hopefully, in that time range, my curse will have been broken, and I can determine my true mate and not just choose out of lust or sympathy.



###chapter 18
Where is Blake?
*********Jason Pov*******




Standing at the classroom door, I felt eerie as students passed by, staring at me and smiling. Some of them even winked at me which felt weird.




When Nero said that he was leaving the companies, the pack, and packing up to move here, it felt so unexpectedly and stupid.




But what was even more abrupt was when he brought home Blake, and now he is suddenly dating her half-sister. What the heck was going on?




This was not the fresh start I imagine, standing outside of one sister's classroom while he was elsewhere doing who knows what with the other one.




Knowing Nero since we were little, I didn't know him to be a player, nor someone interested in anyone, so all these sudden things felt absolutely insane and odd.




"Hey, hottie!" A girl mumbled as she and her friend walked past me holding hands.




Slightly, her friend nudged her and whispered, "Don't you know that's Blake's mate? It's the hottest news right now." 




"So?!"




"So, it's also said that Blake is somehow a wolf now. Even her father uplifted the banishment on her." 




"The one time I come to school late, I have missed so much!"




Blake's mate? How ironic! This is all Nero's fault for dragging me in his shit. Now, I am somehow the fake mate of an alpha's daughter that I hate to the core.




"Morning, cutie." An omega whispered as he walked by me.




I swear if another person calls me some stupid ass name, their face and my fist will confront each other.




Swaying my gaze into the room, I stared to where Blake was seated and saw that she had her head resting on the desk. She had been like that since entering the class. 




I knew she wasn't sleeping because I had heard her sniff a couple of times which only means she was silently crying.




"Ugly crier," I subconsciously whispered with my gaze glued to her.




Suddenly she raised her head and looked to the right, glaring at me with a death stare.




Immediately, I cast my gaze the other way, feeling chills down my spine. I swear Blake makes me scared sometimes with her aggressive attitude.




After waiting for a while, the lecture was finally over, and I stepped a few distances away from the doorway and waited, lowering my head so I wouldn't meet anyone's eyes.




After a couple of minutes had passed and Blake didn't come to me, I raised my head and saw that she was walking down the hallway.




Unbelievable! She ditched me. Annoyed, I ran after Blake, and when I caught up to her, I grabbed her arm and turned her around.




"Where are you running off to?" I mumbled, feeling impressed at how well she could mask her scent.




"A place called, 'None of your business!" Blake uttered, her voice was brusque.




Matching her energy, I smirked and teased, "Is that how you speak to your mate?"




"You!" Blake mumbled, screwing her face into a frown.




Her mad expression looked annoyingly cute, and I faintly chortled, fighting back my laugh.




"Go home, Jason. As I told you this morning, I don't need a bodyguard. I am just fine." Blake said, turning away from me.




But I grabbed her arm and pulled her towards me, a bit too hard, and she bumped into my chest.




My heart suddenly skipped a beat, and I immediately screamed in my head, "What the fuck was that!"




"Let go!" Blake whispered, in a low, yet edgy tone.




Immediately, I pulled my hand away from her, forcing my gaze off her angry eyes.




"I'm going to class, and you don't need to follow me, okay?" Blake said, tilting her head to the right to look me in the eyes.




When I didn't answer, she frowned and said, "Jason!"




Without answering Blake, I shoved my hands into my jacket pockets and walked past her, heading down the hallway without looking back.




"What's wrong with him," I heard Blake mumble before I turned left, down the corridor.




When I arrived outside of the campus, I pulled my hands out of my pocket and started running at full speed, blocking my brain from all thoughts.




Finally, I stopped when I reached my hotel, breathing in deep as I stared at the building.




Not wanting to think about what happened back at the campus, I walked into the building.




"Good day, Jason." Harley, the stunning hotel receptionist shouted out to me as I approached the elevator.




"Morning," I whispered as I entered the elevator, knowing she could hear me since she was an omega.




After the elevator came to a stop, I got out and kept walking at a fast pace until I reached room 402.




The moment I entered my room, I dropped flat on the bed and gazed at the ceiling.




"It was nothing," I whispered to get my thoughts straight.




Repeatedly, I kept thinking those words until I fell asleep.




The sound of my ringtone forced me to wake up, and after pulling my phone out of my pocket, I realized that it was already four o'clock and that it was Nero calling.




The moment I answered the call, I heard Nero say in a sharp tone, "Where are you guys!!"




Those words made me fully awake, and I sat up, resting my feet on the cold tiles.




"I'm in my hotel room?!" I mumbled, striving to make sense of his question.




"Is Blake there with you?" Nero asked, his voice still harsh.




"Blake?"




"Yes, Jason, Blake!"




Now, I was confused and a bit worried because she should have gone home by now.




"No," I mumbled, striving not to think the worst.




"Fuck! Where did you leave her?!" Nero shouted, sounding really pissed?




"Back on campus, this morning. She asked me to leave her alone, so I did."




"What the heck, Jason!"




"Why are you shouting at me! I didn't sign up for a babysitting job! Also, she's your responsibility, not mine!"




"Fine! Forget about it. I will find her myself!" 




Before I could ask Nero if he had tried calling her, he ended the call. 




For a moment, I stared blankly at the wall, wondering how the heck he was going to find her if she had her scent mask. 




Abandoning my thoughts, I woke from the bed and rushed out of the hotel room, not knowing what the heck I was doing or where going.




When I got into the hotel lobby, I took out my phone and called Blake.




"The number you have dialed is switched off. Please try again later." 




This morning, her interaction with her family wasn't pretty to say the very least, and her stepmother looked like a wicked witch, and I get why Blake was so hostile to her.




Thinking about it now, I get why Nero is freaking out, and why my heart is pounding widely.




After arriving outside of the hotel, I stood on the sidewalk, turning around like some kid lost in the grocery store and can't find their mother.




"Blake, where the heck are you," I mumbled out loud, looking left then right.




Frustrated, I turned right and started running, keeping my ear alert as I sniffed every second, trying to pick up her scent, hopefully. 





Slightly losing control 
************Nero POV*************




Crazy, that's how I felt, driving around town, looking for someone whose scent is hidden.




After taking Luna shopping, I returned home to find the house empty and no Blake.




Thinking she was still on campus, I went back there, searched everywhere like some fool, and she wasn't there either.




The worst-case scenario keeps playing in my head, and I am driving around, wondering if she is somewhere, bleeding and wounded.




Even though Blake's wolf is powerful, she just had her first transformation last night, so she is still pretty unstable and vulnerable.




Right now, she's like a new pup with a lot of anger issues and hate which is only making her wild and aggressive, like a teenager.





The annoying part is that the sky was turning dark. A fraction of me wants to back home and check if she's finally back, but another part thinks she is out here, in a terrible situation.




After driving for some time, I brought the car to a stop and called Jason.




When he answered, the first thing he said was, "Have you found Blake?"




"No. Where are you now?" I mumbled, drawing a breath to come down.




"Looking for Blake."




"Can you check back to my place and see if she's home?"




"Yes,"




"Thanks!"




As I was about to end the call, Jason abruptly said, "Nero, you know we need to talk, right?"




"No, we don't," I mumbled before ending the call.




After tossing my phone on the seat, I grabbed the steering wheel tightly and drew a deep breath, allowing my wolf to awake.




Staring at my red eyes in the V mirror, I concentrated for a moment and then shut my eyelids, regaining consciousness of my full power.




Every sound in the state came rushing into my ear all at once and it hurt my brain a bit. But I ignored the pain and started trying to concentrate on what Blake's voice sounded like.




It took a while, then I finally picked it up, "Hey, is this the changing room?"




The noise in the background was filled with music, people's laughter, and a lot of other disgusting sounds which made me question where the fuck she was and why she need to change clothes.




"Is this your first shift at this club?" A girl's voice echoed in the back, and I squeezed my hands tightly around the wheel.




It took a frustrating few seconds for Blake to say, "Yep, I need the cash, and I'm glad that Dice hires without any requirement." 




Immediately, I snapped out of my alpha state, turned the engine on, and logged in to, "Dice Club" location in my GPS before driving off.




After following Siri's direction for a few minutes, I finally brought the car to a stop on the sidewalk of a shady-looking building.




My emotions were off the chart, and I took a moment, looked into the mirror, and pulled my hoodie over my head as I deeply inhaled, calming myself down.




When I arrived in the building, I kept my head low, and shoved my hands into my jacket pocket, listening in the direction of Blake's voice.




"Excuse me, sir, but you can not go back there. It's for employees only!" A voice stopped me in my tracks, and I slowly raised my gaze to see a built guy about my height glaring at me.




Not wanting to draw attention to myself, I walked over to an empty seat and sat down.




The moment I relaxed back on the couch, I caught sight of an omega moving toward my way, and a sense of annoyance sparked in me.




"Oh, an alpha who keeps his scent. Me likie!" She said, taking a seat beside me.




Since I need less drama, I ignored her presence and looked the other way, hoping that Blake would come out soon and I will get out of here.




In that instant, I felt a hand on my lap, and I glared at her, staring at me before winking.




"Get your hands off me!" I mumbled, clenching my jaw as I tried to calm my wolf.




"I am sure that a handsome alpha like yourself has a stunning omega at home to warm your bed, or do you not?" She said before slowly rolling her tongue against her lip.




A strip club, of all the places she could work, why the fuck will she choose here!




"Are you here to drink or offer yourself?" I heard Blake angrily mumble under her breath. "What an ass!"




At that moment I looked up and my eyes met with her angry gaze as she stood a few distances away from me.




Everyone's eyes were glued to Blake, but she was solely staring at me with her arms crossed.




"Little thing, what's a hottie doing here!" A drunk creep shouted.




When Blake looked his way, he licked his bottom lip and stood up. But in that instant, I stood up and approached her, and he suddenly sat back down, nervously staring down at his drink.




When I reached Blake, she gave me a dirty look and muttered, "Why wear a hoodie to hide your face when your tattoo neck is going to give you away anyway. Next time, settle for a turtleneck shirt instead."




Then she tried to walk past me. But I stepped in her way and said, "We are going home, now!"




"It's not your place to tell me what and what not to do!" Blake calmly uttered, yet her eyes bore the same stubborn look from this morning in it.




Trying to stay calm, I paused and then asked, "What are you doing here?"




When Blake didn't answer, I felt my heart pounding in my chest as if it had forgotten the pattern of its beat, and I blurted out in anger, "Are you a stripper now?!"




"What!" Blake mumbled, her face red.




Suddenly everyone's eyes were on us, and I could feel them all staring at Blake.




"Strip for us!" Someone yelled from the back.




Suddenly the entire club was noisy with people continuously chanting, "Strip for us!"




"I am not a stripper! I am a waitress and you need to get out!" Blake screamed.




"Not without you!" I mumbled, grabbed her arm when she tried walking past me.




Not giving her the chance to struggle, I lifted her off the floor and threw her over my shoulder, resting my palm on her booty because of how short her skirt was.




"Put me down!" Blake whispered, struggling slightly.




"If you don't stop, I will spank you!" I mumbled, tightening my grip on her cheeks.




"My clothes are back in the changing room."




"You got a lot. You don't need those."




"Why are you doing this!"




A perfect question that I had absolutely no answer for, so I kept walking with my eyes fixed ahead of me.




"If you are not going to answer, then put me down!" Blake mumbled, hitting her fist hard into my back.




"Stop!" I whispered, feeling annoyed.




"Put me down, or I will scream your name."




"Blake, don't you dare!"




Silence fell between us, and I felt her clenched tightly onto my jacket.




"Blake," I mumbled, realizing what her silence meant.




"Can you please put me down," She said in a choked voice.




Suddenly, I felt a tap on my shoulder, and I stopped in my steps and turned around to see that creep glaring at me with a smirk on his lip.




"You heard the pretty thing. Put her down." He mumbled, smirking widely like some pervert.




Without uttering a word, I carefully took Blake off my shoulder, and the entire time, I could see his smile getting broader.




After Blake was standing on her own feet, I focused on him. But he tilted his head to the right to stare at Blake, and rudely said, "You are a waitress, right? Get me a"




My fist stuck the rest of his words in his throat when it slammed into his jaw, sending him swinging to the table beside us.




For a moment, I stared at him, wanting to take out my anger on him. But then again, I wanted to get Blake out of such a place.




When I turned to face her, she pouted, but I ignored her stare and said, "We are getting out of here now, and that's final!"




As I was about to grab her hand, I suddenly felt a sharp pain hit my head,  and I turned around, staring at that creep with a broken bottle in his hand.




"Are you okay," Blake muttered, voice croaky from suppressed sobs.




Ignoring her words, I rushed for that fool, jumped on him, and clawed my fingers into his shirt, not giving him a chance for escape or defense.




Allowing my wolf to take control, I dragged him to the table and violently slammed him into it, landing my fist in his face, and I continued punching him even though his skin was soaked with blood.




"I think I'm going to be sick," Blake whispered, and my hand stuck in the air.




Then I darted my gaze around, realizing that everyone's eyes were on me and their lips were wildly parted.




This is a part of why I never let him handle things, and why I haven't transformed. The aggression that comes with my wolf was merciless.




After letting go of his shirt, I rubbed the back of my hands on his clothes and turned away from him.




When I caught up with Blake, I reached for her hand, but she pulled away and mumbled, " Don't touch me!" 




Then she walked away, heading out of the club, and I followed after her, frustrated that I slightly lost control again.









Focus on me and relax 
***************Blake POV*******"




The ride to the villa was silent, and when Nero brought the car to a stop, I pushed the door open and got out, slamming it shut.




My anger keeps putting me on the edge, even though I was trying to get my emotions under control.




When I entered the house, Jason suddenly popped out of nowhere and shouted, "You found Bl?!"




Then his eyes widened as he stared at me and muttered, "Blake,"




"Hey," I mumbled, looking at the look of concern in his eyes.




Then his gaze abruptly danced over my head as he uttered, "You found her."




"Yes, and she is now a waitress!"  Nero sarcastically said as walked past me.




"What?" Jason asked, raising a brow. 




Frowning, I cast my eyes on Nero's broad back and lashed out, "You were the one who said that you won't help or support me anymore! So I got a job!" 




"At a strip club!" Nero shouted, looking back at me.




"What's your problem?! Can you make up your damn mind!" 




"You are so!!! Fuc!!"




Gazing into my eyes, Jason gave a half-smile and mumbled, "You were at work? You had us worry thinking that you were hurt or in trouble. What happened to your phone." 




He said, "We." That word made my heartbeat a little faster as I eyed Nero, realizing why he was so pissed, and yet I still felt annoyed that he was because of Luna.




"It's broken. I threw it at a wall this morning. That's why I kind of need the money to be able to buy a new one. So I got a job because of someone" I mumbled, pouting as I stared down at the floor.




"You are not going back there!" Nero said, his voice was thick with authority.




"Why? Shouldn't you feel relieved that I am becoming independent?!"




"Did you see that creep! That building is filled with them. The things I heard in that place! You are not going back there!" 




"Find! I will get another job then!"




Rage flared in Nero's eyes, and he shoved his hand into his pocket as he said, "You want money that bad?!"




"What?" I mumbled, slightly clutching my fist as he approached me.




Then he stopped, grabbed my wrist, and stretched my hand out, putting a card in my hand.




"There! Now, stay away from shady places!" Nero said with delicate disdain.




Staring down at the card in my hand, my tears dropped on it, and I felt my blood boil with rage.




"I don't want your stupid money!" I shouted, tossing the card to the floor.




"Blake," Jason whispered my name, and I looked his way before glaring back at Nero.




"I'm not attaching myself to you when you are ashamed to be seen in public with me. So take your stupid money! I have no use for it, and I'm getting a job!" I calmly said in a firm voice.




Suddenly, Nero's eyes glowed red, and I felt my body grow weak as I stared at him, even though he wasn't doing anything to me.




"All she did was get a job. Maybe it wasn't the best place, but" Jason whispered, pausing as he looked at his alpha.




"Go home!" Nero coldly said without taking his eyes off me.




"Come on, maybe"




"Get out!" 




Staring at Jason, my heart was crying that he wouldn't leave because Nero looked really furious, and I was scared, especially after seeing him beat up that slime.




"I guess this is my cue to leave," Jason mumbled, looking away from me with a guilty expression on his face.




As he was about to walk past me, I grabbed his wrist and held my breath, realizing that Nero's expression had grown darker.




"He wouldn't hurt you," Jason mumbled without looking at me.




Slowly, I let go of his hand, doubting every word he had said, and yet, I was hoping he was right.




With my eyes fixed on Nero, I kept still, pinching onto my skirt as my heart forgot a beat every second.




When I heard the front door slam shut, I felt a shiver run down my spine and I stood still, swallowing hard.




Suddenly, Nero took a step towards me, and I took a step back, tightening my fist to stop myself from trembling.




The moment he moved his hand, I turned around and ran for the doorway, forgetting to turn the knob to open the door and just kept yanking the handle.




My heart was pounding like crazy as memories flooded my brain, blocking my mind from reality and keeping me stuck in the nightmare of my past.




Every hit, every scream, every taste of blood on my tongue, every bruise and stitches, I remember it all, all at once, and I screamed to let out the pain.




But the darkness slowly started to fade when I felt Nero suddenly hug me from the back and his hands around my waist.




Another anguished howl escaped my lips as I struggled to wake up and come back to reality as Nero squeezed me in his arms, and whispered, "I am not going to hurt you. I will never lay a hand on you. I'm sorry, Blake."




"AaaaaaAaa!" I screamed, letting go of the door handle.




Taking a step back with me still in his arms, Nero's voice was soft as a whisper, "It's okay. Let it out."




Striving to calm down, I grabbed onto his wrist tightly and deeply inhaled, clawing my nails into his skin while striving to stop trembling.




"Good girl. You are doing good." Nero mumbled as he guided me towards the wall.




Then he slowly squatted, taking me along with him until we were both sitting on the floor, his back against the wall, and me cuddling in his arms.




"Your audacity sometimes makes me forget what you have been through," Nero whispered, resting his head against the wall. "Don't worry, I wouldn't harm you. I know how to cage him when it comes to you. Just like in the p"




Those words moved me to tears, and it wasn't long before I started crying my eyes out, unable to stop because of how emotional I was.




"Blake," Nero whispered, looking down at me.




Placing his hand under my chin, he raised my head to meet his eyes, and I sniffed softly, staring into his calm gaze.




When he suddenly leaned in, I didn't have the strength or the willpower to pull back. The enticement I felt from his stared had me weak, helpless to my core that my mind went blank. 




The moment his lips touched mine, I shut my eyelids, feeling his hands reach on my side and pull down my skirt zip.




As he pulled my clothes down my hips, I grabbed his arms when he slightly tugged on my bottom lip before leaning in closer and kissing me softly until it deepened into something intense.




There was spark and heat, and they poured into me, seared through me, drowning me so deep into a passion that my mind remembered nothing.




When I felt my back resting gently against the floor and his weight above me, I knew we both were going to regret this in the morning. But there was no ending to this fire that has blazed uncontrollably.




Squeezing his jacket tightly, I heard Nero whisper, "Focus on me and relax, Blake."




But I squeezed his arm's harder as my legs split up, and I felt him slightly inside of me.




"I told you to relax," Nero whispered, biting on my ear.




How did he expect me to relax when I knew how huge he is? But then again how the heck did we get here again. Every day, I seem to be drawn to him even more, although all I want to do is run.




"Nero, it's not going to fit," I whispered in tears, squeezing his jacket even tighter.




How the heck does the second time still hurt just like the first, even though it had been only a few days.




Without uttering a word, he reached his hand on my back, hugging me tightly before pushing in, making me scream while pulling on his jacket.




"It looks like it can go all the way in," Nero mumbled, looking into my eyes.




Staring at his face, my senses slowly started coming back, and I frowned, feeling upset.




"Blake," Nero mumbled without moving his hips.




"What?" I murmured in annoyance.




"Are you seriously focusing on something else at this moment?" 




"Yes,"




"I told you to focus on me, didn't I?"




Unable to get over the memory of this morning about him and Luna, I placed my hand on his chest, lightly shoved him, and said, "This isn't happening. Please move."




"Hey now," Nero mumbled, lowering his brows.




"I'm done. I don't want this!"




"You must be kidding."




"Pull out, Nero!"




For a moment he stared at me, his brows snapped together. Then he did as I said, and I sat up from the floor.




"I'm not your toy for when you are hony," I calmly uttered, reaching for my clothes.




"What is that supposed to mean?" Nero calmly asked with his eyes on mine.




"Don't play dumb with me." 




"Is this about Luna?" 




Bingo." 




Silence fell between us for a while before Nero said,  "I see."




That was all I was going to get from him, and I knew it from the look on his face. So not wanting to argue anymore, I hugged my clothes in my arms and stood to my feet.




Drawing a breath, I turned away from him and mumbled, "Bastard."




Then with my head held high, I walked away, heading up, striving to not lose it even though I was pissed off with him.







Uncertain feelings 
************Jason POV***********




The moment I walked into the dining room, I met Nero sitting at the table, and when his eyes locked with mine, he slightly frowned.




"Morning," Nero abruptly mumbled, taking a sip of his drink.




"How's Blake?" I uttered out loud, forgetting to say it in my head as I planned.




Silence fell between us as his eyes stared back at me cold and unwavering.




Then he suddenly stood from his seat, drank the rest of his drink, and hit the mug on the table.




"What's been going on in your mind lately?" Nero asked as he walked towards me, his eyes cold as steel.




"Nothing. It's just that things were pretty tense between you and her last night, and I" I mumbled, pausing when Nero was only a foot away from me.




His expression told me that he didn't trust the words I said, and even though it was a part of the truth, there was more to it.




Since the night Blake went into heat and my wolf picked up the scent of her pheromones, my brain had been messed up, and recent events just keep making it worse.




Fury blazed in Nero's eyes as he maintained eye contact with me and commanded, "Get rid of such thought about her," 




"Why do you want me to?" I blurted out, even though I already knew the answer.




The death look in Nero's eyes scared me to the core, and yet, I was prepared to ask the question again because I needed him to say it, to say that he didn't have feelings for her.




Last night, I didn't leave the villa immediately because I feared the look in Nero's eyes and thought that he was going to lose it. But now, I wished that I didn't stay, then I wouldn't have to find out that they are having sex, even though I kind of guess that already.




"Why do you want to know?" Nero asked as he shot me a withering look.




"Nothing," I mumbled, pulling my gaze off him.




Never have I gone against Nero because he had been my Alpha since we were pups because he was next in line to our pack leader, and I wasn't planning to start now over some uncertain feeling that I am not sure about.




"Good. I'm heading out. Blake is still sleeping. Make sure you don't lose her today." Nero said, and I stared back at him in dismay.




"Good morning," I heard Blake's voice, and slowly, I turned around to meet her calm eyes.




 Staring at Nero and me, she gave a soft smile and then mumbled, "I'm going to make something for myself. Do you guys want anything?"




Feeling even more freaked out about her calmness, I eyed Nero, and instantly, our eyes locked. I guessed he and I were feeling the same way.




"Mmmh, sure," I mumbled, wondering why she wasn't raining down terror on us today.




Swaying her gaze off me, she calmly stared at Nero and asked, "How about you?"




"I'm heading out," Nero mumbled, his expression clouded with a look of doubt.




Not changing her calm expression, Blake faintly sigh and said, "Okay,"




Then she suddenly approached Nero, and I held my breath wondering if this is the time she explode.




"The card," Blake mumbled with her gaze solely on his eyes.




"What?" Nero uttered, looking as shocked as I was.




"You don't want me to work, so hand me the card."




"Rigright."




Shoving his hands into his pocket, Nero's brows lowered, and then he drew his hand out, taking out one of his cards and handing it to her.




"Thank you," Blake whispered with a soft smile.




Then she walked away, leaving me questioning what the heck just happened and what kind of dream she had last night to wake up in such a good mood.




Without uttering a word to me, Nero walked past me, and my eyes followed him for a while before his back disappeared out the doorway.




After I heard the sound of Nero's car engine fading out of the yard, Blake walked into the dining room with a tray.




Then she set it on the table, took out a plate, and rested it on the table before placing the next plate and two glasses of juice.




"You good?" I mumbled, feeling a storm was hiding behind her calmness.




"Huh?" Blake mumbled as she turned around to face me.




"Your mood, it's different this morning." 




"Oh, that's because we have come to terms with our differences and situation when it comes to Nero."




"Who?" 




"My wolf."




Keeping silent, I studied her face for a long while and then murmured, "Okay, so"




"She finally listened and accepted that Nero and I are not meant to be, and it's time to stop getting emotional over him, even though he's the cause that we are," Blake mumbled, taking a seat.




"Honestly Blake, what's going on between you two?" 




"Nothing. At least, right now, it's nothing, and it's going to stay that way."




Looking into her calm expression, I could tell that she meant every word that she had said, and her eyes stayed steady the entire time she spoke.




What was this supposed to mean? I didn't want to think about it since I knew the damage it could course if my wolf and I start having such ideas.




At eight-thirty, the Uber came to a stop, and Blake got out before I did. Then we both headed into her classroom.




When we walk through the door, Nero was already in the room, and his head turned to us, but his eyes were solely on Blake.




As she and I walked past him, she didn't look his way as she mumbled, "Good morning, Mr. Fang."




Then she headed to the back of the class and sat down. Following her lead, I took the seat beside her before staring at the stunned look on Nero's face.




At that moment, Karen, Blake's classmate who I hate because of how obnoxious she acted the other day, walked into the room, approached Blake and me, taking the seat next to us.




The tension that immediately arose in the atmosphere was drastic, and I gazed at Blake's hand as she created a fist.




"How does it feel to be useful for the first time in your pathetic life?" Karen whispered, eyeing Blake with a smirk on her lip.




"Better than being the same old boring nasty bitch that people only tolerate because her father is powerful," Blake said in a calm tone without even looking her way.




Suddenly, Karen slapped the desk and stood up, raising her hand as she swung it toward Blake. But acting out without hesitation, I jumped to my feet and caught her wrist in my grip.




"Miss, Noble. I told you not to disrupt my damn class! Now, get out!" Nero uttered with a note of anger in his voice.




"Get your filthy hands off me!" Karen screamed, staring at me with a steady, hostile gaze.




A flicker of anger spiked in me as I felt my fingers tighten around her wrist a little before I drew my hand back.




"Who the fuck do you think you are touching me!" Karen shouted with mad eyes.




Then she threw her gaze on Blake and lashed out, "You will pay for your insult! You and this, this!! Ahaha!!!"




"Karen, I don't think I respect your father just so you can be disrespectful to me and a member of my family." I heard a familiar voice, and Karen's face went dull with fear.




Immediately, I looked to the doorway to see Loki walking further into the room with Luna.




With her eyes on Nero, she rushed over to him, hugged onto his arm, and whispered, "Father said he was coming here to speak to sister, and I came along to see you." 




But the only response she got from Nero was a smile, and the harder I stared at his expression, I could tell he was faking it.




I have known Nero like forever, and I have seemed him give that smile to a lot of the elders in the pack that he hates or does like touching him.




"What do you want to see me for, Loki?" Blake asked, her voice flat, deadened.




"Can we talk outside?" Loki calmly uttered.




Narrowing her eyes, Blake sneered and mumbled, "Speak here or forever hold your peace."




A look of embarrassment flared across Loki's face as he lightly coughed and then mumbled, "I want to take you shopping."




"There's no need," Blake said.




"No disrespect to you daughter. But tonight's event is going to be filled with very powerful people, and I need you to look respectable."




"Okay. But I don't need your money to do that. So keep your generosity for others that are not me."




Looking a bit annoyed now, Loki scowled and said in a sharp tone, "Blake, you got nothing to your name. Stop being stubborn when you are broke!" 




"Who says I am broke?" Blake sarcastically said. "Loki, I don't need you or your money. So why don't you accept that and leave." 




"The dress that I want you to wear is worth thousands of dollars, can you afford something like that?!... Now, stop acting headstrong and come with father."




 "Don't refer to yourself as such, and I'm well taken care of! So thanks, but no thanks!" Blake said, sounding pissed.




With a soft smile on her lip, Luna fixed her eyes on Blake and mumbled, "Sister, is your mate that good at taking care of you that you will openly refuse father's help?" 




When Blake kept silent, I followed her gaze and my sight rested on Nero, and I knew whatever he was up to, it was a recipe for disaster by hooking these two sisters to him.






###chapter 19
Breathtaking
*****************Blake POV************




Swaying my gaze off Nero, I met Luna's eyes and said, "Yeah, Jason takes good care of me, so I don't need to indebt myself at a price that I can't pay."




"I'm not asking you to pay me," Loki said, frowning slightly with his eyes on mine.




Why he was trying this hard to suddenly be my dad after learning that my wolf had woken up was just suspicious in all the ways, and that made me want to stay far away from him. But then again mother.




"And I'm not asking for your money!" I mumbled.




After staring at me for a while, Loki walked away, storming out of the classroom.




"See you tonight." Luna's voice dragged my gaze back on Nero and her.




With a smile on his lips, he stroked her cheek and said, "Sure."





After watching Luna walk away, Nero looked my way, but I cast my gaze on the desk and allowed myself to go numb.




After Nero's class was over, Jason and I left the room, and I didn't dare look back at him, knowing that I would only be breaking my heart.




As we walked down the hallway, I kept my head lowered and my eyes glued to the floor, distracted by my thoughts. 




"Watch where you are going?" I heard a harsh voice say.




Suddenly, a hand grabbed onto my wrist, pulling me to the right, and I looked up at Jason.




Then he slightly frowned and said, "If you keep staring at the floor, you are going to bump into someone!"




"Thanks," I whispered, smiling at him.




But he suddenly yanked his hand back and started walking ahead. Just like yesterday, he was being weird again, and I couldn't help wondering why. Yet, I silently followed after him, 




After all my class was done, it was already one, and I walked into the hallway to see Jason leaning against the wall.




The first time we met, he was really scary. But now, he isn't as terrible as the first day, and I feel kind of comfortable with him.




"Ready to go?" I asked, smiling at him.




But his expression remained stiff as he withdrew from the wall and mumbled, "Home?"




"No, we are going to get me a new phone and something to wear for tonight," I said, striving not to read too much into his sudden change of mood."




Not saying another word, Jason walked ahead, and I calmly followed him, keeping a foot distance between us.




Even though I was eager to ask what was going on with him, I knew the hallway of my school wasn't the place for such conversation.




So I waited until we were in the backseat of a cab. Then I took my focus off the windshield, looked at Jason, and mumbled, "Does your Alpha and you love to take turns?"  




"What?" Jason asked, looking at me with the corners of his eyes furrowed with concern.




"To mess with me,"




"I don't follow,"




"Did I do something wrong to you? You have been acting weird!"




The back seat of the cab grew silent as Jason stared at me, looking hesitant. Then he looked the other way and said, "What do you mean. This is how I have always been."




True. Jason had always been an arrogant, annoying jerk, and just because he showed me a little bit of concern that doesn't mean he cares about me. Just as I did with Nero, I have read Jason and I friendship wrong.




Is this how being emotionally needy feels? I have been hated by everyone for so long, and when the two of them showed me some kind of kindness, I became clinging. How pathetic can I become!




"I am sorry for dragging you into my mess and lying about us. I promise to fix everything soon, so you won't be burdened by such a title." I mumbled, staring down at my hand as my thumb stroked my index finger.




Focusing on my eyes again, Jason let out a breath and mumbled, "I'm not burdened." 




For a moment, I simply stared at him, not knowing what to say as the silence dragged on. Finally, Jason turned his gaze the other way, and I did the same.




By four o'clock, we walked into the hallway of the villa, and I picked up Nero's scent. He was home and upstairs in the guest room.




Turning around to face Jason, I clutched onto the handle of the bags in my hand and gave a faint smile before mumbling, "So tonight"




"I will have to go back to my hotel and get changed and pick you up by seven." Jason calmly uttered with a gentle look in his eyes.




It felt awkward now because I wanted to tell him that he didn't need to escort me to the party, and I can handle myself. But how could I say something like that and make things weird between us?




"Sure," I whispered, widening my smile a little.




For a moment, he took a long look at me and then uttered, "Okay then I should get going." 




After nodding slightly, I watched as he turned his back to me and walked away, and once the front door shut, I turned around and headed upstairs.




Suddenly, I froze in my steps as I stood in the hallway, gazing at Nero, standing at his room door.




The coldness in his eyes grew intense as he asked, "What took you guys so long?" 




Feeling speechless, I studied his face wondering what was going on in his messed up, indecisive mind. But no matter how hard I looked into his eyes, I couldn't figure him out.




"I went to buy a new phone and an outfit for tonight," I mumbled, drawing a breath.




"Hand it over."




"Huh,"




"The phone."




Holding in my breath, I reached into the bag, took the phone out of the box, and walked over to him.




"Here," I mumbled in annoyance.




After Nero had strolled through it for a moment, he frowned and mumbled, "Uh, Jason's name"




In annoyance, all I did was gaze at the anger in his eyes intensified, and I couldn't tell if he was jealous, or was angry over something else.




Suddenly, Nero took my hand in his, resting the phone on my palm, and I looked at the screen, staring at his number.




Keeping silent, I walked past him. But Nero suddenly grabbed my arm and uttered, "You should come clean to your father about Jason and you."




"What is that supposed to mean?" I mumbled, turning around to stare at him.




When Nero didn't answer right away, I found myself slightly hoping, even though I tried not to do so because his eyes told me not to hope.




"I don't want my beta getting mixed up with your family," Nero said, letting go of my arm.




Just as I thought, he would say anything, except what I actually wanted to hear from him.




"You are involved with my family, so why not Jason?" I said in an attempt to piss him off just as much as I felt.




"Because we both know Jason is not your mate neither are you his, so before he gets caught up in a web that he can not escape, free him," Nero said with a straight face.




How to make it obvious that Luna is his mate and scratch open my healing wound. But I didn't show that his word got to me and said, "Don't worry. Loki never planned for Luna and me to get marked by a beta wolf."




Reluctant to finish my statement, there was a brief pause before I said, "so the chances of him encouraging Jason and me to mate is not likely possible, and knowing the man that he is, he is already thinking about some Alpha to match me with."




"That's good to know," Nero said, sounding like he didn't care that there is a chance that I can get paired with another mate.




Not looking at him, I walked away, holding my tears in my eyelids, and headed to my room.




When I got inside, I shut the door behind me, walked over to the bed, and crawled under the sheet, shutting my eyes.




The echo of a gentle knock woke me from my nap, and I dizzily stared at the doorway, calling out, "Who is it?"




"Blake, it's seven," Jason said from the other end of the door.




Immediately, sitting up in bed, I rubbed my eyelids and muttered, "What! Where is Nero?"




"He just left," Jason replied, and I screwed my face into a frown. 




Jumping out of bed, I rushed to the bags as I angrily whispered, "Why the heck would he allow me to sleep this long!" 




Unbuttoning my blouse, I hastily stared back at the door and shouted, "Jason, do we have a ride?!"




"Mmmh, about that, I kind of went a bit extra,"  Jason answered, his voice a bit reluctant.




After struggling to pull my jeans off my legs and success, I frowned as I mumbled beneath my breath, "What does that even mean?"




It took a great amount of work to dress in a rush. But I did it, and once I was satisfied with my reflection in the mirror, I headed for the door, holding my purse tightly in my hand.




The moment I walked out of the room, and Jason's gaze locked with mine, his eyes widened and he kept staring without blinking.




"What!" I mumbled, giving a shaky smile.




When he didn't answer, I pouted and uttered, feeling slightly annoyed, "Do I look bad? Is there something wrong with my outfit?"




Slightly Jason shook his head and then whispered, "No, you look breathtaking."
















###chapter 20
Ruining a picture-perfect life
****************Luna POV***********




The calm music playing, the laughter of the guests, and the small chit-chat, all these sounds pissed me off.




Standing in this hall and smiling with people is annoying as fuck. But what annoyed me, even more, is that Nero is late, and he's the reason that I am even here.




Dad suddenly caring about Blake is the most frustrating thing that could happen to me right now, and it has been messing up my head like crazy.




This party is the biggest insult dad can throw at my face, and if I wasn't still in a submissive position, I would have rained hell tonight.




Feeling like I was about to explode from the rage that I have been suppressing for this long, I walked out of the room and went outside to get some fresh air.




"Luna," A very annoying voice that makes me want to claw my nail into someone's skin echoed in my ear, and I turned around to see Karen and Killian approaching me.




When he looked into my eyes, a smirk flashed across his lip, and I sneered, annoyed that this is what I was bonded to and is supposed to be my mate.




When he reached me with his sister beside him, I scoffed at the stupid smirk on his face and rolled my eyes.




It's not that Killian isn't hot, it's the fact that he knows that he is, and uses it to his advantage to get anyone undressed and in his bed.




Immediately, annoyed by their sight, I tried to walk off. But Killian's words stopped me in my tracks, "What's the end game here, Luna?" 




"I don't know what you are talking about?" I mumbled, swaying my gaze to the left to avoid his cold eyes.




"I am patient until I'm not. You sure you want to test my limit?"




"Those words should be meant for you, Killian. Stop spreading lies about us before I get pissed."




Turning my gaze on him, I met his eyes and said, "You and I are not mates and will never be. Got it?"




"Is it because you have your eyes glued on something that isn't yours?" Karen mumbled, and I shot her a warning look.




But she smirked as she took a step towards me, leaned towards my ear, and whispered, "Nero is not your mate, you lying bitch!"




"I better you want that to be true, so you can hook and crook your way in getting his attention. But Nero has taste, and he doesn't eat from the garbage." I mumbled, smirking as I looked at the sparkle of anger in her eyes.




After a faint silence, Karen scoffed and mumbled, "He does have a preference. I wonder between you or your sister, who he truly has a thing for?"




"Again with this rubbish. Can you find something better than the same old bullcrap?" I mumbled, getting a bit annoyed now because I knew there was truth in those words.




The way Nero and Blake look at each other doesn't seem like a way a teacher and student stare at each other.




When we are together in front of her, his body language and words change, and he behaves a bit oddly which pisses me off. But until he marks me, all I can do is smile, and if I have to keep up the act for too long, someone will get hurt, really bad.





"Your lips might have said those words, but your eyes gave you away. You know the truth, Luna. I am not your competition here." Karen said, widening her smirk.




Then she walked past me, heading into the villa, and I looked behind her as my anger fed my hate for her, swelling it.




"I don't like people touching what's mine, Luna," Killian mumbled in an authoritative tone, and I gave him a hard look.




"That's good for you, Killian. But I am not yours, so I don't give a damn about those words!" I mumbled, giving a smug smile.




But my lips immediately widened into a grin as I watched Nero's car pull into the yard and came to a stop.




"Excuse me, my date is here," I mumbled, walking past him.




But Killian grabbed my arm, squeezing it with strong pressure in his grip, and it hurt as I struggled to break free.




"Let go," I cried, yanking my arm as I watched Nero get out of his car.




"Don't push me off the edge, and come to your senses!"Killian coldly uttered with a wild, dangerous glitter in his eyes. 




" Get your hands off me!"




"You are tempting me, Luna, and for your father's sake, I will give you a week to get your ass to me, or I'm coming for you!"




At that moment, I realized that my mate was not only a fuckboy, but an abuser, and his red eyes told me that he wasn't kidding.




Tears swelling in my eyes, I looked at Nero as he stopped beside Killian and stared at him stonily, then commanded, "Get your hand off her, or mine will be on you!" 




The force in his voice, the dominance in his tone, how can one not want an Alpha like him even if he's not mine to claim.




Looking at Killian, I watched the hesitation in his eyes as I tried not to give a mocking smile, and waited as his fingers slowly loosened off my arm.




"You should be thankful that tonight is not the occasion to ruin my thousand of dollars suit!" Killian said, giving Nero a murderous gaze before walking off.




"Are you okay?" Nero softly asked, gazing into my eyes.




Without hesitating, I rushed into his arms, clutching tightly to his coat, and cried my eyes out.




For a while, Nero stood still, not reacting at all, and when I was getting extremely pissed by his coldness, he suddenly stroked my hair gently.




At the moment, a limousine drove into the yard, and I slightly frowned, wondering who it could be.




Finally, the door opened and Jason stepped out. Then he reached inside, and I felt my anger spark, knowing that it was Blake.




These two seemed a bit weird like something was off about their relationship. Firstly, they didn't look the slightest bit intimate, even though Blake claimed that he was her mate. 




The chemistry that should be between them wasn't there, and they looked more like friends than a couple.




When Blake got out of the car, my lip slightly parted, staring at her in a glitter red slim-fit off-shoulder dress with deep slip on the side, exposing her curves and titillating physique.




"What is it?" Nero asked, and I could feel his eyes on me.




But I couldn't take my gaze off Blake because she looked annoyingly stunning, and her outfit looked like it cost a fortune.




Suddenly, Nero looked back, and I looked up at him, seeing the truth in his eyes. Karen was right, and there was no way Nero and Blake were just a student and a teacher when he had such a mesmerizing look in his eyes as he stared at her.




Without taking his eyes off her, his throat moved as he swallowed, hard, and I felt myself drowning in a rage that I have never felt before.




My worst nightmare was arising slowly before my eyes. Blake was becoming something, something that I see as a threat, and I realized that it was time to cut the light in her eyes before she became a hindrance to my perfect life.




Time was still in my favor since this was just the beginning, and I didn't plan to waste a second of it.




"Sister!" I said, forcing a smile when Jason and Blake got closer. 




"There's my baby sister," Blake lively uttered, hugging me when I rushed into her arms.




"You look stunning."




"I know!"




The audacity of Blake had me struggling against my anger as I withdrew away from her arms, keeping my lips in a forced smile.




"Blake," Nero whispered, and both our attention drew to him.




How could he make it so obvious that she got his entire attention when I was standing beside him. Even though I knew that something was off between them, I didn't know what and how. Also, Jason and Blake were another mystery that buffet me.




Staring at Jason gazing at Blake, I realized something was different tonight. He was staring at her without blinking, and the look in his eyes looked affectionate.




Now I feel really confused. Did I read their relationship wrong from the beginning, and Jason is Blake's mate? And if he is truly her mate, then why did he and Nero have the same look in their eyes as they gazed at her!




Nothing was making sense to me anymore at that moment. But what I was certain about was Blake had to get out of my picture-perfect life.





"Mr. Fang," Blake whispered as her fingers gently squeezed onto Jason's arm.




Then she walked past Nero with Jason escorting her into the villa, and I glanced after them before focusing on Nero.




Annoyed, I hugged myself and whispered, "It's kind of cold."




Finally, Nero looked down at me as I faked a tremble and gave him a soft smile. 




Then he removed his coat off his body, revealing the tight shirt beneath it, placed the blaze around my shoulders, and pulled me into his arms as he mumbled, "Let's go in before you catch a cold."




Looking up at Nero's straight face as he led me into the villa, I wondered if he truly felt the connection of the bond that I lied about, or if he was just playing along with me. 




But why? Was a question I knew not to ask, afraid of the damage it would result in because I laid, even though the question haunted my mind.













 


###chapter 21

The long game
****************Blake POV***********




This house has been so much hell for me that walking back in it makes the hair on my neck stand and my heart double its beat.




When Jason and I arrived inside the ballroom, I felt awkward being here. In the past, I was our family's shame and they weren't proud to show me off, so I didn't get to attend the fancy party.




That's why I went crazy using Nero's card to purchase this dress that had a lot of zero on the price tag, and I kind of am hoping that he never asked me about the price or the large sum of money that is missing from the card because I can not pay him back. 




Tonight, I didn't want to look or be pathetic because my childhood was, my love life is, and that's how I felt for most of my life. So, this party was my comeback to rewrite my story.




My presence in the room caused a sudden silence, and I squeezed Jason's arm, giving in to the feeling of nervousness that instantly hit my heart.




"I got you," Jason whispered, his voice sounding reassuring.




Looking up at him, I gave a smile when he stared down at me, and then I focused ahead of me, keeping my head high.




"Blake!" Loki heartily shouted the moment his eyes locked with mine. "I'm glad you came, my child!"




The entire pack was here, and Loki was acknowledging me in their midst! It felt surreal and a bit shocking.




Looking at the alphas around him, Loki had this prideful look in his eyes as he said, "You each owe me a million bucks. I told you that she was going to show up."




They gave a shaky laugh, and then elder Clinton put his arm around Loki's shoulder and said, "Forgive our big mouth. We were stubborn and decided to only believe when we see it happen. Now that Blake is here, we know that our leader is not a liar."




 "You can't blame us though. Who would have thought that Blake would be bold enough to show up here after every..." Elder Hall laughed, pausing suddenly without staring at Loki.




It wasn't strange that they bet on me attending the party or not. After all, I didn't have the finest history of about house, and it was just yesterday when Loki changed his mind about killing me.




Also, some of the wolves in here listened to Loretta instead of Loki, and it would be stupid of me to come, knowing that she wasn't the slightest bit happy about Loki's decision. But here I was, among the midst of those that wouldn't hesitate to rip me apart.




"Luna is here with her mate!" Loretta cheerily announced as the bloodthirsty look in her eyes faded.




Leave it to Loretta to take the spotlight off me and on to her daughter. But I didn't mind because the only reason I came here was to learn about my mother since Loki looked a bit welcoming to me again.




As Nero and Luna passed me, I squeezed Jason's arm a bit tighter, holding in my breath to calm myself and still my pounding heart when I noticed his coat around her shoulder.




"Nero, it's nice to see you!" Loki said as they shook hands.




The look on his face showed that he was proud of the alpha Luna had, and just for a second, I pictured that it was me and not Luna by Nero's side. Then I brushed the thought aside and faintly smiled.




"Blake, come over here!" Loki shouted, looking at me.




The hate I have for this man just keeps growing as he continues to pretend to be a father rather than the abuser that he is.




Keeping my chin up, I walked over to Loki with Jason by my side, stopping a foot away from him, and said, "Loki, I came as you begged. Now can we talk somewhere quiet?"




The look of embarrassment that flashed crossed on his face, and the nervous look in the expression of the elder's faces gave me a satisfying feeling.




"How about we talked after the announcement?" Loki said with a straight face which only pissed me off, even though it was meant to scare me.




"I didn't come to party, Loki. I came to get answers. How about you deal with me first, so I can be on my way, and you guys can have your little celebration." I calmly uttered, not caring for the wrinkles between his brows.




"How can you abandon a party meant to welcome you back in the pack?!" Elder Lurker abruptly announced a bit sharply.




Firstly, his tone had me clenching my jaw as I screwed my face into a frown and glared at him. I didn't earn my freedom just to get yelled at by a bunch of fakes, self-absorbed, and cold-hearted old men.




When I looked at Loki and saw the look of hesitation in his eyes, I gave a half-smile, and boldly stated, "Did Loki not tell you guys that I am a rogue and plan to stay that way!?"




"What!" All the elders shouted in unison, stretching their timeworn eyes wild open.




"I will take that as a 'yes.' Well, since he withheld such information from you all, I will clarify things. I have no intention of joining the pack again!" 




Suddenly, Loki's eyes glowed red as he shouted, "Blake!"




The force from his voice, the energy he was releasing, and the murderous look in his eyes vex me and my wolf instantly.




"Don't yell at me, Loki!" I shouted, surprised by my voice and the dominance in my tone.




The hall grew silent, and I could feel people's eyes on me. Even though I felt my wolf fully awake, I looked at Jason as he stared blankly at me and asked, "What?"




"Your eyes are glowing red," Jason whispered as he gave me a soft smile.




Coughing slightly, Loki cleared his throat and loudly said, "Let's be transparent here! We as a pack haven't given my daughter a reason to trust us, so until she does, tonight will only be about lifting the kill order on her!"





The faces of the elders told me that none of them was happy about such news, including Loretta, which wasn't strange to me. Even Luna looked a bit pissed when our eyes met. I guess she couldn't play pretend with such news when she wanted to hear the opposite.




Glaring at me, elder Arthritis frowned and stated, "Loki, you know we can not have a wolf with an extremely dominant force at such a young stage to be a rogue. Do you know the dang"




"Shut the fuck up, Arthritis!!" Loki coldly mumbled, swaying his cold gaze on him.




Then he looked back, took a long stare at me, and said, "Let's talk!"




Afterward, Loki walked away, and as I was about to follow him, I caught Nero staring at me, and I hesitated for a moment, holding back my breath before turning away and heading after Loki.




When we got to his study, he locked the door, and instead of feeling afraid since the room was soundproof for werewolves, my wolf became aggressive, and I gave her full control.




"Are you going to show yourself or going to keep hidden as you did for all these years!" Loki said, talking in a formal tone, and I knew he was talking to my wolf. 




But why was he so casual to her? What did he know about me that he was so hellbent on going against Loretta and even the entire pack for me?




A growl suddenly escaped my lips, and I felt violence like nothing before, and the hate that I felt wasn't mine, it was my wolf. She was mad to the point of wanting him dead.




"Don't be stubborn. You know that you can not keep her safe alone at this stage. You need me to help you out." Loki said in a calm tone. 




But I saw a spark of fear in his eyes when she snarled, and I couldn't help wondering if this had something to do with the way he treated me, or if there was something more going on because Loki sounded like he knew her. 




Suddenly, I felt the rage subside, and my wolf gave control back to me which only left me with more questions.




"Care to explain?" I asked, frowning as I met Loki's eyes.




"You have to stop acting headstrong, Blake, and come back home where you belong. You deserve to lead this park after I'm gone." Loki casually uttered as though he just didn't drop a bomb on me.




Speechless, I took a long look at him and asked, "What nonsense are you talking about now, Loki?"




"Not nonsense. It's your birthright, Blake." Loki said with a deadass serious expression.




"Nah, now you are making no sense here!"




"Blake, I need you to get over your pride and see the bigger picture!"




"What bigger picture, Loki!" 




Silence fell between us, and his expression didn't change as I glared at him, wishing he could just move his lips and spit out the truth.




"You are my first, and it's your right to lead after I'm gone." Loki finally said.




But I knew that there was more. I could see it in his eyes. Yet I understood if I wanted to find out the truth, I needed to play his game.




"Fine. I will think about it. Not promising anything though!" I mumbled, crossing my arm.




"That's all I asked," Loki said, smiling faintly.




Then he unlocked the door, and as he was about to head outside, I mumbled, "My mother!... What can you tell me about her?"




"Decide to return to the pack, and after you take over, I will tell you about Skylar," Loki said, staring back at me.




Looking directly into his eyes, I hesitated, holding in my breath, and then asked, "Answer me this, please Is she alive?"




"Yes," Loki said without the slightest bit of hesitation.




Finally, I softly exhale, wondering if I should smile, feel sad, or get mad that she has been alive all this time and choose not to see me. Now, I wanted to desperately look into her eyes and scream at her for leaving me in this shit hole.




It was annoying to know that if I wanted to do so, I had to play a long game with Loki until he is satisfied to tell me where she is.







###chapter 22
She is mine
*****************Jason POV**********




After noticing Loki walk into the room without Blake, I felt a rise of fear, and my gaze remained glued to the doorway.




Finally, I saw her, walking through the door, and I slowly inhaled, feeling a sense of calmness wash over me.




Subconsciously, I felt my lips pulled upward as Blake walked further into the room and approached me.




"So" I mumbled, meeting her eyes.




"We are going to stay a bit longer," Blake said with a shaky smile. "Is that okay with you?"




"Sure," 




"Thanks,"




With a hint of sadness in Blake's gaze, I saw her eyes drift away from me, and I stared to where she was looking, landing my gaze on Loki, Luna, Loretta, and Nero.




Although I didn't know what game Nero was playing here, I knew Blake meant something to him. Even if he couldn't say, his eyes, tone, and mood when it came to her made it obvious.




Every now and then, he was giving her side-eyes, and Blake's gaze remained in a fixed direction, solely on him.




If she was his mate and meant to break the curse, then why was I suddenly having awakening feelings for her. Is this some kind of messed-up joke that fate was playing on me or I was reading too much into things!




Finally, when Luna glared our way, Blake hastily pulled her eyes off Nero, placing them on me as he focused the other way.




Thankfully, Loki distracted all of us by raising his glass and announcing, "A few days ago, I stood in this very room and used these same lips that I am about to use to revoke my statement to banish my daughter!"




Looking our way, he smiled and shouted, "But tonight, I am about to fix my mistake and say that even though Blake is not a part of the pack, she will not be hunted and Killed! Go against my command, and you and your entire family from the smallest to the oldest will die by my hands!" 




Those words made me question if Loki knew that Blake was an Ultima, and if he did, what exactly his plans were for her because I just couldn't get over the fact that he suddenly was protecting her after marching into her class and threatening to kill her.




"Welcome back, dear niece!" A guy with silver hair suddenly said, raising his glass with a smirk on his lips.




'Rolex,' Blake whispered as she doubtfully stared at him.




"Who is he?" I mumbled, looking down at her.




"Luna's uncle. One of the strongest gammas of our pack."




"Uh,"




The way Rolex was looking at Blake and she was glaring at him, I guess that their history wasn't pretty and the tension in their stare made me believe that I was right.




"You want to grab something to eat?" I asked to distract her.




"Mmmh," Blake mumbled, finally drawing her attention back to me.





As we were about to walk away, an alpha with an annoying amount of gel in his hair suddenly stood in our way.




Immediately, Blake threw him a hostile look and sneered when he smirked at her as he mumbled, "Damn, Blake!" 




The was a brief pause, and I could tell from her expression that she was pissed when she whispered, "Killian,"  




"You two know each other. That's good." I heard Loki's voice a short distance from behind us.




"Who wouldn't know a guy like Killian when he's a ho"




"Blake, watch your words."




A frown crossed her face, and from the anger in her eyes, I was now curious about this guy.




"You know that Killian is a promising alpha from a prosperous and respectable family, so how about instead of offending him, you two get to know each other," Loki said, giving Blake a soft smile as he stopped in front of us.




But her eyes got dark and hooded, and she softly sneered and said, "Don't push your luck, Loki. Just because you have a grip on me doesn't mean I will eat the trash you plan to feed me!"




"Blake!" Loki whispered in a harsh tone.




"What!" 




"You Mr. Noble, please don't take offense to her words. You know Blake has a loose tongue with even me, her father."




His eyes flicked from Blake's feet to her eyes in the blink of an eye, and Killian smirked as said, "From a stunning lady like your daughter, I take no offense in her words." 




"I think I just barf in my mouth," Blake mumbled, and I looked the other way, holding my laugh.




"You!" I heard Killian shout.




Swaying my gaze at him, I stared at the burning fury in his eyes and mumbled, "Are you talking to me?!"




"Yes!" Killian spoke with bitter resentment. "Who the fuck are you?"




Not knowing how to answer that question, I eyed Blake, and seeing that she looked hesitant, I calmly uttered, "I'm her mate."




A chuckle escaped Killian's lips, and he kept laughing mockingly until Blake harshly asked, "What the heck is so funny?!"




Ignoring her words, Killian looked at Loki and said, "You approve of this, a beta feasting in the plate that should belong to an alpha?!"




Did he just refer to Blake as an object sexually! If I wasn't in the middle of a room filled with my enemies, I swear I would have fuck this son of a bitch up and taught him some manner. I don't care if he is an alpha that could mess me up badly.




"Mr. Noble, do you have something against Loki Hayes's daughters?! First, you harassed Luna and made her cry, and now you are indirectly insulting her sister. What's your issue with both sisters?!" Nero abruptly said, his voice, strident.




The tone he used sent chills down my spine because he used that voice when he's about to end someone brutally.




"What nonsense are you saying! How did I harass Luna!? I will never hurt her!" Killian said, his voice coming out stiff and prim.




Frowning, Nero looked down at Luna and said, "Am I the liar here, babe?" 




I couldn't believe my eyes and ears. He was using one sister to defend the other want without even revealing it. Since this trip, I have seen sides to Nero that left me speechless and kind of proud of my alpha.




A look of hesitation crossed Luna's face as her eyes dulled when she glanced at Blake. Then she looked at Loki and said, "Nero is telling the truth. Killain put his hands on me when we met outside."




With his eyes glued to Killain, Loki clenched his fist and shouted, "You did what to my daughter?!"




A look of fear passed over Killian's face as Loki approached him and he mumbled, "Mr. Hayes, I can explain. You see"




The rest of his words abandoned his lips when Loki struck him in the jaw before putting a hole in his gut.




Like a real alpha, he took both hits without making a sound, and then stopped clutching onto his stomach when Loki stepped back.




"Hayes, what is going on here?" A tall, built guy said as he approached us with Karen and an elegantly dressed woman beside him.




"Your son disrespected me, and I'm just teaching him manners. Do you have a problem with that, Noble?" Loki's voice turned dark as he asked.




"Since that's the case. I guess I don't."




"Good. I'm glad that we are on the same page."




Swaying his gaze off Loki, Mr. Noble looked at Blake and said, "Dear, it's lovely to see you blossom into your true self"




"Dad," Karen said flatly with a look of annoyance in her expression. "Don't you think it's too soon to praise her when all she has done so far is to change her eyes color? I meant, where is her wolf, or is she fakin"




"Keep quiet, Karen." The lady I believe to be Mrs. Noble said when Mr. Noble threw her and her daughter a hard look.




Looking away from his daughter and wife, Mr. Noble sighed and said, "Blake, it's a shame that you have a mate already. It would have been our honor to call you our daughter-in-law."




"Well, to me, it's honestly not a shame because Jason is perfect, and I couldn't ask for a better mate," Blake said, and my gaze settled on her.




Even though I knew she was just saying things that she didn't mean, those words made me slightly smile.




"Are you sure, sister?" Luna said. "Have he even marked you?"




A hint of hesitation clouded Blake's face, and I was about to come to her rescue when she abruptly uttered, "Yes. What do you think the bandage on my neck is for!"




All this time, I didn't think much about why she had a bandage on her skin tonight until she mentioned it. 




"You and my daughter went through the marking process?!" Loki asked, looking at me like he was about to kill me.




Glaring at Nero, I clenched my fist when our eyes locked. This entire time, he had been hiding it from me that he marked her. That bastard! No wonder his ass was so protective over her. 




"Yes," I mumbled, holding back my rage. "I'm sorry"




"You son of a bitch!" Loki shouted, moving for me.




But Blake jumped in between us and yelled, "Don't you dare! If anything happens to Jason, you should know what will happen!"




"Wow, sister! I'm sorry for doubting you.  It's just that I haven't seen you guys be intimate, and that's why I was certain that you were lying about Jason and you being mates." Luna mumbled, pouting slightly.




Frowning at her sister, anger spiked in Blake's eyes. Then she suddenly collared me, pulled me towards her, and before I could figure out what was going on, her lips were on mine.




This was it! The uncertainty that I felt was clear as Blake kissed me, her lips brushing against mine, softly, delicately, and I couldn't get enough of the taste of her as I inhaled her breath.




After our mouth parted, Blake stared blankly into my eyes, looking as though she regretted doing it. 




But I didn't mind because if her using me was the only way, I could get the chance to love her then I will take it, even if she was Nero's mate because it didn't excuse the fact that she was mine.








###chapter 23
Reject her
**************Nero Pov************




The silence in the hall was loud as Blake glared at Luna and said, "There! Is that enough proof for you!" 




After her remark, I could feel Luna's eyes on me, but my gaze was on Blake as I tried to make sense of the kiss and get my anger under control.




Swaying her focus off Luna, she glared at Noble and said, "I'm fine with the mate that I have, and there is zero attraction between your son and me. But I hope he finds the one for him. However, it's not me!"




"I, Killain will not take such disrespect from the Hayes family! Do you sis" Killian shouted, pausing when his father threw him a side-eye.




But I wanted to hear the rest of his statement because it seemed like he had a problem with Luna too, and I wanted to know what it was.





"Seems like we have overstayed our welcome, and I think it's better for my family and me to leave," Noble said with calmness in his tone, yet his eyes gave it away that he was angry.




"Come on, Noble. You don't have to leave in such a sour mood. How about we grab a bottle of champagne and chat somewhere quiet?" Loki abruptly said.




Two names that I knew were on the list were Noble and Loki because these two when back from the very beginning, and if the weren't more names on the list, I would have already murdered the two of them.




"How could I refuse my leader's request?" Noble said, his expression a bit smoother. "Please lead the way." 




Placing his focus on his daughter, Loki looked a bit hesitant before mumbling, "Blake"




"I got to go," Blake said, swaying her focus off him and on Jason. "Ready to leave?"




In that instant, Jason's eyes met mine, and there was a shade of disappointment on his face. Then he drew his eyes off me, stared at her, and said, "Sure."




Was this it? The solution to fix the mess that I made, have Jason be with Blake, and I can focus on the mission?




A part of me didn't like the idea, not a single bit. But as I watched her hold Jason's arm and walk away with him, I knew it was for the best. Maybe this was the sign I needed to know that she is not the one, the one to break the curse.




"Babe," I heard Luna whisper, and I looked down at her. "Ain't they cute together. It's funny because I always thought I would get marked before Blake."




There are only a couple more days until the new moon, and then it will be safer when my mark fades from Blake's neck, to mark Luna.




Before coming here, I thought things were going to be simple. But it seems like this is going to be a long-term game that I have to play if I want to avoid the nightmare of the past that haunts me at night. So, I can not keep dodging marking Luna if I want to use her.




"Don't worry, just because your sister got marked first that doesn't mean that you wouldn't bear my mark," I mumbled, smiling softly at her, even though I felt numb inside.




When I raised my head, my gaze locked with Killain's death stare, and I was confused about what his issues were or if he was just an ass.




After Jason's scent faded from the villa, I waited for a couple of hours, forcing myself to go through a small conversation with Luna's family from her mother's side, even though it was Loki that I wanted to speak with.




But he and Noble had suddenly vanished from the villa, although their scent was still in the building. Yet, I couldn't pick up their voice.




Finally, at twelve o'clock I arrived home and headed straight for my room, hesitant to check on Blake.




The moment I got changed into something comfortable, I heard a knock on my door, and Blake's soft voice followed after, "Nero, are you in?"




Although I wanted to ignore her knock, I knew we had to talk now or later, and I wanted to get over it.




"Nero?" Blake whispered, her heart pounding so loudly that I knew she was freaking out.




After heading over to the door, I opened it, and our eyes instantly locked as we held back our words.




"What is it?" I mumbled as Blake lowered her gaze to the floor.




Then she stretched out her hand to me and whispered, "Here's your card."




"It's yours. I don't need you to give it back to me."




"But"




"Take the card, Blake, and go to bed." 




When she said nothing for a few minutes, I turned to head back into the room, but her voice stopped me, "About Jason and I"




"You are his problem now, not mine," I said without looking at her.




But when I heard a soft sniff, I raised my gaze to stare at the look of hurt in her eyes.




"I'm not an object for you to give away after you get tired of using," Blake mumbled in a choked voice.




"Who was using who here, Blake? This, us, it wasn't supposed to happen. I told you that." I said, striving not to give in to my emotions. "You choose to lie about Jason being your mate! You decided to kiss him!"




"You know why I did those things!"




"Yes, and it's better that it stays that way. You are free to be with whoever you want to be with, and if my beta is your choice. Then go ahead! Be with him."




Keeping silent, Blake took a long look at me and then muttered, "Is that how you truly feel?"




With my gaze focused on her wet eyes, I huffed and said, "Yes, that's how I feel."




A teardrop stroke down Blake's cheek when her lashes gently touched each other and she mumbled, "You are cruel,"




"I'm not going to deny that," I said as she darted her gaze away from me.




Closing her eyelids, Blake took in a deep breath, wiped her cheeks with the back of her hand before opening her eyes, and said, "You might have never laid your hands on me, but you have scarred me just like they all did. I guess my wolf was wrong, you are not a lesser douchebag than them. You are just like them."




This wasn't supposed to hurt. But it did. I felt something from the words she said, and I wanted that to mean something. Yet, I didn't know what to make of what I felt. Was I just sorry that I hurt her, or was I hurting because she was?




With a shaky smile on her lips, Blake looked directly into my eyes and said, "I know what attracted my wolf to you. But I don't know what lured me towards you. To me, you are toxic. Yet, was it what drew me in deeper, or was it that you cared." 





"Blake..." I mumbled, struggling to put my feelings into thought, so they can be words.




"I don't recall when I fell for you or the exact time I knew that I loved you. But that's the best part because if I can't remember something as important as that"




"Let's not do this!"




"It will be very simple for me to forget you and move on with my life."




Silence fell between us, and I tightened my fist before letting out, "Stop!"




"What! You can hurt me with words, but I can't?" Blake asked, her tone cold.




When I didn't answer, She stared, deep wrinkles formed on her brow as she said, "If my words made you feel like you are suffocating and can't inhale and exhale even though you are breathing, then you know exactly how I feel right now."




Without looking at me, she walked away, squeezing the credit card tightly to an extent that I knew it was hurting her.




As I moved my lips to call her name, my phone buzzed, distracting me for a second. Then a sigh escaped my lips, and I headed back into the room, slamming the door shut.




Once I had a hold of my phone, I went numb as I gazed at my father's text on the screen, "How's your progress with Loki's daughter?"




"A bit slow." I texted back.




"What's the hold-up?"




"She wants me to mark her."




For a couple of minutes, he didn't text back, and I brushed my palm against my face, drawing a breath.




"Do you have any sort of feeling, like care or lust for Loki's daughter?" My father finally texted back.




Which one, father? If you mean Luna, the answer is simple. But if you mean Blake, it's complicated. But you won't understand. That's why I'm glad that you meant Luna.




"No, father." I wrote and sent.




A few seconds went by, and then I saw this on my screen, "Good. Then mark her. Once you have achieved your goal, you can reject her. The pack does not have a use for a Luna that shares the same blood as our enemies."

###chapter 24 
It will hurt if you do
*************Blake POV*********




The thought of skipping a class wasn't something I thought to be doing. But the less of Nero that I see, the more quickly I could forget about him.




Last night was the worst, and this morning was even more terrible. Jason had not spoken a word to me, and I did the same because I felt ashamed that I used him at the party.




Also, he and Nero weren't speaking to each other either, and I feel like it has something to do with me. But then again, it could be more than that.




"Blake!" I heard the instructor call out my name, and I slowly raised my eyelid.




Ignoring his call, I kept my head on the desk and shut my eyes, feeling tired to go through this with him since this wasn't my first class under him.




"What are you doing?! Wake her up?!" Mr. Graham shouted.




Then I heard the omega seated beside me mumble, "Hey, you!"




Now, I was even more pissed and decided to act on my anger by being stubborn and not raising my head.




Whispering arose in the room, but I didn't care because their stupid remarks were only making me bitter.




But suddenly, I felt a manly hand rest on my neck and heard Jason's voice, "Blake,"




Now, I had to fake asleep because I felt a bit embarrassed to let him figure out that I was faking it.




"Wake up," Jason mumbled, rubbing my neck which felt ticklish and a bit different that made me feel a bit weird.




"Mmm" I whispered, raising my eyelids to see him staring at me.




It was all his fault that I had my head bent in the first place because he chose to sit right beside me today instead of waiting in the hallway.




Annoyed, I raised my head and stared at him, feeling emotionally drained, and my brain became blank from all thoughts.




"Do you want to share with us the work you did last night that kept you up and is causing you to sleep in my class?" Mr. Graham asked, scowling at me.




It wasn't strange that he was behaving rudely to me. After all, Karen had him and most of the instructors in her purse.




"I was simply sleepy," I mumbled, resting back in my seat as I focused on him.




"Rig-ht, so you choose to treat my class as something irrelevant and not pay attention!" Mr. Graham uttered, raising his voice a bit.




As I was about to speak, Karen suddenly blurted out, "Maybe her mate worked her around the clock last night, and that's why she is tired. It wouldn't be strange since she was bold enough to kiss him at the party yesterday."




"The semester is still new, so how about you focus on your study, huh, Miss Hayes?"Mr. Graham said, grimacing at me. " You are not the smartest here. Just a little advice before you flunk again."




Within a second, the class grew loud with noise from all the silly giggling and mumbling.




"And how about you stop being an ass kisser to Karen and taking every trash she says literally, judging me based on her idiotic remarks!" I loudly uttered.




Immediately, it grew silent as a frown settled on Mr. Graham's face, and Karen shouted, "You, bitch!"




"Yes!" I mumbled, looking directly into her blue eyes.




"Get the hell out of my class now!" Mr. Graham yelled with his fist clenched.




As Jason was about to speak, I held his wrist, and he paused, looking at me.




"Or what?" I uttered, swaying my gaze on Mr. Graham. "You are going to do what if I don't leave? Call Loki? Do it!"




"Don't push your luck with me, Blake?" Mr. Graham calmly said, yet his eyes burned with rage.




"This is me pushing my luck! Call Loki! Tell him how you insulted me in a crowded class by calling me, 'dumb.' And let's see who will still have air in their lungs before the day end!"




A look of hesitation crossed Mr. Graham's face as he stared at me, then at Karen. Then he cleared his throat and said, "Can you at least pay attention for the rest of the lecture?"




Ignoring his words, I laid my head back on the desk and shut my eyelids as a reward for all the times he embarrassed me, called me names in class, and worst of all, made Loki come on campus so often that I was getting a beating almost every day.




"Okay, back to the topic in discussion, Werewolf Shifting, and Transformation." Mr. Graham's annoying voice echoed in my ear.




After the class time was over, I grabbed my bag and walked out of the room, leaving Jason a few steps behind me.




When we got to my locker, I angrily unlocked it while listening to the annoying whispers in the hallway.




"No one has seen her wolf yet, and she is suddenly this bold!" 




"Maybe she's faking it to look tough, so she wouldn't get bullied and be worth something."




Slamming my locker door shut, I angrily mumbled beneath my breath, "You guys are so fucking dumb!"




The hallway got instantly quiet, and I felt a bit calm, even though I could feel others' eyes on me.




"Blake," Jason called from behind me.




Still enraged, I turned to look him in the eyes and mumbled, "What?!"




"Nothing," Jason said with a straight face.




My tone was harsh, and I regretted it, so I sighed and whispered, "I'm sorry for lashing out at you. It's just that between what happened now and yes"




"I know," Jason said with a faint smile.




The atmosphere between us had changed, and I knew it. But I wasn't really to have such a talk with him because I was afraid of both ways our conversation could go.




"I got my next class," I mumbled, darting my eyes away from him. "Maybe you should stop following to sch"




"Can we talk about it later?" Jason suddenly asked.




Looking at the calmness in his eyes, I paused for a moment before silently nodding as I mumbled, "Sure."




At that moment, a scent caught my attention, and I gaze to the right, screwing my face into a frown as I glared at Karen.




"What?" I mumbled in annoyance.




"You keep forgetting your place, and I will have to remind you of it one of these days if you keep acting daring!" Karen said in a peremptory tone.




The more she keeps showing up in my face, the harder it's getting not to hurt her and use her as an example for everyone. Yet, I couldn't do it because the Noble was powerful, and if I was to puncture my claws in Karen's face, I need a good reason to do so.




As I was about to speak, Jason suddenly laced his fingers with mine and pulled me along with him.




"What are you doing?" I whispered, following him obediently.




As we walked past Karen, he eyed me and said, "You have a class to attend. Don't use those minutes to entertain rubbish." 




"Hey!!" Karen screamed.




But Jason kept walking, and I could do nothing but followed him while holding in my laugh. When we got to my class door and stopped, I looked down at his fingers against mine.




Raising my gaze, I stared at his eyes and mumbled, "About last night" 




"Don't apologize," Jason cut me off. "It will hurt if you do because what happened last night meant something to me."




The kiss meant something to him? What was that supposed to mean? Yet, I couldn't ask because I fear the answer, although the words were on my tongue.




"Okay. Then I am not sorry about last night." I mumbled, smiling softly at him.




For a moment, Jason intensely stared at me. Then he let go of my hand and said, "You should go in."




Not knowing what to say next, I turned away from him and headed into the room, walking to the back of the class.




After taking my seat, I was about to rest my head on the desk when my phone buzzed, and I gazed at Nero's name blinking on it.




At first, I didn't want to answer it. But after his third call, I accepted it and mumbled, "What is it?"




The line was silent for a moment. Then he finally uttered, "You missed class today. If you keep up such behavior you are going to have to repeat the cou"




"I'm thinking about dropping your class!" I blurted out.




Although I wasn't considering it at all before this moment, after blurting those words out, I was serious about it now.




"Oh," Nero's voice flowed through my ear, sounding shocked.




"Yeah. So you don't need to worry about me and my grades. We will be just fine." I mumbled, ending the call without waiting to hear if he had something else to say.




Tossing my phone on the desk, a groan slipped from my lips, and I squeezed my fist, realizing that I was caught in the middle of an Alpha and his Beta.




But then again, Nero doesn't have feelings for me, so that just meant it is Jason who




Nope! I shouldn't be reading too much into things because that is how my heart becomes a mess. For all I know, both of them could be mad at each other over nothing related to me.




"Okay, class, move to page fifty-five." Mr. Walter said, and I opened my textbook, ignoring all thoughts about Nero and Jason.













###chapter 25
It won't happen now.
**********Luna POV***********




Nothing had been the same in this house since Blake went through her so-called transformation. My father and mother had grown a bit distant, and although they hadn't fought, I knew that the words they were holding back could start a war within the pack.




"Dad!" I shouted, stopping at the steps when I saw him grab the front door handle.




"Luna!" My father mumbled, turning around to face me with a weak smile on his face.




With my eyes fixed on his, I walked down the last two steps and hurried over to him.




"Where are you going?" I asked, grinning at him.




Of course, I was enraged inside about the sudden liking that he had taken towards Blake, and I wanted so badly to scream in his face and let my anger out. 




But then again, that wouldn't get me anywhere. So, I am going to remain daddy's little obedient girl while being not so timid. 




"Somewhere," My father said, looking a bit haste to leave.




"Does that somewhere have a name?" I mumbled beneath my breath while keeping a stiff smile.




When he stared at me, I widened my eyes with my hands clutched behind my back, knowing he couldn't resist the childish look.




Finally, a sigh escaped my dad's lips, and he mumbled "I'm going to Highlight hotel to have a word with Jason." 




"Why?" I muttered, losing my smile immediately.




Last night was the perfect assurance that I needed to make sure that Nero and Blake weren't together, and her kissing Jason and revealing that he marked her was just perfect.




If my father is going to talk to him, then that could mean one thing, he wanted them to split up, and I wasn't having any of that nonsense. 




The last thing I wanted was Blake being without a mate again. Because for some unknown reason, Nero doesn't even look at me like the way he looks at her.




"What's with all the questions, Luna?" My father mumbled, hardening his face.




"Why are you afraid to answer her questions though?" My mother's voice echoed from behind me.




Turning my head to glance at her, I felt goosebumps raised on my skin by her cold eyes and immediately focused on my father.




"Since Luna refused Killian as her mate, it's only logical that Blake has him as hers. After all, the Noble is the best choice here." My father said as his gaze danced over my shoulder.




"You know mating doesn't work like that! Blake already has her mate! Breaking them up would mess her up!" My mother said in a calm tone, but I knew that she was infuriated.




The Noble is among those that have great importance in the pack, and if Blake was to become Killian's mate, my father was going to get what he always wanted, a greater influence in the pack than my mother.




"But it wouldn't kill her. You of all people should know that." My father said with a deadpan expression.




Then he turned his back to us, opened the door, and walked out, leaving me staring at his back fading out the door before it shut.




After standing still, I turned around to face my mother, and she suddenly walked away, heading upstairs. But I immediately chased after her.




When we got to her bedroom, she stopped, gazed at me, and said, "Do you know what this means?"




"Blake can not live?" I mumbled, knowing from the death stare that she was giving me that she wanted someone dead.




"Exactly. If your father is being headstrong about Killain and Blake getting together that could only mean he's thinking about her being the one to run the pack!"




"What the fuck!"




"Language, Luna!"




Silence fell between us as I scowled at her, annoyed that she cared about my words in such a moment.




Folding my fingers into a fist, I felt anger stab its way into my heart as I shouted, "He's going to turn over the pack to Blake?! But she's a bastard"




"No, she's not." My mother blurted out.




The immediate silence that settled in the room grew loud as each second passed without my mother giving me more explanation than the nonsense that she just said.




"Are you going to explain yourself?" I finally mumbled, getting a grip on my anger.




"Blake is the daughter of Loki and his legitimate mate, the one before me." My mother said, lowering her gaze.




Immediately, I felt like I couldn't breathe and was drowning in my anger as my wolf awoke and I started to feel the transformation.




"Luna, get yourself under control!" My mother shouted with a mixture of fear and anger in her eyes.




Feeling my nails shift slowly into claws, I stared down at the blood dripping from my hand onto the tiles before snapping out of the transformation phase.




"Then who am I?" I whispered, feeling like the answer was going to make me lose it completely.




"You are Loki's and I's daughter!" My mother mumbled, glaring at me as her eyes shifted blue. "And that's all that matters!"




That was the careful way of saying that I have been living in Blake's identity all along, and the bastard had been me all along. 




"I didn't tell you the truth because I never expected Blake to become something that your father will care this much about." My mother said with a note of desperation in her voice.




This was freaking unbelievable that I felt like I was having a sick nightmare that I needed to wake up from and never dream about it again.




"But now that she has gained his attention, we need to act now. Even though Loki will be mad if she does die, he can not hold us accountable if he doesn't want a war within the pack and to lose the last of his heir." My mother hastily let out.




Scowling at her, I tried to stabilize my breathing and lashed out, "Why would you even leave her alive in the first place for all these years, knowing her identity?! Now, I can't trust you to do the damn thing!"




"Luna! Watch how you speak to me!" My mother shouted with her blue eyes glowing.




"You do what you have to do, and I will do what I have to do!" 




"We should not act"




"If Blake doesn't die today!... I'm going to lose my damn mind and go insane! You don't want that, mother! You don't want a river of blood in this mansion, do you?!"




After intensely staring at me, my mother sighed and then walked over to the dresser. Once she had gotten ahold of her phone, I watched as she strolled through it for a moment and then placed it to her ear.




My ears were alert when I heard her say, "Hey, brother."




Uncle Rolex, my mother's oldest brother and the head of punishment at, "The Night." My mother may have the pack respect, but uncle Rolex was feared by many, and he loves it, and so did I. He was kind of my role model.




"How's my baby sister doing?" Uncle Rolex said, his voice emotionless as always.




"Not good." My mother said, pausing as she eyed me. "It's time."




"You want Blake dead."




"Mmmh, yes."




The line grew silent, and I couldn't help wondering why uncle Rolex was hesitant to respond since I was impatient to know if Blake was going to die today or not.




Finally, Uncle Rolex said from the other end of the call, "The last time, you told me not to kill her because you were afraid of"




"It's been nineteen years, Rolex. It's safe to assume that it is never going to happen." My mother mumbled, avoiding my eyes.




Now, I was really confused and annoyed that so much was being kept a secret from me, and I didn't realize how much I was kept in the dark until today.




"So, you are sure that you want to do this?" Uncle Rolex asked, his voice uncertain.




"Yes!" My mother said, looking directly into my eyes.




"Okay then, consider it done."




"Good. Make sure"




"Nothing leads back to you. I know, little sister." 




After my mother ended the call, I immediately asked, "Why didn't you allow uncle Rolex to end Blake back then?"




"Because of her background. But it's in the past and doesn't matter now." My mother mumbled, yet she sounded doubtful.




"Doesn't matter! What if this past comes back to bite us in the ass?!"




"That's what I feared. But if it didn't happen for nineteen years, it won't happen now. Also, after today, we wouldn't have to worry about Blake ever again."  




Staring at my mother, I couldn't shake off the awful feeling I was getting because so much about Blake was being kept a secret, and I needed to know why.




But from the responses I had gotten so far, I understood the answers weren't going to come so easily. So I knew I had to let it go since the problem was about to get solved. 





###chapter 26
Vengeance
************Jason POV**********




We haven't spoken to each other, Nero and I. We ignored each other this morning, and I still can not believe a day like this exist.




Blake is avoiding him too, and I can't stop wondering what they talked about last night. Did they argue because of the kiss? Is that why Nero wasn't talking to me?




I was mad at him for lying to me and keeping things about Blake and him from me for this long and that I had to find out from her.  But what was his reason for looking so pissed this morning?




Staring down at my boots, I took a deep breath, and then my phone vibrated in my back pocket.




After getting it out, I looked at Harley's name on my screen, and I immediately answered it.




"Jason," Her honey voice echoed in my ear.




"What is it?" I mumbled, hearing the distress in her voice.




"Our leader is at the hotel, and he is looking for you."




"Loki?!"




"Yes. He wants you to come over here like now."




Swaying my gaze into Blake's class, I saw her leaving her seat with her bag, and I knew that she had eavesdropped on my conversation.




Sighing, I focused back on the call and mumbled, "I will be there."




When Blake got out of the room, she looked at me and said, "Let's go."




As she tried to walk past me, I grabbed her bag handle and pulled her back, beside me before mumbling, "It's rude to listen in on others' phone calls."




"I was bored and happened to accidentally hear the conversation while trying to listen to something interesting," Blake said with a stubborn look on her face. "Now, let's go."




"I'm going, and you are staying right here to attend your lecture,"




"But"




"No. You are not coming with me. It's me that your father's ones to see, and not us."




"You don't understand"




"Go back to class, Blake, and promise me that you will not do anything wild afterward and go home." 




A frown crossed Blake's face, and I could see it in her eyes that she was seriously considering if she should obey or rebel.




Finally, she narrowed her eyes and said, "Fine. But promise to tell me what he says to you later on? Also, tell him, 'Hey' for me."




"Sure," I uttered, knowing that any other answer might make her rebel, and that was something I couldn't afford, especially with Blake.




After watching her head back in class, I gazed at her taking a seat before walking away, heading out of the building.




The moment I got in an Uber, I dialed Nero's number and rang his line. Although he answered, he didn't say a word, but I could hear his breath.




"Loki is at the hotel I stay at," I mumbled, staring out the windshield.




"What? How?!" Nero said, and his voice bore worry in it.




"I'm not sure. But I'm going to meet him. So, Blake is on campus alone. She promised to go home after her class, but"




"I will handle her. Loki,"




"I think he only wants to talk, and nothing else." 




"Jason,"




"I will be fine."




The line fell silent, and I knew what he was thinking. From the moment I could remember, he had had my back even if it meant facing death, and that's why I feared I am nervous about what my feelings for Blake could do to us.




Finally, Nero huffed and said, "Call me if things go south and don't do anything stupid. Do not go somewhere isolated with him and"




"I got it!" I hastily mumbled, looking away from the windshield.




"Right,"




"Are we going to talk about last night?"




The line fell silent again, and I waited impatiently for him to say something because I couldn't bear the feeling of guilt and dilemma.




"What's your deal with her?" Nero asked, a little sullenly.




Feeling a sense of rage squeezing my heart, I frowned and mumbled, "Are you 

 serious right now?! How the fuck would you ask me such a question when you were the one who kept it from me that you mark her?!"




"I marked her, and nothing changed. It's not something to share when it was meaningless!" Nero said in a casual tone, and I wanted to punch him so badly.




"Meaningless! Meaningless! You must be shitty me! What are you doing with her then if it was meaningless!"




"Chill. What happened between her and me meant something real to me. It is the fact that I marked her and the curse is still not broken that makes it absurd!"




He said it meant something to him. Was it worth asking him what it meant, and finding out that he wanted her as much as I did?




"So what's your plan for her?" I asked, unclenching my fist.




When Nero didn't answer, I hesitated, rethinking my words a couple of times, and then said, "I felt something last night when she and I kissed. So give me a direct answer now, and I will take a step back if I have to."




"Don't!... Don't take a step back," Nero said flatly.




Holding back my words, my thumb stroked against my bottom lip as I tried to make up my mind about his words 




"Okay, I won't. But don't you dare change your mind later because even if you do, I wouldn't take a step back!" I mumbled, knowing that there was a ninety-nine percent chance he would go back on his words, yet I was hoping for the one percent.




But Nero being Nero, he ended the call without saying a word, and my hand clutched the phone tightly, striving to not lose my grip on my anger.




Yet, I did lose it and shouted, "If you want her, just say it, you asshole, and stop messing with everyone's emotions! I don't even know who you are anymore!" 




Then I unintentionally caught the driver staring at me through the v-mirror, and a sense of embarrassment swept through me as I focused on the open window.




The rest of the ride felt a bit awkward, and I felt glad when I walked into the hotel lobby and approached Harley at the front desk.




"Where is he?" I mumbled, staring at the glimpse of fear in her eyes.




"In the private diner, room 202. Martin will take you there." Harley said, not losing the look of stress on her face.




Giving her a soft smile, I pat the back of her hand and said, "Thanks."




But as I was about to walk away, Harley grabbed my wrist, and when I looked into her eyes, she lowered her gaze as she drew her hand back.




"If you did something wrong, I advise you to run and not go up there," Harley whispered beneath her breath, biting her bottom lip when she raised her head and our eyes lock.




"It's fine. I did nothing wrong." I mumbled with a silent chuckle.




"Then why does he looks like he wants to murder you?"




"Because every dad wants to murder the guy their daughter is seeing," 




The look of fear in her eyes suddenly faded, and she looked blankly at me before whispering, "Oh,"





After giving her a quick smile, I walked over to Martin, and he too looked freaked out when he saw me.




"You are seriously meeting him?" Martin muttered, his eyes shaking hysterically.




"Yep," I mumbled. "Lead the way?"




A feeling of sudden tension overwhelmed me when I finally entered room 202 alone and lock gaze with Loki's cold red eyes.




"Who are you?!" These were the first words that escaped his lips as he continued to intensely stare at me.




"Umm, you found out where I stay, so shouldn't such a question be answered by now?" I mumbled as I remained at the door, maintaining my distance from him.




But the hate that I had for him wasn't something that I could ignore, especially since he was the reason I lost everything, mama, pa, Jolene, and Sarah. They are all gone because of this beast.




"Ha, I see you hate life!" Loki said, his eyes glowing with a bloodthirsty look in them. 





Keeping silent, I tried not to squeeze my fist as I gazed at him, suppressing the storm that roamed within.




"Why is your identity hidden? Since we met, I have been trying to figure out who you are, but nothing. So, you much either be a ghost or someone who I'm about to fuck up if you don't tell me who you are!" Loki said in a calm, dead tone.




How was I supposed to know what happened to my identity? Nero was the one talking about a fresh start and removing stuff.




My heart stopped for a second as I watched Loki's nails transform into claws, and I held in my breath, knowing that there was no way I could fight him and not get dragged away by the grim reaper.




"Blake wants me to say 'hey' to you for her," I blurted out, clearing my throat as I tried to pull myself together.




Silence fell in the room as Loki suddenly stood to his feet. Then he walked over to me, stared at his claws, and smirked.




Now, I couldn't help wondering what was going on in his messed-up brain as I maintain eye contact with him.




"Stay away from my daughter if you don't want me to find other means to unbound her from you!" Loki mumbled, losing the smirk.




After his fingernails shifted to normal, he glared at me for a moment and then walked out of the room, slamming the door shut.




Feeding off my hate for him, I clutched my fist, drawing a deep breath, and in that instant, it hit me. My history with Loki is nothing too different from Nero.




Now, it was clear as daylight. That liar didn't want a fresh start! He wants vengeance!


















###chapter 27

His wolf
********Blake POV*********




My entire focus was on my phone screen as I stared at Jason's number, unable to stop bouncing my leg while debating in my head if I should text him.




Suddenly, Nero's name starts to flash on my screen, and I forget to breathe for a second. Then I canceled the call before hitting my message icon and writing, "How did your meetup with my dad go?"




Every passing second afterward left me nervous until a message popped up on my screen, "It could have been worse. Are you on your way home?"




Lifting my head, I gazed at the driver and then focused on my phone before replying, "Yes!"




"Can you answer the damn phone!" Nero's text suddenly displayed on my screen, and I rolled my eyes to the back of my head.




Then before I could reply to his text, my phone started ringing, and I took a long look at Nero's name before accepting the call.




"Where are you?" His voice rang in my ear.




"In a cab!" I mumbled, annoyed by the dominance in his tone.




"Where?!" 




"Seriously!"




"Yes!"




The fact that he was this overprotective was annoying and confusing at the same time, and I had to draw a long breath to calm myself and then reply, "I am not sure."




The stupid uber had tinted windows, and it was hard to figure out where we were from just the front windshield.




"Share your location," Nero said in a calm, measured voice.




Yet, I felt like crying, screaming, and laughing at how bizarre his attitude was and how ignorant he was to not see that this is the behavior that gives me messed up emotions. 




Trying not to lose my damn mind, I scratched my brow, did a little breathing exercise, and whispered, "Fine."




"Good," Nero mumbled, and I ended the call.




As I went through my apps, sulking, I couldn't help wondering if this is how crazy he was with Luna also, or if he just loves to drive me insane.




Finally, the map displayed on my screen, and I realized that I was nowhere near the direction that I had given the driver.




Immediately, I shared my location with Nero and texted him, "I think I'm in trouble."




Within a split second, he messaged back, "I'm on my way." 

 

Looking away from the phone, I looked into the mirror to see the driver's eyes blue, and I knew that I was in some deep mess. 




"Can you let me down here?" I said, trying not to freak out.




Suddenly, the car came to a stop, and he looked back at me, smirking as he mumbled, "We are here already.".




According to the location on my phone map, we were on the road that goes through "Shadowy wood." 




With every pound my heart made, I regretted focusing on my phone, not paying attention to my surroundings, and getting in this damn car.




 After he opened his door, my eyes followed him, and then my door suddenly opened.




When I shifted my gaze to the right, I saw a built beta reach into the car, grabbed my arm, and yanked me with force.




Fighting back, I clenched onto the seat tightly. But he let go of my hand, rushed for my legs, and dragged me out of the car.




When my butt hit the ground, I groaned out the pain and looked up, staring at the five robust betas surrounding me.




My head and heart were a mess with thoughts and emotions running through me endlessly. Then I felt my wolf awakening, and I stood to my feet.




As the wind hit my face, I tugged my loose hair behind my ear and mumbled, "Okay. Do I at least get to know who wants me dead before I die?" 




No one spoke as I stared coldly at their faces one after another, and my wolf got alarmed and defensive when she smelled the deadly aroma in the atmosphere. 





Then I gave a soft laugh and said, "It seems like someone didn't get the memo last night, or don't any of you respect your leader anymore?"




Finally, one of them met my eyes and said, "Where is your wolf, Blake? Or were you calling a bluff about it?"




"Who wants to meet her, you or the person behind this nonsense?!" I mumbled, not breaking eye contact with him.




There were six of them, and I could smell the last beta in the wood, the beat of his heart, the flow of his breath, and every movement his feet made.




"I heard that you have a thing for betas. You even turned down Killian Noble for a beta." One of them said with a smirk on his face. "Well, there are six of us. How about a hookup, and we might spare your life if we are satisfied?"




When I frowned, he sneered and let out, "What!? We are not good enough as your so-called Beta?"




Feeling enraged now, my brows snapped together as I mumbled, "I will passDid Karen put you guys up to this shit?!" 




As his eyes bored into me, he took a few steps forward towards me, but I stood my ground and listened to him say, "For someone who is about to die, you are very bold."




At that moment, my phone buzzed, and he rushed to me, not giving me a chance to react, and jerk it from my grip.




"Nero," He mumbled, raising his gaze to look at me. "You are in touch with your sister's mate?" 




"Give me back my phone!" I uttered, slowly relinquishing control to my wolf.




Ignoring me, he looked at the other Betas and said, "He's on his way here. Let's finish this before he arrives."




Those words made me give up control totally to my wolf, and I immediately screamed in agony, dropping onto my hands and knees trying to endure the anguish. 




The pain from my spine breaking and changing its structure followed by my arms and legs twisting in inverse ways had me screaming as I gazed at them, watching me.




Finally, my scream slowly shifted into a howl, and I was now seeing through the eyes of my wolf, gazing at the look of terror on their faces.




"What the hell is that?" One of them whispered, looking directly into her eyes. "She is huge."




There was a brief pause. Then my wolf was face to face with five large wolves with their bloodthirsty gazes on her as they growled and snarled.




Not wasting a second, they launched toward her, but she didn't give them the chance to attack first.




The feeling of aggression that overcame her made me feel every beat of my heart as she rushed for the first wolf, piercing her claws into his fur, sinking them deeper into his skin, and viciously tearing through it.




When the second wolf charged toward her, she struck his face with her paw, dragging her claw into his fur.




Suddenly, we felt a sharp pain in the back of her leg, and teeth inside her flesh, pulling on her skin.




Immediately, she kicked back with great force hitting his jaw and causing him to release her foot. 




Then she turned, hurried towards him, and grabbed him by the neck, snapping it into two before dropping him to the ground.




The remaining three wolves attacked at once, biting into her fur, and she groaned. Yet, the pain only seemed to make her more aggressive.




Snarling, she turned her focus on the other wolf, and as he was about to pounce on her, she hit her paw in his chest, slamming him to the ground and then bit into his skin until he stopped shaking.




The next wolf sprang up to her, only for his neck to get caught in her mouth and she swung him toward the wood, watching him smash into the tree before she focused on the last wolf.




As she took a step towards him, he stepped back, and she moved forward, but he drew back. Then he suddenly turned to run, but she grabbed his back leg, a bit hard into it, and threw him towards the car, crashing him into the windshield. 




Suddenly we heard a growl coming from the woods, and she looked in that direction to see a brown wolf slowly approaching us.




At this point, I was feeling a bit uncertain that she would be able to fight since her injuries were severe, and her fur was wet with blood. Also, I felt myself regaining control which was not a good sign.




Just in time, a car sound caught our attention, and she looked to the right. It was Nero's vehicle, and I felt a sense of relief wash over me.




After the driver's door opened, Nero got down and took one look at me, and all I could see in his eyes was rage.




As I shifted back into my human form, feeling my wolf growing calmer and weaker, my eyes remained on Nero until I was staring at a wolf with black thick fur and blood-red eyes.




Looking at his wolf, I fought to keep my eyes open, and the last thought on my mind before I lost consciousness was, 'He looks like a wolf I would never dare to fight.'





###chapter 28
Another powerful Alpha 
*********Nero Pov********




Swaying my gaze off the road for a moment, I stare behind at the backseat and stare at Blake, under the blanket before focusing back on the road.




It's been a couple of minutes now, and she's still unconscious, which had me a bit worried because her injuries were deep, even though they weren't life-threatening.




Although I knew what Blake was, I didn't expect her wolf to be this aggressive and dominant at this stage. It was her second transformation, and she murder five betas without any help and in a short time frame.




Her wolf was way fierce and more mature than I thought it was. However, it seems like she's still weak, but once she reaches her full potential, today's incident will be nothing compared to what she can do.




"Nero," Blake suddenly whispered.




Immediately, I glanced back at her to look at her weary face as she stared into my eyes and mumbled, "The sixth wolf," 




"Dead," I said, looking ahead of me.




After all these years, I let my wolf out for her, and now, I don't want to imagine what happened back there and the gruesome mess I made because it will make me nauseous.




"You killed him," Blake asked, her voice hoarse with shock. 




"Mmmh," I mumbled without looking back at her.




It grew silent in the car afterward, so I looked behind and realized that she had fallen asleep again.




For a while, I forgot myself as I stared at her face until I heard a honk, and I snapped back to reality, immediately focusing back on the road.




"Look where you are driving, dumbass!!" A driver shouted as he sped past us.




When we got to the villa, Blake was still asleep, so I had to carry her to her room, and the moment I rested her on the bed, I heard the front door open.




Picking up Jason's scent, I walked out of the bedroom and headed downstairs, meeting him in the hallway.




He was worried that Blake wasn't picking up her phone and called me a while back to ask if she was home. So I told him about what was going on, and now, he's here which I wasn't expecting.




Staring up from my head and dragging his gaze down to my feet, Jason frowned and mumbled, "Why are you dressed like that?" 




"This is what I could get my hands on in a rush," I uttered, gazing down at my pullover pajama set.




After receiving Blake's distress text, I was in such a hurry that I grabbed my pajamas from last night off the floor and my blanket from my bed, not sure if I was going to shift or she was.




"Where is Blake?" Jason asked as he looked over my shoulder, staring at the staircases.




It was annoying to know that he was here because of her, and I don't know if I could classify what I felt as me being jealous. But I kind of hate seeing his face the moment he asked for her.




"She's sleeping," I murmured, walking past him.




For a while, Jason said nothing as he followed me to the living room. But when we finally took a seat, he met my eyes and asked, "Is she okay?"




"Even though she sustained some nasty injuries, a couple of minutes from now, she will be fine. Her wounds had already started healing."  I mumbled, trying to get the bloody image of her out of my head.




"Who could be behind something this fuck up?" 




"I'm not sure. But I found this." 




Reaching into my pocket, I pulled out a phone and tossed it on the table.




After my brief encounter with sixth wolves, I went to check the woods to make sure that that was the last of them, and I stumbled upon his phone.




Once he had picked it off the table, Jason eyed me before playing the recording, and I noticed his eyes glowed yellow and his fist tightened as he listened to the recording.




What he said this morning about not taking a step back and that he felt something for Blake left me in a messed-up dilemma, and seeing now that he did care about her in that way was kind of pissing me off. 




"It was in the woods, a few distances from where Blake got attacked. The fact that one of those bastards was recording, I think whoever sent them wanted proof of her wolf." I mumbled as I darted my gaze away from him.




"You think Chloe is the one behind this?" Jason asked, drawing my focus back to him.




"It could be. Her father has the money and power for her to hire six betas." 




"These guys are arrogant asses."




"They got what they deserved."




"Huh?"




As I was about to explain my words in detail, Jason's face went blank, his eyes widened, and he didn't blink for a while.




For a couple of minutes, the noise from the video audio was the only thing echoing in the living room. Then Jason finally dropped the phone on the table and mumbled, "What the fuc" 




Focusing on my eyes, he took a long look at me and gaily laughed, "She's freaking unbelievable!"




There was no denying that and that I had wronged one of the few wolves that could take me out.




"What did Loki want to talk to you about?" I asked, pushing aside my thoughts.




"He wants me to well, he wants you to reject Blake," Jason said spitefully. 




That was the slightest strange. Blake said it, and now that her words were true, I felt some type of way over the fact that Killain was the option her father was going for.




First of all, he is a dickhead, and his attitude is pure trash that makes me want to beat the crap out of him until he stops shaking.




After keeping silent for a moment, Jason's face deepened into a frown and his eyes darkened. 




Then he sluggishly dropped back on the couch and mumbled, "Loki's exact words were that I should stay away from his daughter if I don't want him to find other means to unbound her from me." 




Even though I restrained myself from saying it out loud, I couldn't help wondering if Loki was going to force Blake into bearing the mark of an alpha she doesn't love and is bound to.




"The mark will disappear on the coming full moon naturally, so there's no need to emotionally break her," I mumbled, unable to get over the awful gut feeling I felt.




"Then what next?" Jason asked, his gaze cold as he stared at me. "Are you going to set her free?"




"That's the plan." 




"About this morning"




"Let's not."




Suddenly standing to his feet, Jason looked down at me and mumbled, "I wasn't kidding."




"I know," I whispered.




"Good. There are a couple more days before the full moon. Make up your mind by then." 




"It's easy to say when you are not in my position."




Keeping silent, Jason walked away from the couch. But when he got to the doorway, he looked back at me and said, "Maybe if you stop shutting everyone out, and keeping things to yourself, you will find out that it's the simple things that you continue to make complicated."




If only he knew just how wrong he was. But I held back my words and watched him walk out of the room, knowing that my burden was mine and no one else to bear.




After sitting in the living room for a long while, I headed upstairs to Blake's bedroom to check on her because sounds were coming from there. 




When I entered the room, I met her sitting on her bed, wearing black shorts and underwear.




"Is Jason here?" Blake whispered as she gaze into my eyes.




"No. He was but he left." I mumbled, walking over to her.




Her expression grew dull, and she looked a bit hesitant before pitifully mumbling, "Oh,"




"What's with that look? You rather him being the one here than me!" I blurted out.




For a moment, Blake blankly stared at me with a stiff expression. Then she sighed and said, "I simply wanted to ask what he and my father discussed."




"He wants my mark on you removed, and since you claimed that it was Jason you mated with, he wants him to reject you." I let out, stopping a foot away from her.




Looking up into my eyes, Blake bit on her lip, drew a breath, and said, "It's either Killain or another powerful alpha. Loki will accept no one else, and Jason might get hurt if I keep using him."




"When did you start caring about what your father wants?" I asked, seeing the look of distress in her eyes.




"Since he found out my weakness," Blake mumbled, lowering her gaze to the floor.




"What is that supposed to mean?"




"Nothing. Forget about whatever I said. I will handle things on my own." 




"Blake," 




When she didn't answer, I placed my hand under her chin, raised her head, and asked, "What fuck up ideas are you thinking about now?"




"As I said, it's either Killain or another powerful alpha, no one else," Blake said in a bold tone.




When I furrowed my brows at her, she sneered and said, "Don't worry, I was not thinking of you when I say another powerful alpha."




Frustrated, I heard back my words as I screamed in my head, 'Then who the hell are you thinking of?!'









 



###chapter 29
Get out now
**********Blake POV********



"Beep!" "Beep!" The clock blows off in my ear.


Still, in a confused state of mind, my eyes remained closed for a few seconds, although I was awake. Then when my phone finally had mercy on me and my alarm stopped ringing, I raised my eyelids and stared at it.


I had two more hours before my first class according to the time on my phone screen. So I got down from my bed, flickering my toes when they touched the cold tiles and chill ran through my foot.


Suddenly the echo of a soft knock drew my attention to the doorway and mumbled, "Come in."


A few seconds later, Nero walked into the room, gazed at me, and said, "Come down." 


"For what?" I mumbled, trying to guess from his expression what this was about.


But Nero turned away and walked out of the room, getting me frustrated at such an early morning hour.


Annoyed, I walked after him, heading downstairs and out of the villa.


Finally, he stopped, and I stood beside him, staring at the black jeep in front of us.


"You got a new car?" I mumbled, looking at him.


"It's yours," Nero casually uttered.


Swaying my gaze away from him, I looked at the car, and then back at him before staring at the Jeep and taking another look at him.


"What? You can't drive?" Nero asked, still using a casual tone.


"Why did you buy me a car?" I mumbled, still struggling to process my emotions.


"So you won't get into shady vehicles and get into another shitty crisis." 


"That looks expensive. I'm not driving that to school!" 


"So you can drive?"


"It's the twenty century, people get their license at sixteen. But that's not the point! You can't have me"


Leaving me talking, Nero walked away, heading back into the house, and shut the door behind him.


The silence was annoying as I stood there, glaring at the door, wondering why he was so freaking complicated to understand. 


When I got inside the villa, I met him in the dining room and relaxed at the table as he looked at me with a calm expression.


"You can't expect me to ride a car worth thousands of dollars without raising people's brows, Nero. What were you thinking, getting me something that expensive?" 


"I was thinking, oh if Blake had her car, she would stay out of trouble and not get kidnapped again since we haven't figured out who was behind yesterday," Nero said, looking slightly irritated.


"You make it sound like it's my fault that I got kidnapped!" I mumbled in annoyance. "Also, I know yesterday happened because of Karen!" 


"How?"


"She threatened me in the hallway before I got kidnapped."


"And"


The way he was looking at me made it clear that he thought that I was making a stupid assumption, and I knew I will just be wasting my words by explaining to him if I tried to explain, so I turned to leave.


"Where are you going?" Nero shouted after me.


"To find clothes for school, and thanks for the car. But I'm not driving such a burden to school!" I shouted back without stopping.


"Blake!" 


"Also, I'm dropping your class today, just so you know!" 


After I got to my room, I chuckled when I heard Nero mumble, "Stubborn brat."


There were only a few more days left for him being my Alpha, and I have been feeling nervous that I was about to lose him.


If Nero claimed Luna that means I have only Loki to rely on, and even though I despise him and wanted to leave the state after Nero and I are unbound, I couldn't because of my mother.


Knowing that she was alive had changed so much, and I wanted to meet her at least once to ask her what the heck was she thinking, leaving me with Loki and if she hates me too.


 By eight-thirty, Jason and I arrived on my campus, and even though he too had tried to talk me into driving the jeep, we ended up using an Uber to get here.


The class was already half full, and Jason and I walked past Nero, headed to the back of the class, and took our seats.


By nine on the dot, Karen walked into the class with her followers, and I felt an intense rage awake inside of me.


At that moment, she locked eyes with me and smirked before walking up to me.


"Get your ass up," Karen said pointedly. "I want to sit here. You too, beta!" 


 "Miss, Noble!" Nero called out.


My gaze swayed towards him, and he looked a bit tense as he stared into my eyes.


"Blake," Nero whispered. " Don't,"


Pulling my eyes off him, I looked at the stupid smirk on Karen's face, and flashes of memories from her past insult to me started running through my head.


The rage that was consuming me only seemed to grow intense when I heard her chuckle and mumble, "Is your ass stuck? Or do you need an assistant in getting up?"


"Is it fun picking on someone weaker than you? Does your sick mind love to trample on others for the sake of your stupid excitement?" I mumbled, looking into her blue eyes.


"Miss Noble, I advise you back the fuck up and get out now!" Nero mumbled, sounding angry and looking worried at the same time.


Looking back at Nero, Karen sneered and shouted, "Can you stay out of this!!"


Then she looked back at me, her eyes darkened with hate, and she harshly uttered, "Get your ass up, Blake!!"


Keeping my gaze on her, I stood to my feet, and before I realized it, my wolf was in control. I


Within haste, I had spun Karen around, twisted her hands behind her back, and locked her wrists in my grip.


She tried to break free as she growled, but my fingers clawed into her hair and yanked it, only to end up with a bunch of loose hair in my hand, and I gazed at the bald spot on her head.


A scream escaped Karen's lips, and I heard Nero call out, "Blake, you need to stop!"


Ignoring his voice, my grip on Karen's hand got tighter as my nail shifted into claws, penetrating her skin. 


"Oh my! Blake stop! You are hurting her! She's bleeding!" One of her followers screamed, yet none of them dared to approach.


At that moment, a growl slipped from Karen's lips, and I pushed her head on my desk, pressing her down by her neck.


"Blake, calm down," Jason whispered, and I darted my eyes towards him as I felt my claw sink into the skin of her neck.


Viciously pressing Karen's head flat against the desk surface, I forcefully pulled her hand upward, causing her to scream in pain when a bone popped.


"Blake!" Nero shouted with dominance in his voice.


Playing deaf ear to his word, I leaned closer to Karen's ear and whispered, "You don't know half of the shit I'm capable of doing to you right now and so stop pushing your luck!" 


As I felt my rage subsiding a bit, I released her neck and said, "If I find out that you were behind me getting kidnapped yesterday, I'm coming back for you, and next time, I would stop my nails halfway in your skin!" 


It took a moment, then my anger finally calmed down, and I gained back control of myself. 


The second that I let go of Karen, she dropped to the floor, clutching onto her neck and coughing excessively.


When our eyes locked, it was the first time I have seen raw fear in her eyes as she mumbled, "I didn't ask some-one to kidnap you." 


The way she looked at me and her voice, I felt some sense of honesty from her, and it left me in a predicament.


"Get her to the infirmary," Nero said, and I looked back at him.


Yet my mind was a bit messed up about if Karen wasn't the one behind the kidnapping, then who could it be. In less than a second, I was left with two people's names, Luna and Loretta.


Now that I was in control again, the blood on the floor, and Karen's bloodstained neck, and wrists made me a bit weird out as her followers helped her to her feet, escorting her out of the room.


The look on the faces of the other students as they stared at me made the entire situation a bit awkward, and I looked the other way only to meet Nero's eyes.


"She was the one who bullied me first," I whispered under my breath, pouting at me as he slightly shook his head.


"Class dismiss!" Nero said out loud.


Then he walked out of the class, and my gaze followed him, wondering what he was so pissed about when Karen was the one who started all of this.

###chapter 30
The beast inside 
********Luna pov*******




Patience is not my best suit, yet, Nero keeps testing me, and my frustration is off the charts right now as I lay in bed, staring at my "Good morning, babe" text that I sent him to which he is yet to respond. 




At first, I thought he was just a gentleman by not wanting to have sex with or mark me. But recently, he has become more distant. 




We haven't even reached third base yet in our relationship, and I have tried to make it happen. But, he keeps treating me like something fragile that he doesn't want to ruin or touch too hard. 




Hopefully, this full moon, he will let go of his gentle side and allow me to experience the beast inside.




After another few minutes of glaring at my phone screen, I slapped it on the sheets and grabbed my pillow, covering my face as I screamed into it.




It has been hours since uncle Rolex ensured mother and me that he was going to handle Blake! So why I haven't heard any news of her death yet! All of this is just so frustrating.




"Milady, the table is set and your parents are waiting for you?" Rebecca's voice echoed into the room along with the sound of a gentle knock.




Getting out of bed, I walked over to the door, opened it, and looked her dead in the eyes before slapping her hard.




Although that didn't quench my rage, I did feel a bit of thrill when pain glowed in her widely spread eyes, and that distracted me a little from my problem.




For a moment, I looked at the bleeding cut on Rebecca's lip, smirked, and then walked past her, heading downstairs.




But when I got in the hallway, I saw my father and mother heading to the living room with a bunch of members of our pack.




Curiosity ate at me, and I rushed after them until we got into the living room. Then I walked over to the couch and sat silently beside my mother who seemed a bit stressed.




Uncle Rolex was among those in the room, and I already had a guess about what this meeting would be about, and the thought of Blake being dead made me entirely forget the annoyance that I felt that Nero had not answered my text, even now.




"What is so important for you all to rush to my home and disrupt my breakfast with my family!" My father said, his tone a bit rough.




Say it, uncle Rolex. Tell him that his bastard is dead. Who cares if she's a child he conceived with his mate! The only thing that matters now is that she is gone, and I can rest assured that Nero is all mine.




"There has been a massacre," Uncle Rolex said, lowering his hand as his fingers tightened into a fist.




Why did he look so disheartened! I get that he needs a bit of emotion to announce Blake's death, but the grief in his eyes looks raw. Also, what the heck did he mean by a massacre!




"Six Betas were brutally killed yesterday." Mr. Noble uttered since Uncle Rolex refused to speak.




What the fuck! Six Betas? How about Blake? Why the heck this news doesn't have her name within it!




"Huh?!" My father mumbled, looking as though he was still in denial about the news.




"We believe that they were murdered by someone powerful because we picked up no scent at the scene, and the bruises on these deceased betas body proof that the wolf that killed the was huge." Uncle Rolex finally mumbled, still having the look of grief on his face.




Although I wanted to deny it, the answer was all there. The betas that died were those that uncle Rolex sent to kill Blake. But who killed them? Blake there is no way it's her it can't be.




"Also, one of the wolves was shredded to pieces." Mr. Drew mumbled with a disgusted expression.




The room immediately became quiet when my father slapped the table and shouted, "How could this happen?! Six of our members murdered, one ripped to shreds like he has been butcher, and no one knows how the fuck that happened?!"




Not a single person spoke, and I could tell from his blood-red eyes that he wanted to slaughter all of them for their silence.




"Rolex!" My father shouted, and my heart froze for a second.




I was still shocked over the news that the wolves uncle Rolex sent to kill Blake are dead, and one of them got minced into pieces. But mother didn't look bothered at all, and I guess she already knew. Way to keep me in the dark, mother!




There's no way Blake could have done that She could not have taken on six betas, especially uncle Rolex wolves. 




"Do you have any any idea about what precisely took place yesterday!?" My father asked, his fingers in a tight fist.




Even though I knew father had nothing on uncle Rolex to suspect him, my heart wouldn't be calm, and my mother threw me a hard look, but she wasn't steady either.




The wolves died, and there was no news concerning Blake being wounded or dead, and it enraged me more than the fear I felt.




"The Shadow Woods is isolated, so there's no way to find out the truth about yesterday's massacre." Uncle Rolex said with his expression calm and his tone stable.




"Absurd!" My father shouted, and my heart hit against my rib.




"My alpha, please calm your rage." My mother uttered with her steady gaze on my father.




"I have not died yet, and someone dared to carry out such an act beneath my very eyes!" My father lashed out, totally disregarding my mother's words.




"Please still your anger. We all are as stunned as you and uncertain about this situation!" Mr. Noble said, fixing his gaze on my father.




His words worked like charm, and my father's expression finally softened as he sat back down, on his seat.




At that moment, Mr. Noble's phone started to buzz, and he picked it up.




When he rested it against his ear, I silently watched, noticing how his eyes were slowly squinting and his brows drawing downward.




Eavesdropping on his conversation, I was shocked to hear what the lady's voice on the other side of the line was saying.




"Blake did what to my daughter!" Mr. Noble shouted, standing to his feet.




Then he eyed my father with a hateful glance and said, "What! Karen has a bald spot on her head because Blake pulled out her hair?!"




The atmosphere was intense, and yet, I felt so tempted by those words to burst into laughter. But I suppressed my emotions and kept a straight face.




After hearing the injuries Karen sustained because of Blake, I realized that if she could take out Karen who used to beat the shit out of her, then I can be a bit open-minded to the thought of Blake killing six betas.




Yet, I wasn't willing to wholeheartedly believe that because not even my mother can take out that much betas alone. Someone must have helped her. But who?!




After Mr. Noble ended the call, he looked at my father and said, "You need to get your daughter down here now! Her behavior is unacceptable!" 




Although my father looked enraged by Mr. Noble's tone, he grabbed his phone off the table.




Things just seem to be getting more bizarre, and I felt confused that Blake could be the one causing such damage within the pack.




 Although it enraged me to think about it, I also felt a bit afraid, and I hated that feeling because it made me feel inferior to Blake for a moment... just for a split second.










Where are you
******Blake Pov*******




As I was about to head to my department office to drop Nero's class, my phone vibrated in my hand, causing me to stop and gaze at the screen to see Nero text, "Come to the parking lot!"




After abruptly ending his class, he suddenly wants to see me, and I have a feeling that it's so that he can shout at me and nothing else!




"What is it?" Jason asked, and I eyed him.




But as I was about to speak, my ringtone distracted me, and I gazed at Loki's incoming call.




Why was he calling too? Did he get the news about Karen? Right now, I can only handle one shouting at a time, and I would rather it be Nero first because talking to Loki is just going to make me feel more enraged.




"I got to head to the parking lot. Can you wait for me here?" I mumbled, ignoring Loki's call as I focused on Jason.




At first, he looked a bit hesitant, and I know it's because he and Nero have this idea that I am something that needs protection around the clock. Then he gave a half-smile and said, "Sure. Just don't hurt anyone on the way there."




Well, I guess my little interaction with Karen had made him finally believe that I am capable of taking care of myself, and the look on his face said it all.




"Sure Whatever" I chuckled, looking at the smirk on his lip and the twinkle in his eyes.




After turning away from Jason, I clenched my jaw at the thought of Nero yelling at me because Karen, and I squeezed my bag rope, marching down the hallway.




When I got to the parking lot, I knocked on Nero's car window glass, and he looked up at me before unlocking the door.




Struggling to stay calm, I opened the door, got into the car, and looked him in the eyes as I asked, "What is it?"




"Shut it?" Nero said in a commanding tone.




Rage sparked in me, thinking he was telling me to shut up. But as I was about to lash out, he pointed at the open car door, and mumbled, "Shut it."




Squinting my eyes, I pouted, knowing he wasn't just talking about the door. Yet, I still slammed it shut.




When Nero turned the key, confusion shadowed my thoughts, and I whispered, "Where are you taking me?"




But, the sound of the car engine was the only answer I got, and I wore my seatbelt quietly, relaxing back in the seat, knowing that he would not speak until he was ready to do so.




For a couple of minutes, we drove in silence, and my gaze remained on the windshield all those time.




"What the fuck were you thinking back there, Blake?!" Nero finally asked strongly.




But I was not in the mood to reply, so I continued looking at the tinted window which was better than seeing the look in his eyes right now because I knew it would be anger.




"Do you know what it feels like to kill someone for the wrong reasons?!" Nero mumbled, his voice a bit calmer now. "It can be the worst person alive, but if your motive for killing them is wrong, you will not get rid of the guilt for years!" 




Although I wanted to hate those words, he was a bit right. I attacked Karen believing she was behind me getting kidnapped. 




But after finding out it might not be Karen, I don't apologize for hurting her, yet, I do think I would have regretted annihilating her if she isn't the one who did it.




"I don't want you losing yourself to the anger and hate, Blake. It can make a monster out of a man!" Nero said, sounding so serious. "Do you understand what I'm saying?"




Sighing, I eyed him, realizing that it wasn't a look of anger in his eyes but pain mixed with grief, and I felt my heart soften a bit.




 "Nero, I only attacked Karen because she provoked me. I am not a maniac, you know." I mumbled, gazing at him in confusion.




"I know because I'm the maniac, and I don't want you becoming close to the person that I am! so I need you to promise me that you wouldn't lose yourself like that again without a solid reason. Your wolf is not ordinary, Blake!" Nero uttered.




"II"




"She's aggressive and very dangerous, Blake. You could have hurt others, and before you even realize what's happening, you are far too gone to stop!"





I was trying to stay calm and play stubborn with Nero's words, but the dominance and sincerity in his voice made me feel awful.




 When I felt tears settling in my eyes, I gazed back at the window, fighting against my desire to cry.




Suddenly, I felt the car stop. But my gaze remained glued to the glass, afraid to look at Nero because I knew that I was going to break down.




"You did well defending yourself today and yesterday." Nero's calm voice echoed in my ear, and I squeezed my eyes shut.





Why the heck didn't he start this damn conversation like that in the first place, instead of putting me into a roller coaster of emotions!




"Blake," Nero whispered, and I could feel his eyes on me.




Sniffing, I swung my head to the right and glared at him, and mumbled, "What?!"




"I'm proud of you, truly. That bitch deserves some good beating for her arrogance." Nero chuckled with calmness in his eyes.




Feeling a mixture of sadness and joy, I crack up with tears running down my cheek while sniffing and giggling at the same time.




Suddenly, Nero's thumbs brushed against my cheeks, wiping them dry as he stared into my eyes.




"I don't want your mark to fade!" I blurted out before getting a grip on my tongue.




But Nero simply stared at me, not saying a word, and I pulled my face away from his hand, mumbling, "I should call, Loki."




"Why?" Nero asked.




Oh, now he can talk! I felt like slapping him, hard. But I simply ignored his question, focused on my phone, and dialed Loki's number.




The moment he answered, Loki shouted in my ear, "Where the hell are you?!" 




"What is the issue, Loki?!" I mumbled, feeling annoyed by the choice of men in my life.




"What is the issue?! Did you attack Karen Noble?!" 




"Yes!"




"Blake, get your ass down to this house now!" 




Keeping quiet, I listened to his heavy breathing, and I waited for his tiny brain to remember that I wasn't his property anymore.




"Blake!" Loki's harsh tone echoed from the speakers, but I refused to answer.




After a couple of seconds went by, he called out a bit softly, "Blake, are you still on the line?"




Yet, I kept my lips sealed even after he calmly said, "Mr. Noble is mad, Blake. Can you come home so we can talk about this before things escalate?" 




My brain was crowded with thoughts that my mouth refused to say out loud, and I kept my cool, eyeing Nero before directing my stare to the window.




"Please," Loki finally uttered.




"I am on my way there," I mumbled, cutting the call before he uttered another word.




When Nero suddenly started the car engine, I glared at him and asked, "Where are you going?"




"To your father's house." Nero casually uttered, driving the car back on the road.




"Nah. Let me down Fine, I will let myself out!" 




"Do not touch that fucking door lock, Blake!"




Seeing that he was serious, I chuckled out my anger and asked, "How are you going to explain us magically arriving together, Mr. I don't want anyone knowing about you and me?!"




"I'm not going for you. Luna sent me a 'Good morning' text, and I just remembered that I forgot to reply. It's better to apologize in person, than on the phone." 




"What a faithful mate," I whispered in sarcasm, focusing back on the windshield.




My ringtone abruptly snapped me out of my emotions, and I stared at Jason's name, smiling weakly before answering the call.




Then his calm voice flowed into my ear, "Blake, it's not fun to go ghost on someone? You got me looking for you like an idiot. Where are you?" 




"I'm with Nero. He suddenly drove off with me, and I kind of forgot to tell you. I'm sorry." I mumbled, listening to him huff loudly. 




"Okay, so are you guys coming back on campus?"




"No. My dad wants to see and speak to me concerning Karen so he and I are on our way there." 




"Will you be okay?"




"I think so."




"Call me if you want to talk afterward, okay?"




"Sure."




When I ended the call, I could feel Nero's eyes on me as he mumbled, "You guys"




"You gave me your blessing, so don't start. Not when you are teasing with my heart. I deserve better than you, and if that's Jason or anyone else. Then I am willing to look past you and see them. Got it?!" I uttered, ignoring the dull throb in my chest.




The car grew quiet for a moment before Nero whispered, "Crystal,"
Do you like my sister 
*******Nero Pov*********





This is what I want, Blake off my back, so I can focus on what I came here for and head back home. But why does every second I spend with her keep making that harder for me to do and everything she does affects me to a great extent?





Maybe No. Such a thought would only hurt her further than now. It's better this way. The sooner she is with someone stable, the better it is for her, and it's the only thing I can hope for.




Swaying my gaze off the road for a second, I stared at Blake, deep into the game she was playing on her phone. 




Her face gave away that she was pissed, so I focused back on the road, knowing that I can not afford another argument with her.




How was I supposed to respond to Blake not wanting my mark to fade on her when rejection is the only thing that awaited her if it doesn't? It must be more preferably if my mark fades than to emotionally break her in the end.




Finally, I drove into the Hayes yard and brought the car to a stop.




Immediately, Blake pushed the door open before I could turn off the engine and got down, rushing into the mansion, slamming the door as though she didn't want me following her or getting seen with me.




But I got out of the car and headed into the mansion because she was the reason I came to this stupid place in the first place, knowing that it was her against everyone in this damn house.




When I got into the living room and Luna's eyes rested on me, her face lit up as she jumped from the couch, rushing into my arms with a bright smile on her lip.




Hugging onto her waist, my gaze met Blake's cold stare, and she rolled her eyes before looking at Loki.




"What are you doing here, babe?" Luna whispered, stroking her palm against my chest.




"Huh!" I mumbled, pulling my gaze off Blake and focusing on her. "Oh, to apologize in person that I didn't respond to your text from this morning, and as if you want to grab lunch later with me."




"Sure, babe!" Luna gaily whispered. "Let me get changed and then we can go."




Realizing that I have fuck up, I looked back at Blake and said, "Oh, like now How about after this meeting? Your sister needs a witness for what happened between Karen and her, and since I'm their teacher"




"Did you and Blake come here together?" Luna asked in a harsh tone.




Finally, staring back at me, Blake's face hardened as her lips pressed in a firm line. 




Then her expression suddenly softened as she mumbled, "Yes, Luna. I asked for his help because I know no one in this house will believe my words. But since my soon-to-be brother-in-law was there and saw everything that happened, why not use him as a witness since we are family."




Not breaking eye contact with me, Blake's eyes darkened, and she mumbled, "I hope it's not a problem, sister?" 




"If he helps give us clarity about what happened between Karen and you, then of course not," Luna said, smiling as she entangled her fingers with mine.




Narrowing her eyes, Blake sneered and then looked back at Loki and the others in the room.




"What clarification do we need when you have injured my daughter so severely!!" Mr. Noble lashed out, slapping the chair arm.




"Severe? She will heal by this evening. I can't say the same for her bald spot though."




"You little...!"




"Also, if what I did to Karen was brutal, then what would you call what she's been doing to me over the years?" Blake mumbled, her tone calm.




"What!"




"Let's not play dumb here, Mr. Noble. We both know that your daughter is not an angel. Even her eye color gives that away that she is a devil." 




Scowling at Blake, Loki clutched onto the chair arm and said harshly, "Watch how you speak, Blake!? Even if Karen had wrong you in the past, attacking her for no reason is unacceptable."




"For no reason! Haha! I see someone got the wrong narrative of the story." 




"You are not helping your case here, daughter?"




With a hateful gaze, Loretta frowned at Blake and said, "You know that there is punishment for such behavior, right?"




"Really? Where were those rules and penalties when everyone was shitting on me?!" Blake shouted with aggression in her every word.




"You shouldn't be speaking in such a tone, especially if you are in the wrong here, Blake!" Rolex abruptly uttered, frowning at her.




"And how is she in the wrong again?! Were you there when the incident happened?" I uttered, scowling at him.




Looking up at me, Luna pouted and whispered, "Babe,"




Not caring for her frown, I looked Rolex directly in his eyes and said, "What happened in that classroom between Karen and Blake was an act of self-defense. Karen came onto Blake, she simply matched her energy." 




"By pulling Karen's hair out and wounding her badly!" Luna mumbled beneath her breath.




"Compared to getting your head slammed in the classroom tiles, I say that's a pretty forgiving act on Blake's part!"




Frowning at her, Luna scoffed and mumbled, "Why are you standing up for her?!"




"Because if I see evil, I call it out for what it is Your sister was being bullied? Am I the only one who sees that as something wrong?... Or would you all rather that Karen have been the one who hurt Blake instead?!" I told her.




The atmosphere grew pretty quiet instantly, and I could see that none of them appreciated what I said, except Blake. 




Looking at me, she had that same intriguing look in her eyes as she did the first time she went into heat in my house, and I couldn't help staring into her gaze.




"Of course not, babe. I didn't know that Karen and Blake had such a tense relationship. If I knew that my sister was being bullied, I would have helped her. But Blake hardly tells me things about herself." Luna uttered softly, drawing my eyes back to her pleading expression.




That was a lie, and I knew it. But to keep up the appearance, I brush her hair and mumbled, "I understand," 




Clearing his throat, Noble looked at Blake and said, "I think highly of you truly. And I hope we can get past this disaster that has happened between my daughter and you, for the future sake."




"Mmmh," Blake mumbled, squinting her eyes.




"I'm going to leave it at that for now and go see my daughter. I hope that you two can get along soon."




"Mmmh,"




I wasn't liking the sound of this, not one bit. If he wanted Blake and Karen to get along, that only means he and were thinking of blending the family through Blake and Killain.




Fuck no! Blake can be with anyone, and I will be okay with it, but that douchebag. Not that ass not him!




After leaving his seat, Noble looked at Loki for a moment and then walked away, leaving the living room.




"Blake, can we speak in private?" Loki said as he stood from the couch.




A look of frustration crossed Blake's face as she sighs and then mumbled, "Sure Loki, let's talk!" 




The entire shift in this discussion was pissing me off, and for a moment, Blake eyed me, looking disheartening. 




Then she followed Loki out of the living room, and I subconsciously took a step forward before Luna's voice stopped me in my tracks, "Babe, can we go now?"




"Huh?" I mumbled, meeting her eyes.




"I'm starving."




"Hmmm, sure!"




Taking my hand in hers, Luna pulled me along with her as she murmured, "Great."




Damn it, I didn't want to leave Blake behind I didn't want to walk out that door, knowing that she was still inside. But I did, and I hated myself the moment I drove out of that yard.




"Do you like my sister?!" Luna abruptly blurted out, her eyes on me.




"Do I like Blake?" I asked with my gaze on the road.




First Jason, and now her. Can't I just not have to think about what my feelings are for Blake. 




"Yes, Nero!" Luna replied in a strong tone.




"Why would you even ask such a question?" I uttered in annoyance, clutching the steering wheel tightly.




"Because the full moon will soon be here, and I just need to know that you will keep your word and don't have a thing for my sister!"




"I don't have a thing for Blake, and I'm keeping my word when the full moon arrives, so can we drop this damn conversation!!"




I lost my cool by raising my voice, and I could see the look of shock on Luna's face as she stared wild-eyed at me.




"What?" I mumbled in a calmer tone.




"Nothing. I think I just got more eager to have you and can not wait for this full moon." Luna whispered, biting on her index finger as she giggled faintly.










Killian's Mark
Blake POV




"I'm calling Jason to pick you up." I read Nero's text, feeling numb and aggravated.




At this point, I am just going to accept that I am never going to understand him and leave it at that because it's less hurtful.




"Is that Jason?" Loki's voice echoed into my ear, and I raised my gaze off my phone screen, looking at his annoying face.




"What is it that you want to talk to me about?" I mumbled, putting my phone away in my jeans pocket.




"Your mother"




"What about her?"




Even though I wanted to feel mutual about his words, I held my breath because of how eager I was for his reply.




"She is not a member of the dark moonlight pack." Loki calmly uttered.




My body immediately came to a standstill, and I felt my heart triple its beat as I stared at Loki, wondering what to say.




"I have other family members than you and those two?" I mumbled, finally getting over my shock.




"Mr. Noble would like you to be with Killian, Blake." Loki blurted out, and I felt anger squeeze my heart.




Frustrated, I scowled at him and lashed out, "Loki! Can we go back to the first discussion! My mother her pack who are they" 




The thought of having other family members out there was amazing a bit scary, but very much intriguing.




"Blake, you must have a good amount of cards in your hands, but I have mine too. So how about you cut the bullcrap and your stubbornness and listen to what father says." Loki said in a calm tone and deadpan expression that made me swell with anger.




"Don't you try to blackmail me, Loki!" I shouted, losing control of my rage.




"I would never. I just need you to come to your senses, Blake. Loretta has half of the pack members in her grip. But the Nobles own most of them financially"




"Dad!"




Sighing heavily, Loki's expression softened as he said, "With Luna mated to Nero, your chances of running this pack is slim, except you have both the Nobles and me backing you." 




"But I don't give a shit about running this pack. All I want is to know where my mom is and which pack she's from." I mumbled, fighting against all my emotions that had suddenly overwhelmed me.




"You might not like to run this pack, Blake, but it's what I want, and for me to help you, you got to do exactly what I prefer! Do you understand the trade?!"




"So you want to force me on the Nobles, knowing fully well that Killian is not my damn mate!! I have no feelings for him, Loki!" 




My eyes were at the rim of leaking tears, but I kept my emotions together, knowing that acting pathetic wouldn't still change his mind.




"Sometimes Blake, feelings don't matter in getting what you want, sacrifice does!" Loki casually said like he didn't give a damn about my opinions.




This was sickening. No matter how much I think I could escape my pathetic reality, life slaps me in the face with a decision that makes me even more miserable.




Knowing that I had no other choice, I suppressed my emotions and mumbled, "So if I bare Killian's mark"




"And decide to take over the pack!" Loki blurted out.




"Okay, so if I allowed him to mark me and take control of the pack, would you tell me everything about my mother and her pack?"




"Yes, Blake! Every detail that your heart so desires to know."




"Okay. But can we wait for the full moon before I give myself to him?"




"Why?"




Because it's going to be less painful after Nero's mark fades. But those words were not for Loki's ear. So I lowered my gaze and said, "Just so I can be ready emotionally." 




There was a brief pause. Then Loki slightly nodded and uttered, "Okay. But before then, can you at least make the effort to get to know Killian? I will arrange a date for you two. What do you think?"




"Whatever" I whispered. "Sure."




"Good. Don't worry, Blake. I promise you that this is for your own good. With the Nobles behind you, you will be untouchable."  




"Mmmh"




Suddenly, a thought clicked in my mind, and I hesitated for a moment before muttering, "Someone is after my life."




"What?" Loki shouted, a glow of bright red color shot in his eyes.




"I got kidnapped yesterday by six betas, and they wanted"




"Wait! You are the one behind the massacre?... You killed those six betas, ripping one to shreds?!"




For a moment, I felt dumbfounded over Loki's last statement until I remembered Nero. He did what to the sixth wolf?!




My mind went blank for a moment. Then I recall our conversation this morning, and everything somehow made a bit of sense. He wasn't kidding when he said he was a maniac.




"Yes," I mumbled, focusing back on Loki.




It took a long while of silence for him to say, "Okay. I will look into it. For the time being, come home, and live here."




Was he dumb or something? Did he not already put two and two together and realize that being in this place will accelerate my chances of death?




Frustrated, I slowly exhaled and mumbled, "Loki"




But he cut me off and said, "Be obedient, Blake."




Although those were only three words, they had so many meanings that made me hold back my tongue and then muttered, "Fine. I will come home tomorrow."




"Good. I will send Gustav to pick you up when your classes are over."




What a maze my life is! I ran only to end up in the same spot, from the very beginning. But if that means I get to find a new direction to flee in, then I'm willing to take the risk.




A vibrating feeling hit my thigh, and I reached into my pocket for my phone, pulling it out.




Seeing that it was Jason calling, I immediately answer the call and mumbled, "Hi,"




"I'm outside, waiting on you," Jason said, sounding worried.




"I will be down soon."




"Okay."




After ending the call, I looked at Loki and said, "I got to leave. My ride is here."




"Jason?" Loki asked, scowling strongly.




"Yes,"




"What do you know about that guy?"




Ignoring his question, I stood from the couch, clutched onto my bag rope, and walked out of the office. 




When I got downstairs, Loretta and I met in the hallway, and her face hardened into a frown as she asked, "Leaving?"




"Yes," I mumbled, not losing sight of her eyes.




"Okay. But just a little advice, stay away from Nero. What happened today should be the last time you use your sister's name to manipulate him!"




"You know what, Loretta! You are not my mother, so how about you keep your advice for your daughter, uh!" 




"If you don't learn to take a hint, you might just end up like h"




The sound of Loki's voice drew my attention off Loretta onto him as he asked, "What's going on here?!"




Not saying a word, she turned around and walked away, but I shouted after her, "What did you say?! Finish your word, Loretta!" 




"Blake!" Loki lashed out.




"What!" 




"Behave!" 




I could have sworn that Loretta was talking about my mother, and now I'm eager to know who all knows about her and the truth about her.




Annoyed, I threw Loki a dirty stare before walking away and leaving the house.




Immediately stopping in my steps, I looked at the black Range Rover in the yard and Jason standing by it.




"Like it?" He asked the moment I reached him.




After he opened the front door for me, I gave a half-smile and mumbled, "Sweet ride."




For a while, Jason and I didn't speak as he drove out of the yard. But once we were a bit further from the house, he looked at me and whispered, "So how did it go?"




"Hmmm I hate Loki more than I did before seeing him today." I mumbled, gazing at Jason.




"It was that bad?"




"Yep!"




It got quiet for a while, and then I mumbled, "I am moving out tomorrow, Jason."




Immediately, he stepped on the brake, bringing the car to a stop. Thankfully, the road was deserted.




"Why?" Jason uttered, locking eyes with me. "Is it because of Nero?"




"No. It's personal." I mumbled, not wanting to drag him further into my mess. "I'm coming back home."

 

"Blake"




"I will be fine, Jason. I am doing this for myself and willingly."




"Do you have to?" 




"Yes." 




Suddenly taking my hands in his, Jason intensely gazed into my eyes, and I could feel every single beat of my pounding heart as he calmly uttered, "I don't want you getting hurt. If this is about your father visiting me"




"No. It's not. It's something more than you or Nero." I mumbled, giving him a weak smile.




Darting his eyes away from me, Jason pitifully chuckled and said, "I guess I will have to take this bad boy back."




"Why? You don't like the car?" I mumbled, stroking my thumb against his finger.




"I don't need a vehicle. Never was a fan of the luxury life. But after yesterday's incident and you refusing the Jeep Nero got for you, I thought it would be safer to get myself a car to take you to school and back." 




"Jason,"




"I know it's conning,"




"No, it's not!"




 Silence fell between us as Jason focused back on my eyes with a look of hesitation in his eyes. Then he leaned towards me, stopping at my lips as he whispered, "I think I'm in love with you, Blake."




"I'm going to bear Killian's mark soon, Jason," I whispered without breaking eye contact with him.






You are really pretty 
*******Jason Pov*******




For a long while, I felt speechless, staring at Blake, wondering if I should take those words seriously or chuckle at them.




Drawing away from her lips, I met her eyes and mumbled, "Please tell me that you are kidding."




Her gaze deepened into a look of sadness as she lowered her stare and whispered, "I'm not, Jason."




"Nah, hell no!" I mumbled, striving not to take her words seriously because it was messing with my head.




The thought of Killain and her together set me off more than I expected and I had to stare away from her, to calm myself.




"Can you not get mad or lash up and just be okay with it," Blake whispered, choking back on most of her words.




It sounded like she was dying inside. How did she expect me to be okay with something that made her look so broken?




"No, Blake. I can not be not mad at me! You can't be serious about something like that." I mumbled, striving to keep my voice calm even though all I wanted to do was flip.




"But I am. That's why I need you to be okay with it and not judge because it's my decision." Blake whispered.




"Don't look me in the eyes and lie like that!"




"Jason,"




"It is your father's sickening decision, right?"




Instantly it fell silent as a look of hesitation crossed her face, and she paused before muttering, "You don't understand!"




"I don't need to understand what's going on to tell you that Killian is not someone you want to get yourself entangled with, Blake,"  I said, raising my voice as my anger ceased me for a second. "I have met him once, and I wanted to punch the shit out of him!"




Staring away from me, Blake gazed at the windshield and mumbled, "Okay. Maybe we should just drop the topic."




"I can not force you not to go through with this. But I am pleading with you to not do something this stupid, Blake."  I uttered, frowning when she looked back at me.




When she didn't reply, I blurted out, "Does Nero know about this?"




"No. And can you not tell him." Blake hastily uttered with pleading eyes.




There was no way I wasn't telling Nero. I would rather give her up to him than have her be with that jackass. 




"Jason, promise me that you won't tell him?!" Blake mumbled, scowling at me as I started the car engine.




"I don't make such promises, Blake," I uttered, stepping on the accelerator.




"Jason, please. I don't want to be a burden to him or you anymore."




"So you choose to do what? Put yourself at stake with Killian! Also, who says that you are a burden to us?!"




"I"




Swaying my gaze off the road for a moment, I eyed the look of reluctance on her face and then sighed, focusing back on the road.




Finally, I brought the car to a stop in the parking lot, got down, and approached Blake.




Staring at me in confusion, she darted her gaze around for a moment and then mumbled, "Where are we?" 




"At the hotel that I stay at," I told her, chuckling at the nervous look on her face.




"Jason,"




"I'm not going to eat you,"




As I was about to walk past her, Blake looked unwilling to follow. So I laced her fingers with mine and led her out of the parking lot and into the building.




"Jason," I heard Harley's voice, and I gazed at the counter, towards her.




Then I led Blake over to her and smiled as I replied, "What's up, Harley?"




"Nothing. Just wanted to say, 'Hi." Harley said almost in a whisper.




With a weak smile on her lips, she stared at Blake and mumbled, "Hey. You must be our leader's daughter Blake, right?"




For a moment, Blake nervously glanced at me before looking back at Harley and said, "Mmm Hi, and yes." 




"You are really pretty," Harley whispered, sounding a bit sad as she avoided my gaze.




"Well, you too."




"Thanks," 




Something about the entire situation felt awkward, so I locked eyes with Harley and mumbled, "Is that all, we will be"




"Sure. Of course! Have fun, you guys!..." Harley chuckled, tapping the desk as she twitched her lips. "I should stop talking now."




"It's nice meeting you, Harley," Blake called out as I led her away to the elevator.




When we got to my suite, she slowly spun around and then gazed at me as she raised a brow, mumbling, "You are not a fan of the luxury life?"




"What? Where a man sleep is important, you know." I mumbled, taking out my coat.




Immediately, the smile on Blake's face faded, and she cleared her throat, staring the other way.




Chuckling faintly, I walked over to the couch and sat down.




"I think you need to sit for this talk," I said, my voice drawing her attention back to me




Then she walked over to my bed and sat at the edge of the mattress, focusing on my face.




"Okay, so" Blake whispered with a stiff smile.




"Nero is cursed!" I blurted out, knowing that if I don't say it now, I would be too selfish to do it later.




If not me, then I trust Blake with him. No one else is going to be okay for her, especially not Killian.




"What?" Blake whispered, sitting up straight and her face grew serious.




"He's lying about whatever is going on between Luna and him. Nero doesn't have a damn clue about who his mate is, and it's not because he hasn't found her yet, it's because he wouldn't know who she is even if she's standing before him." I let out.




"I don't understand."




"Nero comes from a lineage of cursed Alphas who only finds their mates after sharing blood and sweat. He's good at acting. But I grew up with him, and I can assure you that whatever is going on between Luna and him is fake."




It grew silent as Blake stared blankly at me, and I felt desperate to know what was going on in her head.




"Okay, so!" Blake mumbled, shrugging her shoulders.




"Don't you get it? Nero and you have more chemistry than I have seen between him and anyone over the years!" I told her, confused by her casual look.




"And just he still somehow chose Luna over me. Even if it's true she's not his mate, he still decided to settle for her rather than me. Ahhaa Now I feel more enraged."




This wasn't what I envisioned when I was imagining it in my head. But I stuck by the script and mumbled, "I believe he cares about you more, and you could be the one to break his curse if"




"Jason, I am not the one pushing Nero away! He's the one driving me away! I have been all over him from the very beginning, and it makes me sick to say, but that's the truth. I love him, and he he..!" Blake lashed out, frowning at me.




She loves him. Ha, way to rip my heart into two, and fuck up my emotions.




"I'm sorry." Blake suddenly whispered.




"About what?" I mumbled in confusion.




"Back in the car, you said And it's not like I don't... But it's..."




"Blake, it's fine. You have the free will to fall for whoever you want to be with."




"If that's how you truly feel, then respect my decision to be with Killain and stop putting ideas in my head about Nero because if he's not going to want us then I rather not yearn for it too."




There was a brief silence. Then she relaxed her gaze and said, " I know what you are doing, Jason, and how hard it must be for you to do. But you can not save someone prepared that is to drown."




The look in Blake's eyes told me that she was serious about this, and I knew that I couldn't change her mind, so I pulled out my phone from my pocket.




"Jason, what are you doing?" Blake whispered, clutching onto the edge of my mattress.




"Calling Nero. Maybe he will be able to talk some sense into you." I mumbled as I scrolled through my contact, stopping at his number.




Suddenly, Blake rushed from the bed, jumped on me, fighting me for my phone, and I struggled to keep it against my ear.




"Jason," Nero's voice finally echoed from the speaker, and she stopped struggling, resting against my chest silently.




"Blake is planning on bearing Killian's mark," I immediately uttered, gazing into her eyes.




A frown shadowed her face, and her eyes bore worry as Nero lashed out, "Bring her home! I'm here already."




 











###chapter 31

All three of my marks
********Nero POV*******




The sound of the front door opening echoed in my ear, and I raised my head, staring at the dining room entrance. 




It took a couple of seconds before my gaze rested on Blake, walking by, and I asked, "Where are you going?"




"Can we not talk about it!" Blake mumbled, her back turned to me.




Then she walked away, and I left my seat following her upstairs, still feeling indecisive about what to do.




When I got to her room door, I knocked since she locked it, and I called out, "Blake, open the door."




"Please, Nero, can you not do this, not now!" Blake shouted, and I could hear her pounding heartbeat just on the other side of the door.




"What did Loki ask of you, Blake?" I mumbled, realizing that she was panicking.




"Nothing. I made the decision on my own." 




"Honesty, Blake. I need only that from you right now. Got it?"




It fell silent, and I waited impatiently staring at the door. Then her voice suddenly echoed out, "I told you Nero, if not another powerful alpha, it's going to be Killian. And I am okay with it being him." 




Open the door, Blake." I said, 




"Why?"




"Because I want you to look me in the eyes and tell me those words again. If I believe you, I will let you be with him."




"Really?" 




"Yeah,"




Slowly the door opened, and Blake's head popped out, eyeing me for a moment before opening it wide.




Quietly, I walked past Blake, entered the room, and sat down on her bed, focusing on her eyes.




"Okay, I'm listening," I told her as she stood by the open door.




"Umm Okay so as I was say-ing Kill-ian" Blake mumbled, pouting at me. "Can you stop staring into my eyes like that! You are making me nervous to speak clearly!" 




"Your last words just now seem fine to me. I don't think I'm intimidating you." I let out, waking from the bed. "You want to know what I think"




Without taking a step, Blake's eyes remained glued to mine as I approached her. Then I shut the door and focus on her stiff face.




"You don't want to be with Killain, but Loki is holding something over your head, and that's what have you making such a dumb decision." I let out, studying her as she flittered her gaze. "What does he have on you, Blake?"




"How about you?" Blake whispered. "Do you want to be with Luna? Or is there another reason you are with her?"




"What is that supposed to mean?!" 




"Jason and I talked," 




The question was on the tip of my tongue. But I hold back my words, already knowing what he might have told Blake for her to say such words.




"Is Luna your mate, Nero?!" Blake asked, raising her voice.




"If Jason and you talk, shouldn't you have your answer by now?!" I mumbled, feeling pissed at that Judas for his nonsense interference.




"No, I don't have my answer because I want to hear it from you! What is your intention with Luna?!" 




"Something that is none of your business!"




"Right! Then it's none of your damn business why I'm deciding to bear Killian's mark!" 




Anger sparked in me, and I slapped the door, caging Blake in between my hands.




"You got one choice, and that is to leave here with Jason, and go start over with your life somewhere fancy, and leave this mess behind," I uttered, struggling against my anger.




With her eyes fixed on mine, Blake clenched her jaw and then boldly uttered, "No!"




She had that stubborn look on her face that told me that she didn't give a shit about what I wanted and will go ahead and do whatever the hell she wants.




"Fine," I mumbled, regretting the next words that came to my mind. "Option number two, you want another powerful alpha? Okay, you can bear my mark." 




"I don't want that either," Blake whispered in a choked voice with tears brimming in her eyes.




"What!"




"Because it's not genuine." 




"Blake,"




"I love you, Nero. Can you look me in the eyes and tell me that without hesitating?!"




Not giving me the chance to respond, she blurted out, "No, you can't!" 




"Isn't it better to use me for whatever you want from Loki, instead of some dipstick!" I mumbled in anger.




"No! Because you said the word, 'Use!' I want you, Nero! Not to use you! But because it's what I want." 




"Fine! I want you too, Blake! There! You have it!"




It immediately grew silent between us as she furrowed her brow, glaring at me, and I stood there like some fool, wondering what the heck I was saying.




"Get out!" Blake whispered, her face soaked with tears.




"What!?" I asked in confusion.




"Nero, don't make things worse by lying. It will just make me feel more pathetic than I already do now!" 




"I'm not"




The immediate look on Blake's face told me that I could repeat those words over and over, and she will still doubt it every single time.




"Fine," I whispered, withdrawing my hands from the door.




It's Killian or rejecting her later on, and right now, I rather she is safe and hates me in the long run, than to give her to him.




Looking into her eyes, I reached for her blouse button and started unbuttoning it, observing the shift in her expression.




"I want you to bear my mark, and I'm okay with everyone knowing that you are mine," I told her when she looked down at my hands.




"What if I say I don't want to?" Blake whispered, looking back at my eyes indecisively.




"I will still do it," 




"Why?"




"Because it's either I mark you or kill Killian. Your choice," 




"You wouldn't dare," 




Pulling her blouse off her shoulders, I smirked and mumbled, "You want to put my words to a test?"




There was a long pause as Blake gazed at me. Then she reached for my shirt edge and tiptoed to pull it upward, struggling to get it past my chest.




Grabbing Blake by the waist, I lifted her off the ground, and carried her to the bed, dropping her on the mattress.




The way she stared at me, eyes all wet and dazed as I took out my shirt made me even more aroused by her. She is the only one who has had such a crazy influence on me.




After getting rid of the only things covering our bare skins, I made myself the bottom, placing Blake at the top of me, locking eyes with her.




She seemed scared by the position I put her in, and her palm pressed flat against my chest as she wiggled her legs, squeezing her eyes shut.




"Is it uncomfortable?" I mumbled, feeling her hips slowly move downward as I held her by the waists.




"It's my first time in such a position. You usually do all the moving, so I'm not sure how to go about this." Blake whispered, opening one of her eyes. "Also, why do I feel tighter in this way?" 




Keeping silent, I grabbed her cheeks, raised her hips a little, and then slammed them against my thighs, making Blake's eyes widen as she screamed, dropping down on my chest.




"That's how you move," I mumbled, inhaling her warm breath as she panted heavily.




Trembling, she clutched onto my neck, her body softening into mine as I whispered into her ear, "We just started, and you are already at your peak."




"I don't think I" Blake whispered, her nail deep in my skin.




Lifting from the pillow, I inserted her properly on my lap, kissing her neck as she flinched, and then nibbled the exact spot I bit her the last time.




The noise that left her lips was pleasant to my ears, and the way her hands hugged onto my body as I thrust made me wild with stamina.




"Wait, Nero" Blake cried, the rest of her words lost with the sound of her moan.




Grabbing her cheek, I hugged her waist tightly as my fang sunk deeper into her skin, holding her tightly as she jerked in my arms.




"One more," I whispered, looking into her moist eyes.




The third mark seals the deal. There's no backing out of this. Once I bite Blake, I'm her alpha until I reject her.




"You seem uncomfortable. Let's swap positions." I said softly, claiming her lips.




 My fingers caressed into Blake's hair grabbed handfuls of it and crushed her mouth to mine as her firm hand slid into my hair, and her nails hugged my back




Shifting her against the mattress, I rested between her legs and looked into her eyes as I said, "I'm going to try not to hurt you."




When she gave me a weak smile, I pressed her hands against the bed and mumbled, "Be patient with me a little. It will soon be over."




"Okay," Blake whispered when I brought my lips towards her neck.




Her fingers squeezed mine tightly as I licked the blood off her skin. Then I bit into her flesh, grabbing her leg as they spread up, and she let out another scream.




"Are you tired," I mumbled, looking into her drowsy eyes.




Biting down on her lip, Blake clutched onto my neck and whispered, "Don't take it out."




Fuck, she was driving me insane! And although she bears all three of my marks, I still didn't feel it yet.




After the marking process, our bond is supposed to grow stronger in which now we can not only feel each other's emotions but also read each other's thoughts, and yet nothing.




But Blake was my responsibility from the very beginning. Since she was a baby, I was given that commitment by her mother, and with or without the bond, I'm going to protect her until it's safe to let her go.












Something this stupid 
******Blake POV******




Feeling his hand resting against my bare skin, I tried not to move or make a sound even though I have been awake for a couple of minutes now and judging by the brightness in the room, it was late in the morning.




Nero had finally let me rest, and he was sound asleep which was not fair because I was drained and restless.




What the heck am I doing? Everyone knows Nero to be Luna's mate, and yet, I have pressured him into claiming me. 




Although I hate Luna, she still thinks of him as her mate. What if we both were mated to the same alpha, and I just stole him from her.




Sure, Nero doesn't know who his mate is because of a curse. But Luna wouldn't claim him out of the blue if he wasn't her mate, right?




Stupid! That's how I felt. So much was at stake now because of this mess I have created with Nero.




It would have been fine if he would have claimed me before he announced to everyone that Luna was his mate, and now, I feel shitty really frustrated with myself for allowing my heart to rule over my head.




Annoyed, I raised my eyelids and pushed Nero's hand off my stomach, throwing him a hard look.




Immediately, he raised his gaze and stared at me, his eyes drowsy as he mumbled, "What's with that look?"




"What look?" I muttered, leaving the bed.




"Come on, Blake. Don't play dumb with me. You have that look that says you are up to no good." 




"Well, I guess you are terrible at reading people's facial expressions because I am up to good today all things positive. No, negative energy here! At least not from my end." 




When he raised his brow, I smiled brightly. But he frowned and said, "Now, you are just trying to pull my leg."




"I'm not, Nero. I'm truly fine." I mumbled, keeping my smile.




Lies all lies. I wasn't okay to say the very least. The feeling of guilt was eating me alive. How I could do something this stupid? I barely have anyone in the pack who likes me! 




Scratch that! No one in the pack likes me, and I went and did something this shitty! I can only imagine the names that I am going to get called.




"Blake!... Hello, is anyone home upstairs!" Nero called out, snapping his fingers, and I dragged myself out of my head. "Do you want to tell me what's going on?"




A hoe! The bitch who stole her sister's mate! A slut!... A gold digger! What have you done, Blake!




My eyes felt frozen as they stretched wide open as I absentmindedly looked at Nero leaving the bed.  




Then when he reached me, I finally allowed my lashes to blink when he said, "You know that honesty is a beautiful thing, right?"




Seeing into his eyes, I smile, wondering why there is this mental wall blocking me from accessing his feelings and mind although he was now my alpha.




"Yeah, and acceptance is also a fascinating thing. So maybe you should accept that I am fine and stop asking questions." I whispered, resting my palms against his chest when he grabbed me by my waist and pulled me against him.




For a moment, Nero gave me an intense stare. Then he patted my head and mumbled, "Okay, I believe you."




"Stop making me feel short," I muttered, pushing his hand off me. "What's the time?"




"I don't know," Nero said, looking a bit confused.




"Let go. I want to get my phone." 




"Why?"




Because I feel like yesterday was a terrible mistake. I want you, Nero, but how am I supposed to feel okay when Luna is in the picture, and I am on the wrong side of all of this.




"I got to get to class," I mumbled, avoiding his eyes.




Pressing me against his body as his grip on my waist became firm, Nero nibbled on my neck, exciting my body, and then whispered, "I see someone is already really for the sixth round."




"Nero," I mumbled, losing the rest of my words by his kiss as his hand lowered down my waist.




Suddenly, his phone buzzed, and it was a save by the bell moment because even though my body was already reacting to his touch, I had other plans for the day.




After walking away from me and picking up his phone, he looked back at me, and I could see a look of hesitation in his eyes.




"It's Luna," Nero announced, looking directly into my eyes.




"Go ahead, and answer," I mumbled with a soft smile although I was screaming inside. "I should take a shower. My body feels sticky."




Without waiting for Nero to say a word, I walked out of the room and headed into the bathroom, holding my tears in my eyelids.




"Hey," Nero's voice echoed from the other side of the door as I rested my back against it.




"Good morning, babe. Do you want me to drop by the campus or you know, you can just give me your address, and I can come to visit you." I heard Luna say, and although I was only hurting myself by eavesdropping, I couldn't help it.




"A drop by at the campus is just fine."




"Nero, we have only a few days until we are official. My mother is excited, and my dad is okay with adopting you into the pack after the full moon, so don't you think it's weird that we have met everywhere but your house!"




"Luna"




"Why can't I come over to your place?!"




"See you on campus."




"Nero!"




He ended the call without answering her question. But the answer was simple. I was the reason, and I felt weird, knowing that, like I was his perfect secret. And now that he is okay with us not being a secret anymore, isn't the damage already done.




"Blake," Nero called out.




Panicking, I locked the bathroom door, not sure what I was doing. But I didn't want him seeing me like this in tears and pathetic.




The sound of his footsteps echoed for a while, and then the knob aggressively jiggled a couple of times before Nero said out loud, "I am going to break things off with Luna today."




"Please don't." I calmly uttered, struggling to keep myself from breaking down.




"What! Why?"




"Can you just give me a little time to get ready to tell everyone about us?"




"Blake"




"Please, Nero. We both know the gravity of such news. I need a few days." 




The silence that followed after my remark left me nervous and even more miserable. But after a few more minutes of silence, Nero finally said, "Sure. Take your time, and tell me when you are ready."




The scary part of his words. I don't think I will ever be ready, and I know it is stupid that I am afraid of being ridiculed by people who have treated me terribly, but my fear, guilt, and insecurity wouldn't go away.




If only Nero wasn't cursed and knew exactly what he wanted, I could have the confidence that I am the one for him. But there are two of us, and I don't know. 




My entire life, I have been second to my sister in everything my father's affection, the pack respect, and all other things... And when it comes to Nero, I am scared that he is going to wake up one morning and realize that he made a mistake by choosing me over her.




"Are you going to open the door, Blake?" Nero said, sounding annoyed.




"Why?" I whispered, watching my voice so he can't tell that I'm silently crying.




"I want to use the bathroom."




"Wear your clothes and go back to your room. There's a bathroom there if I can remember correctly! Use it!"




Another silence fell between us, then I heard him sigh before saying, "Okay. What will you be having for breakfast?"




"Anything will be fine," I mumbled, glad that he wasn't pushing the topic any further.




After Nero finally left the room, I had a hot shower, and honestly, it made me feel a bit better.




Once I had gotten dressed, I was about to style my hair when my phone vibrated on the nightstand, and I walked over to see who it was.




To my deepest fear, it was Loki, and his text read, "Don't forget that Gustav is picking you up after your classes are over."




Biting down on my nail, I read his text over and over, trying to make up my mind. Then I finally wrote back, "What if I refuse Killian, but get marked by another really powerful alpha, will our deals still stand?"




It took a while for Loki to reply, and every quiet second felt like torture until another text arrive, "What are you talking about now, Blake? Which other powerful Alpha do you know?"




"Blake, do you plan to stay in your room all day?" Nero's voice flowed into my ear, and my heart immediately skipped a beat.




"Nothing. Forget that I said a thing." I messaged Loki.




"Don't start to act up now and come home, okay? You and Killain have a date two days before the full moon."




That's two days from now. What am I going to do? Nero isn't seriously going to kill Killian if I forget about it.




"Blake?" Nero called out.




"I'm coming!" I shouted back, shoving my phone in my jeans pocket.

For now, I'm just going to take things one step at a time and try to do what is best, no matter if it hurts.








She hates us being together 
*******Nero POV*******





Not a single word Blake said to me as she sat at the counter, staring intensely at me with an absent look in her eyes.




The toaster went off with a little click, and I tried to get the two slices of bread out of it when I felt hands hug onto my waist.




"What're you making?" Blake whispered, her head resting on my back.




"Toast with cheese," I mumbled, laying the bread on the plate. 




Her grip on me got tighter, and I knew something was off about the way she was acting this morning, but she refused to open up about it. 




Yet, I gave my curiosity a little push and mumbled, "Want to talk about it?"




"About the toast and cheese?" Blake asked with a faint chuckled.




"If this is the game you want us to play, then that's fine."  




"Nero,"




Her hands loosened from around my waist, and I turned to meet her eyes, thinking she was emotional. But instead, I was met with a smile as she asked, "Can you give me the Jeep key."




"You said that you didn't want it," I mumbled, confused about how she keeps switching in-between emotions.




Pouting, a naive look settled in Blake's eyes as she mumbled, "Since we are not going to be a secret anymore a couple of days from now..."




"Blake, a couple of days? You must be kidding me..."




"No, I'm not. Also, that's why it's not an issue driving Jeep to school." 




 Although I knew that there was more going on in that tiny head of hers, I gave a faint chuckle and mumbled, "The key is in my room, on the table." 




Suddenly, tipping toes to meet my height, Blake kissed me on the cheek and then whispered, "Thank you!"




But as she was about to walk away, I grabbed her wrist, pulled her back into my arm, and looked solely into her darting eyes as I said, "What was that?"




"A kiss," Blake whispered, pouting slightly.




"Do it properly."




"Seriously!"




Although her tone made her sound like she was annoyed and her eyes gave it away that she was sheepish, the sound of her pounding heartbeat told me she craved a taste of me as much as I wanted her.




"Get a room you two," Jason's dull voice suddenly echoed from the doorway, and my gaze danced over Blake's head, throwing him a hard look.




"Jason!" Blake shouted nervously as she struggled to break free from my grip.




When I didn't release her, she looked back at me with a scowl on her face and mumbled, "Nero, let go."




"What? You didn't have a problem kissing him in front of me and everyone else. So what are you nervous about?" I mumbled, not taking my gaze off Jason.




"Come on don't act like that."




"Like what?"




"A jerk."




Dragging my gaze away from Jason, I looked into Blake's eyes, ignoring the frown on her, and pressed her against me, leaning towards her mouth.




Her lips were soft against mine, and I felt the weak tickle of her breath beneath my nose as I kissed her, tasting the coffee she had a couple of minutes ago on her tongue as it tangled with mine.




When our lips parted, my grip on her waist weakened, and Blake pulled away from my arm with her face in a tight pout.




Swaying her gaze off me, she looked at Jason, tilting her shoulders, and she walked away.




Then as Blake was about to walk past him, she stopped and mumbled, "I will be taking myself to school today and back, so there's no need to escort me." 




Then she walked out of the room, leaving the two of us alone, and we didn't say a word to each other, even after Jason took a seat on the stool at the counter until Blake came back into the kitchen with the car key. 




Still looking pissed, she walked over to me, and as I was about to take another bite into my toast with cheese, she gently took the bread out of my hand.




"Yours is right there," I said, gazing at the mischievous look she gave me before biting into my food.




Ignoring my words, she took the other toast off the plate and quietly walked away, leaving me speechlessly staring behind her, wondering how petty she could get over a kiss.




As Blake was about to walk out the doorway, a sense of uneasiness ceased my heart, and I said, "I'm trusting you not to do anything stupid today. Don't prove me wrong, or else"




"You will punish me?" Blake said with a sarcastic tone.




When she glared back at me with my bread stuck between her lips, I looked her dead in the eyes and said, "Yes!"




The smirk on Blake's face faded as her expression turned serious, and her eyes remained glued on me for a moment before she walked away.




A while went by, and once the sound of the Jeep had faded out of the yard, Jason looked at me, mumbling, "So you two are now official?"




Ignoring his question, I grabbed my phone off the counter, shoved it into my coat pocket, and walked away.




But Jason suddenly blocked my way, causing me to stop in my steps as he coldly uttered, "Don't break her heart, Nero. Got it?"




 There was no way Blake was going to not get her heart shattered by me even if I try to be careful with it. The cracks I have made are already there, although she doesn't know yet, and it just takes the final blow to completely break her.




"I have to get to class," I told him, my eyes on his. "Also, I know you think you know me"




"Honestly, I don't I don't think I ever did. You are so fucking close up about everything about your life, Nero!" Jason harshly said, his eyes yellow with rage.




Ignoring his anger and the fact that he looked like he wanted to punch me hard in the face, I calmly uttered, "Don't be a Judas with me to my Father."




"What?" Jason mumbled, his anger switched with a look of confusion on his face.




"Don't tell my father about Blake."




"Why!?"




"Just don't."




Although Jason didn't give me an answer, I walked past him and headed out of the kitchen, knowing that his loyalty towards me is greater than his feelings for Blake and his respect for my father.




When I finally entered the classroom at eight fifty, Blake was already seated in the back row of the class, and I felt a sense of relief.




The room was already crowded with all my students, except Karen which was simply perfect.




Because of her absence, my lecture went smoothly, and it was the most successful lesson I have taught since I entered this school.




Finally, my time was up, and when Blake stood up from her seat, my eyes followed her fingers as she pushed her hair out of her face, her lashes as they rested gently against her skin, and her lips as they slightly twitched.




"Babe!" I suddenly heard Luna's voice echo in my ear, and I immediately turned to see her standing right beside me.




To my surprise, she rushed into my arm, grabbed me by my neck, and pulled me towards her mouth, claiming my lip and nipping on it.




I pulled back quickly which caused her to accidentally cut my lip open, and I saw a look of horror on her face as she rubbed her thumb against my skin and cried out, "I'm so sorry Does it hurt?"




But my attention was disturbed off her as Blake walked past us, not even looking our way.




"Blake, wait!" I called out, and she stopped, refusing to look back at me for a while.




Then she finally turned around with a calm look in her eyes and said, "Yes, professor Fang. Do you need something?"




What was she playing at, telling me not to cut things off with Luna and continuing to pretend as though we were strangers?




My patience didn't want me to give in to her desire, but she was right. This was not a simple situation we were involved in, and I can't just put her on the spot, so I'm going to give in to her wish for now. 




"Nothing. I forget what I wanted to say." I mumbled, unable to bury my burning desire to walk over to her and take her by the waist.




"Okay." Blake let out in a whisper.




As she turned to leave, Luna frowned and said, "Are we not on speaking terms, sister?!" 




"Let's not play pretend today, Luna. I don't have the energy to put up an act." Blake mumbled before walking out.




Okay, my patience has run out. It was clear that She hates us being together, and I don't care what her true reason is for wanting us to wait, but tomorrow, I'm making it known to everyone that she's mine with or without her approval.
Let go
*******Blake POV******




Sitting in my last class felt like torture because I knew my time was up to make a decision. Although I have already made up my mind, the thought of giving Nero up for good was messing with my head.




How do you walk away from someone that has your heart? It was the most painful shit I have ever experienced because the wound was internal, and not even my healing power could fix it.




"Class dismiss!" Mrs. Xana said, closing her book, and I rested my head on the desk.




If only I could make this moment freeze, so I wouldn't have to do this.




"Blake," I suddenly heard a deep voice call out my name, and my body stiffened as I shut my eyes.




When he called my name again, I held in my breath, feeling like the air was being squeezed from my heart.




It got quiet for a while. Then I felt a gentle tap on my back, and I raised my head to see Gustav, standing over me.




Giving me a gentle smile, he said, "Blake, your father asked me to take you home." 




"Okay," I mumbled, feeling drained to wake from my seat.




But I knew it was time to walk away from Nero, even though all I wanted to do was stay. So I forced myself out of my seat and picked up my book bag, returning Gustav a smile before walking past him.




After we arrived in the parking lot, I gazed at my Jeep, feeling awful that I was abandoning it on campus, even though it was only a distraction so Jason can not escort me this morning to school.




Taking one last look at it, I sighed before getting into the Mercedes-Benz back seat, and Gustav slammed the door shut behind me.




This is so freaking painful, but it's not going to hurt forever, right? A couple of months without Nero, and I will be fine. Time is all I need a long distance between is what I need to forget him.




When Gustav started to drive the car out of the campus, I pulled out my phone and gazed at my GPS map.




Getting kidnapped by those psychos and having to get lectured by Nero for it was terrifying, and I think it has given me some kind of PTSD because I trust no driver other than him and Jason. 




Also, the car had tinted windows which only increased my PTSD to a great extent, and I wasn't even blinking normally as I intensely stared at my phone screen.




For a couple of minutes, we were driving in the right direction. Then I noticed that Gustav made a left turn which did not make sense because it was in the opposite direction from the mansion.




"Gustav, you have been driving for Loki and Loretta for a couple of years. Who would you say has earned your loyalty?" I mumbled, feeling my wolf becoming alert.




"What kind of question is that, Blake?" Gustav asked, his voice calm, yet his tone gave it away that he was nervous.




"Forget it. I already have my answer."




"What is that supposed to mean?"




"Unfortunately, If I keep going with you, I might never reach the mansion, so stop the car!" 




"I don't understand what you are talking about, Blake." Gustav chuckled without stopping or slowing down his speed.




"Stop the damn car, Gustav!"   




Feeling an intense force in the atmosphere, my transformation started from my fingers, and once my claws were out, I waited impatiently for an opportunity to strike.




When he suddenly accelerated the car's speed, I knew it was now or never, so I rushed from my seat, and when I jumped into the front seat, I realized Gustav had a blade, not just any knife, but one forge from pure silver.




Keeping one hand on the steering wheel, he vigorously aimed for my chest with the blade. But my claws were already stuck deep into his hand, penetrating his bone before the blade could reach me.




It got messy pretty fast with him bleeding on my favorite jeans. But the smell of his blood only enraged my wolf, and I twirled my claws hard in his skin, causing a scream of agony to escape his lips and the knife to drop on my lap.




"When did you notice?!" Gustav cried out, his moist yellow eyes fix on me.




"I wouldn't have suspected if you had just taken me home." I calmly uttered, picking up the knife.




My focus shifted for a second onto the V mirror, and I stared at my red eyes before hitting the knife into his chest, pushing it deep into his heart.




Immediately the was a loud, "Bang!" and a sharp pain ran through my skull when my head slammed into the dashboard.




The alarm when off, and the noise was earsplitting as I raised my head and pushed the door open, getting down from the car.




Once I had balanced myself on both my feet and the pain in my head had subsided, I realized the car had whacked into a tree. Thankfully, it only had a few scratches and wasn't damaged badly. 




Also, we were in the middle of the Dusty freeway which was literally deserted, and I guess he chose this lane because we'll, he wanted to kill me and dumped my body in secret.




I know that I should just turn around and go back to Nero, but things just got personal between Loretta and me, and if she wants me dead this bad, then I don't mind taking everything from her and her daughter, putting both of them in their rightful place.




Fill with rage, I walked over to the driver's door, pushed Gustav's body onto the passager seat, and got behind the steering wheel.




My heart kept pumping wildly as I drove at full speed, and even after I arrived home, I was still shaking with rage.




The moment I brought the car to a stop, I raced into the house, and unfortunately, I met Loretta, coming from the opposite direction.




A look of horror shadowed her face as she blurted out, "Blake?!" 




"Where is Loki!?" I shouted, struggling against my wolf's eagerness to take control of me.




As I was about to walk past her, she suddenly blocked my way and asked, "Why are you covered in blood!?"




"You should know!" I lashed out, slowly losing grip of my anger. "Loki! Get down here!" 




Still, blocking my way as I tried to move past her, a fake-ass look of concern settled on Loretta's face as she mumbled, "Are you hurt?! What happened?" 




"No Loretta! I'm not hurt. Gustav is dead, that's what happened!" I shouted, losing my patience completely.




"What!"




"Oh, don't play dumb with me, Loretta!!"




"I don't know what you are talking about!" 




"Drop the act and get out of my damn face! I didn't come here for you! Got it!"




Anger sparked in Loretta's eyes, and before I could react, she raised her hand and smacked me in the cheek, cutting my lip.




Without holding back, I lost grip of my anger and slapped her with force, returning the favor.




"You bitch!" Loretta screamed, her palm hugging her bruised cheek.




"Blake!" Loki yelled, looking at us from up the stairs.




"Have you seen a bitch lose it! Lay your hands on me again, and you will find out! That's a promise!" I told Loretta before walking away.




When I reached Loki, he scowled at me and mumbled, "Why are you covered in blood?"




"Gustav tried to make me a past tense, so I killed him in self-defense," I said, looking down at my bloody jeans.




"Why would Gustav try to kill you?! He has been working for this family for years, and he never laid a hand on you or attempted to hurt you!" Loretta shouted when Loki glared at her.




Staring at her bitter expression, I met her eyes and casually uttered, "Why would I kill Gustav then? I have been living in this mansion for years, and I never tried to kill him before!' 




"You two stop your nonsense argument!" Loki yelled, scowling at me. "Blake, go to your room and get rid of that bloody clothes!"




Keeping silent, I walked back downstairs, marched past Loretta, not caring for the dirty look she gave me.




Five steps ahead, I stopped in my tracks, looked up at Loki, and said, "Gustav is in the car."




"Honey, you can't seriously let her get away with murder, especially when he's a member of this pack!"




"He was going to die, Loretta. Even if Blake wouldn't have been successful in killing him, I would have done the job. My daughter's life is off-limits to any and everyone in this pack! You should know that!" Loki said, his tone numb.




"But"




"Let it go!"




When Loretta glared back at me, I dragged my gaze off her and walked away, heading to the basement where my room was. 




When I arrived inside, squeaky noises echoed from the floor as I approached my dresser, and finally, the sound stopped when I stood still, gazing at my image in the mirror.




The wound on my lips had already healed. But the one in my heart was still very fresh, and I blinked back my tears, sniffing softly.




Suddenly, my phone buzzed in my back pocket and when I took it out, I wasn't surprised to see a text from Nero, "I told you not do something stupid! Why don't you like to listen, Blake?!" 




He didn't even ask me where I was or why I haven't gone home yet and just assumed that I had done something stupid. Is that how little he thinks of me?






















Caught in the middle 
*******Nero POV******




The audacity of Blake is getting on my nerve. If I didn't have people in the Hayes' mansion, I would still be in the dark about the death of Loki's driver, her going back home with bloody jeans, and getting slapped by Loretta.




"Are you okay?" Luna's voice forced me to stare away from my screen and focused on her, intensely staring at me.




"Huh?" I mumbled, still disturbed that Blake had not replied to my text yet.




"You haven't touched your food since your phone buzzed a while back, and that's all you have been paying attention to, even though I am sitting right in front of you."




"You know what you are right. I am distracted, and I'm not in the mood for food."




A confused look settled in Luna's eyes, then she gave a half-smile, lowering her eyelids as she mumbled, "Then what are you in the mood for?" 




'To teach your sister a lesson, but that is not for your ears to hear.'

Losing my patience, I stood from my seat and said, "Let's go. I will take you home."




"But," Luna mumbled as I walked away.




After dropping my credit card at the counter and paying our bills, I walked back to her, and we left the cafe.




The entire time I was driving her home, I was telling myself to calm down and not do something stupid. But the closer we got to the mansion, I knew there was no telling what I was going to do because my anger was getting its way with me.




The instant I brought the car to a stop, I unbuckled my seatbelt, and as I was about to head out of the car, Luna's voice stopped me, "You are going inside?" 




"Yeah," I mumbled, pushing the car door open.




My entire brain was messed up as I headed for the door with Luna following me, and when we reached inside, my ears were alert for the sound of Blake's voice.




"Nero!" Loretta announced happily when we arrived in the living room.




My attention was totally off her when I said, "Hello, Loretta." 




So far, there was no sign of Blake. If I should guess, she had her scent masked, and Loki had most of the room in this damn place soundproof which is why my spies don't have the useful information that I need.




"Blake!" I heard Luna say, and immediately, I turned around to meet Blake's calm eyes with Loki by her side at the doorway.




"Nero, I didn't know that we were having a visit from you today," Loki said as he walked into the living room.




'Why do you always have to put me in deep shit?! What more do you want me to do?! Do you have to always pinpoint me against the wall?!'




My words remained only thoughts as I stared deep into Blake's numb gaze, and I wondered what was going on in her head.




Squeezing my fists, I kept my eyes fixed on hers and marched over to the doorway, torn between the dilemma that I was making a terrible mistake and that I needed to get her out of there.




When I was only a step away from her, the buzz from my phone caused me to pause, and I could see the look of relief on Blake's face as I pulled my phone out of my pocket.




It was my father, and his message left me paralyzed, "Come home. I am waiting for you." 




Damn it. Why would he choose now to visit! Maybe I should have not ignored his texts and his calls for days. 




Shoving my phone back into my pocket, I turned around to gaze at Luna, Loki, and Loretta, and said, "I need to leave."




"Is everything okay?" Luna asked.




Vladimir Fang, visiting me, of course, everything is not okay. But I faintly nodded and said, "Sure, just need to check up on something quick."




Blake's situation will just have to wait until I find out what my father wants. So I turned around, looked Blake in the eyes, and walked out of the room.




When I got home, I stopped as I was about to walk past the dining room and gazed at my father and Jason seated at the table, while he ate calmly.




The moment Jason and I locked eyes, I clenched my jaw, assuming that he was the one who called my father. But the look of anxiety in his eyes told me this was not his doing.




"Father!" I said in a cheerful tone, trying to soften any tension in the atmosphere.




"Why haven't you been answering my calls, Nero." My father asked, raising his gaze off his chicken and focusing on me.




Eyeing Jason, I felt reluctant to speak, knowing that I didn't want him here for this discussion.




"Why is Jason here?" I mumbled, dodging the question because I haven't found a lie to give him as an excuse yet.




"He answers his phone unlike someone else in this room, and that's why I was able to enter your house!" 




So Jason didn't snitch to my father about Blake and me, and I felt a bit relieved, but just for a second before my father said, "Jason, can you excuse us?"




Not even hesitating for a second, Jason stood from his seat, walked out of the room, and headed out.




After his vehicle sound had faded out of the yard, my father rested back in his seat and said, "What is going on, Nero! I sent you to come here to get the names of everyone who was involved in the massacre of most of our pack members and your mother's death, but up to now, you are still here!" 




Frowning, he leaned forward towards the table, resting his elbows on it as he asked, "What's the holdup, son?"




"Loki proved to be a very awake guy. I haven't earned his trust yet, and he wouldn't let information like that slip out to just anyone. I need time." I said, keeping a straight face.




"I told you, 'we wiped them out with or without the list!' And you said that you don't want to make the exact mistake of the past, so we should do it properly!" 




"Right, and I still feel that way!" 




With anger flashing in his eyes, my father's fingertips slowly hit the desk. Then he stopped and said emotionlessly, "Okay. But my patience is running out! Every time I fall asleep without your mother by myself, knowing that ass is alive, I want to kill him!" 




"And I will kill him and the rest of them! But my way, and on my own terms and time and not how we handled it back then!" I let out, keeping my voice firm so that he knows that I wasn't kidding.




Frowning, my father's fingers slowly clutched into a fist as he coldly uttered, "Loki wouldn't be alive if you didn't chicken out, allowing that dog and his pack to go in hidden for all those years and making it difficult for us to find him!"




There it was the words that had me searching for Loki for years until I recently found him and his pack in this state. 




"I know! It's all I have heard you talk about for years!" I shouted, losing grip on my anger.




"Because you let your mother down!" My father yelled, his veins bulging in his neck.




"I know, father! Your guilt game is the only reason I'm in this damn place, putting my entire life on pause!" 




"My guilt game! You should be angry furious! That bastard killed your mother!" 




Feeling rage burn hot from within, I went numb and mumbled, "When I was like three!"




"You might have been too young to grief, but I mourn your mother for years, even till this day!" My father shouted, hitting his hand on the table.




"I know"




"Do you!" 




That's why after you lost her, you forget that you had a son to raise. Instead, you became a leader, but not my father, putting your burden of vengeance upon my shoulders because of the power of my wolf.




"I want Loki dead, along with everyone who was a part of that massacre!" My father said in a calmer tone.




"He will," I let out, suppressing my rage. "But when the time is right!"




After a couple of silent seconds, my father stood from his seat, removing his coat from the chair as he grumbled, "I have a flight to catch!" 




Not replying, I watched him walk away from the table, walked past me, and left the dining room.




"It's nice to see you too, father." I mumbled, darting my gaze around the room, trying to figure out what my next move is going to be.



 love and vengeance
*******Jason Pov*******




Nobody told me the act of selflessness was going to feel like a blow to the chest and steal your sleep away from you.




The sunlight just feels annoying now because I am stuck to my bed, not wanting to get up. But Vladimir Fang visited Nero. That can not be a good thing judging from their expression last night. Now I feel the need to check on him. 




Gosh! How do you care for someone, and yet, want to punch them so bad? 




I gave myself a couple of seconds to get out of my feelings and then forced myself out of bed.




Once I got done showering and had worn something comfortable, I headed out of my suite, wondering if Blake was okay.




I tried calling her yesterday when Vladimir informed me that he was in the state so she could get out of the house, but she didn't answer. I had to send her a text, and I was glad that she wasn't home when we got there.




When I walked into the hotel lobby, I halted, gazing at Harley leaving with a guy, and her body language was giving me an awkward vibe.




Staring after them, I noticed that she didn't seem like herself, so I shoved my hands into my jacket pockets and walked after them, keeping my distance.




I know it's not my place to meddle in other people's affairs. But the vibe I was getting from the two of them was off, so I followed just to make sure that she was okay.




When we reached the hotel parking lot, the guy Harley was with unlocked the car door for her, but she refused as she said, "I got work to do, Leo."




"So what?!"




"I not leaving with you."




"you are my property. If I say get into the car, you get your ass into the car!" This Leo dude shouted in her face, and I knew to mind my business, but I didn't like his tone.




"You can not walk in and out of my life whenever you please, Leo! And didn't you claim Cila, so why are you here?" 




"Both of us argue. I don't want to touch her as a punishment. That's where you come into the picture."




"You only need me because"




"Because the only one I can think of having sex with other than Cila is you!" 




There is a big difference between minding your business and protecting someone from a jerk, and I think my self-control just slipped out of my restraint.




"Why are you still standing? Get into the damn car!" Leo let out aggressively.




"No, Leo. I am not playing this game with you again! You made your choice! You gave me my freedom after claiming Cila, so you don't own me, not anymore," Harley said boldly, but I could hear the fear in her words.




"So you are not going to do as I say!?"




"No!" 




"You have always been a stubborn bitch! Don't blame me for being violent then!" 




Okay, I am done with restraining myself, especially since Leo had grabbed Harley by the arm and was pushing her into the front seat of his car.




"Harley!" I shouted, walking over to them. "What is going on here?"




When I reached them, Leo scowled at me as he let go of her arm, faced me, and said, "You are the creep who likes following and listening in on people's conversation."




"And you are the ass who thinks forcing someone to do something and talking shit to her is cool!" I told him, allowing my wolf to awaken as I gaze into his eyes.




Looking dumbfoundedly at me, he sneered, and then looked at Harley and said, "Do you know this joke?"




When she didn't reply, I gazed at her and calmly uttered, "Harley, head back. I have a few things that I need to tell this dickhead!" 




My wolf was suddenly becoming so aggressive that I snarled at Leo when our eyes locked, and he slightly drew back.




As Harley was about to walk away, he suddenly blurted out rudely, "I don't have the time for useless conversation. I'm leaving." 




Before I could even say a word, he walked off, got into his car, and drove away, speeding off like some drunk driver.




"You didn't have to," Harley whispered, her voice drawing my attention back to her. "Leo is not the type you want to get involved with.




"I know. But I wanted to." I told her. "You should go back to work." 




With a soft smile on her lips, her eyes lit as she mumbled, "Thank you for you know helping me out."




After giving her a brief nod, I turned to leave, but I stopped, feeling my jacket in her grip.




"Maybe I can buy you lunch or dinner any one of them that is preferable to you breakfast too to say thank you." Harley whispered, letting go of my jacket arm.




The answer in my head was, 'No.' But when I turned around to see the warmth in her eyes, I replied, "Sure. But not today.




"Of course. Any anytime will be fine, except my working hours, haha!"  




"Okay then."




As I was walking away, she shouted after me. "Okay it's a date"




Then I heard her mumble beneath her breath, "How about you stop talking, Harley!" and a silent chuckle escaped my lips.




When I got to Nero's place, the house felt like a ghost town, and since he not Blake wasn't downstairs, I headed upstairs.




When I got to Nero's room door and opened it, he was in bed, staring at me as I walked inside.




"What's up with you?" I mumbled, sitting on the couch. "And where is Blake?"




My questions were followed by a couple of silent minutes. Then Nero sat up, looked at me, and said, "She went back home."




"Then why are you still in bed! Grab your keys and let's go get her." I lashed out, feeling a sudden sense of worry.




"I can't." 




"You can't or you won't!" 




Following his silence, he gave me a cold stare, and then sighed, looking away from me as he said, "I can't!"




"What is that supposed to mean?" I mumbled.




"Luna is an easier choice. I should have never strayed off the path from the very beginning and got mixed up with Blake!"




"You must be kidding me!" 




"No, Jason, and I shouldn't have dragged you in this shit either!" 




Clutching my fist, I felt like that punch I have been holding myself back from giving him was necessary to do now. 




But I restrained myself and mumbled, "I know you want revenge on Loki, Nero. But ask yourself if love or vengeance, which one outweighs the other?"




"Vengeance!" Nero blurted out without thinking for a second.






 





Perfect 
********Blake POV*******




It sucks to be right, but I was. It's been only two days since I left Nero's house, and he has gone completely silent on me.




Right, I know this is what I want, and I was the one who left him. But a part of me was hoping that he I don't knowwill maybe ask me to go back home.




Yet, he is still seeing Luna, and I feel, so freaking numb because I don't know how to process any of my emotions. I am afraid to feel a thing because then I will have to listen to my heart which is telling me to go back to Nero. 




Thankfully, Loki didn't bug me when I told him I wasn't going to school until after the full moon. I don't think I would have the strength to see Nero every day.




"Don't you like the dish, daughter?" Loki got my attention with his words.




Lately, he has been calling me that a lot, and although I feel sickened by those words every time he calls me that, it pisses Loretta and her daughter up, so I allowed him to call me that without rebelling.




After abandoning my thoughts, I moved my lips to speak when Loki suddenly shouted, "Jessica! How dare you serve my daughter something she hates! Get rid of these dishes before I!!"




"It's fine! I like them!" I blurted out hastily when I saw that his eyes had turned red. "Honestly, it's fine, da dad."




Damn, that felt weird to say it has always been awkward to call him as such, and saying it now left me bitter, knowing that he didn't deserve to hear that word from me.




But I need to butter Loki up a little since I didn't have Nero's backing, and he was the only one who care about protecting me right now.




"Dad?" Loretta mumbled with a sneer. "Can you try to be less shameless?"




"What's there to be ashamed of, Loretta? He's my father." I mumbled, meeting her eyes. 




For a moment she stared at me, then she gave Loki a side look, and her gaze suddenly dropped down to her food.




"How long are you going to be staying here for?" Luna blurted out. "Is Jason okay with you leaving him and being here?!"




"Blake and Jason are not together anymore," Loki uttered in a harsh tone.




The room immediately fell silent for a couple of seconds as he glared at Luna. Then he looked at me and smiled softly as he asked, "Am I right, daughter? You made it clear to him that it was over, right?"




"Ye yes. It ove over between us." I mumbled, focusing on my food because my eyes were threatening to leak tears.




"What is that supposed to mean?!" Luna sharply uttered.




Swaying his attention off me, Loki gazed at her and calmly said, "Your sister has a date with Killain today?"




"Well, good for you." Luna casually said, chewing a bacon as she smiled at me. 




Yet, her eyes told a different story because she had a faint look of bitterness in her gaze. 




"I can not be any more proud to be a father. Two days from now, I will get two alpha as my son-in-law." Loki announced, his expression glowing with pride.




"I can't wait for Nero to mark me so I can move out of this place and be with him" Luna mumbled beneath her breath. "It's becoming too crowded here for my comfort."




The numbness I felt faded for a second when a suffocating sensation swept through me as I stared at her.




"No one is moving from this house." Loki blurted out, looking dead serious when I cast my gaze on him.




"What!?" Luna lashed out.




"If I am to trust the alphas that are going to help one of you run the pack when you become the pack leader, I need to be sure that I can trust them."




"Father!"




"Nero and Killain will have to move in with us until I can fully trust them." 




This can't be happening. I am going to lose my damn mind if I live under the same roof as Nero in such a situation.




"This is crazy!" Luna lashed out.




"I agree with her." Words I never thought I would say had left my lips, and I didn't regret uttering them.




"This is not up for discussion! Before any marking can take place with you two during the full moon, those two have to agree to my conditions!" Loki said, his words carrying the weight of firmness in them.




Furrowing her brows as Luna threw me a dirty look, she sharply intoned, "Dad, you don't understand! I don't want Nero living under the same roof as her?!" 




"What is that supposed to mean?" Loki asked, and I could tell he was just as annoyed with her remark as I was.




"Because I don't trust her around him."




"Stop creating unnecessary drama here, Luna. Blake is not interested in Nero!"




Meeting my eyes, Loretta clenched her jaws and then focused on Loki as she said, "It's better safe than sorry. You don't know what your daughter is capable of. Take the incident that happened days ago for example."




"Why would we need to worry about Blake and Nero staying under the same roof?! You and your daughter are not making any sense!" Loki shouted, hitting his glass of water on the table.




Then he swung his gaze on me and let out, "Are you interested in Nero or have any sort of feelings for him?"




Isn't it cruel to get such a question thrown in your face when all you have been doing for the past few days is avoid asking yourself the same question? 




"What kind of stupid question is that," I scoffed. "Of course not. Mr. Fang is only a teacher to me."




Placing his gaze back on Loretta and Luna, Loki shouted, "There you have it! Blake is not interested in Nero. I don't know why you would make such a stupid assumption!" 




Then he stood from his seat and announced, "I have lost my appetite. Also, my decision has been made. So you two better start learning how to live under the same roof because I am not going to turn over the pack to anyone I don't trust."




"I thought the question about who would inherit the pack was already decided a long time ago." Loretta let out as Loki was about to walk away.




"Well, yes. But things have changed." Loki stated, his expression emotionless as he stared at her.




"I don't see how Blake going through her transformation should change Luna being the one to run the pack!" 




"This is not the time and the place to play naive with me!"




The way Loretta's eyes were downcast as she went silent when Loki said those words made me anxious to know what was going on in her head.




However, that was the least of my concerns because I had a date with Killain which was just another messy situation that I didn't want. 




But all I have to do is play alone with Loki's game a little longer, and I can have the information that I need about my mother.




The day didn't care that I was praying for the evening to never arrive, and just like nature doesn't give a damn, seven o'clock arrived exactly when it should, and Killain was at our door.




Although I didn't want to dress fancy, Loki took it upon himself to get me an awfully sensual dress.




And now, I hated it even more because the moment I walked downstairs into the hallway and Killain saw me in it, he had that smirk that said he was attracted to what I was wearing.




"You look stunning," Killain said, his eyes on my chest rather than my face.




"I know," I mumbled, clutching onto my purse to calm myself down.




Staring at him, I kept telling myself that I could do this. But my wolf hated him, and I think she hates me too because I felt, even more, detach from her today and she has become silent just like before my transformation.




"Have a great time, sister," I heard Luna say, and I turned around to see her giving me a mocking smirk as she did a little wave.




When I swayed my gaze off Luna, I caught Killain staring intensely at her without blinking, and it took him a while to realize that I was looking at him.




"Shall we?" Killian calmly uttered when our eyes met.




Then he suddenly held me by my waist, pulled me to his side, and looked back shortly at Luna before walking away with me.




I felt like shit being held by Killain like that because the only thought going on in my head was the feeling of Nero's hands against my skin.




His touch, smell, and every slight detail about him came alive in my head as Killain led me toward his car and opened the front door for me.




After he got behind the driver's seat, I couldn't help taking a sneak peek at my inbox, and just like the other time, Nero's last message from a few days ago was the only thing there.




"Liar," I whispered, holding my tears in my eyelids.




"It's only twenty minutes into our date, and I am already being called a liar. What wrong have I done?" Killain said, but I kept my focus on the windshield.




"I wasn't talking about you." 




"That's a relief because I really want this date to be perfect."




Feeling glad that his car windshield wasn't tinted, I gazed at the sky, knowing that it was the only thing that was going to be perfect about tonight.
If he's serious about marking you
*******Luna POV*******




One day before the full moon. I know that I should be happy that after all the acting and lies, Nero is finally going to be mine. But how can I be happy when my dear sister is in my face all of the time!




Now my insecurities are making me even more enraged than glad that the day is almost here.




Although Blake had not spoken much about her date with Killian to anyone, not even my father, I knew she didn't like him, and that's kind of bittersweet for me.




Apart of me wants her to take him off my hands, and yet, I hate that it's her he's with, after all, I am still his mate.




This none of this should be happening! My life was perfect with her just being the worthless one in the family. Why do things have to suddenly change?!




Rage ate at me so badly that I grabbed my pillow off my bed, and I was about to toss it when my room door suddenly opened.




Staring at my mother, I dropped the pillow on the blanket and composed myself.




After she shut the door, she walked further into my room, took a seat on the couch, and finally said, "It's no secret to you that things have changed."




Of course, things are not the same. Dad has suddenly become super overprotective of Blake, and he would hardly let her eat food that she hates to say the very least.




The death Of my uncle's six men is something that no one can talk about because dad tossed the case out the window along with the murder of his stupid driver.




I still can't believe Blake killed him because my mother was so sure that he was going to get the job done since to be a driver for my father you have to go under secret training and stuff just in case you need to defend him during an attack.




Mother hasn't said much about what our next move about Blake is going to be, and I am becoming restless, especially since she is living here now.





"We both know Nero isn't your mate. I don't know why he's willing to be with you..." My mother calmly uttered, breaking the long silence, and grabbing my attention.




"Mom,"




"Let me finish. I don't know why he's willing to mark you, but after he does, you should try your hardest to earn his full trust and love." 




"I"




Meeting my eyes, her face hardened as she said, "Now that your father is pairing Blake with Killian, we need finances to be able to manipulate others to go against the idea of supporting Blake becoming the leader of this pack."




Still trying to process her last remark, she added, "I may have the ears of some of the pack members, but money speaks louder than words, so"




"You need Nero's money for us to fight against Blake. I got it, and money will not be a problem." I told her with confidence.




However, my mother raised a brow as she mumbled, "Are you sure. I am not talking about petty cash, Luna."




"I know, mother! Look when Nero and I go out, he doesn't question any of our bills, no matter how crazy high they are, and he doesn't refuse to buy me anything I want."




The stiffness in my mother's expression softened into a weak smile. Then she stroked that couch and mumbled, "If that's the case, then I don't think we have anything to worry about."




Nothing to worry about! Are you freaking kidding me?!




Those are the words that I wanted to scream out in her face. But knowing my mother, I ended up saying, "Mom, Blake got dad wrap around her finger."




"And I have half of the pack members around mine, and you have Nero wrapped around yours." My mother said with a smirk.




Then she scoffed and added, "Plus, seeing how Killian still looks at you, I know he's only using Blake to make you jealous which means he doesn't care about her or her well-being."




Although I wanted to argue those words, I realized that she was right. One thing about a bond between an alpha and his mate, he can get another lover, but she will always be imprinted in his mind.




Realizing that now, it actually does make me feel a bit better, knowing that Blake is just a cheap replacement for me.




That thought only gave me a brief sense of joy until I came downstairs later that morning and saw Blake seated at the dining table with dad.




She wasn't even allowed to sit there a few months ago, and now this is all just absurd!




"How was your night with Killian?" My father asked almost as though he was choosing his words carefully.




"It was okay," Blake whispered, poking at her meat gently, but the look in her eyes gave it away that she wanted to stab it.




"Just okay? Come on Blake. Give me more!"




"What more do you want, Loki!"




The rise in her tone left me speechless, and from the way my mother gazed wild-eyed at her, I knew she was stunned too.




Swaying her eyes away from the meat, Blake looked at my father and said, "I didn't mean to lose my cool. But tomorrow is going to be a bit stressful for me, and I just"




"I understand, Blake. I truly do. I just want to make sure that he was good to you." My father said, and my bottom lip hung loose.




If I was blindfolded when he uttered those words, I would never believe that he was the one who spoke.




Why the heck is he so soft and careful with Blake now. I get that she has gone through her transformation. But he was never this soft with me as he is with her.




Within a matter of days, she had stolen every single fucking thing that should be mine. But after tomorrow, I am coming for her sorry ass, and I am taking back everything including the air in her lungs.




"Killian was a gentleman, and the dinner was quite romantic. He said he wanted the night to be perfect, and I didn't believe it at first, but he kept his word." Blake softly said.




Subconsciously, I bit on my bottom lip when a dull ache hit my heart and squeezed the air out of it, leaving me feeling a bit suffocated.




"That's good to hear. I am happy that you are warming up to him." My father said, giving her a smile that disgusted me. "I can't wait for tomorrow."




Since Blake came home, it's like I don't exist to my father, and it was so frustrating to be in the room at that moment that I was about to walk away when my phone stopped me in my steps when it rang.




After taking one look at its screen, I answered immediately, feeling better when I heard Nero say, "Hey, I was hoping I was hoping that you could come over to my place tomorrow."




This is it! It's happening! He's finally ready to open up his life to me. The excitement I felt was masked behind my calm expression as I asked, "You want me over tomorrow?"




"Yes. You know it's the day of the full moon." Nero said, and at that moment, I caught my father staring at me.




"Hold on. Let me ask my dad." 




"Sure."




Taking a moment to breathe and composed myself, I focused on my father and said, "Nero wants me over at his place tomorrow."




"What part of no one is moving out don't you understand, Luna?!" My father lashed out.




"What's that supposed to mean!" I let out, struggling against the sudden anger that had ceased me.




"Every marking process is happening under this roof!"




"You must be kidding, right?!"




"No! There will be no run tomorrow. Instead the pack will gather here to be a witness to the ceremony." 




A look of horror suddenly crossed Blake's face as she blurted out, "Are you insane, Loki?!"




She looked shaking almost as though she was about to have a panic attack, and her eyes looked moist.




"Why are you freaking out? It's not like I am putting the four of you guys in the same room! It's going to be separate bedrooms, and the pack members will wait downstairs here until you guys are done." My father calmly uttered.




Gosh, I wish I could travel ten minutes back and make the decision to take my phone call upstairs, then I wouldn't need to hear my father explaining this! 




Thankfully, I put Nero on hold, and it's a relief that he's not hearing any of this mess!




"I am not doing this! I can't go through with tomorrow." Blake let out, her eyes teary.




Silence fell in the room as we all watched her fight back tears, and it felt weird to stare.




My father took a long look at her and asked, "Are you sure, Blake? Think carefully before you answer my question."




The quietness in the room continued for a couple of seconds, then she sniffed and mumbled, "I'm just stressed. I am fine with it. Whatever you want, Loki."




Swaying his gaze off Blake, he looked at me and said, "Tell Nero that if he is serious about marking you, he will be here at sharp Eight on the dot tomorrow."















The worst mistake of their lives
******Jason POV*******




Loyalty is a burden that has me still visiting Nero even though every time I see him, I want to knock the shit out of him.




I know that he knows he's making a terrible mistake to let Blake go. But I guess whatever he and Vladimir Fang discussed that day, it had messed with his head so badly.




His father has a high influence on him, especially if it's something relating to his mother. If Vladimir says jump, even if Nero rebels, he will at last ask, "How high!" 




The respect that I have for Vladimir is great, but I have spent my entire life with Nero. We both watch each other grow up, and that's how I know Blake is not like the others.




 That's why it was so freaking easy, although painful, for me to suppress my growing desire for her. 




And that's the reason, I am standing in the hallway of Nero's villa, hoping that I can convince him to disobey his father this time around.




"Good, you are here," Nero said, walking down the stairs.




What I hate so much about him is that he's good at masking his feelings behind that calm, cold expression of his that makes it too damn hard to read him.




"It seems like you want to speak to me," I mumbled as he walked past me before I followed after him. "I have a few words of my own to say to you myself."




Both of us headed into the living room without talking, and when Nero finally stopped in his tracks, he turned around, focused on my eyes, and said, "I want you to go back home go back to the pack." 




Words abandoned my lips for a couple of seconds as I stared intensely at him, hoping he was going to burst into laughter and say, "I'm just kidding."




But after the seconds seemed to turn into minutes and he didn't, I cleared my throat to awaken myself from my emotions and asked, "You want me to return home, why?"




"Because!" Nero let out. "Because"




"I need honesty, or else I am not going anywhere."




"Jason, don't play stubborn with me!" 




Frowning at the raise in his tone, I lashed out, feeding off my anger, "We are not kids anymore, Nero. Stop trying to protect me!"




Understandably, he will be because our family was closed before his and my birth, and after I lost it all because of Loki's attack, Vladimir took me in as part of his family.




The older we got, Nero took the weight of leadership off my shoulder, and even though he made me his beta, he shields me like an older brother because I spent my entire childhood and teen idolizing and looking up to him.




It has always been me first, then his father second when it comes to Nero's priorities. Then he screamed at me because of Blake, and I knew right then and there, that she wasn't someone simple to him.




Finally, ending the long silence that had dragged on for a while, Nero sighed and then said, "Loki wants me to live under his roof after marking Luna." 




My body went numb as I glared at him, wondering which part of that sentence I should address first, and at last, I answered back with an, "And?"




"I am going through with it, so I need you to go home. I don't want you around here when things start to get messy!" Nero said with a dead-serious expression, but I wanted so desperately to believe that he was fooling around.




"You piece of shit!"




"Jason!"




"Don't Jason me! Are you trying to commit suicide? Is that it!"




"See! This is why I don't tell you anything!"




It took me a minute to get over all the pressure building up from the anger I felt and lashed out at him, "I don't want you dying on me like the rest of my family. You are the only fucking thing I have left in this damn world, Nero!" 




 The room instantly grew silent as he stared at me with a look of hesitation on his face. 




"I am not going to die, Jason. This is not my first rodeo." Nero mumbled, yet those words only pissed me off more.




"Okay, so! Just because you return home safely to us then, that doesn't mean you will this time!" I shouted. "Also, how could you even think about doing something like this to Blake?!"




"She was the one who left! I was willing to risk it all for her, and she walked off without even a proper explanation!" 




"You don't abandon the one you claim you will risk it all for just because she walks away! We don't even know what actually made her do so!" 




When he didn't reply, I lashed out, "And to think you are planning to mark Luna! How is that even going to work if"




"I plan to reject Blake tonight when" The rest of his words faded when I slammed my fist into his cheek, and before I could stop myself, I had already landed a second hit in his face.




Frowning at me, Nero wiped his nose, gazed at the blood, and mumbled, "Beating me up will not change my mind. I should have kept my priorities straight from the start."




"You sick bastard!!" I shouted in his face, squeezing my fist to stop myself from striking again for the third time.




A look of dismay shallows Nero's expression as he blurted out, "Believe me, you are not the only one that I am disappointing! I am breaking a promise with someone who made me swear that I will not let any harm come to Blake!" 




"Wait, what?!" I mumbled in shock. "What are you talking about?"




"Look, Jason, I tried to make everyone pleased and fix this mess neutrally. But in the end, I can not have both. Sacrifices have to be made, and my mind is made up."




"Nero!"




"I am getting you a ticket, and I want you on a  flight tomorrow. It's a command!" 




I didn't like his tone, not one bit, because it gave it away that he was serious his mind was fixed on sacrificing his feelings for Blake for vengeance.




Unable to get over the reality that this was it, I watched Nero walk off, and then I finally got out of my head.




If he wasn't going to do something to stop this madness, then I would. It's not like he's the only one allowed to take on a suicide mission.




The moment I got back to the hotel and entered my suite, the sound of a knock caused me to reopen the door.




"Hey," Harley mumbled, darting her eyes away from mine when I stared at her.




"What do you want?!" I let out before realizing how harsh my tone was.




"Hmmm The thing is I he-ard th-at Rumors are going around about Blake and Killian, and I I I wanted to check on you to see if you are okay."




"I am fine. You don't have to worry about me." 




"Oh Okay. I am glad that you are then."




Fixing her eyes on mine, she gave me a soft smile and mumbled, "I should get back to my desk."




As she was about to walk away, I grabbed her wrist, and she turned to stare at me.




"Sorry about my tone just now," I said, knowing that she didn't deserve to share in the rage that I have for Nero. "It's nice that you are concerned about me."




"Sure. I know how devastating it feels when they are not the one, and everything in you believes that they are." Harley said as I let go of her wrist.




Then she walked off, and my gaze followed her for a couple of seconds before I shut the door. 




After standing still for a while, I was about to head to my closet to find something to wear for tonight when my phone buzzed.




Seeing that it was Blake calling, I immediately answered the call and listened to her say, "Hey,"




"Is that all I am going to get after you suddenly walk out on me and Nero?" I asked, not knowing if I should be mad at her.




"I am sorry, Jason, for not picking up your calls and everything else. I knew you would try to stop me, and I don't want you to do so." 




"Why are you and Nero so damn stubborn!... Why are you doing this, Blake?!"




"Because of my mother, Jason. Loki will only let me know about her if I do as he wants, and bearing Killian's mark is what he asks. I thought it's only fair you knew the truth, so you won't be left with concern."




"Blake,"




"I want to I have to do this, okay?" 




Frustrated, I buried my face into my palm, drawing a breath because I was left in a dilemma, and at that moment I understood slightly what Nero must feel.




"Let's say, hypothetically I come over there to get you," I mumbled, still trying to be optimistic.




"Please don't. I am begging you." Blake said almost in a whisper.




"Is that how you truly feel?"




"Yes,"




It was painful to accept, but the was nothing I could do to stop these two fools from making the worse mistakes of their life.








###chapter 32

Your Obsession 
********Blake POV*********




My gaze didn't abandon my phone screen as I continuously gazed at the message Nero sent me a while back, "Call Jason. We got into an argument. I think he's going to act stupid and come get you tonight! Talk him out of it."




That's all he had to say. The toxic part of me was hoping that there would be more. But he hasn't sent anything else.




My fingertips were so close to the letters on my keyboard, but my pounding heart was making me nervous to write anything.




It took a while for me to calm my shaking hands and write back, "I talked him out of it, and he's not going to come tonight."




After pressing send, I held in my breath when I saw that he read my message.




 The three little dots kept popping up and fading every second which only increased my anxiety the entire time I waited for him to reply.




But at last, the dots faded, and it was just seen underneath my message, and finally, my gaze abandoned my phone screen, focusing my attention on my dresser.




My heart abruptly skipped a beat when my phone unexpectedly made a beeping noise, and I gazed at its screen, staring at Nero's message with moist eyes, "Let's end us tonight. I will inform you when I get there."




My hands were shaking as I typed four letters, "Okay," and then sent.




The bright light from my phone suddenly appeared dim in my eyes as I watched my tears hit the screen, and all I wanted to do was scream! 

I couldn't stop myself from trembling as I clapped my hands over my mouth, suppressing my voice as a cry threatened to escape my lips.




Squeezing my mouth even tighter, I felt sick to my stomach, and I tried so hard to sedate the feeling but it wasn't working. 




'This is for the best,' I whispered in my head. 'You will be okay.'




That was a lie. I have been beaten and bruised a couple of times, but there was nothing more painful than this.




Grabbing the edge of my mattress, I clasped onto it as I let out a silent scream, shutting my eyelid tightly.




"Miss! Your father asked me to bring you your dress for tonight." Jessica's voice echoed into the room along with the sound of a gentle knock.




Raising my eyelids, I stared at the door, knowing that I couldn't let her see me in this state.




After tossing my phone on the sheet, I walked out of the room, headed into my bathroom, and stopped at the basin.




My reflection stared at me with puffy red eyes, and I hated looking back at her. 




Hastily, I washed my face and left the sink, heading back into the room to open the door for Jessica.




Once I did, she handed over the bag to me with a smile and then walked off.




After returning to my bed, I unzipped the bag and stared at the dress within it, feeling hesitant to pick it up.




The fact that Loki was going out of his way to make me presentable for tonight was annoying, and knowing that the only reason he was putting in this much effort made me disgusted.




Slowly, I pulled out a crystal blue dress, gazing at the glamorous pattern and fiber, and I just knew that it is going to make me draw attention tonight which hated.




My guess wasn't wrong because at seven-fifteen when I got done dressing, I stood before the mirror and froze. 




The gown was breathtaking, and styling it with a straight plain braid and silver heel just made the entire look perfect.




"Blake?" Loki called out from the other side of my door, and I grew stiff, glaring at my reflection.




After taking a moment to compose myself, I turned away from the mirror and walked over to the door, opening it to see Loki grinning at me.




Widening his smile, he dragged his gaze from my face, down to my heels, and then announced, "You look perfect!" 




Looks are truly deceiving because I felt like crap. But I returned a smile and said, "Thanks."




"You have your mother's eyes, and her beauty," Loki said, looking solely at my face.




One look at him, and I knew that that was not a compliment, but a reminder of what is at stake tonight.




"Why did you leave her for Loretta?" I mumbled beneath my breath, hoping for an answer I knew that I was never going to get.




"The guests have started arriving. We should head to the grand hall." Loki said, forsaking looking at me.




As he turned to leave, I clenched my phone and asked, "You are going to stay true to your promise, right?"




"It's up to you, Blake, to make me an honest man, so watch what you do tonight," Loki said, walking off.




Drawing a breath, I looked after him for a brief while before following him, convincing myself with every step that I was doing the right thing.




When we got to the grand hall, I forced my lips into a smile, walking into the room.




Almost the entire pack was there, and it felt overwhelming to have caught their attention the moment I stepped into the room.




Following closely behind Loki, he led me towards Mr. and Mrs. Noble, and I felt a bit reluctant when Karen and my eyes locked.




The calmness on her face couldn't mask the look of hate in her eyes as Loki and I stopped in front of the Nobles.




"You look gorgeous, darling." Mrs. Noble softly uttered as she pulled me in for a cheek kiss.




It felt weird to be in her arms, but I endured it and was glad when she finally let me go. 




Slapping Killain gently on his back,  Mr. Noble let out a laugh and announced, "You made a wise choice, son!"




Within a split second, Loki joined him in giggling, and it was just infuriating to see the look of pride on both of their faces.




"Excuse me," I mumbled, turning away to leave.




"Where are you going?" Loki suddenly asked.




When I looked back at him, he had this troubled look on his face almost as though he was scared of his jailbird running off.




Frustrated, I didn't think my words through and said in annoyance, "To use the bathroom. Will that be a problem?"




"The ceremony will soon start. Your sister assured me that Nero is almost here, so you should hurry back." Loki said as his brows slightly furrowed.




Not replying, I walked off, and once I was safely inside the bathroom upstairs, I rested my palms on the basin and let out a long breath to calm myself.




Suddenly, the bathroom door opened, and I hastily looked to my right, staring at Karen as she walked inside.




"Ain't you afraid to be alone and in close space with me?" I mocked, annoyed by the scowl on her face.




The silence was all I got from her for a couple of seconds before she hardened her face and mumbled, "Why are you suddenly with my brother?" 




"What?" I uttered, thrown off by her question.




"I know why Killain is with you, but why him?" 




"I don't owe you an explanation for my choices in life."




Staring solely into my eyes, Karen scoffed and then mumbled, "I really had my bet on Mr. Fang, and you."




"Well, too bad because the romantic relationship between us only exists in your imagination," I told her boldly, but it felt as though I had stabbed myself with my own words.




"Are you saying that now because you were stupid enough to let Luna have him even though he doesn't belong to her?"




"Did I hit you so hard that you have lost your sanity?"




Giving me a hard stare, Karen didn't speak, and I was about to walk past her when she blurted out, "The day you become one of us, Nobles, will be a day that I am dead, and that's why I am even bothering to tell you any of this."




The seriousness in her expression had me hesitating about my decision to walk out and leave her to her madness.




"Luna is Killian's mate, and to be honest, I would rather her be with my brother than a psychopath like you!" Karen uttered calmly. "So, I don't know what game you are playing here, but I need you to stay the hell away from my brother and my family."




"Luna and Killain" I whispered, trying to make sense of her words.




"My brother is only with you for your body and because of his sense of duty to our family. But to be honest, I don't get what he sees in you. You are not that eye-catching!" 




"Did you say Luna is Killain mate?"




"When did I start speaking another language!" 




What insanity is fate playing at right now! This is not the time for me to start having second thoughts or feeling something other than what I had programmed myself to feel for tonight.




 "I should get back downstairs," I mumbled, trying to walk past her




But Karen stepped in my way and said, "You think I am lying? Fine! I will show you proof, so you can stop your obsession and get away from my brother."













A Liar
Staring at Karen's serious expression, I knew that she wasn't kidding, and a part of me wanted to run as far as I can, away from her away from whatever she had to say because I knew I knew that I wouldn't have the strength to give in to my father's wants if I start having second thoughts.




"I don't need proof. I need you to get out of my way." I told her.




At that moment my phone buzzed, and I anticipated who message I just received which left me scared to look at the screen.




Pretending as though she didn't hear a thing I said, Karen pulled out her phone from her purse and mumbled, "Just listen."




"Karen, move!" I raised my voice at her as fear squeezed my heart.




"Are you sure you want to get violent when the entire pack is downstairs?" 




"Can you just stop"




The careless look in her eyes told me that I was going to hear this whether I like it or not, and I brace myself for it.




After taking a long look at me, she focused on her screen, and a couple of minutes later, I heard Karen's voice, "Killain, you must be kidding me! Blake! Are you seriously settling for someone like her!"




 "It's not like I have a choice, Karen! Luna refused to acknowledge the bond that we share, and she has her mother's backing on this!!" Killian's harsh voice echoed from the speaker.




"Have you tried talking to them! I will accept anyone right now, but Blake. Maybe if you put more effort into Luna and"




"Don't you think I have tried! Apparently, we are not wealthy enough for her daughter's standard. That's what Loretta said to my face. So Blake is my last option." 




"Killian!"




"I know what I felt when I saw Luna at that party, and I know that she felt it too. But I can not force the truth out of her not when Loki and Loretta are her parents."




My phone buzzed again, and my teeth sank into the skin of my bottom lip as I tried to shut down my thoughts.




"The rest of the recording is just me shouting at him about how much I detest you and don't want you as my sister-in-law, and him trying to convince me why he doesn't mind marking you," Karen said after pausing the audio.




A third buzz echoed from my phone, and I held back my breath, looking at Karen, staring back at me as though she was waiting for me to say something.




"I have listened to your recording, now can you step aside." I calmly uttered, squeezing my phone.




"Okay. So are you going to leave my brother alone since you know he doesn't belong to you?!" Karen let out with a frown.




"I would, but the decision is not mine to make. Like Killian, my hands are tied. Now move."




A frown settled on Karen's face as she glared at me. Then she tightened her lips in a firm line, looking really pissed before walking out of the room, slamming the door hard.




My chest raised high and then dropped as I fought against my emotions, feeling stuck in a dilemma that felt like my worst nightmare.




It took a while for me to get my emotions together, and I was ready to go back into the grand hall when my phone buzzed again, I finally gained the strength to take a look at the screen and click on Nero's texts.




After reading through them, I rushed out of the bathroom, headed downstairs, ignoring the grand room, and rushed for the front door.




But I immediately stopped halfway down the corridor when I heard Killian's voice, "Blake?"




Feeling hesitant, I stopped, slowly turned, and gazed at him, faking a weak smile.




A look of confusion clouded his expression as he mumbled, "Where are you going? Everyone is waiting for you in there." 




"Huh" I whispered.




The sound of footsteps interrupted my thoughts, and then I heard Nero's voice, "Blake," 




His last message said that he was coming inside to find me. But I didn't expect that he would leave his car so quickly.




'Don't turn around, Blake.' I cried in my head.




"We should head inside. Your dad is restless, and I assured him that I was going to find you." Killian said, his cold eyes focused above my head. "You too, Karen!"




A sense of nervousness swept through me when I heard Karen's heels sound, approaching me from the back. 




When she walked past me and her brother, heading for the grand hall, I couldn't help wondering what she was doing with Nero, and if it was a coincidence that they were together.




Clutching onto my purse, I walked over to Killain, refusing to gaze back, knowing that it was way too late to amend and reenact my decision to leave Nero.




We headed into the grand hall together, and after Killain and I joined Loki and his father, I heard Luna call out, "Babe!"




'Don't look, Blake. If you don't sacrifice for what you want, what you want becomes the sacrifice.' I mumbled in my head, giving Loki a faint smile as he grinned at me.




At that moment, Luna's soft giggle echoed in my ears followed by her words, "I am glad that you are here. Now the ceremony can start."




"But what do you want, Blake?" I whispered, pinching my dress.




The answer was so freaking selfish the instant I realized it, and I finally turned around, meeting Nero's gaze immediately.




His eyes were calm as he stared into mine, and I knew right then and there that I had made the worst mistake of my life by walking away from him.




"Now that we are here as a pack, I feel satisfied to announce that tonight my daughters have legally become an adult and are old enough to be marked by their mates," Loki announced.




Then he eyed Killain and me, smiled, and said, "And the good news is, they have found their mates."




Feeling his eyes on me, my focus shifted off Loki, and I gazed back at Nero, realizing that he was looking solely at me.




Why did I hesitate to believe that he loved me and that he would protect me? Maybe it's because, with him, I was never sure certain about us. To be fair, he didn't give me much to be confident about. 




It's wrong what Luna is doing to Nero, and I want to believe that he doesn't know that she is deceiving him that Karen didn't tell him what she told me. But will it be right of me to walk up to him and kiss him right now?




Even though I was suppressing my urge to do it, I wanted to do it so badly to claim Nero openly. But is that what he wants? I am scared afraid to drag him in my mess. With Luna, things would be easier for him, unlike me getting him deeper involve in shitty life.

'I think I have cost you enough headaches. It's better this way that you don't know how much I am dying inside slowly at the thought of being with someone other than you.' My brain tortured me with these words as I darted my gaze away from Nero.




"Tonight, we will all be witness to my daughter Blake getting claimed by Killain Noble, and Luna marked by Nero Fang," Loki announced, and cheering aroused in every corner of the room.




The tears I had been holding back wet my cheeks as I stared at Nero, and my shaking lips curved into a weak smile. But he frowned at me, and his eyes burned with anger.




Looking down at Luna's hand around his arm, he grabbed onto her wrist and gently pulled her hand off him.




"When were you going to tell me that you have been lying to me all this time?" Nero blurted out as he glared at her when she looked up at him.




"Wh-at what is going on?" Loretta cried, looking as confused as I was.




For a second, Nero eyed me, giving me a hard look. Then he gazed at Luna and said, "Shouldn't you be getting marked by Killain?"




"What?" Luna whispered.




Well, I guess Karen snitched on Luna to him too. She must really despise me to doing something like this and putting Luna in such a state.




"I know I haven't been totally open with you, and that I never told you that I am cursed. It's a generation thing, and I don't have the ability to find who my mate is. That's why I trusted you when you said that I was your mate!" Nero uttered calmly.




"What!" Luna blurted out with fear dancing in her eyes.




"But did you have to make a fool of me, making me believe that I was your mate?" 




"I I ne-ver I never lied to you." 




Silent fell between both of them, and that's when I realized how dead the room had become.




"Well then, between you and Miss Noble, one of you guys is lying because she claimed that you are her brother's mate, and you are only with me because of my cash," Nero said, frowning at her. "So who's the liar here?"











###chapter 33
Are you sure you want this 
***********Nero POV********




They say, "out of sight, out of mind." But when Blake was gone from my place, she wasn't out of my mind, it was just that I could easily focus on what mattered when she wasn't in my face.




But then I saw her tonight, and damn it, I have that same stupid desire to keep her safe and act recklessly for her.




"Nero, please listen to me. I swear, I didn't deceive you." Luna cried, her eyes moist. 




This wasn't the plan. Tonight was about me taking the easy way out of this mess reject Blake, claim Luna, and hopefully get the list sooner than later with her help.




"I am sorry. But Miss Noble was just as convincing as you are right now, so I apologize if I claim that I don't believe you." I told her.




The thought of vengeance is still very much alive inside of me, but tonight I guess, the one I will be sacrificing would be Luna and not Blake. 




But I have to do it carefully because I still very much need Loki to trust me, and if I don't choose my words carefully, things may become bloody within a matter of seconds.




That is why Karen is my scapegoat because when she suddenly knocked on my car windshield a couple of minutes ago and I let her in, the way she spoke told me that she hates Blake being with Killian as much as I did.




"Karen, what the heck is wrong with you?! Why would you be spreading such lies about me and your brother?!" Luna shouted, throwing her a dirty look.




"Don't call my sister a liar! We both know who's not telling the truth here." Killian mumbled as he shot her a warning look.




"How about you stay out of this?" Loretta said peevishly.




Great, I have started the fire, and it was time to take a step back and let everyone else fan it until it blasts.




"I am not going to stand here, and let your daughter reject me for the second time, lying to my face and everyone else." Killian blurted out, raising his voice.




"What right do you have to call my daughter a liar!" Loretta lashed out.




Looking over at Blake, her lips were trembling as she stared at me, and I could tell she was holding in a chuckle.




When our eyes locked, her face grew serious, and she tried to mask her devilishness with an innocent expression, but I threw her a cold stare, and she pouted at me with sadness in her eyes. 




After years of living my life in peace, I am stuck with an annoying brat, and to think she looked so peaceful as a newborn, just to grow up into this agitating rascal who somehow got me wrapped around her fingers, even though I tried hard not to admit it.




Gazing away from her, I eyed Loki as Mr. Noble approached him, and I watched him mouth out, "Fix this mess, Loki."




"Okay, how about we move past this, and go to the next stage of this ceremony!" Loki announced in an authoritative tone.




At that moment, I caught Blake glaring at her father, and at first, she didn't say anything, allowing the silence in the room to reign. 




Then she eyed me and mumbled, "If Killian is Luna's mate then I am not going through with this ceremony." Blake blurted out.




"Are you sure you want us to do this now!" Loki mumbled in a dead tone. 




"We both know Killain is not my mate, and if Luna belongs to him, I don't want to get labeled as the girl who stole her sister's mate."




"Stop talking."




When my gaze shifted to my right, I caught Blake staring at me.




Then she immediately drew her eyes away when our gaze locked, stared at Loki, and said, "I should have stayed with Jason. I hate myself for leaving him, and maybe this is fate telling me to go back to hi"




"Can you keep quiet, Blake!" Loki lashed out.




Already hating myself for thinking this, I calmly let out, "Actually, Blake is not alone. I don't want someone else's mate either. Since Luna already has a mate, I will take my chances with someone who doesn't." 




Looking at me with a look of disbelief on her face, Luna's brows furrowed as she whispered, "What are you doing, Nero?"




"Being honest with my feelings," I told her.




As the whispering from those around us grew louder, Loki looked restless, his eyes were shaking from left to right, and he seemed like he was about to lose it.




"Good luck, Luna," Blake said loosely. "I should retire to my room for the night since I am not partaking in this ceremony. These heels are killing me."




Frustrated, I watched her walk away, and I knew she was being smart. It was going to be hectic to put it out there that she was already marked by me.




For now, I was just glad that she doesn't have to be with Killian. Later, I can figure out how to claim her after all this dies down because I need her more than ever since I just lost access to Luna. 




This is going to make this whole task even longer, but it's a price I am okay with paying.




"Blake, don't take another step!" Loki shouted, frowning as he gazed at her back.




Immediately, she stopped, slowly turned around, scowling at him, and asked, "What?"




Gazing away from her, Loki looked at Killian and said, "Mr. Noble, I will ask you just this once, are you certain that Luna is your mate?" 




"Yes!" Killian uttered with no reluctance.




"Dad, what are you doing?" Luna whispered, and I could see anger glowing in her eyes.




Ignoring her words, Loki gazed at me and said, "Mr. Fang, you said that you would rather take your chances with someone who doesn't have a mate. Blake and Jason are over. She is available."




Nothing made me hate Loki even more than his last statement. He was treating his daughters as something to be sold, not caring if they are with their right mates. It made me sick with rage. 




"Dad!" Luna screamed, looking over at Blake. "This is all your plan right, bitch?!" 




"Loretta, control your daughter!" Loki shouted, his eyes blood-red as he glared at his wife. "Before I remind her whose presence she is in!"




Then he looked back at me and asked, "What do you say?"




Staring at the serious look on his face, I knew that there was also a fifty-fifty chance that he was putting me through a test, and I mumbled, "Turning down one sister for the other, I don't think that is appropriate."




"You have principles, I admire that. But I hosted this ceremony to announce both my daughters getting marked. Don't you think I have lost face enough in front of my own pack?" Loki stated calmly with soulless eyes.




There was more to his words, and I could sense it from his body language and expression. But the last thing I wanted was to piss Loki off in his territory, so I eyed Blake, looked back at him, and mumbled, "If that's the case, it will be my honor to accept your daughter as my mate."




A grin surfaced on Loki's face as he clapped and declared openly, "Problem solved. Let the second stage of the ceremony begin!"




Confusion ate at me as I continuously stared at Loki, wondering what was going on in his sick mind, and what game he was playing with us.




"Blake, please escort Mr. Fang upstairs to the east wing guest room," Loki announced, looking at her.




Gazing Blake's way, I could tell she was in shock by her father's decision, just like everyone in this room.




At first, she didn't move, standing still like a pretty sculpture until he shouted, "Blake!"




Without replying, she seemed so disturbed as she took a long look at him, and then she looked back at me before mumbling, "Please follow me."




Not caring for the growing whispers in the room and Luna's cries, I followed Blake out of the hall and silently walked behind her in the corridor.




When she got to the room, she gently closed it, resting her back against the door, and whispered, "What just happened?"




"He's your father. I should be asking you that question." I told her, still in a state of confusion by Loki's insane decision.




"My hands can't stop shaking!! Do you think he knows about us?"




"I don't know, Blake."




When I looked down at her hands, she wasn't kidding. They were trembling, and she made a tight fist when she noticed me staring.




Letting out a harsh breath, I walked over to Blake, took her hands in mine, and squeezed them, not losing sight of her eyes.




"Why did you leave?" I mumbled, wanting an answer so desperately because that question haunted me every night since she ran off.




Staring down, she said no words as her thumb stroked the back of my hands, and then she finally whispered, "Because I was afraid"




There was a long pause. Then she raised her head, gave a weak smile, and whispered, "I was afraid of getting rejected by you for her."




A nervous chuckle escaped her lips as tears settled in her eyes, and I didn't think twice, leaning in closer toward her face to get a taste of her.




Her lips were warm and soft when mine pressed against them, and with every shared breath, I wanted more of her.... every inch of her skin, I wanted to own and mark.




When I pressed Blake against the door, she pulled back, breaking free from my kiss, and mumbled, "Are you sure you want this? I can talk to my dad to change his mind." 

"Why? Are you already thinking about getting rid of me when we just got back together?" I mumbled, listening to her throbbing heart. 













 










I got you
*******Blake POV*******




My heart was racing so freaking fast that I didn't know how to calm myself down, and my mind was still trying to figure out what the heck happened out there.




But the main reason my heart wanted to burst out of my chest was that Nero was so freaking close to my body. 




Tonight, I expected so much bad stuff to happen, and all my worst nightmares to come true. But being this close to Nero again was freaking unbelievable. I was so excited, even though I was worried.




But I was not that worried about what we do because I brought Nero to my room and not where Loki asked to take him because my bedroom is way more secure than most places in this mansion.




"You haven't answered my question yet. Are you seriously thinking about getting rid of me?" Nero asked, raising a brow.




"No! No." I hastily uttered. "It's just that there are a lot of people against me, and after tonight, there will be a whole lot more. I don't want to give you a burden that will endanger you. So" 




"I want you, Blake, and I am more than capable of taking care of myself." 




"Are you sure?"




"I am."




This time, we didn't have to argue for him to say it, and I didn't have to force it out of him. It came out so naturally that I couldn't help grinning widely.




"What are you gleaming about?" Nero mumbled, caressing my cheeks.




"I'm just happy," I muttered, smiling wider as I gazed into his eyes.

After taking a long look at me, he smirked, his hands raising towards my ear. When his fingertip touched it, I jerked a bit, giggling as I whispered, "What are you doing?" 




"Nothing," Nero mumbled as I felt his fingertip lightly trace the C-shaped outline of my ear.




Without stopping, he leaned towards my neck, and the moment his wet lips rested on my skin, I groaned so freaking loud that a feeling of embarrassment overwhelmed me.




"Cute," Nero whispered, meeting my eyes.




"No, that was humiliating, and I am going to bed," I muttered, withdrawing away from the door and walking over to my bed.




When I got on the mattress, I looked back at him, and he was giggling silently which was even more frustrating.




"Can you stop laughing?" I lashed out softly, pouting at him.




"Why? It was cute." Nero mumbled, still chuckling.




"No, it wasn't." 




"It was"




Unable to finish his sentence, Nero burst into laughter, cracking up so hard that I wanted to kick him in the balls to make him stop.




When he finally stopped, cleared his throat, and wore a serious expression on his face, he looked at me with a coy look in his eyes.




"Did you do that to embarrass me!" I scoffed, trying to act annoyed, even though I wasn't.




"No, I was trying to spice things up," Nero uttered with a deep voice, walking over to the bed. 




When he reached me, he had that alluring look in his eyes that made me want to stare into them for hours.




Leaning towards my ears, he whispered, "Did it work? Or should I do it again,"




Of course, I wanted him to do it again because my entire body was already awake and tingling from his first touch.




Before giving me a chance to react, Nero pinned me against the bed and said, "Don't think about it, and just tell me."




Feeling his hand against my gown zip, I shifted slightly as he pulled it downward. When my dress was on the floor, he gazed into my eyes, but I couldn't focus as I felt his hand stroking against the skin of my inner thigh.




"I missed you for the couple of days you were gone," Nero mumbled with a dead-serious look on his face. "The villa felt empty without you annoying me."




My brain couldn't process a response because the further his hand slowly caressed upward, against my skin, the more heated my body became, and when he finally reached the crease of my inner thigh, I curled my toes hard.




A low moan crawled from the back of my throat the instant I felt Nero's fingers so deep between my inner lips, and I grabbed his wrist with trembling hands.




Looking at me with a dark look in his eyes, he smirked and mumbled, "Good. He didn't touch you I don't have to kill him after all." 




"Are you serious," I whispered, frowning at him. "You could have just asked me, instead of inspecting my body!" 




"What fun would that be then?" 




"You!"




My mind suddenly went blank and my eyes rolled in the back of my head as I grabbed onto the sheets, curling my toes even tighter while pulling onto it.




"You may sound mad, but your body says you prefer this way," Nero whispered, twitching his finger more before thrusting them hard, deeper.




It felt so freaking embarrassing to look at him as I suppressed an outcry, so I swayed my gaze to the right corn of the room, but Nero's words quickly drew my eyes back to him, "Only I am allowed to do things like this to you from now on, okay?"




"Does that mean you plan to keep me permanently?" I mumbled hopefully, studying his eyes. 




Suddenly, Nero stopped, got off the bed, and looked back, staring intensely at me.




"What? Am I a temporary deal to you?" I whispered, afraid of the answer to my own words.




"Of course not." Nero immediately uttered, his eyes fixed on mine. "But to be honest, we are not immortal, Blake. Death is real for us, and I can not guarantee forever with you."




"But you wouldn't leave me, right? As long as you are alive, you are going to keep me by your side, right?" I mumbled, fighting against my urge to cry because I didn't want this to be one of the things that I pressure him into saying.




Keeping a calm mood, I waited patiently for Nero to say something. But he silently walked towards me and sat on the bed without taking his eyes off me.




"Is that what you want to be by my side?" Nero asked, looking deep into my eyes.




"Yes, I do," I mumbled, feeling reluctant to be truthful entirely. "But you don't have to want it too. I am not forcing you to be" 




"If you want to be by my side, then by my side you shall be until you walk away on your own." 




"Huh?"




Gazing doubtfully at him, I softly chuckled and mumbled, "Why would you think I will be the one to leave you?"




"You ran away just last week!" Nero teased, shaking his head slightly.




Although I wanted to counterattack his words, he was right, and I knew it. So I gave a smile and said, "As long as you don't push me away, I am not going anywhere."




"Is that so?" Nero voiced, looking away from me.




His voice was dull when he uttered those words, and I frowned as I mumbled, "You don't believe me? Should we do a pinky swear?" 




Shoving my pinky in his face, I wiggled it, and Nero giggled as he calmly uttered, "Stop being childish and go take a shower."




"I am being serious." I pouted, dropping my hand to my side.




For a moment Nero said nothing. Then he faintly smiled and stroked my cheek, mumbling, "I know you are." 




The silence between us lasted for a couple of seconds. Then I brushed my palm against the sheets and uttered, "Actually, one of the reasons I ran away from you is because Loki said that he will help me find my mother if I do as he wanted."




Scoffing, I narrowed my eyes and blurted out, "That's the only reason I am obeying him. It's so freaking exhausting!"




"Loki is going to help you find your mother?" Nero asked, looking serious all of sudden.




"Yeah. He won't tell me much about where she is or anything sensible when it comes to her, except useless stuff like I have her beauty, blah, blah, blah!"




"Do you really want to find her?"




"Yeah. But Loki's offer came along with me bearing Killin's mark, and now that I am with you, I am not sure what he's going to do about our deal."




"Right,"




"But it doesn't matter though. I spent nineteen years of my life not knowing her, I think I will be okay during the rest of it without her." 




After he had stared calmly into my eyes for a brief moment, Nero gently pulled my head towards him, kissed me on my forehead, and whispered, "I got you."




 













 




Prove me wrong, and I will end you
*******Nero POV******




The weight of Blake's head on my chest and the way she had snuggled herself so close to my body left me with a smile the instant my eyes opened.




How can someone so dangerous have such an innocent presence? Maybe that's what makes her even deadly.




"Miss Blake, are you in here?" An omega's voice echoed from the other side of the door, and from the shiver in her tone, I could tell that there was a storm. 




There were a couple of silent seconds. Then there was a knock and she called out, "Please. If you are in here, say something. Your father is asking about your whereabouts, and we have been searching everywhere for you!"




The sound of a sigh drew my attention to Blake, and her hand stroked against my chest as she looked into my eyes.




Frowning, she withdrew from my arms as she mumbled, "Seriously! again... I knew this was coming when I refused for us to go back to his stupid ceremony. But really this early! Could he not wait a bit?" 




Now that she's awake, I take back my words. She doesn't have an innocent presence Chaotic is the word that I should have used. 




After wearing her robe, Blake walked over to the door, and the moment she halfway opened it, the omega whispered, "You were in here all along? Why didn't you answer last night? Your father"




"You can tell him that you found me, and I will be with him in a couple of minutes," Blake uttered, sounding still annoyed.




Then she shut the door, turned around to gaze at me, and mumbled, "Should we go back home?"




"Is that what you want?" I asked her, leaving the bed.




"Yes. This place is suffocating." 




"Okay. Then we leave today." 




Grabbing Blake by the wrist, I pulled her towards me, securing her against my body by her waist, and leaned forward, pressing my lips into hers, and I felt her grab onto my bare back as I teased with her tongue.




When our lips parted, she downcast her gaze, ran her fingers through her messy hair, and whispered, "Loki is not going to be excited about us moving. But who cares! Not me! I am telling him at breakfast."




"Why would he be mad?" I asked, knowing Loki getting mad isn't a good thing for me at this stage.




 "He has made this stupid decision that he wouldn't let Luna and I leave this house because he wants Killain and you to earn his trust."




"Is that so?"




"Yeah. But if I keep staying here, I might lose my damn mind, do something stupid, or make some disastrous moves, especially now that Loretta and Luna hate me. So it's best to leave here." 




Again, I am stuck between Blake and my plans. The closer I am to Loki, the quicker I can handle things. But the closer she is to her family, I know blood will spill sooner than later.




The feeling of dilemma continued to haunt me even after we had refreshed up and headed upstairs.




The moment we arrived in the living room it grew quiet, and my eyes locked with the bitter look in Loki's eyes.




"Nero! Seems like you slept well." He uttered in a dead tone as he stood from the couch. "Can you take a walk with me?" 




"I feel like walking too." Blake blurted out softly, looking more stressed as she glanced at me, then at him.




Ignoring her words, Loki walked past her, reached me, and tapped my shoulder as he mumbled, "Let's talk."




Looking back at Blake, he firmly let out, "Just the two of us."




Then he focused back on me, gave a stiff smile, and said, "Let's go."




Even though I didn't know what to expect from this talk with Loki, I gave Blake, who looked extremely distressed, a smile to comfort her before following Loki out of the room.




This task was always a fifty-fifty life or death risk for me, so I wasn't really that bothered about what the outcome of this so-called talk with him was going to turn into. But one thing I was certain about if I was going down, I am taking him.




When Loki and I walked into his study, he walked behind his desk, pointed to an empty chair, and said, "Please take a seat, Mr. Fang."




Not losing focus of his dull eyes, I walked over to the chair and sat down, keeping alert the entire time.




"What's your relationship with my daughter?" Loki asked after a good amount of prolonged silence.




"Until last night, Blake was just a student to me," I said, keeping my eyes on his, and lessening my blinks per second.




"Well, you must be a good teacher then. And now, who is she to you?"




"Someone you have made me responsible for." 




Even though he didn't speak after my remark, I could tell he was satisfied with my response, and I precalculate that because making it seem that he was responsible for Blake and me being together takes the focus off me.




"There's not much out there about you, Mr. Fang, and I kill people like that who enter my territory quicker than a needle can take to pop a balloon."

Loki calmly said with a death stare.




Knowing those words were not made for a response but a threat, I kept my composure and my silence.




"Do you know why I chose you for Blake despite my lack of trust in you?" Loki asked.




"No," I replied.




The simplest the answers, the less risk it is for me to get myself involved in some deep shit with this lunatic.




"Of all the research I did on you, one thing was clear as crystal" Loki said, pausing dramatically. 




Tapping his desk as he took a long look at my face, he finally huffed and mumbled, "You are the only one Blake respects. At least that's what all of her classmates say about you two." 




Slowly, I breathe out in relief, feeling thankful that he and I had different ideas in mind of what he was going to say.




"Luna and her mother made a stupid statement about Blake having feelings for you, and their words mess with my mind that I did a little digging at her school about you guys' relationships," Loki said, his expression emotionless.




"Is that so," I mumbled.




"Apparently, everyone couldn't tell me if she did like you or not, but they all said, you were the only one who could shout at her and she listened not only listen but obey your words."




"Really," 




Silence fell between us as Loki intensely gaze at me. Then he smirked and said, "Killain was a decent choice, but he wouldn't be a good alpha for Blake."




Resting back in his seat, he let out, "we both know that Blake is wild. She needs an alpha that can control her, something that not even I, her father, can do correctly. But somehow, you can, and that's why you are with my daughter."




There was a brief pause before he continued, "Also, you don't have the influence of a bond with her, so you can think clearly without considering her feelings." 




"I don't follow," I mumbled, feeling genuinely confused.




"Blake needs an alpha that can handle her, and I need her to be with an alpha that I can control. Let's get one thing straight, I don't trust you, Nero not the slightest bit. But you have the power in your hands to change that."




"How?"




"Simple. Bent Blake to my will for me."




Damn it! I shouldn't have convinced myself that this was going to be a simple in and out task. Why does everything keep getting so fucking complicated?!




Looking at him, I revisited my words countless times in my head and then said, "Blake wants to move over to my place." 




"She told you that?" Loki uttered, sounding annoyed.




"Yeah, this morning. There was something about her going insane if she stayed here..."




"Why are you telling me this?"




For a moment I held back my tongue, observing Loki's mood before saying, "If I am to handle Blake, she doesn't need to know that I am on your side. Let's be honest, you haven't given her a reason to do so"




"Is that how you feel?" Loki said with a raise in his tone.




"If I can remember clearly, you storm into my class and humiliated her in the worst way possible, so it's a reality, not just how I feel."




"Continue,"




"Blake doesn't respect me because I have some power over her. She does because I have not given her a reason not to. So, for now, let me work on earning her trust to fulfill yours."




"Hmm," 




"The more loyalty she has in me, the easier it will be to make her do things, don't you think?" 




At first, Loki seemed hesitant. Then he frowned and mumbled, "Fine. But know that you are only with my daughter and alive because I find you useful. Prove me wrong, and I will mess you up!"




"Well, I guess proving you wrong is not an option for me then," I mumbled, giving him a half-smile.
















###chapter 34
I am not your alpha
********Blake POV*****"




The sense of worry I felt had me pacing around as my fingernails continuously rubbed the skin of my neck.




The fact that I couldn't eavesdrop on Loki and Nero's conversation was frustrating to say the very least, and I was about to go find them when Loretta walked into the living room.




Giving me a death stare, she stopped a foot away from me and said, "You little devil! This was your plan all along, right?!" 




"A pleasant morning to you too, Loretta," I mumbled, feeling too nervous to care for her nonsense.




"You think you are funny?!"




"I never claimed to be a clown, Loretta!"




The way she was staring at me in disgust left me with nasty memories of the past how she always looked down on me and treated me like trash.




"What? Are you not done vomiting all that you have to say?" I asked her.




"Arrogant serpent!" Loretta lashed out. "You think you can steal what belongs to my daughter"




"No one cares for what your daughter possesses!... Oh, you mean Nero? Nah, he doesn't belong to her."




"You little"




"Also, the pack is not hers to own either since Loki hasn't decided yet... You and your daughter should really stop the nasty habits of claiming what doesn't belong to you guys."




Her face looked so red like she was about to explode from rage, and when her eyes shifted, for the first time after these few days, I felt my wolf again, becoming alert.




"Watch your mouth, brat!" Loretta coldly uttered.




Annoyed, I rolled my eyes and mumbled, "If you don't want to hear from me, then stop showing up in my face and talking to me."




"Just because you managed to get my husband's attention and robbed your sister of her mate, that does not make you invisible. You should watch your back!" Loretta said in a low voice, but her tone was spiteful.




"And you should stop talking to me and ruining my mood!"




"Haha! You really want to push me to my limit, right? Just wait and see!"




Looking over her shoulder, I saw Nero and Loki, walking into the living room, and the fact that he was unharmed left me smiling like some fool.




"What so funny, uh?!" Loretta shouted.




"Dad, is it wrong to smile in this house again?" I let out.




Just like Nero, Loki doesn't like walking about with his scent, and the stressful look on Loretta's face was priceless when I said those words.




"Stop fussing with someone younger than you, Loretta. It's humiliating." Loki uttered when she turned around to gaze at him.




At that moment, Killain and Luna walked into the living room, and I saw a look in Nero's eyes when he gaze at Killian that sent a chill down my spine and left me jealous.




Not knowing why he looked so mad when he saw Killain and Luna together kind of messed with my head. I know it was stupid, but I kind of felt slightly insecure when she looked into Nero's eyes.




We haven't talked about all that happened between them, and my poor, pitiful heartfelt sad, and annoyed that he took more than a minute to break eye contact with her.




The atmosphere quickly became toxic, and I wanted to escape from there immediately.




"I should get to school," I mumbled, avoiding the bitter look in Luna's eyes when she glared at me.




"I will drop you," Nero said when I gazed at him.




As I was about to walk away, Loki asked, "Don't you want to eat first?"




Even with the power to heal pretty fast, I don't trust eating anything in this house after last night's event.




"No, thanks," I said, fixing my eyes on him. "Actually I wanted to ask you something." 




"What?" Loki uttered, his brows joined together.




"Well, I wanted to tell you in private." 




"We are all somewhat family here, so speak your mind." 




Eyeing Nero, I felt hesitant to put him on the spot. But when he gave me a slight nod, I drew a breath, looked at Loki, and said, "I want to move out over to Nero's place."




Since Loki gave me the silent treatment after my remark, I grew impatient and was about to express myself when he suddenly uttered calmly, "Sure."




"But But you said" Loretta whispered, glaring at him.




"I know what I said."




"Does this mean you only want Killain to earn your trust?"




The confusion in Loretta's eyes and the look of anger on her face faded immediately when a smile defined her lips, and I knew it was because she believed Loki was letting me leave home since he didn't want me leading the pack anymore.




"Luna and Killain can move out for all I care." Loki loosely uttered, and now, I was even more confused.




He didn't argue with Nero mend I moving out, and now, he was also doing the same to Luna. What game was he playing again?




"What is that supposed to mean?!" Loretta cried out, looking so frustrated.




"It meant what it meant."




"You are not making any sense, Loki!" 




Wow, things were about to get heated, and I wanted Nero and me nowhere in their mess.




"I should get going," I mumbled while walking away.




When Nero and I were finally out was the house and in his car, he drew his gaze off the road, glanced at me, and mumbled, "Are you okay?"




"Huh," I whispered, unable to get his angry image out of my head. "Yes,"




"You have been quiet since we left."




"It's nothing,"




As he focus back on the road, Nero mumbled beneath his breath, "Nothing always means something." 




At that moment, his phone buzzed, and he slowed down as he reached for it, picking it up.




My eyes were glued to his face as he stared at the screen, and the instant he cancel the call, I blurted out, "Was it, Luna?"




"No, Jason." Nero casually uttered as he laid his phone back down.




"Then why did you cancel it?"




"Because I am driving, Blake." 




Frowning, he gave me a side glance and asked, "What's the interrogation about?"




Not even thinking, and allowing my heart to speak, I mumbled,  "You took more than a minute to break eye contact with Luna!"




"What?... How would you even know that it was one minute? Are you some stopwatch now?"




"I am not joking, Nero! Also, why did you look so pissed seeing her with Killain?!"




"Because the thought that you were going to end up with him makes me want to punch him, not just once."




After a couple of silent moments, he drove the car to the side of the road, stopped it, and let out, "Talk to me. What's going on?"




"There are a lot of unanswered questions about you..." I mumbled, knowing that if I didn't get it off my chest now, maybe I never will.

"One of them being, 'why was it, Luna, all along with if you don't know who your mate is because of the curse, and she was deceiving you?"




At first, Nero said nothing, and the silence was so uncomfortable. Then he finally let out, "Because she told me that I was her mate. How was I supposed to know she wasn't?"




 "I said the same thing, and your response was, 'I am not your Alpha.' Why didn't you give her the same reply?!" I mumbled in annoyance.




"Because you are my student, and she's not. I don't even know if I have a teaching job to go back to today because I am with you. It's against school policy, Blake." 




"Oh,"




That made a whole lot of sense, and although it didn't clear all of my doubts, it left me feeling guilty enough to mumble, "I'm sorry."




 "I understand. We have to work on trusting each other, and it's my fault you lose it for me in the first place. I am sorry for that, Blake. But I am with you now, okay? And I'm going to work hard to earn your trust again. I promise." Nero said, his words carrying a weight of sincerity in them.




Looking into his eyes, I wondered if just knowing that his name is, "Nero Fang," his beta is Jason, and he's my instructor is all the information that I need to know about him, now that I am willing to spend the rest of my life with him.




Realizing it now, I wasn't acting this way out of jealousy only. When you love someone, you want to know every single detail about them, especially the important ones, and there were so many questions that I wanted to ask Nero.




But he seems like the close book kind of guy, and I didn't want to push him any further than I have already done. 




"Okay?" Nero said, looking solely in my eyes.




"Okay," I mumbled with a weak smile.




For now, I am going to be patient. Hopefully, he will be willing to open up to me about himself soon. I mean, he can't keep me in the dark forever, right?


###chapter 35
Your presence here is a shock to him
***********Jason POV*********




Another cancel call. That jerk is really serious about me leaving. My ticket was sent to my phone this morning, and now, he's ignoring my call.




For too long he has been treating me like his baby brother, even though he's just a couple of months older than me. Maybe it's time to remind him that we are both grown men, and I am not obeying him anymore.




Leaving my couch, I headed into the bathroom, and when I returned to my room, a knock on my suite door made me abandon my closet.




"Who is it?" I called out.




Within a split second a soft, familiar voice echoed from the other end of the door, "Harley," 




Immediately, I unlocked the door, gazing down at her nervous expression as she whispered, "I should come back later," 




As she was about to turn around, I grabbed her hand, and I might have yanked her too hard because she banged against my chest.




When I felt her palm on my skin, I looked down at her, staring wide-eyed at me, and the sound of her heartbeat was becoming really violent.




"I am sorry. Didn't mean to pull that hard." I said, waiting for her to withdraw from my chest.




"I" Harley whispered, her fingers slightly moving against my skin. "It's really solid."




Suddenly she violently shook her head and jumped back, darting her gaze about without focusing on me.




"Is there a reason you came?" I mumbled, trying to shallow this awkwardness with something else.




"Right!" Harley let out a bit too loud. "Mmmh, I wanted to check up on you. I guess you have heard what happened last night."




"Actually, no. What happened?" 




"Well, Blake didn't end up with Killian."




"What?!"




Looking a bit relaxed now, Harley fixed her eyes on me and said firmly, "Apparently, Killian was Luna's mate, and Blake was forced by Loki to end up with this guy named, 'Nero."




"That bastard!" I blurted out before getting a hold of my tongue.




"You know him?!"




"Kind of. He's Blake's teacher."




"Oh,"




Silence settled between us. Then I gave her a soft smile and mumbled, "Thank you, Harley. I think I should change out of this towel."




As I was about to head back inside, her voice stopped me, "You are not going to do something stupid, right like, go after him for her?"




"Huh?" I mumbled in confusion.




"I know the relationship between you and Blake, but Loki was the one who said she should be with Nero. Maybe you should not intervene because our leader can get really aggressive if someone challenges him." 




"Well"




"What am I saying!... If you love her then fight for her. Just don't get killed doing it."




Chuckling slightly, I watched the look of nervousness on her face and then calmly uttered, "I am not going to fight for Blake."




"Huh?" Harley mumbled, raising her lashes high as she gazed at me. "Why?"




"Well, this may sound confusing, but it's because I love her." 




"Oh,"




"I should get going."




"Riright Ok..ay."




When I got back into my room, I heard over to my closet, took out something comfy, and got dressed.




Then I collected my phone from the bed and headed out of my suite. When I got to the hotel lobby and stared at the front desk, Harley wasn't there.




A part of me felt hesitant to leave without knowing her whereabouts, so I walked over to the counter and asked Tasha, "Where is Harley?"




"Oh, umm she went to use the bathroom," Tasha mumbled, looking about with a confused expression on her face. "Now that you ask, she has stayed a bit too long."




Gazing to her right, she smiled and said, "Oh, there she comes."




Then she snickered when Harley got closer and whispered, "Mr. Dickens was looking for you."




Without looking up at me, Harley sniffed softly and mumbled, "Do you need something?" 




"Actually, no. I was just concerned that you weren't at your post." I told her, feeling slightly troubled that she would not raise her head. 




When Harley didn't say anything, I tapped the desk and muttered, "Umm, I should go now."




After leaving the hotel and getting an uber, I dialed Nero again, and he answered before the second rang, "Are you on your way to the airport?" 




"No. I am on my way to your house. We need to talk."  I uttered in annoyance.




With dominance in his voice, Nero shouted, "That's not what we agreed on! I told you to get your ass on that plane!"




"I never made an agreement with you!" I raised my voice at him.




 There was a brief pause before Nero finally said, "I am on my way home."




Then he abruptly ended the call, and I knew he was quite pissed, but I didn't care because I needed to know what his plans were now that he was with Blake.




After an hour's drive, I arrived at Nero's villa, took off my shoes in the living room, and lay on the couch, shutting my eyelids.




Sleep ceased my body, and the next thing I can remember was someone tapping my leg, snapping me out of the feeling of dizziness.




"Nero," I whispered, gazing at him as he stood over me.




When I sat up on the couch, he took a seat beside me and grumbled, "You shouldn't be here."




"So you finally claimed Blake openly," I asked, feeling a dull ache in my chest.




"Kind of Things unexpectedly happened weirdly in our favor."




"Okay, does this mean you choose her over vega"




The sound of the villa doorbell echoed into the living room, interrupting me, and a sense of confusion swept through me as I whispered, "Are you expecting a visitor?"




"Blake should be moving back home today. But, I am supposed to pick her up after her classes." Nero mumbled as he woke from the couch.




When the sound of a ring repeated, I stood to my feet and followed after Nero. But it didn't take long to recognize the scent at the door.




When Nero opened it, my face dropped, and time stopped immediately as I gazed at Scarlet Knight, one of the strongest gammas from our pack.




"What are you doing here?" Nero asked coldly when she walked past him, entering the hallway.




"How did you even get past the gate?" I whispered without thinking my words through.




"I jumped over the fence," Scarlet said, eyeing me before looking at Nero. "Your father said that you need extra hands here, so Here I am. Ta-da!"




This is not good. These two had been going on pack missions together for the longestsince their teen years, and even though I am Nero's Beta, he chose Scarlet more often than me, especially for missions that he won't talk to me about when he comes back home.




She might just know him more than I do, or anyone else, and everyone in the pack thought she was actually going to be the one to break Nero's curse. But he only saw her as a gamma. Yet, it was no secret to all of us in the pack what Nero meant to Scarlet.




"I don't need extra hands," Nero mumbled, pulling his phone out of his pocket.




"Well, that's what your father said," Scarlet said with a frown. " I am only following orders."




The look of anger in Nero's eyes made the atmosphere tense quickly, and I peeked at Scarlet as she muttered, "It feels like I am not welcome here." 




"Nahh it's good to see you, Scar." I mumbled to ease the pressure in the atmosphere.




Staring at me, Nero's face grew cold as he uttered, "Jason, take her to the hotel that you stay at and keep an eye on her until you receive words from me." 




"You sound like you don't trust me, so why can't I stay here then?" Scarlet let out, glaring at him. "This place looks big enough to hold the two of us."




Not answering, Nero suddenly walked away with his phone pressed against his ear, leaving me along with her. 




"Did I do something wrong?" Scarlet asked, looking at me.




"No! No. Not at all." I blurted out, knowing it was not my place to tell her about Blake.




"He doesn't seem happy to see me."




"You know Nero doesn't like surprises, and your presence here is a shock to him."




A glimpse of disappointment settled on her face as she whispered, "I thought his father informed him about my arrival."




"We should head over to my place and wait for them to settle things," I told her when I heard a door slam shut.




"Why do you not live here with Nero? He's your alpha. Staying beside him is your duty."




"My duty is to obey my alpha! We should leave!"




"It's no wonder I was asked to come."




Judgemental as always. I could never do anything right in her eyes when it came to protecting Nero. She is not my favorite person, and I actually lied when I said that it was good to see her.




Staring straight ahead, Scarlett frowned as she clutched onto her backpack handle, and then she walked ahead of me.













 ###chapter 36
 Something is different about you
********Nero POV*******




After allowing me to call him ten different times, he finally answered and I calmly uttered, even though I was infuriated, "What is Scarlet doing here?!"  




"Last night, you claimed Loki's daughter, right?" My father's voice echoed with so much dominance.




"Yes,"




"Do you know which girl I am talking about?"




When I didn't answer, he let out, "I know all about your little display last night at the Hayes mansion."




Those words left me with one answer, knowing that I was double-crossed by my own spies and lying was not an option.




"It was Loki's decision," I mumbled, frowning at the thought of which one of those pricks betrayed me.




"But you provoked him into doing it!! Why?!" My father uttered, his tone sharp.




Years ago, I turned my back on Blake because of my father I feared that a child of Loki would not live, raised under his roof. I thought she was better off with her kind. But no matter how hard I try to escape from my promise, fate keeps dragging me back to her.




The web I am entangled in with Blake keeps getting tighter around my neck, and I don't think I can escape.




"When we found Loki's whereabouts, and you realized that she was alive, I told you to avoid that child, Nero!" My father lashed out.




"I can't. There is so much going on here that you don't know about! Blake is the easiest way to get to Loki. I just realized that now. He wants her to lead the dark moonlight pack. That's how much she is worth to him." I raised my voice. "With her"




"I don't give a damn, Nero! I don't believe that you are with her just to get to Loki! That girl is bad luck! She's ruining everything just like before!"




"Dad, she was just a baby."




"That doesn't excuse the fact that if it wasn't for her, you would have completed the mission as I ordered you to do so!"




"I told you that it wasn't because of Blake that I ordered for us to retreat!"




"I believe what Scarlet reported any day over your bullcrap story about what happened that day. You got weak because of her."




"No!! I got sick because I looked into her eyes and realized that I was no better than Loki!"




When the line fell silent, I buried my face into my palm and whispered, "Scarlet shouldn't be here."




"I don't trust you anymore, son. Something is different about you, and I don't like it. Scarlett will stay until Loki is dead along with the rest of those scoundrels." My father mumbled with so much disappointment in his voice.




"You are ruining everything by allowing her to stay! Don't you see!!"




"Scarlet is capable of handling herself. She's not leaving because she is the only one I trust since Jason is useless to me because of his loyalty to you."




With a sigh, I heard him mumble beneath his breath, "I raised him, and he chose to put you on a pedestal, biting the hands that fed him."




Maybe I am Blake's Alpha because from the moment we met shit keeps getting risky and unpredictable for me. She is putting me against everything and everyone, and I can't seem to not choose her.




"Did you mark her Blake." My father voiced out, and I could hear raw anger in his voice.




"Yes," I uttered since there was no use lying anymore.




I always knew Blake and I was an impossible force from the moment we met again, and I don't get why fate keeps trying to merge us Only chaos can blossom from what we are, and I want to shield her from all of it.




But after everything that has happened so far, I realized that the universe wouldn't allow that to happen, so I will give in to its intention until everything burned into ash for us.




With a firm tone, my father let out, "After you are done with this mission, I want you to reject her. I wouldn't accept her, Nero, and neither will the pack. She can not be the Luna of this pack with Loki's blood running through her."




Realizing that I didn't have the words to reply to his remark, I withdrew the phone from my ear and ended the call.




Recklessly, I dropped onto my bed, and rested my back flat against the sheet, feeling a burden like no other.




The brightness of the bulbs caused me to shut my eyes, and when I opened it again, it was because of my ringtone.




Seeing that it was Blake calling, and a couple of hours had drifted by, I woke from my bed, answering the phone as I left my room.




After a few minutes of driving, I reached the parking lot of the campus and brought my car to a stop.




The moment Blake got into the front seat, she pouted at me and mumbled, "You are late."




"I fell asleep," I told her, putting the car in gear.




Driving her back home was silent, and now and then, she would eye me with a look of concern on her face.




There were a lot of questions masked behind her calm expression, and I could tell every time I stared into her eyes. But my thoughts wouldn't allow me to say a word to her.




When we got home, I left her downstairs and headed to my room. But as I was about to remove my coat, a knock on the door got my attention.




Hesitating, I took a long look at its wooden frame as I pulled my coat off my shoulders. But then Blake's voice echoed, "Nero, did you lose your job at the school?"




The raw concern in her voice left me guilty, and I walked over to the door, opened it, and gaze at her.




Her eyes brimmed with sadness as she whispered, "You left the campus early, and"




"No, I didn't lose my job," I said, unable to bring a smile to my lips to comfort her.




How could I lose my job when I am paying the school to teach there, and as one of their biggest sponsors, there was no way they were going to address me about Blake and I relationship.




"Then why do you look so miserable?" Blake muttered, sounding even more worried now.




Honesty is a gift that I could never give to her, so I snapped myself out of my emotions and took her hand, leading her into the room.




After shutting the door, I looked back at her and said, "I am just tired and hungry."




The look of confusion in her eyes only lasted for a second before she beam with excitement and uttered, "I will cook something for you then. What would you like?"




"Anything will be fine." I calmly uttered, feeling guilty by the look of joy in her expression.




As she rushed past me for the door, I grabbed her by the waist, spun her around, and lightly kissed her on the nose before mumbling, "Thank you."




The corners of her lips pulled upward as she giggled, glowing with happiness.




After letting go of her waist, I watched as she rushed out of my room before allowing the smile on my face to fade.




As the minutes drifted off, I got concerned about Blake and headed downstairs to check on her.




When I got into the dining room, I froze at the sight of the table covered in food and Blake adding more to it.




"Why would you make this much?" I whispered, walking over to her.




"Because you and Jason have all this food wasting away in the fridge, and I don't want it to spoil. Plus, you said anything." Blake let out.




Then dragging her gaze to the table, she looked a bit skeptical as she murmured, "Did I go overboard?"




Resting my index finger under her chin, I directed her focus back to me and said, "No, not at all."




Her face looked a bit relaxed as she stared into my eyes. Then she picked up a sandwich, bit into it, and mumbled, "Try it."




Looking down at the sandwich as she pointed it to my mouth, I pushed it aside, tilting in and locking Blake's lips with mine, parting them to get a taste of her tongue.




With shut eyes, her body weakened against the table as she kissed me, her palm pressed against the solid wood.




Grabbing Blake by the waist, I set her on the table, and her fingers slid into my hair, grabbing it a bit hard when I pulled on her lip with my teeth.




Suddenly withdrawing from me, Blake looked hesitant as she whispered, "Maybe you should eat first."




"I think my appetite has shifted for something tastier." I teased her, unable to quench the spark she had awakened in me.




As she moved her lips to speak, a buzz from my phone interrupted her, and she silently gazed at me while I took it out of my sweatpants.




"Scarlet is gone. I lost her, and can find her anywhere in the hotel." I calmly read Jason's message.




Then I shove my phone back into my pocket, smiled at Blake, and mumbled, "Where were we?"

###chapter 37
She's Scarlett
***********Blake POV********




Silently, I watched Nero from the kitchen door, gazing at his back and feeling drunk by his scent which was everywhere on me, and no, it was not because I was wearing his shirt.

Dreaming about something bigger than running away from home was never a part of my thought. But now, I feel greedy like I am becoming needy wanting more from him for us.

Dreaming about something bigger than running away from home was never a part of my thought. But now, I feel greedy like I am becoming needy wanting more from him for us.




An addict to Nero is what I was turning into. Everything about him is like a drug I couldn't get enough of, and thankful I heal faster, or else I wouldn't have survived last night because I was drowning in him and he was like a rough wave crashing into me.




"Morning," Nero muttered after he turned around and saw me.




Walking away from the door, I approached the counter, stopped in front of him, and whispered, "Good morning,"




Suddenly, he grabbed me by the waist and sat me on the counter, causing a cry to escape my lips because my body was still sore since it was just a few minutes ago before we decided to take a break.




"Are you okay?" Nero said with a hint of worry in his eyes.




"Huh?" I whispered, pretending like I didn't hear those words because of the memories that came with them.




"Is your body okay?"




Trying to annoy him, I pouted and whispered, "Why wouldn't I be?"




"Because you kept wailing..."




Hastily, I clapped my hand over his mouth, giving him a warning look when he chuckled, looking satisfied in himself for teasing me.




When I finally drew my hand back, he smirked and said, "Do you want us to stay home so you can rest?"




"No, I have a test to take today," I mumbled, looking at the plate beside me.




Okay. Then I will drop you off, even though I have already missed my class time."




 "You missed your class Wait. What's the time?!" 




Picking his phone off the counter, he turned on the screen, stared at it, and mumbled, "Eleven-thirty."




"Damn it, Nero! I missed my test." I shouted in frustration.




"What! You were the one who kept holding me and moving your hips."




"Ahh! Stop talking!"




Annoyed, I was about to get off the counter when he drew the plate closer to me and said, "Grilled cheese sandwich. You should have some to replenish your energy."




"Okay," I whispered.




Pouting at the bread, I picked it up, frowned at Nero, and then bit aggressively into it.




After I was done with the second sandwich, I was about to leave the counter when I picked up Jason's scent.




Once my feet were back on the tiles again, I gazed at the door and saw him, standing in the way of the kitchen.




When our eyes locked, he hastily stared over my head and had this anxious look on his face as he gazed at Nero.




"Good morning," I mumbled, feeling awkward because his confession never did leave my thought.




"Morning," Jason said, lowering his gaze for a second to look at me before staring at Nero.




It was clear that he had words to tell him. But I was the one holding him back from speaking his mind, so I whimpered, "I should get ready for class."




After leaving both of them alone in the living room, my ears were alert as I headed upstairs. But the fact that neither of them said anything useful the entire time I was gone left me even more curious.




Their silence lasted even after I got dressed and came back downstairs to meet them. It was difficult now not to suspect that something was fishy about their behavior.




But what made it worse was when Nero handed me the jeep spare key and said, "You should drive yourself to school."




Trying to get the truth out of him, I pouted and mumbled, "But you said.."




"I know what I said, but something came up, and I need to take care of it."




"Okay,"




Frustrated, I snatched the key from his hand and walked off, feeling hesitant to go to class now.




But because of Mr. Franklin's stupid test, I had to go, knowing that I didn't want to repeat another semester.




When I got on campus, it was almost one o'clock, and I was crying in my head that Mr. Franklin would take pity on me for whatever reason as I hurried down the hallway, when I unexpectedly bumped into someone.




Immediately, I looked up, and staring back at me was a gamma. She was really pretty and had this fierce aura about her that left me gawking speechlessly for a while.




"I am so sorry," She let out softly.




"No, no. I should be the one who's sorry. I bumped into you first, and my apologies for that." I hastily said with a smile to smooth the situation.




"Yeah, but if I weren't wandering around here like a fool, you probably wouldn't have run into me, so I'm sorry."




From the calmness in her tone and the gentleness in her expression, she seemed like a really nice person, and I couldn't help asking, "You were wandering around?"




"Yeah. I am kind of on a campus tour, also new to town, and I wanted to complete my last semester hopefully here. So I came to take a peek at the campus."




"Well, I can help show you around later if you want and have the patience to wait. I have a thing to discuss with my instructor first."




"Well, if you don't mind, I can just follow you. That's kind of a tour, right?"




"Mmmh, Okay let's do that."




When she smiled at me, I returned a slight grin and uttered, "I am Blake."




With gentle eyes, her voice was so polite when she replied, " Scarlet is mine."




"That's a pretty name."




"Thanks. Yours is pretty too."




Have you ever met a stranger and it just feels right? That's how this moment felt with Scarlet. She was so sweet and different from what I have been greeted with within this damn place.




When we arrived at Mr. Franklin's office, he looked up from his desk, glared at me, and mumbled, "See who finally has time for school."




"I am truly sorry that I missed your test, Mr. Franklin." I pleadingly uttered since lying wasn't an option, and the truth wasn't for others ears.




"You are lucky you have connections. But my advice to you, Miss Hayes, or would you prefer Mrs. Fang?"




"Wha"




"Connect don't carry people too far without hard work. You should keep that in mind."




Although I was infuriated, I couldn't help wondering what he meant by I have connections. My father didn't know that I missed my test. No one else did, except Nero, and then everything made sense.




"You will take your test tomorrow. Apparently, today will not work for you." Mr. Franklin mumbled with an air quote.




"I didn't say that. I am prepare to take the test right now!" I blurted out in annoyance.




"That's good for you. I'm glad to know that you have some sense of seriousness left. But tomorrow is when you will receive your test."




"Look!"




Instantly, getting a hold of my tongue, I bit down on my lip to stop myself from lashing out at him and calm down.




Then I looked at Scarlett and said, "I guess I am free to show you around the building now."




 It felt so embarrassing that she was there to see all that happened, and as we walked back down the hallway, I felt too ashamed to talk to her.




"You have two last names?" Scarlet whispered, looking modest when I peered at her.




"Hayes is my father's last name, and Fang is is kind of my mate's surname," I mumbled beneath my breath in reluctance.




"Wow, you are mark!"




"Yep,"




"It must be nice,"




When she said those words, I realized that it was actually really nice having Nero as my mate because he was incredible.




 Although Mr. Franklin made me feel somewhat guilty about it, it was nice that Nero cared enough to put his reputation on the line for my grades. That was the first time someone had cared about my education. 




Time drifted by along with little conversations between Scarlet and I, and finally, we were standing outside of the campus building because I was done showing her the entire inside part of it.




"You are such a sweetheart for helping me out!" Scarlet said, fixing her eyes on mine as she took my hand in hers.




"Thanks. It was fun." I told her.




"We should grab lunch sometime Please say, 'yes.' I have been really bored since I arrived, and you seem like a genuine soul."




"Umm, yes. Of course."




As my lips settled in a smile, I suddenly heard Nero shout out my name, "Blake!"




Looking around, I felt a sense of confusion sweep through me, and then my gaze rested on he and Jason, approaching us with serious expressions on their faces.




Nervously, I waited for him to reach me along with Jason before asking, "Is everything okay?"




 "Yes," Nero uttered, looking at Scarlet, and I swear I saw a spark of rage in his eyes for a second. "Who is she?"




"She's Scarlet," I mumbled in an attempt to clear the atmosphere.
What's your plan
******Nero POV******




Staring at me, Scarlet smiled, and I felt my anger stab me when she asked Blake, "Who is he?"




Hesitation settled in Blake's gaze when she took a long peek at me. Then she looked at Scarlet and shuttled, "Umm. He's my"




 A slow uncoiling of anger seared through me as I stared at Scarlet, and knowing the exact kind of orders my father usually gives to her, something snapped inside me.




Without giving myself time to think straight, I grabbed Blake's hand and pulled her away, not letting go, even though she was walking stiffly.




When we got to my car, I opened the door, frown at the touch of annoyance in her expression, and said, "Get in!" 




For a couple of seconds, Blake took a long look at me, and a question was in her eyes, but she didn't speak and just stared.




Unlike Jason, Scarlet is different. Her loyalty lies with my father despite her feelings for me, and I should know that because we have worked together for a long time.




If she thinks Blake is a threat, she will go in for the kill if my father orders it, and I know she is going to get her ass killed if she's stupid enough to face Blake.




So to protect Blake from getting involved in an even more disastrous situation with my pack, I needed her to stay as far away from Scarlet as possible.




A flash of annoyance glowed in Blake's eyes as she mumbled, "I thought you and Jason have a thing to take care of, so why are you here?"




We were following Scarlet's scent, and I know now that she purposely led us here so she can pin my back against the wall.




"I felt uneasy that you were alone, so once Jason and I got done, I came to pick you up," I uttered, peeking at Jason and Scarlet a few steps from us. "You are done with your classes, right?"




"Yes," Blake mumbled, looking back at Scarlet.




"Great, let's go."




"But"




"Get in the car, Blake."




Pouting, she walked past me, got into the seat, and I slammed the door after her.




After getting behind the steering wheel, I took one last look at Jason and Scarlet before driving off.




The moment we got home and walked through the front door, Blake stopped in the hallway and mumbled, "Do you not like Scarlet?"




Those words brought me to a standstill, and I turned around to meet her eyes, wondering how I should answer.




At last, I sighed and let out, "No. So stay away from her."




"Why?" Blake blurted out.




"Because! Because I don't like her, okay? She doesn't seem like a good person."




"But I like her. She seems nice,"




"Blake, no!"




"You just met her for a couple of minutes and didn't even talk to her. How can you judge her like that!" 




Frowning at the stubborn look on her face, I hesitated for a moment and then asked, "How long have you known this Scarlet person for?!" 




Darting her gaze away from me with a pout, she puffed and whispered, "Well" 




"That's what I thought," I told her, feeling a sense of remorse. "After everything that others have done to you, a friend is not something you should be chasing after, especially with a stranger."




A reluctant look settled on Blake's face. Then she let out a heavy sigh and gave me a faint smile, "I get it. You are just looking out for me. But I will be fine."




As a hint of sadness clouded her eyes, she downcast her gaze and whispered, "I don't want me to be a burden to you. It will take away from our relationship."




"That's not true," I told her, even though that was somewhat accurate.




"We both know that's a lie. But you don't have to stress about every little thing I do."




"I told you that's not it I have had my fair share of experiences, okay! So this is more about me, than you!" 




"Oh,"




Canceling the space between us, I took her hands in mine, squeezed them, and said, "I just need you to be safe. That's all."




A smile hovered over my lips to distract Blake, and when she beamed softly, my hand moved up to her face, slowly tracing the outline of her lips with my thumb, mumbling, "Let's not fight over this, okay?"




"Okay. I will stay away from Scarlet." Blake whispered with a smile.




A wild card is what Scarlet is, and the thought of her trying to get close to Blake, for whatever reason, haunted my mind all afternoon, and when the cloud darkened into night hours, I found myself feeling too stressed to fall asleep.




But the further I drifted into my thoughts, the weaker my body became, and I was about to finally doze off to sleep when I heard footsteps in the hallway, getting closer.




Immediately, I got out of bed, walked over to the door, and opened it to see a touch of reticence in Blake's expression as she stared at me.




After she walked into the room, I shut the door, looked back at her, and asked, "What is it? Are we out of milk?"




"No. I didn't fix the drink because my dad texted me." Blake said, walking over to the bed.




After she sat down and didn't finish her statement, I muttered, "Okay, and?"




"He wants both of us to attend the pack meeting a day from tomorrow," Blake let out slowly. 




Not knowing what to say next, I walked over to the bed, sat beside her, and rested my palm on the back of her hand.




The room was quiet for a couple of seconds. Then Blake raised her gaze and mumbled, "What are your plans?"




I studied her gaze and said with a casual tone, "Be precise,"




"You have the wealth to travel to any country in the world, so why settle for such a small, remote state. Don't you have bigger plans?" 




"Like what?"




"I don't know! Something more than this place more teaching"




Cutting Blake off because I knew where this discussion was going, I told her, "I have seen and done it all, and right now, a remote state is exactly where I need to be at this point in my life."




"I see," Blake murmured, sounding a bit disappointed. "I thought"




"What are your plans?"




"I don't know I don't have one right now."




For a couple of seconds, we stared into each other's eyes without saying a word. Then I abandoned her gaze and said, "Find one. You are too young not to have a plan for your life."




My words were followed by silence, and I knew not to lecture her because I wanted the conversation to die.




The quietness dragged on for a while until Blake pushed her hair back and mumbled, "Tomorrow, Loki might suggest that I become next in line to him, and I don't want to inconvenience you by"




"Then you agree with him." I let out, feeling frustrated with myself.




"What?"




"You don't want to be a burden to me because it will take away from our relationship, right?"




"Yeah, but"




"Power can make that happen."




"I know, but you."




"I will be right by your side as your partner and supporter."




Looking hesitant, her eyes bore into mine, and she whispered, "Are you should you are okay with this?"




"Hundred percent," I told her.




Silence fell between us as interest lit up Blake's eyes, and she wrapped her hands around my neck, being so freaking vulnerable with the soft look on her face as she let out, "You are amazing!"




Feeling miserable, I watched her giggle happily and hastily uttered, "Okay. But no matter what, we should enjoy every moment together like as if it's our last!"




Like our last. How could three words mess me up so fast so badly that when Blake suddenly met my mouth with a kiss, I got distracted, and even though I wanted to put in the effort, my thoughts left me numb.




Yet I didn't pull back from her lips. But she did only a few seconds in, looking confused and a bit hurt as she muttered, "Are you okay?"




"Yep," I said.




With uncertainty in her tone, she drew her hands away from my neck and whispered, "Okay I should go, fix my drink."




When Blake stood to walk away, I hugged her from the back, and rested my head against her waist, crawling my hands under her blouse, and hugging her bare stomach.




"Nero," Blake uttered, sounding as if she was holding herself in check.




"Sure. Let's enjoy every moment together like it's our last." I mumbled, kissing the soft skin of her back.


























Who is he
******Luna POV*******





The room was quiet for quite a while as the elders stood around an oval table, and I heard one of them mumble, sounding disappointed, "Where is Blake"




I too was wondering where she was, hoping that she stay the hell there and didn't show her face. But when I looked at my father, he seemed more worried than angry, and that just pissed me off even more.




After he finally sat down at the head of the table, the rest of us took our seats. Then my mother glared at him and said softly, "Your daughter is late."




Swaying his gaze away from my father's fierce stare, Elder Grand focused on the other elders and said, "We all know how reckless Blake has been acting these days. But she can not even show up on tim"




"Watch your mouth, Grand." My father coldly grumbled, throwing him a hard stare.




Silence followed his statement, and the other elders kept a mutual expression on their faces as they gazed at him.




Although no one would dare say it out loud, the pack was about to have an inner war of division, and I hated that this was even happening.




My father has called for a pack meeting, and that is an indirect challenge to my mother because we both know it has always been Blake, and only the fact that she was wolfless stood in the way of my father choosing her over us.




But now, it is clear that my mother and I have to fight for what was handed to me on a silver platter the moment I had my first transformation.




Suddenly, the door flew open, and Blake walked in with Nero by her side, and my eyes were glued to them until I felt Killian touch my thigh, pinching my skin hard, and I felt a sense of chill crept through me as I directed my gaze to the table.




It was awfully silent as Blake and Nero took their seat in the midst of all twenty-four elders, and after a while, I raised my gaze, staring at Blake and meeting her eyes.




Gosh, I detest the sight of her, and how relaxed she looks sitting next to Nero is just outrageous because I knew she is a harlot who always had her eyes on him.




And I know her being with him is her way of defying me, trying to snatch everything that should be mine.




After taking a long look at me, Blake smirked faintly at me with pride in her eyes, and the feeling of hate squeezed my heart tightly in its grips, causing me to dig my nails into my skin until I felt a wet liquid pulling down my finger.




"I called you all here to let you guys know that my daughters have come of age to get more involved with the issue of our pack, and" My father let out calmly, yet his expression was deadass serious.




"We know. But we also know that that's not all to it, right our leader?" Elder Carla asked with a frown.




Eyeing her, I watched her throw my mother a side-eye, and I wasn't the tiniest bit confused because, before this so-called meeting hosted by my father, my mother had a little gathering with those that stand with us.




"Of course, Carla!" My father uttered, sounding pressed. "We all know that I don't have a male heir and have two daughters. Now that they have mates, it's safe to say that they can now be more intimate with the affairs of the pack because sooner than later, one of them will have to take over from me, and..." 




"If this meeting is about our next leader, then it shouldn't be a discussion because we all know that Luna will be just perfect for the position." Elder Carla blurted out, and I just knew my mother programmed her to be her spokesman.




Gazing at Carla, my father's face was ravaged with rage as he looked her dead in the eyes and firmly said, "I don't give a shit about your opinion, so cut me off one more time and!"




Some of the elders slightly cleared their throats and the others seemed focused on nothing other than my father's red eyes.




Even though a minority of the elders wouldn't agree with what he was about to say because of my mother, there was still the majority of the elders who felt the way he did.




"So are you announcing that you have already made up your mind on Blake?"  




"And if our leader did, what's wrong with that?" Elder Oscar asked with a humble tone.




The room immediately grew noisy with all the elders throwing their thoughts in the open, arguing aggressively while we watched in silence. 




"Can you all shut the hell up!" My father finally roared, looking like he was fed up with their noise.




The was still mumbling going on in the room, but when he went into his Alpha state, silence seized the moment, sealing everyone's lips.




"You guys may be elders, but I'm still the leader of this pack, and I wouldn't think twice to put you all in worse conditions if you don't remember your place! So do not test my damn patience!" My father yelled, gazing around the room with bloodthirsty eyes.





After a couple of quiet minutes, he darted his gaze around the room and let out, "As full-grown individuals, how about you learn to take turns to talk!"




No one dared to speak for a couple of seconds, and I glanced over to Blake and Nero, wondering what was going on in her head.




How could he look so annoyingly comfortable with her when he was never like that with me. Karen was right all along. Thinking about that bitch is just as frustrating as looking at Blake because it's her fault that I am stuck with her abusive brother! 




"How can we not want Luna when we have never seen Blake's wolf?" Elder Hall mumbled, pausing with a nervous look on his face. "I will never call my leader or his daughter a liar, but no one has seen her wolf, and it is baffling."




The other elders slowly shook their heads in agreement with him, and I could see the look of hesitation on my father's face.




"It's true. We all know Luna's wolf. She has run with the pack every full moon since her first transformation. But not Blake. How can we trust a leader who we have never seen her wolf?" Elder Tio calmly uttered, almost like he was picking his words wisely.




"We all know the kind of wolf Blake's grandfather is, so if she's anything like him, I will be hundred percent with her being our" Elder Scrolls blurted out, his face turning pale instantly.




The room grew cold as though he had said something forbidden, and when I looked at Blake, she looked just as confused as me, even Nero looked shocked.




"My grandfather?" Blake mumbled, looking at my father with a touch of anger in her eyes. "Loki, what is he talking about?!" 




The death stare that my father gave Elder Scrolls made me realize that those words were not meant for Blake's ears.




What the heck is so special about her that everything about her life has to be some big secret that even she doesn't know about, and yet, it seems like all the elders, including my mother and father, know more than they are telling.




"Who's my grandfather, Loki?!" Blake asked, and I could tell from my father's reluctant gaze that he hated being put on the spot by her.




When he didn't reply, I eyed Blake, and she looked hysterical with a touch of rage glowing in her eyes as she shouted, "Who is he, Loki?!" 








 
I was being blackmailed
The dragging echo of nothing but silence in the room as I waited for Loki to give me an answer about my grandfather was infuriating, and yet, I was patient, hoping that I would not have to lose my damn mind before someone gave me an answer.




But after a couple of prolonged silence, I stood to my feet, looked Loki directly in his eyes, and said, "Nero, get up. We are leaving!"




This wasn't me calling a bluff. My anger was going like a bat out of hell, and I felt like talking to Loki about this now would only make me even more frustrated, and I might do something insane.




Even though rage was the only emotion I felt at that moment, the instant Nero didn't hesitate and woke from his seat, I felt a sense of comfort like I wasn't alone in this mess.




Before all this, I thought I had some kind of identity for myself. The wolfless hybrid whose mother abandoned her, leaving her in the care of the monster and his wife. 




But now, I don't even know who I fucking am anymore, and when I gazed at Nero's alluring eyes, I couldn't help thinking that although there is a lot I don't know about him, at least he's not lying to me like these bunch of hypocrites. 




Darting my gaze away from Nero, I stared around the table at the faces of the elders, and gosh, it was pretty clear that they were all liars. They couldn't even look me in my eyes without a look of nervousness spiking in theirs.




All along, I thought my mother was this self-absorbed woman who didn't give a shit about me, and now, I suddenly find out that I have a grandfather who these deceivers know!




 It is so annoying because now I am wondering and frustrated about just how much of my life and my identity have been ripped from me, and why the heck did they feel the need to hide that aspect of me!




"Are you ready to leave?" Nero whispered, placing his hand on my waist.




Staring at the touch of concern in his gaze, I squeezed my phone to calm my rage and mumbled, "Yeah, the last thing I want is to lead this pac."




"Let's talk in the study!" Loki blurted out, standing to his feet.




"No. I don't think I can trust a single word of yours right now!" I let out in frustration.




At that moment, I caught him eyeing Nero, and within a split second, Nero patted my back, whispering, "If you need an answer, you got to talk to him, but if Umm, you two should talk." 




Although I wanted to leave because my anger was getting in the way of my reasoning, when Nero said those words, I took a moment to hold my breath, stabilizing my heartbeat before giving him a faint smile.




Then I focused on Loki, wondering if the truth is something I was going to get finally, and mumbled, "Fine. Let's talk."




For a second, Nero's grip on my waist got a bit tight before he let go and sat back down in his seat.




Before I followed Loki out the door, I took a quick peek at Nero and then headed out of the room with him.




The walk was silent, and I managed to hold my peace until we got to his office. But the moment Loki locked the study door, I let out, "Who is he?"




"Scrolls was talking about my father, Lon Hayes. Since you don't know, he was a quite powerful leader and Alpha, although most people were scared of him because he ruled with an iron fist." Loki explained, his tone casual and stable.




No words could express my emotions at this point when I lashed out, "Don't you dare try to mess with my head and treat me as a fool!" 




"I will never," Loki said, looking so damn serious as though that was going to make me believe him. "I am sorry I never told you about my side of the family."




The anger that I thought I had control over broke loose, making me so infuriated that I refused to speak for a while because I knew that I was going to explode if I did.




Finally, when I felt a sense of control again, I slowly exhaled and said, "We both know Scrolls wasn't talking about your father, Loki. The atmosphere in that room the moment he uttered those words had nothing to do with Lon Hayes but my mother's father! So let's not act a fool, okay?"




In between a scoff and a smirk, he frowned and mumbled, "Your mother's father? Come on Blake"




"Stop! Stop with the lies, Loki!! I just want to know the truth! So stop toying with my damn emotions!" I screamed so loud, feeling a mild sense of relief afterward.




The room instantly fell silent after my meltdown, and Loki didn't break eye contact with me for quite a while before he let out, "Fine. You were right. It's was your mother's father Scrolls spoke about."




"Okay," I mumbled the only word that I could think about at that moment.




"Scrolls made that remark because your grandfather is an Ultima and your grandmother is a human, which makes your mother a hybrid."




"Oh"




 "You had a fifty-fifty chance of getting your grandmother or grandfather's side of genetics as your mother did. But she, well she was more human than wolf, and never did go through her transformation."




For so long, I have been longing for such a moment, and now that I have a glance at it, I felt numb and my mind went blank because I didn't know how to process everything.




"That's why I never give up on you because an Ultima is a rare kind of breed, and even though your mother wasn't one, I trusted that you were going to have the gene," Loki said with a glint of pride in his expression like he had won a trophy or something. 




"So my grandparents Are they alive? Is my mother with them? Why did you you guys keep their identities from me? Who are they? Do you know where they stay?" I mumbled, putting all my thoughts into words one after the other.




"Wow! Hold up now. Remember, this is a trade. You get information for doing what I want, and so far, I can say, 'it has not been a fair trade on my end."




"Are you kidding me right now!"




"No. I am serious."




The audacity of this devil I called, "Father," is a curse a punishment for whatever the fuck I did in my past life because that's the only logical reason I can think of that won't make me lose my damn mind.




"Now, how about we head downstairs, you behave, and go through your transformation so the elders can be convinced that you are truly your grandfather's bloodline, an Ultima, okay?" Loki said gently, and yet, it felt as though I was being blackmailed.




When I didn't utter a word because I was trying to get past my frustration, Loki let out, "I promise to keep my word to you, Blake. I swear to you. All you have to do is put in the effort in being the pack leader and succeed at it."




"Why are you so obsessed with me running this damn pack? Luna is your daughter too!" I mumbled, knowing once again, that Loki had me tightly in his grip, and escape was not an option.




"Are you willing to go back downstairs and play nice?" 




"Hmm"




He dodged Another question, and I don't think I will even get an honest answer for it at least not today, and the only thing I could do was continue playing Loki's sick game.




But at least it seems not to be in vain so far because I know three family members already that exist. Just a bit longer, and I will be able to find out the truth, hopefully.





###chapter 38
Just how powerful she is
*************Nero POV*************





Each time my shoes tapped against the tiles, the sense of nervousness I felt got the best of me. 




Why they were staying so freaking long was messing with my head, and I kept having these what-if thoughts that were not helping my resentment for Loki and myself.




Since Blake and Loki left, I could feel everyone's eyes on me, and gosh, it was pissing me off even more, and yet I knew this was a piece of the price I had to pay for love and betrayal.




My gaze stayed down the entire time after they left. But when I finally raised my head and drew a breath, Luna and I locked eyes, and she looked hateful, coldly staring into my eyes.





 At that moment, the sound of the door opening got my attention, pulling my gaze toward Loki and Blake as they entered the room.




One look at her eyes and I could tell she was angry and hurt, and for the first time, I despised it. The sadness in her eyes, how vulnerable she looked, and the hint of anger in her expression, I hated.




Yet, in the middle was where I stood because there was only a little I could do for her, and realizing that now, awoke something in me. I felt angry pissed at how helpless I am when it comes to her, but can I choose her over my pack, my father, and my late mother? 




"I am sorry for the little interruption a while back. But everything is okay now, and the meeting can resume." Loki announced with a smirk, and anger stabbed my heart when I saw the prideful look in his eyes.




Drawing my gaze away from him, I stared at Blake as she took her seat beside me, and I wanted to ask her so badly if she was okay, but Loki had his eyes on us, and I knew I had to play his sick game to earn his trust.




However, when Blake looked my way, her eyes dim with darkness, I reached for her hand, squeezing it as I tried to repress my anger when she gave me a weak smile. 




"We all know who Blake's grandfather is, and I can confirm that my daughter is exactly like him," Loki announced loudly.




Quietness escaped the room as the elders began to mumble and stared our way with both fear and doubt clouding their expressions.




Gently, Blake squeezed my hand, and I eyed her, studying her gaze darting as though she was blinking back tears.




"How do we know this claim is real?" Elder Carla declared boldly, yet her eyes told a different story, that she was afraid. "As Elder Hall said, 'no one has seen her wolf, and it is baffling."




"Can you shut the hell up and let me finish, Carla!" Loki lashed out.




The room grew voiceless, and I subconsciously rested my sight on Loretta and Rolex, and the two looked numb with pale faces as they stared at Blake. And I couldn't help wondering what their messed-up minds were thinking.




"Who's we?" Luna blurted out, and my gaze locked with hers. "I don't know who Blake's grandfather is, so can someone fill me up? Who is he?!"




That was the exact question I had in mind. If her grandfather is an Ultima as Loki said, then why didn't her mother fight back I remember why. But honestly, she didn't seem to be an Ultima when I met her, but then again no one knew what Blake was until recently. 




One look at Blake, and I saw a look of hope spike in her eyes as she stared at Luna and then at Loki.




There's so much I didn't know about Blake either, and if it wasn't for that night, I wouldn't have gotten caught up in the list of people who lied to her or know something about her. 




'I wish I didn't go that day.' An intrusive thought unexpectedly slipped into my mind, and I didn't dismiss it because that's how I felt at that moment.




"That's not relevant!" Loki let out.




At that minute, I gazed at Blake and saw the little hope in her eyes die after her father's answer, and I guessed that Loki wasn't honest 

 with her again about the truth.




But to be honest, a part of me doesn't want him to tell her the truth. Yet, I hated that I was aiding him in one of his biggest lies to her, and gosh, it keeps getting fucking difficult to handle every damn day.




"So it's your testimony that she is an Ultima?" Rolex uttered, his face in a tight frown as he glared at Blake




"Not just my testimony. My daughter is going to prove it to you all." Loki declared, smirking boldly. "Just how powerful she is."




Immediately, Blake's grip on my hand got tighter, and when I looked her way, a hint of fear glowed in her eyes as she rested her gaze on mine.




It didn't take long for me to recognize that something was off about Blake. She looked as though she was panicking, and I grew concerned because I could hear the change in her pattern of breathing and the raise in her heartbeat.




Why was she afraid when Loki's request was not something to be scared of. All she had to do was transform, and yet, within a split second, she seemed like the shaky and fragile girl that I met in the classroom, on the floor, in the pool of her blood.




"Blake!" Loki called out, grabbing her attention from me. "Go ahead."




No one spoke and everyone's eyes were on Blake, and I felt her grip getting even tighter around my hand as though it was her way of screaming, "help me, please!" and yet, I didn't know how to do that in the midst of all the important people in her pack that I needed to trust me.




"Blake!" Loki let out harshly this time around.




There was a brief pause, and I looked toward Loretta, noticing the corner of her lips form a half-smile as her gaze remained glued to Blake.




"I can't do it!" Blake blurted out, tears trailing down the corners of her eyelids. "She won't let me."




You must be kidding me! Is the moon goddess trying to fuck me over? This is bizarre, and I knew that shit was going to get ugly for Blake, and I would have to choose her again.




A faint noise arose in the room, and the whisper wasn't much of a whisper because we all could hear the mocking statement they spoke beneath their breath about Blake.




"What do you mean by she's not letting you?!" Loki asked with a rough tone, his eyes showing impatience within them.




"My wolf. She doesn't agree to show herself. She refuses, and I can't change her mind or force her." Blake mumbled, lowering her head.








To Death 
Luna POV




At first, I thought Blake was acting about her not having control over her wolf. But then I saw a look in her eyes that I have seen in the past.




It's a look that tells that she is helpless and scared, and that's when I realized that this was real. She was genuinely afraid, and I couldn't stop my lips from pulling upward in a smirk.




Imagine believing that you have lost every damn thing, and then realizing that your opponent is just a sad, unstable mess, who can't even control her wolf. It felt too surreal to believe and yet it was happening right before my eyes.




Gosh, I feel so pathetic right now for even being bothered by her. But to be honest, she had us all fooled, believing that there was something special about her. 




Swaying my gaze from Blake's teary eyes, I looked at Nero, and the first thing that crossed my mind was, 'Are you regretting choosing a weak bitch over me.'




"Blake, this is no place for jokes!" My father let out, and I held in my urge to sneer because I knew if Blake messed up, I would be his only choice, and I didn't want to offend him.




My attention drew to Blake again, and I watched her dry her eyes with the back of her hand, realizing that her other hand was not moving.




Anger was all I felt when I looked at Nero and understood that he was holding onto her hand with this look of raw concern in his expression.




What the fuck does he see in her! Even now, he still has that same stupid touch of desire for her in his eyes like always, even after knowing the truth about her. But, he was quick to dismiss me over a simple lie.




Yet, he seems like he is ready to stand by Blake, even after learning that this bitch can not even control her wolf. 




She's not fucking special. How blind can he be to not see that! Or is this about how good she is in bed? Is sex with her that good that he allowed himself to be stupidly wrapped around her fingers?




"I think I should leave," Blake mumbled, grabbing my attention with her words.




"You are not leaving here until you go through your transformation and prove to everyone in this damn room just who you are!" My father yelled, hitting his fist on the table.




A glint of fear clouded Blake's eyes, and yet, she raised her head, letting out boldly, "What part of she refused to show herself don't you understand, Loki!"




"Stop with the damn lies, Blake; who the fuck doesn't have control over their own wolf!" My father uttered in a rough tone, looking pissed with bitterness dimming his eyes.




"Apparently, I don't! Okay! And there's nothing I can do about it. Can you understand that, Loki?!"




"Is this your way of humiliating me, you little"




"I don't need to lie to humiliate you! You do that on your own."




This was brutal, and I couldn't help enjoying every second of it, seeing my father lose his shit after all the humiliation he had put my mother and me through is just the most beautiful thing, especially when it's because of Blake that he was this mad. 




The thing about Blake is that she has always been a piece of work that didn't know when to shut up until she got seriously injured, and the way things were going, I say my father was going to hurt her pretty bad if she didn't shut her hole.




 In a second, the elders began to become bolder with their words as they whispered to each other, and none of them seemed to be pleased with Blake's tone and words either.




A moment like this, I never thought was possible. But somehow, everything was happening again in my favor, and I have never been so freaking pleased with fate in my entire life as I was now.




"Blake, do you take this pack or us as a joke!" My mother let out angrily, and I guess she felt it was safe now to intervene without getting a backlash from my father.




"Can I leave now?!" Blake asked, ignoring my mother's words.




Swaying my gaze to uncle Rolex and my mother, I saw hate in their gaze, and even though they both didn't speak, I knew they wanted to put Blake in her place so badly.




"No!" My father harshly uttered, a look of darkness ceasing his expression. "I don't give a fuck what we have to do to get her to show herself, but you are not leaving until that happens!"




Looking drained and annoyed, Blake scowled and blurted in a mocking tone, "You have to try to kill me then if that's what you want," 




Immediately after she uttered those words, her face grew pale, and I could tell she wanted to retract her response. But they were already out in the open, and when I looked at my father, he seemed to be seriously considering her words.




Suddenly he stood to his feet, smiling stiffly at Blake, and then announced, "New rule! A fight to the death between my daughters. The winner becomes the next leader of our pack!"




It took me a couple of seconds to accept that those words just came from my father's mouth, and yet, a part of me still couldn't believe he said them.




"Loki, you are sick!" Blake shouted, clutching her brows.




But my father ignored her reaction and stared at me, calmly uttering, "What do you say, daughter? How far are you willing to go to prove that you want to rule this pack." 




This piece of shit. I can't believe he is using me to get Blake's wolf out of her shell. But this was the exact opportunity I have been waiting for my entire life not to prove myself in order to lead the pack but to kill Blake.




One look into my father's eyes and I knew that he was aware of that how badly I hated Blake, and he was using that to his advantage. Yet, this was a game I was willing to play because I was certain about winning.




"To the death?" I asked to make sure that I was going to get exactly what I wanted.




"To the death," Loki said with the utmost seriousness in his tone.




As I was about to answer, I heard Elder Hall whisper, "This is insane."




"Does anyone wish to defile my words?!" My father harshly announced, looking at the faces around the table. "Speak now or shut the fuck up!" 




The room grew awfully quiet, and I gazed at Nero, wondering what was going on in his head because he looked expressionless and had not uttered a single word since all this started.




"No one?!" Loki called out in a fierce tone. "Okay then, the new rule is final!"




"If that's the case, I don't mind a fight to the death," I uttered, meeting Blake's eyes.




When I didn't get a reaction from her, I gave a half-smile and asked, "Sister, what do you say?"





Let's do this
Blake POV

I was staring at Loki, and it was so hard to believe how mentally ill he has become, and yet it felt normal that he would suggest something this sick. 




Because of the past couple of times, he had been nice to me, I kind of forgot just how brutal he can be and why I had called him, "monster," in the past.




But it's moments like this that wake me up from my stupidity and show me the devil in Loki that makes me hate him to the core with everything in me.




After all the mumbling I have heard so far from the elders, no one in the room was on my side, except Neron. But his silence was making me question if he was willing to risk himself for me. 




To be honest, I didn't want him putting himself in a crossfire because of me. If he gets hurt and it's my fault, I don't think I will ever forgive myself.




So yeah, I rather he stays quiet because I know what Loki is like when he gets pissed, and I don't want Nero in any way involved with this situation.




"What's wrong, sis? Afraid that I am going kick your ass?" Luna mocked with a smirk on her face.




It was pretty clear that she was enjoying Loki's sick rule since I have been on her and her mother's death list for quite a while. And what better way that can happen, than by this golden opportunity Loki had laid before them.




As I was about to speak, fear squeezed the air out of my lungs when Nero woke from his seat and uttered, "Let's get out of here."




It would have been a sweet gesture if my father wasn't a maniac, who looked bloodthirsty as he glared at Nero before fixing his cold gaze on me.




A part of me wanted to sit there and be obedient to Loki, so he wouldn't take out his anger on Nero. But I couldn't because when I looked into Nero's eyes he seemed deadass serious when he commanded, "Get up." 




Slowly, I woke from my seat, striving not to freak out and smile to soften the tension between us. Yet within, I was terrified afraid of what Loki's next move would be because Nero was openly defiling him.




In the past, if I did something like this, I would be bleeding badly within less than a second because of Loki, and I fear that now the truth about my wolf is out, he might not care that much to consider my feelings or listen to me when it comes to him hurting Nero.




"You don't want to cross me!" Loki uttered in a fierce tone.




Knowing immediately that that was a threat, I squeezed Nero's hand, sinking my teeth into my bottom lip when he met my eyes.




It was so freakin frustrating that of all the times, my wolf chose this moment to mess with me, and I was trying so freaking hard to make a connection with her, but it was of no use because she refused to establish a link with me.




"I am not crossing you. But whoever thinks Blake and Luna fighting to the death would be a fair battle is sick in the head, especially when she had already told you all that her wolf refused to show itself." Nero let out without breaking eye contact with Loki.




Gosh, he was making me panic so freaking bad because I know the full extent of Loki's power, and I have seen what Nero's wolf is capable of doing. 




The last thing I want is these two clashing with each other since someone will die if that happens, and I am not willing to risk Nero's life for mine because even if he did win the fight, he would not leave this room alive.




"You are overstepping your boundary here. You better watch the next filth that comes out of your mouth before I teach you how to properly act in my presence!" Loki uttered, and the thirst to kill was the only aura I felt from him.





"I will fight Luna!"  I blurted out, knowing I was sentencing myself.




"Don't just say any stupid thing that comes to mind!" Nero calmly said, and yet, his expression told me he was annoyed with me.




But I would rather he be irritated with me than him being hurt. So I pulled my hand out of his grip and met his eyes, uttering, "I can feel my wolf now."




The way his brows furrowed at those words made it clear that he didn't believe me. Yet, I wasn't ready to back down just yet, so I raised my shoulders along with my chin and said with confidence, "I want to fight Luna. You should know that she's not something that I can't handle."




The noise that arose after my statement was filled with insults from the elders about my arrogance and insanity, and they were not wrong because that's how I felt too. But I refuse to allow my expression to portray what I was feeling on the inside.




"I will give you credit for being the stupidest bitch I have ever known!" Luna let out as she woke from her seat, throwing me a death stare.




Nothing yet. My wolf was suppressing every bit of connection I am trying to make with her. I guess she really was abandoning me to get my ass whipped by Luna.




With a hint of concern in his eyes, Nero grabbed my hand as I was about to walk away from my seat. But I pulled my fingers out of his grip and mumbled, "I got this."




What a fat lie! My audacity was going to be the death of me, and yet, I was okay with that as long as Nero didn't have to get injured.




After walking away from the table, I approached Luna, holding in my breath with every step I took until we were facing each other. Then I slowly inhaled and mumbled, "Let's do this."





The moment her eyes changed their color, I shut my eyelids, squeezing them tightly.

It didn't take long before I felt her fist collide with my throat with a vigorous force that made me lose gravity, sending me to the floor.




When I landed on my stomach, on the dirty tiles, I gasped for air, coughing aggressively as I choked on my blood, enduring an agonizing pain that surged through my esophagus. 




For a while, my vision was dim, and I felt nausea. So I remained resting on the floor, battling the pain within.




"Get up, bitch! One hit and you have already given up!" Luna scoffed loudly. "How the hell did you even get the chance to hurt Karen if this is the best you can give!?"




Dismissing her words, my lips parted, and I stared at my blood dripping from my mouth onto the floor as I tried to fully regain consciousness.




Finally, I was able to push through the pain, ignoring my tears as they fell to the tile, mixing with my blood, and I stood from the tile.




Even though I tried to avoid Nero's gaze, our eyes locked for a second before I faced Luna, and I tried to prepare myself for her second hit because I still didn't feel my wolf.




Smirking, she folded her finger into a fist as she let out, "I guess I don't have to transform to beat the shit out of you. Also, it will not be a fair fight since you are just a weak bitch!"




Still, there was no connection from my wolf, and at this point, I thought she was forsaking me to my doom. So I shut my eyes again, preparing myself for Luna's second hit. But it felt like forever as I stood there, waiting without feeling anything.
Stay away from me
Nero POV




Finally, it was clear as broad daylight as I stood between Blake and Luna with Luna's wrist in my grip that there was no way I could be mutual in this situation.




It was either Blake or everyone else, and now I know it was her because I would have never risked everything for someone who meant nothing to me. 




I mean, I did try to make myself believe that I could but seeing her tears and blood woke up a rage that I have never felt before, and as I stared at Luna struggling to pull her hand out of my grip, my fingers only got tighter around her wrist.




My wolf was awake, and the smell of Blake's blood was making him aggressive. I have never felt my wolf this out of control before, and it was becoming hard to suppress him and mask my scent at the same time because all he wanted was to be set free.




"Let her go," I heard Blake say, and yet,  her word meant nothing until she raised her voice, "Nero, stop!" 




She sounded scared but more pissed, and I didn't understand why she was angry with me when all I was doing was defending her.




Then I took my focus off Luna and subconsciously looked at Loki, and finally, it clicked why Blake was scared. He was in his Alpha state, so was Rolex, and even Loretta looked prepared to attack.




"Who the fuck do you think you are!" Loki roared.




The dude looked thirsty for blood my blood, and that only excited my wolf. This was it. I could finish him here and now.




'What about Blake?!' Was the only thought that came to mind when I was considering the idea of killing Loki.




His wolf was nothing to fear, and the monster in me could tear him to shreds within less than a couple of minutes. It wouldn't even take an hour to get the job done.




That's why I was the one who went on the mission in the first place and not my father because of my monster of a wolf, even though I was just a teen. 




And yet, the thought of repeating a past mistake especially in front of Blake again is something I can never live with, not in a million years, even if killing that person is something I desperately want to do right now.




So I slowly withdrew my fingers from around Luna's skin as I struggled against my wolf, and let out, "Stay!"




Her brows pulled together tightly as she glared at me while I took a step back, and when I was standing by Blake, I darted my gaze around the room and finally rested my eyes on Loki's killer stare before uttering, "I am going to take her home now."




Lacing my finger with hers, I swayed my gaze to her frightening eyes and said out loud, "As you all can see, she just took a blow to the throat and her wolf is still not here, so before she actually gets murdered to prove a point to you all, I will be leaving with her now."




"What a fucker!" Loki scoffed with a smirk. "Just because you have a few dollars more than me, you think it's your place to disrespect me in the presence of my pack and think it will be okay to walk away. Like I would let you"




"Dad, please, no," Blake mumbled, shaking her head with fear dancing in her wet eyes.




Dragging his gaze off me, Loki looked directly at her and pressed on his word as he strongly uttered, "Shut the fuck up, Blake!" 




"Which do you prefer! Blake dying to prove a point to you, or her getting to live?" I uttered, losing grip on my anger. "What use is a dead daughter to you?!"




"If she can not transform then she's of no fucking use to me! Got it! So you either step back or I will make you back off!"




"Really?"




Within a split second, Blake was fighting to break free from my grip, and that only made me hold onto her tighter.




It's crazy how much sense of logic I lost at that moment. As I said from the beginning, Loki knew my wolf and my scent because I broke into his house with a pack of wolves, and there is no way he doesn't recognize my scent, and my wolf because that's the only form of me he knows.




So, if I am to fight Loki, that means I have to transform, and if I shift into a wolf, my battle with him has to be to the death because if he lives, my cover is blown.




"Let me go, Nero," Blake whispered, her cheek wet as tears ran from her eyes.




"We are going home, and it's final!" I lashed out at her.




A laugh echoed into the room, and when I looked at Loki, he grew silent as rage glowed in his eyes. That's when I knew shit was about to get real, and yet, I was certain that there was no way in the bloody hell that I was going to let Blake get hurt.




Standing my ground, I watched Loki slowly drag his nails into the table, and when the sound finally stopped, his clothes started to shred off him, exposing the furs on his skin.




Within a couple of minutes, I was staring into the eyes of a brown wolf and didn't flinch.  However, when he charged at me, my protective instinct kicked in, and I shoved Blake to the right.




But that made it difficult for me to get out of the way before Loki's wolf paw viciously hit my chest, his claws tearing right through my shirt into my flesh and splitting it open, exposing the second layer of my skin.




The wound was nastier than I expected, and when I finally balanced myself from falling because of the force he struck me with, I drew my hand away from my chest and my gaze rested on my palm which was soaked with my blood.





"What the hell is wrong with you, Loki!" Blake screamed, and following her words, a roar echoed from her lips.




In that instant, I gazed at her, looking deep into her red eyes, and I realized that he had messed up pretty bad.




The pain I felt suddenly faded because I was distracted by her transformation, and my head kept raising upward slowly until I was staring at the face of a white Ultima, and her eyes had no soul behind them.




"What is that?!" Luna cried, taking a step back only to stumble over her foot and fall on her ass, and yet, her eyes were still glued to Blake.




Within a flash, the elders had all run out of their seats, and they were back up in one corner of the room, clasping against each other.




"That's not possible," Rolex whispered to his sister as he pulled her back slowly, away from Blake.




As I center my gaze back on Blake's wolf, she snarled with her eyes focused on Loki, and slowly, his tail lowered between his ass.




But his humbleness didn't seem to thrill Blake, and within a blink of an eye, she sped for him, grabbing him by the neck area, and dragged him to the wall, slamming him into the solid concrete.




As I watched his wolf drop to the ground with bloody fur, there was no doubt that he was going to die at her hands if this didn't stop.




Lowering her mouth towards his body, Blake snapped and then took a step back, away from him. But after a few minutes, when Loki finally pulled himself off the floor, she was onto him again.




And the moment Blake had Loki's wolf neck in the grip of her mouth, she swung him by the throat and let go of him. 




And I watched Loki's wolf fly across the room, crashing into the table and breaking it beneath him.




"Oh my, she's going to murder him!" Loretta screamed, her eyes filled with horror as she broke down in tears. "Her own father!" 




Slowly, Blake took a step toward Luna, sniffing aggressively and growling under her breath, and I heard Luna cry in a whisper, "Stay away from me."




A massacre was what I was about to witness. This was not only about Loki. Blake and her wolf felt hostility toward everyone in this room, except me. That's why she refused to show herself.




I think it was her way of protecting Blake from the trauma the nightmare of her murdering those that she despise so much that have hurt and abused her.




Ultima has a taste for blood, and once they have a bit of it, there's no telling how far they are willing to go to satisfy that thirst.




If anyone knew Blake more than any of us and how she is, it was her wolf, and I think she had been protecting Blake all this while from the damage she could cause to herself and others. But how did Blake get her to show herself? 




"Stay the fuck away from me!" Luna screamed, grabbing my attention, and I stared at the tears rushing from her eyes, wondering what the hell I was going to do.

 




I am proud of you
"Stay the hell away from me!" Luna shouted, finally jumping from the tile as Blake got closer.




Her scream was so deafening that it hurt my ears a bit. But my pain and annoyance were the least of my concern as I watched Luna try to make a run for it only to get whacked fiercely in the back by Blake's wolf arm.




I could only imagine the force of the blow as Luna flew a few distances before meeting the wall harshly, her head slammed into the concrete, and then she hit the floor.




Blood immediately started rolling from her ears, mouth, and nose as she lay there, and when I noticed that she wasn't moving, my heart stopped for a second, wondering how traumatic that was going to be for Blake. After all, she and Blake share the same father, and they are blood, despite their conflict.




Finally, Luna's finger wiggled and a moan echoed from her lip. But her eyes remained closed and other than her fingers, nothing else was moving.




It wasn't hard to tell her wounds were more internal than external, and with how huge Blake's wolf is, I knew that her injuries were nothing less than serious.




"You fucking bastard!!" Loretta yelled, struggling to break free from her brother's arm, who wasn't letting her go. "I will send you to hell! Where you belong!!"




"Stop provoking it!" Rolex lashed out at her, in a thunderous tone. "You are going to get yourself kill and take me with you!" 





Fear was the only aura I was getting from Rolex and Loretta, even though their eyes displayed a look of hate and their lips were within a tight pout.





Neither of them was helping this situation with their screaming, and it didn't take long for Blake's wolf to turn her head towards them.




For a couple of minutes, she glared at Loretta and Rolex before she stared back at Luna, and I think she was waiting for her to wake up like Loki did before she could strike again. 




But when she didn't move, Blake's wolf turned to Loretta and Rolex and snarled, walking away from Luna's direction and heading towards them.




A look of desperation clouded Rolex's eyes, and within a split second, they shifted into yellow as his transformation began.




Suddenly, Blake's wolf stopped, but I don't think she did because she was afraid. It seemed more like she was waiting for him to complete his transformation to make it somewhat a fair fight.




When Rolex finally did, an earsplitting growl from her echoed in the room with a force of raw dominance, and I watched Rolex's wolf take a couple of steps back slowly before growling aggressively. 




But his howl was a cry out for help, and I knew I had to get Blake back to herself, or else the floors of this mansion were going to be soaked with Blood.




Within less than three minutes, I knew my guess was right when I heard a "Bang!" on the door, and its wood frame came falling to the ground, crashing on the tiles with a loud, "Bang!" 




In the doorway, I saw twelve wolves, walking into the room, growling and snarling aggressively as they stared at Blake.




Now, she was in the middle of Twelve wolves and Rolex's wolf. But that wasn't all because shortly after, Loretta shifted, growling at Blake with bloodthirsty blue eyes.




The elders and Killian in the corner of the room didn't seem to be willing to leave their posts or get involved with the fight, so it was fourteen against one. 




In no way was this going to be a fair fight, and I didn't know if I could trust Blake to handle them all. 




But before I could think things through, a wolf growled and ran for Blake. When he got closer, he jumped off the floor, attacking her in the chest, his teeth buried in her flesh. 




My eyelids stretched wide open when she struggled a little and then bit into the back of his spine and snapped his neck, sending chills down my spine when I heard the sound.




When Blake released his body out of her mouth, the room grew still before the sound of him hitting the floor echoed in our ears.




At that moment, I stared at Blake's bloody mouth and a gruesome memory flashed in my head of myself, and I knew that this wasn't what I wanted for her. The nightmares and the torture of memories were not what I want her to live with. 




Deliberately, I made eye contact with her and tried to find the window to her soul in them. Yet, there was nothing but darkness in her alluring eyes, and it was clear that her wolf was realizing the extent of its full power which means she could wipe out everyone here.




Now, I wasn't worried that she couldn't handle them all. But I was scared that she was going to do it and regret it later on, or that she was going to change greatly afterward. But whatsoever the case was, I am not really to lose the Blake that I fell for, not today, not ever.




After a couple more seconds of silence, the sound of growling started echoing from the remaining thirteen wolves, and immediately, Blake faced them.




As they grumbled with force at her, she snarled and crouched backward ready to pounce on them with her furs standing erect on her back.





"Do not fucking advance towards her, if you love your damn life!" I yelled, clutching onto my chest as the pain from my wound tore through me.




Swaying my gaze away from Blake, I looked at Rolex and let out, "Tell them to stay the fuck back! Now!"




With his yellow eyes on mine, his wolf's ears erected, and its fur bristled. Then his lips curled up or pulled, displaying his incisors. But after a few seconds, his expression softened, and he growl gently, tucking his tail between his legs as he made his body look small.




That was a sign of submission, and once he did that, the twelve wolves slowly took a couple of steps back, lowering their heads as they whimpered.




Now, the only person that seemed hesitant was Loretta. But when Rolex snarled at her, she snapped back before backing away from Blake and standing behind him.




My gaze danced around the room and finally rested on Loki, who was still laying on the broken table in his human form, naked and curled up in a ball.




He seemed conscious and badly injured with bloodstained on his skin. But his chest was still rising and falling slowly.




Swaying my gaze off him, I stared at the elders and Killian, focusing solely on him a second later before looking back on Blake.




"How about we get out of here, huh?" I mumbled as I ambled toward her.




As I was getting closer to Blake, she laid her ears back flat against her head, looking defensive, as though she didn't want to listen to me.




But I kept advancing, pushing aside my pain until I was a foot from Blake. Then I raised my palm towards her and calmly uttered, "Please,"




The rage in Blake's gaze started to die down a little, and her head slowly lowered towards my hand until her nose was resting against the skin of my palm.




Gently, I stroked Blake's wolf fur, watching the bloodthirsty look in her eyes fade and her expression softened gradually.




Finally, her entire body lowered as her lips and ears drew back, and she arched her back and tucked her tail.




With my focus solely on her, I faintly smiled as she reverted to her human form, and when her body dropped into my arm, I kept her in my grip while struggling to take out my coat hand one after the other.




No one in the room moved or uttered a word the entire time, and I could tell by their body language that none of them planned to advance or attack.




After taking out my coat, I dressed Blake in it, feeling annoyed a bit that it was stained with blood, but glad that it was long enough to cover her properly.




"Are you okay?" Blake whispered, her eyes fixed on my chest.




"Yes," I mumbled, forcing a half-smile, even though Loki's nails really went deep in me, and my healing process was a bit slower than usual.




Resting her palm on my cheek, she caressed it as she cried out,  "I'm sorry." 




"Don't be," I mumbled, brushing my finger against her bottom lip. "I am proud of you!"




 "You are?"




"Mmmhmm!"




"I didn't scare you?"




Leaning toward her ear, I kissed it gently and whispered, "Of course not."




That was a lie. I was afraid, scared of the day to come that I would be one of the people she hates, and a brutal moment like this will be possible between her and me.




But if I am to die, I rather it's by her hands than anyone else because then I can feel at peace at last, even though I know it's a selfish thought. 



###chapter 39
Someone died
***************Jason POV**********




It feels like I am losing Nero bit by bit. I had always thought we were close, but it's like I never knew the entire him, and only perceived the side of him he wanted me to experience.




A saddened sense of frustration circled through me as I stared at his number on my screen, wondering if I should call him because we haven't talked for days. 




Ever since he took Blake and left me to handle Scarlett, I have become a freaking babysitter, and she's not talking to me either, even though she's staying in my suite.




The things I do from Nero is fucking annoying Giving up my personal space and sleeping on the couch should be my breaking point, but I don't even know what my damn breaking point is at this moment.




After all, I gave up Blake for him, and now, I am stuck with Scarlett who is bossy as fuck, and Harley is not speaking to me either.




Suddenly, I have become just a customer than a friend to her since I brought Scarlett in, and I don't think I am helping my case either by avoiding her.

But what else can I do? It's not like I can tell her the truth and fix things between us. I don't even know what her friendship means to me.




"Why do I care about everything and everyone!" I mumbled beneath my breath, feeling pissed at myself.




"What are you talking about now?" Scarlett let out.




And I swayed my gaze away from the ceiling and looked to my left to see her glaring at me from the other couch.




"Look who finally decided to speak! I thought you were deaf and dumb for these past days?" I scoffed before looking back at the ceiling.




"You know I can kick your ass, right?!"




"Bossy bitch!"




"What did you call me!?" 




Hearing the anger in her tone, I smirk at the thought of her being pissed because she had been so annoying for the past few days.




"I called you a 'bossy bitch!' Also, you should know not just anyone can become a beta to an Alpha, so watch your words and threat." I mumbled, eyeing her for a second.




"You and I know Nero wasn't going to let anyone become his beta, except you. So do not kiss your own ass. It's not a pretty look on you." Scarlett uttered, sounding so proud of her words.




"Can you book a flight and go back home?"




"Not until Nero accomplished his task. Our leader needs to know if plan B will be needed since plan A"




"What plan B?!"




When silence followed my question, I sat up immediately and let out, "What plan B, Scarlett."




With a half-smile on her face, she rolled her eyes and mocked, "Wouldn't you like to know." 




"Yes! I would like to know!" I uttered, despite knowing that she was taunting me.




"Unfortunately, it's not for your ears."




"Scarlett, don't do anything stupid!"




"Nero is the one being ridiculous here by screwing around with that girl! I think he left his brain back home!"




"You don't understand!"




"Oh, I do."




Looking her directly in her eyes, I hardened my face and warned, "Scarlett, you don't know what you are talking about or have the slightest idea of what you are messing with!"




"Since you are such a smart ass, then tell me what the hell he sees in her to fuck everything up like this!"




"I think she's the one!"




"What?!"




When I saw the look of hurt in Scarlett's eyes, I knew those words were not supposed to escape my lips, and I tried to fix it by saying, "What I meant is that"




But she interrupted me and let out, saying, "Plan B is to break them up, so he can focus on getting the fucking job done! And I think it is time I do just that!"




"Scarlett, wait" I said as she stood from the couch. "Where do you think you are going?"




"I think I have waited a bit longer than I should to introduce myself to Blake?"




"You don't want to piss up Nero like this!"




"I don't take command from Nero or you, but his father!!"




This was getting way more serious than I expected, and I rushed from my seat, grabbing her by the arm as she was about to walk off.




"Don't do this!" I mumbled pleadingly.




Scarlett turned her head and glared at me, looking down at my fingers around her arm before grimacing back at my eyes.




"Why?" She uttered with a look of bitterness on her face.




"We both know that you are not doing this because of the mission, but your selfish intention," I uttered calmly, choosing those words carefully so I wouldn't offend her.




"How can one be so wrong and yet right at the same time."




"Scarlett,"




"Nero doesn't belong to her. He's only going to hurt himself with her in his life, and I am not going to stand back and allow him to self destroy his life. Also, this is more about the mission than my feelings for him."




Annoyed, I lashed out at her, "If it's more about the mission!!! If you are doing this because of whatever task Nero has to accomplish, then you should know that plan B will only cause problems for him, and you are only going to hurt his plans."




"Nero had strayed off the path of his plan a long time ago, and he was the only one who wanted that strategy in the first place. The order has always been, 'Wiped them all up!" Scarlett said, furrowing her brows.




"Scar!"




"I am not going to allow him to mess this up for the second time. If he had not intervened the first time, I would have done my job then, and Blake wouldn't be alive to ruin his life like this!" 




Now, I was confused, and the more I tried to make sense of shit, it became more complicated, and that send my anger off the chart!"




"What does that even mean?!" I cried out in desperation. 




"Let go of my arm," Scarlett uttered, looking impatient as she yanked her hand only to make me tighten my grip on her.




"No fucking way! Now, tell me what the heck happened on the last mission you and Nero when on!"




"Jason!"




"Looking back now, Nero wouldn't talk about it to me back then no matter how much I asked, and he seemed depressed for quite a while! What happened that day, Scarlett?!"




"Someone died, and it fuck him up for some reason. Now let go of me!!" 




"Who?!"




"Let go of my hand, Jason!! Don't make me tear down this suite and put Nero in some serious financial obligation." 




"Who died that day, Scarlett?! Why did it mess him up! Why wouldn't you two just be honest with me for once! Damn it!!" 




Slowly, my fingers let go of her arm when I noticed her eyes shifting color, and I took a moment, staring into her yellow eyes before withdrawing my hand to my side.




"Don't do this," I mumbled, hoping that I would help change her mind.




"Only our leader can call this off, and unfortunately, he gave me that order a long time ago, and I was simply giving Nero the benefits of the doubt," Scarlett said with this stubborn look in her eyes that told me this was happening and I can not stop it.




Silently, I watched her walk away, and once the door shut closed behind her, I rushed towards the closet, and took out a shirt, wearing it over my underwear before rushing out of the suite.




When I got to the lobby, Scarlett was already walking out of the front door, and I subconsciously shouted, "Can you stop and let's talk about this!"




Yet, my words did nothing to stop her from walking out that door, and after she did, I was about to chase her, when I froze and looked back, meeting Harley's eyes.




But she immediately looked the other way, and I felt myself hesitating for a moment before chasing Scarlett out the door.




When I arrived outside, she was nowhere in sight, and I had to run back into the hotel because I left my wallet in my suite.




Out of desperation, I did something idiotic. I ran over to the counter to Harley and asked, "Can I borrow fifty bucks? I will repay you later."




"Seriously?" Harley scoffed, giving me a look of pure disbelief.




"I'm sorry. But it's very important."




"She is very important. Got it!"




"That's not it."




As I watched her reach for her purse, I could only wonder what was going on in her head because I was too afraid to ask just what she thought about me.




"Here!" Harley let out a bit harshly, resting the fifty dollars bill on the table. 




"I'm sorry," I mumbled, reaching for the money.




"You know what hurts? I don't even know what you are sorry about. That suck."




"I Thanks for this."




How could I explain what I was sorry about if I too didn't know exactly what I was apologizing for? 




For a moment, I studied her eyes, and then walked away, ignoring her voice when she said in a whisper, "I told you to stop being wishful, Harley."

















Who was in control 
Blake POV





My hands were trembling as I tried to keep a steady grip on the steering wheel, and after every couple of seconds, I would look over at Nero, wondering if he was okay, even though we were just from the hospital.





"The doctor said that no important organ was impacted," Nero said when our eyes locked for a moment. "Blake, I am fine. I just have some scars that will fade in a few days."





Giving him a faint smile, I nodded my head slightly before focusing on the road. But I was not convinced because of how bloody his shirt was, even though it was dry bloodstains.





After what happened between Loki and him, I was relieved, really, and yet, it was difficult to get rid of that feeling that he could have died because of me, and that was something I didn't want to face, not right now.





"Why didn't you defend yourself?" I mumbled, clutching onto the steering wheel as I tried to calm myself down. "I have seen your wolf, Nero. You could have fought back if you wanted to, so why would you let Loki hurt you like that?"





"You wanted me to attack your father in his territory, and maybe end up killing him? Does that sound like a smart choice, Blake, huh?!" Nero asked with a hint of nervousness in his voice.





Swaying my gaze towards him, I took a long look at his calm eyes and sigh, mumbling, "No. You are right! It would have been stupid of you."





Right now, I was freaking out inside because there were so many emotions crowding in me, and I didn't know how much longer I could hold on before breaking down.





What happened today was all my fault, not my wolf. Because I was feeding off my hate, and I want... I wanted to kill them all for every damn thing that they did to me.





Never in my life did I know I had such darkness inside of me until at that exact moment when I felt the weight of the humiliation, the pain, feeling vulnerable and pathetic why I was being mocked and defeated by my abusers.





That moment made me channel power from raw animosity, forcing a bond with my wolf that she had to submit to, against her will, and that's when I realized exactly who was in control between her and me. 





My entire life till this point, I always saw myself as a victim, and not until that very moment when I put on the role of a true rogue that I took full power of my wolf.





During that entire fight, we were still separate beings, but I had the power to make her do what I wanted without her consent.





And if not for Nero, I would not have stopped until my anger had subsided with their blood because I was completely in control of her in control of what was happening.





"Blake," Nero interrupted my thoughts and brought me back to reality. "How did you get her to show up?"





"Who?" I asked without looking at him.





"Your wolf."





"I don't know... Maybe seeing you get attacked triggered her. After all, you are my alpha, and the bond is there, even if I am the only one who knows it."





"The thing is..."





"What?"





"Nothing,"





Darting my gaze away from the windshield, I looked into Nero's eyes and saw worry and concern written all over his face.





But how could I tell him the truth, that I have tapped into a side of me that was dark, and it scared the shit out of me because that part of me isn't something that should ever be allowed to be used and abused?





A lot of things frightened me at the moment. But there was one thing that was scarier than any other and that's the thought of Nero seeing me any different than the Blake he knows.





It was already difficult enough as it is with the fact that I was not convinced that he wouldn't reject me again because his curse has yet to be broken, and we are not linked as we should be.





So, right now, it was not the time for me to start changing on him when our bond is so weak, even though I could feel the shift happening in me slowly, and I could sense my wolf a bit more timid than before to my presence.





After a couple of silent seconds, I felt Nero's gaze on me, and he let out, "I am sorry, Blake." 





"For what?" My voice came out in a whisper as my lips trembled.





Nero shifted uncomfortably on his seat before replying, "For not defending you properly. I should have done more."





"How many stitches on your wounds did you get?" I asked softly, hoping he wouldn't notice the tremble in my voice.





"Quite a few stitches," Nero replied with a faint chuckle. 





"Okay then, don't apologize to me after getting your skin ripped open while trying to defend me. if you do, I'll never forgive you."




"Well..."





Suddenly, Nero took my free hand in his grip, lacing my fingers with his, and kissed the back of my hand.





My breath got caught in my throat, and I felt my heart skip a beat as I glanced away from the road and looked at him, feeling hot in my cheeks.





"Are you okay?" Nero asked, breaking the silence. "After what you went through back there-"





"I am fine... Well, I am going to be." I answered, clearing my throat.





Until this very moment, I had been acting tough, but now that I was free from the rage that stimulated my ability, I have been freaking out when flashes of the images of that brutal scene hunted my mind.





"Do you think... Loki and Luna..." I whispered hesitantly, glancing back at him.





"Although they seemed badly hurt, they are going to recover," Nero said calmly, squeezing my hand as reassurance.





Smiling weakly, I took a deep breath, and then said, "My biggest concern now is that I might have just made myself an enemy of the pack, and how the fuck is Loki going to tell me about my mother or my grandfather now when I almost killed his daughter and him!?" 





When Nero didn't say anything for a second, I sighed once again and continue driving, knowing that it was better if I don't talk about this anymore.





There was no way he could help me with this, anyway, and he was already wounded badly. Stressing him out was the last thing I wanted to do.





Finally, I drove his car into the yard, and we both stepped out of the vehicle.





As soon as Nero's foot touched the ground, he immediately fell onto his knees, gritting his teeth. The wound on his abdomen wasn't life-threatening, but it was still a pretty nasty slash, and it was obvious it hurts immensely.





"What the fuck?!" I shouted in fear, running towards him as he held his stomach, trying his best to stand up.





"Hey, hey, relax, it's nothing serious!" Nero managed to say despite his pained expression.





Because of me, he had to stay with such a deep wound untreated for a long time, and that's why his healing process is so slow, causing him to suffer from extreme pain.





"Nero, stop acting strong, just let me take care of you," I demanded as he balance on his feet, looking hesitatant with his eyes on mine. "I'm sorry. I should have-"





Before I could finish speaking, Nero grabbed my face with his hand, making me stop, and I stared at him, waiting for his next words.





"This is not your fault. Stop blaming yourself. If anything I should be the one telling you, 'Thank you,' because you saved my ass back there." Nero muttered, pulling me closer to him.





"Your ass wouldn't have needed saving if I wasn't so damn pathetic." I cried softly, clutching his shirt tightly in my fists.





Letting out a small laugh, Nero shook his head gently before saying, "Maybe we should stop playing the blaming game and be thankful that we both came out of there alive."





"True," I whispered, nodding my head before raising my gaze to meet his eyes. "I promise you that that will be the last time I put your life in harm's way like that again."





Looking into each other's eyes, Nero said nothing and leaned in towards my lips, brushing his against mine lightly as I wrapped my arms around his neck while deepening the kiss.





Maybe he didn't believe a word I said because I have always been weak and unable to take care of myself properly. 





But after today, I knew it was time for a transfer of control between my wolf and me, and if I have to break and bend her to my will to do that, then I would do it even if it meant giving in to my inner demon.





With that, I pulled away slightly and gazed into Nero's eyes as I whispered, "I love you."





"I love me too," Nero teased smiling as he cupped my cheek with his hands. "I love you, Blake."


   
   
I can't be honest with you 
Nero POV




As I took off my shirt, Blake sat on the bed,  staring at me, her gaze fixed on the bandage around my torso.




One look into her eyes and I could see a mixture of guilt and anger buried under them as she bit on her nail slowly.




"Blake, I am fine, seriously," I reassured, taking a step toward her. 




"I know, that's what you say. But I can't shake this nagging feeling in the pit of my stomach that makes me uneasy." Blake whispered, looking even more anxious.




Knowing that I am probably not gonna win this argument, I decided to drop the subject for now. 




Honestly, Blake wasn't the only one freaking out about what happened. I was too. And even if I tried to act calm in front of her, I was a bit scared as well. 




It bothered me because I'm worried about her safety. After all, she not only killed a wolf from her pack but also attacked Loki and her sister in front of influential members of the pack.




There's no telling what this meant for her... for us, even though she and I were allowed to walk out of that mansion in peace. Because when I looked at Loretta, it was clear she wanted to tear us to pieces.




But that was just one of my concerns. People now know why Blake is, who she is, and that could be the most dangerous thing for her at this point, her identity getting known by all.




"What's on your mind," Blake whispered, her eyes glowing with concern, looking directly at me as I sat down next to her.




Resting my head on her shoulder, I  closed my eyes and breathed out, inhaling the scent that belonged solely to her, and whispered, "Nothing." 




We both knew that it was not, 'Nothing," but Blake didn't press me, and just rested her chin on top of my head, sighing heavily.





The silence lasted until I heard the sound of the front door opening and closing, and immediately my wolf was alarmed when I picked up Scarlett's scent.




Raising my head off Blake's shoulder, I looked her in the eyes and knew that she was onto Scarlett's scent too.




"Why is she here?" Blake whispered, waking from the bed with her face screwed in a frown. "How did she know this place?"




This was a fucking disaster, and I knew that whatever Scarlett was here for, it could not be good, and I was not prepared for shit like this, not now!




"Jason is here too?!" Blake mumbled beneath her breath, approaching the bedroom door.




"Blake, wait!" I shouted, jumping to my feet.




Fuck! I am going to kill those two if they do something stupid that's going to cause problems for me and Blake, especially at a time when she is volatile.





Unfortunately, I couldn't reach Blake in time to stop her, and seconds later the door slammed right in front of my face, causing me to stumble backward a few steps.




Not wasting a second, I opened the door and ran after her, ignoring the pain shooting through my whole body and my wounds.




When I got into the downstairs hallway, I stopped in my tracks, glared at Jason, and then swayed my gaze on Scarlett, shooting her a warning look.




"Nero!" Jason shouted, his eyes clouded with concern. "What the fuck happened to you?!" 




Before I could utter a word, Scarlett rushed over to me, touching my bandage as she frowned and asked, "Who did this to you?" 




With a look of confusion and anger burning in Blake's eyes, she grabbed Scarlett's wrist and yanked it away from me, letting out harshly, "Does any of you three want to tell me what is going on?" 




"Is that you doing?!" Scarlett lashed out, jerking her hand out of Blake's grip. "Did he get hurt because of you!"




"Jason, get her out of here!" I let out, turning to look at him.




Nodding, he rushed towards Scarlett, grabbing her arm again. But she pulled her hand with force and shouted, "Let go of my fucking  arm!"




A growl immediately erupted from inside of me as I fixed my eyes on her, and she suddenly stopped struggling. 




Her body went completely still and she met my gaze, fear, and desperation glistening in her bright yellow orbs.




"You two know each other!" Blake whispered, looking at Scarlett and then back at me with her face scrunched up in confusion.




"Oh, what made that clear! Is it because of what happened now, or the fact that I know he has a serpent tattoo on his bare back? Which one,  please, enlighten us." Scarlett spat, glaring at Blake.




This was a mess that I wasn't sure I could recover from and it was just getting worse with every passing minute.




"Scarlett!!" I cried, pinching the bridge of my nose between my thumb and index finger.  "Enough!"




"Fine, I am leaving!" Scarlett spat, shoving Jason away and storming out of the house, slamming the front door behind her.




Looking at Blake and me, Jason seemed nervous, as if he was afraid we would snap at him, and then he met my eyes and said, "This is my fault. I befriended her and thought it was okay to introduce her to you two, but I didn't know she was a wacko!"




"Can you not treat me like a fool!" Blake shouted, throwing him a deadly glare. "I know she's not just some lunatic, so what are you two not telling me!" 




Swaying her gaze off Jason, she looked at me with hurt in her eyes and a pleading expression on her face, begging me to give her answers.




But the truth wasn't something that I could give her and that scared me. It scared me how many lies I have to make her believe.




So I decided to keep silent, but knowing Blake, she wouldn't accept that answer, and she mumbled, "Nero,  please, I won't be able to handle it if you lie to me. You know that."




"I should give you two some space," Jason said before turning away and then leaving the villa.




Now that it was just me and Blake, staring into each other's eyes, she finally let herself tear up and whispered, "Is this why you didn't want Scarlett and me to get close? What are you hiding from me, Nero?!" 




"I'm not hiding anything from you," I replied, trying to keep my voice soft so as not to anger her any more than she already was.




"Then make it make sense how the fuck she knows about the tattoo on your back?!" Blake yelled, throwing her hands in the air in frustration.





We grew up together, so of course, Scarlett saw my tattoo the first time I got it. But I don't know what the hell she is doing now by trying to make Blake upset. But I can bet who is behind this mess because only my father can make Scarlett go against me.




"Nero!!" Blake screamed, her face red as she glared at me.




"Scarlett is someone I know." I let out, avoiding eye contact with her.




"What does that mean?! Who is she?! How the hell could you possibly know someone you just met days ago?! I mean, she just came into the state!" 




"Well..."




Seeing how frustrated and upset Blake was, I sighed, walked toward her, and tried to reach for her hand, but she pulled back, taking two steps backward.




"Can you just stop trying to hide everything about you... about your life from me?!" Blake pleaded, running her fingers through her hair in frustration. "Just tell me who she is, please! Why the hell would you hide something so damn big from me!?"




"Scarlett is nothing more than someone I messed with in the past." I lied, avoiding her stare, knowing I had to say something to make her stop asking questions.




And that was the only excuse I could think of that I knew she would not question. But the way she looked at me after those words left my lips, told me that I fucked up badly, and I could not see anything good coming from this conversation.




"I don't believe you," Blake stated, her face filled with hurt as she stared at me. "How about that?!"




"Blake," 




"Nero, all you do is lie... to me! Why can't you just open up! I tell you every fucking thing about myself... my life, my struggle, my  dreams, even my feelings, and you still never show me your side!"




My heart broke into thousands of pieces when I saw tears forming in her eyes as she spoke, "No matter how much I try to show you the real me, or the person I truly am deep inside, you always shut me out when it comes to you!"




When I didn't answer, she aggressively dried her face with the back of her hand. "Do you realize how difficult it is for me to understand you sometimes?!" 




"I do," I mumbled, hating how hurtful this entire situation was getting. "And I regret every time that I closed you out. I just don't know how else to explain my life without hurting you, or breaking our bond,"




"Then maybe if you showed me your side of the story, you wouldn't need to shut me out anymore! Maybe we could just work on it together."




"Maybe you're right, but not now... I can't be honest with you, Blake."




The room was dead silent except for the sound of sniffling. She was crying. I hated seeing her cry like this. And I was guilty as fuck for causing it.




Nodding her head, Blake looked into my eyes for a moment. Then she lowered her gaze, took in a couple of heavy breaths, and wiped the wetness away from her cheeks before walking past me,  and I didn't stop her from leaving. I just couldn't.



The night Blake was born
Luna POV 




When I raised my eyelids, I stared at my mother who looked stressed and had a look of darkness in her eyes that I have never seen before. 




The anger in my mother's expression was more terrifying than usual, and I could only imagine the dreadful things that were going through her head. 




"What happened?" I whispered, trying to sit up, but my body gave up and collapsed back on the bed.




My bone ached, my stomach hurt like hell and I felt like I was going to pass out from all the pain tearing me from the inside.




A sense of fear washed over me as the agony began to build. I didn't know what was happening. I couldn't breathe properly. My head felt like it was going to explode. I felt my body start to convulse.




A small whimper escaped my mouth as a sharp pain sliced through my back as I laid flat on the bed, striving not to move the slightest bit.




"Did the hit you took from Blake make you lose your damn memories too!" My mother mumbled, sounding disappointed and angry. 




Her words immediately brought my memories rushing back to me with such force that it made my head pound in pain as if there were a hammer being banged against it every second. 





"What is she?" I whispered, absentmindedly, remembering the beast that stood before me, eyes red with the promise of pain and murder in them, a creature that looked just like a wolf but something so much more terrifying than that.




"An Ultima. One of the most powerful beings of our kind, and a bloodthirsty creature that turns humans faster into a werewolf than a true alpha can within one bite." Uncle Rolex said, sighing loudly as he ran his hands through his hair, almost as if in frustration or fear.





"Where has that thing been all this time...! I mean nineteen years and we are just realizing what she is?!" 




"I don't know, but her wolf is out now, and that is a problem for us and your position in this pack because you are no match for what she is, none of us are!" 




The room grew silent, and I tried to sit up again, but my body refused and collapsed once more, causing me to groan in pain.




Frowning, Uncle Rolex met my eyes, sighed, and mumbled, "You are not going to be able to walk just yet because your body sustained two cracked ribs, a broken ankle, and you fractured three of your left arm bones during the fight." 




"Okay, how long am I stuck in this bed?" I asked, feeling a sense of anger filling me. 




The thought of the fact that I couldn't even walk, let alone stand or sit still without pain shooting through my entire body seemed absurd and enraging, and it irritated me to no end.




That bitch literally cripple me for I don't know how long, and now, I don't even know if revenge was possible, because honestly, I am afraid of her, although I would never openly say that to anyone.




"As long as it needs to take for your body to fully  recover and heal itself."




"What the hell! This shit is unfair!"




"Be grateful that you faced an Ultima and came out of the fight alive, and stop acting like a child, alright?" 




Chuckling faintly, Uncle Rolex shook his head and whispered, "Also, be thankful that you are not your father."




"How bad is his state?" I mumbled, worrying more about my injuries than his because this shit is his fault, that I am in pain. 




If he had not used me to play in his dirty game, I wouldn't be lying in this bed, unable to move my damn body.




"He suffered multiple concussions, broke several bones, bruised several of his vital organs, and suffered a lot of internal bleeding... His healing is going to take quite a while."




"What?! How could that happen? He is the strongest Alpha around here, and one of the powerful wolves in our pack!!" 




"Not anymore. Luna, Blake's force is not something that should ever be taken lightly. Even the strongest alpha would die if they were to face her full power in a fight." 




Suddenly my mother's voice called out, breaking whatever silence there may have been between the three of us, "I want her dead!" 




"Who?" Uncle Rolex asked, looking at my mother as though she was insane, and I wondered whether she might be.




"Blake Hayes! She needs to die!" 




"Okay, Loretta, chill and stop acting crazy! It will only get us killed."




"I'm not an idiot, Rolex!... What did Blake say before her transformation?"




"I don't know! She said a lot of things-"




"She doesn't have control of her wolf, Rolex! She can't shift at her free will!"




The room went deathly quiet after that, and Uncle Rolex looked as shocked by what my mother was saying, but I felt as if she made perfect sense.




After all, if Blake can not control her wolf, then she can't defend herself right away in a surprise attack, and that is an advantage we can use to take Blake down quickly, once and for all.




And yet, Uncle Rolex looked hesitant, but there was more than just reluctance in his expression, he seemed afraid and upset as well.




"You saw what she did in there without even having full control of her wolf, and you think that this decision of yours is a good idea? Are you mad?!" Uncle Rolex demanded, pacing up and down the length of my room.




"I was stupid enough back then to not have killed her because I thought her mother's pack... her grandfather would come looking for her and it would be best that she would be alive when he did!" My mother let out a humorless chuckle.




"Loretta-"




"It has been nineteen years since the night of the attack... since we fled and moved to this state, and know what from the Silver Crest pack had shown up for Blake, and now she has become an even bigger threat to us than before!" 




"Well-"




"I know that that was my mistake, but we can not make that same misstep now! We have to strike when she still has a weakness, or we might never get such an opportunity again, Rolex!" 





It grew quiet as Uncle Rolex continued to pace, a thoughtful expression plastered on his face, and my mother looked anxious as she waited for him to respond.




Suddenly, his ringtone interrupted the silence, and we both watched as he answered it, saying, "Hello, Carla. What is it?"




"The elders are thinking about appointing a temporary leader because of Loki's critical condition." I overheard Elder Carla say.




"And,"




"Blake names seem to be on their tongues way too much for my comfort. After what happened, their fear seemed to be getting stronger enough for her to have them wrap around her finger and bend them to her will if she ever decides to."




"Who all are in favor of this treacherous decision?"




"Almost all of the elders are, and they are planning on having an emergency meeting soon." 




There was a long pause, and then uncle Rolex signed, letting out, "Thanks for the heads up."




"So what's our next move to stop this madness from happening?" Elder Carla asked, sounding nervous and anxious.




But Uncle Rolex ended the call, looked at my mother, and said, "I guess I will have to take care of Blake soon We did not come this far to lose everything we worked so hard to gain." 




Then he shoved his phone back into his pocket and smiled faintly as my mother nodded at him before walking out of my room.




Darting my eyes off my bedroom door, I stared at my mother and asked, "What night of an attack were you talking about?"




"It was the night Blake was born." My mother mumbled with an unreadable expression on her face, but as soon as she turned around to gaze t me, it disappeared, and the cold hard stare clouded her eyes once again.



