
###chapter 1
**********
"One night to escape her shattered world. One secret that could destroy his kingdom.

After discovering her boyfriend’s betrayal with her stepsister, Layla drowns her sorrows in a bar and wakes up in the bed of a stranger with piercing blue eyes—a night she vows to forget. Fleeing her toxic family, she rebuilds her life in New York, only to find her ruthless new CEO boss is the same man. Nolan Alden, the Lycan King, is haunted by his past and determined to reject their fated bond. But when ancient enemies target them, and Layla’s forbidden pregnancy surfaces, they must confront a deadly truth: some bargains demand forever."
**********

Layla sighed heavily, switching off her laptop. She had just remembered she needed to visit the hospital today to see her father.

The doctor had called the previous day to inform her that they had found a donor for his kidney transplant.

Her father, Markos, her joy and pride, was one of the reasons she was still living. She had to live for him; he was the sole reason she remained in this house. Although she had considered moving out after finishing college, her father had pleaded with her to stay.

Layla quickly changed into comfortable clothes and dashed out of her room.

"Layla, where are you off to?" her stepsister Scarlet asked as she descended the stairs.

"The hospital. The doctor called last night; they found a donor," Layla responded with joy in her heart as they both squealed happily.

"And what's the cause of all that noise?" Rosalie, her stepmother, asked in annoyance, stepping out from the kitchen.

"Mom," Layla muttered softly, tucking her hair behind her ear, intimidated by Rosalie's presence. Rosalie was far from nice, and her being there only spelled trouble.

"Mom, you won't believe this. The doctor found a donor for Dad. Dad can be saved, Mom!" Scarlett announced happily as she went to hug her mother.

"How did you find out?" Rosalie questioned, throwing deadly glares at Layla, who picked her fingers nervously.

"Layla told me so. The doctor called her," Scarlet replied.

"So the doctor called you without reaching his wife first, and you didn't even tell us before rushing to the hospital, like a good daughter. Oh wow," Rosalie snapped with heavy sarcasm.

"II didn't mean to. I was just," Layla began but was interrupted by Rosalie.

"Oh, shut your trap. I didn't mean to. I was just. You were just stupid," Rosalie mimicked with all the hatred she could muster.

"I'm sorry," Layla tried apologizing so Rosalie would stop with her tauntings. Today is a good day, and she didn't want to ruin it.

"You're always sorry. That's why you'll never be successful in your miserable life. I've told your father countless times to destroy that laptop of yours. You're always writing, but there's nothing to show for it," Rosalie spat, shooting deadly glares at her.

"You're so useless, Layla. Look at you; you just finished college and have nothing to show for it, not even a job. All you do is sit around and get old in that room of yours."

"Mother" Layla called in tears. Every day, Rosalie came up with new insults. How is she getting old? She's just twenty-one. Scarlet is twenty-two, and neither of them is working. Then why does Rosalie find faults with her?

"Am not your mother. How many times will I tell you? I'm not your mother. Your useless mother is lying in the grave somewhere."

"Stop, please stop all these. I told you never to bring my mum into this," Layla yelled with tears in her eyes.

She lost her mother when she was younger, and since then, she had taken Rosalie as her own mother.

But the same thing couldn't be said for Rosalie, who thought the little girl was nothing but an obstacle in her life.

"You're so rude, you know. Now get inside before you lose your teeth," Rosalie threatened as Layla shook her head, adamant about the idea to go inside.

She wanted to meet her father so bad; at least he's the only one she could talk to.

"Mother" Layla called softly.

"Am not your mother," Rosalie yelled as she moved to drag her hair.

"Mom, please, let me go," Layla sobbed loudly as Rosalie dragged her upstairs, pulling her hair, all the while Scarlet just stood watching the drama unfold.

"I'm not your mother!" Rosalie exclaimed angrily, tightening her grip on Layla's hair.

"You won't leave here until I say so," Rosalie ordered, tossing her roughly into the room before slamming the door in her face.

"That was too harsh, Mom," Scarlet yawned in sarcasm as Rosalie came downstairs.

"But you enjoyed it."

"Of course, certainly," Scarlet giggled.

"I'll pack some food, take them to your father. You can also invite Mike to accompany you."

"Really?" Scarlett squealed in joy as her mom nodded affirmatively.

"Thanks, Mom. You're the best. I'll freshen up and fix my makeup. Besides, Mike is coming too," Scarlett blushed, rushing to her room upstairs.

Layla sat in her room quietly, watching the clear night sky as tears flowed from her eyes freely.

She was a little baby when she lost her mother. She lived with her aunt Stella for six years before Markos came, claiming to be her father, saying he wanted to fulfill his fatherly duties and make it up to her mom.

Rosalie has never been kind to her since the day she stepped foot in this house.

She claimed she was a daughter of a mistress, a child that resulted from a stupid mistake, so Layla was also a mistake since she was never meant to be born at first.

Layla always stood and relied on her father Markos, who always stood for her and supported her, but it only made Rosalie worse.

That was how she grew up in hatred and in love. Her sister Scarlett was also another pillar of support, who was also very kind to her.

Her father was later diagnosed with a kidney stone and needed a transplant; they couldn't find a donor among any of the family members, so they opted to find one.

The other important people in her life were her boyfriend Mike and best friend Aurora Lawrence. They also stood for her and supported her. The only problem was that Aurora moved away from the city a year ago with her brother to settle in New York City. It's been so boring without her friend.

"I'll have to be strong and fight this," Layla encouraged herself, wiping off her tears before walking up to her bed to sleep, hoping to leave the house tomorrow. If Rosalie doesn't let her out, she has no other options but to do things her own way.
###chapter 2
It's been two days now since Layla was locked up in her room. She even tried to escape through her window, but Rosalie warned her sternly not to leave the house.
Obviously, Rosalie was trying to gain Scarlet's favor in their father's eyes and speak ill of Layla to him. This was Rosalie's perfect chance because her father would be devastated if Layla didn't come to visit, and that was the last thing she would want to happen.
So, she plotted on how to escape, regardless of what Rosalie would say to her. She would go to Mike's house and beg him for a ride; Mike would help her since he's always with her and supports her all the time.
Layla skillfully dashed out of the window, leaving the compound premises like a sneaky cat.
She arrived at Mike's house, and the guards around opened the gates to let her in. They already knew that she was Mike's girlfriend, so she was always welcomed.
Mike came from a rich home, so he lived comfortably. Layla walked enthusiastically into the house only to receive the shock of her life.
"Oh yes, right here babe, fuck me harder, Mike, hmm, you're so good," a woman's erotic voice sounded as the sounds of flesh pounding welcomed Layla.
Layla stood in the doorway of her boyfriend's room, speechless. They had been dating for years now, and yet, she was not the one with him but another woman that he was involved with senselessly. The horror that encompassed her at that moment was what she had felt for the past few days, if not worse.
She escaped the house with an elated buzz in her system to meet her boyfriend and also visit her father. Even if she would get punished and receive another mouth-lashing from Rosalie, she didn't care as long as she got to meet her father.
Mike was one of the few people who showed her love and respect despite what others thought of her due to Rosalie's bad mouthing. He never gave a damn about those rumors but always stayed by Layla's side.
Layla trusted him with all her might. If it was someone else that told her Mike cheated, she would never believe it. Now she's witnessing it live and direct.
That wall of trust drastically shattered into a million pieces the moment she caught him with another woman. He was like the rest after all, if not even worse. At least they never hid their resentment towards her. Mike was just the worst of all.
Nothing can deceive her now from the awful display she was witnessing. They were both stark naked, enjoying the pleasure they offered to each other. The mysterious woman was on all fours, her hands clutching the bed sheets tightly, while Mike was behind her slamming her roughly, panting like a dog.
Layla felt like puking; the sight was so gruesome to watch.
"You like it right, tell me, baby, you like it, right?" Mike grunted in a ravenous voice, still slamming her.
"Of course, you're the best, fuck me harder, don't stop," the girl pleaded, urging Mike to grope her waist roughly, grinding his cock inside her.
"You are so good, Mike, you feel so good," the girl panted erotically as her body tried to keep up with Mike's endless slamming.
"Fuck, I'm close," with each second, he grunted, getting ready to explode in release. Meanwhile, beneath him, the girl's feminine moans turned into screams of pleasure. Together they reached the peak as the bed rocked as if it was the end of the world.
'That voice,' Layla thought, referring to the girl's voice. It sounded so familiar, like she had heard it before.
Layla snapped out of her frozen state before yelling loudly.
"How could you, Mike? I trusted you." Layla broke down in tears as he turned immediately to face her with his sweaty face that Layla really wanted to punch right now.
She should have seen this coming; she should have known that all humans were the same; they were never to be trusted, and humans were never loyal. Layla could do nothing but sob. Rosalie was right; she's just a mistake that was never meant to happen. She's the daughter of a mistress, after all. No one will ever choose or love her; she's bound to be doomed.
"Layla, you're here?" Mike gasped, trying to catch his breath as Layla stared at him in disbelief. Is he even sorry? She can't even decipher what he felt at this very moment.
"Layla, what a surprise," the girl's voice sounded as she stood up from beneath Mike, giving Layla the second shock of that day.
"Scarlet" Layla was speechless at the moment. Are people this dubious?
"Hmm, hmm, hey there," Scarlett waved at her, planting a peck on Mike's cheek.
"How could you? You slept with my boyfriend."
"Correction: ex. He's now mine, not yours," Scarlett corrected without remorse.
"I hate you all," Layla yelled as she dashed out of the room. There was no need to stay there any longer; she had seen enough already.
Everything in Layla's life was a nightmare except that of Mike.
He was rich, handsome, and strong. Most people hinted that he was a promising young man in the future and that he was too good for Layla, but he stayed by her side, ignoring all the rumors.
Mike was Layla's light, so he deserved all of her. She decided to make them one on her twenty-second birthday; that's the day she'll give her virginity to Mike because now she felt she was not ready for that.
Layla didn't go home immediately as she wanted some time away from Rosalie and her troubles. So she walked into a dark alley and crashed down there, crying her eyes out. She's not but an abomination, the child of a mistress.
Soon after, she decided to drink her sorrows away. She stood up weakly, cleaned her tears, and walked into the closest bar.
She's going to lose the last dignity with her tonight, her virginity. She cared less now; it was all over. Mike has deserted her for her sister.
'It's all over now,' she thought, walking into a bar filled with people, with music popping out from the speakers.
"I know what to do," Layla thought, walking to a nearby seat, taking her seat while ordering a drink.
###chapter 3
Layla strode into the open-air bar, filled with so many people that it was easy to get lost in the crowd.
Layla walked to the bar counter and ordered drinks.
The bar attendant served her, and as soon as she gulped down a glass, she scrunched her face in response to the taste hitting her throat.
This was the first time she had tasted alcohol, but Layla hesitated as memories of Mike and Scarlett kept surfacing in her mind.
She looked around the bar and found ladies dressed in perfumed clothes and revealing attire, chatting gingerly as they all enjoyed themselves and looked like they were having fun.
However, none of this excitement mattered to Layla; she felt as good as dead.
She gulped down another shot, gasping heavily. Why was life so cruel to her?
"Hey there," a husky, intimidating voice rang in her ears as she swayed her eyes towards the direction the voice came from.
"Hi," she waved in a melancholic voice. Anyone seeing her in her current state would have thought that she was going to be executed anytime soon.
"Care for a drink?" the stranger offered as Layla gazed at him for a long time, taking her time to study his face.
He looked like a very tall man with an imposing demeanor, his features were unique and attractive, with a beautiful pair of blue eyes. Layla fell for his beautiful eyes the moment she saw them.
"No, thank you," Layla replied bluntly, averting her gaze from him.
"I must tell you, you look sad. You don't mind sharing, do you?" he spoke elegantly, twirling the glass of beer as he took slow sips from it.
"None of your business," Layla spat, cursing herself inwardly. Was she looking so worthless now that even a stranger would recognize it?
"But you really look like you could use a friend," he reasoned as Layla stared blankly at him, grunting in her mind.
"Very well, a stranger can even tell how pathetic I look now. If you must know, I'm just the by-product of an affair that was never meant to happen. I'm nothing but a mistake," Layla uttered, gulping down another glass.
"You're not useless," he told her, staring deep into her eyes.
"Uh."
"Well, that's if you don't want to be," he stated, looking away from her as Layla scoffed at him.
"Well, you're only saying that because you know nothing about me. So, if you should know, I'm the by-product as a result of my father cheating on my stepmom with my mother, who's a mistress."
"So, that's your father's cross to bear. You were not even born or conceived when they committed the act," the stranger reasoned as Layla sighed heavily. If only Rosalie could see things like that, it was never her fault that she was born.
"If only they could see things like that. Do you know what?" Layla asked, turning to face him.
"I caught my sister, who has been so kind to me all these years, sleeping with my boyfriend, who also cared very much about me. I'm not sure you know how that hurts. My stepmother's maltreatment is even better than this. Do you know how it feels to be betrayed by the people you love?" Layla concluded by throwing a question at him, who just remained quiet.
'Of course, he has never been betrayed,' Layla thought, returning to her drink.
"Of course, I have. Everyone has their own ugly past; we all do," he said with a sly smile on his face, watching the girl getting drunk in front of him.
"Don't you think you're drinking too much already?" he asked as she shot daggers at him, her cheeks already slightly flushed.
"That's why I came here to get drunk and have fun," Layla answered as she gazed at him again.
Something struck her the moment she mentioned fun; she studied the stranger beside her, the man she had been engaging in a conversation with. He was very good-looking, even more than her so-called boyfriend Mike.
Among all the handsome men Layla has met in her life, this one stood out. And he's going to be the best candidate she'll need; she needed to get back at Mike and Scarlett for the terrible thing they did to her.
This man's blue eyes said it all; she didn't even know his name or where he came from because she's never seen this person in Seattle before.
"Hey, what's your name and where are you from?" Layla grilled, trying to know more about the mysterious man.
"I'm not based here; I came over for a business trip," came his curt reply as he stared at Layla, sending chills down her spine.
"And your name?"
"Don't have to know my name, do you?" he questioned indistinctly, moving closer to Layla, making her gulp in discomfort.
"Then I'll call you Mr. Blue Eyes, then, hmm?" proposed Layla as the strange man nodded in approval.
"Ok, introductions are over; now let's go straight to the point. Do you want to hook up?" Layla inquired.
"Sure," the man answered without delay, a hint of mischief flashing past his eyes.
Layla gulped loudly; she never expected him to agree so soon, but she had already ventured down this path, and there was no turning back.
Since Mr. Blue Eyes was not from Seattle, it made things a lot easier; after tonight, they'll go their separate ways and forget if anything ever happened between them.
"Good, we'll book a room, but mind you, this is my first time, and I have no experience," Layla informed beforehand since she heard the first time was usually painful.
The man's pupils shrunk as a stream of heat hit him, washing over him completely.
"Come here," he ordered, his voice already slightly hoarse.
Layla's heart was in panic, but she had to be bold and get done with it. She walked up to him, putting on an exciting expression; she lifted his chin up, lifting it gently as she placed a light kiss on his lips, amusing the man.
'What a brave girl,' he thought.
"Your lips are very soft, and I love your eyes," she whispered.
..

Layla took in heavy breaths as the man carried her tenderly to the bed, he gently placed her on the bed and laid beside her.
She could feel his breath on her and it reeked of alcohol, they were both drunk.

They both locked eyes with each other and Layla was enthralled by his gaze and it felt as if she was melting in his arms.
The dim light of the moonlight allowed her to slightly see his face and it reeked of hunger, sexual hunger.

He ran his thick hands through her body, eliciting soft and sensual moans from her.
His eyes bored into hers and she could see that he clearly desired her, the desire to dominate her.
Layla didn't want to surrender to him, she shouldn't be doing this, he was a total stranger and he also held this dangerous Aura around him.
She didn't want to give her virginity to someone that she didn't even know his name but the more she tried to resist, the more she fell for his charms.

Electricity seemed to pass through her body sending a jolt right to already wet folds as he ran his hands through her body.

The stream of intense pleasure washed through her and soon they began to kiss each other savagely.
He pulled off her gown with speed and she gasped in anticipation of what was to come.
Layla gasped sharply as pains and pleasure balled together and pierced her soul.
It was such an incredible feeling that she got lost in the myriad of emotions that swirled through her, with each passing second the pain subdued and the pleasure so intense that she thought she would pass out.
###chapter 4
Layla's eyes opened slowly as she was welcomed with a splitting headache. She looked around the room, noticing that the man from the previous night was still there.

The man remained tranquil as Layla screamed her lungs out. 'What the hell am I doing here?' Layla gasped, covering her mouth in shock.

He stayed calm, his cold, wicked eyes sending chills down her spine. Layla screamed even more, yet he didn't blink; he just kept staring at her with those icy blue eyes.

"You... how did we... how did I end up here?" Layla stammered, remembering everything from the previous night. It was her idea to get back at Mike, so she chose to spend the night with a gorgeous man.

"Really!" The man raised a brow at her. She was the one who suggested a one-night stand after sharing an emotional life story.

"Oh, sorry, then we are done here," Layla hurriedly said as she slid out of the bed.

The room was a total mess. The man's shirt lay helplessly on the window railing, Layla's gown crumpled at the foot of the bed, and her panties and bra were on the other side of the room. The bed looked like it just survived a war.

Layla was surprised by his calm demeanor as he remained unblinking while she searched the room for her belongings like a madwoman.

She breathed a sigh of relief when she found her panties, tossing her makeup and money into her purse. She was in a hurry to leave the room.

"I'll be leaving now," Layla announced, glancing at his face. He was even more handsome in the morning sun. Layla found herself ogling at his body, wondering how a man could be so hot and handsome at the same time.

'Too bad we won't be meeting again,' Layla thought, leaving the room as fast as she could.
******
Layla walked briskly into the hospital, with her father's welfare the only thing on her mind now.

She was certain that they would have already performed the surgery since the last time they called, informing her that they'd found a donor.

She inquired about her father, and the nurse informed her that the surgery was successful, and her father would soon be discharged. She muttered a thank you to the nurse and left for her father's room.

Layla opened the door to her father's ward slowly with enthusiasm, feeling happier than the last time she visited. However, all of her happiness died down the moment she saw the people in the room - Rosalie, Scarlett, and the last person she ever wanted to meet, Mike, her scum of a boyfriend.

Her father was in there, fully awake, as it seemed like they were all in a happy family reunion. But Layla didn't care about them at all at that moment; all she wanted was to make sure her father was faring well.

"Papa," she uttered softly as tears of joy filled her eyes. Everyone in the room turned instantly to face the intruder.

Rosalie scrunched her face in disgust, Scarlett and Mike pretended as if nobody was there.

"Papa, how are you feeling now?" Layla asked, but her father ignored her, holding a passive face.

"Papa, what's wrong?" Layla asked with the feeling that her father was not happy to see her.

"I am so disappointed in you, Layla," Markos said, utterly disappointed after being fed with lies about her. Layla had not shown up for days until now.

"Papa, I am so sorry; I couldn't come earlier than this. I never planned for all these; it was never in my power to stay away. It was all of..."

"You see, Markos, that's all she does after doing something bad - making up flimsy excuses," Rosalie interrupted Layla from saying whatever she wanted to say.

Scarlet stood tall, enjoying the view in front of her. Her lips curved up in mischief, watching Layla beg for forgiveness. She was still enjoying the show when she noticed something unusual on Layla.

'Where did Layla get a hickey?' Scarlett wondered. 'But Layla's a virgin; she was not home last night. Did she...?' Realization struck Scarlett, who thought about how to use Layla's situation to her advantage.

Their father, Markos, would never forgive Layla if he found out that she did not come to visit because she was with a man.

"Layla, you ingrate, you've been with a man all this while," Scarlett stormed at her, grabbing her shoulder, which resulted in Layla's fall.

"What's wrong with you?" Layla yelped in pain as she made her way to stand up.

"What's that on your neck? You've been with a man all this while?" Scarlet asked in a cold steel voice, a tone she had never used with Layla before. 'It was her true nature after all.'

"What?" Layla stammered, but Scarlett wouldn't give her the chance to speak.

"You were out all night, and you return with a hickey."

"She obviously had sex with another man," Rosalie fired.

"How could you, Layla? Look at how tired you look." This time it was Mike who spoke. The thought of Layla with another man annoyed him; he didn't even have the chance to ravage her first.

"But I caught you in bed with Mike too," Layla retorted back. They only found faults with her. At least she didn't cheat since she was no longer in a relationship with Mike. In fact, it was Mike who cheated on her, and with her sister of all people in the world.

"How dare you! You're such a mess like your useless mother," Rosalie spat, as anger suddenly fueled in Layla.

"Don't you ever drag my mother into this; it's your daughter that is a mess. I mean, who goes around sleeping with people's boyfriends?" Layla asked, already upset with Rosalie's bullying.

"How dare you?" Rosalie yelled, landing a slap on Layla's cheek as Layla froze.
###chapter 5
The whole place became eerily quiet as Layla fumed in anger.

"How dare you"

"Oh, shut up, you cheat! You spent a night with a man all night, when your father is sick, and you're not even married. You're just as worthless as your mother," Scarlet yelled loudly, attracting other people in the hospital ward. Layla knew at once what she was trying to do: downgrade her, of course.

"Father loved and protected you." Scarlet waved her hand, yelling at the top of her voice, gesticulating how much her father loved her.

"I can't believe this came from you, Scarlet." Layla murmured to herself, unable to accept it.

"How could you do that to me? I cared for you," Mike asked, faking a sob.

"What the hell!" Layla exclaimed, completely baffled by their pretense.

Layla could not fathom what was going on; it felt as if her whole world came crashing down on her all over again. She could not comprehend why her life would go wrong, why she was facing this kind of cursed fate.

Layla couldn't help but sob, reminiscing on how terrible her life is. It was just too much to bear-the hatred, betrayal, and to crown it all, she just gave her virginity to an absolute stranger. It was just too much for Layla to handle.

"See, she's crying because of all the guilt," Scarlet yelled excitedly, as a small number of people had already gathered.

Layla wanted to refuse Scarlet's claim, but her heart was too heavy at the moment. She wiped her eyes as she ran out of the ward quickly, shutting the door behind her. She couldn't take it anymore.
******
Two weeks later...

Weeks passed, and Layla was back to her normal routine of locking herself up in her room, writing down all the stuff that came to her. Her father's relationship with her had grown from bad to worse; she was like an outcast in the house.

Rosalie and Scarlet were still trying to make life a living hell for her, though she ignored them, she still found it very difficult to forget about that day.

It wasn't Mike and Scarlet's sinful and treacherous act, but because of Mr. Blue Eyes. She still couldn't forget his handsome face; sometimes, she imagined herself wrapped up in his arms. She even made a drawing of him, but with a vague memory of what he looked like, the picture was not perfect, but she would recognize him in a heartbeat if she happened to see him again.

"Get a grip of yourself, Layla." She slapped her cheeks together, breaking out of her reverie. She should stop thinking about a complete stranger.

The fact that she had not been feeling too well bothered her.

"I'm gonna be fine; you're gonna be fine, Layla. Get a grip of yourself," she told herself for the tenth time, ignoring the flaring nausea in her stomach and focused on her writing.

She had vomited three times today. She tried to resist the nausea building up within her, but it grew stronger as Layla scampered to the bathroom to let it all out.

'Oh my God, I hope it's not what I am thinking,' Layla gasped out as she grabbed some money from her purse, before marching to the nearest pharmacy store to grab a pregnancy strip test and rushed back home.

In Layla's haste, she bumped into Scarlett while going up the stairs, but she totally ignored her, but Scarlett gave Layla a strange gaze before ignoring her too.

"Oh my gosh!" Layla squealed the moment the results came out, as the strip fell from her hands. "This is not happening."

...

Scarlett found Layla's movements suspicious and decided to sneak up on her. Soon, Layla came out from the bathroom with a terribly shocked expression on her face.

"I knew it, Layla, you've been seeing another man!" Scarlett yelled immediately she saw the pregnancy strip test with Layla.

"What do you mean?" Layla stuttered, hiding the strip behind her.

"You're pregnant, Layla; you're nothing but a disgrace. You're just like your mother, all you know is to go about seducing men. I can't wait to tell my mother and father; Mom would definitely remove that thing from your womb," Scarlett threatened as Layla held her stomach tight in protection.

"You just wait till Mother comes back; you'll definitely not survive this," Scarlett spat as she dashed out of the room, excitement bubbling up within her. Layla was really in big trouble this time around.

Layla breathed in relief the moment Scarlett left; her presence was really suffocating.

But Scarlett already knew about the pregnancy, and in no time, the whole family and neighborhood would find out; then she'd be nothing but a disgrace-a woman who has no idea about the man who impregnated her.

Not only that, Rosalie could really harm her child; she could even suggest a divorce, and her father would hastily approve of it. She'll have to do something.

This baby was a new hope for her, and harming the child was the last thing in her list-it was not even in her list.

The only option now was to leave; she'll have to run for her life and save her child's life.

Everyone literally hates her, and she's as good as dead. If she spends one more hour in this house, things are gonna get bloody once Rosalie comes.

The only solution was to leave this place. Layla quickly grabbed a few clothes, putting all her valuables, her laptop, diary, and some cash.

Luckily, she had enough savings with her that could take her to New York; accommodation would not be a problem. She brought out her phone as she quickly sent a text to someone. 'Meet me at the airport.'

She threw her luggage off the window as she jumped through the window, running as fast as her legs could carry her, without looking back.
###chapter 6
"Where the hell is Regan? I swear I'm going to kill him once I get my hands on him," Aurora grunted angrily. Both she and Layla sat on one of the benches at the airport, supposedly waiting for Regan, who was meant to come pick them up.

"Why didn't you bring your car?" Layla asked. It would have been better that way, at least to save them some trouble.

"I would have done that if not for a certain someone who insisted on coming to pick you up," she said sarcastically as Layla chuckled.

"Maybe he's busy; I know it can never be his intention to keep me waiting."

"Busy with what? Who in the world keeps women waiting?" she scoffed, picking up her phone to call her brother once again.

"No need, let's just wait a little longer," Layla said, putting Aurora's phone aside.

"I can't believe you told him already that I was coming."

"I was so happy, Layla when I got your text. You need to see the way I ran to the airport like a madwoman," Aurora said as they both laughed.

"Thanks, Aurora."

"You're welcome, baby girl. Now, while we wait for my knucklehead of a brother, can you tell me why you're here? I mean, the last time I checked, your father is still in the hospital, and knowing the kind of person you are, hmmm, you wouldn't leave your father, not when he's not recovered yet," Aurora said curiously as Layla took in a sharp breath.

"I left home," she began.

"I would have said thank God that you finally left that house, but tell me, Layla, why now?" Aurora questioned curiously. Layla loved her father so much that Aurora was sure she would never leave his side. She had attempted to leave before, but he asked her to stay, so why now, when he's sick?

"Um it's kind of a long story."

"I love long stories, Layla, so tell me, whatever the reason is, I'm sure it must be very serious," Aurora reasoned.

"Yes, it is, and I need a job badly," Layla voiced out. If she's going to be a single mother, she needs to start saving up for the future.

"Don't worry, I spoke to Regan about that; he's already working on it," Aurora assured.

"Thanks," Layla pouted.

"Don't give me that face, Layla. You've still not told me the reason you left home."

"Look, it's Regan," Layla announced happily as she stood up in a flash, pointing at Regan, who approached them with long strides and a wide smile plastered on his face. He was in casual clothes, which made him look very handsome.

"Regan," she ran towards him and hugged him.

"Hey, shortie," he ruffled her brown hair as she frowned.

"I'm not short," she defended with a smile. He always called her that, though she was not short; she was five feet and three inches tall.

"Where were you, jerk?" Aurora yelled from behind, walking to them with Layla's luggage.

"You promised to be here two hours ago; do you know what the time is?" She glared at him.

"I'm sorry, Layla, for keeping you waiting. Don't worry; I'll treat you to a meal."

"It's okay," Layla muttered as they both smiled at each other.

"I'm right here," Aurora deadpanned as Regan glanced at her.

"So?"

"You also kept me waiting; I deserve an apology."

"Trust me, sis, you deserved that," he did, turning to Layla.

"Come on, Layla, we don't want to get caught up in traffic." He held her hand as they both walked out of the airport.

"I'll kill you, Regan," Aurora yelled, running after them with Layla's luggage.

***

"Pregnant!!!" Aurora exclaimed in surprise.

"Yes, I'm pregnant," Layla confirmed. They arrived home an hour ago, and Regan left after he dropped them off, promising to get her a job and also treat her to a meal before leaving but not after getting an earful from Aurora.

"Wow," Aurora said, smiling.

"What?"

"I can't believe you're pregnant; so you've finally had sex. Wow, my best friend is no longer a virgin." She jumped happily as Layla glared at her. Well, she wouldn't blame her reaction; who in the world remains a virgin until age twenty-one?

"That's good news, Layla; wait, is that why you left home to come all the way here?" Aurora paused, pointing accusingly at Layla, who sat on the couch.

"Yes, that is the reason I left home," Layla sighed. She still hasn't told Aurora everything; she must be thinking that Mike is the father of her unborn baby.

"But why? Don't tell me your father had a problem with that. I mean, he knows Mike; Mike is like a family to your family, or wait" she gasped, sitting beside Layla.

"Did Mike deny the pregnancy?" She exclaimed in horror as Layla shook her head.

"No, he did not."

"Then I guess it must be because of Rosalie or even Scarlet," Aurora said with a frown. She never liked Rosalie and her daughter, not even a bit.

"I'm sure Rosalie has a hand in this. I mean, her and that daughter of hers mean no good," she stated.

"Yes, technically, it's because of Rosalie and Scarlet," Layla confirmed.

"I knew it!"

"I knew both mother and daughter have a hand in this."

"But why did you leave then? You could have put them in their place, and why did Mike let you go with his baby?" She kept bombarding Layla with questions.

"That's where the real problem sets in," Layla responded, resting helplessly on the couch. That's the problem she's dealing with now; she has no idea about the father, his name, identity, where he's from-the only thing she knows about him is his face, he was not even from Seattle.

"I don't get you; how's being pregnant for Mike a problem?" Aurora asked softly.

"Because he's not the father," Layla announced as Aurora mouthed an 'oh.'
###chapter 7
"So let's get this straight," Aurora began after listening to one hell of an explanation from Layla.

"You're pregnant, right?" She asked as Layla shook her head.

"But Mike is not the father?"

"How many times am I going to tell you that?" Layla pointed out.

"You caught Mike cheating with Scarlet, so because of that, you got yourself drunk and ended up having a one-night stand?"

"Precisely."

"Now you have no idea about the father?"

"Yes, I've never met him before; we just met by accident," Layla responded.

"So you left home because you think Rosalie is a threat?"

"I don't think she is a threat, Aurora, she is," Layla said. She had experienced the most painful heartbreak; her boyfriend cheated on her with no other woman than her stepsister, who she always thought had her back but had no idea that she was a bitch.

"I might wake up one morning and see that she has drilled the baby out of me," Layla said in a single breath. Rosalie was very hostile and was capable of doing something like that; she can even suggest an abortion and convince her Dad to make her do it.

"True, Rosalie can definitely do that," Aurora nodded in agreement. She and Layla attended the same high school along with her brother Regan, and they've been close friends since then. She has witnessed Rosalie's hostility towards Layla and can definitely confess to that; Rosalie was wicked and can do stupid things if she has to. She was like the wicked stepmother in fairy tales.

"Do I have no choice than to leave? I can never take a life," Layla voiced out, rubbing her flat tummy slowly.

"I agree with you, keep the child Layla, and know that you have I and Regan's support," Aurora assured, placing her hand on Layla's.

"Umabout that," Layla began nervously.

"Don't tell Regan about my pregnancy yet," Layla requested; she didn't want to tell anyone about it yet.

"But why? Don't tell me you plan on hiding it? That will not be possible; months from now, you'll have a bump," Aurora pointed out.

"I'm not hiding it; it's just for the meantime, it should remain a secret between us. At least until I secure a job," Layla said. She really had to start saving up for the future.

"Regan is already working on that, but I think you should still tell him; you have our support, Layla," Aurora assured softly.

"I know, but I don't feel comfortable about it yet. I should start work in earnest so I can get an apartment."

"You don't have to worry about that, Layla; this house is mine, and I live alone. You're welcome to stay as long as you want. Even when you finally have your baby, I'd be delighted to have you both around, so there's no need for getting an apartment," Aurora phrased.

"Thanks, Aurora," Layla appreciated, feeling teary. Aurora has been like a sister to her and has always been there during the hard times.

"You're welcome, baby girl, Mike, that son of a pig," Aurora clenched her fist in anger.

"How dare he?" She asked no one in particular.

"He deserves a punch straight in the face if his," she muttered in anger.

"I know, right?" Layla said, yawning; she was feeling so tired. She has not had a decent rest for the past two days.

"I'm tired," she yawned, standing up.

"Oh, it must be because of your trip; go to your room and have some rest; breakfast will be ready once you wake up," Aurora informed as Layla smiled brightly.

"Thanks," she mouthed, walking sluggishly to her room.

***

Layla woke up to the sound of the alarm, yawning, she climbed off the bed, walking sluggishly to the bathroom to relieve herself.

She was about to go back to bed when the smell of waffles wafted through her nose, making her stomach grumble.

She walked to the kitchen, but was surprised to see Regan there flipping a pancake with an apron tied around his waist.

"Regan," she called in surprise, not expecting to see him.

"Morning, sleepyhead," he flashed a smile at her.

"I didn't expect to see you here," she confessed as he chuckled.

"I wanted to make you breakfast," he replied.

"Oh good gracious, I can't wait," Layla salivated; Regan was a very good cook, even better than his sister and her.

"I've missed your cooking," she confessed.

"You should, I'm the best after all."

"You wish," she teased, and they both laughed.

"Where's Aurora?" Layla asked, looking around.

"She's probably still sleeping."

"I'm right here," Aurora said loudly, walking out of her room, banging the door behind her.

"What are you doing here?" She asked Regan directly.

"I came to make Layla breakfast; I'm sure you're not blind," he smiled at her as Aurora sent him a hard glare.

"Just so you know, two grown-up women are now living here, so you just can't barge in whenever you like; we have our privacy," Aurora drew out.

"I mean who comes into a woman's house unannounced; so please drop my house key when you're leaving and call whenever you're coming over again," Aurora instructed with a note of finality in her voice.

"Here's your breakfast," Regan said to Layla, ignoring Aurora as he placed a plate of pancakes with strawberry and chocolate toppings in front of her.

"Eat up," he gestured.

"You too Aurora, sit, I'll serve you yours," he informed as Aurora sat beside Layla.

"Why did you come this early, hmm?" She questioned curiously.

"Because I came with good news," he began as Layla raised her head up.

"Good news?" She queried.

"Yes, and it's for you, Layla," he responded, his face beaming with smiles as Layla wondered what good news he must have brought.

"So go and tell us, what's the good news?" Aurora motioned eager to know what he was planning to say as well.

"I have a friend who works as a manager in Raleigh company; I talked to him about you. Luckily for you, there happened to be a vacant space, so you got the job," he announced happily as Layla squealed.

"Really?"

"Yes, and you're starting work today," he informed; Layla stilled.

"Wait, today?" Layla yelled in panic.

"Yes, tod."

"And you didn't tell me about it!!!"

"I was going."

"Whatever, thanks Regan, you're a lifesaver," Layla appreciated running to her room to get dressed for work.
###chapter 8
Regan pulled up in front of a tall and big company. According to what Aurora had told Layla, Raleigh company was located in different parts of the world, but the headquarters were right here in New York.

"Here we are, shortie," Regan said as Layla stared at the company.

"Thanks for everything," Layla appreciated, alighting from the car.

"You're welcome. Enjoy your first day at work," he waved as Layla closed the door shut.

"I will. Bye," she waved as she watched him drive away.

Regan had told her everything she needed to know when they were driving here. She had been appointed as a secretary. According to him, she was very lucky she got the job.

"All right," Layla took in a deep breath, taking a look at herself.

"Here I come," she whispered to herself, walking towards the entrance of the company.

Entering the company, she met a woman with blonde straight hair at the reception area. Beside her was another lady who was on the phone.

"Hi," Layla muttered nervously.

"Hi, how can I help you?" The lady asked politely.

"I'm Layla Marko"

"Layla Markos, right?" She interrupted with a question as Layla shook her head slowly.

"Yes," Layla mouthed.

"You must be the new secretary?" She asked.

"Yes, I am."

"Come with me, please," she instructed with a smile, walking out from behind the reception table. Layla followed her closely towards the elevator.

"You're late," she voiced out as they both walked into the elevator while the lady pressed the button with twenty-nine written on it.

"II" Layla stammered, looking for a reasonable excuse.

"It's okay. Don't sweat yourself," she chimed in sweetly.

"Just make sure to be punctual from now on, and I'm sure Mr. Alden might take it lenient with you since it's your first day," she said, and all Layla could do was nod her head.

"Mr. Xander will see you through all that you need to know, so you're in good hands," she said.

"And also, there are basic rules you need to follow. I won't have the time to tell you everything, but I'll give you the basics," she stated, and Layla indicated that she was listening.

"You'll be working as the president's secretary. There are only two things I can tell you. One, don't look into his eyes, ever," she warned in a cold voice, which made Layla flinch. Well, she didn't come here to look into people's eyes; she came here to work. She can do just fine.

"And lastly, maintain a good distance. In conclusion, don't get on his bad side, if you want to last long here," the elevator made a ding sound, indicating they had reached their destination.

Stepping out of the elevator, Layla walked behind the woman as she led her through the hallways. From Layla's conclusion, whoever the president was, she needed to avoid him. From the way the lady spoke, it seemed as if he was highly feared.

"Excuse me," Layla began, curious to ask a question.

"Yes, any question?"

"Um, what did you mean by 'if I want to last long here'? It's kind of confusing," Layla chuckled sheepishly.

The lady stopped in her tracks, Layla doing the same immediately. She turned to face Layla with a grim expression on her face.

"It's simple. It's because none of the secretaries who have worked under the president have ever lasted a month. The highest is a month and a week," she explained, and Layla found herself gulping loudly.

"But why?" She stammered.

"Because they made mistakes," she responded, turning away from Layla as she continued working.

"What kind of mistakes, I might as well know them so I can avoid it in the future," Layla requested. The last thing she wants is to lose this job; the pay is really nice, and she doesn't want Regan to go through the trouble of finding her another job.

"First of all, he hates lateness. Second, the president is easily paranoid, so any slight mistake, you're out," she replied, and Layla found herself chuckling in amusement.

"And my name is Bertha," she introduced.

"We're here," Bertha announced as they stopped right in front of a door.

"This is your office," she informed, opening the door as they both stepped in.

"And the president's office is on the right," she informed as Layla carefully noted everything down.

"Thanks," she muttered.

"Mr. Xander will be here any minute to guide you because you're starting work immediately. Seeing the last secretary just got fired, trust me, a lot of work is waiting for you," she said as Layla smiled.

"I can handle that," she said softly.

"I'm sure you will."

"It seems like you fear the president a lot," Layla reasoned. From the way she spoke, one could easily tell.

"Everyone fears him," Bertha replied. Almost immediately, the door sprang open, and two men walked in. Bertha immediately bowed her head slightly when she saw them, but Layla found herself staring.

Two incredibly good-looking men. The man in the brown suit, brown hair, brown eyes, was exceptionally cute and looked nice, but the man beside him screamed dominance and had this dangerous aura emanating from him. He looked  like a bad boy, the one most parents would warn their children to stay away from. She unconsciously looked at his eyes and froze when she saw his icy blue eyes staring directly and dangerously at her. Bertha kept tugging Layla's shirt, trying to tell her to look away, but Layla couldn't.

His icy blue eyes looked so familiar, very much familiar. And if her memories were not failing her, his face was familiar. Then she realized who he was; he was the man from that night, the one she's pregnant for. Layla wanted to scream, but no words came out from her mouth.

She felt his hard gaze on her as he clenched his fist; he looked as if he was going to pounce on her. Then he growled in anger, the type of growl that made both Layla and Bertha flinch in fear. Then his loud voice thundered in the room.

"What the hell are you doing here!?"
###chapter 9
Everyone's eyes were directed at Layla, who stood frightened. They wondered curiously about what she might have done to the president in the past, or if they had ever crossed paths before, to make him this furious.

"Xander, who is she, and what is she doing here?" He asked again in a thunderous voice, his icy blue eyes cold as death itself.

"Nolan, this is your new secretary. Do you know her?" Xander questioned, facing Nolan, who took a step forward.

"Come with me," he said to Layla, dragging her away towards his office, not giving her any chance to speak.

"What are you doing here?" He asked immediately he banged the door behind him, pinning her to the wall with his hands around her neck.

"II ..I." Layla coughed as she struggled with her breath. Never did she expect to meet him here or this way. But why the hell was he overreacting? Did she ever do anything to anger him?

"Answer me!!!" He growled, and Layla felt her heart seize. If there was another word for scary, then it should be used on him because he scared the living hell out of her.

"I.." Layla coughed; how did he expect her to speak when he was strangling her?

"Who sent you?" His breath fanned her face, and Layla immediately felt like crying. What does he mean by all that? No one sent her. She came here to work.

"Please let me go," she managed to say, or he might kill her before even realizing it.

"Speak," he ordered, removing his hands from her neck, pushing her aside as if she was some sort of trash.

"I don't understand you," Layla stammered with watery eyes.

"Who sent you? Or did you think you could come in here because we had sex once? I will not ask again. Why are you here?"

"I don't know what you're talking about. No one sent me, and I'm not here because we had sex," Layla replied with labored breathing. He actually thought she was an imposter planted to spy on him.

"I swear, I have no idea about you. I don't know your name, your status, or anything. I just came here to work, nothing else," she said, trying to sound convincing. Who would have thought that he would react like that? It only means that he would kill her if she told him about the pregnancy, saying she's an imposter trying to pin a baby on him. She was pretty sure he would do that.

"Look, sir, what happened was a one-night stand, and I've long forgotten about that or if it even happened. So please believe me when I say I have no ulterior motives here; I only came to work," she voiced out, rubbing her neck slowly; it was hurting her.

"I have my eyes on you. If you ever try anything stupid, I'll kill you," he swore in a single breath as he walked to his chair.

Layla found herself stumbling backward; it was not just any threat. From the way he looked at her, he would really kill her.

"I won't try"

"Get out," he ordered, and Layla quickly dashed out of the office without giving it a second thought. Layla closed the door behind her, and she rested on it, breathing slowly.

What has she gotten herself into? That man is scary as hell. How will she tell him he got her pregnant from that night? He might not even believe her. From the way he looked at her, she could tell he hated her to the core; his eyes spelt nothing but hatred as if she was some sort of mistake.

"Oh, Layla, you're in trouble now," she gasped, arranging her hair and clothes before leaving for her office.

***

Layla got into her office to see the other man waiting for her; Bertha was long gone.

"Miss Layla," he called upon seeing her, and Layla stood a few meters away from him, still shaken from what happened earlier.

"Congratulations on getting picked as a secretary," he said, and a smile ghosted his face.

"Thanks, sir," Layla mumbled as she sniffled with her head facing downwards. She has sworn within herself that she would live as a ghost in the office. She would never look at anyone in the eye; it would be as if she doesn't exist.

Now she knows why Bertha warned her against the president; he was so hostile, and from the way he reacted, she felt she wouldn't last a week.

"Here, this file contains everything you need to know about your work. You can also ask Bertha to put you through, and I can help when I'm less busy," he offered as Layla found herself sighing in relief that this one was not as hostile as the president, who looked like his friend.

"Thanks, sir."

"It's Xander," he flashed a warm smile at me.

"Nice to meet you," Layla said nervously as they shook hands.

"Regan specifically told me to take good care of you," he informed as Layla nodded. He was the friend Regan talked about, the one who helped Regan get her a job.

"Thanks," she appreciated. She wanted to meet the one that helped her and personally thank him.

"For what?" He chuckled, and Layla could not help but admire how good looking he was. In fact, the president was good looking as well; he just had this dangerous aura, while Xander looked cool to be around.

"For helping me get the job."

"It's nothing besides the seat was vacant, and we happened to be looking for someone."

"Still thanks," Layla stated.

"All right, have a nice day and enjoy your first day at work," he wished going towards the president's office.

Layla exhaled sharply, throwing herself on the chair like a starfish. Coping here would look like a hassle, but she will do just fine if she makes sure to avoid the so-called president. But how can that be possible when they work on the same floor?
###chapter 10
"Nolan" Xander called in a low voice as he walked into Nolan's office.

"What did you want?" Nolan snapped, anger clearly evident in his face.

"Chill, man. What's up with all the anger?" Xander teased, taking his seat.

"So tell me, what was the cause of your behavior earlier today?" Xander questioned curiously.

"Why did you employ her before telling me?" Nolan gritted his teeth with clenched fists.

"I thought you said you didn't care, and I can employ anyone," Xander raised a brow at Nolan.

"What's wrong with her? You never spared a glance at your past secretaries, but it seems this one is getting you all worked up," Xander reasoned. Nolan was a kind of person who never gave a damn; he was fine as long as things went his way. That was one of the main reasons why his secretaries never stayed more than a month because he always found problems with them, and he was not the type to give second chances.

"She's the one," Nolan said after much hesitation.

"Which one?" Xander pursed his lips as he thought hard on what Nolan was talking about.

"Wait, your mate?" He pointed out, and the look on Nolan's face confirmed it. They were mates.

"She's your mate, isn't she?" Xander asked Nolan, who had long looked away from him, trying to focus his attention on a file.

"She is not," he snapped coldly.

"Oh, yes, she is. She's the one you met when you went on a trip to Seattle, the reason for your restlessness and your ferociousness."

"My mate died a long time ago," Nolan retorted venomously, and the pen he was holding snapped in two.

"A long time ago, Nolan," Xander reminded him.

"I know you don't want to believe it, but it's time you move on from the shackles of sadness holding you back. That's why the moon goddess probably decided to give you a second chance, mate," Xander says but only received a glare from Nolan.

"We're not having this conversation again or I might forget that you're my best friend."

Nolan Alden was the Alpha of the enchanted moon pack, the most feared amongst Lycans and werewolves; he was also the most feared among humans. His mate Vera died a long time ago during the war between werewolves and lycans, and since that incident, he became a shadow of his former self. Cold, hostile, wicked, unforgiving, everyone feared him and stayed far away from him. His heart turned dark when he lost his mate.

"Reject her," Xander suggested as Nolan lifted his gaze.

"If you don't want her, reject her," Xander shrugged his shoulders as Nolan's jaw worked. Xander noticed Nolan's blue eyes turning red, and he could guess what was happening; Nolan was fighting against his wolf. His wolf wanted his mate, but he didn't.

After struggling with his wolf for some time, he opened his eyes and said, "I will reject her." After what happened back in Seattle, he hated himself; he was driven by the mate bond to do what he did, coupled with the influence of alcohol. Not only did he hate himself, but he also hated Layla for ever approaching him.

"Do you mean it?" Xander asked in bewilderment; he thought Nolan was not going to take him seriously.

"I don't bluff."

***

"I swear today is the most awful day of my life," Layla frowned as she explained everything that happened in the office to Aurora.

"You need to see the way he looked at me, the fire in his eyes; for a moment, I felt like trash," Layla said. She really felt disgusted at herself. Not only that, he sent chills down her spine; he looked so scary and dangerous, like he badly wanted to kill her.

"Calm down, I'm sure he will reason with you once he finds out you are pregnant for him," Aurora reasoned, and Layla glanced at her before suddenly bursting into a dry laughter.

"You still don't get it, do you?"

"He hates me," Layla deadpanned.

"From the way he looked at me, you'll definitely know that he regrets ever meeting me; he pinned me to the wall, Aurora, he almost choked me to death. What's my crime? It's not as if I seduced him to have sex with me," Layla uttered in frustration. Working with a person like him will be a great hassle. She would have loved to quit, but finding another good paying job will be a problem.

"That's why you should tell him you're pregnant with his child. Look, Layla, men love having kids; it will be like a dream come true for him," Aurora tried to convince Layla.

"That word does not apply to my boss," Layla chuckled.

"Have you ever met him?"

"Everyone fears him in the office and maintains a safe distance; he did not even welcome me on my first day. What am I even saying? He almost killed me!!" Layla shrieked.

"I think you should tell him still," Aurora tried to convince Layla.

"He thinks I'm a gold digger, that I probably came for his money, so what do you think he will say if I tell him about this? He'll kill me," Layla drew out. She had concluded not to tell him anything and just stop working when the time comes.

"I don't know your reason for this, but I still think he deserves to know, but if you're not comfortable with that, fine by me, you still have my full support," Aurora assured, smiling at Layla.

"Thanks," Layla mumbled, hugging Aurora. Settling in has been so stressful, but she'll do just fine.

"So what do you plan on doing now?" Aurora questioned as Layla pursed her lips.

"What do you mean?"

"What will you do now you're working under the father of your unborn child, how do you cope?" Aurora asked, sounding worried.

"Simple, ignore him, act like he doesn't exist, and I'm sure I'll do just fine," Layla replied. That would be so easy for her to do; besides, she hated him.
###chapter 11
Layla typed noisily on her computer as she had a lot of work that had been piled up for her; Nolan had instructed that she finish up before he returned back from his meeting.

She was still engrossed in her work when she heard some footsteps walking towards her. She lifted her head to see a woman nicely dressed standing before her.

"Good day, how can I help you?" Layla asked politely, wondering who the woman might be. As far as she was concerned, she was not an employee here.

"I want to see Nolan," the lady requested, staring intently at Layla, who found her gaze uncomfortable.

"The President is currently having a meeting, please wait for him," she said, returning to her work. Curious to know about the strange lady, from the way she called Nolan, one would think that they were a thing. She never knew that Nolan had a girlfriend.

"Okay," the lady flashed a smile at Layla before going to sit down.

A few moments later, a male figure walked in, and the lady immediately stood up, rushing to him.

"Nolan," she called in excitement, and she wrapped her hands around him.

"Carla, what are you doing here?" He questioned, pulling Carla away from him as he looked irritated.

"I came to see you, why else will I be here?" She giggled as Nolan began to walk into his office, Carla walking behind him.

Layla watched them walk into Nolan's office until the door was shut closed. She snorted in sarcasm, returning to her work. 'So he has a girlfriend?' she thought to herself. She felt an unexplainable feeling when she thought about that but decided to brush it off as it was none of her business.

***

IN NOLAN'S OFFICE

"Why are you here?" Nolan questioned, pulling off his coat as he took his seat.

"I came to see you," Carla replied, taking her seat as well opposite him.

"Don't tell me you came all the way from the pack to see me?"

"Yes, I came to see you, I've missed you," Carla said, and Nolan glanced sideways at her.

"You don't even call, Nolan. You've not been to the pack for three months, and you never called to ask about me, that's not fair," she pouted, and she folded her arms across her chest.

"I was busy," came his curt reply.

"And it's not as if I'm obligated to call you," he added in a cold voice, and Carla's face fell in disappointment. When was he ever going to look at her? It's been five years now, and he still fails to notice her.

"You should have at least still called," she mumbled.

"Alright," she braced herself up.

"The second reason I'm here is to pass some information to you about the pack," she began.

"What is it?"

"Wolfsbane was found in our pipelines, the ones supplying water straight to the pack," she informed, and Nolan abruptly stopped what he was doing.

"How is that possible?" He questioned.

"I don't know; someone obviously planted it there, but thankfully it was spotted by Darren before it could cause any damage." Darren was Nolan's beta and oversaw everything that went on in the pack whenever Nolan was not around, while Xander was his gamma, the one who usually went around with the Alpha.

"How is Darren dealing with it now?" He asked; if there was one thing Nolan cared the most about in his life right now, it was his people.

"Pretty well, we've increased the security, and he's trying to catch the perpetrators," she responded, fixing her gaze on Nolan, who had a worried look on his face.

"You don't have to worry about anything; we're dealing quite fine, everyone is safe," she assured warmly.

"You can go now," he dismissed her, and Carla's face wore a state of shock. She's not even spent up to thirty minutes, and he was dismissing her.

"But I just arrived; you should at least treat me to a meal, take me out on a tour and" she listed on, but a glare from Nolan was enough to shut her up.

"You've been in New York long enough to know around this place; you can get some food on your way back to the pack if you're hungry," he said, and Carla bit her lips in anger, trying hard to control her rage.

"Okay, I will," she managed to say through gritted teeth.

"You can inform Darren that I'll be at the pack tonight to check things out for myself," he stated.

"Really??" Carla exclaimed, as her joy knew no bounds. Nolan is coming to the pack.

"Yes," he confirmed.

"Great!!"

"There's no need for me to leave now; we can leave together at night," she suggested, wanting to spend some more time with him.

"You can leave; I have something to deal with. I'll be there at midnight," he declined, waving her off.

"Don't worry, Nolan; I can wait," she voiced out, her face beaming with smiles.

"Leave Carla," he growled at her, and her smile instantly fell.

"I'll leave, bye," she waved sullenly, as she dragged her feet to the door. He didn't even bother to wave back at her. She would just have to persevere a little more; Nolan will definitely be here; with time, he'll forget his dead mate.

She stepped out to see Layla working on some files. Something just didn't sit well with her about the new secretary, and she didn't like her.

"Hey, what's your name?" She asked Layla coldly.

"It's Layla," Layla responded startled at the way Carla approached her.

"Layla, Layla," Carla repeatedly said as she observed Layla. Dark brown straight hair that stopped above her shoulders, brown eyes and overall, cute.

"Don't think of trying anything with Nolan, or I wouldn't hesitate to break your bones," she threatened as Layla stared at her perplexed.

"I don't get you," Layla uttered, she can't just work up to her and begin to threaten her.

"Of course, you won't; you will when I catch you trying to seduce Nolan, till then have a good day," she smiled walking away from Layla.

"What a delusional woman, I wonder where he picked her from," Layla shook her head.

"If you feel insecure about your boyfriend, you can as well hold him tight; he probably doesn't find you attractive," she mumbled to herself as she tried hard to control her anger; that bitch just made her very angry.

"I'll break your bones next time instead."

"Break whose bones?" Someone asked from behind her as she turned to see Nolan standing there.
###chapter 12
Layla stood up in a haste as she turned to face Nolan.

"S..ir.." she stammered in surprise. When did he get to where she was?

"Who were you speaking to?" He asked as she stumbled backward, facing the ground.

"No one," she replied shakily. Up till now, this man still scares the living hell out of her.

"Where are the files I told you to work on?" He requested as she quickly walked to the table.

"They're here, sir, but I've not finished working on them," she replied.

"Take this," he handed a key to her as she looked at it curiously.

"Si..r," she stuttered, collecting the keys from him as she looked at it curiously.

"Do you have a car?" He asked as she shook her head, indicating a no.

"That's the key to my penthouse," he began as Layla squinted her eyes. Why was he giving her his house key?

"Have this also," he gave her another card which contained an address.

"That's the address to my penthouse. After closing from work today, take the files you worked on there," he instructed, and Layla noted everything down.

"I have somewhere to be immediately after work, so there'll be no time to take it home. Drop the files when you get there; there's no one at home," he informed.

"Okay, sir," Layla responded like an obedient puppy as she tossed what he gave her aside.

"Can you drive a car?" He questioned.

"No, sir," she replied, and she heard him mumble some words to himself.

"Who in the world doesn't know how to drive a car in this century?" He asked no one in particular, annoyance written all over his face.

"I'm sorry, sir. I never had the chance to learn," Layla apologized, sneering at him inwardly. Was he trying to insult her? She never knew that it was a crime not to know how to drive.

"What an insolent man," she scoffed, mumbling the words to herself, her head still facing the ground, so she didn't take notice of when Nolan snapped his gaze at her before looking away quickly. He heard her.

"You should be ashamed of yourself; you're a lady, a grown-up one," he spat, deadpanning the word "lady."
Layla balled her fist as she fumed in anger. The fact that she works under him does not mean he can just throw insults at her. She can't drive, all thanks to Rosalie.

"The last time I checked, sir, it's not a crime not to know how to drive, and you can teach me if you really feel I need to learn," she voiced out in her most polite tone, not wanting to sound rude. The day she resigns, she would make sure to do something to him. Layla swore to herself.

"Take a taxi there, meet Xander during the break time, he will give you some cash," Nolan said before going straight into his office. He didn't want to spend another moment with her.

"Seriously!" Layla exclaimed loudly. She had been standing for close to an hour now, waiting for a taxi, but none had passed by. She had gotten lots of missed calls from Aurora asking about her whereabouts; her battery died a few minutes ago because she would have ordered an Uber. It was getting dark already, and the time had already passed eight. If she didn't deliver these files to Nolan's apartment, he would fire her because whatever he was up to, it sounded urgent.

"Come on," she groaned in frustration, praying endlessly for a taxi to pass by. This was not the kind of life she signed up for when she was coming to New York. She wanted to work, yes, but this job was more than hectic for her. It's been a week, but yet she hasn't spent some quality time for herself; she leaves in the morning and works her ass off until the evening.

"Oh, thank God," she gasped in relief as the flashlight of a car dawned on her. She waved her hands in the air, indicating for the taxi driver to stop.

She quickly got into the car after showing the man her address. Layla sat thinking during the whole quiet ride. Her life has been having different twists and turns lately; it never turned out the way she wanted. She had always wanted to be an author, a best-selling author, but now it has turned out to be a mere dream since she had another human to cater for. Her unborn baby.

Now she's working her ass off, trying to save up until her pregnancy becomes due. After that, she would leave New York for a very faraway place. A place where she would be sure that her and Nolan would never cross paths.

She was scared that her child would live the kind of life she lived, the things she passed through. If Nolan comes to know about it one day, he might as well accept the pregnancy and, in due time, take the baby away from her-something she would make sure to avoid. Another woman raising her child.

"Madam, madam.." she heard echoes in her thoughts as she snapped out of her trance.

"Huh?" she mumbled; the driver had been calling out for her.

"We're here; we've arrived at the address," he informed.

Layla stepped out of the car and paid for her transport fare.

"Thanks," she mumbled, and the taxi drove away. She walked a little further to see a building in front of her. She quickly went towards the penthouse to get things done with; it was almost nighttime. She opened the door and stepped into the house. The moment she stepped in, all the lights came on, and all Layla could do was wow. The place was neat, well arranged, and, lastly, beautiful.

"I think he's the neat one," Layla reasoned out, going over to drop the files on the table so she could leave immediately.

She quickly was about to leave when she heard a low growl behind her. Layla froze as she tried registering what she heard. It was a growl.

She slowly turned to see what it was, and lo and behold, it was a hairy doglike wolf. Layla yelled in fright the moment their eyes met. The dog glared menacingly at her, baring its teeth.

"Please don't come close," Layla whimpered as she was really scared of dogs.

"Woof," the dog barked at her, and soon after, Layla began to scream at the top of her voice, the dog barking loudly, both of them simultaneously.

"Haaa," she yelled, about to take to her heels when the dog charged at her. The dog was so huge that if it caught up with her, it would eat her alive.

Soon after, Layla and the dog began to run around the house as the dog chased her, barking at her.

"Please stop," Layla begged almost in tears as she ran. But the dog was faster than her and caught up with her. Layla fell on the floor with a thud, the dog standing on top of her body barking.

It raised its paws at her, and Layla yelped in fright.

"Damn you, Nolan," she cursed whimpering in fear. He told her no one was home. He never mentioned a dog.

"Woof," the dog bared its teeth at her, and Layla yelled in fear as she was scared beyond measure, then suddenly she lost consciousness. The last thing she saw was the dog placing its paw on her face.
###chapter 13
"Layla, Layla," Nolan called softly as he shook Layla's body gently.

"Layla," Layla's eyes fluttered open as she blinked them repeatedly. She yelled in fright as she sat up quickly from the ground. She passed out because of the fear of being eaten by a wolf-like dog.

"Haa!!!!" She yelled, clutching the person behind her tight; the dog was seated right in front of her, with its tongue sticking out as it panted.

She slowly looked up to see the person behind her but only screamed in shock when their eyes met. His icy blue eyes pierced through her. She thought he had something important to take care of, what was he doing here?

"S..ir," she stammered, still holding him tight, not wanting to let go in fear of being bitten by the dog.

"Why were you lying on the ground?" He snapped at her as he stood up, leaving her on the ground.

"Because I fainted," she replied breathlessly. Was he asking her a pointless question? Did he not meet her unconscious?

"And why did you faint?" He uttered in a cold voice. He came here running like a mad man thinking something bad had happened to her. He was supposed to be at the pack house right now. He collected her contact number from the employee list earlier, so he could ask her if she had successfully delivered the files. But when he called and got no response from her, the wolf inside of him became anxious thinking something might have happened to its mate, that's the reason he came here.

"Because of.." Layla stuttered, pointing her index finger at the dog who barked at her immediately it saw her finger.

"Haa!!!" She screamed, bolting up from the ground, and she went to hold Nolan tight.

"Because of Maddox?" He raised a brow at her, and she nodded. It was all because of Maddox, the dog was just as scary as its owner.

"Maddox is a harmless dog; it only wants to play," Nolan spelled out, gritting his teeth. He basically came running here for nothing.

"I don't like to play," she said softly. If this was the definition of playing, then she didn't mind being a serious-minded person all the days of her life.

"You said no one was home," she began in accusation. He would have mentioned the dog so she could take extra precautions.

"No one is home," he deadpanned as his eyes traveled to her hands that were holding his arms tight. He badly wanted to push her away but his body and mind were not working together. His body wanted her but his mind didn't.

"But there's a dog," she breathed out, still shaken by the fact that she almost got eaten by a dog.

"And it wanted to eat me," she mouthed, sending deadly glares at Maddox who sat obediently wagging its tail.

"If it wanted to eat you, your bones would have been the only thing left on the ground; he only wants to play," he informed.

"Maddox," he called out, and Maddox immediately sat up quickly.

"Come here," he called, and Maddox came to meet him obediently. Layla immediately held him tighter when Maddox came close.

"He means no harm," Nolan began squatting down as he placed his hands on Maddox's head, rubbing it softly.

"In fact, I think he likes you, because on a normal day no random person will walk out of that door alive."

'Can you hear yourself!!' Layla wanted to say, but controlled herself. He knows how feral his dog is, but still he sent her here. What if the dog didn't end up liking her? Then she would have been dead?

"I think I should get going, it's getting late," Layla announced, having a look at her watch; it was a few minutes to nine. For how long was she out?

"Yeah, you should," Nolan uttered, standing up.

"You can go now."

"Okay, sir," Layla said, walking away, and she bolted out of the door in a haste.
***
Layla walked alone along the dark road. She waited for the taxi for a long time, and when it didn't come, she opted to walk. It was so late at night, and it seemed as if it would rain soon.

"Aurora will be so worried," she muttered to herself. Her phone battery was dead, and there was no way she could get through Aurora.

Soon the rain began to pour heavily, and Layla had no choice but to hide under a tree, which did not help in shielding her from the rain. Her body was already very wet, and on top of it all, she was feeling very cold and hungry. Because of the work piled up for her, she didn't have lunch, the same thing with breakfast.

"It's all because of him," Layla gritted, squatting under the tree as she was getting drenched in the rain. If not for the baby she was carrying, she would have walked home regardless of the rain. But now she had something to protect; she couldn't afford to get a cold or even stress herself out.

"It's all because of him," she sniffled, tears dropping from her eyes. The rain didn't seem as if it was going to stop soon as it got heavier each passing second.

"What do I do now?" She whimpered sadly, placing her hands around her stomach in a protective manner. She would have walked back to his house, but she felt too cold to do that; he was the cause of all this.

Whatever happened between them was never her fault; it was because of the alcohol she took, and she never forced herself on him. Then why should he take it out on her and make her suffer from it? If he feels as if he made a mistake, he should take it out on himself, not her. She was never the cause of him cheating on his rude girlfriend who she hated so much at first sight.

"I hate him," she shivered, feeling nothing but pure hate for him. She once found him attractive, but not anymore. She hated him. He probably sent her to his house to purposely make her go home at night. Which grown man would leave a lady all by herself at this time of the night?

She was still squatting under the tree when she noticed an approaching vehicle, its light shining brightly on her. She wanted to stand up and wave for the car to stop, but she had no strength left in her.

The car pulled up right in front of Layla, and she wondered who it was. Someone stepped out of the car holding an umbrella, and he walked up to her.

"Layla," the person called, and she slowly looked up to see the dangerously good-looking face of the person she hated more than anything. Nolan Alden.
###chapter 14
Nolan was not comfortable with himself the moment Layla stepped out of the house; his inner man was troubled, and he fought so hard with himself to keep calm. But he became more uncomfortable when the rain started pouring down heavily. Based on the kind of environment he lived in, he was fully aware that there was no way she would find a taxi at this time of night, so she would probably be drenched under the rain.

He immediately began to regret why he sent her off without any protection; what if something bad happened to her? His wolf immediately turned restless, wanting to come out of him to find its mate. That's when he drove out immediately in a bid to find her.

"Si..r," Layla muttered with her teeth chattering due to the cold as she managed to stand up.

"What are you doing in the rain?" Nolan asked as he was getting angry for no reason; it kind of hurt seeing her drenched.

"I couldn't find a taxi," she responded, wiping off the water droplets from her face.

"You should have called someone," he deadpanned. Who in the world gets themselves wet without asking for help?

"My battery died," she replied.

"Have this," he said, holding her hand up as he placed the umbrella he was holding between them.

"Let's go," he beckoned to her, walking towards his car.

"Aren't you coming?" He questioned, stopping at his car door as she was still standing there like a statue.

"Get into the car," he instructed, and Layla slowly moved her feet. If not for her pregnancy, heaven knows nothing would have made her go with him; he was responsible for the mess she was in, in the first place.

She slowly got into the car, sitting in the front seat. "Oh god," Layla uttered in fear; his car was getting wet from the water dripping from her wet clothes, so she was scared he would flare up at her and tell her to get out.

"Use this to dry yourself," he threw a thick blanket on her lap, and he turned the heater on in the car.

"Than" he never gave Layla the chance to finish thanking him as he drove off.

Layla slowly wrapped the blanket around her body, and she slowly began to feel warm again. "Where are we going, sir?" She asked, seeing he was not going towards the direction of the highway but to his place instead.

"My house," came his curt reply.

"What!!" Layla exclaimed despite the cold she was feeling.

"Do you think I'm going to drive you home in this weather condition and by this time of the night?" he scoffed; he never planned on taking her to her house.

"But.." Layla began, but a glare from him was enough to shut her up.

The rest of the ride was quiet as they soon arrived at his penthouse. They both stepped out of the car, and it was still raining heavily.

"Sir," Layla called, wanting to give his umbrella to him, but he only ignored her as he walked away from her.

"Maybe he does not want to share, same here with me," Layla shrugged her shoulders walking into his apartment.

"You can sleep in any of the rooms available," he instructed, drying his hair with a towel.

"Make yourself comfortable, and don't worry about Maddox; he'll stay very far away from you," he informed, and Layla breathed out in relief. She hated dogs; those annoying fur animals irked her a lot.

"Is there anything else you need?" He asked as their eyes met. Layla found herself drooling at his beauty; a few wet strands of his hair fell on his forehead, making him look marvelous. He looked more handsome and cute now he was in casual clothes.

"Yes, I do," she responded. She needed to get to Aurora and tell her she was fine; secondly, she was starving.

"Which is?"

"I need to charge my phone," she replied.

"You can find any extension cord to use."

"Also, I'm hungry," she mouthed. She would have loved to sleep without eating anything, but she did not have lunch before, and her stomach has been grumbling, begging for food.

"Make yourself something to eat," he phased out, walking away from her, and he went straight to his room.

"Jerk," Layla cursed, watching him walk away. She took a look at her clothes, which were still wet.

"Dammit, how did I go about this?" She asked herself. How will she cook or even sleep with wet clothes? She was still deep in her thoughts when Nolan approached her.

"Do you need anything, sir?" She asked quickly.

"Have this," he stretched his hand forward, handing over some clothes to her.

"Sir!!" Layla shrieked in surprise. Was he seriously offering her his clothes?

"You might get sick if you keep on wearing wet clothes; use this instead," he advised, and Layla accepted the clothes; she needed it anyway.

"Thanks, si" she didn't get to finish yet still as he walked away, banging his door loudly immediately he went into his room.

Layla took a look at the clothes in her hands; it was a thick sweater and a cotton knicker. They were both made of cotton; in fact, the clothes belonged to him because they smelled nice like him. He had this spicy smell that sent butterflies to her stomach each time she inhaled him. If there was one thing about him that distracted her a lot, it was his nice smell and handsomeness.

Layla hastily rushed into one of the rooms to have a hot shower; luckily for her, she found a charger, and she quickly charged her phone. She needed to get through to Aurora before doing anything else; her friend would be more than worried.

About two minutes later, her phone switched on, and she immediately went to the contact list and dialed Aurora's number. After one ring, Aurora picked up the call.

"Hi Aurora, how-"

"Where the hell are you!!!!?"
###chapter 15
"Oh, swear I'm going to kill you once I lay my hands on you. Where the hell have you been?" Aurora yelled over the phone, and Layla had to take the phone away from her ear, or she might lose her hearing.

"I'm fine; my battery died, that's why I've not been able to call."

"But where are you? It's pouring heavily, and it's late." Layla chuckled at her overprotectiveness. Aurora tended to be overprotective of her ever since the day she got bullied in high school.

"I'm at my boss's place," Layla informed.

"Your boss!!! What if he does something to you?"

"I'm fine," Layla sighed, typical Aurora, always being the overprotective one.

"I had something important to deal with, but the rain caught up with me, so I had to spend a night. Stop being a mama bear; I'm fine," Layla tried assuring her, or she might never calm down.

"Alright, take care of yourself, and don't forget to call me if anything comes up. Love you, Layla," she blew a kiss at her, and the call got disconnected.

Layla inhaled sharply, throwing herself on the bed tiredly. After a few minutes, she went to the bathroom to have a hot shower.

"Hmm, they fit quite well," she said, taking a look at Nolan's clothes. Though they were ten times bigger than her, they fit her, and she looked cute in them. Layla quickly rushed to the kitchen to make food for herself. She decided to make spaghetti and meatballs for her and Nolan.

She never wanted to cook for him but decided to do so out of humanity. He let her stay at his place and gave her clothes to wear. It was the little she could do to say thank you.

After she was done preparing the meal, she served Nolan's portion first and went straight to the room he had entered earlier.

"Sir Nolan," she called softly, knocking at the door.

"Sir," she knocked again after about two minutes as she didn't get an answer.

"Si..." she was about to knock for the third time when the door sprang open.

"What do you want!?" He snapped coldly the moment she opened the door.

"Sir, I thought that I could..." Layla never got to finish her statement as Maddox came out of nowhere running towards her as he barked. She was so frightened that she jerked off, and the tray she was holding slipped from her hands, shattering to pieces immediately it fell on the ground.

"Have you gone mad?" He screamed at her in fury. He never asked her for anything, but yet she came and created a huge mess.

"I'm so sorry, sir," Layla apologized, bending down quickly to pick up the spilled spaghetti and the broken pieces of glass.

"Oww," she winced in pain. A broken piece of glass had torn through her flesh, not only that the spaghetti was still hot, and it burned her feet. Yet still, she resolved to clean the mess she had created.

"You must have definitely gone mad; how are you going to do this with your bare hands? Stand up now and stop acting dumb!" He stated, yanking her up from the ground.

"I'm so sorry, sir," Layla apologized and attempted to move away but she only ended up stepping on a broken piece.

"Oww," she winced as blood soon began to flow from there.

"Stop moving for fuck's sake; there are broken glasses everywhere, are you this dumb or just trying to be!" He glared menacingly at her as he carried her off the ground. She was not even wearing slippers.

He carried her into his room, slamming the door behind him.

"Sit there and don't move," he instructed, dropping her on a sofa. Layla sat down obediently, the stupid dog Maddox, the reason for the mess, was long gone; he was never coming at her in the first place. 

She looked around his room, which was alarmingly very huge and nice too.

He walked over to his bedside, and he picked up a telephone.

"Clean the mess in front of my room," he instructed before placing the telephone back in its place. Layla sat quietly, wondering if anyone else lived in this house. He mentioned that he lived alone. Then she recalled that they were in a penthouse; he probably had workers in the main building and had decided to live alone for his reasons.

"You can't get hurt while you're under my care," he said, bringing out a first aid kit from a drawer before going back to where she sat.

"You can do that elsewhere," he said scornfully, holding up her injured hand, and he tended to get wounds. Layla sat unmoving as she watched him tend to her wound; he was gentle, which didn't sound right at all. A person like him could not be described as gentle. From her perspective, he was rude and didn't know how to talk to women.

"Go to your room," he stated after he was done wrapping her finger with a bandage.

"Be careful from now and don't get hurt under my roof," he warned as Layla muttered a thank you before walking out. She saw that the place had already been cleaned up; it was as if nothing ever happened there in the first place. She quietly went to the kitchen to have her portion of food. No matter what, there was something Layla could never afford to miss, that was her meal. Nolan can scold her till the end of the world, but that will not stop her from eating.

"To hell with him," Layla thought, relishing the sweet taste of the food she made.

"I'm surely a good cook," she praised herself. After wrapping everything up, she washed the plates she used in eating before heading for her room.

"Good night, jackass," she glared at his room before going into her room to retire for the night.
###chapter 16
"Layla's eyes fluttered open as the morning sunlight hit her eyes. She yawned loudly, sitting up from the bed, last night's events unfolding in her head. 

How Nolan left her to leave in the middle of the night, how she got stuck in the rain, how he came back to his house, and then how she wanted to offer him dinner but only ended up creating a big mess, and he scolded her.

"Jerk." That was the first word that she uttered out of her mouth as she scrambled out of bed. She quickly arranged the bed, and she went to check out her clothes which she hung in the bathroom. She washed them last night, and luckily for her, they got dried.

She had a quick shower and dressed up, ready to leave.

"Urgh, what do I do about these?" She referred to Nolan's clothes which were on the bed. She didn't want to give them back to him just like that; she felt she needed to wash them.

Folding the clothes, she squeezed them into her bag; she planned to take them home, wash and iron them before returning them back to him.

After making sure the room was intact, Layla stepped out of the room. She quietly closed the door behind her as she tiptoed to the sitting room, not wanting to bump into that man-eating dog Maddox and its master.

"Where do you think you're going?" A loud voice rang in her ears, startling her.

"Haa!!!" She yelled in fear, and she heard Maddox growling at her.

"Maddox." Nolan called in a stern voice, and Maddox went back to its sitting position.

"S..ir." Layla stammered, surprised to see him sitting in the dining room with a glass of wine in front of him. He looked like a grim reaper because he was dressed in black, with his dark red hair falling on his forehead, making him look like a handsome grim reaper.

"Where are you going?" He asked again, keeping a calm demeanor.

"Home."

"I'm going home; I have to get ready for work," she replied in a shaky voice.

"Work." A chuckle ghosted his face as his lips curved up.

"What do you think the time is?"

"It's past seven, isn't it?" Layla asked but got no response from him.

"I'll check my phone instead." She smiled wryly, bringing her phone out from her purse and she checked what the time was.

"It's 10:00 AM!" She squealed; when did she sleep that much, and why didn't he bother to wake her up? She's seriously late for work.

"Let's go," Nolan announced, standing up from the chair he was sitting on.

"Go where?"

"To your house; you can take the day off today," he informed, walking towards the door.

"But sir, I" she did not get to finish as he had already walked out of the door, not giving her a chance to speak.

"Jerk!" Layla cursed, raising her fist in the air at him. She heard a low growl behind her and turned to see Maddox baring its teeth at her.

"You too, jerk!" She cursed at Maddox running off.

***
Nolan's car pulled up in front of Aurora's apartment, and Layla stepped out from the car.

"Thanks si" she didn't get to thank him, and he just drove off.

"Jerk, I never begged you for a ride home." She rolled her eyes.

"Layla." Layla instantly turned to see who it was that called her and was shocked to see Regan standing at the doorpost.

"Regan." She called in surprise. She didn't expect him to see him here and she totally forgot to call Aurora earlier today.

"Hey shortie, I see you already have a boyfriend." He teased as he smiled at her.

"Boyfriend!" Layla exclaimed as she began laughing.

"Him? Boyfriend?" She snorted.

"He's not my boyfriend." She said; she would not even date someone like him. He's as hard as a shell and cold as ice.

"Then who is he? It's as if you didn't spend the night here." He reasoned, staring suspiciously at Layla.

"Oh that, I happened to work overtime and ended up getting caught up in the rain so I had no choice but to lodge at a nearby hotel," she lied as she didn't feel the need to tell Regan about Nolan.

"And him, he's my boss; when he saw my condition this morning, he told me to take the day off and offered to drive me home," she replied.

"I see." Regan kept nodding his head. He had a hunch that she was lying, but he decided not to ask any more questions.

"Yeah." She nodded slowly.

"When did you get here, and where's Aurora?" She asked.

"I just arrived here; I wanted to surprise you. I made your favorite dish, shortie," he informed as Layla giggled.

"Really?"

"Yes."

"That's good because I'm starving." She did not have breakfast before leaving Nolan's place, and she was very hungry but didn't say anything about it as the only thing she wanted was to leave his place.

"Let's go inside or Aurora might chop my balls off." He deadpanned as they both laughed heartily.

"Come on."

Nolan's car was parked a few meters away from Aurora's place, and he watched Layla and Regan speaking with each other. He knew they were not dating because he heard their conversation from where he was due to his heightened senses. He never meant to pry, but curiosity got the best of him.

His phone vibrated, and he picked it up to see who was calling.

"Speak."

"Nolan, I waited for you all night at the pack, but you never showed up," Carla complained over the phone.

"I had something important to deal with; I'm on my way right now." He informed, starting his car.

"What was so important that made you sit back at home huh?" Carla asked curiously.

"I'll be there." He said and he disconnected the call before driving off."
###chapter 17
"Nolan," Carla called in excitement the moment she saw Nolan walk in.

"You're here!" She ran to him feeling so excited on seeing him. He looked so gorgeous like the morning sun, and the black clothes he was putting on made him look even more stunning.

"I was so worried about you." She pouted, hugging him tight. 'Hmm, he smells so nice,' Carla thought to herself, inhaling his pleasant scent.

"Where's Darren?" Nolan requested, pulling out of the hug.

"He's currently not in the pack, but I told him you were coming," she responded, walking behind Nolan who went straight to the conference room.

"Tell him to come over immediately; I'll be here for only a short period of time," he ordered, sitting on one of the chairs.

"I'll do that." Carla replied, signaling for a guard to come over.

"Get the Beta; tell him the Alpha seeks his presence." The guard bowed slightly before disappearing from the conference room.

"Why just a short time?" Carla frowned, sitting very close to him.

"You hardly come to the pack; you should at least spend a month or so here. I've missed you a lot." She pouted, holding his hands affectionately. She dreamed of becoming the Luna of the Enchanted Moon pack someday and also the woman that would be by Nolan's side, and she was working on accomplishing that goal.

"I'm busy." Short and concise was his reply as he held a grim expression on his face.

"You're the Alpha of this pack, Nolan; you should spend some time with your people, with me." She muttered the last few words softly while she caressed his hand that she was holding.

She was very lucky to be able to come this close to Nolan. In fact, aside from his Beta Darren and Gamma Xander, who happened to be his best friend, she was the only one who was opportuned to come close to him. Apparently, everyone in the pack knew that Carla was a very special person to the Alpha; that's why she was able to get close to him, request for anything she wanted. Some even hinted that she would be the Luna of the pack after he lost his mate in the war. They've even begun to accord her the respect of a Luna.

"I'm busy, Carla." Nolan repeatedly pushed her hand away from him.

"Okay, then." She sighed.

"I'll follow you back then, so I can relieve you of stress. I know you must be stressed out from all the work, the one at the pack and at the company too; I can help." She said, trying to convince him. Though she could easily guess what his answer would be. No.

"No," he refused instantly, and Carla clenched her fist. She knew it, but she'll not stop trying.

"What happened last night? You've still not told me the reason why you never came?" She demanded to know. She waited last night for him to show up, but he never came. She called, but he never picked up the phone.

"Something important came up," he answered lazily, raising his eyebrows.

"Are you alright?" Carla asked, sensing that he looked stressed.

"Yes, I'm fine." He sucked his teeth, staring at the ceiling. He found it very hard trying to focus with Layla under the same roof with him. He spent the whole night battling with his wolf who wanted to tear out of him, and him in the arms of his mate.

"But you looked stressed."

"Lay..." he stopped speaking when he realized the name he wanted to call out. When did her name suddenly come to his mind? He should refrain from thinking about her and reject her as soon as possible.

"Lay...la." Carla drew out, uncertain if it's Layla he wanted to call.

"Did you mean Layla?" She asked, with her brows lifted up.

"Alpha Nolan." The door sprang open as a man walked in. His blonde hair was tied to the back, and his gray eyes also suited him perfectly.

"Darren, you're here." Carla uttered, standing up from the chair.

"I came as fast as I could when I heard Nolan was around," Darren said with a stoic face.

"I'll leave you two then; see you later Nolan." Carla waved, and she left the room.

"When are you leaving?" Darren questioned, sitting on one of the chairs.

"When I'm certain that everything is fine over here," Nolan answered.

"Everything is fine; I had the last incident sorted out. I also found out that it was done by some rouges; we're working on catching them," Darren explained as Nolan shook his head slowly.

"Tighten the security around this place and make sure no one goes in and out from the pack, not until this issue has been sorted out," Nolan ordered. The safety of his people was his first priority as he would do anything to make sure they were safe.

"On it."

"I see you must have come here unprepared," Darren observed. From the way he was dressed casually, one could easily guess that he just drove here. Enchanted Moon pack was located at the depths of the woods in New York. Only a few people knew of its existence aside from the werewolves.

"Yes, I did." He confessed; he didn't want to go back to the house after Layla had left. That's why he came here because he usually came to the pack at night.

"Xander told me about it."

"Told you what?"


"That you found her."

"Found who?" Nolan glared at him.

"Your mate, of course. You're lucky Nolan; the moon goddess has granted you a second chance."

"Sadly, I don't want that." Nolan retorted; he had planned on rejecting Layla the next time he saw her.

"So, you're really planning on rejecting her?"

"You know I don't bluff."

"Think about your pack Nolan and what the advantage of having a mate is; it will make you stronger and build your pack. Think about that."

"I can build my pack myself; I don't need her." Nolan uttered.
###chapter 18
Layla typed noisily on her laptop as she occasionally looked up as if she was waiting for someone. Well, Nolan, her boss, was not at work today, and she just wondered why he didn't show up. 

She felt maybe he would be coming late; that was why she occasionally looked up to see if he was coming, though it was involuntarily. 

She didn't want him to show up, but she just couldn't stop her head from looking upwards each time she heard a noise.

She heard footsteps, and she quickly looked up. "Sir," the chair made a screech sound as she stood up, but it was Xander's face that came into view, not Nolan.

"Layla, how are you doing?" He waved at her, approaching her table.

"I'm good," she smiled sheepishly as he dropped some files on the table.

"Nolan said I should give you these," he informed as Layla nodded slowly.

"You should get them ready before tomorrow, and he will not be coming today," he added.

"Thanks, sir," she thanked him, feeling kind of glad that Nolan would not be at work today; another free from his hostility, no one would yell at her today.

She was about to take her seat when Xander called out to her. "Layla."

"Is there anything else you would need, sir?"

"No, actually, I just wanted to ask a question; I hope you don't mind?" He asked with a warm smile plastered on his face.

"Not at all; I don't mind," replied Layla, motioning for him to speak.

"Where are you from?" He began, and Layla had this perplexed look on her face.

"I'm just curious; that's why I'm asking; it's stated on your resume that you just moved to New York, that's why I'm asking," he explained.

"Oh, that. I'm from Seattle," she replied, speaking of which, she's not heard from her family since the day she left; she did not know how to call her father, and he did not call her also.

"Seattle?" He pursed his lips as Layla nodded her head.

"What about your family?"

"They're all in Seattle; I came here to work," she replied, curious about why he was suddenly asking her questions about herself.

"Oh," he mouthed, shaking his head. The Alpha's mate is a human, but it didn't matter at all. In fact, Xander found Layla likable; the only problem was Nolan, who felt like he didn't need a mate as he still misses his late mate a lot.

"I like you, Layla," he suddenly uttered, and Layla's eyes widened in surprise.

"What!" She burped loudly.

"Oh, not like that," he chuckled, sensing where her mind was wandering off to.

"I mean like a friend; I want to be friends, hope you don't mind?" He proposed with a wide smile.

"I...I...don't mind," Layla smiled back at him; she didn't mind at all; it's just friendship, and he didn't seem like one who had ulterior motives.

"Great!" He exclaimed.

"Then come with me," he offered warmly.

"Co...me wit...h you?" Layla stuttered.

"Yes, I'm going out for lunch; you can tag along if you want."

"I don't mind at all," Layla said, wanting to get away from work; she was already more than tired, she needed to take a break.

"Wrap up; I'll be waiting outside," he said, walking out of the office.

"Okay, sir," Layla quickly arranged the files together, she arranged her hair, grabbed her purse before dashing out of the office. This would be the first time she will be having lunch together with a person since she started working; before it was either she ate alone and late, or she didn't even get to eat at all.

***

"Nolan, are you leaving now?" Carla asked the moment Nolan stepped out from his room. It was obvious he was leaving as he was already dressed.

"Yes," he replied, shutting the door.

"Then let me come along?" She requested gingerly. She was already dressed, looking all dolled up.

"No need; stay back at the pack," he refused her offer, walking away from her, but Carla was determined. She won't give up that easily.

"You know Nolan, you can be so mean sometimes," she complained walking behind him.

'But that's what I love the most about you' she added in her thoughts. She loved his savageness, how he did his things perfectly; he was like a savage lord, a good-looking one.

"Let me come along, please," she requested, but he didn't give her a reply as he continued walking.

"I promise to be of good behavior; please, it's just for two weeks, I'm only coming over for sightseeing; I'm going for a tour," she uttered as Nolan abruptly stopped in his tracks, turning to face her.

"You've been to New York almost a thousand times, Carla, and I'm sure you know the map like the back of your palms, so no, stay back," he stated, and he continued walking.

"I know, but I heard from a friend that there are new places in New York, so I want to try it out, there's a new restaurant, a whole lot of new places," she tried convincing him as she held his arm.

"Please Nolan," she pouted like a baby, hoping he would fall for that.

"Alright, you can come with me," Nolan obliged by removing her hand from his arms. He really hated it when someone acted clingy with him. But Carla was not just anyone, that's why he usually took things easy with her. He still viewed her as a child, and with time she would get rid of whatever feeling or thing that was in that head of hers.

"Thanks so much, Nolan, you're one in a million," she squealed happily. There was no need for her to pack because she had long done that. She was well prepared for this. 

This was her plan all this while, to make him agree to go back to New York with him, then use that as a means to get close. 

Phase one of her plan had already worked out; when she gets to phase two, Nolan would be hers.
###chapter 19
"And the devil's back," Layla mumbled to herself as she watched Nolan walk in, looking handsome as hell. It seemed as if he got more handsome each passing day; he looked more handsome than the last time she saw him, and he would look more handsome tomorrow.

"Good day, sir," she greeted curtly, no smile ghosting her face. She immediately regretted greeting him as he didn't even bother to answer her; he didn't even wave.

"Did Xander give you the files I asked him to give you?" He asked as Layla shook her head.

"Yes, sir, they're rig"

"Print them out, give copies each and bring them to my office in five minutes," he interrupted.

"Ask Bertha to bring me a cup of coffee," he ordered, walking straight to his office.

Layla rolled her eyes as she picked up the telephone, placing a call to Bertha, informing her of the president's request. Then she went ahead to the printer to get her portion of work done.

"Oh God!" Layla gasped in fear. She had gotten into very big trouble. She had accidentally poured ink on the papers, not just one but all, along with the duplicates.

"What did I do now?" She asked herself, and she began to breathe heavily. No doubt Nolan would sack her, not after murdering her. He sounded like he needed the files urgently, now she had ruined all of them.

She felt like jumping out of the thirty-story building skyscraper and ending her life instead of facing Nolan. Where would she even begin her explanation?

"Layla," someone called behind her, and she instantly turned to see Xander standing there along with Bertha, who was standing with a tray in her hand. She must have already delivered Nolan's coffee.

"What's the problem?" He asked on seeing her wet eyes; she was literally on the verge of crying.

Layla couldn't speak as she slowly pointed at the ruined papers.

"Oh," Xander mouthed, sucking his teeth. She should be crying; Nolan would not take it lightly with her. That's the main reason his past secretaries never lasted. Not to talk of the fact that he didn't like Layla, who happened to be his mate. He was literally planning on rejecting her.

"How did this happen?" He questioned, collecting the papers from her. They were all ruined. Totally.

"Oh no, Layla, you're definitely losing your job today," Bertha said in pity from behind.

"Leave," Xander ordered in a hard voice as she hurriedly left.

"He's going to kill me," Layla said amidst sobs.

"Don't worry; we can figure something out," Xander said, trying to sound convincing. Though he knew there was little hope for her.

"You know there's nothing I can do here; all the papers were ruined. I must have added too much ink," she said, her heart beating loudly. Xander could literally hear her heartbeats from where he stood. She was scared.

"I'll speak to Nolan on your behalf, come on," he gestured, leading her to Nolan's office; he could try talking him out of it.

"Are you done with the papers?" Nolan asked the moment Layla and Xander stepped into his office. Layla felt her heart jump, and she quickly hid behind Xander.

"What is it, where are the files?" Nolan requested, seeing her tensed state; he guessed she must have made a mistake.

"I'm sorry, sir," Layla apologized with her head facing the ground.

"Sorry for what?"

"Apparently, the papers got ruined with ink by accident," Xander spilled the beans as Layla gulped loudly. She lifted her head a little, only to see Nolan's eyes burning with fury.

"I know you're always bound to make mistakes!" He grunted, dropping the pen he was holding noisily on the table.

"I told you I needed the papers urgently, but you still went ahead and ruined it," he glared at her, fuming with rage.

"I am so sor.."

"Shut it!!!" Nolan growled as silence reigned in the room. Layla could feel cold chills down her spine; it was as if his eyes were boring holes into her.

"Nolan, I think you're taking it too far," Xander began softly, trying to calm Nolan down.

"Taking what far?" He yelled in anger as he stood up from his chair, striding to where she stood. Layla quickly hid behind Xander in fear.

"She's not a fucking child, but an adult!" He howled, grabbing Layla's arm as he dragged her out from behind Xander.

"Don't interfere, Xander," he warned in a monotone, as Xander tried pulling Layla backward.

"Don't dare me," he warned, and Xander could guess he was really angry this time. He had no choice but to back down. If Nolan ends up hurting his mate, he was the one who was going to get hurt at the end of the day.

"You!!" He growled, raising his hand in the air as Layla quickly hid her face, wincing in pain. He was holding her so tight and was hurting her; now he wanted to hit her.

But no pain came; she lifted her head slowly to meet his gaze. He was staring dangerously at her. His icy blue eyes, which she used to find attractive, now held this ferociousness in them. He stared at her as if he was disgusted with her, like he made a grave mistake having her in his life. A tear dropped from Layla's eyes; she didn't plan on crying, but strangely his behavior hurt her a lot, and she felt pained.

Nolan's eyes softened at the sight of the tear that fell from her eyes, but he quickly hid that and held a stoic expression.

He released her from his hold as he began to walk back to his chair, and he spoke.

"Take your pathetic self out of my office." Layla quickly walked out of his office and went straight to the bathroom.

"Nolan!!" Xander called after Layla was gone. "You fucking went too far; she's your mate," he deadpanned. He knew Nolan was only trying to be stubborn and was fighting deep within himself not to go after her and comfort her.

"But not for long," Nolan uttered. The full moon was a few days away; that's when he would reject her as his mate, after that, she'll cease to work with him as he never wanted to lay his eyes on her.

"So you really plan on rejecting her, right? But why do you hate her so much?" Xander couldn't help but ask.

"Use the door," Nolan snapped as Xander quietly walked out. There was no need to argue with him; Nolan was literally a beast whenever he was angry.

"Fuck," Nolan cursed, clenching his fist tight. They should never have met that night.
###chapter 20
Carla walked gingerly to Nolan's office as she couldn't wait to surprise him. "Oh! I can't wait," she giggled in excitement.

Glancing at Layla's desk, Carla noticed she wasn't present. "I'm sure Nolan must have sent her on an errand," she thought, looking away as she headed straight to Nolan's office.

"Hey Nolan, surprise!!!" she squealed excitedly, barging into Nolan's office.

"Don't you know how to knock?" Nolan questioned in annoyance. Why does she always show up when he's not in a good mood and end up ruining it further?

"I'm sorry," she apologized, dropping a bag on Nolan's table, her face still beaming with smiles.

"What's in there?" Nolan asked, looking at the brown bag suspiciously.

"Breakfast!!" she announced, excitement bubbling up within her.

"What breakfast?" His brows creased, and he pushed the bag aside.

"Breakfast, your breakfast. I made them myself," she said. She had poured her heart and soul into making food for him. She sucked at cooking but still tried her best.

"You're a terrible cook, Carla," Nolan pointed out. She was the most terrible cook ever; a person could eat her food and end up in the hospital.

"I was but not anymore," she began. She had watched how to make casserole from the Internet and made sure to do a good job.

"I'm perfect now; that's why I made you breakfast. You can have it," she offered, knowing the kind of person Nolan was. He must have come here this morning without eating anything.

"I'm not hungry," he declined. He had no appetite, and her food would not even pass through his pharynx.

"Come on," Carla frowned deeply. She had put so much effort into making this; he couldn't just decline.

"Take it; I'm sure you would like it," she tried to convince him. Despite the fact that he allowed her to come to the city with him, he refused her staying with him. Instead, he gave her a place to stay, a luxurious house that belonged to him. She tried convincing him to allow her to stay with him, but he refused, saying he preferred to live alone.

"I don't want it, Carla," he bluntly refused.

"But it's nice, I promise," she remained adamant on trying to persuade him to eat the food she made for him.

"Carla" he gritted his teeth in annoyance. He just couldn't get why people always insisted on being persuasive. Couldn't they just take a No for a job and stop trying harder?

"Is everything alright, Nolan?" Carla asked, observing his annoyance. He was clearly not in the mood and looked angry.

"Everything is fine," he uttered.

"But"

"Carla, leave my office," he ordered her in a low voice as his face held a grim expression. Her endless questions were annoying him to the core.

"I'll see you later," Carla mumbled, walking out of his office angrily. He was angry and was trying so hard not to flare up at her.

Carla immediately went straight to Layla's table to confront her. Carla was sure that whatever made Nolan angry, Layla was the cause.

"Why is Nolan so angry?" She asked immediately as Layla slowly lifted her face. Layla had this passive look on her face that spelled stay away. She was not in the mood to speak to anyone.

"Ask him yourself," Layla snapped, removing her gaze from Carla as she focused on her typing.

"Oh my, oh my," Carla scoffed in disbelief. How dare Layla use that time to speak to me? She thought.

"I'm talking to you; look at me!" She yelled, but Layla paid no attention to her. If she was to talk back to Carla in her angry state, a fight would definitely break out between the both of them.

"The last time I checked, you're not my employer, neither was I instructed to obey your orders. Miss, this is a workplace; please lower your voice, or you can as well get out," Layla phased with a hint of sarcasm in her voice.

Carla's fist balled as she glared at Layla.

"I know what women like you always try to achieve," Carla began.

"You're always trying to seduce men, but tell you what, Nolan is not that kind of man; he will never look at you," Carla spat. The truth was that she felt threatened by Layla. Layla was beautiful, her neatly trimmed hair that stopped above her shoulders made her stand out among other women, her large brown eyes gave her this innocent look that made Carla very furious.

"Nolan is mine; he will never be yours!!" Carla snarled as Layla chuckled in amusement.

"If he is yours, then why are you getting worked up unless you're feeling insecure about your relationship with him?" Layla asked. If Nolan truly loves her like she claims, there's no need for Carla to be scared.

"Just shut up!!"

"Now tell me what did you do to Nolan to make him that angry?" Carla requested.

"I'm sure you just came out from your boyfriend's office; why don't you go back and ask him the reason for his anger," Layla retorted venomously. These two couples should leave her alone; the boyfriend is heartless, not caring about people's feelings, while the girlfriend is insecure and seemingly mad about their relationship.

"You really got some nerves, don't you?" Carla smacked her lips.

"Please miss, I don't know what issue you have with your boyfriend, but the only thing I can tell you is that, I have no interest in him and never will, so please settle your differences and don't drag me into it, thanks," Layla flashed a polite smile at her.

"Bitch," Carla swore, walking out on Layla as she stomped her feet loudly. 

Layla shook her head as she watched Carla leave; there was no difference between Carla, scarlet, and Rosalie. They were all witches.
###chapter 21
Immediately Layla was done with working, she packed her stuff quickly to leave before Nolan would come out, she didn't want to see, not even a glimpse of his face.

"Bye Bertha" she waved at Bertha rushing out of the company. She did not want anything to hold her back.

She was still waiting for a taxi, when a car pulled up in front of her.

"Hey shortie.." Regan waved, rolling down the glass of the car.

"Regan.." Layla expressed in surprise as she did not expect to see him at her place of work.

"Hi shortie.." he said again, stepping down from the car.

"I guess my timing was perfect, hop in" he invited her pointing at the car.

"But where are we going?" Layla asked in confusion.

"We're going out for a meal" he replied and Layla shook her head slowly.
She had forgotten about the meal they were supposed to have together, though he came at the wrong time.
She was not in the mood as Nolan and Carla completely spoiled her mood, so she was not in for any dinner.

"I don't think I can go Regan" she refused as she spoke in a polite manner, not wanting to upset him.

"If I may ask, why?" He raised a brow, staring curiously at her.

"Well it's because I'm tired," Layla blurted out.
She was honestly tired and needed a good head rest.

"That's why I want to treat you to a meal, you should cool off Layla, I'm pretty sure you're working so hard here" he tried to persuade her.
His handsome face was bright as always, one flaw about Regan was that he did not know how to get angry, he was always smiling and knew how to mask his feelings very well.

"Why today Regan" Layla groaned, she really doesn't want to go.

"Work today was hectic, I need some rest" she yawned trying to convince him that she was really tired.

"Layla.." Regan drawled holding her hands as she had this exhausted look on her face.

"You know I'm not going to buy that right, so come with me please?" He pouted, making a funny face as Layla burst into a loud laugh.
He surely knows how to lighten up her mood.

"No.." she bluntly refused with a sly smile on her face as she wanted to pull his legs a little.

"Shortiecome on" Regan said, dragging her hands that he was holding playfully. Anyone who would see them right now, would think that they were couples.

" I thought I told you not to call me shortie," Layla pouted.

"I'm a lady.." she frowned but Regan kept on smiling at her.

"Alright lady, let's go out for a meal"

"But mind you, you'll always remain my shortie," he quickly added.

"But I.."

"What's going on here?" A cold steel voice asked as Layla instantly froze.
She recognizes that voice, the coldness, whenever the person speaks, he speaks without emotions, how can she not recognize his voice?
But what was he doing here?.

"Sir" Layla squinted her eyes on seeing Nolan standing not too far from them together with Xander, it seemed as if he was about to leave.

"What is going on here?" Nolan asked again, trying not to sound angry or curious.
The truth was that he was very curious to know who the guy with Layla was, they way they spoke to each other, once could easily think they were dating, which left him very curious to know who the man was.
That girl over there is his freaking mate who he is planning to reject the next full moon and she's speaking so freely and openly to another man, which leaves him troubled.

"Sir we are about to leave" Layla stammered blinking her eyes repeatedly as she tried not to look him in the face.
She was so terrified of him and at the same time wanted to punch his good looking face badly.

"When did you leave the office?" He questioned her. He approached them only to see the man Layla was with, nothing else.

"Immediately I was done with work, sir" Layla replied.
Was he expecting her to wait till he was done?.

"Visitors are not allowed here" he began.

"This is a company not some romantic spot for couples" he added in sarcasm.

"Hey man" Xander waved at Regan who stood behind Layla.

"Hey" Regan waved back at him.

' Do you know him? ' Nolan asked Xander in a mind link.

' Yes, a friend, ' Xander replied.

' When did you start having friends ' Nolan grilled.

' He's someone I met at the club sometime, I also had something with his sister in the past, he's the one who referred Layla here ' Xander explained.

' I know what you're thinking, don't worry, he's not dating Layla, no need to be jealous ' xander said in mischief as Regan shot a glare at him.

' shut up ' he snapped.

"Have a nice day Layla, you too Regan" Xander waved at them as he left with Nolan.

"Who's he?" Regan grilled after Nolan was gone.

"My boss" Layla muttered in exasperation.
Why did Nolan have to show up, honestly he didn't even say anything reasonable, he probably came to torment her again.

"You don't know him?" Layla sounded surprised, if Regan knew Xander. He should as well know Nolan.

"No," Regan shook his head.

"How did you meet Xander?" Layla asked curiously.

"We met a few times at the club and he's Aurora's Ex" he whispered the last few words as Layla gasped.

"Aurora dated him!" Layla yelled her mouth ajar. 
Aurora never told her that she dated a hottie. Like Xander was a freaky hot and rich guy, Aurora never mentioned him.
She must have known that Xander was the friend of Regan that helped her with this job, but why has Aurora never talked about her hot ex since she was a fan of hot guys.

"Hmm, hmm, it was for a short while though" Regan confirmed.

"Hop in, we're running late" he got into the car, Layla following suit as well, as he drove off.
###chapter 22
"Thanks for the meal Regan" Layla appreciated as Regan's car stopped in front of her house.

"You're welcome and thanks to you I had a great time" he smiled at her.

"Same here" she mumbled as he had helped her lift her mood.
Today was a very unlucky day for her at work, the issue with Nolan and then the threats from Carla.
If only she could take some days off.

"Are you not coming in?" She asked.

"No, say hi to Aurora for me," he refused. He had somewhere important to be.

"Okay then" Layla shrugged get shoulders making way to open the door, when Regan spoke.

"Is everything going well at work?" He asked out of the blue.

"Uhh?" Layla raised a brow at him and she had this puzzled look on her face.
Why was he asking her that?

"Is everything going well at work?" He asked again.

"Ye...s, yes " Layla stammered.

"Everything is going well, why'd you ask?" She grilled, thinking maybe he must know something or he probably sensed the coldness from Regan.

"Nothing just asking," Regan replied with a smile.
The truth was that he found Layla working under Nolan uncomfortable, for some reasons she saw him as a threat. A big one.

"Okay, good night" Layla waved, stepping out from the car.

"Bye Layla" he waved driving off.

Layla went straight to the door as Aurora and her had something very important to talk about.
She really wanted to know about her and Xander.

"You're back!" Aurora uttered, fixing her eyes on the television screen with a bowl of popcorn in front of her.

"Hmm, hmm" Layla shook her head.

"Why didn't Regan come inside?" She questioned not removing her eyes from the TV.

"I guess he had somewhere to be but he said to say Hi" Layla informed.

"He picked you up from work?" Aurora queried, squinting her eyes.

"Yes, we went out for a meal" 

"Woahhh!!!" Aurora exclaimed in amazement as she dropped the bowl of popcorn on the table.

"Something is going on isn't it?" She asked playfully as she smiled in mischief.

"Wait, what!! No" Layla waved her off.
Regan is like a brother to her, Regan and Aurora are like the siblings she never had. She loves and cares for him as a brother, not the other way round.

"What?Then can you explain this, the meal?" Aurora grilled, smiling mischievously as she was just trying to pull Layla's leg.

"Aurora" Layla began I'm a low and serious tone.

"You and Regan are like my siblings, you know that can never happen between us and Regan knows that too"

"I was just pulling your legs okay" Aurora giggled collecting her bowl of popcorn from the table and she focused her attention back on the TV.
Layla could say she didn't like her brother, but that couldn't be said for him. She knew he liked Layla.

But Aurora didn't want to interfere in anything, Layla could not see that and she didn't want to be the one to tell her. If Regan and Layla are meant to be together, they will be.
If they're not meant to be together, fine by her.

"Speaking of.." 

"Speaking of what?"

"I thought we can never hide secrets from each other?" Layla asked with a grim expression on her face as Aurora frowned.

"Secrets?" She scrunched her face.
"I don't hide secrets, you know I tell you everything"

"Then why didn't you tell me about your hot ex, I'm so angry at you?" She gestured her anger.

"I have a lot of ex's Layla and you know about all of them" Aurora voiced out.

"But I don't know about Xander" Layla said and Aurora instantly stilled.
Layla and Aurora always shared their secrets with each other. They literally knew everything about themselves. Layla knew about all the boyfriends she's had but never once did Aurora tell her about Xander.

"You met him?" Aurora fumed in anger, the sound of that name always pissed her off, she was still waiting for the day she would get a hold of him, she had sworn to beat him to a pulp.

"Yes, he's a friend of Regan's. The one who helped with my job" Layla recalled, hoping that would ring a bell.

"Oh Fuck" Aurora cursed as she pursed her lips.

"I totally forgot about that," she groaned in anger.
Xander is the reason she knows about Raleigh company. She was trying to get a hold of him when she discovered he worked there, but she never got the chance to go in.

"I totally forgot that the asshole works there" she gritted her teeth as she fumed in anger.

"Asshole?"

"Yes, Xander is a total asshole and I'll make sure to kill him when I get a hold of him" she swore. She would definitely have her revenge.

"But he's your ex?"

"Yes, he is. But I never counted that as a relationship, we dated for just a week" Aurora informed as Layla gasped.

"A week!!"

"Yes a week and you know what, that asshole is nothing but a total Playboy"

"You're a player too, you're never serious with your relationships" Layla reminded her friend Incase she was forgetting that.
According to Aurora, men were scum and she could treat them however she likes.
So she never had serious relationship with any, all her relationships were just for fun 

"I know but Xander is worse, I thought I had finally found the right one unbeknownst  I was being played. I lost something of mine that was very valuable to him" Each time Aurora remembered that day, she wanted to kill him over and over again.

They both met at a club that was like two years ago when she was nineteen.
At first she thought he was a big catch because he was handsome and good looking and everyone wanted a handsome boyfriend like him.
Her plan was to get close to him, so she could flaunt him around at school. One thing led to the other and she found herself having feelings for him and he claimed he liked her also.

But She only ended up getting played by him and then he tossed her aside like nothing happened, in fact the next week she caught him kissing a girl from  her class in the same club they usually went to.

"What happened between you guys?" Layla asked curiously.

"Nothing," Aurora sighed, standing up from the chair.

"Where are you going?"

"I'm going to bed" Aurora yawned, going straight to her room.

"The only thing I can you is that, Xander is a total asshole and is never sincere about his feelings, he tosses women around as he wishes, so if he ever comes to you professing his love, Run!" Aurora concluded as if passing a warning and she went  into her room slamming the door after her.
###chapter 23
"Layla wake up" Aurora shook Layla violently trying to disrupt her sleep.

"Oh gosh, Aurora let me sleep," Layla groaned, putting a pillow over her head.
She has planned to have a good rest today, but Aurora just showed up like the spoiler she old to ruin everything.

"No, get up" Aurora said gingerly, still shaking her so she could wake up.

"It's Sunday Aurora, let me rest" she yawned trying to kick Aurora away.

"That's why you have to get up, let go skiing" Aurora proposed and Layla yelled loudly.

"You've got to be kidding me!!" She seriously works endlessly from Monday to Saturday. And Sunday being the only day that she has to rest, Aurora is suggesting skiing.

"No I'm not.."

"Ow, ow" Layla winced, holding her stomach as if she was in pain, startling Aurora who became alert.

"Is everything alright?" She asked in concern.

"No you dummy!!" Layla snapped, removing the pillow from her face.

"My baby needs some rest and just complained to me that you have to let us be!"

"No skiing," Layla said, pulling the duvet over her head. Even if she tries to go back to sleep again, she won't be able to do so. Aurora has driven every ounce of sleep away from her.

"You're just a month gone Layla, your baby is still a developing fetus" Aurora stated, resuming her duty and she tugged Layla's leg trying to drag her out of the bed.

"I need quality rest" Layla spelled out in frustration, Aurora is never going to let her be and she is never going to give in to her.

"You.." a notification came through Layla's phone and Aurora quickly ran to pick it up from the drawer it was lying on.

"Who the hell is Mr grumpy grumpy?" Aurora laughed heartily and Layla suddenly sat up from the bed.

"Mr who?" She asked, alerted.

"Grumpy grumpy, who the hell is this?" Aurora laughed.

"My boss," Layla replied in a low tone as she blew off the strand of hair that was falling on her face.
Another Devil has shown up.

"What does the text say?" She asked wondering what he might need on a freaking Sunday morning.

"I'll be at your place in Ten. A business trip came up. Get ready" Aurora read out.

"Haaa!!?" Layla yelled in anger. What fucking business trip is he talking about?.
Why today?.

"Seriously!!" Aurora yelled also. Layla's boss just ruined their plans of going skiing.

"I have to get ready Aurora" Layla jumped down from the bed in a haste as she rushed to the bathroom.

"Help me pack up a few clothes thanks" she slammed the door to have a quick bath.
..

"Two minutes more" Aurora announced as Layla rushed out from her room, her hair was still wet, she was not fully ready. Everything was messed up.

"Who in the world gives a lady ten minutes to get ready and pack up?" Aurora asked no one in particular as Layla buttoned her blouse.

"My boss does," she gasped, dropping a wet towel on her hair.

"Are my bags ready?" She asked Aurora who shook her head.

"Yes, I packed some clothes which will last you for a few days, your cosmetics and all," she replied.

"Good, skiing is definitely better than this," Layla mumbled, shaking her head.
She's seriously going to be in the same car with Nolan.

She still hasn't forgotten about the last encounter they had and each time she went near him she trembled in fear.
The way he yelled at her, the hollowness and coldness his icy blue eyes held when looking at her, it all sent cold chills down her spine.

"I would love to meet that boss of yours" Aurora said and Layla glanced at her.

"Trust me you don't want to" Layla uttered rushing to the fridge.
She planned on eating breakfast late, but now that Nolan has ruined her plans she has to get something to eat.

"What does he look like?" Aurora asked curiously as Layla collected the bottle of milk from the fridge which she poured into a glass.

"He's cruel, hostile, cold, grumpy and a little good looking" Layla muttered sarcastically.
What was she saying? Nolan was an epitome of handsome. That man was fucking goodlooking but she felt good addressing him as a person with average looks.

"You've got to be kidding me!!" Aurora gasped looking up from her phone as she stared at Layla in bewilderment.

"What?" Layla grilled spreading peanut butter on a slice of breath.

"You call this ugly??" Aurora shrieked, holding up her phone.
She went online to look for the so-called boss of Layla who she always complained about and he was nowhere ugly.

"Yes," Layla replied in between mouthfuls.

"You've got to be kidding me, he's friggin hot!' Aurora exclaimed going through the little pictures of Nolan she was able to find online.

"I said a little handsome" Layla corrected, picking up her phone which was vibrating on the table.

"Shh, he's calling"

"Good morning sir" Layla greeted picking the call up as she beckoned for Aurora to bring her bags.

"Come out" short and concise, he disconnected the call.

"Quickly bring my luggage" Layla gestured at Aurora who dashed inside to get her luggage, she took my last gulp of her milk.

"Thanks" she mumbled quickly.

"Have fun girl" Aurora waved as Layla rushed to the door.

"It's a business trip," Layla snapped, dashing out of her apartment.

She saw a black car packed at the front of her house with a man standing close to the car, someone she didn't recognize as Nolan.

"Ughh.." she began searching for her words, as she had never met the man before nor had she seen him.

"Mr Alden is at the back" the man informed politely, collecting Layla's luggage from her.

"Uhh ... okay" Layla shrugged her shoulders and she walked over to the front seat.

"Please miss.." the man politely opened the back seat for Layla to go in.
Layla wanted to object but she decided to go in quietly.

"Thank you" she muttered going into the back seat.

"Good morning sir" she greeted Nolan who was seated beside her with a laptop in front of him but neither did he lift his head nor did he even answer her greeting.

Layla looked away from him when he didn't reply and focused her attention on the road instead enjoying the quiet ride as she wondered what kind of business trip they were going to and why he had to bring her along with him.

"Sir where are we headed?" She heard the driver ask.

"Seattle" Nolan replied and all the hairs in Layla's body stood.
###chapter 24
Layla kept glancing from side to side in panic, not knowing what to do or say.
What was Nolan doing in Seattle?
She can't go there. That was the place where her worst nightmares resided.
Rosalie, Scarlet and Mike. At least he should have told her so she would prefer herself for this journey Incase anything happened.

The world is such a small place. What if she comes across Scarlet who knows about her pregnancy and then Scarlet meets Nolan. Scarlet being a person that blabs a lot will tell Nolan about her pregnancy, what then will happen?

Will Nolan deny her? What if he tells her to abort it? What if scarlet does something stupid if they come across each other.

A lot of what if's rang through her head and Layla became scared as hell that she unconsciously began to hold her tummy tight.
She was beginning to sweat a lot and anyone who would see her would think that she was in a sort of dilemma.
Well she was, she was not supposed to be seen or go to Seattle, a place where all her enemies reside.

Nolan began to notice Layla's strange behaviors and he glanced at her, trying to read if anything was wrong.
She was clutching her stomach tight and it looked as if she was in a daze.

He was about to ask if everything was alright, when his eyes caught something.
His pupils dilated the moment his eyes saw that, her first three buttons were undone and he could see her cleavages from where she sat, A clear view.
He wanted to look away but couldn't, his carnal desires resurfacing.

Everything that happened that night immediately came flooding back.
Her flawless skin that was spotless but burned bright red when he touched her.
Her soft moulds that fitted perfectly in his palm.
Those sounds she made each time he went in and out of her, those cried, they all came flooding back.
Something he had tried so hard to forget.

Now he wanted to grab her and fuck her right now to fill the vacuum that she had left empty.
Nolan clenched his fist as he tried controlling himself to keep his inner beast at bay.

While Layla was portraying what could happen in Seattle, Nolan was trying to control his carnal desires until he finally managed to ask.

"Are you trying to seduce me?" He asked in a deep velvety voice withheld a hint of mischief.

"Huh?" Layla gasped, snapping out of her daze as she turned to face him. She noticed that he was staring intently at her.

"Are you trying to seduce me?" He asked again as Layla frowned wondering what he was driving at.

His eyes traveled down to her exposed cleavages and Layla looked down also.
"Oh my gosh" she gasped as her face instantly turned bright red, she quickly buttoned up.
She was in so much hurry that she forgot to button her blouse.
Not only that, she usually wore a singlet inside her blouse, but today she totally forgot to do so, because of the hurry she used in getting ready.

"Good girl" Nolan's low voice vibrated as he looked away from her, he grabbed a bottle of water, gulping it down. But that didn't help at all.
Layla being in the same car as him suddenly felt suffocating for him, he needed some air.
He pulled off his tie and he unbuttoned the first two buttons, but that did not help at all.

"Roll down the glass" he instructed and the driver rolled the glass allowing fresh air to enter the car.

"Damn you" Nolan cursed under his breath, looking outside the window.

Layla and Nolan arrived at the hotel they were going to stay at during his business trip.
Layla tried all she could to avoid being seen by anyone she knows, anybody from her family.

Luckily for her Nolan was lodging at a five star hotel, so she was pretty sure scarlet would not be seen around here.
To book a room here was very expensive and was for the rich business men. So Layla was quite relaxed, the chances of meeting scarlet were low.

"Good day sir" the receptionist greeted, as Layla and Nolan stopped in front of the counter.

"Book me two rooms, we're going to be staying for two days" he requested as Layla sighed. In relief, they're only staying for three days. She could cope with that and do her best to avoid her nemesis here in Seattle.

"I'm sorry sir, only a room is available in the golden suite, I can book for a normal room if you want" she suggested waiting for Nolan's reply.

Nolan jaw worked as he took a glance at Layla who was standing quietly beside him.
There was no way he was going to book a normal suite and stay there and he did not want Layla to stay too far from him, she was very clumsy and was prior to making a mistake.

He thought hard and carefully for a long time before he finally spoke out.

"We'll take a room"

"Alright sir" Layla turned her head sharply to face him, what did he mean by they would take a room.
How was she going to survive three nights with him in the same room?

"Here" Nolan gave his card to the receptionist.

"Sit" Layla wanted to protest, but with my hard glare from him, she clasped her mouth shut.

"Here's your key card" the receptionist gave Nolan the key card together with his card and Nolan walked away from the counter as he headed to the elevator.

"The room is very big and there's a lot of space for you to stay away, '' he said as the both of them got into the elevator.

Layla frowned her face, the idea of sharing a room with him, not sitting well with her, she was fully aware that the room was going to be huge, but sharing a room with him, was a big No. Will they share a bed?

"I'll take the bed, you take the couch" he voiced out as if he read her thoughts, Layla could not do anything but scrunch her face in annoyance. How will she sleep on a freaking couch!!
He should have just booked a separate room for her instead, she was more than okay staying in a normal suite, what the fuck is going through that head of his?
###chapter 25
Layla sat on the couch staring at the ceiling of the quiet hotel room. Nolan was not around. He left, saying he had something to deal with.
He left five hours ago and that has been the best moments for Layla, she did not feel insecure with him around and there was no Nolan to yell at her or even scold her.

True to his words the hotel room was very big and spacious that they could live inside like none of the other even existed.
Her and Aurora had been on call and that kept her busy for an hour.

After that, she had a quick shower before Nolan would arrive then she had lunch.
She wondered where he must have gone that made him spend such a long time there but she did not care, he can spend eternity if he wanted.

Layla took a look at her phone and saw that it was almost evening, she would have loved to sleep but she did not want him to walk in and see her sleeping.

She was still staring lifelessly at the ceiling when the door sprang open.
"Sir!!" She bolted up from the chair the moment she saw him.

He walked right in ignoring as he went straight into the bathroom.

"Oh gosh, why is he back so soon?" Layla breathed out in frustration.

"Shit, he's so cold and intimidating" she said again pacing around the room as she found it hard to calm down with him around.
There's no way she's going to sleep tonight, no fucking way!! Not with Nolan here, she would just melt out of nervousness and intimidation.

Layla was still pacing around the room restlessly when she unconsciously stumbled upon the table at the center of the room, in a bid to save herself from falling, she accidentally pushed a vase and it fell to the ground shattering to pieces.

"Oh no!!" Layla gasped in panic seeing the shredded glass pieces on the ground.
Now she was in a very big trouble, not only in the hands of Nolan but the hotel as a whole.

When she lived in Seattle, she heard a lot of stories about this hotel, it was a five star hotel and the people who mostly lodged here were business men who came on business trips.

To book a room here was hella expensive, not to talk of a golden suite now she has destroyed a valuable here. 
Her salary for a year would not be able to pay for this, where will she start from?

Layla was still panting in fear when Nolan stepped out of the bathroom. He had already freshened up and was dressed in casual clothes, a sweater and joggers, all blank.
He had a towel on his hand which he used in drying his wet hair, all in all, he looked breathtaking.

Nolan saw the panic In Layla's eyes and his eyes darted to the ground where he saw the mess she had created.

"Sir I'm so sorry, it was an.." 

"Shut your mouth up!!" He snarled and Layla flinched backwards in fright.

"I'm sure you know the gravity of what you've just done?" He questioned abd Layla shook her head slowly.

"You know how much this is worth right?" He asked again and Layla shook her head.

"It was an accident sir, I'll pay for it" she stammered, cursing at herself inwardly. She had no freaking money to pay for a hotel vase which is very expensive.

"You'll pay for it?" Nolan chuckled dryly and the chuckle that ghosted his face was immediately replaced by a grim expression.

"Your networth would not even be able to book a room here not to talk of paying for this, you know right?" Layla swallowed deep as he said those words to her. His words hurt her so much, but she just had to bear.

"You're not a fucking child Layla, you're a damn grownup, fuck!!" He deadpanned throwing the towel he was holding on the chair.

"You think you can keep on making stupid mistakes that can never be fixed, right?" He spat scornfully and all Layla could do was fixed her eyes in the ground fighting the tears that were threatening to fall out.

"You're just as useless as I thought " he stated and a tear dropped from Layla's eyes.
The last time a person called her useless was about three weeks ago, when she was still here in Seattle. When she lived with her stepmother Rosalie.
Rosalie always referred to her as useless.

"I'm not useless" she whispered softly but Nolan heard her as he scoffed and said.
"Then prove that fact and stop acting like a mistake" 

"Get out of my sight " he added as he did not want to spend another second with her. Her clumsiness irritated him a lot.
Layla wiped a tear ball from her eyes and she rushed into the bathroom trying so hard not to burst into tears.

"Damn you!" Nolan cursed reaching out for a telephone wanting to reach out for a waiter.

"Come to room 410" he requested dropping the telephone nosily afterwards.

About a few minutes later, a knock came through the door.

"Come on" a waiter walked in and Nolan pointed at the broken glasses.

"Clean this mess and give me the bill for a replacement" he ordered sitting on the couch.
Layla is his responsibility as long as he was the one that brought her here and he knew that she would never be able to pay for this.

"Okay sir, I'll be back" the waiter bowed before walking out.

Nolan sat patiently waiting for the waiter to come back when Layla crossed his mind.
The room was exceptionally quiet same with the bathroom, it was like a soul was not even in the room except from him.
He has heightened senses and would definitely be able to here someone.
He suddenly became alerted.
What if she had done something to harm herself?

"Layla" he called walking over to the bathroom.
He opened the door slowly to see if anything was wrong with her.
His pupils dilated immediately he saw her as he was encompassed with horror.
###chapter 26
"Layla!!" He shrieked in horror. She was there inside the bathtub drowning.
 
"Have you gone mad?" He yelled rushing over to the bathtub and he lifted her up, removing her from the water. Did she really want to attempt suicide?

Layla gasped in shock the moment she was pulled out of the water, she opened her eyes slowly only to see Nolan holding her.

What is he doing here, and why is he staring at me like that?She questioned herself curiously.

"Sir.." she called out in uncertainty as he was holding her so tight.

"Are you mad!!?" He yelled releasing her from his hold as he pushed her away from him.

"Huh?" Layla's brows furrowed, not sure if what she must have done again to anger him.

"If you want to commit suicide, do it elsewhere not when you're under my care" he warned as Layla froze in confusion.
Who and who is commiting suicide.

' wait did he think I was trying to kill myself because he found me under water? ' realization struck her and she was tempted to burst into a roaring laugh.

Why would she attempt suicide? Because of him?
He was not the first person to shower her with insults, she grew up with insults and endless tauntings from Rosalie. so why would she try to kill herself now when she had never attempted it in the past.
Not when she now had a reason to live and survive. Her baby. 
She wouldn't possibly think of killing herself and her unborn child, not because Nolan scolded her, in fact he was not worth that.

What she was doing was only a method she used in controlling herself in the past.
When Rosalie taunted her then, she would go under water for a few minutes. She used that as a means to calm herself down and forget about everything else. Usually it was as if she was in her own world.

"Sir I was.." she began trying to explain herself.

"Shut up!!" He snapped coldly.

"Not another word from you!" He warned.

"If you want to kill yourself do it elsewhere, did you think of attempting suicide because of the case you broke?" He asked her.
His thoughts were that maybe she was troubled because of that and felt that it would be best to die.

"Sir I did.."

"Shut up!! You don't dare speak when I'm still talking" he growled at her.

"Your mess has already been taken care of, so till we're gone from here, don't think of trying something stupid" he spelled out as Layla decided to keep shut, he would never give her the chance to explain herself.

Layla suddenly felt an unsettling feeling at the depths of her stomach. It felt as if she was losing her breath and she immediately wished it wasn't what she thought it would be. She did but come with her inhaler.

Nolan noticed the funny movements Layla was making and he became alerted again.

"Did you drink poison??" He asked alarmingly and Layla began to gasp for breath. She was having an attack.

"What the hell is happening to you?" He quickly rushed to hold her to prevent her from falling ignoring the wetness of her clothes and body and Layla kept gasping for breath as she placed her hands on her chest.

Nolan was a Lycan and was not a fan of sickness because he hardly got sick, only werewolves were a little vulnerable to a few diseases. So he knew nothing about what was going on with her because he had never seen something like this.

" Did you consume anything?" Layla badly wanted to punch him from being oblivious of what was happening but she couldn't because she was losing strength and her asthma tended to be very serious.

"I'm having an attack" she managed to say breathing heavily as her chest heaved up and down.

"What attack!!" Nolan seriously has to idea about this.

"A..sthma" Layla gasped. How is this man a billionaire? He can't even recognize an asthma patient. Layla wondered.

"Fuck!" Nolan cursed. From the best of his knowledge asthma could be very fatal. She needed an inhaler and if she didn't get one she could die.

"Where's your inhaler?" He quickly asked.

"I do.n't" Layla couldn't finish her statement as she was already getting out of breath.
Nolan quickly scooped her up in his arms and he took her to the room dropping her on the bed.
Luckily for him the waiter was there cleaning the mess in the ground.

The waiter immediately stopped what he was doing when he saw the both of them.

"Get me an inhaler!!" He requested and the waiter dashed out to get one.

He sat beside Layla holding her hand as she tried gasping for breath. Her eyes were almost closing as the black of her eyes were no longer visible. It was as if life was living her.

He was never an expert in things like this so he didn't know of any method to reduce this.

"Hang in there Layla" he whispered to her ears as she clasped his hand she was holding tighter. She was trying so hard to fight it.

He lifted her up a little from the bed, helping her to sit up and he sat behind her.

"Hold on," he said softly. In as much as he didn't like her, he didn't want her to die, she was still his destined mate.

The waiter came running in with an inhaler in his hands which he gave to Nolan.

"Layla.." he fixed the inhaler in her mouth, blowing some air into her mouth through it.
 He removed the inhaler from her mouth on seeing that her breathing was stabilizing. She was out of danger.

The waiter returned to his work and Layla remained in Nolan arms as she was still breathing softly.
Nolan jaw worked in confusion, when he read her resume, he never saw the part where she wrote that she had asthma in her medical reports.

A few minutes later after her breathing had stabilized he got up from the bed after helping her to rest against the headboard as she questioned her.

"Is this your first time having an attack?" She shook her head indicating a no.
She had always been an asthmatic patient right from when she was little. She had been dealing with it for quite a long time now.

"Why are you so careless?" He suddenly asked in anger.

"You have asthma and you did not bother to bring an inhaler with you and why is this not written in your medical reports?"

"Because I've not had an attack in four years" she replied softly. That was why she did not bring her inhaler but why did she suddenly have an attack?
###chapter 27
Layla sighed in exasperation as she quickly wore her clothes, a Jean pant with a tank top.
She was more than frustrated right at this moment, her problems didn't seem to be ending, first it was when she broke a very expensive vase, then she had an asthma attack, now Nolan had told her to get dressed that they'll be visiting a mall.

According to him, he was having a dinner with some clients and she would be like his plus one. That was the main reason he brought her along in the first place, to pose as his date, because since she came here, she had not done anything meaningful.

She combed her hair and noticed that it was getting longer. She needed to visit the salon and get her hair done but that will be in New York, not here in Seattle. She can't afford to come across any one she knows.
She packed her hair backwards before coming out of the bathroom to see Nolan waiting for her.

"I'm ready sir" she announced and Nolan stood up from the chair walking straight right out of the door, Layla following suit.
..
"Pick a black dress for her, the one that will suit her perfectly" Nolan instructed the salesgirl on duty.

"Ok sir" the sales girl blushed hard. Layla scoffed at the sight of the salesgirl and other breathing female ogling at Nolan. Well she wouldn't blame them, he was handsome and the clothes he wore made him look more like a high school boy crush not a CEO.
While they were busy admiring him, she was busy feeling uneasy as she kept shifting uncomfortably.
This mall is very popular in Seattle, in fact scarlet visited the mall a lot. Layla was scared of meeting her by chance, her step sister tended to blab a lot.

"I'll show you some of our latest designs"

"Nono..need, I'll pick something up myself " Layla offered, faking a smile.
If she allowed the salesgirl to pick up a dress for her, she would spend the whole eternity waiting, so it was better she picked up the clothes herself.
Layla swore on choosing the first dress she came across with.

"Alright, I'll show you where you can find beautiful dresses " Layla and the salesgirl left to pick up a dress and Nolan stood at the counter waiting for them. He had no plans of following Layla.

"This is a vintage dress, there's only two available in the country" the salesgirl informed showing Layla , a beautiful black dress.
It was a mini gown that would stop above her knees. The dress was adorned with stones which made it look very unique.

Layla immediately fell in love with this but there was no way she was going to choose it because it would be fucking expensive. It was a limited edition for fuck sake. Many ladies wouldn't mind getting their hands dirty to get this dress.

"No need, I'll opt for something cheaper" Layla quickly declined.

"What!!"

"Something cheaper!! Your boyfriend is very rich, how can this be too expensive for him to get for you" the salesgirl deadpanned and Layla choked on her words.

Did she just say boyfriend? Layla scoffed inwardly.

"He's not my.."

"You should get this dress, it will suit you perfectly" the salesgirl interrupted, removing the dress from the rank.

"You can try it on, go on," the salesgirl insisted.
Layla chuckled dryly collecting the dress from her. She should just try it on and get done with all of this. Besides the price of the dress is just a few bucks to Nolan.

She quickly dashed into the dressing room to get changed and came out afterwards.

"Wow miss you look so pretty, your boyfriend will never be able to take his eyes off you" the salesgirl fawned admiring the dress on Layla's body.

"You look so pretty, it fits perfectly, everything is in the right place" she said and Layla admired the dress also.
It really fitted her, bringing out her curves and shape.

"Thanks," she muttered.

"Let's get you a shoe."

Layla was about to take a step when she heard someone call her name. She immediately wished it was not the person she thought it was.

"Layla?" The person called again.

Layla wanted to quickly walk away to avoid her but scarlet was faster as she grabbed Layla's elbow from behind.

"Where are you running to?" She asked with mockery laced in her voice as she turned Layla to face her.

Her eyes immediately grew wide when she saw the dress Layla was putting on.
She wanted this dress but couldn't get it because it was too expensive, so Mike told her to get something else.
So how come a loser like Layla is wearing the dress she badly wanted.

"What are you doing here and why are you wearing this?" She asked in anger. A little surprised to see Layla, she thought Layla ran away from home.

"Let me go scarlet" Layla says politely and softly not wanting to create a scene here.

"I thought you ran away from home?"

"Didn't tell me you have decided to come back? Don't even think of it Layla, father wouldn't even look at you" she drew out tightening her grip on Layla.

"Father hates you now, you're the prodigal daughter who ran away from home after getting pregnant out of wedlock" she said mockingly raising her voice.

Layla instantly knew what she was trying to do, trash her and talk ill of her.

"Didn't come back Layla, no one wants you, it's been almost a month and father has forgotten about you, so leave.." she spat scornfully.

"I don't plan on coming back so let me go" Layla uttered looking around the place if Nolan was nearby. He can't find out about her pregnancy.

"Then why are you here? To continue your stupid lifestyle of jumping from one man's bed to another, right?"

"I'm sure you must have terminated your pregnancy so you can continue with your waywardness, I'm sure you're still seeing men, that must be how you were able to afford this dress, but guess what?" Scarlet paused as Layla began to struggle with her.

"I'll make sure to shame you and tell everyone about how deceitful you are, everyone will Shame you once they find out that you killed a child in your womb, just because you want to continue seeing men" Scarlet promised as she began to drag Layla.

Layla looked around in panic and saw that a few people were already gathering around them. Scarlet was creating a sin.

"Please let me go, I promise to leave immediately and I did not abort any pregnancy, so there's no way I'll return home" Layla pleaded.

"Doesn't that make everything better, I'll take you home and make sure dad marries you off to anyone, you can't be a disgrace to our family by giving birth out if wedlock"

"But I'll make sure to give you the disgrace of your life before taking you home" And with that scarlet pushed Layla away, wanting to push her to the ground.

Her aim was to make a fool of Layla, the dress Layla was wearing was short. So if she falls to the ground her thighs and panties will be exposed in front of everyone.

Layla tried to regain her footing so she would not fall but couldn't. She stumbled backwards as she closed her eyes shut waiting for a fall which never came.

Her back landed on something hard as a rock, his intoxicating smell hitting her nostrils.
He spoke in a menacing tone as his chest vibrated sending chills down her spine along with everyone else in the room.

"What the hell do you think you're doing!!!?"Layla sighed in exasperation as she quickly wore her clothes, a Jean pant with a tank top.
She was more than frustrated right at this moment, her problems didn't seem to be ending, first it was when she broke a very expensive vase, then she had an asthma attack, now Nolan had told her to get dressed that they'll be visiting a mall.

According to him, he was having a dinner with some clients and she would be like his plus one. That was the main reason he brought her along in the first place, to pose as his date, because since she came here, she had not done anything meaningful.

She combed her hair and noticed that it was getting longer. She needed to visit the salon and get her hair done but that will be in New York, not here in Seattle. She can't afford to come across any one she knows.
She packed her hair backwards before coming out of the bathroom to see Nolan waiting for her.

"I'm ready sir" she announced and Nolan stood up from the chair walking straight right out of the door, Layla following suit.
..
"Pick a black dress for her, the one that will suit her perfectly" Nolan instructed the salesgirl on duty.

"Ok sir" the sales girl blushed hard. Layla scoffed at the sight of the salesgirl and other breathing female ogling at Nolan. Well she wouldn't blame them, he was handsome and the clothes he wore made him look more like a high school boy crush not a CEO.
While they were busy admiring him, she was busy feeling uneasy as she kept shifting uncomfortably.
This mall is very popular in Seattle, in fact scarlet visited the mall a lot. Layla was scared of meeting her by chance, her step sister tended to blab a lot.

"I'll show you some of our latest designs"

"Nono..need, I'll pick something up myself " Layla offered, faking a smile.
If she allowed the salesgirl to pick up a dress for her, she would spend the whole eternity waiting, so it was better she picked up the clothes herself.
Layla swore on choosing the first dress she came across with.

"Alright, I'll show you where you can find beautiful dresses " Layla and the salesgirl left to pick up a dress and Nolan stood at the counter waiting for them. He had no plans of following Layla.

"This is a vintage dress, there's only two available in the country" the salesgirl informed showing Layla , a beautiful black dress.
It was a mini gown that would stop above her knees. The dress was adorned with stones which made it look very unique.

Layla immediately fell in love with this but there was no way she was going to choose it because it would be fucking expensive. It was a limited edition for fuck sake. Many ladies wouldn't mind getting their hands dirty to get this dress.

"No need, I'll opt for something cheaper" Layla quickly declined.

"What!!"

"Something cheaper!! Your boyfriend is very rich, how can this be too expensive for him to get for you" the salesgirl deadpanned and Layla choked on her words.

Did she just say boyfriend? Layla scoffed inwardly.

"He's not my.."

"You should get this dress, it will suit you perfectly" the salesgirl interrupted, removing the dress from the rank.

"You can try it on, go on," the salesgirl insisted.
Layla chuckled dryly collecting the dress from her. She should just try it on and get done with all of this. Besides the price of the dress is just a few bucks to Nolan.

She quickly dashed into the dressing room to get changed and came out afterwards.

"Wow miss you look so pretty, your boyfriend will never be able to take his eyes off you" the salesgirl fawned admiring the dress on Layla's body.

"You look so pretty, it fits perfectly, everything is in the right place" she said and Layla admired the dress also.
It really fitted her, bringing out her curves and shape.

"Thanks," she muttered.

"Let's get you a shoe."

Layla was about to take a step when she heard someone call her name. She immediately wished it was not the person she thought it was.

"Layla?" The person called again.

Layla wanted to quickly walk away to avoid her but scarlet was faster as she grabbed Layla's elbow from behind.

"Where are you running to?" She asked with mockery laced in her voice as she turned Layla to face her.

Her eyes immediately grew wide when she saw the dress Layla was putting on.
She wanted this dress but couldn't get it because it was too expensive, so Mike told her to get something else.
So how come a loser like Layla is wearing the dress she badly wanted.

"What are you doing here and why are you wearing this?" She asked in anger. A little surprised to see Layla, she thought Layla ran away from home.

"Let me go scarlet" Layla says politely and softly not wanting to create a scene here.

"I thought you ran away from home?"

"Didn't tell me you have decided to come back? Don't even think of it Layla, father wouldn't even look at you" she drew out tightening her grip on Layla.

"Father hates you now, you're the prodigal daughter who ran away from home after getting pregnant out of wedlock" she said mockingly raising her voice.

Layla instantly knew what she was trying to do, trash her and talk ill of her.

"Didn't come back Layla, no one wants you, it's been almost a month and father has forgotten about you, so leave.." she spat scornfully.

"I don't plan on coming back so let me go" Layla uttered looking around the place if Nolan was nearby. He can't find out about her pregnancy.

"Then why are you here? To continue your stupid lifestyle of jumping from one man's bed to another, right?"

"I'm sure you must have terminated your pregnancy so you can continue with your waywardness, I'm sure you're still seeing men, that must be how you were able to afford this dress, but guess what?" Scarlet paused as Layla began to struggle with her.

"I'll make sure to shame you and tell everyone about how deceitful you are, everyone will Shame you once they find out that you killed a child in your womb, just because you want to continue seeing men" Scarlet promised as she began to drag Layla.

Layla looked around in panic and saw that a few people were already gathering around them. Scarlet was creating a sin.

"Please let me go, I promise to leave immediately and I did not abort any pregnancy, so there's no way I'll return home" Layla pleaded.

"Doesn't that make everything better, I'll take you home and make sure dad marries you off to anyone, you can't be a disgrace to our family by giving birth out if wedlock"

"But I'll make sure to give you the disgrace of your life before taking you home" And with that scarlet pushed Layla away, wanting to push her to the ground.

Her aim was to make a fool of Layla, the dress Layla was wearing was short. So if she falls to the ground her thighs and panties will be exposed in front of everyone.

Layla tried to regain her footing so she would not fall but couldn't. She stumbled backwards as she closed her eyes shut waiting for a fall which never came.

Her back landed on something hard as a rock, his intoxicating smell hitting her nostrils.
He spoke in a menacing tone as his chest vibrated sending chills down her spine along with everyone else in the room.

"What the hell do you think you're doing!!!?"
###chapter 28
Nolan's icy blue eyes blazed with anger as his voice thundered in the whole room.

He went to his car to get something before Layla would finish making her selection but he only came back to see a strange lady pushing her.
His body acted before he could even process anything and he saved her.

Layla was his mate and until he rejected her and broke the mate bond on a full moon, no living soul had the right to hurt her, not to even lay a finger on her.
His wolf would shred that person to pieces.

He could feel her shaking in his hold and he didn't care to know who the lady was, all he wanted to do was punish her dearly for trying to hurt Layla.

"Wh..o's h..e?" Scarlet stammered asking in shock and awe.
The man holding Layla was fucking goodlooking and looked rich. He had this scary Aura which would make any woman submissive to him. She wanted him.

Her anger for Layla was suddenly replaced by the inquisition to know who he was.

An idea struck her and she spoke,
"He must be a"

"Shut up!!" Nolan growled at her and she cowered in fear.

"What kind of store is this?" Nolan queried at the top of his voice as he spoke again utterly angry.
"You workers stand by like the losers that you are and watch someone being bullied without doing anything" 

"I'll see to it that you all lose your jobs today, where's Paul?" He requested and all the workers suddenly froze.
At the mention of Paul, they knew he was not bluffing. Paul was the manager here and this man knew him.

Layla stiffened in shock. Nolan's huge hands were holding her small ones firmly. She needed to stop him. Regan mentioned he had different businesses all around the world. He must own this mall also.
So he literally had the power to relieve everyone of their job.

She can't let him do that, it was all her fault, they can't be rendered unemployed because of that.

"Who do you think you are?" Scarlet stepped out as she eyed Nolan who shit her a sharp glare.

"Blah blah blah, all of you willblah blah blah, call paul, blahhh." She mimicked laughing out loud sarcastically.

"I'm sure you're as cheap as Layla, deceiving people with your good looks.."

"One more word from you and I'll charge you to court for physical abuse" Nolan threatened, she was one of the reasons he hated women.

"What do you"

"Miss, I think it's best for you to shut up!!" A man walked in as he stood in front of Nolan and Layla.

"Sir, please I'm very sorry for the inconveniences this woman might have caused for your girlfriend" he apologized bowing his head.

"Relieve them off their jobs, I think they're tired of working, find new workers.." he instructed and Layla frowned. How can he be so cruel, these people have nothing to do with this 

"Alright sir I will" Paul says with his head still facing the ground.
He wouldn't dare argue with Nolan, or he would lose his job as well.

"I apologize again and I promise to train my workers with the right ethics as for the woman she will never be welcomed here at Leigh's Mall again" Paul said with a note of finality as scarlet fumbled with her words.

"I'll throw her out immediately " Paul signaled the security men on standby and they quickly went to grab scarlet, who struggled endlessly with them as they dragged her out like a thief.

Nolan was about to walk away when Layla held him back.

"What do you want?" He questioned his tone not softening for a bit, he was still very angry.

"S..ir.. I don't think you should fire them, they have nothing to do with this" she said softly.
The man in front of her could be hard to reckon with but she still has to try.

Nolan pursed his lips as he stared at Layla for the longest of time before speaking.
"No need to fire them, deduct ten percent from their salaries" 

"Okay sir, thank you sir, thank you ma'am" Paul appreciated the both of them respectively.

"Thank you sir" Layla muttered in appreciation.

Nolan took a look at the dress she was wearing, honestly it fitted her perfectly as it brought out her curves. This was the right choice for her.

"Wrap the dress up and get her the perfect pair of shoes" he ordered and the salesgirl on standby immediately went to work.

"I'll be in my car" he said to her pushing his card into her hand as he walked away.

"I'm so sorry miss" the salesgirl apologized to Layla.

"It's nothing" Layla waved her off.

"You're very lucky miss, you have a rich boyfriend who listens to only you," the salesgirl smiled, leading Layla to the dressing room.

Layla rolled her eyes.
' boyfriend my foot ' she scoffed inwardly. He was a terror to her , she wondered what must have happened to him to make him act the way he did usually he would scold her.

"Thank you also, because of you we still have our jobs"

"It's nothing," Layla smiled.

"Change into your clothes, I'll get you a collection of shoes to choose from" the salesgirl said walking out of the dressing room.
..
"You look so stunning miss" Keisha the stylist who had dolled Layla up admired as Layla stood in front of the mirror.

"Thanks Keisha" Layla smiled brightly, truly she looked stunning.
Nolan had taken her to a stylist after they left the mall and she had a great time here. Keisha was very nice along with her workers.

"You can say that again," Keisha giggled. " It's all thanks to my talents"

"The AlpI mean Nolan will not be able to take his eyes off you" Keisha said.

"You and the president must be close to each other?" Layla reasoned seeing Keisha called Nolan by his name.

"Well we're close acquaintances, so.." Keisha shrugged her shoulders. Her and Nolan knew each other way back even before he became an Alpha, they were like close buddies. And she happened to be mated to his Beta Darren.

"Thanks again," Layla appreciated. Keisha really did a good job , from styling her hair perfectly, down to the make up.
There was no need to trim her hair again when she went back to New York. It has already been done.

"Come on, Nolan's waiting," Keisha said, giving Layla a purse to match her clothes as she led her outside.

"These heels are really a hassle" Layla commented, she was not a fan of heels.

"Don't worry you'll get used to it" Keisha assured.

They walked outside the huge salon to see Nolan standing outside in front of his car waiting.

He was dressed in a three piece black suit, his dark red hair styled making him look more handsome and matured.

"Oh my Nolan! Don't blind me with your looks" Keisha teased as they stopped in front of Nolan.

"Say that to your mate not me" Nolan said and Layla was surprised that he could speak with a soft tone.

"I offer you your bride," Keisha said playfully, placing Layla's hand on his as she made them hold hands.

"She's not my bride" Nolan drew out.

"Stop being a bore and tell her she looks pretty" Keisha motioned and Nolan traveled his gaze to Layla.
She really looked prettier tonight, almost like a goddess under the moon.

"She's pretty right?"

"We're running late, get into the car Layla.." he gestured, removing his hand from hers as he made way to open the car but Keisha stopped him.

"You're so unromantic, you have to open the car door for her to go in"

"Do that yourself " Nolan uttered and got into the car.

"Don't mind him, Layla, " Keisha smiled at Layla.

"That's just how Nolan is but trust me he's a great guy, you guys will really make a good couple " Keisha informed.

"It's only a business meeting, not a date," Layla mumbled.

"It doesn't matter Layla, you never can tell anything can happen, I'll walk you over instead " Keisha offered as she walked Layla to the other side of the car, opening the door for her to go in.

"That wasn't really necessary, " Layla uttered.

"Have fun," Keisha waved at both of them.

"Abd treat her well Nolan, she's your date!" She says playfully but Nolan accelerated the car ignoring her.

Keisha watched as Nolan's car drove away.
Her mate Darren had told her everything. How Layla is Nolan's second chance mate and how he plans on rejecting her because he doesn't like one.
Nolan could be so impossible to deal with at times, who in the world would reject a lady as pretty as Layla?
###chapter 29
Layla sat quietly during the whole ride as no one spoke to the other. They both minded their business.

Nolan found Layla pretty but never saw the need to tell her that or comment on her looks.
He had gotten a text from Darren a few minutes ago, telling him that there was a few moon tonight.
So after the meeting he had with the clients, he would reject her at exactly 12:00 O clock.
Then the need to protect her would be gone and his wolf will no longer be restless at the sight of her.

His phone vibrated and he checked to see who it was.
It was a text from Keisha telling him to have fun.
A smile ghosted his face as he dropped the phone back in place. There was not going to be any fun tonight.

Keisha was one naughty girl, he had been friends with her long before he became a Lycan king and an Alpha. They happened to be very close friends.
While Carla was kind of his responsibility and he felt the need to take care of her.
Her father had died in the war trying to save his life, the same war where he lost his mate Vera.

The war happened when he was much younger, he and Vera just mated with each other and he lost her to the cold hands of death.
Carla lost her father also, that was the reason he took her in and was always lenient with her, though she proved to be very immature at times. She was still his responsibility.

The war between the Lycans and werewolves was very fatal and many lost their lives.
It was a fight for power, the werewolves felt the Lycans couldn't rule them anymore so they began to rebel against the Lycan king of them which was his father.

Lycans and werewolves were very different in terms of power. Lycans were stronger than the werewolves. Lycans were more superior.
While lycans could shift whenever they wanted, werewolves had to wait till the full moon but some werewolves could evolve into Lycans.

There was only one Alpha who ruled the whole of the wolves supremacy and that was him.
He was the true Alpha and the only Lycan that could be an Alpha, the other alpha's had to be werewolves.
Something was very unique about a Lycan king and that was that he would bring out his claws and fangs in his human form to act as defense.

One's mate usually made them stronger and a Lycan's mate was like his pillar and would make him more superior but he didn't want Layla.

He pulled up in front of a big restaurant and Layla sighed in relief that they've Finally arrived.

"Put these on" he handed her a pair of black gloves. They were designers and would stop before her elbow if she wore them.
Nolan was already putting on a leather glove, in fact he was always wearing one, the only time she had seen him without one was at his house,the hotel and the mall. Apart from those times he was always wearing one.

They both stepped out of the car and he waited for Layla to come stand beside him.

"Don't speak when you're not obligated to" he warned and he began to walk towards the restaurant majestically Layla beside him.

Two guards were already on standby, ready to receive Nolan.
They opened the door wide as Layla and Nolan walked in.

Layla admired the beauty of the restaurant, a table for four was already set, it looked like a VIP and whoever designed it took their time to do so.

"Mr Alden!!" A man rose up from his chair in seeing Nolan walk in with Layla.

"Hayes Keith" Nolan called out with a grim expression on his face as Layla stayed very close to him.

From all the business issues she's handled, never has she come across the name Hayes Keith, she looked like a very confidential client.

"Please sit" he offered as one of his men came over to adjust the chair for Nolan and Layla to sit down.

"I'm so happy you considered my invitation and are interested in partnering with my company, I promise never to let you down, Mr Alden" he promised smiling widely, as she showed off his Brown teeth which made Layla scrunch her face in disgust.

Mr Hayes Keith was definitely not the kind of man she would like to work with or handle any of his appointments, he seemed like a pervert, she didn't like anything about him at all. From his rounded belly and the gold in his canine, she hated men like him.
Above all the way he continuously kept staring at her, didn't sit well with her at all.

"Let's get straight to the point Hayes, you know I'm a busy man" Nolan spoke out as Hayes chuckled.

"Oh yes, that's true, but first let's have a glass of wine, I got it on my trip to Vienna, " he said, snapping his fingers in the air as one of his men stepped forward with a bottle of wine.

"I don't think that would."

"No come one Mr Alden, just a glass" he interrupted as his men served three glasses.

"Here you go, pretty lady," he said, offering a glass to Layla, who hesitantly stretched out her hand to accept the cup.

"She doesn't drink" Nolan yanked Hayes hands, preventing him from giving Layla the drink.

"Oh I see" Hayes mouthed, withdrawing his hands.

"If I may ask, who's she? She's very pretty " he admired Layla's beauty.

"Drink up Hayes, cheers" Nolan lifted the glass in the air as Hayes did the same.

He took a small sip from the drink and dropped it back in his place.

"Alright Mr Alden, as I said in my proposal, I would like to invest in your"

"Wait!" Nolan chimed in all of a sudden as he kept on looking round the restaurant.
Something was not right at all. He could feel it.
His werewolf and Alpha instinct could feel some kind of danger roaming around.
Hayes didn't just invite them here for a business meeting, he had some ulterior motives of his and it was definitely of no good.
###chapter 30
"We need to leave now" Nolan announced standing up on his feet as Layla did the same wondering what must have come up that made him want to leave all of a sudden.

"Mr Alden!" Hayes called in surprise as he stood up also.

"I have somewhere very important to go to, you can come see me in my office" Nolan said holding Layla by her hand.
As long as he was concerned this place was not safe. Hayes was up to no good.

"But Mr Alden" Hayes chuckled dryly.

"You just came here, at least sit and talk" he tried to persuade Nolan. But Nolan's mind was already made up. This place was not safe for Layla.
Hayes was a werewolf and his men would definitely be werewolves.

"We're leaving" Nolan says with a note of finality and he took a hold of Layla's hand and they both began to work away.

He was almost halfway through the door when a loud gunshot was heard.
Layla flinched as she held Nolan tighter at the sound of the gun.

Nolan gritted his teeth in anger, he knew it.
His intuition was right after all, Hayes was up to no good.

He turned slowly as Layla held his hand tight.
They both turned to see Hayes smiling wickedly with a gun in his hand which he used to shoot the ceiling.

"I finally got you today Alpha.." he began in sarcasm clicking his tongue.

Layla frowned in confusion as she wondered who Hayes was calling an Alpha. From the way Nolan fumed in anger, she was sure a fight would break out soon.

"You always act like you're on top of the world, acting all rude and nonchalant, but you see today, I'll make sure you go down on your knees and worship me. I'll show the whole of your pack that their favorite Lycan bowed before a mere werewolf" Hayes laughed out sardonically.

Nolan frowned immediately when he heard that, now he knew where all those were coming from.
Hayes was just one of the werewolves who thought that they were supposed to rule, not the Lycans.

"You think you can kill me huh?" He scoffed as Layla glanced sharply at him.
As she wondered why he was still looking unbothered when Hayes obviously outnumbered him. His men were armed, they all held a gun while Nolan held nothing. He should be negotiating for his life and her life, not acting pompous.

"I know it's very hard to kill Alpha, because you're the supreme Alpha, a Lycan, but you know what, I came prepared " he smiled.

"All of the bullets in the guns contain wolfsbane, so about ten bullets will be enough to weaken you, then I'll make you beg for your life!" Hayes snarled. He had always wanted the werewolf to have their own say, he wanted the werewolves to be the supreme leader not the Lycans.
And he can only achieve that by killing the Alpha.

Layla began to shake In fear, not only was her life in danger, Hayes was also saying things that she didn't seem to understand, what the hell was a wolfbane? And who in the world will ten bullets just weaken, not kill?

"Si.r.." Layla stammered shakily tugging his arm.

"Don't move" he whispered to her ears.

"Don't move and stay close to me, we've been ambushed but don't worry I won't let anything happen to you" he assured. Layla was now his priority and if there was any reason for him to be worried it would be her, she was not safe.

Layla shook her head slowly, wondering if those words just came out from his mouth. Did he just say that he would protect her?
Well he should, because the life of her baby was now at risk.

"You're surrounded Alpha, if you even take a step my men will shoot" Hayes threatened as Nolan smirked.

"They can try" he uttered and before Hayes could retort back to him.

Nolan was already in front of one of his men as he held his gun.

"Now this is one of the advantages of being a Lycan king, Hayes, speed." He deadpanned and Layla who was still in horror at how he moved so fast was encompassed with another shock when claws suddenly grew out from Nolan's finger tearing through the glove he wore and the next moment, blood was sprawled everywhere as man's lifeless body fell on the floor.

"Ha!!" Layla shrieked in fear and shock. What just happened? Did Nolan just use his hands, no claws, no fingers, no. Layla's mind was in a turmoil at what was unfolding before her.

"Who's next?" He asked in a calm time still holding Layla very tight.

"Alpha Nolan, you think you're smart? I'll see if you're faster than my men guns"Hayes scoffed, signaling his men to start shooting.

Soon after, bullets began to rain in the room and Nolan kept moving with a frozen Layla trying to shield her as he hid in the pillars.

"Look Layla I want you to do something " he began as they hid behind a pillar.

"If you want to save your life, you have to get this off your mind for now" he said, showing her his bloodied hand.

"I'm going to drop you at some point, once I drop you there, you run straight out of this place, run to a safe place and wait till I come out" he instructed as Layla shook her head shakily, she needed to leave for the same if her baby, but what about Nolan?

"What about you sir? We should call the cop" she suggested, Hayes should get arrested for this.

"The cops can't do anything Layla, just do what I tell you to do and keep yourself safe" he said to her running to the next pillar. He kept on moving from pillar to pillar as he dropped Layla on the last one.

"You can go now" he uttered, releasing her from his hold as he brought out a gun from his pocket, he had collected the gun from the man he killed earlier.

"Ok sir" Layla stuttered as Layla moved away from her immediately, shooting one of the bad guys who fell instantly on the ground.
Nolan began to fight them off, killing anyone he laid his hands on as he ripped their throats out.

They could never be a match to him, Hayes just underestimated his strength, up until now, not a single bullet has touched him.

Layla was still running out when she tripped in her heels resulting in a fall.

"Arrhh" Layla winced in pain diverting Nolan's attention as he quickly turned to face her.
###chapter 31
"Oh no" Layla mumbled as she sat up from the ground.

"Damn you heels" she cursed, pulling them off from her legs as she stood up from the ground. Those stupid heels had slowed her down, now one of Hayes's men was running towards her.

Layla was shocked beyond measure at what was happening tonight, Nolan growing fangs and killing men with his bare hands.
The truth was that she was very scared and would have freaked out long ago, but now all that mattered to her was her life.

"Get her!!" Hayes howerled pointing at Layla who was getting ready to take to her heels.

"Oh Fuck!!" Nolan cursed under his breath ripping out the heart of the man he was fighting with, as his dead body fell helplessly on the ground.

He was about to go to Layla when another group of men surrounded him again.

"You guys really don't learn, do you?" He tsk launching at them. He just hopes Layla would be wise enough to run.

Layla remained rooted to the ground as a man was pointing a gun right at her, was this how she was going to die.
She looked towards Nolan's direction and saw that he was busy fighting off the men who surrounded him.

She was all Alone now. Layla was pretty sure that if she moved an inch, she would be shot and if she didn't, she would still be shot.

"Oh god please come to my rescue" she prayed silently placing her hands on her stomach as a bullet came flying right towards her, she closed her eyes shut, waiting for what was to come.

Few seconds later Layla didn't feel any pain but instead she felt someone shielding her.

"S..ir" she mumbled, shaking as she opened her eyes slowly.
Nolan was right in front of her holding her close to himself. He had saved her from the hands of death.

She realized that the bullet never got to her because Nolan had taken the bullet for her because she was sure she saw the man pull the trigger, she also heard gunshots and then she saw the Bullet flying towards her before she closed her eyes.

"S..ir are you alright?" She stammered in horror as she tried looking for the spot where he was shot.
Why did he collect a bullet for her? She didn't want to be the cause of a person's death.

"Let's leave here immediately" Nolan said, shielding her with his body as he went for the door.

Layla was so lucky that he got to her in time.
One bullet would do him no harm but she'll die if she gets shot.

"Sir are you alright?" Layla'l asked again in fear as she wondered how he was looking fine when he had been shot.

"Shut up and move!!" He growled which made her flinch.

"Think about yourself and let's get out of this place, damn you" he dragged her out of the room as they managed to escape.

"Get into the car" he instructed, throwing his car key to her.
Layla caught the hey right in time.

"Just go in there and wait for me," he ordered, facing Hayes's men. His car was bulletproof and Layla would be safe.

"I'll make sure to feed your flesh to the vultures, after this" he swore, punching one of them right through the face. And he aimed for another.

"You really are stronger than I imagined Alpha" Hayes began as he walked towards Nolan who just finished killing another of his men.

"What were you expecting?" Nolan smirked, his face and hands stained with blood.
This was not his first time shedding blood, so this was not new to him.
He had dealt with enemies who were worse than Hayes. Hayes was just a fool.

"You know you won't last for long, the poison in you will start having its effects and will weaken you" Hayes smiled triumphantly as Nolan scoffed.

"You think one bullet can hold me down ?" He questioned with a sneer. 

"I'll make sure you all rot well in hell" he swore in anger. He just couldn't fathom why some people could be so stupid. Even after losing half of his men, Hayes still thought he could defeat him.

"Get him and get her also, even if it means you have to tear that car apart!" Hayes growled pointing at Nolan's car.

Layla burped loudly when she saw Hayes pointing at her. She wondered what business Nolan must have had with him that made him want to kill him so badly, that now she has been dragged into their feud.

"You really like playing with fire don't you?" Nolan cracked his neck, launching at them as he either ripped off their head or heart.

Hayes' men were no match for him, Layla marveled at his strength and how cool he looked but she couldn't help but cringe at the way he spilled blood.

Soon Nolan was standing right in front of Hayes, who stood in shock. All his men were gone.

"Don't ever underestimate an Alpha " he grunted, punching Hayes right on his face.
He glanced sideways and saw some of Hayes's men approaching, he needed to leave immediately.

"You'll hear from me" he promised, throwing Hayes to the ground as he kicked his groin with force.

He quickly walked to his car as Hayes men were fast approaching, he was about to go into the car, when one of them shot at him as the bullet hit his abdomen.

"Fuck.." Nolan cursed getting into the car, which Layla had already started and he drove off with speed.

When they were already a few meters away, Layla asked.

"Sir are you alright? You've been shot!!" She squealed, she would have offered to drive the car but sadly she never learnt how to drive a car.

"Shut up!!" He snarled at her, focusing his eyes on the road.

"I don't want to hear a word from you!" He warned and Layla decided to mind her business. She was just trying to be caring as she couldn't help but worry for his life.
###chapter 32
Layla held on tight to the car as Nolan drove as fast as he could.
She kept worrying about him because he was shot, but he had warned her to stay quiet and he also looked fine.

She was tempted to ask where they were going because as far as she was concerned, the route he was taking was not the way back to the hotel.

"Get my phone" he instructed, breaking Layla out of her stream of thoughts. She hastily began to search for his phone which she handed over to him.

Nolan collected the phone from Layla as he unlocked it. He went through his call log as he searched for Xander's number. He immediately dialed in the number when he found it.

"Nolan!" Xander's surprised voice rang through the speakers after the first dial.
 
"Where are you?" Nolan questioned as he heard a lot of noise from the background.

"I'm at a club" came Xander's reply.

"Get out of there immediately!" Nolan instructed.

"Alright, on it" Xander responded, he could hear the urgency in Nolan's voice. 

"I'm out, do you need anything?" Xander asked after coming out of the club.

"Yes"

"What's that? And how's your trip going?" Xander queried walking over to his car.

"How is Layla doing? Do you still plan on rejecting her? It's almost midnight" Xander blabbed non-stop as Nolan growled in anger.

"Stop asking baseless questions and listen!" He yelled as Layla glanced sharply at him wondering why he was always in a bad mood.

"What happened? Why did you sound tense, wait" Xander gasped as if he just realized something.

"Did anything happen between you and Layla?" He asked with a sly grin on his face.

"Come over to Seattle immediately " Nolan instructed, ignoring Xander's questions. Knowing the kind of friend he had and how sly he tended to be. He would never stop trying to get on his nerves.

"Why is there anything you want me to do?"

"Yes, I want you to help me catch a certain someone" Nolan began. Hayes would never go scot free. He only let him go, because he had to get Layla to safety, but that didn't mean Hayes was safe. He would suffer forever thinking that he could take him.

"Who's it?" Xander asked curiously.

"Hayes Keith" replied Nolan.

"The one you're supposed to have a business meeting with right?" Xander asked in confusion as he wondered why Nolan wanted him to fly over to Seattle to catch a person. When he's right there in Seattle. He should just catch Hayes himself unless something was up.

"Yes, it happened that he had ulterior motives, he tried to kill me" Nolan informed as he scoffed inwardly at the thought of the fact that Hayes actually thought of killing him. What a fool!
He swore to break Hayes Keith bones once he laid his hands on him, his story will be a lesson for others who are planning to rebel against him.

"What?? Is Layla alright?" Xander squealed, getting into his car in a hurry. 

"Yes, she's fine" Nolan replied, sparing a glance at Layla who sat quietly.

"Good" Xander breathed out in relief. He was worried about Layla, not Nolan. Nolan could take care of himself but not Layla.

"Where are you guys now?"

"I'm driving, I'm going over to my lake house" Nolan replied, he was sure Hayes and his men had lost track of him.
But he couldn't return back to the hotel. Hayes must have an idea about the hotel he lodged at and might try something stupid.

"Okay, I'll get back at you once I get a hold of Hayes, ok already working on his current location" Xander uttered typing on his laptop.

"Give me a phone call when you get a hold of him.."

"I will, please keep Layla safe" Xander pleaded but Nolan ignored him as usual and just disconnected the call.

After disconnecting the call, he went ahead to call his Beta, Darren.

"Yes, Alpha" Darren said on picking the call up.
He was the serious minded one.

"How's everything going on in the pack?" Nolan questioned, if Hayes tried harming him he can also try harming his pack.

"Good and peaceful" came Darren's reply.

"Is anything the problem?"

"Not really, tighten the security around the pack and watch out for Hayes Keith, imprison everyone in his pack" Nolan instructed. Hayes happened to be the brother of a werewolf Alpha. 

"Everyone?"

"Yes, everyone including the Alpha, everyone" Nolan deadpanned. Hayes just committed a grave sin and his family will pay for his sins.

"If I may ask, what's the reason for this arrest?" 

"Treason, he attempted murder on the life of the supreme Alpha" he informed.

"Alright I'm on it, I'll get my men ready " Darren assured as Nolan disconnected the call.

Layla just sat in confusion and bewilderment, just tonight her eyes had seen a lot of things that she couldn't even talk about or even knew existed.
Nolan growing fangs, werewolves, packs and all.
Could it be that they really existed? She thought it was just all a fairy tale but she has witnessed a lot of things today that she had no choice but to believe.

Nolan had been shot, twice. But he looked just fine and was driving. If it was a normal human, that person would have dropped dead a long time ago but he looked just fine.

She wondered how he had been managing with a gunshot and what the hell a pack was?.

"Si.." she began as she wanted to ask about his health, though he looked like he has been managing just fine. She still needed to ask.

He glanced at her, telling her to shut up with his eyes, Layla immediately held back, she should have just minded her business. Nolan was a huge force to reckon with.
.
AUTHOR'S NOTE
GOOD DAY LOVELIES.
HOW HAVE YOU BEEN ENJOYING THE STORY SO FAR?
FEEL FREE TO DROP YOUR COMMENTS AND DON'T FORGET TO VOTE ALSO.

XOXO
THE AUTHOR.
###chapter 33
After driving to a point, Nolan stepped out of the car as he spoke to Layla.
"Come out"

Layla immediately came out of the car, her bare feet hitting the cold ground, she lost her shoes when trying to run away from their attackers.

"Where are we going sir? Layla couldn't help but ask him, because he didn't expect her to walk barefooted.

"To my lake house, you'll be safe there" he replied as they continued walking.

"Are we walking there?" She questioned because she was not expected to walk barefoot there.

" No, I had someone arrange a car for me, we will get there soon" he responded as they continued walking.

He had discarded his car there Incase Hayes was tracking him.
About a few minutes later, they both came face to face to a black car, which was lying at the side of the road.

Layla looked around her surroundings, they were literally in the middle of nowhere, it was already dark and not a single soul was seen around this place.

"Get in" he instructed getting into the car also.

Layla noticed that a car key was already placed there. 

"Did you have a backup car?" She asked.

"No" Nolan responded, Xander knew exactly what to do and had placed a car on standby. He texted him the location earlier.

"Then how did you.."

"Xander took care of it" he replied driving off as Layla shook her head.
Nolan surely has a lot of influence, he gets everybody done with ease.
.
Nolan's car pulled up in front of a lake house which looked deserted. They finally arrived after driving for quite a long time.

Layla couldn't help but sneer as they walked into the house, so he had a place like this and he went ahead to lodge a hotel, why did he then bother to do that and make them share a room. 

Nolan and Layla got into the house and all the lights immediately lit up the moment they walked in.

"Hmm, it's quite cozy" Layla mumbled to herself, she needed a thorough shower, a pedicure and a foot massage, because her feet hurt as hell.

"I should go in" she informed as she needed maximum rest.
She didn't forget the fact that she was pregnant, which means that she needed rest, which is something she has not gotten since she arrived in Seattle.
It started with her asthma attack, then scarlet, whom she miraculously escaped, if not her secret could have been exposed, now that attack and all the strange things that have been happening alongside.

She was about to take a step when she heard a loud thud. She quickly turned in fear thinking maybe their attackers caught up with them again, but to her dismay she found Nolan sitting on the ground, resting against the wall. He was the one who fell.

"Sir!!" She exclaimed, rushing to him , as she squatted in front of him.
Has the bullet inside of him started having its effects? She thought.

" Sir are you alright?" She asked, though she knew the answer. It was right in front of her, he was not alright. A sheen of sweat gathered on his forehead and he looked vulnerable.

Knowing that he was shot, she began to unbutton his shirt.
The moment his shirt came off, Layla gasped in shock, as she fumbled backwards, sitting on the ground In bewilderment.

Not only was he smoking hot, with ink lining his skin, she never knew he had a tattoo. 
His skin was turning pale blue.
Her brows furrowed, though she was not a medical expert, she was sure a person's skin wouldn't turn blue when shot.

"Oh my gosh.." she rushed back to him, placing her hands on his shoulders. She needed to do something. He looked weak, whatever that was, was weakening him.

How has he been managing since? This man is no doubt very strong. He showed no signs of pain throughout the whole ride.

"What do I do?" She mumbled shakily. He was not in a good condition.

She quickly placed her hands over the wound to at least stop the bleeding.
Who would have thought he was bleeding also? The clothes he wore were black, that's why she never noticed it.

Layla realized that placing her hands over the wound was not helping, he was still breathing profusely.
She picked up his shirt, placing it over on his wound.
Layla felt very scared, he didn't want him to die.

"What do I do now?" She mumbled, biting her lips in frustration. Layla was already on the verge of crying.
The father of her baby is about to die and there's nothing she can do about it.

"Get a lighter.." she heard a low voice and she quickly looked up.

"Sir.." she called in relief, placing her hands on his face.

"What's happening to you? I'm very scared, I think we should call a doctor.." she quivered. Thank God he was still awake. He was the only one that could tell what was going on with him.

"Get a lighter, I've been poisoned.." Nolan said in a raspy voice. The bullets were laced with wolfbane, not only that, Hayes has shot him with a silver bullet.
He needed to get it out of him quickly because the poison was spreading fast or today would be his last day.

"Poisoned!!" Layla shrieked in horror. That was the reason his skin color was Changing.

"Get the damn lighter!" He gritted his teeth in annoyance and Layla quickly stood up on her feet.

"I'll get it immediately, please don't die" she rushed out to find the kitchen.
She had no idea what he wanted to use a lighter for, but since he requested one, she should get that, if it can save his life.
.
AUTHOR'S NOTE
GOOD DAY LOVELIES.
HOW HAVE YOU BEEN ENJOYING THE STORY SO FAR?
FEEL FREE TO DROP YOUR COMMENTS AND DON'T FORGET TO VOTE ALSO.

XOXO
THE AUTHOR.
###chapter 34
Layla quickly ran back to Nolan after finding the lighter.
"Sir." She knelt in front of him as she panicked. The blue color on his skin was slowly spreading.

"I've gotten the lighter" she quivered, placing her shaky hands on his shoulders.

"Burn it out.." he said in a ragged breath. Layla needed to burn the poison out.

"Burn what out?What about the bullets you've been shot at!" She exclaimed, breathing hard. What did he seriously want to get burned out? How did he even expect her to burn a human skin, she would literally pass out in the process of doing so.

"The poison for fuck sake!" Nolan gritted his teeth in pain. The Poison was spreading rapidly.

"How do you expect me to do that?" Layla muttered, she would not be strong enough to do that. She can't even stand seeing someone in pain, how can she be the cause of inflicting pain on Someone.

"I see you want me dead" Nolan grunted in sarcasm, he was the one hurt, yet she was the one complaining.

"No, no, no, I don't want you dead" Layla stuttered. If he eventually died, what was she going to do about it? Everything was going to be her fault, because he took the bullet for her. If not for her, all these wouldn't have happened.

"Then get to work immediately and burn that damn poison out of me " he hissed annoyed at her behavior. She should get done with it!

"How can I" Layla's voice broke off as she felt a lump on her throat. The poison was already spreading as some parts of his skin were already Turning blue.

"Layla" he drew out smacking his lips. He just couldn't fathom what the hell was wrong with her. He was the one hurt, not her.

"This is all my fault" Layla murmured as a tear dropped from her eyes.

"What!" He exclaimed in disbelief, he was hurt but she was crying.

"You're hurt because of me, I'm so sorry.." she choked on her words feeling very sad, she caused all of this.

"Then what?" Nolan began,

"I should have allowed you to get shot, isn't it?" He just couldn't understand her naiveness, if she had gotten shot, she would have died on the spot.

"Yes,I." Layla sniffled, she didn't like someone getting hurt because of her.


"Don't be stupid Layla.." he scoffed, holding her hand up.

"Look I'm sure you've already witnessed all that happened tonight and so you can tell that, I'm no ordinary being, burn it out for fuck sake, I'll heal!" He yelled angrily. Her behavior really irked him.

"But"

"No buts Layla, I'll be fine, but I'll die if you leave this poison inside of me.." he deadpanned hoping that would sink into her head.

"We should call a doctor.." she suggested.

"Layla.." Nolan called in a stern voice as she looked up at him.

"Burn it out.." he commanded in a growl, his eyes color flickering from its usual blue to dark red.

"Ok I will." Layla screamed and she put on the lighter.

"Just position it towards my wounds.." he instructed as Layla did just as he had instructed. She closed her eyes throughout the process, as she couldn't bring herself to watch.

She held low groans from him as she burnt out the poison, few minutes later, she stilled as she was no longer hearing any sounds from him.

"Sir.." she called, opening her eyes slowly as she tapped him gently.


"Sir.." she tapped him again in fear that he was dead as his eyes were closed.

"Si, haaa!!!!" Layla yelled in shock, falling to the ground. 
He opened his eyes and his eyes colors scared her, they were red.

"Why are your eyes red?" She asked horrified, instead of the usual blue his eyes were red, and that freaked her out 
What more was she going to see tonight?

"Because I'm a Lycan" came his sincere reply as his claws snapped out of his fingertips, giving Layla the hundredth shock of that day.

"A what?" She gasped in surprise.

"A Lycan.." he answered, placing his claws into his open wounds.

"What are you doing?" Layla asked, eyes wide.

"Are you thinking of leaving the bullets inside of me?" He raised a brow at her as he brought out a bullet with his claws which made Layla scrunch her face up.

"Oh my God.." she sat on the ground not knowing what to think or do.
She should be freaking out and screaming at the top of her lungs but strangely she was calm.
She marveled why it was so, it was probably because she just that the father of her child is a freaking Lycan.

She sat in amusement watching him as he pulled out the bullets not knowing what to say or think.
After he was done, he rested against the wall.

"Now what?, I should get a bandage or something" Layla offered, making her way to stand up.

"No need.." he spoke out as she glanced at him.
She couldn't help but wonder why he still looked smoking hot after he just escaped death.
His abs were.oh gosh.
Not to talk of the tattoo inking his skin, something she has never seen before or even knew he had. 

The tattoo covered almost half of his chest and his left arm stopped at his wrist. She never noticed it before because he was always on sleeves.
Nonetheless she liked his tattoo, it made him look hotter.

"Why?" She pursed her lips.

"Because I'll heal soon" he informed and her eyes grew wide.
Not only did his eyes turn red he also healed. Cool! Was the only word she could think of.

About five minutes later, his wounds began to close up and all Layla could do was watch.

"I can't believe this.." she mouthed trying hard not to believe what was unfolding before her.

"You have to Layla.." his lips pulled up in mischief.
Things definitely didn't go the way he planned. 

"Besides you're mated to one"
###chapter 35
Layla frowned upon hearing what he had said.
"Mates.." she mumbled squinting her eyes in confusion.

"Yes mates" Nolan confirmed. There was no need in hiding anything from her.
She had already witnessed it all, so she should know everything.

"What is a mate?" Layla blurted out, utterly speechless. She just stared at him blankly.

"Forget it. I'll get a rag to wipe the blood off your body" Layla attempted to stand up on her feet but she  was dragged back by Nolan who made her sit on his laps pulled her and he held her hands entwining their fingers together.

"Don't move" he cautioned in a cold steel voice which sent shivers down Layla's spine.
Layla gulped nervously because of the way his large hands felt on her soft small ones and her insides were already a mess right now, not to mention that she was already burning Red.

"You're hot, you feel it too right," he whispered softly to her as Layla  unconsciously arched her back uncomfortably, grinding against him, as her ass unconsciously wiggled  against his crotch.

'Oh my God!!' Layla cursed inwardly, cursing everything she was feeling now, something she's never felt all her life.

"All Lycans have a mate, mates are destined soulmates chosen by the moon goddess, that's our God, mates are very, very possessive of each other, especially the males" he started stroking her hair softly, continuing his explanation.

"Mates are expected to share a special bond, that's called the mating bond, that's when we, you know, have sex for the first time and then I mark you" he paused caressing her chin.

"When two mates bond, we become closer emotional and physically, we feel each other pains, and we can't be apart, which is till death do us apart, I die, you die, in other words, most mates can't live when their other half die, so they just die along, only a few survive" he slowly placed her hands on her lips as he ran caressed her lips.
He could testify to that, he felt pain worse than death when he lost his first mate Vera, the only thing that kept him going was the pack.
He was their leader and had to be strong for them.

"Werewolves relationships with their mates are very strong especially after they mark, the mark strengthens,the mark let's others know she's taken and it's done when I bite your neck leaving a mark forever" he concluded placing his lips on her neck nibbling on it, and Layla was sure it would leave a mark.
All she could do was gasp out sharply each time she felt his teeth graze against her neck.

"The mate bond is very special and everyone is to find their mate someday, cause it makes them feel fulfilled, but sadly I don't need that, like I don't want it" he concluded as he used his finger to wipe away the wet portion of her neck, where he left a mark, as Layla has since been drowning in pleasure.

"Why?" Layla muttered softly.

"Because I don't want you!" he answered coldly as Layla stiffened.

' why? She wanted to ask but held back. She didn't want him either but it kind of hurt her when he said that. 


"The mate bond can be rejected and I want to reject you Layla as my destined mate to sever the mate bond" Nolan  informed, snapping Layla  out of her reverie as she released herself from their awkward position.

She stood up from his laps, she badly wanted to punch him, how dare him touch her?

"Is it because you have a girlfriend? You want to be with her instead, isn't it?" She asked as she tried hard not to get angry.
Though she had resolved within herself that she hated him, she just couldn't help but get angry.

"Girlfriend?" Nolan brows furrowed in confusion.

"Yes, girlfriend," Layla repeated.

"What girlfriend?" Nolan pursed his lips as he tried to recollect if he has ever mentioned about having a girlfriend.

"It must be because of her right, that Lady, Carla right?" Layla asked softly.

"It's not as if I care.." she suddenly snapped in.

"You too make a very good pair, you look good together" she smiled sheepishly.

"Carla is not my girlfriend.." Nolan drew out and Layla found herself sighing in relief. 
It strangely felt so good to hear that.
So he was single, then why was the bitch always threatening her, acting all clingy? 

"I don't care!!" Layla blurted out.

"Do well to reject me soon, I'll be back" she dashed out of his presence to get a bowl of water.

Moments after, Layla returned with a bowl of water and a dry cloth.

"What are you doing?" He asked as she knelt in front of him.

"Wiping the blood off your body, sir" she flashed a smile at him as she began to wipe his body.

She felt so nervous, seeing him shirtless. Oh god.this man was hot!
And she loved his tattoo a lot, it was a drawing of a wolf and it covered half of his body.

It seems as if he loves working out a lot, Layla reasoned feeling his rock hard chest.

After wiping the blood off his chest, she proceeded to wipe his fingers and face.

Her eyes fluttered as she stared at his lips, they looked so inviting, that she kept reminding herself that she hated him and was not supposed to be fantasizing about his looks.

"Why are you doing this?" Nolan asked after being quiet for quite a long time.

"Because this is the least I can do to thank you.." she replied, cleaning his face.
He had saved her life and she was grateful to him.
She owed him her life and that of her unborn child.

"Thank you for saving my life" she appreciated as he nodded slowly.

"I'm done.." Layla announced after a while. 

"You're a good no.." Layla's voice trailed off as she felt someone staring intently at her.
She looked up only to see Nolan's icy blue orbs staring directly at her.
###chapter 36
Layla's eyes remained glued to Nolan's as she stayed unblinking. His icy blue eyes staring deep into her brown ones.

Layla soon realized that they've been staring into each other's eyes for quite a long time which made her quite uncomfortable.
She cleared her throat loudly stepping out of her reverie.

"Why were you crying earlier?" Nolan suddenly asked. 
Actually that thought has been bothering him as he just couldn't understand her behavior earlier.
She was crying when she was not hurt and even wished that she was the one hurt instead.

"Because I was worried about you.." came Layla's honest reply and a dry laugh vibrated out of Nolan's mouth, which left Layla in amusement.
This was literally the first time she was seeing him laugh.

"Worried!!" He chuckled with a sneer.
She was the first person that had ever told him those words, that she was worried about him.
Most people looked up to him for protection not to worry about him.

"You don't have to be worried about me, Layla, worry about yourself.." he drew out.
They were two different people, she was weak and fragile, while he was strong and could take care of himself anytime.

"You should think about yourself not me.." he said again.

"And I can take care of myself just fine, I'm a Lycan, " he reminded her Incase she had forgotten that fact.

"But Lycans can also die" she pointed out and Nolan paused..

"You're not immortal so you should take care of yourself too.." she flashed a warm smile at him as she sighed deeply, today has been quite a rough day.

"How do you know if you find your mate?" Layla asked out of the blue as she wanted to know more about that.

"You get the feeling.." he replied. 
The feeling was so intense, that something he felt his wolf trying to tear out of him each time Layla appeared.

"What feeling?" Layla queried.

"It's a feeling of longer, it's mostly stronger for us Lycans because of our wolf, but for humans like you, you will have a gut feeling, the need to be with a particular person.." he explained to her.

"So we're mates?" She drew out and he nodded his head affirmatively.

"Hmm, hmm"

"Oh my gosh.." Layla gasped. That must be the reason for the attraction she usually felt towards him even though she hated him.
It was all because of a stupid matewhatever, Layla thought, biting her lips hard.

"Don't worry, I'm working on severing the mate bond.." he announced and Layla lifted her head up to face him.

"Sever?" She pursed her lips in confusion.
How much more was she going to find out today?

"Yes.." he confirmed.

"A mate bond can be severed.."

"Oh I see, why don't we do that?" She proposed her mood lifting up.

"You can just reject your mate, if not, I would have done that the moment we met" he snapped coldly at her.

"It has to be done on a full moon and today happened to be a full moon.." he said to her.

"So you were planning to reject me tonight?" She asked as he affirmed to her.

"Wow!!" Was all Layla could say. If not for the attack that happened, Nolan would have probably taken her to a corner and rejected her. Then everyone goes their separate ways as if nothing ever happened.

She inhaled sharply, this was the first time he was speaking so casually to her.
Usually he hardly spoke and when he did, it was to scold her.
But today they spoke casually and he even laughed.
Who knew the almighty Nolan Adlen could laugh.

"Thank God we're safe" she mumbled, moving her hands to her flat tummy which she rubbed gently. Her child was safe, nothing had happened to him or her.

Layla was still appreciating the fact that she was safe, when something struck her.
If Nolan was a Lycan and also the father of her child, did that mean..

"How do Lycans come about.." she suddenly asked in horror as she sat up from the ground.

"Hmm?" Nolan frowned at her sudden behavior.
Why was she acting so strange all of a sudden? He wondered.

"How do you Lycans come about, I mean how do you get your Lycan powers?" She asked anxiously as she anticipated his reply.

"Through birth, a Lycan has to be born, but a werewolf can be bitten.." he replied.
A Lycan could only be born, that was what made them more unique and stronger.

"Oh no!" Layla gasped as she fell back to the ground.
She hasn't freak out since but now she wants to freak out.
If Nolan was a Lycan, that means her child would be one also.

She felt like screaming her lungs out at the sudden discovery. It seems as if things weren't working in her favor, how could it be!!

"Is anything the problem?" Nolan asked, sensing her tense State.

"Nonono.not at all" Layla faked a smile as she tried to control herself.
The last thing she wanted was having Nolan suspect her, she needed to play cool.

She leaned against the other side of the wall as they both sat face to face with each other. Each lost in their own thoughts.

This can't be happening, Layla thought in despair, it just couldn't happen. She has planned on leaving with her child after she gathered enough money but how will she do that now, when her child is the child of a Lycan. Which means she's birthing one.

"How do you" her voice trailed off as she noticed something unusual in Nolan, he had a tensed look on his face.

"Sirwhat's wrong?" She asked getting up from the ground and she crawled to where he sat. Was the poison having its effects on him again? Did she not burn it out properly?

"Is everything okay, why did you look tense?" She asked in fear.
It was alright dark and she was in a place she had no idea about, so something better not be wrong with him, because she has nowhere to run to for help.

"Are you okay?"

"No!"
###chapter 37
"What do you mean by no?" Layla stuttered in exasperation.

"I've been drugged.." he informed and Layla fell back to the ground.
Tonight was really a long night, it has been this after that.

"Drugged?" She raised a brow at him.
As she wondered what drugs they might have used on him and when they drugged him.

"Yes.." Nolan confirmed gritting his teeth in anger.
He could feel the aphrodisiac running his veins.
And he knew exactly when he had consumed it.

It was definitely when he drank the wine that Hayes offered him, a wine that contained aphrodisiac.
It dawned unto him that Hayes had other tricks up his sleeve.

"It's not bad right?" Layla stammered, if it was just drugs, he could just sleep and when he wakes up the drugs would wear off, or better still soak himself in cold water.

"They're not just normal drugs Layla.." he drew out sucking his teeth. He needed to find a woman as soon as possible.

"Then what are they?" She asked, seeing his discomfort, she could tell that it was serious.
He had a worried look on his face and it was so unlike Nolan to be worried.
He always had a passive look on his face that you wouldn't know what he was thinking about.

"Aphrodisiac.." he replied in a low tone.

"That shouldn't be an issue right? I've read about aphrodisiacs before, you can get out of your system easily" 

"All you have to do is soak yourself in cold water.." she informed as that was the only thing she could think of.

Nolan listened with rapt attention as she spoke then he laughed in ridicule when she was done.

"You're so naive Layla " he commented, she was oblivious about the deceit of the world and thought everything would go on smoothly. What she wasn't aware of was that in life, things usually didn't turn out the way you wanted it to be.

"I'm not naive, I'm just trying to help.." she voiced out. Though he always scolded her, she still cared for him.
No matter how bad a person would treat her, she would always care for that person. Like the likes of Rosalie and her daughter scarlet.
Layla was never the kind to wish her enemy dead.

"Your help is not helping" he stated and she bit her lips in frustration. Now she felt like passing out.

She didn't want him to tell her to tear him open and bring out something.

"Hope I'm not burning or tearing you open?" She raised a brow at him, because she wasn't sure she would last if she did that.

"No.."

"Hayes must have added something to the wine he offered.." Nolan informed and all Layla could say was thank God.
If Nolan hadn't stopped her earlier, she would have drank from it too and then be in the same shoes with him.
Then the life of her child will be endangered.

"This was part of his plan afterall.." Nolan mumbled, the plan was to render him totally weak and useless.
Then when he tried to escape, Hayes aimed for Layla's life. In case the drug started having its effects. There would be no way out for him.

"What plan?" 

"The plan to render me useless as you can see, the drug is already getting effective.." he explained. He needed to get out of this place immediately. His only remedy was a woman.

"What kind of drug is this? as long as it's a drug, I'm sure there will be an antidote?" Layla reasoned. There would definitely be an antidote.

"It's a drug specially designed for werewolves, it's a very strong drug and my only remedy is a woman.." he replied, keeping his eyes on her.


"A woman?" Layla frowned. 

"How will a woman be the remedy to this?" She pointed out, seeing no reason why he needed a woman. A woman didn't even fit into the matter.

"I need a woman to f*ck" he said bluntly with a raw voice and Layla mouthed an OH.

That was what he meant.

"Is there no other remedy?" She asked as she didn't want him to go out at night to look for a woman. Where will he find one by this time of the night?

"No, if I don't relieve myself of this intensifying sexual desire I might." His voice trailed off and he fixed his eyes on Layla.

"You might what?" Layla gulped loudly as a huge bump went down her throat. Wild thoughts running through her head.

Her thoughts were that he would lose it, then pin her to the wall like a beast and use her however he liked.

"You might what?" She asked again as her heart raced.

"I would be paralyzed" he said as his lips curved up in mischief.
That was definitely not the answer she was expecting.
But that was what would happen to him, if he didn't get a woman quick.

"Oh.." Layla mouthed and realization dawned on her.
She was literally thinking in an opposite direction.

"How are you going to find a woman?" She questioned curiously, it was late.
It would be hard to find someone.

"I will, Xander can take care of that" he replied.

"Get me a shirt from the first room on the right.." he instructed as Layla stilled.

"I'm sure you can stay alone till tomorrow, I'll be sure to come back to get you soon, I'll bring you a meal when coming.." he promised. She had suffered a lot today for his sake. And it was only right if he repaid her kindness.

"No need, I can make myself something" she waved him off and he shook his head.

"Good, you'll find some foodstuffs in the fridge.." he informed making his way to stand up he needed to leave immediately.

"Get me the shirt.." he ordered but Layla just kept staring into utter space, when she suddenly held him back to the ground.
She thought long about it and she didn't want him to leave and go to someone else.

"What do you" Nolan was interrupted as Layla suddenly slammed her lips on his.
###chapter 38
For the first time in his life, Nolan was stunned. That was a very bold step that she took.
She just voluntarily placed herself into a pit of fire.

"What do you think you're doing?" Nolan asked in a low voice. 
She was playing with fire, and wouldn't want to get burnt.

"You can use me instead.." Layla muttered with certainty.
She strongly didn't feel like letting him go and be with another woman. 

His lips curved up and he scoffed inwardly, his icy blue eyes staring wickedly at her.

"You don't want to do this Layla.." he said, making way to push her away from himself.

"That's up for me to decide" Layla said in a shaky voice.
As she marveled on how brave she had become overnight. Why was she even doing this, offering herself to the devil.

"We're adults sir, let's just get on with this and forget it ever happened, it's just to help you" she sounded trying to convince herself.
He might get paralyzed before he even found a woman.

"Just so you know, there's no backing out.." he growled circling his arm around her waist the next second as he drew her close to himself.
Layla straightened herself up as she knelt on the ground beside him.

He yanked her neck from behind and crashed his lips on hers then he suddenly let her go.

She did not know how she managed to say that right to his face or even kiss him but it was the last thing she was bothered about right now. Because even with the undeniable desire and lust and need in his eyes, this man could still hold himself back, to deny himself of what he fiercely wanted. Just how strong was his damned self-control? 

She knew better than anyone else. That Nolan Adlen was the epitome of self-control. It would not be far-fetched to even say that he coined that term. The whole world may crash and burn but he still managed to stay calm and collected. But it was a little hard for her to believe that even if he was obviously burning himself from the fire that was consuming him, he still had managed to this man, she now knew the extent of what he truly was. He was more than what she had ever seen or known.
If it were some other men, her gown would have probably been rippled to pieces already.

"If you don't want to do it together then let's stop here." Layla said, she did not even try to conceal the hurt in her voice. Yes, she could not help but feel hurt because she had realized that she was indirectly rejected. Other men would seize this opportunity.
Did he hate her that much?

Retracting her hands, Layla forced an understanding smile at him before scooting back from him.

But he caught her ankles as she was almost out of reach from him and in one swift move, he pulled her back to where she was a moment ago, under him. He was growling as he cursed and spoke in a voice so deliciously heart breaking, "Don't make me do this"

And he bent down and kissed her mouth with savagery. As if he was trying to convey to her how much he wanted her. A groan was still rumbling in his chest as he devoured her mouth with an increased level of ferocity.

It was already way past midnight, the full moon shining brightly upon the face of the earth.
The streets were quiet with no one around, as the silent breeze blew peacefully. Inside one of the houses, were two people who allowed themselves to get drowned in the stream of pleasure that flooded them.

A gasp escaped from Layla's lips when Nolan squeezed one of her bottom cheek that sent a jolt right between her legs. Her heart sped with the way his blue eyes began to flicker, changing from blue to red, from time to time.

"What's happening to your eyes?" Layla asked, breaking off from the kiss.

"Nothing, it will return back to its usual colors soon.." he said, placing his hands at the side of her face, caressing her cheeks.

"I would like to be the listener... to hear every cry and gasp, moan and sighs that will tumble from your lips," he suddenly blurted out, if Nolan's actions and earlier words didn't seduce her, it did now. He pulled her close and kissed her on her lips again.

Layla let herself be devoured by Simon for a few seconds before she tried to take reigns to kiss him.
His soft lips tasted so good and they way he kissed her, one would think he was a pro in this Field.
Nolan was not her first kiss, Mike was but Mike's kiss was nothing compared to Nolan's.
He was just so good at it.

They both battled each other with their lips and tongue and Nolan soon began to run his hands through her body, reaching out for her intimate parts.

He placed his hands on the hem of her dress and he folded it up to her waist level. Now that her panties were open before him.
Layla suddenly became nervous, this was kind of new to her. Especially before a man like Nolan.
The first night they spent was nothing compared to this. Then she was drunk and hardly remembered anything.

"Are you thinking of backing out?" He smirked.

"No, I'm not" Layla retorted and she leaned over to possess his lips.

The nervousness that she had earlier appeared had now disappeared. She wanted to show Nolan that she was brave as she would always keep to her words.
 She felt him nip her bottom lip, and she sent a quiet glare when she noticed the smile on his lips. When they kissed back, she sucked his bottom lips hard, and she bit into it, but not enough to draw blood from it.

Placing his hands on her hips, he lifted her off the ground and made her sit on his laps, in a way that she straddled him as they continued kissing each other.
The night was definitely going to be a long one as each of their monsters has been released from its cage, leaving them untamed.
###chapter 39
Layla and Nolan both engaged In a heart shattering kiss, it was as if they didn't care about anything that went on in the world at that moment, as they only cared to fulfill each other's sexual desires.

Their kiss deepened. Both were kissing each other with savage hunger that their own fears couldn't seem to extinguish. It was rough and luscious and ruthless. She didn't know Nolan could be this savage.As he was always cold and unapproachable.

But she liked it. She loved it. The unrestrained and raging Nolan was so irresistibly seductive. And she wanted him even more. Every side of him, gentle or ferocious, she wanted it all. She wanted all of him right at the moment and didn't care about anything else.
The only thing Layla was certain of, was that she wanted him so badly.

"Oh, Nolan, she moaned against his lips. She immediately clasped her mouth shut when she called him that, she just called him by his name.

"I'm so.." she began to apologize as she pulled away from the kiss, but Nolan stopped her as she nudged her closer to him.

"You can say my name baby.." his deep seductive voice rang in her ears and he kissed her again.

Oh goddid he just call her baby?
And why did it sound so satisfying in her ears? Like she wanted him to keep calling her that over and over again.
Now she wanted him more than ever 

Her hands settled at the back of his neck, her body arching against him. Inviting him to touch her, and he did. Without breaking their wild and deep kiss, Nolan's hands moved downwards and he placed them at both sides of her hips. He held her tight as he sat up from the ground.

Layla's hand also went to his chest and then traveled downwards in a sensual slowness until she encountered his torso running her hands through it.
Nolan groaned in her mouth as she touched him. The fire had long spread and they were once again swallowed in the middle of it. Escape was no longer a choice because they were already on fire. And at that moment, they were holding each other as if all they could do now was let the fire consume them and kill them both.

He moved over to the sitting room, with Layla still in his hands and he made way for the couch, sitting on it.
And he grabbed her again and Kissed her like a starved beast. His kiss devoured her mouth like a blazing fire.

Then he pulled her against him, molding her body to his. She felt her heart shiver in utter need and relief at the feel of him matching her hunger for him. No, whatever she gives, he gave it back two-fold and it was already driving her insane.
It was all driving her insane, never had she kissed a man this intensely before. Nolan was just too much.

Everything seemed to feel hotter, wilder and more delicious than when they started.
Was this because the both of them had finally given in and allowed themselves to get drowned by pleasure.

She could feel it. This man wanted her as well, there was no mistaking it. He desired her too, she was at least certain of that.

A moan was torn from her lips when his wicked mouth descended on her neck. He lavished her skin with his kisses and all she could do was feel the dancing of the drugging sensations all over her.

She wanted more. This was not nearly enough to sate her hunger. She wanted him to damn her now. She wanted him to bury himself inside her and release her from all these maddening desires that had been whirling within her since the moment he had kissed her. She was searching for that blissful release.

He nipped at her skin, and she tossed her head back as she shivered. Was that his response to her thoughts?

She moaned in pleasure. Right. He could feel everything and probably know exactly what she was thinking.

'More... touch me... please give me more...' she moaned within herself and once again, he obliged without speaking as if he read her thoughts.

His hand finally made his way to her soft molds and he grabbed them, squeezing them softly.

'not there, Nolan.. not there please... I don't want to be touched there... touch me down there instead... please...' she begged him wordlessly. She wanted him to tend to her aching part that needed immediate attention.
She hoped and prayed that he would end this torturous back and forth foreplay that they had been engaging in for god knows how long!

"Arrhh." She fidgeted from the way he squeezed her breasts.

He finally removed his mischievous hands from her breasts and Layla found herself sighing in relief, he was finally going to pay attention to her aching part.

But to her dismay, his hands slipped past where she wanted him to touch her badly.
Instead he carried her off his body, and placed her carefully on the couch, with him on top of her.

She wondered what he was going to do next, when he suddenly ripped her dress off her body, tossing the ripped dress aside.

Layla gulped down nervously, as his eyes came in contact with her breasts as he stared hungrily at her.

"You're beautiful Layla.." she heard him say and Layla instantly turned crimson red.
Never would she have believed that he would tell her those words, that she was pretty.
But what she wasn't sure about, was if he was referring to her directly or her body.

Nolan's Adams apple popped out, as he stared at her deliciously looking breasts. Her pink nipples which were standing out, calling him to come and devour her.

Layla began to feel shy at the way he was just staring at her and attempted to cover herself up when he held her hands back.
###chapter 40
Settling himself in between her legs, he said
"Just lean on the couch and relax, Layla" he whispered as he removed his mouth from her nipple.
"I'll take care of the rest."

Layla never expected to hear those words coming from him. She had never thought he would say such an intimate and gentle line to her. And now she could not help but be alarmed because that line just turned her on damned hard. She could feel her heart racing as her cheeks warmed up from his words alone. Who knew Nolan had this side of him? 

She felt his lips on her shoulder as his hands moved from her waist, caressing her skin until he reached her breasts. The moment he squeezed her there, a silent gasp escaped her mouth. Oh dear

"Your breasts are so soft, " He whispered huskily as he continued massaging her breasts.

Sweat started to break out on her temples and forehead. And when he rolled her nipples between his pointer and his thumb, another gasp was torn from her lips as her whole frame trembled within his hold. Her eyes squeezed shut as she could not help but drop her head back on the couch. She had wanted him to touch her down there earlier, but he was just as good with the way he handled her soft molds.

"Yes, just like that my princess. Relax and just let me prepare you until you're ready for me."

This was not what she was expecting. At all!! Oh, good lord. He was not supposed to whisper these sweet words with his erotic and deep voice while touching her with burning strokes like this. He was not supposed to Wait, what was he not supposed to do? Layla could feel herself spinning out of control as her mind somehow just could not make sense of things.
She thought they would just have sex and get done with everything but now he was showering her with sultry words. Mind blowing words.

Another twist on her nipples had her letting out a sharp sound. A sound she could not believe had originated from her own lips.
He trailed his tongue from the spot just below her ear, down to the dip in her shoulder. His tongue was so hot. Like liquid fire that was threatening to burn her whole.

She could feel powerful muscles bunching and tightening under her ass and thighs as he continued touching her everywhere, except below her waist. She wanted him to touch her more, in there. But he only took his time and played with her breasts with ruthless and delicious patience.

"Spread your legs wide open for me, Layla" He commanded in a deep, vibrating voice. His hand had ever-so-slowly and finally crossed below her waist and was now resting on her legs. To be specific, it was placed right on her upper thigh. His palm was so hot, it was as though a flaming brand was being placed there, marking her as belonging to him.

Layla found herself obeying without any struggle, wanting him to bring his fiery hand to touch her now aching place so badly. Her face was blazing red as she opened up.

"Wider." He breathed, giving her a sharp nip on her earlobe. That almost tore another sharp sound from her mouth. 

"Not enough. More. Yes! Just like that. Mmm That's my good girl" he murmured words of encouragement and satisfaction when she did according to his wishes. Normally, she would have found this appalling and demeaning even. However, what he was doing was only causing the heat to burn even hotter down there. She could feel herself getting so wet.

Layla could only shut her eyes, whether in embarrassment or anticipation, she did not quite know as she felt his hand trailed on the insides of her thigh. Intense anticipation gripped her as she waited for him to touch her there, where she was most sensitive. But again, he took his time, delaying and making her wait, driving her crazy. But all she could do was bite down on her lip and stay docile and patient in his arms. She did not want to beg him like some desperate and wanton woman again. But oh lord this was much harder than she had ever anticipated. She had not expected for herself to be stuck in such a situation.

He slowly moved his hands to her waistline, ripping her panties off her body. Layla soon began to marvel if he preferred tearing the clothes of his sex partners.

When his fingers finally brushed across her there, Layla heard his curse rumble low in her ear. "F*ck. Look at that wet pretty p**sy" these words left his mouth as he suddenly palmed her center. "Do you know do you have any idea on just how wet you are right now? Huh?"

She did not know what she should say. Her mind was no longer working normally as before. Her mind was blurred, and her focus was fixed on nothing else but these delicious sensations.

"Answer me."

"I I d-don't know" Was all she could stutter out with labored breaths.

"Fine I shall show you then." He replied delightedly before starting to play with her folds, sliding his fingers up and down with sweet shallow motions. And without warning, he sunk his finger into her wet entrance. Elle stiffened at the invasion of his thick and blunt fingertip as she stifled a sound that he had elicited from her. "Easy there" he whispered, "relax your body, Layla"

That coaxing deep voice was like magic that had relaxed her jolted nerves. And before she knew it, she could feel nothing but pleasure as her focus was fixed to where he was touching her. Her whole universe had sharpened and was fully concentrated on that one place. Until his finger was sliding in and out inside her in a delicious rhythm.

"F*ck." She heard him curse again. His voice seemed to be getting more strained.

And then he suddenly stopped and pulled his finger out of her. A protest was about to be torn from Layla's lips when he lifted his hand right before her face. The moisture on his finger all the way to his palm had her eyes stretching wide in embarrassment and shock.

"This is how f*cking wet you are right." He drew and then he moved his hand towards himself.

Layla turned her head over her shoulder to look what he was going to do with it only to see him putting his finger inside his mouth and wrapping those seductively sexy lips around it.

"F*ck." He cursed after licking his finger clean. "You're f*cking delicious."

 Her lips parted and she felt like her mind froze out in another shock. His expression was as though he had just tasted something glorious. And what he had just said and did, as well as his expression and the look in his eyes drove spikes of something intense through her.

He entered her again, impaling his finger inside her as his one arm hooked around her throat again, pinning her against the couch. He glided his thick and long digit in and out of her as the heel of his hand ground against her nub. His actions sent pleasures shooting through her that left her gasping and moaning helplessly as she arched and jerked around in his hold. She had thought that being restrained; it would be an unpleasant experience. However, what she was feeling so far is nothing but heavenly.

Soon he added another finger to the one already effortlessly gliding in her depths. The heel of his hand moved in circles against her sensitive nub in a rhythm so perfect and mouth watering that she could feel her head spin.

"Nolan." she began to call out his name between her ragged breaths when he increased the pace and pressed the heel of his palm down a little harder.

He suddenly stopped his fingers just when she started to writhe uncontrollably in pleasure, causing her to nearly cry out in protest. He seemed to be waiting for something for a moment. Was he waiting for her to beg him to continue? Or could he be deciding if she was finally ready for him?

Whatever it was, Layla could no longer take it. Pure instincts took over her body and her hips moved on its own, her hips grinding herself onto his hand. And he cursed again. This time, it sounded like a growl rumbling in her ears, sending even more delicious shivers through her.

"Gods! You're so hot. You really never cease to surprise me. Look at you, so hot..". Nolan deadpanned, he began to realize that Layla was a big temptation to him, one that he should have avoided.
###chapter 41
It was as if Nolan had already mastered playing and controlling her, as for every place he touched now only served to send her floating into the heavens. Everything he did was just right, just perfect. There was nothing that felt bad. Nothing was off.

He doubled his pace, gliding and diving his digits harder into her. The wet, erotic and scandalous sounds mingled with her pants and moans. Something big and amazing was coming she could feel it. She was coming! And she could already tell this would be the kind of orgasm she has never experienced before.

At exactly the right moment, he gave her what she wanted, needed, and then her pleasure exploded like never before.

She pulled and clamped around his fingers violently as she cried out, not even able to make any sense of what he was murmuring in her ears anymore. She only knew that he was speaking to her in that wonderful deep voice that could cause tingles to spark in her lower areas.

Everything was just shocking. Simply mind-blowing. And her mind was in bits and pieces.

But he did not stop his onslaught on her as if he did not want her orgasm to end yet. He kept on going, prolonging her bliss, until every inch of her tingled and sang and danced with inexplicable pleasure that it was bordering on painful.

"Gods" his growl finally pierced through the fog that wrapped around her as she came down from that impossible high. She felt like she was now nothing but a heap of jelly. "You're the hottest woman I've ever seen. Look at you f*ck!" His voice was ragged in her ears. "Look at this, baby. Take a good look."

He brought his hand that was glistening with her love juices closer to her until it was literally right in her face. His hand was drenched and all she could do was stare at it. She could not even find a word to say. Her mind seemed to have short-circuited.

"You're more than ready for me now, Layla, F*ck, I can't wait to be inside that beautiful wet p**sy of yours." He said as he positioned himself well on top of her, looking down at her like he cannot wait to devour her. His eyes gleamed with such ferocious hunger that it sent an uncontrollable and pleasurable shiver through her body.
She was so beautiful and hot. After the first time they had sex, he found it so hard to get her off his mind. Now he was not sure he would ever be able to do that again. Layla was like an addictive drug.

He reached out for his belt and unbuckled it, and when he freed his manhood from his boxer Layla felt like she was instantly jolted back to her senses. Oh, dear lord!

She unconsciously pushed herself up on her elbows and almost scooted back against the couch in her alarm. Her eyes stretched wide as she stared at his length. He was bigger and thicker than she had ever thought. And those veins

"Look at what you did to me, Layla" His deep voice echoed as he half bit his lip. He looked like he was in disbelief himself. "Yes, you did this. It was you who made me this hard."
Though he was intoxicated by the drug, part of him still wanted and craved for Layla so badly.

Layla swallowed as she looked up at him, a little alarmed. There was only one thing in her mind now. She was sure that huge thing would be painful if it were to enter her! 

Because there was just no way it wouldn't! Right?! Her heart raced frantically the longer she stared at his length.
But then she remembered that he had gone into her before.
How did it even fit? This was the first time she was seeing his manhood this close and it was so huge.

And he bent down and kissed her mouth with another level of savagery. As if he was trying to convey to her how much he wanted her. He wanted her more than anything, they both wanted each other.

A groan was still rumbling in his chest as he devoured her mouth with another increased level of ferocity.

The control and gentleness had long since evaporated and he pressed his thick and rock-hard arousal against the depression between her legs where it was supposed to go.

The friction made Layla writhe restlessly beneath him. He rocked his hips in one smooth motion, slamming himself against her, while his mouth had crashed into hers without any reservation.
He drove into her without giving any warning, his huge manhood felt so relaxing inside her warm insides.

The force and roughness of it all she could not believe how glorious everything felt.
And she could not stop herself from meeting his movements with so much greed. Not even realizing how her fingers were already digging into his shoulders and the back of his neck and then she clutched onto his red dark silky hair that was a little damp with sweat.

Every thrust and slide of his erection against her only pushed her closer to that edge. Her breaths became shallower as she desperately tried to match his ferocity, despite knowing that it was not possible, because Nolan had gone feral, and her physical strength was no match for his.
He was a fucking Lycan for Christ sake!

But that did not stop her from getting closer to becoming undone. By him. The fact that he was still wearing his damned trousers did not even seem to matter at all at that moment.

Her name fell from his lips like a growl before he buried the rest of the sound into her mouth. All the while keeping up his pace, thrusting faster against her that their bodies were slamming against each other.

She erupted beneath him, and his guttural moan echoed loudly in her ears, followed by a broken cry of her name as he joined her over the mind-shattering orgasm.

His head fell into the crook of her neck as she came down from the high. 
He pecked her lips and their eyes met, this time his eyes were no longer blue but red.
He snuggled against the crook of her neck planting light kisses there and all of a sudden Layla felt something piercing into her skin like a needle.

She gasped in shock as she held Nolan tighter.
He had bitten her. She didn't know if it was a good or bad thing or if she should be scared.
Then she felt him licking that particular spot where he had bitten her.
 He hugged her so tight, burying his face into her hair as he trembled. No longer from the orgasm but an intense emotion that seemed to rock his entire world.
###chapter 42
Layla's eyes fluttered open as she felt someone holding her in a tight embrace.
She noticed that she was lying on a bed and last night's events came flooding into her mind.

Her and Nolan had sex, not just any sex, a hard core sex, that she could feel her thighs aching her.
He had brought her to the bed last night, where they ended up having another intense session of hard core sex.

Layla blushed hard as she remembered last night, the words he whispered into her ears, his fingers inside of her and finally his
It was too much.

She was about to turn but Nolan was holding her so tight to himself that she couldn't move. The fact that they were both still naked on the bed not helping issues at all.
She needed to leave at least to calm herself down and prepare herself for tomorrow when he finally woke up.

Squirming like an earthworm, she managed to release herself off Nolan's hold. Layla sat up from the bed, resting against the headboard as she exhaled sharply.
Last night was definitely a long one.
She looked outside the window as she wondered what the time was, then she discovered that it was almost morning.

Her eyes traveled to Nolan's direction and she noticed that he was sleeping so peacefully, he looked so cute and peaceful when he was asleep.

Layla quietly got off the bed as she headed for the bathroom, she needed to shower.
Her body was sticky from sweat and pre cum.

She turned the faucet on immediately when she got into the bathroom, allowing the cold and refreshing water from the shower to her bare skin. It was so relaxing.

Then she noticed something unusual on her neck from her reflection in the mirror.
Stepping out of the shower, she walked closer to the mirror to see what was at the side of her neck.
It looked like a tattoo, but Layla knew it wasn't because she had never gotten one before.

She placed her hand there, rubbing it gently. She wondered what it was. It was a drawing of something she couldn't recognize. She decided to wait for Nolan to wake up. Maybe he would have an explanation for it.

Sighing deeply, Layla stepped back into the shower and shut her eyes closed, enjoying the comfort it offered.

Her eyes were still shut, even she heard someone walk in.
She immediately snapped her eyes open as she turned to see Nolan standing at the door. Completely naked, his disheveled hair, his tattoos, his biceps and then his huge.they were all so tempting and inviting, at the same time intimidating.

Layla realized that she was naked also, she immediately became embarrassed and wrapped her around her chest in embarrassment.

"I'm leaving.." she mumbled with her head facing the ground shyly. Her assumption was that maybe he had come in here to shower, not knowing that she was Inside. But Nolan was fully aware that Layla was awake. He heard the sound of water dropping and when he didn't see Layla on the bed. He guessed that she was in here.

"No need.." Nolan voiced out in a low tone and Layla was forced to look up in surprise.

"But si.." Layla's voice trailed off when she realized that his eyes were fixed on her.
With the water droplets falling from her hair, to her flawless skin, Nolan couldn't look away from her.
Her pink lips, then her breasts. The only thing that was ringing in his head was for him to hold her tight and damn her.

And he succumbed to his thoughts as he suddenly pinned her against the wall, slamming his lips on hers.

Their kiss lasted for a few seconds, the water from the shower flowing freely on them.
Nolan removed his lips from hers as he trailed kisses down to her breasts, taking one of them in his mouth.

Layla felt the urge to push him away, saying all these were wrong. But the pleasure she was getting now was too much , and she wanted more.

He sucked her nipple roughly, grazing his teeth through it from time to time which earned him soft gasp from Layla.

He removed his mouth from her breasts, possessing her lips once again as he kissed her hungrily and naughtily.
His sinful tongue explored her mouth.

Breaking off from the kiss, he locked his eyes with Layla for a while before he suddenly squatted.
Her eyes widened at the sight of him squatting on the floor, looking at her with those breathtaking icy blue eyes of his.

He then reached for her hips with both hands outstretched, causing her to catch her breath from his actions. His handsome face was right before her p**sy, which made her heart seize in surprise.

Her entire body burned red as she unconsciously stepped back. But he held her still, not letting her move even a single inch away from him. "Be good and stay still, Layla" His eyes smoldered through his thick and dark lashes as he stared up at her and when he lowered his eyes, she watched them lingering on her down there. That sent a jolt of desire running through her again. And she saw something depraved and starved crossing those icy blue as he raked his hungry eyes over her. 

His teasing hands then traveled from her hips to her curved behind. She winced a little when his fingers brushed across the cheek of her butt.

He caressed her butt cheek gently which sent an electric jolt right through her body each time he did that.
She shivered at the suggestive look in his eyes and at the same time because of his fingers accidentally or purposefully brushing against her lower folds.

Flushing, she was about to forcefully tear her gaze off him when he released her from his gaze first. He focused his attention on his slow ministrations, his hands sliding downwards until it reached the tips of her toes. 

Lifting her leg, he placed her feet on his leg. Something in her was turning into a volcano that would erupt anytime soon the longer she stared at him. The longer she stared, the more her eyes formed a blurry haze that sent her mind covered in a fog. Staring for an extended time at this insanely handsome man squatting right down there and touching her, she truly had no defense against this. 

Without her knowing, she started biting on her lips as her gaze stayed completely glued on him. Lord, she wanted him this gorgeous boss of hers. She desperately wanted him to slam her against the wall and damn her.

Her gaze settled on his well-formed hands on her feet and then to his powerful tattooed muscles. He was so toned, so hot so perfect that it was truly impossible for any woman to not lust for him. She wanted to know how it would feel to touch him that tattooed fiery skin of his she wondered how it would feel to hold him.
Layla quickly brushed that thought of her head, she shouldn't be thinking about that now.
She should be thinking of how she would face him later, because she was so utterly embarrassed.

Lost in her thoughts, she was jolted back to reality by her own loud moan when his fingers brushed against her down there again. She blazed red in embarrassment as their eyes accidentally met. She had moaned so loudly before she even realized it. Oh lord! 

He smirked in satisfaction but in the very next moment, the hunger in his eyes took over everything else as he stared up at her.
###chapter 43
"Now all you need to do is to spread these pretty legs of yours apart, Layla" He instructed, his deep metallic voice echoing round.
 
"Good girl" he breathed out. He sucked in such a long deep breath that she felt the sharp flow of air against her lower lips. Oh lord.
When he moved his hand towards her, Layla shut her eyes and looked away in embarrassment.
"Spread your legs more." Came his commanding voice, causing her eyes to fly wide open before she looked down at him. Though the instruction was something that she could not quite accept mentally, his gaze was so intense that she just automatically obeyed, as if she was being compelled by something in his icy blue eyes.
When she spread her legs a little more, Layla did her best not to look away as he began touching her. His long, agile fingers easily spreading apart her lower lips almost ripped a moan from her mouth. The pleasure of his touch alone could be enough to send her mind reeling, erasing every thought, and once again rendering her incapable of rational thought.
Soon he was gliding his fingers so deliberately slow around her folds. And he even looked like he was thoroughly enjoying his task.
Her legs started to weaken again. The sensation of his fingers was just too much for her to bear. And yet all she could do was stand there and watch him. Watch him do such a supposedly scandalous act that he had somehow made look so hot. Lord this was getting insane real quick.
The tickling sensation she felt as they shower was pouring when he did all these things to her was something so so good. It was ever so light, almost like a crisp breeze falling over her sensitive skin. How was there even such a sensation that could be evoked just by using the flow of water from the shower? This was crazy!
Layla wanted to shut her eyes and keep it closed. No, her eyes were already almost fully closed so helplessly due to the pleasure of it all. It was all too much for her.
But thank goodness because she managed to stop herself before her eyes were completely closed. She could not spread her legs any wider anymore, no matter how much Nolan wanted. 
"Please" the word came out unexpectedly.Her legs were just so weak now that they were trembling until her knees were almost knocking.
"Please what?" His brows furrowed and he fixed his eyes on her.
"My legs they're going to give out." She whispered to him with her large eyes brimming over with unshed tears. Though she had wanted to say the word, it was not what she was saying 'please' for. 
"Lean against the wall." He instructed and she eased herself back slowly. The cold touch of the marble wall behind her created such a contrast to her blazing hot body. 
"And drop that hand. I want to see your full face, baby girl." 
Obediently, Layla slowly dropped her hand that was covering her breasts after taking a breath. 
"Now shall we continue?" he asked her and Layla once again nodded without hesitation. Almost frantically even. 
Her mind was no longer working. She could not think of anything else but for him to get done with pleasuring her and use something else instead.
Her throbbing p**sy wanted his hard dick so badly. How long has it been? She could not even tell anymore. All she knew now was that she needed it or she would die from this overly sweet torture that had gone far too long. 
"Yes." She said when he did not move, thinking that he was waiting for her to speak and not just nod. 
A wicked, satisfied smile curved on his lips hearing how she had responded. 
Then he lifted his hand again, this time, he increased the pressure In which the water used to flow. When the water jetted out, a moan was torn from her lips. Lord that was stronger than before. The water's pressure hit her everywhere, not missing even a single spot. 
No...lan" her voice choked a little, coming out in a pleading manner. Now she knows. Now she knew why this was considered as a punishment. He was going to kill her with this. She was under his mercy and he was going to torture her endlessly.
This was sweet torture to Layla.
Something devious danced across his eyes and then his face was an inch before her. "Such a bad and naughty little " he trailed off and stuck out his tongue. Without breaking eye contact, he gave her a long, dirty, shocking lick from her ass to her hard nub. 
That long and dirty lick sent Layla's mind and body spiraling into nothing else but focusing solely on her over sensitive nerve endings. She was shocked by his action and how surprising it had felt. Dear lord how could something so so dirty and shameful feel so crazily good? 
After that rude, infuriating way he had stopped his stimulations from earlier, that almost brought her to her knees, crying in utter frustration, she was quickly whizzed back up to heaven again. Her head was spinning at the sudden change between heaven and hell, from being suddenly deprived to being suddenly fulfilled. Dear Lord if he were to do this to her a few more times, she did not know if her mind would be able to maintain its sanity!
He already had one of her legs lifted and draped over his shoulder as he took his time licking her inner thighs. Then he started licking around her now hard and sensitive nub, slowly and patiently as though he had all the time in the world. 
It did not take long for her to feel the slow build up that his hot skillful, slick, tongue had created. And before long, the showerhead that had brought her so much pleasure from before was totally forgotten. Nothing was making her feel more alive and tingling from every single pore on her body than what he was doing to her right this moment.
###chapter 44
He started to suck and rub her using a steady and delicious rhythm, driving her absolutely crazy in the best possible way. He was so focused in taking his time, as though he himself was enjoying the process as well. 
For a long while, he focused his attention on her little nub , that sensitive bundle of nerves keeping a steady circular motion going with his slick tongue for some time, before trying another movement on her. Up and down, side to side, and the rapid pushing of his tongue. Every swipe, every circling, every stab that lashed at her poor little nub kept Layla constantly gasping and small moans were starting to escape her lips before long. And when he finally pulled away a little and blew lightly on her, she shuddered so hard from that gentle stimulation.
"Hmmm Beautiful" he breathed out in what sounded like a worshiping tone, his eyes glistening as he stared at her down there before seemingly struggling to drag his eyes up to look at her. "So, fucking beautiful." he added and then he promptly buried his face right into her core, moving his face around as he latched his mouth onto her nether lips in an almost starving manner, tearing an erotic and loud shriek from her lips. 
He truly began eating her out in wild abandon. It was as if something had turned his beast mode on. His nose was pushed right up against her as he relentlessly ate her, providing more crazy stimulations that Layla could no longer help but reach both her hands out to grab onto his dark and silky hair. His hair felt so smooth and luxurious even as she felt the texture in her hands while being so consumed with what he was doing to her.
"Ah, yes Nolan yes!" She started to make suggestive sounds, begging him to bring her higher to the heaven of pleasure she had been dying to reach for what felt like eternity now. 
And then something entered her , his fingers. "Lord yes" she moaned out without restrain as he began to glide his long tapering digits inside of her, in and out, while his hot, delicious mouth continued its attack - pleasuring her enthusiastically.
Layla tightened her grip on his hair harder and before she knew it, she was pressing herself into his godly face, grinding herself up against him. She was going crazy, no, she had long since gone crazy, this pleasure. Oh lord.
 it was going to happen again she was going to blow up again like fireworks in the sky.
Who would have thought that this naughty side.on Nolan existed, a side that she couldn't help but admit that she loved.
She loved it all, his finger inside her, his tongue, and then his monstrous dick. They were all too much for her.
Nolan suddenly pulled away without warning, tearing a desperate cry from her lips. "Oh please, don't!" she really teared up, looking at her big, bad and cruel mate.
But he was already standing. His leg was between her legs to keep her from melting into a puddle of Jell-O right onto the floor. 
"Layla" he called out and Layla realized the hunger, the utter longing that was in his voice now. 
"Tell me tell me you want me inside you again. Tell me you miss my hard dick inside your lovely pu**y. Tell me baby" he kept whispering such suggestive words into her ears.
His breaths were labored and his gaze dear lord, even his eyes looked like heaven was on fire. She could see how he hungered for her. That lust, that desire the intensity of it was something she had never seen or known to be possible. He wanted her, and it was far more than the desire she was capable of feeling. 
Their gazes held and the blazing inferno between them seemed to burn even wilder, if that was even possible. 
"Layla" he uttered her name again, almost in a ragged and begging voice. 
"I want you. I f**king want you right now. So, tell me now, baby. Tell me that you want me inside you again. That you want my dick screwing you into your wet p**sy again, tell me, baby please" his voice cracked a little at the end and showed Layla how much he was barely able to control himself by now.
She was shocked at his words but the lust that he made exploded within her quickly clouded whatever thoughts she had left. Lord he was right she wanted to feel him inside her once again. She wanted his hard and hot length buried deep within her again, filling her up to the brim. She remembered how wonderful it was for the both of them just a few hours ago, when they did it on the couch . That was all that remained in her mind.
She had a fleeting thought that she might later regret this event, but it seemed that she was not strong enough to continue resisting. This devastatingly beautiful temptation was just impossible to resist. Just impossible. 
Her body, mind, and heart had given in. She was going to have to eat her words and have sex with him again, only this time, she wanted to touch him. She was dying to touch him and hold him while they became one again. She did not want it to be so detached and impersonal as though it was merely a transaction between them.
Lifting her hand, Layla reached out to touch his chest as she opened her mouth to tell him to take her again. Their lips crashed against each other as they engaged in a deep kiss.
He squeezed her breasts from time to time, which made Layla moan out loud each time he did that.
He slowly broke away from the kiss, as he fixed his eyes on the mark he had given her. She was now bearing his mark.
Last night didn't go the way he had planned it, instead of rejecting her he had marked her. Now his mind was numb in what was next for him to do.
"Do you know what this is?" He asked in a rough voice as Layla shook her head. She planned on asking him.
"You're now bearing my mark Layla" as he said those words Layla felt a tingling sensation in between her legs. She didn't know what that meant at all. All she knew was that she felt elated when she heard him say those words.
"We've become one" he whispered in her ears. Now there was nothing to do but for them to remain as mates.


There was no way he could go on with the rejection now he had marked her.
Because there was a chance of one of them losing their life.
"We're now inseparables, Layla.." he said those words not knowing what to feel.
Regret or joy. He didn't want a mate. 


But now the deed had been done, now they've had sex and mated. He was not sure he would ever be able to get his hands off her body again.
Doing that the first time was quite a hassle for him.
Layla slowly lifted her hands, placing it on his face. She leaned over to plant a kiss on his lips.
They could talk about that later, now she wanted him.
Nolan seemed to have gotten her message. He carried her up from the ground, wrapping her legs around his slender waist as he made her back rest on the wall.
A hard thrust came as he pushed his whole length into her, immediately he had carried her up.
Layla drew out a sharp moan when he did that. He always took her unaware whenever he drove inside of her.
Then he began to move in and out of her ravenously. The only sound that was heard was water dropping, grunts and loud moans from Layla as he f**ked her hard under the shower.
###chapter 45
A call came through, as Nolan's phone vibrated.
He groaned sitting up from the bed, picking up the phone as he took a look at the caller.
Xander was written at the phone screen.
"Talk to me" he voiced out in a low voice as he picked the call up.
"Oh thank goodness.." Xander's relieved voice peered out from the phone speaker.
"I've been trying to reach you a through the night, but you were not picking up, how's everything over there?" Xander asked.
"Good.." came Nolan's Short reply.
"And Layla?" Xander raised his brow waiting for Nolan's reply. He actually called for two reasons. To ask after them and know if Nolan s rejected Layla.
"She's fine." Nolan replied softly and his eyes traveled to Layla who was sleeping soundly beside him.
He raked his hands through his hair, as he blew out air from his mouth.
Yesterday definitely did not go as he had planned..he had planned to reject her but ended up marking her as his instead. Now that were both one, like inseparables. Something he tried so hard to avoid from happening.
"Alright that's good to hear" Xander grimned at the other side of the phone.
"And Hayes?" Nolan asked climbing off the bed as he walked over to his closet to grab some clothes.
He collected a shirt and a shirt which he wore, before leaving the room.
"He's been caught, my men caught him when he was trying to flee Seattle" Xander explained as Nolan shook his head.
"Where is he right now?" He asked. Now he would show Hayes who the real boss was.
"We're currently at the pack.." replied Xander.
"Alright, I'll be there soon.." Nolan informed disconnecting the call.
He sighed deeply looking around the sitting room which was in a huge mess.
Layla's dress was lying helplessly on the floor, her panties also. His clothes too, they were at different sections of the sitting room.
He began to walk around the room, picking up the clog one after the other and he tossed them in a nearby trash.
"God damnit.." he cursed sitting I'm the dining room as she resolved to wait for Layla till she woke up, then they would have a proper conversation.
..
Layla rolled in the bed, groaning loudly as she stretched her hands out.
She opened her eyes slowly as she looked around the room. She realized she was alone.
"Fuck" she cursed sitting up from the bed as she rested against the headboard and she used the duvet to cover herself up as she was naked.
She found herself breathing in relief that Nolan was not in the room, because she wasn't sure that she would ever be able to face him again. Not after what happened last night.
She wished that it was all a dream. That it never happened in reality. Now the aphrodisiac hated used on him had worn off. She wondered what would happen next.
They both had sex with each other because she voluntarily offered herself to him and in the act of doing so, he had marked her. When he clearly stated that he would reject her.
Layla bit her lips in frustration. Things would never remain the same again from now on with him around her, not after what transpired between them last night.
Thinking of last night, Layla's face burned red as she recollected everything that happened, Nolan was completely different from the Nolan she knew.
The Nolan she knew was cold, heartless and didn't care about anyone's feelings. The Nolan of last night was surprisingly gentle and sultry.
Remembering how hard he went on her, he drove her so hard that she became scared at a point. She was pregnant and didn't want anything to endanger the life of her baby.
She needed Aurora.
Sighting her purse which was lying on the floor, Layla squirmed out of the bed with the duvet wrapping her body as she went over to grab her purse.
She opened her purse as she brought out her phone.
She checked what time it was and discovered that it was past ten in the morning. 
Last night was so tiring and it left her exhausted. She was still sore.
She walked over to Nolan's closet and grabbed some clothes. Thank goodness he had clothes here because she didn't have any, not even underwear. They've been shredded to pieces.
After grabbing the clothes, she walked into the bathroom to freshen up, but before that she had to call Aurora.
"Hi, Layla, how are you doing?" Aurora's cheerful voice rang in her ears.
"I'm good" Layla replied in a low voice as she didn't want Nolan to hear her.
"So how's your trip going, I hope you haven't stumbled upon scarlet and her scary mother?" Aurora asked.
"Yes, I did. I met scarlet"
"What!!" Aurora screamed that Layla had to shift her phone a few meters away from her ear.
"Hope she did not try to do something stupid?" Aurora grilled curiously.
"I'll tell you about that once I get home, now I have a very important question for you" Layla began.
"Okay what question?"
"Ummisum..is it safe to have sex during pregnancy?" Layla questioned whispers as she was embarrassed.
"Are you planning on having sex?" Aurora gasped in shock.
"Wait, did you get back with Mike?"
"No!! Eww" Layla frowned in disgust.
"Then why are you asking or did you have sex with"
"No Aurora.."Layla cut her short.
"Stop making stupid assumptions, I was just curious that's all, so I decided to ask.." she lied.
Not wanting to talk to Aurora about Nolan now and all the mysteries surrounding him.
"Just give me an answer already?" Layla grilled anxiously.
"Okay alright, Yes it's safe.." Aurora finally responded and Layla breathed out in relief.
"Thank God.." she mouthed.
"Layla, if you're planning on having se" 
"Byeee, see you soon" Layla quickly said as she disconnected the call. She had already gotten her answers, that was one issue solved.
Now she needed to go to the next. Face Nolan.
###chapter 46
After freshening up, Layla stepped out from the room as she couldn't lock herself in forever.
She needed to come out and face Nolan.

She walked over to the sitting room and saw him sitting on a couch with a cup of hot coffee In front of him.

"Good morning sir.." she greeted in a low tone picking her nails.
She wanted to do two things, clear this matter up, if possible she didn't want them to talk about anything and just forget it happening.
Secondly, she wanted to seek permission to leave. The business trip was over, so she had no business whatsoever here again in Seattle.
And she still had to leave immediately as she was still at risk as long as Scarlet and Rosalie were in Seattle.

Nolan swayed his head to see her standing there, he just nodded slowly before looking away from her.

So he is back to his usual self, Layla snorted.

"Um.." she began as she wanted to leave immediately.

"I wanted to ask"

"Sir let's talk.." he chimed in and Layla's brows creased.

Did he still want to talk about last night?
Oh god dammit! The last thing she wanted was for him to speak about it. The fact that she was standing in front of him was a hassle because she was utterly embarrassed.

"Iokay sir." Layla obliged by taking her seat opposite him as there was no need to argue with him.

"About last night.." he began and Layla blurped loudly.

"I will take responsibility for what happened, it was my fault.." he uttered softly. Her life was about to take a huge turnaround and she needed to be ready for it.

She has mated with an Alpha which technically meant that she would be a Luna. And that was a huge responsibility to carry.

"Apparently you already know about my real identity.." he sighed, picking up the cup of coffee which was in front of him and he took a sip from it.

"You know that I'm a Lycan, you know everything now and you know that we're mates and we've mates.." he paused, dropping the cup back in its original position.

Layla listened with rapt attention as he spoke, she was already prepared to tell him that he could go ahead to reject her. She equally didn't want to be mates with him.

"I planned to reject you but things didn't turn out as planned, now we're inseparable.." he chuckled dryly as he smacked his lips loudly.

"You can still go ahead with the rejection sir.." Layla reasoned. She did not want him either.
She couldn't even imagine being with a person like him.
He was handsome, yes but his personality was a big no for her.

"I don't think you understand the meaning of inseparable Layla.." he deadpanned, squinting his eyes at her. She really had a lot to learn about Lycans and werewolves. 
This new responsibility of a Luna was something she couldn't ignore. She was entitled to it.

"If you reject me, you die or I die, but most times the females lose their lives because they're more fragile " he stated and Layla felt her heart seize.
Rejection was much worse than losing one's mate. When he lost Vera, it took him a long time to bounce back to his real self.
Now if he rejects Layla, it is most likely that she would lose her life.

Layla's hands trembled as she said those words, he never mentioned death. She can't die. No!

"The mate bond is stronger than you think Layla, I can feel your emotions and you can feel mine, now you're scared.." he blurted out. He could feel her fear. He didn't know why she was scared but from now on Layla was his responsibility.

"There's no need to be scared Layla, I'm not going to bite you. You can live your life however you like, you can live like a free bird" he informed as he had no plans of holding her close to himself.

"But there's something you should know, Layla, I'm not just a Lycan but an Alpha, in other words you can say I rule the Lycans and the werewolves.." she lifted her gaze as she looked at him wondering how him being an Alpha affected her.

"You now have a responsibility to carry Layla, you're now my Luna, you now have people under you and their priorities come first.." he intoned the last few words staring intently at her.

Layla couldn't utter any word, she was confused, everything was too much for her to bear.

"I'm not rushing you into anything, you can take your time Layla.."

"Just know from now onwards, you're my responsibility and I'll handle everything.." he assured and Layla scoffed inwardly.

Responsibility her foot! Why didn't take responsibility for the first night they spent together? Why did he treat her like trash when he met her as if what happened was her fault?

"Why didn't you take responsibility for that night?" She was forced to ask him.

"Because whatever happened that night was nothing but a mistake." He spat out bluntly and Layla felt her heart squeeze.
Her child is not a mistake, this pregnancy is one of the best things that could ever happen to her as she found a new reason to be happy.

"It was never meant to happen.." he said again.
After that night, he began to live in guilt and hated himself so much. He hated the moon goddess for giving him a second chance mate when she took the one he loved away from him.
He hated Layla to the core for even appearing in his Life.

"A mistake.." Layla repeated in ridicule as she stood on her feet.
If he considered that night a mistake, then he would consider her pregnancy a mistake and wouldn't accept it. Then what was the need of telling him about it.

"I can take good care of myself, there's no need to take responsibility for anything.." she said angrily walking away from him as she walked into a room slamming the door behind her.
His words pissed her a lot. She had never been this angry.

Nolan pursed his lips as he watched her leave, what did he say that made her so angry.
Standing up from the chair, he headed to her room as he spoke.

"We're going to the pack soon, get ready" and with that he walked away.
###chapter 47
Layla and Nolan arrived at the pack house, each having a gloomy look on their faces.
From one look, one could tell that they were obviously not in the mood to speak or talk to anyone.

Layla was still very angry at Nolan for what he had said to her and Nolan was still angry at himself, thinking that he was irresponsible and didn't take care of things properly.

Layla admired the peacefulness of the back. It oozed with life. One could tell that everyone was happy here.

She admired the huge mansion that Nolan had taken her to, it was so big, beautiful and somewhat ancient.

The guards on duty bowed in respect as they both arrived, the huge door sprang open and Layla saw Keisha standing there her face beaming with smiles, behind her was Carla, who had an irritated look on her face.

"You guys are here, hi Layla.." Keisha waved jovially at Layla who flashed a smile at her.

"Where's Hayes?" Nolan asked, a dark Aura surrounding him.
Anyone who would see him should know better than anyone that he needed to be avoided.

"At the dungeon, welcome Nolan.." Carla chimed in as she walked to Nolan holding his arm.

"I'll walk you there.." she offered. Still trying hard to get why Nolan brought Layla, a human to the pack.

"No need, I can walk myself" he refused.

"Take care of Layla.." he instructed, removing Carla's hand from his arm as he gently pushed it away before walking away from them.

"And you!!" Carla snapped at Layla immediately Nolan was gone.

"What are you doing here?" She questioned.
What was Nolan thinking that he brought a human to the pack?

"What kind of question is that?" Keisha stepped in.

"This is none of your business Keisha, I'm speaking to her not you, so please step aside.." Carla retorted venomously.
She was so annoyed that Nolan told her to take care of Layla.
The f*ck!! Layla was not a f*cking baby!!

"Why are you here?" She asked again. But got no reply from Layla, who was not in the mood to speak to her.

"I'm talking to you!!" Carla snarled walking over to grab Layla's arm but was stopped by Keisha in time.

"What's wrong with you?"

"Her!!" Carla pointed at Layla angrily.

"She's my problem, she's just a common secretary, but yet doesn't know how to speak and is always rude, I'll make sure to teach her a lesson, so she will know how to talk when next I'm talking to her" Carla blabbed angrily.

"She's not a common secretary Carla.." Keisha drew out.

"Oh yes, she is.."

"She's not, in fact she is Nolan's mate, that's why he brought her to the pack house" Keisha said as Carla froze.

"W...hat do yo..u m..ean?" She stammered in bewilderment.

"I said Layla and Nolan are mates.." Keisha repeated, holding Layla's hand.
From the look of things, Nolan might have changed his mind last night and didn't reject her anymore. That's why he brought her along to the pack house, because he had rejected Layla, there was no need to bring her here.

"You've got to be kidding me.." Carla laughed, waving that off.
Keisha was just trying to pull her legs.
When did Nolan find a mate, and he didn't even mention it, that he ever found one.

"Believe it Carla.."

"I know You're lying, because Nolan never told me.." Carla spat, finding it hard to believe.

"It's probably because he didn't feel the need to do so, or he felt like you had no right to know.." Keisha shrugged her shoulders.

"Everyone knows, Xander, Darren and I" she added.

"But I don't know about it!!." Carla exclaimed her eyes wide as saucers.

"You don't need to.." Keisha smiled warmly.

Layla felt like laughing, the look on Carla's face was just so funny. And she was happy that she had finally been out in her place.
Layla had never insulted Carla, or ever been rude to her.
But from the first time they met, Carla was always rude to her.

"Luna!!" Someone exclaimed happily from behind them as they both turned to see Xander who just walked in.

"Luna!!" Both Carla and Keisha exclaimed in horror at the same time.

"Yes.." Xander confirmed stopping in front of them .

"Hi Layno Luna.." he said playfully as he made a curtsey before her like he was in front of a noble.

"Hi.." Layla waved in a low voice.

"What Luna??" Carla shrieked.

"This Luna.." Xander pointed at Layla.

"Luna!!" Keisha squealed, her face beaming with smiles.

"Hmm hmmm" Xander nodded his head slowly. 

"How did you know about this, Nolan never mentioned it?" Carla nudged, her face getting red from the intense anger she was feeling

"I'm Nolan's gamma.." Xander reminded.

"I know, you're his gamma.." Carla repeated with sarcasm and Xander swayed his head to look at her.
He had never liked her.

"My major priority is to protect the Alpha, same with his Luna.." he began.

"Right from when I stepped in, I knew Layla was my Luna, because I feel the need to respect and protect her," he explained. Nolan had not told him about it but he could tell. Nolan did not reject her in fact he made her his Luna.

"Really!!!" Keisha squealed as she hugged Layla.

"Why didn't you tell me about it?" She asked, holding Layla's shoulder.

"And why do you look like this?" Her brows furrowed as she looked at Layla. She looked dull.

"Are you feeling fine?" She asked placing her hand on Layla's neck to feel her temperature.
She tucked her hair behind when she saw a mark on her neck.

"What's th"

"I'm fine.." Layla cut her short, bringing her hair back to its place.
Now she understood the importance of long hair. 
Her short hair would barely be able to hide Nolan's mark on her neck not to talk of the hickeys. The one Keisha reportedly saw.
Nolan's mark was on the right side of her neck, Keisha checked the left side. She only saw a hickey.

"Hick.."

"I'm fine.." Layla chimed in, stopping Keisha from what she was about to say. But Xander and Carla got the message. Carla felt like rushing to Layla and strangling her. So they even had sex.

"I'm just tired that's all.." a smile ghosted Layla's face.

"I understand it's normal.." Keisha said mischievously.

"I didn't mean that.." Layla intoned.

"Mean what?" Keisha raised a brow at her as Layla bit her lips.

"Forget it, I'm just having a hard time adjusting.."

"I didn't say anything but anyways you have me Layla, I'll help you with everything you need to know about the park.." Keisha volunteered.

"You guys are so impossible.." Carla grunted in anger.

"Nolan has not even said anything about this, just shut up, she's not our Luna and can never be!!" She yelled walking away in anger.

"Don't mind Carla, she gets easily irritated and is super annoying.." Keisha stated.

"Where's Nolan?" Xander inquired.

"He went to the dungeon.." replied Keisha.

"Okay, I'll go there, Layla, do you mind coming along?" Xander offered as Layla shook her head.

"I don't think I can.."

"She's Coming with us.." Keisha interrupted, dragging Layla away and they headed to the dungeon.
###chapter 48
"Come on.." Keisha led Layla into a dark room.

"Your Alpha is inside.." she giggled and Layla rolled her eyes.
Alpha her foot!. They were just mates by name, there was nothing special between them as long as she was concerned. Nolan didn't want her nor did she want him.
What she wanted to do now was to leave.
Run to a place where no one will ever find her and raise her baby herself.

"Alpha" Keisha called as soon they got to where Nolan was.
In front of him was Hayes bound in chains, a man Layla had never met and Carla.

"What are you doing here?" Nolan asked, turning away from Hayes, who was seated on the ground with a bloodied face. It was evident that he had been tortured a lot.

"Why did you bring Layla here?" He asked again.

"I thought it would be okay if I brought her along.." Keisha explained and Nolan stared long at Layla before looking away.

Truth be told, Layla didn't want to be there either. She felt uncomfortable, the stench, the sight of blood on Hayes, irritated her and she felt like puking.
Not only that, she was feeling weak and worn out.
She needed to visit the hospital to have a check up. She hadn't visited the hospital till she discovered she was pregnant and that was about two months ago.

"Who's she?" Hayes coughed out blood as his gaze traveled to Layla.

"I thought humans weren't allowed here in the pack, why did you bring her, unless she's someone special to you.." Hayes snorted weakly.
His plan had failed, none was accomplished and the trap he set for Nolan, didn't work out.
When he drugged him, he had plans for Nolan. But when he saw that Nolan was killing his men, he wanted to kill Layla instead, so there wouldn't be a way out for Nolan when the drug started taking effect as it was night time and no one would be around. But none of his plans worked.

"I guess you both had a steamy night, right?" His smirk as Layla shifted uncomfortably.

"Look at how tired she looks, you're definitely a bad Alpha.." he drew out laughing loudly.

Layla felt like walking over to Hayes and giving him a hot slap across his cheeks, so he would shut up.
He was uttering rubbish.
Reminding her of what she was trying so hard to forget. Last night.

Everything that happened last night she was trying so hard to forget it and pretend as if nothing ever happened.
How Nolan's hands felt on her, his tongue down there, the words he said to her. She wanted to forget it all.

"Shut up!" Nolan snarled, gripping Hayes' neck.

"There's no need to get worked up about it all, the drug I used on you is very potent and she was the only woman with you, we're all adults here, you definitely had a longnight." He deadpanned in sarcasm as his eyes traveled to Layla.

"She's even wearing your clothes.." he laughed and Carla clenched her fist tight in anger. She swore to make Layla miserable, she would regret ever coming into Nolan's life.

"Don't mind his words Layla, he's a psychopath.." Keisha assured and Layla shook her head slowly.

"Make sure he loses his tongue.." Nolan instructed.

"Are you killing him?" Darren asked.

"Not yet ." Nolan replied, removing his hands from Hayes' neck.

"Where are you going? I have a request to make.." Hayes began mischievously.

"I should at least have a taste of her, what do you think?" Hayes raised a brow at Nolan as his eyes raked Layla.

"She's very pretty, how come I didn't notice her last night, I would have made sure to kidnap her.." he said meaningfully.

"Do you know what I'll do to her if I kidnap her?" He queried annoyingly. Nolan who was still squatting in front of him fought so hard to not to kill him.

"I'll take her and do a lot of things to her, a lot.." he emphasized his eyes still on Layla who was beginning to shift uncomfortably.
No doubt, Hayes was disgusting.

"A lot more than whatever you did to her last night, trust me darling, I'm far better than him.." he laughed hysterically.
His plan had failed, he had been marked a traitor, Nolan would definitely kill him in the future, because there was no way nan would spare him for what he did.

"We can try if you"

"Shut up!!" Nolan growled, punching him right through the face. 

How dare he say such dirty things about Layla?

"You broke my nose.." Hayes spat out blood.

"Your bones are next.." 

"But before that, can I have her?" Hayes pointed at Layla. No doubt, she was very beautiful. 

"I know she's a whore you probably picked up and would.."

"I said shut up!!" Nolan uttered softly. Hayes really got the nerves.

"And she is not a whore like your mother.." he spat scornfully.

"Ok please, Alpha, enough of these, just one night.." he demanded.

"At least fulfill that wish, take it as my dying wish as a once respected werewolf " he requested shamelessly.

"I would love to run my hands through that Milky skin of hers and feel her, it'd be fun to have a taste of what the Alpha had tasted, I'm sure those bre" 

"Goddamn you!!" Nolan mouthed and the next second he had already snapped out his fangs and he began to claw Hayes angrily, ripping his throat out as blood sprawled everywhere.

"Damn you" he cursed standing up on his feet as Hayes body fell on the ground lifelessly. He died like a chicken.

Nolan wasn't planning on killing him just yet, but he couldn't bear hearing Hayes say such rubbish about Layla.

Layla stood still as she watched Nolan covered in blood, she suddenly began to feel more irritated, feeling the urge to puke. She was feeling lightheaded.

"Layla are you okay?" Keisha asked, sensing her discomfort. She could tell she was uncomfortable from her body movement.

"No I'm not" she stammered feeling an unsettling feeling at the depths of her stomach.

"I need to visit the bathroom.." she managed to utter as the lump forming on her throat was threatening to come out.

"Come with me, I'll take you there.." Keisha offered and she immediately took Layla out.

"Clean the mess up.." Nolan instructed leaving as well.
###chapter 49
Belching sounds were heard as Layla released all the contents in her stomach into the toilet.
She felt like disgorging her lungs out as she felt so irritated and disgusted.

"F**k" she mumbled feeling satiated. She now felt better. The toilet made a flushing sound as she pressed a button.
Standing up from the ground, she walked over to the sink and turned the faucet on. Water began to flow out, which she used in rinsing her face and her mouth.

Feeling much better, she stepped out of the bathroom.

"Layla are you okay?" Keisha asked worriedly immediately as she stepped out of the bathroom.

"I'm fine," Layla muttered, wiping the corners of her mouth.
Truth be told, she was feeling very funny. She guessed it was the normal early morning pregnancy sickness.

"What happened, you look sick?" Keisha reasoned, she had noticed Layla's foul mood, since the first time she stepped foot into the pack.

"I'm fine" Layla stressed, holding her forehead. Now she was feeling dizzy.

"You don't look fine to me.." Keisha pointed out.

"Trust me, I'm okay.." Layla forced out a smile to make it look convincing.

"It's just that I felt irritated at what happened back there, you know the blood and all, it made me cringe, you know.." she explained as Keisha shook her head.

"Or." She drew out playfully tugging Layla's shoulders.

"Or what?" 

"You're pregnant.." Keisha winked mischievously and Layla choked on her words.
Did she know?

"What pregnant?" Layla exclaimed in shock.
It just couldn't be that they knew about her pregnancy. She's definitely done for.

"Yes, Pregnant right? I'm right, isn't it?" Keisha smiled and Layla reasoned that maybe she didn't have any idea about her pregnancy.

"No I'm not pregnant" she denied.

"How can I get pregnant, who will get me pregnant, there's no way I can get pregnant right?" She laughed sheepishly as she kept on asking countless questions.

"Nolan can get you pregnant.." Keisha voiced out and Layla frowned. It seemed as if the world was against her today. They're definitely trying to test her.

"Please it's not that we're that close, so" she chuckled. Now she really needed to leave this place called a pack and she needed to visit a hospital.

"Anything can happen.." Keisha shrugged her shoulders.

"Don't worry, Nolan would know right away that you're carrying his baby" Keisha began and Layla felt her heart seized.
Was that a special ability of theirs?

"He ca..n?" She stammered and Keisha nodded affirmatively.
If he can know that she's pregnant, does that mean that he was aware all these while.

"Yes, when you're about three or four months gone, he can smell his pup in you.." Keisha explained and Layla found herself breathing in relief.
She was only about two months gone, so she was safe now, until she thought of something to do about this.

"Why are you telling me this?" Layla asked Keisha suspiciously, she just brought up the topic of pregnancy and that scared the living hell out of her.

"Because I suspected that you were pregnant for a split second.." she confessed. 

"Come on let's go meet Nolan, I'll tell him that you're feeling sick.." Keisha informed dragging a nervous Layla away.
Layla could tell that Keisha was a very experienced woman. She realized that she couldn't hide this forever.
Sooner or later, another month would pass by within the blink of an eye and she would be three months pregnant. Then Nolan would be able to smell his pup according to Keisha.

She contemplated on if she should just tell him the truth, but then something within her felt that Nolan wouldn't believe her and would even hate her more than ever.
He considers their first night a mistake, su anything that results from that night will be a mistake as well, according to him.

She needed to do something fast, it was either she told him the truth or she just waited till she was three months gone, then he would find out about the truth himself.

Layla was confused as hell, she needed Aurora, she needed her best friend. She was the best person she could go to for advice.

" Keisha, can a non human know about this?" She asked out of the blue.
She was referring to Aurora, her best friend was human and she wanted to tell her everything.

"No, humans are not supposed to know about us.." she replied and Layla bit her lips in frustration.

"But I know about you and I'm your you know" she muttered. If humans weren't supposed to know about werewolves, then what was she doing here?

"Your case is different Layla.."

"You're the alpha's mate, the moon goddess specially chose him for you, so that's acceptable.." she explained as they walked.

"What is the problem?"

"Yes, actually I have a best friend and I just thought if I could" she drew out.

"I understand your plight Layla, I'd advise you talk to Nolan yourself, he might agree, I can't give you an answer"

"Thanks Keisha, I'll do that.." Layla appreciated it. Keisha has been nothing but nice to get and she deeply appreciates her kindness.

"Where's Nolan?" Keisha asked Carla who was standing in front of a door.

"He's having a meeting with the elders" Carla replied as her countenance fell the moment she saw Layla.
She was definitely a mood spoiler. She always ruined her mood.

She has decided not to show her hatred in front of everyone, especially Nolan. But she would definitely get Layla and throw her out of the pack.

"He's having some rest, he said he needed some quiet time, he is in his study.." she replied.

"What are you doing here?" Krishna asked 

"I was about to leave, you can leave also, he doesn't want to see anyone" Carla snapped.

"Layla is not just anyone, she is his mate.." Keisha stressed out and Carla felt her blood boil.

"And so what?" Carla asked.

"She's just a normal mate, so he shouldn't have some rest because she exists right? He's busy, leave!" She spat distastefully.

"He doesn't want to see anyone.." 

"Not Layla, he should know that she's sick.."

"Who cares, Layla's not a baby, but an adult, you can take care of yourself right?" She asked, turning to Layla who agreed with her.

"Her Keisha, I'm not a baby.." she said. She didn't want to see Nolan.

"Yes you're a baby, you're the alpha's baby, and he'll take care of you when you're sick" Keisha said holding Layla's hand as she made way to knock on the door but was stopped by Carla.

"There's no way I'm letting you disturb the Alpha.." she defended, spreading her hands wide as if she was protecting the door. To stop them from passing.

"It's okay Keisha, we can leave.."

"You heard her, leave! Go to your mate instead and stop poking your nose in others business.." she chimed in.

"Let's just go.." Layla was about to leave with Keisha when the door sprang open.
###chapter 50
Nolan had heard the commotion outside and was forced to come out.
He has requested that no one disturbed him as he needed some time to think and look for ways to set things straight.
But it seemed like that wouldn't be possible.

"What are you all doing here?" He snarled In a menacing tone as Carla stepped away from where she was standing.

"Layla's sick" Keisha blurted out and Carla shot a hard glare at her.

"Sick.." Nolan repeatedly took a look at Layla who was standing timidly behind Keisha.

"Yes, I don't think she's feeling well.." Keisha informed and Nolan's brows furrowed.
He must have gone so hard on her the previous night that she even fell sick.

"What's the big deal about it?" Carla chuckled butting in.

"Layla can take good care of herself and Nolan needs some rest also, come on Layla I'll take you to a guest room.." she offered an attempt to hold Layla's hand but was stopped by Nolan right in time as his deep baritone voice rang in their ears.

"No need, I'll take care of this myself.." he said, holding Layla's wrist. He could feel her temperature and it was kind of high.

"You" Carla stammered in disbelief.

"You can leave.." he snapped and Carla bit her lips in frustration before walking away.

"Take care of her please.." Keisha pleaded leaving as well.

"I see you definitely came into my life to trouble me.." he said after Keisha and Carla were gone.

"I'm not troubling you.." Layla mouthed weakly. Her head was spinning, she needed rest.

"You are, trouble keeps recurring in my life right from the day we met.." he bluntly said and Layla inhaled deeply. This was not the first time he was speaking so harshly to her. He had called her useless before.

"I'm not asking for all of these.." she pointed out. She didn't want to be a Luna, she didn't want to be here. She left New York to come here thinking she would be free, but she found herself in another trouble instead.

"I don't want to be a Luna, I don't want anything to do with you Lycans, please let me go.." she muttered as she struggled to get out of his hold.

"You called for this yourself.." he stated.

"Come here.." then he suddenly dragged her into his study room banging the door behind him.

"What do you want with me?" She asked, feeling his hard glare on her.

"Nothing.."

"I want nothing from you Layla but wish you never came into my life.." he said in a single breath as Layla looked downwards, facing the ground.

"Then let me go.."

"I wish I could.." he said staring at her in disgust.

"They're few things you should know about.." he began taking his seat as Layla stood in front of him.
He had changed so much, this was not the man she met at the bar. He was not the man she felt attracted to and spent a night with.
He was not the man that told her she was not useless for the first time.
Everyone called her useless back then, but he told her she was not!

What happened to Nolan now? What made him change that he hated her so much?
What was her crime, she at least deserved compassion from him.
She even sacrificed to spend a night with him even when he was nothing but good to hear.
Was all of that a mistake?

"You should not expect anything from me, Layla, the fact that we're now mates and that we've mated does not mean we're equals now.." he voiced out and Layla shook her head slowly as she spoke.

"I know.." how could she be equal to him? He was an Alpha, she was just Layla. A nobody.

"You can resume your duties as the pack's Luna but not my Luna.." he instructed in a stern and hard voice.

"We have no special relationships with each other.."

"I don't want to be a pack Luna, just let me go!!" She uttered feeling a lump form on her throat, as she fought hard to fight back her tears that were threatening to fall out.

"Are you daft!!" He yelled, banging his fists on the table as Layla flinched in fear.

"You have to do it Layla.."

"I want to go home.." a tear finally fell from her eyes. She did not want to be here. She wanted to be with Aurora. She needed fresh Air.

"About that.." he began creasing his brows.

"I'm returning back tomorrow and you're coming with me, I want to balance a few things before returning back to the pack.." he informed. Now that he had a Luna, the elders of the pack had requested to come back and resume his duties fully. Not part time.

"Okay sir"

"Stop calling me sir.." he snapped at her.

"What will people say when they hear you, a Luna calling her husband sir.."

"Sorry, Mr Alden, husband!!!" She shrieked In surprise. When did they become husband and wife? She thought it was just Alpha and Luna.

"Yes husband, by the way you will be living with me back in New York" he said and Layla felt her mouth go dry. How would she live with a devil like him? She would not make it out alive.

"But I"

"You don't have a choice Layla.." he chimed in sarcastically and Layla smiled bitterly as she contemplated if he heard when Keisha said she was sick. But yet he was making her stand, setting out baseless rules for her.

"We're going to be living like perfect strangers, nothing else.."

"Okay Mr Adlen.." she said obediently, her head facing the ground.

"That will be all for now, I'll ask the maids to send you a change of clothes and you can also request for your lunch if you want" he informed dismissing her off and Layla quietly walked out of his study room.

Where does she go from here? This was a very huge mansion, she would practically get lost.
She was about to go back into Nolan's office again when she saw Keisha waving at her telling her to come over.

Layla breathed in relief as she went to Keisha at least she won't have to face the devil.
###chapter 51
Layla was sleeping soundly and peacefully when someone walked into the room.
Nolan's eyes squinted on seeing her on his bed, sleeping. What was she doing here?

Striding to where she laid, he tapped her roughly and Layla jerked up from the bed in shock.

"What are you doing here?" His voice thundered in her ears as Layla wore a confused look on her face.
What was Nolan doing here and why was he disturbing her sleep?
What had she done this time that made him angry again?

"Huh..si" she paused as she recollected that he had warned her not to address him as sir again.

"Mr Adlen.." she uttered, rubbing her sleepy eyes. As she wondered what sort of a devil he was.
He didn't care to ask about her health, even when he said he would take responsibility for her, now he was disturbing her sleep.

"Why are you here?" He asked again with a stoic expression on his face.

"Here" Layla repeated in confusion.

"Stop acting dumb and answer me!" He yelled at her.

"Keisha brought me here, she said I would be staying in this room.." Layla replied. 
Keisha told her to stay here, then why was he creating a ruckus out of it.

"Keisha.." he gritted his teeth. She always acted cunning, she must have brought Layla to his room on purpose.

"Ge.." he was about to drive her out when the door sprang open and Keisha walked in with a maid driving a trolley with her.

"Don't you know how to knock!" Nolan snapped at the both of them and the maid instantly flinched in fear but Keisha maintained her composure.

"I'm sorry.." she apologized. Though she could be naughty at times, she knew better not to annoy Nolan. Everyone knew.

"Layla had not eaten since she came, so I brought some food for her, I had no idea you were here, sorry" she apologized sincerely.

"Why did you bring her here?" He questioned her.

"Where was I supposed to bring her?"

"Don't tell me that you're thinking of letting her stay in the guest room, huh?" Keisha gasped in surprise.

"Serve the Luna her meal before it gets cold.." Keisha instructed but the maid didn't move as she waited for Nolan's approval.

"Serve her meal.." he uttered and the maid moved into the room.

"See you later, Layla.." Keisha waved leaving the room with the maid after she was done serving Layla.

"I can leave if you want.." Layla spoke. She had no idea it was his room. She was so tired that she didn't have the strength to ask or look around, she just slumped on the bed and slept off.

"You can stay.." he waved her off.

"It would be weird If we stay in different rooms.." he added, taking a seat in the cushion as Layla shook her head slowly.

The sweet aroma of the food hitting her nostrils made her salivate more. She was starving.
A tray was placed before her on the bed and she contemplated if she should leave his bed and eat elsewhere. She didn't want another round of scolding from him.

"I should.." she made her way to leave but Nolan stopped her.

"Go ahead and eat, the maids will change the sheets once you're done.." he said softly.

Layla looked away from him, fixing her attention on the different variety of dishes served in front of her. She was fucking hungry and did not care if Nolan was in the same room with her.
But she was somewhat thankful that he was calm.

She immediately descended on her food, not caring about any other thing in the world.
One thing Layla didn't joke with was her meals.

Nolan fixed his eyes throughout the whole time that she ate, she kept stuffing food into her mouth.
She was unlike the other ladies who ate slowly.

After Layla was done, she gulped down the glass of juice in front of her and she exhaled sharply.
Now she felt satiated. If she could go back to bed and sleep off.

She was about to stand up from the bed when she heard him speak.

"Where are you going?" He asked.

"Ummreturning the plates.." she spluttered, swallowing nervously.

"You're a Luna Layla, act like one.." he blurted out as Layla wondered what she had done wrong this time.
She only wanted to return the plates. Was there a problem with that?

"Someone will take care of that, a maid will be here any minute" he informed as Layla had no choice but to sit back and wait for the maid.

True to his words about a minute later, a maid came in to clear the plates.

Now only the two of them were left in the room and Layla found it uncomfortable. But then she remembered she wanted to ask him for a favor.

"Is it necessary we live together in New York?" She asked.

"Yes.." came his short reply.

Layla bit her lips in frustration when she heard his reply. She wanted to visit the hospital and she couldn't do that when she was living with him. It could expose her secret.

"I wanted to ask if I can stay with Aurora for two days before I come live with you.." she proposed, picking her nails as she hoped he would accept her request.

"No.." he bluntly refused and Layla felt her heart squeeze. This was going to be a lot harder than sfe thought. She even wanted to ask if she could tell Aurora about Lycans.

"Please Mr Alden, I"

"It's Nolan.." he corrected nonchalantly.

"Please Nol..an" she stammered.

"I have to give a reasonable excuse for leaving and I haven't even packed my things yet, so please.." she begged.

"No need to pack your things, I'm not going to allow you to wear rags under my roof.." he spat deadpanning on the words "rags.

"I'll get you a new set of clothes.." he informed.

"Please sir, I ask for just this favor.." she begged still. She was very pissed that he called her clothed rags. Her clothes were not rags.

"You can go.." he finally accepted and Layla muttered a thanks.
Nolan glanced at her repeatedly as he wondered what exactly she was doing in New York.
They met in Seattle and she had mentioned that her sister cheated on her with her boyfriend.
She talked about maltreatment and betrayal.
Was that the actual reason why she left Seattle to come to New York?
###chapter 52
Nolan's car pulled up in front of Aurora's apartment and Layla found herself breathing in relief. 

"Thanks Nolan.." she thanked him and she stepped out from the car.

"Xander will come pick you up tomorrow morning.." he informed as he drove away.

"Jerk" Layla sneered walking to her apartment as she knocked on the door.

"Who's it?" She heard Aurora's voice from Inside.
How much she's missed her friend.

"It's me.." Layla whimpered with a breaking voice.
She felt like crying right at that moment.

"Fuck you!!" Aurora cursed as she ran to the door to Open it.
Immediately she opened the door, both friends broke into a tight hug.

"Oh my god! Are you crying?" Aurora asked feeling Layla's hot tears on her back.

"I've missed you so much.." Layla cried. It felt so sad that she would be leaving her best friend and she couldn't tell her the reason that she would be leaving.

"Oh my, oh my.." Aurora muttered patting Layla's back. 
Why was she acting so emotional?

"Come on,let's go in.." she led Layla into the house.

"What happened?" She asked as she made Layla sit in the couch.

"Where are your bags?" She's also asked looking around. Layla didn't return with any bag.

"I did not bring them along" Layla muttered, trying to come up with the perfect lie to tell Aurora.

"Why?" Aurora grilled curiously.
Something seemed off about Layla.

"Actually I have a project with my boss, so I'll be very busy.." she began.

"So?"

"How does that affect you not bringing your bags.." Aurora pointed out, seeing no reason why she would not bring her bag because she was having a project.

"I'll be living with him for the time being.." Layla broke the ice as she spoke in whispers.

"I see.." Aurora hummed shaking her head meaningfully.

"Are you being maltreated by your boss?" She suddenly asked and Layla looked up in surprise.

"What!! No, what makes you say that?"

"It seems as if you're having a hard time working, of you are. You can always quit, we can get you another job instead.." Aurora suggested. Layla was her best friend. They were so close that she could tell when something was wrong with her and right now, it was obvious that something was eating Layla up.

"No.. there's no need, it's just the too much work and stuff, you know, I'm not being maltreated.." she quickly said waving Aurora off.

"You're pregnant Layla.." Aurora voiced out slowly.

"I know.."

"You should be resting, not over working yourself"

"Look I can talk to Regan, he can help you. You can stop working for now. There's no need to worry about your expenses, my brother and I have got you covered.."

"Or better still, you can tell your boss about your pregnancy, he cam always conduct a DNA test to confirm that the child is his and then he would stop you from working so hard.." Aurora expressed her thoughts. She saw no point in Layla working hard when the father of her child was stinking rich and she had friends who would support her anytime.

"I don't want that Aurora, I want to save up.." Layla sighed deeply. There was no way she could get away from Nolan now, sooner or later, he would find out about the pregnancy.

"But.."

"Don't worry Aurora, I'm fine, I'll move out tomorrow" she informed as Aurora frowned.

"Look" she began holding Aurora's hand as she shifted closer to her.
"I'll come to visit regularly, I'll always come, hmm.." she assured.

"You promise.." Aurora pouted.

"Yes, I do"

"Alright then, I'll let you go, but remember to call me if anything goes wrong"

"I will.." Layla said and they both hugged each other.

"Can you accompany me to the hospital?" Layla requested breaking out of the hug.

"Now?"

"Yes.."

"You see, I'm moving out tomorrow, I think it would be best if I go for a check up and get some medications if there is need for that.." Layla explained.

"That's great, I'll change into something, give me a sec.." Aurora bolted into herr bedroom to have a change of clothes as Layla rested her back against the couch.
She really hated lying to her best friend but what could she do?.
..
" Layla.." the female doctor called, taking her seat with a piece of paper in her hand.

"Yes ma'am" Layla muttered nervously as she shifted uncomfortably on the chair she was sitting on.

"It's okay.." Aurora reassured holding her hand.

"Here's your report.." The doctor handed over the piece of paper to Layla.

"What does it say?" Layla questioned feeling so nervous. She had been feeling kind of sick so she hoped it wasn't something bad.

"You just need maximum rest, Layla. It looks as if you've been stressing yourself too much which can endanger the life of your child.." the doctor informed Layla who sucked in a sharp breath.
She knew this was bound to happen.

"I will doctor.." Layla stammered.

"Please do.." the doctor smiled warmly at Layla.

"I hope my child is not in any danger?" Layla asked softly.

"For now.." the doctor replied and Layla felt her heart seize.

"Your child will be in danger if you keep on stressing yourself, make sure to take a lot of rest and don't forget your vitamins also. It helps"

"I will doc, thanks.." Layla appreciated it. Her heart feeling heavy. She needed to do something fast.

"Umif I may ask.." the doctor began.

"Can I at least speak with your husband, I mean to lay out a few precautions for him.." the doctor requested as Layla froze.

"Um..I.." she stammered trying to find a way to tell the doctor that she had no husband.

"Her husband is out of town.." Aurora blurted in.

"He's in the military, so he travels a lot.." she chuckled sheepishly.

"Oh I see.." the doctor shook her head.

"Well.." she sighed, writing on a piece of paper.

"You can get these drugs from the pharmacy.." She gave the paper to Layla who collected it from her.

"Thanks doc.." Layla thanked her as she stood up from the chair together with Aurora.

"It's Karen.." she smiled warmly at her.

"Thanks Karen, we will take our leave now.." Layla uttered leaving the office with Layla.
###chapter 53
"Please endeavor to take your medicines and have some rest also, hmm.." Aurora advised as she stepped out of the pharmacy together with Layla.

"I will, thanks for your concern.." Layla flashed a smile at Aurora as they walked to where Aurora's car was parked.

"By the way, I'll be taking driving lessons during the weekend.." Layla informed Aurora happily.

"I see, are you getting a car?"

"Nahh, my boss told me to learn, I think he is going to get me one.." Layla reasoned. It would be so much better to get a car, sometimes public transportations was so tiring.

"Wow, that's great, I can teach you if you want to learn, or better still we can ask Regan.." Aurora suggested.

"No need, I'm not sure yet, I think he's probably going to arrange for someone to teach me.."

"Alright babe, make sure you take good care of yourself.."

"I will" Layla chuckled at her friend's overprotectiveness; she couldn't count how many times Aurora had told her to take care of herself today.

"Good and I'm always here if you need someone to talk to.." Aurora added.

"I will.."

"I know something is eating you up Layla.." Aurora began as they both stopped walking.

"Wha..t?" Layla stammered in surprise.

"I'm your best friend, so I can tell if something is wrong with you. You've definitely changed a lot since you returned from that trip.."

"It's okay if you don't feel like spilling, just know I'm here for you anytime.." Aurora assured.
She would always be there for her. 
The moment Layla arrived and started crying, Aurora knew at once that something was wrong.

"Thanks I wi.."

"And if it isn't the whore herself.." a cold steel voice sounded and they both turned to see scarlet standing there, all dolled up with a smirk on her face.

"Scarl..et?" Layla spluttered as she suddenly went pale. What was Scarlet doing here in New York?

"I knew I would definitely find you in one of these hospitals.." she chuckled, arranging her hair.

"What are you doing here?" Layla asked in surprise.

"What am I doing here?" She scoffed in contempt.

"I'm here for you of course, to shame you!" She fired at her.
Scarlet was so angry when a handsome man stood up for Layla and how she got humiliated instead.
She had swore to make Layla pay, that was why she followed her here.

"I told mom and dad that you're here in New York, look Layla, dad is very disappointed in you, he doesn't even want to see your face!" She glared.
Their father Markos was very disappointed when he learned that Layla ran away from home with an unwanted pregnancy.

"I've come here to start a life and destroy yours.." she threatened, throwing a menacing glare at Layla.

"What have I ever done to you, scarlet? Why are you treating me this way?" Layla questioned sadly. 
Scarlet used to be the perfect big sister anyone would ask for. She was so nice to her, despite Rosalie tauntings but everything just changed in a twinkle of an eye.

"Your existence alone has done something to me"

"Each time we went somewhere, all the men were attracted to you and not me, it's not that you're even pretty, they only look at you.."

"And then Mike, I've loved him for a very long time and when I finally got the chance to get close to him, he only looked at you and the both of you ended up dating. I was in pain!" She drew out angrily.

"Then why don't you go to him, look scarlet, I'm no longer angry, you can have Mike all to yourself.." Layla stated. All she wanted was for scarlet to leave or things could really get messy of she stayed 

"I don't want him anymore Layla, he's history now.." she deadpanned. She no longer had use for Mike, instead she wanted the man she saw with Layla. She couldn't just allow her to have all the good looking men in the world.
Never! Come to think of it, that man was smoking hot.

"Then how does that affect me? I don't want him either, so please leave me alone!" Layla spelled out painstakingly. She wanted to be free from all their troubles.

"How did you even find me?" She sighed, running her hands through her hair.

"Determination.."

"Determination was what took me to find you and I did.." Scarlet said. She had already settled down in New York and she would make sure to find out where Layla stays and works. Then she would find that smoking hot man.

"Why are you so determined in making me miserable, please leave me alone!" Layla begged. She wanted to be free. Free from them all. They Brought nothing but pain to her.

"Because you were born, we were such a happy family, everyone fixed their attention only on me. I was daddy's little girl. Then you just appeared out of nowhere to take all the attention away.." scarlet expressed. The moment Layla stepped into their house everything changed for her.

"Father diverted his attention to you, you stole the spotlight in all the places we visited, all the boys wanted you.."

"Accept it scarlet, Layla is better than you! You were just jealous all along" Aurora chimed in sarcastically.
Even before she moved to New York, she never liked Scarlet.

"Oh no" scarlet shook her head.

"She's not. At least I didn't get pregnant out of wedlock.." she mocked as Layla just stared at her.

"But that doesn't change the fact that you're a cheap woman, you're so cheap that no mam spares a glance at you that you had to resort to stealing people's boyfriends.." Aurora fired at her.

"Shut up!!" Scarlet yelled pointing at Aurora as she fumed in anger.

"This is between Layla and her, don't even dare interfere.." she warned.

"Oh I will.."

"Layla's my best friend and the fact she doesn't know how to speak up for herself and just allow people to bully her does not mean I would do the same, if you ever dare say nonsense about her, I promise to beat you to a pulp.." Aurora threatened.

"And trust me, you wouldn't even be able to steal people's boyfriends with the face you'll get after I'm done with you.."

"Bitch!! Come Layla, let's get out of this infectious place" she said holding Layla's hand as she dragged her away from there.
###chapter 54
"You shouldn't have done that.." Layla voiced out the moment they got into Aurora's car.

"Done what?" Aurora scoffed in disbelief.

"What you did, you're only going to anger scarlet.." Layla Stated. She didn't want someone to come for her. Because scarlet would definitely not sit back.

"And so f*cking what!!!" Aurora's voice thundered in the car.

"Let her get angry for all I care, she can kill herself if she wants, I don't care!!" Aurora emphasized. 
Layla took it so lightly with people. That was why she was always the victim.

She did not know how to stand up for herself. Aurora and Regan always did that for her back in high school. Then there was Rosalie, the evil stepmother.
Who was also out to make Layla's life miserable but never did Layla once complain. She just suffered silently.

"Enough is enough Layla!!"

"You need to stop being like this, you're going to be a mother soon, if you can't stand up for yourself, how are you going to stand up for your child?" Aurora drilled. She didn't understand the fact why Layla couldn't see the need to be strong.

"Aurora, she can expose my secret.." Layla voiced out and that was the last thing she wanted.

"Let her do so.." Aurora shrugged her shoulders.

"What's the worst that can happen? You're not going to hide the pregnancy forever,so?"

"If your boss denies the child, he can go to hell!!"

"You don't need him, he doesn't deserve you. If he does, he will believe you. You're the most decent lady I know.." she pointed out.

"You have my support Layla, I'm here for you. So stop working on how to please people by displeasing yourself. You're no longer a teenager.
You're 21 for f*ck sake and you're going to be a mom.."

"So stop chickening out.." Aurora sighed deeply as she started the car.
Layla had never seen her this angry before. This was literally the first time she was witnessing this.
.


.
"I'll get it.." Aurora dashed to the door to see who was knocking as Layla ate her breakfast.

"Good morn.." her smile instantly fell the moment she saw the person at the door.
The last person she ever imagined she would see.

"What are you doing here?" She asked coldly.

"Hi Aurora.." Xander waved jovially at her.

"Don't wave at me, we're not friends.." she snapped coldly.
What the hell was he doing on her porch?
She had sworn that the next time they met she would murder him.

"You still haven't changed a bit" he shook his head smiling at her.

"I have, not just towards you. I will not ask again. What are you doing in my house.." she questioned in a cold steel voice.

"I came for Layla, not you.."

"What do you want her for?" She snapped.
Then she recollected that Xander worked under Layla's boss, that must be the reason why he should be at her House.

"I came to pick her up, now if you would excuse me.." he made his way inside the house but Aurora quickly blocked his way.

"I see you still have the nerve to walk into my house. Are you sure you came only for Layla?" She raised a brow at him and he chuckled.

"Look Aurora.." he began fixing his brown eyes on her.

"I had no idea you lived here, trust me.."

"How would you, when all you do is go around looking for women to deceive.." she fired.

"You were also a player Aurora" he pointed out, seeing no justification or whatsoever for her anger towards him.

"You toyed with men also. I thought we were just having fun.." he shrugged his shoulders as she shot a hard glare at him.

"You took my innocence.." she gritted her teeth in anger.

"How would I know that it was your first time? Besides who would have thought that the loud Aurora was still a virgin" he emphasized in the word loud.

"Get out!" She suddenly said pointing at the door.

"I didn't come for you.." he smiled warmly.

"I hate you.." 

"I know hun but I can make you change your perspective.." he winked mischievously at her.

"Just" Aurora groaned, raising her hands in the air.

"Aurora" Layla called as she approached them.

"Hi Layla.." he waved at her.

"Hey.." she waved back.

"You came earlier than I expected.." she stated. She didn't expect Nolan to send him to her place so soon. 

"Well I have something to deal with, so I just wanted to wrap this up, you ready?"

"Sure, I am"

"Bye babe.." she hugged Aurora.

"I'll miss you so much.." Aurora pouted. It would be so boring without Layla.

"Me too, but I promise to come visit.."

"Alright.." Aurora inhaled sharply, releasing herself from the hug.

"I'll get going now.."

"Wait.." Aurora stopped her from moving as she held her hand.

"What?"

"I have something for you" she Informed dashing inside the house. Few minutes later she returned with a laptop.

"Wait my laptop.." Layla chuckled on seeing her laptop.

"Hmm hmm, here have it.." Aurora handed over the laptop to Layla.

"Why are you giving me this?" She catechized.
The last time she opened this laptop to write was in Seattle and that was about a month ago.

"So you can continue from where you stopped.."

"Don't tell me you've given up on your dreams on becoming a bestseller.."

"No, I just wanted to stop for now.."

"You don't take a break when it comes to achieving your dreams Layla.." Aurora advised.

"But I.."

"No buts Layla.." Aurora interrupted.

"You should keep on doing something you love the most, one day you'll get there.." she assuredly patted her cheeks.

"I'm in support too and I would love to read your book" Xander chimed in.

"Shut up!!" Aurora glared daggers at him.

"Take it easy.." Layla laughed wondering why Aurora hated him this much.

"I hate him.." Aurora whispered to Layla who laughed.

"He's a nice guy Aurora.." 

"I don't care.."

"Alright bye.." Layla waved again before heading towards Xander's car.
###chapter 55
"Thanks for the ride Xander.." Layla thanked Xander as he pulled up in front of Nolan's place.

"Anytime.." he smiled at her.

"Do take care, hmmm. See you some other time.." he waved as Layla stepped out of the car.

"You too bye.." she watched as he drove away. She inhaled sharply walking towards Nolan's apartment.
She wondered why he decided to live in a penthouse when he was filthy rich.

She stopped at the door hesitating if she should go in. Her last visit here was not so pleasant as she had not forgotten about Maddox, how she passed out and how Nolan lashed out on her.

Maddox was one scary dog that she couldn't help but to be scared of.
Taking in deep breaths, she brought out the key which Xander had given her earlier. 

Opening the door slowly, she placed one of her legs into the house cautiously, in fear that Maddox might sprang up on her.
She was about to take another step when she heard a loud bark.

"Oh god!!" She yelled, slamming the door.

"There's no way I'm going in there.." she gasped leaning on the door as she took in heavy breaths.
She could still hear Maddox barking loudly as he had perceived her as an intruder. 
Now she was certain that he was not going to move an inch from the door.

"Oh god what do I do? She asked no one in particular falling helplessly to the ground as she sat down.
She had no other option than to wait for the owner of Maddox to come back.

She couldn't help but wonder if he loved torturing her. He knew fully well that she was scared of Maddox but still sent her to his place alone.

"Fuck!" She cursed in frustration.
Was this how she was going to wait till Nolan came back? Only God knew when he would get back home.
She was seated at his porch like a homeless person. 

"I should just leave and come back later" she suggested to herself. She can go back home and come back in the evening, since it was still morning.

"No, no, that won't work. I don't have a car.." she bit her lips hard. Nolan's street was like a secluded place. There was hardly any taxi and it was exceptionally quiet. It would take ages before she found a taxi.

"Damn you Nolan.." she cursed resting against the door as she brought out her laptop.

"Geez, it's been so long!" She exclaimed, sucking her teeth. She input her password as she checked a few things in her laptop.

Her novels and poems. She had lived writing since she was a child and had actually written a lot of books though they were yet to be published all because of one person. Rosalie.
She never supported her dream of becoming a writer, not even once.

Going through her books, Layla's heart ached. This was definitely not the way she wanted her life to work out. She never wanted to become a single mother not to talk of being mated to a werewolf.
All she could say was that everything happened for a reason. She should just be patient and see how her life would turn out.
..

..
Layla's brows furrowed as she clasped her eyes tighter, because of the sun that was directly hitting her face.
She yawned, taking a more comfortable position as she looked away from the direction of the sun.

"Huh?" She mumbled feeling a towering height above her, blocking the rays of the sun.

"What?" She muttered, feeling a hard gaze on her. Someone was there. She yelled and she sprang up from the ground as if a bee stung her.

"Nol..an?" She spluttered seeing him stand in front of her with a stern look on his face.
He was wearing a suit and she guessed he was just returning from the office.

"What are you doing here?" He asked in a single breath. He decided to come home early today only to see someone sleeping on his pouch. He was shocked at first and was even more shocked when he saw Layla there.

"II" she stammered picking up her laptop from the ground.

"I"

"Can't you speak!" He snapped in a low and domineering tone.

"I"

"Why are you sleeping outside Layla?" He asked again.

"II came here and Iwalkedinto the house..but"

"But what?" He drilled calmly which bewildered Layla. 

"Maddox hehe" Layla stammered picking her nails.

"Maddox.." Nolan chuckled dryly. He knew it already. It was because of Maddox.
She basically stayed outside because of a harmless dog.

"I've told you before, Maddox is harmless.." he drew out word by word.

"But he barked.." she muttered.

"Because you're very silly.." he chimed in.

"He must have barked because he sensed how stupid you are!" He yelled at her.

"I'm sure you went in like a thief" he guessed. She must have probably tried to sneak in.
That must be why Maddox barked at her.

"I"

"Just shut up, I don't want to hear anything from you! " He fired at her reaching out for the door knob.

Immediately he opened the door, Maddox came rushing out, ready to pounce on the intruder but calmed down on seeing Nolan.

"Hey buddy" A smile ghosted Nolan's face as he squatted before Maddox rubbing its fur.

"Come on.." he stood up, and he walked into his house, Maddox following behind him as he wagged its tail.

Layla stood at the entrance of the door in fear watching as Nolan played with Maddox who didn't even spare her a glance.

"What are you still doing outside?" He questioned fixing his attention on her.

"Do you plan on staying outside?"

"If you do, I don't mind leaving you there.." he smirked, giving her a knowing look.

"I'm coming. in" Layla stuttered as she forced herself to move. Reassuring herself silently that Maddox was harmless.

She finally got into the house and she locked the door behind her.

"Did he bite?" Nolan catechized with a sneer.

"You have to learn how to live with Maddox Layla" he drew out and all Layla could do was nod her head.

"Good"

"Now you're here, there'll be certain rules that you'll need to follow.." he began as Layla looked up at him puzzled.
What freaking rules did he want her to follow again!?
###chapter 56
Layla sat opposite Nolan as she waited for him to state out the rules he had for her.
She kept her gaze on the ground as she felt very uneasy around him.

"Hmm" he cleared his throat, gaining Layla's attention and she looked up.

"I know none of us want to be in this situation where we have found ourselves but since it has already happened, we just have to adapt to it.." he began in a deep monotone.

"You already know what is going on and the responsibility you have to bear now.." he added and Layla shook her head before raising her hand timidly in the air, as she wanted to ask a question.

"Go on.." he motioned for her to speak.

"Is there nothing we can do about this?" She questioned. She really wanted to go very far away from him but that would not be possible if she beared his so called mark.
The mark was still visible on her neck and she saw it whenever she was having her bath.
Also she had a hard time trying to hide the mark so she usually applied make-up as her short hair couldn't do any justice in hiding it.

"I mean to sever the mate bond there must be something we can do right?" She grilled gulping down loudly as he fixed his ivy blue eyes on her.

"No" came his concise reply.

"There's nothing we can do, unless you want to lose your life, of course.." he smirked as Layla stiffened. When did lives become involved with this? She thought in alarm.

"Accept your fate Layla.." he uttered, taking in a deep breath. 
He had long accepted his fate. It had already happened and there was nothing more he could do about this.
She will be the pack Luna but not his Luna. Because although he had accepted this as his date, he will never accept Layla.

"II" Layla began but paused as her mouth suddenly went dry.
She had nothing to say.

"Back to the rules" he braced himself up, Layla doing same.

"Rule number one" Layla fidgeted as he paused looking directly at her.
The way he looked at her made her feel uncomfortable, she didn't like it one bit. It felt as if he was up to no good.

"You're expected to be at this house, maximum 7pm.." he stated and Layla froze in horror.

Was he seriously kidding her!! He was setting a damn curfew for her.

"I don't get you, Imean 7pm!!!" She shrieked in surprise. She was an adult not his pawn or whatsoever. What if she had something important to do? 

7pm!! Layla scoffed.

"Don't try me Layla.." he warned in a cold steel voice.

"If you perchance go somewhere you should be back before 7pm.."

"Try me and come to this house past your curfew time.." he uttered softly, looking calm.
But Layla knew that nothing good was going on in that head of his.
He would definitely do something terrible to her if she broke any other of his rules or if she even dated to argue with him.

"Okay Mr Adlen.." she mumbled softly.

"Moving on" his lips curved up as he continued 
"Rule number two!!" 

"Stay away from me!!" There was another hinge of warning in his voice as he spoke.

"We should live like total strangers in this house, you get it?" He asked and Layla nodded. She has no plans in going near him either. The second rule was perfect.

"You'll get everything you want, money, clothes, everything" he deadpanned, bringing out a card out from his pocket and he dropped it on the table.

"This card has no limit.." he informed. 
"You can get whatever you want.."

"No thank you, I don't need it" Layla politely refused. She did not need his money. She was content the way she was.

"Trust me you'll need it.." he said leaving the card on the table as he had to intentions of taking it back.

"Rule number three.." Layla held her breath in anticipation for the next rule. Her heart jumped each time she heard him say the word rule.

"No one at the office should know we live together.." 

"Noted.." she forced out a smile at him.
But then, she became intrigued to ask a question.

"Excuse me.." she began in a low voice.

"Go on.." 

"If you desperately want us to live as strangers, don't you think it would be better if we lived separately? I can leave if you want.." she suggested, eager to leave his place.

"No you can't.."

"Like I said, I'm only here to wrap things up before returning to the pack and you'll be coming with me.." there were a few things he wanted to avoid.

"But I see no"

"Rule number four.." he says out loud interrupting Layla from saying anything further.

"Dare breaking my rules and you would get the worst punishments ever.." he deadpanned picking up his phone from the couch lazily.

"You'll begin your driving lessons during the weekends"

"Okay sir"

"That will be all for now.." he uttered with a passive look on his face as he stood up from the chair walking towards his room.
Maddox followed behind him obediently.

Layla let out a deep breath as she slumped against the chair the moment he was gone. 
His presence was definitely intimidating. So intimidating that she felt as if she would pass out any minute.

He didn't even show her to her room. 
She guessed that was her job. She stood up from the chair dragging her feet to one of the rooms.
She walked inside, locking the door behind her.

She looked around the huge room which was furnished to a woman's taste.
It seems her guess was right. This was her room.
On the dressing table were women's cosmetics. Expensive ones.
She found her way to the closet as she gasped at the sight before her.
It was starkly full of clothes, shoes, slides, bags, and jewelry which were obviously meant for her.
Did Nolan really have to go this far, because none of this was necessary.
Giving her a black card, changing her wardrobe. She wanted none of it. What she wanted was to go as far away from him as possible.
###chapter 57
"Yes, Aurora. Bye. Take care" Layla said, stepping out of the taxi which stopped in front ih Nolan's office.

She disconnected the car before walking in. Nolan had specifically said that the people that the company should not know that they lived together or whatsoever.
So she had to come to work all by herself every morning. That was very stressful for her as she had to walk a few miles away from Nolan's place before she could find a taxi.

"Good morning Bertha.." She walked past Bertha waving to her.

"Hello Layla" Bertha waved back with a smile.

"Layla.." Bertha called softly before Layla could walk away.

"Yes.." Layla responded as she stopped in her tracks.

"Can I ask you a question?" Bertha asked in almost a whisper beckoning for Layla to come closer.

"Do you need anything?" Layla queried, stepping closer to Bertha.

"Well" Bertha began as she chuckled sheepishly.

"How was your trip with the president?" She asked, tucking her hair behind her ear.

"What trip?" Layla creased her brows in confusion.

"The business trip you had with the president of course, why act as if you don't know about that?" Bertha frowned.

"Oh that.." Layla mumbled, recollecting that she actually went on a business trip with Nolan. A business trip that utterly turned into something else.

"I'm so sorry, it's just that I put in a lot on my mind" she apologized as she asked. "What about the trip?"

"Well, there's actually a rumor going round.." Bertha whispered motioning for Layla to move closer.

"What rumor?"

"That you have something with the president" she whispered to Layla's ears.

"What!!" Layla examined shifting away from Bertha.

"Wbu told you that?"

"No one, the rumor is flying around.." Bertha shrugged her shoulders.

"Please why would you say that?" Layla fanned her face nervously. 
She had no idea how something would come up with this ridiculous rumor, but whoever did that had to look for a way to stop this.
Or Nolan will definitely put the blame on her if anything happens.

"Well the theory is that. You're the first secretary who is working this long with the president. You've actually spent your first month here. Layla that's a lot!" Bertha shook her head. Though the president was good looking and everyone wanted him. Bertha made sure she was never transferred to his section.
As much as she admired him, she loved her job.

"And the business trip, you guys spent a very long"

"Look Bertha.." Layla interrupted.

"It's all a lie. None of this is true. Trust me.."

"I'm only working here because I've not been able to find another job and I get a really good pay and I've got tolerance too"

"So whatever rumor that is going on is a lie. Hmmm"

"Please spread this news also.." she patted Bertha.
She needed to leave as she would be late for work If she spent a longer time with Bertha.

"Layla.." Bertha called again and Layla noticed that she was staring at her blouse.

"Do you need anything?" Layla asked.

"Not really"

"It's just that..where did you get this blouse from. I mean where did you buy it from.." she chuckled sheepishly at her question.

"Why are you asking?" Layla creased her brows as she took a look at the white blouse with black palazzo pants she was wearing to see if anything was wrong with it.

"Your blouse, it's a limited edition. And your purse. That's a f*cking hermés Birkin 25!!" She exclaimed and Layla took another look at her purse.
Nolan got her everything she was putting on since he insisted she didn't bring ' rags ' to his place.

"And your wristwatch. It's..oh my gosh! Your heels!!" Bertha gasped holding Layla's up as she took a look at her wristwatch.

"Your bracelet is..don't tell me you got this with the money from your salary.." she pointed at Layla accusingly.

"This purse alone is worth your five months salary and "

"It's a gift.."Layla chimed in. 

"A gift?"

"Yes.."

"But from who? I didn't know you had rich friends.."

"I have to go Bertha, I can't afford to get scolded by the president.." Layla muttered walking away quickly.

.

"Fuck!!" Layla examined looking at the files stockpiled for her to work on.

"It would take years to get these done.." she grumbled taking her seat.
That kind of work meant there was going to be no rest for her today nor would she go for lunch.

She was still lamenting when she heard the sound of heels clicking.

"Hi Layla.." she looked up to see Carla waving at her.

"Me.." Layla unconsciously pointed at herself.
Was Carla just waving at her? It felt like a dream. The one that would never come true.

"Yes you.." she confirmed with a bright face.

"Is Nolan inside?" She asked as Layla shook her head affirmatively.

"See you around.." she voiced out before going into Nolan's office leaving Layla in a daze.
..
"Hi Nolan.." Carla greeted the moment she got into Nolan's office.
She couldn't help but admire him.

"Carla.." he called a little surprised.

"What are you doing here?" He asked, dropping his pen on the desk.

"Well I'll be in New York for the next few days.." she informed.
She came to New York for Layla. She had learnt that Nolan was finally coming to the pack to resume his duties fully as an Alpha and that he would be bringing Layla along.
She didn't want any of that to happen.

"Suit yourself.." he stated returning his attention to his computer.

"Is that all you're going to say to me?" She frowned.

"What else do you want me to say Carla?" He drew out, his attention still on his laptop.

"As you can see, I was busy before you came in. So please excuse me, I'll talk to you later.." 

"You can speak with Xander, he'll arrange an apartment for you and if you need cash. He'll get you that also.." Nolan informed dismissing her.

"Okay thanks.." she muttered, turning to leave.

"Bye Layla.." Carla gesticulated.

"Bye.." Layla uttered, unsure if it was Carla standing in front of her.

"I'll be in town for a few days and would love it if you take me on a tour, hmm. What do you say?" Carla grilled playfully as Layla looked at her with squinted eyes.

"I'm new here, I don't know my way around. You can ask someone else.." Layla politely refused.

"That's great then!!"

"We can go on the tour together. What do you say? Please say yes.." she pleaded.

"I'm not sure Nolan would agree.." 

"I'll talk to him for you, hmm. Once he agrees you can't say no.." she stated and Layla shook her head slowly.

"Alright I'll see you soon.." Carla began to walk away from the office as her smile fell the moment she stepped out.

"Seriously?" Layla pursed her lips.
Carla's sudden kindness confused her. What had gotten into Carla all of a sudden?
###chapter 58
Layla laid on her bed as she stared quietly at the ceiling. Nolan's place was like a hellhole for her.
She was not free to do whatever she wanted. The only time she left the house was when she was going out to work as she was scared to go elsewhere in fear that she might not meet the curfew time he had set for her.

So she thought it would be best if she just stayed at home whenever she was free.
Her driving lessons took place right in Nolan's compound, as he arranged for someone to teach her how to drive. She started the day before and just finished taking driving lessons. So far she's good, things were going well in that perspective.

As for work it seemed as if she had become the talk of the office because of her expensive dressing. Something she couldn't help.
If she refuses to wear the clothes Nolan had bought for her then she would be moving around naked. So she had no choice but to wear whatever he bought for her and there were super expensive clothes.

She tossed around the bed yawning loudly.
"F*ck.." she mumbled. It was so boring without Aurora around. She was the only one left in this house as her only company was Maddox. Who over the week she has been trying to overcome her fear for.
He was harmless like Nolan said and hardly spared her a glance. All she did was watch whenever Nolan was feeding him.

She was still staring at the ceiling when her phone vibrated on the bed, she quickly got up to see who the caller was.

"Regan.." she mumbled picking up the call.

"Hi Regan" she smiled.

"Hey shortie" he gesticulated at the other side of the call.

"How are you doing?" Layla asked.

"I'm good. I went to your place yesterday. Aurora told me you moved.." he informed as Layla mouthed an OH.

"Yes I did.." she confirmed.

"How are you faring over there?"

"I'm good.."

"Let's meet Layla.." he requested.

"Meet, now?" Layla exclaimed, her eyes wide open like saucers.

"Yes now. Don't tell me you're busy because today is Sunday and I know you're free. So let's meet.." he requested as Layla gulped loudly thinking hard on what to tell him.

"I don't think I can make it" she drew out, picking her words carefully.

"Come on Layla, don't turn me down.." he really wanted to see her.
Both of them had lived away from each other for years because he had to relocate with his family to New York.
Now that she was in New York it's only normal that they spent some more time together.

"I don't know.."

"Come on Layla, I promised to show you around New York. How would that be possible if you turned me down, so please.." 

"Alright I'll come" Layla finally accepted as she checked what the time was and saw that it was just 1pm.
' It's not bad if I go out, ' she reasoned as she pursed her lips. Nolan never told her that she can't go out. He only set out a curfew for her. So when she leaves she had to be back before 7pm.

"I'll meet you at the cafe opposite pole street" he says and with that he disconnected the call.

Layla jumped out of the bed as she ran to her closet to change into something better. She picked out a top with pants before dashing to the bathroom to have a quick shower.


"Wow Regan, this is really nice!" Layla confessed taking the ice cream cone in her mouth again.
She really had a great time today thanks to Regan's company. He took her out to see the movies and also showed her some parts of New York.

"I know right, I told you the ice cream here is the best.." he smiled and Layla shook her head in support.

"Do you want another?" He asked but she waved him off.

"I still have a lot of things to try so I don't want to get full.." she said, taking the last piece of the ice cream in her mouth.
She checked what the time was and saw that it was just 3:30pm. She had planned to leave by 6pm.

"Alright come on, let us try the claw machine, I'll get you a stuffed animal" he announced as held her hand leading her to where the claw machine was.

"Can you do this?" She grinned as he reached out forward the controller after dropping a coin.

"I'm a pro.." he boasted as his lips curved up.

"Let's see what you've got, pro.." Layla micmicked, slapping his shoulders lightly as they both laughed.

"I've got it, I've got one!!" He announced happily as he finally trapped a stuffed animal.

"Gently, gently.." Layla whispered gingerly to his ears as he focused his attention on the trapped stuffed animal.

"Gently.." she whispered again.

"Stop it, it tickles.." she laughed.

"What?" Layla raised a brow at him as she playfully blew a hair in his ear which got him distracted and he accidentally released the stuffed animal.

"Oh no Layla, look what you've done.." he groaned, running his hands through his hair.

"What have I done?" She laughed wholeheartedly.

"You cheated!!" He accused.

"No I did not!!" She defended herself, still laughing loudly and Regan just kept looking at her.

"Wow Layla.." he shook his head as he smiled.

"What?" She asked.

"This is the first time I'm seeing you smile genuinely since you came to New York.." he voiced out.
Layla was always moody and hardly smiled.
She had such a bright and radiant smile that made her look much more pretty.

"You should laugh more often.." he advised diverting his attention to the claw machine.

"Let's get you a toy shortie.." he teased, reaching out for the controller.

"What? Did I ruin the mood?" He raised a brow on seeing that she was no longer smiling.

"No.." Layla shook her head refuting his claim.

"Come on, tell me the truth?" He pestered nudging her shoulders.

"No you didn't, but you will if you don't get me a stuffed animal.." she pouted, crossing her shoulders.

"All right then, stuffed animal it is.." Regan clapped his hands together and he tried reaching for a stuffed animal.
..
"Oh my God, you got it!!" Layla exclaimed, jumping happily as she hugged Regan who was holding a dog toy.

"Yes we did it.." they both clapped their hands happily.

"And this is for you.." he handed over the toy to get in curtsey.

"Thanks.." she appreciated admiring her new found friend.

"I like it a lot.."

"I know you do.." he patted her head playfully.

"Come let's get something else.." he held a happy Layla's hand as he led her to another section.
Layla followed him gingerly. This was actually the first time she was having such great fun here in New York.
###chapter 59
"Thanks for today Regan.." Layla appreciated as they walked towards Regan's car. "You've really made my day" she added.

"Anytime shortie.." he grinned.

"I have to get going now" she announced as it was already 6pm.

"Yeah it's getting late. Come on I'll drop you off.." he offered, but Layla quickly waved him off.
There was no way she would allow Regan drop her off especially in front of Nolan's apartment.

Nolan was equivalent to a mad man and would give her an earful if he saw them together. He had literally done that before.

"No thanks, I'll take it from here.."

"I insist. Besides I should know where yiy live now" he reasoned but Layla shook her head.

"It's okay Regan. I'm fine.." she said in an assuring tone.

"I have to go now. Take care.." she waved walking away quickly with her stuffed animal in her hand.
..
"Oh shit!" Layla cursed gritting her teeth. She was always unfortunate even time it came to her getting a taxi. She's been standing here for thirty minutes now but yet no was in sight.

She took another look at the time as she groaned loudly. Nolan will definitely skin her alive today.
The passt few days had been very quiet for her as they both minded their businesses. But now she was breaking his rule.

"God please, let a taxi pass by" she prayed repeatedly silently. Thankfully for her about five minutes later, a taxi came passing by.

"Taxi??" Layla jumped as she swinged her hands in the air gesticulating for the taxi to stop.

"Crescent street.." she informed hurriedly getting into the taxi.

..

Layla kept taking in deep breaths as she placed her hand on the door knob contemplating of she should go in.

"Just go in Layla, it's just five minutes past seven.." she tried consoling herself though she was very scared. She was only five minutes late, he wouldn't make a fuss out of that right?

Gathering every ounce of courage she could get, she turned the door knob and slowly walked in.
The lights were on and she could see a shadow from the sitting room. In Fact two shadows.

Deciding to ignore, she began to head straight from her room, tip toeing when a deep dry voice suddenly rang in her ears.

"Where do you think you're going?" 

"Jesus Christ!!" Layla jolted back in fear as she slowly turned to see Nolan sitting on the couch in the sitting room with a glass of wine between his fingers. Maddox sleeping beside the chair he was seated on.
He was dressed in all black as usual, making him look like a grim reaper.

"Come here.." he beckoned for her to come closer as she shakily dragged her feet to where he was.

"You're late.." he spelled out slowing dropping the cup on a table near him as it made a light sound.

"I couldn't find a taxi on time.." she responded softly biting her lips hard as his eyes raked her from head to toe, then it finally settled on the stuffed animal she was holding.

"Where were you?" He asked again.

"I went to see a friend.." she replied, wondering why he was carrying out a question and answer session with her. She could not understand him at her. She was adult and had the right to leave whenever she wanted.

"What friend?" He grilled in a low but dangerous voice.

"I don't think that's your problem" Layla voiced out picking her words carefully. She didn't want to sound rude but she just had to ask. It was not not his problem.

"What did you say?" Surprise flickered in his narrowed eyes as he tried to comprehend what she just said.
Before he could grasp the situation, she emphasized more on her words.
"It's not your business Nolan, whoever I decide to meet or not.."

"You just broke a rule.." he smirked as he stood up majestically before walking to slowly to where Layla stood.

"I'm sorry.." Layla apologized, intimidated by his dominating presence.

"I thought you were being bold just a while ago?" His lips curved up and Layla swallowed deep.

"Just let me go, I'm only five minutes late.." she pleaded.

"You broke a rule Layla, 7pm is 7pm.." he deadpanned as their eyes met and he said again. "And you're not allowed to keep friends, Layla" 

"I don't understand you.." Layla mumbled.

"You don't owe me Nolan Adlen.." she painstakingly says through gritted teeth.

"I'm not your toy whom you can just lay out rules for.." she said trying to keep her cool.

"You just keep acting as if you have the upper hand here. You don't! And I can leave whenever I want. So stop ordering me around.." she uttered breathlessly taking a step backward from him.
She had no idea what had made her to say that but there was one thing she was certain of, she actually felt a little better after telling him how she felt.

"Really?" He raised a brow at her. He strangely looked calm which worries Layla a lot.

"Yes.."

"You keep acting as if I'm indebted to you. You treat me like trash. I literally don't have a say of my own. Now you're picking my friends.." she scoffed in disbelief. 

"I owe you Layla.." he emphasized in a deep and boisterous tone as he took a step closer to her, Layla taking backward at the same time 

"I owe every part of you. Everything.." he deadpanned on the word everything and Layla's back finally hit the cold wall.

"I owe all of you Layla.." he leaned closer to her ear whispering in a rugged voice that Layla's stuffed animal and purse unconsciously fell from her hands.

"Then treat me right.." she retorted speaking in a low voice.

"I can treat you however I like, Layla.." he picked a strand of her hair coiling it around his finger.

"Whenever I want to and whatever I want to do, Layla.." he stated, the sound of Layla from his lips sending electrifying chills down her spine.

"And for breaking my rules, you'll get punished.." he concluded and before Layla could register what he was saying, he had already lifted her off the ground.
###chapter 60
Layla's mind was in a hassle as Nolan lifted her off the ground.
"Let me go.." she yelled throwing a tantrum as she struggled with him.

"Leave me alone!!" She screamed in a very loud voice, het voice was so loud that Maddox sprang up from the ground alerted.

"Keep quiet or you will only worsen your punishment.." he warned in a calm demeanor not dropping her on the ground.

"Please let me go!!" Layla struggled as she punched his shoulders repeatedly but he didn't bulge, not even once.
What had she done to him to warrant this kind of treatment? She was just five minutes late for christ sake.

He continued walking as he stopped in front of his room.

"What are you doing!?" Layla asked in alert. Why was he taking her to his room? She asked herself.

"Please, I will do whatever you want, just let me go" she tried bargaining with him but it seemed as if he wasn't in for that.
Not even once did he pay attention to her.

He got into his room and dropped her on the ground.
"What do you want with me?" She arranged her clothes looking at him in horror.

"Nothing. You disgust me!!" He fired at her with a passive look on his face.

"Then throw this disgusting woman out of your life.." she pleaded, joining her hands together.

"I'll leave now" she attempted to walk away but she was dragged back by him, his grip strong on her elbow.

"Alright I'm sorry. Please I won't ever go out with friends. I won't even leave this place. So please forgive me." She begged in fear of whatever he was planning to do to her in his room.

"No one argues with me Layla.." he stated and before Layla could say anything else. He had ripped her clothes off her body.

"What..th..e" Layla exclaimed sheepishly wondering if he had a knack for ripping clothes off a person's body. 
And how strong was he exactly? She didn't even know when he moved his hands.

"Please let me go" she begged helplessly, tears threatening to fall from her face.
She was not ready for whatever he was planning to do. Was sex the punishment he decided for her?

"Please I'm not ready for this?" She pleaded with him not minding the fact that she was naked. Her only concern was to get out of his presence.

"Ready for what?" His eyes narrowed as he scoffed.

"I'm not having sex with you Layla.." he smiled wickedly as Layla looked up at him. If he was not having sex, then why did he undress her?

"You're not.." she stammered.

"No.." he shook his head and Layla breathed out in relief. Then what did he want?

"At least not now.." he added softly and Layla's heart stopped. Was he planning on having sex with her some other time?

"Then you've forgiven me right?" She asked with teary eyes. Now she was feeling really scared of what he was planning to do to her in his room. If not sex then what?

"I'll get going now.." she quickly bent down to pick out her clothes but was stopped midway by Nolan who was surprisingly trying so hard to keep his cool before her. Those rounded breasts of hers kept popping up on his head.

"Not so fast.." he held her hand and Layla stood up slowly.
He didn't fail to notice the way her breasts danced from side to side as she stood up straight, his pupils dilating.

 "I can go right?" She chuckled sheepishly trying to get out of his hold.

"Do you think I'm joking?" He narrowed his eyes as he spoke in a monotonous tone.

"I" before she could say anything else again. He had already lifted her off the ground and he placed a struggling Layla on his shoulders going straight to his bathroom.

"Nolan please.." Layla begged profusely but all her pleas fell on deaf ears as he slammed the door after he got in.

He placed Layla inside the bath tub as he made her sit there, she was about to stand up when he spoke. " Don't move or you'll get something worse.." he threatened and that seemed to have worked the trick as Layla sat still in fear.

She was sitting still not until when he turned the faucet on. 
"Don't move.." he warned.

"But this water is cold.." Layla winced the coldness of the water hitting her skin. The water was so cold that she was sure she'd definitely fall sick after all of this.
He filled up the bathtub with water as it stopped up to her chest line covering the rest of her body.

"If you move from that spot, I promise to do something a lot worse to you, that you might not live to testify.." he threatened and with that he left the bathroom locking the door behind him.

Layla could do nothing but cry silently, she was powerless in this kind of situation, Nolan was stronger and more dominant. Even if she tried to leave, he would do something worse to her.
She sobbed as cold chills went round her body.

The night was cold and he had deliberately left her in cold water all in the name of punishment.
She only broke one rule and this was what he was doing to her even in her Pregnant state.

Layla's cries increased as she thought of her pregnancy. The doctor told her to get some rest but she was getting the opposite instead.

Layla remained in the water for a very long time as she cried helplessly. Not knowing what to do as she just suffered from the cold.
She didn't know how long she spent there, but by the time he let her out, it was already dark. 

"Get out!!" He ordered in a cold steel voice as he opened the door wide. His face held no emotions.

Layla slowly and weakly sat up from the bathroom. She was down with cold as she shivered and if care was not taken, she could actually slip and die.
Nolan didn't even bulge or move to help her seeing her helpless state but instead waited patiently as she got out of the bathtub.

"If you ever try to break any of my rules, you'll get a much worse punishment.." Layla didn't bother to stop and listen to what he was saying as she dragged herself out of his room weakly cursing silently at him as she cried.
###chapter 61
Layla walked slowly to her room as helpless tears flowed down her cheeks.
What Nolan had done was just the height of it all. He purposely left her in cold water for more than thirty minutes and when he finally let her out. He didn't show any remorse for it. But instead treated her like a nobody.

She got into her room and closed the door behind her. Dragging her feet to her bed, she slumped on the bed.

"Why?.." A sob slipped her lips as she clenched her fist on the bed sheets.
She was soaking wet and was cold. It felt as if her whole strength had left her. She felt disgusted.
Not only did he toss her out like trash, he sent her out completely naked not caring about her feelings or whatsoever.

Her phone which was lying a few meters away from her chimed and she weakly reached out for it to check it out.
Written on the screen was a text from Regan asking her if she reached home safely.

' Hey shortie, did you reach home safely? ' the text read.

Layla sniffled, wiping a tear off from her eyes as she typed back at him.

' yeah I did. What about you? '

Same here. It was really fun to have you around today ( grinning emoji) '

' me too ' Layla typed back. He actually made her very happy today only for Nolan to end up ruining it for her because of a very pointless reason.

' Do you want to call?' he asked and Layla quickly declined.

'can't talk now. I'll call tomorrow.' she informed. Right now her voice was hoarse and broken. Regan would know at once that something was wrong with her.

' if you say so. Good night.. 'he wished.

' You too' Layla dropped the phone on her bed as he buried her head on her pillow.
Now she wouldn't even think of freshening up, as Nolan has done her that favor.

Dragging herself out of the bed she walked over to her closet to grab some clothes which she slowly wore.

Her teeth shattered as she was getting down with a cold.
Why was she this unfortunate, even in her pregnant state, she was being made to suffer. Even when the doctor told her to worry about the health of her child.
After putting on the clothes, she went to her bedside and took out some pills from the drawer which she swallowed before sitting on the bed.

Placing her hand on her flat tummy, she caressed it softly.

"Hey there.." she muttered in a very low voice as she rubbed her tummy.

"How are you doing down there? " She asked, looking down at her stomach.

"I guess you're doing great!" She chuckled dryly.

"Well I'm not doing great today, not in any way.." a sob came out from her lips as tears flowed down her cheeks.

"Your Mommy is not doing great and feels life is being taken away from her" she cried softly.
"I feel suffocated.."

"But I promise to be strong for no one but you and you have to be strong for me also, hmm.." she smiled. This baby was truly the only hope she had left. 
Not Nolan who claimed to be her mate but treated her like trash and she did not want to burden Aurora with her problem.

"I love you.." she stammered in tears as she fell weakly on the ground.
Feeling cold chills round her body.

She needed something to warm herself up or she might catch a cold, then she would be down with a fever.
And the last thing she wanted was to fall sick and then Nolan would have to take her to the hospital, that's if he cared.
If he eventually did that, there would be a chance of him finding out about her pregnancy, so falling sick was a big no for her.

Getting up from the bed, she headed to the kitchen to make herself hot tea and soup.
Ignoring Maddox who was allegedly playing with her stuffed animal as she had to time for the dog or his owner.

She made the hot tea first which she slowly drank. After feeling a little more relieved, she proceeded to make the hot soup.
A recipe she made herself.

She was patiently waiting for her soup to get done when she heard footsteps. Knowing who it might probably be, she simply ignored him and acted as if no one was there.

"What are you doing here?" She heard him ash but pretended as if she didn't hear a thing.

She looked forward, staring into outer space when Nolan suddenly grabbed her jaw, tilting her head to look him in the eye.

"I'm talking you you!!" He heard and Layla flinched in fear.

"I'm making soup.." she stammered in fear of getting another punishment of his.
She was not in for another round of torture from Nolan.

 " So you've finally got your tongue.." he smirked, removing his hand from her jaw as he stepped away from her.

"I did not hear you speak.."she defended herself.

"How would you? When you're as dumb as you seem. I didn't expect anything more from you.." he shook his head, proceeding to make his own cup of coffee.

The whole kitchen was utterly quiet afterwards.
"Your toy is destroying my stuff.." Layla cried out. As he slowly turned to look at Maddox who was tearing her stuffed animal to pieces with his claws and teeth.

"Get another one " he said as Layla scoffed in disbelief.

"That was a gift.." she protested.

"If it was, good thing Maddox is destroying it" Nolan said calmly.

" I can't believe this.." she muttered angrily. First was him torturing her, now his dog was destroying her gift.

"You have to.." he dropped his cup of tea loudly on the table and he continued moving.

"Don't think of trying anything stupid or you know the outcome.." he threatened and Layla stiffened.

"And also if you ever defile my orders you'll get a punishment much worse than this.." he warned sternly before walking away from a furious Layla.
###chapter 62
Layla sucked in a deep breath as she stood on the porch of Nolan's apartment. She was about to go to work. Nolan was long gone.
Well he went to work alone in his car while she had to board a taxi.
She would get a car once she learnt how to drive.

She began to walk towards the road, so that she could catch a taxi and she wanted to visit the pharmacy also to get some drugs.

Layla had still not forgotten what Nolan had done to get, after that day, she made sure never to break any of his rules and stayed away from him as far as possible.

"Taxi.." she waved down a taxi which was passing by.
Luckily for her, she found one early. Before she had to wait for ages.

"Take me to Raleigh company and please drop by any nearest pharmacy.." she informed the driver who shook his head in agreement.
..
Layla got down from her taxi after paying for her fare. She safely tucked the drugs she bought into her purse before heading inside.

"Good morning Bertha" She greeted Bertha as she walked away from her as fast as possible.
From her little observation, she was becoming the main topic in the company amongst the women as they gossiped about the expensive clothes she recently started to wear.
The least she could do was avoid them all.

"Hi Layla.." Bertha waved back cheerfully but Layla was already out of earshot.

Getting into her office, she sat down after settling down ready for the day's job.

"Oh my goodness.." Layla groaned looking at the work that was stock piled for her.

She wondered if Nolan had no conscience for her. He just stock piled work for her, not even thinking of the fact that she's just one, there's no one to help her.
Little wonders that none of his past secretaries lasted for more than a month. They were obviously fed up.
She hissed in annoyance beginning the day's job.

Layla was buried in her work when Xander walked into her office and said to her.
"Hey there, Layla! Are you ready to take a break from all that hard work and grab a bite to eat with me?" 

Layla looked up with a smile and replied "Haha, you're such a smooth talker! But I'm pretty busy here, so I'm not sure I can take a break right now."
She totally forgot that it was lunch time, if not for Xander who had come to inform her, she would have probably had no idea about that as she was so engrossed in work.

"Aw, come on, just a quick lunch break to recharge your batteries. You'll come back to work feeling refreshed and ready to tackle anything. Besides, my treat!" Xander playfully said as he stood in front of her desk.

"Thanks for that Xander but I'm pretty much occupied. Maybe another day.." She politely refused his offer, though she was starving.

"Oh, you're trying to act tough. But I'm not giving up that easily. How about if I bring the food to you, and you can eat it at your desk while you work? Then you can kill two birds with one stone." He offered but Layla shook her head.

"I don't know why you're being nice, but I'm good." she smiled warmly at him. She would just grab something after lunch.

 "Hey, I'm just trying to be a good friend, who's looking out for his Luna. No ulterior motives here, promise! But I understand if you're busy. Can I at least bring you a coffee?" He offered. He knew that Nolan must have kept a lot of work for her, that's why he was being nice.

"Okay, I get it, you're a tough cookie! I'll back off for now, but know that the offer stands if you ever need a break. I'm always happy to help!" He intoned, raising his hands in surrender. He can't possibly force her.

"I know you're a good friend Xander, but Nolan would kill me if I eat at the office" she uttered, dropping her pen on the desk. She was afraid of what Nolan would do if he caught her eating in the office.

 "Haha, I totally get it. You don't want to get on Nolan's bad side! He's a lucky guy to have such a hardworking and loyal Luna. But trust me. He'll be okay with this.." he assured as Layla snorted inwardly.

' if only they knew how cruel Nolan was ' 

"Alright let's go out to eat" she finally relented not to make him feel bad. And also to think about herself for once. It was lunch break. It was not wrong if she had something to eat.

"That's the spirit! I know a great little Italian place nearby, how does that sound?" He suggested as Layla shook her head in approval.

"That would be great!" She exclaimed standing up from her chair, putting some things in order.

"Let's go.." she said, grabbing her purse.

"After you.." Xander opened the door slightly for her to pass.

"Don't be silly Xander," she laughed.

"I have hands.." they both walked out of the office, on their way out they met with Carla.

"Carla!!" Xander exclaimed in surprise on seeing Carla.

"Hi Xander, Layla" she forced out a smile waving at them.

"What are you doing here?" Xander grilled curiously.

"I came to see Nolan, is he in?" She pointed at the direction of Nolan's office.

"Yeah he is.." Layla replied, tugging Xander's arm.

"Let's go.." she muttered and they both left.

"Bitch.." Carla cursed under her breath and she headed for Nolan's office.

As Carla entered the office, she passed through Layla's desk with the files she was working on, then an idea struck her.

 Glancing around to make sure no one was looking, she quickly grabbed the files and headed to the shredding machine in the corner of the office. With a sly smile on her face, she feeds the files into the shredder, watching them turn into tiny pieces of paper. She then put the shredded remains into the recycling bin and wiped her hands on her pants.

"Gotcha.." she grinned wickedly as if she had just won a lottery. Nolan will scold Layla if he realizes what has happened. As Layla will be the one to blame for it.
###chapter 63
After Carla had successfully made sure no one had seen her. She headed for Nolan's office as she had originally come to see him.
She couldn't but admire him as he sat behind his mighty table, working like his whole life depended on it. He was definitely a workaholic.

"Hey Nolan, what's up" she waved, walking closer to him.

He looked up from his work and to see who it was.
 "Hey, Carla." He said, focusing his attention back on his work.

"What's up?" His tone was a little friendly today, but he still seemed a bit distant. 

Carla sat down in the chair across from him and sighed. "I just wanted to talk to you about something. Is that okay?" She asked, trying to gauge his reaction. 

Nolan looked a little wary, but he nodded. "Sure, what's on your mind?". 

"I've kind of noticed that you've not been yourself lately" she uttered, picking her words carefully. She has known Nolan for a long time now so she could easily tell if something was up with him.

Nolan's face remained impassive, but his eyes narrowed slightly. "I'm not sure what you're talking about. I've been my usual self, as far as I can tell." He said coolly. He didn't seem interested in engaging in whatever this was. But Carla was determined to make him talk. 

"Come on, Nolan. You can't fool me. I know you better than that." She informed,trying to sound casual and friendly. But she could tell that she was starting to ruffle his feathers.

"What do you know Carla?" He dropped the pen he was holding on the table and finally looked up at her. Why did she suddenly come into his office and start asking baseless questions.

"I know that you and Layla have been having problems." Carla said, carefully choosing her words. Nolan's expression changed immediately, and he sat up straighter in his chair. 

"What do you mean by that?" He asked, his voice low and dangerous. Carla felt a thrill of excitement at having finally hit a nerve. 

"I mean that I know something is wrong. It seems as if you guys are not on good terms. I learnt that Layla comes to the office by taxi." She said, watching his reaction carefully.
Carla was not still very sure if they were having problems before but now she was certain something was wrong with their relationship.

But Nolan wasn't about to make it easy for her. "I don't know what you're talking about. Layla and I are fine." He said, his face giving nothing away. 

But Carla had a feeling that he was lying. "Nolan, I'm your friend. I just want to make sure you're okay." She said, trying to sound genuine. 

"There's no need to worry. I'm fine." He said curtly, clearly not interested in pursuing the conversation any further.

"Come on, you can tell me.." she grilled, holding his hand affectionately. It felt so good holding arms with Nolan. If only she can remain in his arms forever.

Nolan hesitated, looking down at their joined hands. "Carla, I appreciate your concern, but there's really nothing to tell." He said, trying to sound reassuring. 

But Carla wasn't going to give up that easily. "I know something is wrong. I can feel it." She insisted, her voice soft and pleading. For a moment, Nolan looked like he was about to crack. But then he pulled his hand away from hers and stood up.

 "I'm sorry, but I really have to get back to work." He intoned, his voice cold and distant.

"but Nolan..." She drew up standing up.
She was not ready to give up yet. Not now, she was supposed to know everything going on in their relationship, that's the only way she could separate them.

But Nolan held up a hand to stop her. "Carla, please. Just drop it." He voiced out, his voice tight with frustration. Carla felt like she'd hit a wall. She could tell that he wasn't going to open up to her, no matter how hard she tried. With a sigh, she relented. 

"Fine. But I'm always here if you need to talk." She smiled warmly, her voice still gentle. 

Nolan nodded, but he didn't meet her eyes. "Thank you." He sighed, turning back to his desk. And with that, the conversation was over.

"I'll leave now but if you want anyone to talk to I'm here" she smiled warmly at her, her face holding no sincerity.

"Get out!" He snapped out sternly. She was now biting off more than she could chew. He was trying to take it easy with her. But she was still persistent.

Carla's smile faltered, and she felt a pang of hurt. She hadn't meant to upset him, but she could see that she had.

 "I'm going." She said, her voice quiet. She turned and walked out of the office, feeling like she had failed. But she couldn't help but wonder what was really going on with Nolan and Layla. And she couldn't shake the feeling that there was something more to the story than he was letting on.

But now she should just leave, at least she wasn't entirely defeated. Layla had a bowl of trouble waiting for her once she returned from her lunch break. She had already made Nolan angry and his anger wouldn't wear down before Layla came back. Once he realized what Layla had done, he'd pour out his anger on her.

"I'll definitely get what I want, you and Layla can't be together.." she swore under her breath, leaving the office. 

As Carla walked away, she couldn't shake the feeling of foreboding that had settled over her. She knew she'd made things worse by pushing too hard. But she was determined to find out the truth about Nolan and Layla, no matter what it took. She was prepared to do whatever it took to make sure that they didn't end up together. Even if it meant playing dirty and that's exactly what she was going to do. Play dirty.
###chapter 64
"Thanks for the treat Xan.." Layla smiled as they walked into the company.

"You're welcome, anything for you.." he said as Layla laughed him off.

"Stop it" she giggled. She really had a great time thanks to him the lasagna she had was top notch.

"So how are you enjoying your stay with Nolan huh?' he asked, raising a brow at her.

"I don't know.." Layla drew out sucking her teeth.
She didn't know if she should just tell Xander that living with Nolan was a nightmare.

"It's great so far" she finally said. Though it was the opposite of it all.

"I know Nolan will treat you well. He's a nice guy.." Xander said and Layla chuckled inwardly.

Nice her foot! Maybe he was nice to other people but he was certainly not nice to her. At all.

"Layla is that you? woah!" A voice filled with amusement rang in her ears and Layla immediately recognized the voice to be scarlet's.

"Scarlet.." she mumbled with a frown as scarlet appeared in front of them.
What was scarlet doing here? How did she find her?

"Do it is you.." scarlet laughed as she raked her eyes on Xander who was standing beside Layla.
Anger suddenly built up in her, why were the good looking guys always around Layla? She thought in anger.

Well today, she'd make sure to shame her.

"What are you doing here?" Layla asked, alarmed by her presence. Scarlet shouldn't be here, she would do nothing but create a sin.

"I hope you know that Layla right here has been sleeping around with all sorts of men," Scarlet accused, her voice full of false concern.

 "What?!" Layla exclaimed, completely taken aback by the accusation. "That's not true!" She yelled. Scarlet would definitely embarrass her if something was not done. She only brought trouble whenever she was around.

"That's not true scarlet.." Layla defended herself. She had to look for a way to stop Scarlet by a means possible. Or Scarlet would jeopardize everything without thinking twice.

"Oh shut up!" Scarlet snapped at Layla. Seeing Layla's scared state, she knew right away that Layla didn't want her secret to be out.

"I know he's your next target " she pointed at Xander who had a confused look on his face about everything that was going on.

"Look Mr, stay away from her. She's like a leech and would only suck your pocket dry.." scarlet stated as Layla stood in utter disbelief. Why was scarlet out to destroy her?

"I have no idea what you're talking about, Scarlet," Layla said, her voice starting to shake with fear.
 "I don't go around trying to steal people's boyfriends, unlike some people I know, you stole my boyfriend away from me.." Layla spelled out pointing at scarlet.

"You're the slut here, not me. You slept with your sister's boyfriend, so between you and I, who's more pathetic?" Layla asked. 

 "Now you listen here, Layla," Scarlet fired, stepping closer to Layla and pointing a finger at her. "I don't appreciate you talking about me like that. And I definitely don't appreciate you accusing me of being a homewrecker." She says plainly.

 "I'm not accusing you of anything," Layla replied, trying to stay calm. "I'm just telling the truth." 

"No, you're not," Scarlet said, her face turning red with rage. 
"You're just trying to make me look bad in front of him. I didn't steal her boyfriend. She stole Mike from me instead what I simply did was taking back what was rightfully mine"

"That's not true!" Layla exclaimed, feeling her own temper starting to flare. 

"You're just trying to deflect attention away from your own behavior, you're the one who sleeps around with me not me.." Layla fired at scarlet. Scarlet was the terrible one here, who in the world sleeps with their sister's boyfriend and feel no remorse about it?

"Oh I'm not Layla. He chose me. He only left you after discovering that you were a slut.." Scarlet blamed Layla glaring at her with all the hatred sfe could muster.

 "You know what scarlet, you're just a two-faced, backstabbing bitch!" Layla ratted out.

"Just shut up scarlet, that's enough!" She hollered in frustration. She had enough already. Scarlet was taking it too far.

"Why tell me to shut up, when I'm saying nothing but the truth. "All you do is sleep around with men and get pregnant at the end of the day" Scarlet charged at Layla and Xander who's been quiet all this while holding a puzzled look on his face.

"That's a terrible thing to say!" Layla exclaimed, her face flushing with anger and humiliation. 

"I would never do anything like that, and you know it." Layla argued. Scarlet just kept emphasizing on the fact that she slept around with men.

"You're such a hypocrite, Layla," Scarlet said, her voice dripping with scorn. "You act like you're so perfect, but we all know the truth."

"That's not true!" Layla said, feeling tears welling up in her eyes. "You're just twisting the truth to fit your own narrative."Layla cried.

"But you're pregnant right and you don't know who the father is.." Scarlet said softly as Layla's shoulders instantly fell.

That was it, she's been ratted out. Her secret was out. Xander now knew about it and there was no way he was going to keep this a secret. Scarlet had literally done the worst.

"Please leave?" Layla requested softly. Right now scarlet had to leave. She would deal with Xander later.

"No, I'm not leaving. Just answer my question. Are you not pregnant? Yes or No?" Scarlet grilled with a note of finality in her voice. 
She had such a hard time finding Layla's place of work and now she did. She would make sure to humiliate Layla to the point that she would be sacked from work.
All of the good looking men who were always hovering around her would stop once they discovered that she was pregnant.

"Please just go.." Layla cried as she couldn't hold back her tears anymore. It was becoming too much for her to bear. She was already becoming suffocated by all of this.

"Just go.." she whispered, breaking down as Scarlet smiled satisfactorily. Her plan was working.
###chapter 65
Layla stood unmoving as Scarlet ratted out mean things about her. She could do nothing but sob quietly. There was nothing she could do now, her secret was out.

Xander was Nolan's Gamma and there was no way he was going to keep this a secret from his Alpha.
He also had a look of doubt in his eyes because from the way Scarlet spoke, it sounded as if Layla was a loose woman way before she came to New York.

"Look Miss, that's enough.." Xander finally butted in as he stood in front of Layla, he had finally had enough.

"No, Mr. It's not enough. You don't know Layla more than I do.." Scarlet scoffed, the fact Xander was supporting Layla despite everything she had said pissed her off the most.
She expected him to shame Layla also and leave her here but he was doing the complete opposite.

"Look I'm her stepsister, I know her more than anyone"

"Layla got pregnant in Seattle and ran away from home because she couldn't stand the shame.." she accused.

"And you know what, she has no idea about the father because she got pregnant out of wedlock and why is that. She sleeps around. Trust me Mr, you don't want to be with a woman who has slept with almost all the men in the world.." Scarlet concluded breathlessly as she fanned herself for breath.

Now she has said this, there was no way Xander was going to support Layla, he would definitely shun her. But to Scarlet dismay Xander did none of that.

"You should be ashamed of yourself.." he fired at Scarlet who stood in shock.

"Me?" She gave him a questioning gaze as she pointed at herself.

"Yes you. You should be ashamed of yourself.." he uttered in disbelief. He actually never wanted to say anything in the first place.
But after hearing what Scarlet had said to Layla and the state Layla was in, he could only say one thing. Scarlet meant no good for Layla.

"You're such a despicable woman. Why are you so hellbent on shaming your sister" he stormed angrily at her.

"Correction. Step sister.." Scarlet corrected with a sneer.

"I knew it!" 

"You can not be blood sisters because you can never be as genuine as Layla. Layla Is such a sweet soul and is ten times better than.." he defended Layla.

"How's she better than me?"

"Tell me!" Scarlet yelled. "She's only a whore. A whore can never be better than me.." she uttered.

"You know what?" Xander began in a low voice.

"Get out.." he said out bluntly. At this point, Xander had had enough. 

"You need to stop talking to Layla like that," he said, his voice stern. "You have no right to judge her or say those things about her."

 "But she's lying. Ask her if she got pregnant out of wedlock!!" Scarlet protested, her voice shrill.
 "I'm just trying to tell the truth!" 

"The truth is that you're being incredibly rude and disrespectful," Xander said, his patience wearing thin. "I think it's time for you to leave."

 "No!" Scarlet spat, crossing her arms defiantly. "I'm not going anywhere until I'm done with her," she insisted. 

Xander's eyes narrowed, and he took a step towards Scarlet. "I'm warning you, miss," he said, his voice low and dangerous. "You need to leave, now."

 "You can't make me leave!" Scarlet shot back, but there was a note of uncertainty in her voice. She could see that Xander was serious, and she wasn't sure if she wanted to push him any further. 

"I'm giving you one last chance," he stated, his tone leaving no room for argument.
 "If you don't leave, I'm going to call security."

"You will do no such thing!" She fired at him. How could he think of calling security on her. The last time at the mall she was utterly embarrassed as she was thrown out like a common thief. Today she would not allow that to happen.

"You're not in a position to tell me what to do" Xander retorted, his voice calm and collected. "You're clearly not welcome here, and you're causing a scene. You need to leave before I have to make you." 

At this point, Layla had had enough. She stepped between them, facing Scarlet.
 "Just go, okay?" she muttered, her voice pleading. "Please, just leave and we can forget this ever happened." 

For a moment, it looked like Scarlet was going to argue, but then she seemed to deflate. "Fine," she said, her voice resigned.
 "I'll go, but I promise you, Layla. I'll get back to you" She swore in a cold voice.

"I'll leave but I'll be back and you.." she snapped, pointing at Xander.

"Be wary of her.."

As it turned out, Scarlet didn't want to be embarrassed again, at least not in a big company, so she began to walk away not after promising Layla that she'd come back for revenge.

Layla and Xander watched as she left the company premises and then they were left alone.

"I'm sorry about all that," Layla apologized, looking down at the floor. He had really helped her to stand up to Scarlet. Because she knew Scarlet tauntings could have gone on till she gathered a crowd around them.

"It's not your fault," Xander assured, placing a hand on her shoulder. He only did what was right.

"She was the one who caused all the trouble." Layla looked up at him and she could see the concern in his eyes. 

"Are you okay?" he asked, his voice gentle and Layla shook her head slowly.

"Have this.." he handed his handkerchief over to Layla which she used in drying her tears.

"Thanks Xander.." Layla appreciated it. Now Scarlet was fine but not after putting her in hot soup. She knew fully well that she had a lot of explanations to give.

"Come let's go in.." he led her inside the company and the both began to walk inside when Xander suddenly asked a shocking question.

"Layla, are you really pregnant?"
###chapter 66
Layla sucked in a deep breath as she turned to face Xander. There was no point in denying it anymore, the truth was already out.

"Yes" she confirmed and Xander's face suddenly wore a look of disappointment. So scarlet was right after all.

"Who's responsible for the pregnancy, Layla?" He asked, trying to keep his cool. Has Layla been lying to them all this while?

"It's Nolan" Layla responded in a low tone.

"Nolan?" His eyes narrowed as she looked at her with a questioning gaze.

"Yes! Nolan is the father of my child and please Xander don't tell him about this.." she pleaded. Her plan was to beg Xander to keep the truth from Nolan.

"I shouldn't tell him about this?" Xander questioned as he chuckled.

"What are you even saying Layla, how sure am I that you're telling the truth?" 

"I clearly heard when your sister said you got pregnant way back in Seattle and that was the reason you moved to New York, so how does any of this make sense? " he pointed out.

"I know none of this makes sense Xander but you have to trust me when I say Nolan and I met way back in Seattle" She informed hoping he'd buy that. She was not sure if Nolan had ever mentioned that to Xander or anybody.

"It was on the 28th of March, just about two months ago. I swear on the life of my unborn baby I'm not lying Xander.." She only mentioned the date so that Xander could recollect if Nolan was out of town by that time.

"We met at a bar. I only went there because I caught my sister f*cking my boyfriend. I got drunk, met with Nolan and you know what happens after that.." she concluded trying to sound convincing.

"I did not come to New York because Nolan lived here. I only came here Scarlet and my stepmom was a threat to my unborn baby and I had no one else aside from Aurora. Meeting Nolan again and discovering that we were mates was just a pure coincidence. Trust me I was ready to move on without the father.." she added as she waited for his reply but he didn't say anything else.

"I know this may sound absurd but I"

"I believe you Layla.." he interrupted and Layla breathed out in relief. Now she can reason things out with him.

"You do?"

"Yes.." he replied. From all the explanation she gave, he knew that she was telling the truth.

After Nolan went for a business trip in Seattle on the exact same date Layla had mentioned. He returned moody and angry.
When he confronted Nolan about it. Nolan told him that he met his mate.
He remembered shouting at Nolan for leaving his mate back there in Seattle but Nolan stated that he didn't want anything to do with her and wished that she never appeared again in his life.

But as time went on, Layla appeared in New York as Nolan's secretary and now they're mated.

"I know you're telling the truth Layla, I believe you" he reassured holding her by her shoulders.

"Thank you.." she breathed out.

"But what I didn't understand is this" he began withdrawing backwards from her.

"Why are you keeping this a secret, why haven't you told Nolan yet?" He grilled curiously. As he wondered why she would keep such big news from everyone.

"Because I'm not ready yet.." she says out curtly.

"Please Xander, I didn't want you to say anything about this. I'll handle this myself.." She guaranteed. Now another person aside from Aurora knew about her secret. She had to be careful.

"But why are you so intent on hiding the news about your pregnancy, I mean this is going to be good news.." Xander emphasized. Not only would Nolan have a Luna, they would also be expecting a baby. This was such good news for the pack.

"Not yet Xander.."

"I'm sure you know how my relationship with Nolan is. You know he hates me and doesn't trust me at all. I don't know what he will do if I tell him about this. His reaction and all. That's why I want to take things easy.." she stated hoping he would agree with her and keep her secret.

"You don't have to be scared Layla, I'm here for you and I can deal with Nolan. Trust me he's going to believe you. You both are mates and he feels every f*cking emotions inside of you. there's no way he's not going to trust you and I know he would never hurt you.." he said out softly trying to convince her to say the truth.

"You don't know anything Xander.." Layla voiced out. Easy for him to say that Nolan would never hurt her.
Nolan did not give a damn about her, if he had the chance to reject her as his mate. He would have done that a long time ago.
Not only that, he calls that night a huge mistake. 
How could he ever accept a child that resulted from a mistake?

"But Layla.." 

"Xander please.." Layla stopped him from saying anything further.

"Just promise me one thing. Promise me that you'll tell no one about this, not even Nolan"

"Layla"

"Just promise this. I'll handle this myself.." she interrupted holding his hand.

"Please Xander, I'm begging you for just this favor.." she begged.

"All right. I will not say anything about this" he finally obliged.

"Thanks Xander.." Layla appreciated.

"But on one condition.."

"What's that?" Layla asked as her brows furrowed.

"This will not go on for long. If it takes too long, I'll have to spill the beans myself.." he said. He had never lied to Nolan but was just doing this for Layla's sake because he respected her a lot.

"Okay I will.." she accepted his terms before then, she would think of something.

"You can get back to work, I'll take care of the CCTV footage outside.." he informed. One of the cameras must have captured Scarlet talking about Layla's pregnancy.

"I really appreciate this Xander. I'll see you later.." she quickly hurried away as she had spent too much time aside and the lunch break was over a long time ago.
She just hoped Nolan hadn't stepped out of his office since then or he'd definitely scold her.
###chapter 67
Nolan sat in his office quietly as his head was in a total mess, right now he needed to put a lot of things straight.
Picking up his phone, he called Layla so she could get him the reports he told her to work on, but it didn't go through.

Nolan was growing more and more frustrated. He couldn't believe that Layla was ignoring his calls, she was usually so prompt and attentive. He started to worry that something might be wrong. "Layla, can you hear me?" he said into the phone, raising his voice slightly. There was no answer. He hung up the phone and went out into the hallway, scanning for any sign of Layla. The office was eerily quiet, and there was no sign of her anywhere. Where could she be? He thought to himself worriedly.

It was almost as if she had vanished into thin air. Nolan went to check the break room, the conference room, and even the supply closet, but she was nowhere to be found. He was starting to feel a bit frantic. What if something had happened to her? He pulled out his phone and called her number again. This time, it went straight to voicemail.
Seeing she was nowhere around. He guessed that she was out for lunch. So he proceeded to find the files himself.

Nolan grumbled to himself as he started to search for the files he needed. This was taking much longer than it should have, and he had other things he needed to do. But he couldn't focus on anything else until he found the reports. After searching through several filing cabinets.
He still couldn't find what he was looking for, he was about to give up when his eyes caught something.

Walking straight to the shredding machine, he picked up a few pieces of papers that had been shredded to pieces and if his eyes were not failing him, it was the same report he had asked Layla to work on. Nolan's heart sank as he examined the shredded pieces of paper more closely. It was definitely the same report, no doubt about it. Why would Layla have shredded it when she knew he needed it urgently.

Layla's eyes widened in surprise, and her face paled. "I... I'm sorry, I was... I was..." she stammered, clearly struggling to find the right words.

 Nolan fixed her with a stern gaze. "Spit it out, Layla," he said, his voice low and threatening. Layla took a deep breath. 

"I went out for lunch.." Layla stammered in fear wondering why he was looking so angry.

Nolan's brow furrowed in confusion. "You went out for lunch?" he asked, his tone skeptical. "Where did you go? And what happened to this?" He brought out the shredded papers tossing it on her face.
 Layla's mouth opened and closed, but no words came out. She looked as if she wanted to say something, but couldn't find the words. What happened to the reports?

"How dare you destroy my reports!" Nolan's voice thundered, his voice booming with anger. "You had no right to do that, and you know it!" 

Layla took a step back, shaking her head frantically.
 "No, no, that's not what happened!" she protested., She had no hand in it, before she left she left the reports intact on the table as she was done working on them..

"Please, you have to believe me! I would never do something like that!" But Nolan was having none of it.

"You knew how urgently I needed this Layla!!" He fired angrily at her.

"I swear Nolan, I have no idea about this or how it happened" she tried to defend herself.

"I don't believe you, you're always bound to do something stupid, Layla" Nolan uttered his voice cold like ice. 

"You're clearly lying, and I won't stand for it. You're fired,effective immediately. Now get your things and leave"

 Layla's eyes filled with tears and her lower lip trembled.

 "Please, you can't do this!" she pleaded.

 "I need this job. Please, I'm begging you, just give me another chance!" But it was clear that Nolan's mind was made up.

"Go home Layla, there's no need for you to work anyway. I take care of all your expenses. Just go home before you do anything more stupid.." he waved her off. He was refraining himself from doing something cruel to her, so it was best she left before he hurt her.

Layla felt like she had been punched in the gut. "You... you take care of my expenses?" she said, her voice barely audible. 

"But I have to earn my own money Nolan " How could he ask her to quit her job?

Layla's mind was racing. She couldn't afford to lose this job, not with her financial situation being what it was. And she knew she hadn't done anything wrong. Something wasn't right here. She couldn't just let this go. 

"Nolan, please," she begged, her voice desperate. "I know you're angry, but I didn't do anything wrong. I didn't destroy the reports, I swear. You have to believe me!"

"I don't know who did it," Layla said, her voice growing stronger. 

"But it wasn't me. Please, I need this job. I can't lose this job. Can't you give me a chance to prove my innocence?" She could see the doubt in Nolan's eyes, but there was also something else there. Something that made her stomach churn. 

"Go home Layla.." he said softly. He just wanted her to leave.

"Nolan please believe.." Layla began in a low voice.

"I was out for lunch the whole time, you can ask Xander. We went together." If there was any person that could help her out of this mess, it was Xander.

"Xander?" He called out as his eyes narrowed.

"Yes. Please believe me Nolan. I can't destroy something I've worked so hard to arrange.." that was a very stupid thing to do. She spent hours getting the report done, how could she just destroy it.

"Go home for now Layla.." 

"But I don't.."

"I'm not firing you.." he chimed in.

"Just leave!" 

"But Nol"

"Are you deaf!!!?" He yelled at her as Layla clutched her purse tighter.
She guessed she had to leave for now, maybe in the process try to prove her innocence.
Turning her back, she slowly left, leaving Nolan in the office.
###chapter 68
Layla got home feeling very tired, she went straight to her room as she needed some rest.
After freshening up and eating some seafood, she began to ponder about what happened at the office today.
It felt so strange. 

Before she went out for lunch with Xander. The reports were intact. She had left them on the table after she finished working on them.
As long as she could remember, she didn't go near the shredding machine, not to talk of even placing the reports she had worked so hard on there. 
She wouldn't even think of punishing Nolan, or paying him back with evil.

Though he had not been so nice to her, she would never think of doing such to him. She had never thought ill of anybody. Nolan was her mate, how would she do anything that could sabotage his business?

Everything was so confusing for her, she just couldn't comprehend how it happened because she was very sure she had left the reports intact and she never went near the shredding machine.
Then how?

She felt so sad that Nolan didn't believe that she had nothing to do with it and he even sent her out of the office. She hoped that he didn't fire her at the end of the day. Because she needed to save up.

"How did it happen?" Layla creased her brows curiously. It was all so confusing.
There was no way the reports could have teleported to the shredding machine by itself. No doubt someone was behind this.

"But who? " Layla questioned herself over interested in the matter. She had to prove her innocence. Now Nolan would be thinking more badly of her.

"No one entered my office.." she mumbled. It was lunch break, everyone was out for lunch. Then who?
And no one walked into Nolan's floor freely, only limited people were allowed to come to his floor.

"The only people allowed are me as I am Nolan's secretary. Xander, Bertha also. Though she comes very rarely, then Carla but Carla doesn't work in Nolan's. Carla.." Layla instantly sat up from the bed as she just recollected that Carla was the only one that went into Nolan's office after she left.

"But how could Carla..no, no.." she quickly waved that thought off, there was no way Carla would think of doing such. Layla reasoned.

"What if she really did it? Carla is the only person that went in after I left. But why would she do that?" Layla was utterly confused about that.

But then she remembered that Carla has never liked her from the start and just started acting nice to her. What if Carla actually did this to punish her.

Not wanting to think about it, Layla decided to wait for Nolan to come back. She wouldn't rest until she proved her innocence.

Yawning loudly, she laid back in the bed, feeling kind of relieved that Nolan told her to leave.
She had never had the time to rest because she was always working. This could be an opportunity for her to get some rest.
 ************
Layla woke up in the middle of the night to get some water. She saw Maddox sleeping in the living room but from the look of things it seemed as if Layla wasn't around.
She wondered why he wasn't home. Brushing that off her mind, she grabbed a glass of water and went back to her room to go back to sleep.
**************
At a bar where music popped out as people danced as they had fun. In an enclosed corner was Nolan and Xander with a few bottles of drinks on a table in front of them.

"So tell me man, why have you decided to come out here today?" Xander asked and he whispered something to the lady beside him.
She smiled brightly before planting a kiss on his cheeks then he stood up to leave.

"Just to cool my head off.." Nolan responded ygulping down all the bourbon in the glass he was holding.

"What? You have a Luna at home. You can cool off with her.." Xander chuckled sheepishly.
After what happened today, he became convinced that Layla and Nolan were having a problem with their relationship. That must be probably why she didn't want to tell Nolan about it.
They both started on a rough path.

"Shut up!" Nolan snapped at him, taking another glass of bourbon.

"I'm gonna cool off at your place for a few days.." Nolan informed filling his glass for the third time .

"Wait! Now you're scared to go home" Xander exclaimed as he grinned.

"Did you guys have a fight?" Xander grilled curiously as he nudged Nolan's shoulders.

"No we didn't.." Nolan rolled his eyes, filling his glass up again.

"That's a lie. You both must have had a fight. You like Layla don't you?" He raised his brows at Nolan.

"No!" Came his blunt reply.

"Then why did you mark her, you should have just gone on with the rejection and saved yourself from all this stress?" He reasoned.

"Stop asking me stupid questions about my personal life and do something else instead " Nolan began dropping the cup on the table.

"And what's that?" 

"Find out everything about Layla. About her life in Seattle. Everything she did, where she schooled. Find out basically everything about her and most importantly why she left Seattle" Nolan requested. Why would she leave her family to come live here?
Now he had become very curious to know all about her.

"Why are you so eager to know?" Xander grilled. If Nolan does a background check on Layla, no doubt he would find out about her pregnancy.

"Don't I have a right to know more about my Luna anymore? Huh?" Nolan asked in sarcasm with his brows raised up.

"But I thought you don't like her?"

"Just shut up and do as I instructed.." Nolan stated.

"I feel like she's hiding something from me" he added in a low voice, picking his glass up from the table as he continued his drinking.
Whatever Layla was hiding, he would make sure to find out about it.
###chapter 69
"Good morning Maddox.." Layla yawned as she stepped out from her room. Maddox was already waiting by her door as he wagged its tail the moment Layla stepped out.

Well that can be kind of confusing since Layla had always been scared of Maddox, but during the last two days they've become best of friends.
Layla had reportedly gotten over her fear for him as she realized that he was really a sweet dog.

"How are you doing today?" Layla asked squatting In front of him as she rubbed his hair.

"Whoof!" Maddox barked which shocked Layla a little bit and she fell on the ground.

"Stop it Maddox, I thought I told you not to do that.." she frowned as she sat in front of him.

"You always startle me each time you bark at me unexpectedly.." she complained and Maddox seemed to have heard her complaints as he began to wince softly.
He nudged towards her as he rubbed his soft fur on her hand.

"Don't worry I forgive you okay.." she smiled, patting his head. 
That's how Layla has been living her life for two days now, neither had she stepped out from the house nor has she seen Nolan.

After what happened at the office and he told her to leave, Layla had not caught not even a glance of him. He did not show up nor did he call to tell her about his whereabouts. He just left her with Maddox.
Well Layla didn't bother to call him either. She didn't care if he was away, in fact she was glad. She was only sad because she had no idea if he would allow her resume work again 

It kind of felt relaxing for her that he was not at home. No work, just sleep, rest and play. Though it was kind of boring being alone at home.
She would have loved to move to Aurora's place to crash but she couldn't leave Maddox alone.
There will be no one to feed or bathe him.

"Come on.." she sighed, getting up from the ground.

"Let's go to the kitchen to get some food.." both Layla and Maddox headed to the kitchen and she began to make breakfast for herself.

"So what do we have here?" She asked herself opening the cabinet where Maddox feed was usually being kept.

"Oh no!!" She groaned in frustration. Maddox was out of feed.

"We have a problem, dox" she announced, calling Maddox by the nickname she gave him.
Maddox seemed to have understood what she said as he sat up from the ground and walked to where she was.

"You're such a smart dog" she admired rubbing his head. He seemed to understand everything that went on. Everything she said. And she was really impressed by that.

"What did we do?" She questioned no one in particular. There was no way she would starve Maddox. She didn't even know where Nolan was or when he would even come back. What she knew at the moment was that she was not going to call Nolan for any reason and she would also look for a way to get out of the mess she was in.

"I guess the only solution is to get you some" she said as she had decided to go buy some feed for Maddox.
There was a grocery store which was not too far from Nolan's place. She would be able to get there in thirty minutes by foot.

"Ok Maddie, I'll go get you some food. Hmm" she patted his head as she went over to switch off the stove. She would prepare her food along with Maddox's once she gets back from the grocery store.

Rushing to her room, she quickly changed into comfortable clothes and she made her way out.
She got to the sitting room when she realized she had no cash on her.

"Oh f*ck this is very frustrating.." she groaned in frustration. She had only a few bucks in her that wouldn't even be able to buy Maddox's plate that he used for feeding.

Nolan bought expensive dog treats for him and that was exactly what she was planning to get from the grocery store. As she wanted to avoid Nolan's trouble.
She didn't want to get on his bad side by buying any random feed for Maddox. Then Nolan would lash out on her for feeding his dog with something cheap.

Maddox was very healthy and big. As Nolan made sure to maintain him well enough.
She was still thinking of where to find money to buy dog treats for Maddox when her eyes caught something. Nolan's card.

The same card he gave her the day she came to this house. She refused saying she didn't want it but Nolan had left it there. He didn't bother to collect it back as he just dumped it on the table.

"Thank God.." breathing a sigh of relief, Layla rushed to the table and collected the black card that was lying on it. She was doing this for Maddox, not herself.

"Be good Maddox.." She waved while walking to the door but she discovered that Maddox was following her.

"Go back, I'll be back soon.." she tried warding him off but he didn't bulge. It seems as if he was intent on following her.

"All right, all right, you can come with me.." she said, picking up his leash which she attached to his collar. The dog was just as stubborn as its owner.

"Let's go.." she voiced out as she came out of the house.

"Brace up boy. It's going to be a long walk.." she informed. She had no plans or taking a taxi. She was walking to the grocery store.
Take it as a stroll or an early morning exercise.
.
Hi dear my lovely readers..
How are you enjoying this story so far?
Feel free to drop your comments and thoughts about Nolan and Layla's story.
If I can get up to five comments in a week there'll be a mass release of chapters.

Xoxo
Author.
###chapter 70
"Good morning ma" Layla greeted the woman at the counter of the grocery store. Holding onto Maddox leash tightly. She didn't like the attention she was getting one bit and wanted to leave the grocery store as soon as possible.

Maddox was one rare and a very expensive dog. He was getting attention from people because of it's rareness. And that was something Layla hated the most. Attention!

"What can I get you?" The girl at the counter asked.

"Five packets of Dog chow with kibbles and bits.." she requested.

"And also three packets of a beast and bird.." these were the exact foods that Maddox ate. So she was going to get them for him.

"That would cost you a thousand dollars.." the lady informed as she placed Layla's orders in a plastic bag.

"Here's my card.." Layla handed over the black card to the lady. The lady stared at her for a very long time curiously before collecting the card.
She must have wondered what a person like Layla would be doing with a black card.

"Here's your receipt.." She handed over the card, receipt and plastic bag to Layla.

"Thanks.."

"Let's go Maddox" Layla led Maddox out of the store on their way out, Layla accidentally bumped into someone.

"I'm so sorry.." Layla apologized while picking up her stuff that fell on the ground.

"I'm sorry really.." She apologized again.

"Layla.." the person called with uncertainty in his voice as Layla immediately recognized the voice. It was Regan's but what was he doing here?
She never knew he shopped at this store, if not she would never have come here. Now he was going to ask her a lot of questions about Maddox especially.

"Regan!" She called in surprise as she wondered what he was doing at the grocery store. This was really bad timing for her. How would she start explaining herself to him about Maddox? Regan knows she doesn't own a dog.

"What are you doing here?" She asked curiously.

"I came to get some cat food for kie.." he responded as Layla shook her head. Kie was Regan's cat.

"Oh I see.." she shook her head momentarily.

"Who owns that dog?" He asked, pointing at Maddox. 

"Umit's" Layla stammered looking for the best excuse. She can lie by saying she owned Maddox. Regan knew that she would never be able to afford a dog like Maddox.

"Um..it's for a friend of mine.." she blurted out, tucking her hair behind her ear.

"A friend?" Regan drew out raising a brow at her.

"What friend? Aurora is your only friend and Aurora Hates pets.." he pointed out.

"Yeah true but it's not for Aurora. It's for a friend of my other friend. We work together. Yes we work together.." she concluded breathlessly hoping Regan wouldn't catch her lie.

"A friend at work. I see.." he smiled.

"That friend of yours must be really rich." He commented as Layla grinned sheepishly.

"Yes she is. She's filthy rich.." she muttered.

"It's actually a good thing I met you here.." he began.

"Let's go on a date this weekend. What did you say?" He proposed and Layla suddenly began to cough.

"A date!" She exclaimed.

"Yes, a date. I really enjoyed myself the last time we went out together. So what do you say?" He asked and Layla began to pick her nails.

She still hadn't forgotten what she went through the last time she went out with Regan. She arrived late and Nolan took it out on her for breaking his rules.
Maddox even reportedly destroyed the stuffed animal Regan had gotten for her. Si she was not sure if she was ready for another round of torture in the hands of Nolan.

"I'm not sure.." she began stressing her words.

"You see, I'm kind of busy. But don't worry. I'll let you know when I'm free.." she smiled warmly at him.

"Okay if you say so. I'll be expecting your call shortie.." Regan smiled back at her.

"Why don't you wait up. I'll get kie's food and drop you off.." he suggested but Layla quickly waved that thought off.

"No no no" she protested.

"There's no need for that. I'm okay.." she says trying to sound convincing.

"I insist Layla, the last time you refused but not today. At least I should know where you live now. So come on.." he persuaded as he held her hand.

The moment he held her hand, Maddox began to bark at him.

"Maddox what is it?" Layla asked but he kept on barking at Regan and people began to divert their attention at them wondering why Maddox was barking so loud.

"Come on boy, shh.." she tried to soothe him by rubbing his head but he kept on barking at Regan.

"I don't think Maddox likes me a lot.." Regan chuckled, stepping back away from Maddox and Layla. Maddox looked like he would pounce on Regan anytime soon.

Layla immediately recollected what Nolan said about Maddox. Maddox was only calm to get because he liked her, he could be very feral to a person he hates and it seemed as if he hated Regan. A lot.
The only thing in his eyes was furiousness which was directed at Regan.

"Calm down, it's okay.." she coaxed, rubbing its fur. Surprisingly she and Maddox had become best of friends these past two days and he listened to her a lot.

"Thank you.." she breathed out when Maddox finally calmed down.

"We will get going now, Regan.." she announced standing up.

"Okay Layla, see you some other time.." he waved as Layla made her way out of the door with Maddox.

"Bye.." she waved back at him as she walked away dragging Maddox along.

Hi dear my lovely readers..
How are you enjoying this story so far?
Feel free to drop your comments and thoughts about Nolan and Layla's story and what do you think about Carla.
If I can get up to five comments in a week there'll be a mass release of chapters today!

Xoxo
Author.
###chapter 71
"All right Maddox, let's make you something!" Layla exhaled as they walked into the apartment.

"Woof!" Maddox barked and immediately ran off as if he saw someone. Layla walked slowly into the sitting room but was shocked to see Nolan there, sitting on a couch, dressed in black like a grim reaper. A good looking one.
With him was Maddox who was busy nudging at him.

"Where are you coming from?" He asked after dismissing Maddox.

"Uhh.." Layla stammered utterly shocked by his sudden appearance. He has been away for two days and just came in like a ghost, thank goodness she only went out to get Maddox some food.

"Are you deaf?" He catechized in a cold voice and the plastic bag Layla was holding suddenly fell to the ground out of shock. The devil was back.

"I went to get some food for Maddox.." She began convincing herself that she had done nothing wrong. So he won't get mad at her or want to punish her.

"Okay.." he said softly and Layla's face scrunched up in confusion. Just like that he was not mad at her.

Not wanting to waste anymore time she picked up the plastic bag that she had fallen to the ground by mistake and dashed away to make Maddox and herself food.
          **********
After Layla had finished eating and serving Maddox, she proceeded back to the sitting room as she needed to speak with Nolan. 
He disappeared for two days and just arrived and for those past two days she had not gone to work. 

"Nolan.." she called out feeling relieved that he had not left, he was on the exact same spot where he was before.

"What is it?" He asked and she appeared in front of him.

"II" she stammered looking for the best way to start her appeal. She was innocent and didn't want to be punished for something she knew nothing about.

"You what?" He snapped at her his patience wearing thin.

"I wanted to ask you if I could return back to work?" She requested picking her words carefully.

"You can.." he accepted as Layla stilled. Just like that? He just accepted, does that mean he had found the culprit. 

"I can?" She grilled feeling unsure, maybe she heard wrong. But he didn't give her a reply and Layla immediately got the message. He would not answer her question. He was obviously done with the topic.

"I promise you Nolan, I did not destroy the reports.." she began, even though he had told her to return to work. That did not mean that he had forgiven her or even believed that she had nothing to do with it. So Layla was adamant to prove her innocence.
Nolan had never trusted her now it's going to be a lot worse for her.

"Get out, I don't want to hear about it" he waved her off. 
Unfortunately, there were no CCTV cameras in his office and that of Layla, if not he would have checked already to see who destroyed his reports.
When he checked the footage taken from the hallways, it was only Layla and Carla that came into Layla's office. That means the culprit was one of them.

"I'm Sorry Nolan, I had nothing to do with this. I will never ruin something I worked so hard on.." she uttered. She would be a very big fool to do that.

"Just leave Layla. I've taken care of it." He dismissed her but Layla was adamant on proving her innocence.

"You must have taken care of it, but I know you still think that I did it! " She protested.

"And that's why I have to prove my innocence to you, that I had nothing to do with this.." she said. The only thing she wanted was to prove her innocence to Nolan. She wanted him to know and believe that she had nothing to do with the ruination of his reports.

"That day Carla came into the office.." she began but was interrupted by Nolan.

"Are you saying Carla did it?"

"No I'm not saying that but there might be a chance that she did it. She was the only one who came into my office after I left and I'm hundred percent sure that I placed the reports on my desk before I left, I didn't even go near the shredding machine.." She explained her plight. 
She never wanted to point fingers at anybody but after giving it a thorough thought, Carla was the only one she could blame for it.
As Carla never liked her from the start and only started being nice to her.

"There might also be a chance you did it. Just leave Layla.." he said curtly.

"You're only denying this fact because Carla is involved.."

"I know if I was the only one involved you wouldn't have hesitated to raise your hand on me.." She intoned, raising her voice this time.

"Get out of my sight Layla!" He yelled at her.

"No, I won't leave. You should trust me more than anybody Nolan. I'm your mate!" She emphasized. All of these were pissing her off. It hurt to know that Nolan didn't trust her at all and he would never.

"You said you felt all of my feelings Nolan, so tell me Nolan, listen to your heart and tell me, am I the one who destroyed your reports?" She asked as she looked him straight in the eye.
She could see denial flashing through those icy blue eyes of his. 

"Please just answer me, Nolan. You know the truth already. You're the only one I can rely on, so please believe me.." she pleaded with Nolan who just kept quiet as he pursed his lips.

Layla was right, she was innocent. He could feel everything going inside of her and the only thing he felt was sincerity which only meant that Carla was responsible for this. He'd definitely teach her a lesson. 

"Nolan please answer.." she was suddenly interrupted when Nolan stood up from the chair.

"Since you're trying so hard to be brave, why don't we try something else instead?" He asked as his lips curved up with a mischievous glint in his eyes as Layla stilled.
###chapter 72
"What are you doing?" Layla asked with a hitched breath as Nolan stood right in front of her.
What was he planning to do?

"Something new.." came his response in a dry and raspy voice.

"I have to leave, I have something to do.." she stammered making way to leave but he held her back.

"What are you doing?" Layla asked in horror, his face held an evil smirk which scared the living hell out of her.

"Come here.." he tugged her wrist and the next thing, Nolan was already seated on the couch , Layla on his lap.

"What are you?" She asked horrified, wanting to stand up from his laps but he held her even tighter.

"Don't even think of moving an inch!" He warned and that seemed to have done the trick as Layla sat still unmoving.

Layla could feel the tension in the air as she sat in Nolan's lap. The room was quiet, save for the soft sound of their breathing. She could feel his gaze on her, burning into her skin, and she had to fight the urge to squirm under his intense scrutiny. Finally, he spoke, his voice low and husky. "So, Layla," he said. "Tell me about your day."

"it went well.." she stuttered, why was he suddenly asking how her day went.
Nolan smiled, and the expression sent a shiver down Layla's spine. He rarely smiled and when he did, it only meant he was up to no good.

"I'm glad to hear that," he said, nodding his head. and Layla thought she detected a hint of sarcasm in his voice. 

"Your cheeks are heating up" he deadpanned picking a strand of her hair which he inhaled.

 "I... I'm just a little preoccupied, it's nothing," she stammered hoping he wouldn't push the issue. But of course, he did.

"Which shampoo do you use?" He suddenly asked.

Layla stiffened, her body going completely still as his breath tickled her neck.

 "I... um... it's just... the usual brand," she stammered, trying to keep her voice steady. She could feel his lips curve into a smirk and her heart began to pound in her chest. 
He bought the shampoo the used for her hair, then why was he asking her. Unless he had no idea about the things he got for her.

"I see," he mumbled to himself and his voice was so close to her ear that she could feel his breath on her skin. 

"It smells lovely." Layla swallowed hard. 

"Thank you," she managed to say, and she couldn't help but feel a shiver run down her spine. 
What must have gotten into Nolan, she thought. They were arguing just a few minutes before.

Layla couldn't understand what had changed in such a short time. Just a few minutes ago, he had been accusing her of something she hadn't done, and now here he was, acting all... flirtatious. It was making her head spin, and she wasn't sure how to react. But then she felt his hand on her shoulder, and she froze. His touch was gentle, but firm, and she couldn't help but shiver again.
She inhaled deeply as she traced his fingertips on her shoulders down to her neck.

A wave of goosebumps broke out across her skin as his fingertips lightly traced the contours of her neck. She closed her eyes, trying to focus on the sensations. She could feel her heart racing and her breath coming in short gasps. This wasn't like her at all. She wasn't a person who got swept up in emotion but something about this moment was making her feel... different. Was it because they were mates?

Nolan was so intimidating, he was a big temptation to her. One that she needed to stay very far away from.
Layla knew deep within herself that if she wre to start anything with him now, she would never be able to stop.

Layla had always known that Nolan was attractive but she had always kept her distanceas he also asked her to do so.
He was a powerful man and she had always been wary of getting too close to him. But now, with his fingertips tracing over her skin, she found herself wanting to lean into his touch. 

She took a deep breath and opened her eyes. He was looking at her intently, and she felt herself falling into those dark fathomless depths of his icy blue eyes.
Those eyes that she loved a lot, they were so pretty.

"You want to kiss me, don't you?" He asked in a low arousing voice.

Layla felt her stomach tighten as his words hung in the air. She should have said no, she should have pulled away but something inside her wouldn't let her. 

 "Yes," she whispered, her voice barely audible. A slow smile spread across Nolan's face, and he leaned forward. She closed her eyes, waiting for his lips to touch hers, but instead, she felt his breath on her ear as he whispered. "So impatient"

Layla bit her lips in embarrassment, she just made a fool of herself. 

"I should leave.." She made way to stand up but he held her back down.
He kept on tracing his fingertips on her neck in a slow sensual way.

Layla's body tingled under his touch, her skin prickling with awareness. She had never felt like this before and she didn't know what to do with the feelings that were swirling inside her. 
Her body began to feel hot as it yearn for something, her body yearn for Nolan to be inside of her.

Tucking her hair behind he was about to reach out for her lips when Layla phone chimed in notification.
Before Layla could reach out for her pocket to check what it was, Nolan had already collected her phone as he read the message that popped up on her screen.

She felt his hold on her tightened as his face darkened, anger purely evident in his eyes.
Layla would be about to reach for her phone when he abruptly asked in a cold emotionless voice.

"Who the f*ck where you with?" 

....
It seems as if Nolan saw something that made him furious and jealous.

Who can guess what it is?
Two more chapters today, if you get the right person.
Drop your answers in the comment section.

Xoxo author.
###chapter 73
"No, no, no...It's not what you think?" Layla began in stammers, she didn't know what was in the text but whatever it was she was sure Nolan was not supposed to see it.

"I only went to the grocery store, I swear to God.." she swore fidgeting in fear. The murderous glint in Nolan's eyes scared the living hell out of her.

"Then what's the meaning of this bullshit?" He howerled grabbing Layla's arm as she flinched in fear.

"It was nice spending time with you today, hope to go on a date soon ( love emoji). Hope you got home safe" he read out in fury. Was Layla seriously seeing another man?

"No,no Nolan, you're misunderstanding the whole issue here" she defended. The text was from Regan. Now she knew. How would she explain to Nolan that it was just a harmless text, Nolan would not spare her.

"Misunderstanding?" He chuckled in amusement.

"Where did you meet him? So you went to see a man before going to the grocery store?" He asked in disbelief as Layla quickly shook her head.

"Nolan please believe me. We met just by accident and Regan is just a friend nothing else.." she tried to reason with him but it seemed as if none of that was getting into Nolan's head. He looked so angry.

"So you now going dates with friends right?" He asked as Layla trembled. How would she make Nolan understand, he was really hard to reckon with whenever he was angry and now he was mad with anger.

"It's not a date, it's only.." she had not finished her statement when Nolan suddenly pushed her off his laps and she landed straight on the ground.

"Ow.." Layla winced fighting back her tears as she got up slowly from the ground.

"It's only what?" He asked standing up also as he stood in front of her but Layla ignored his question as she wrapped her hands around her chest with her head facing the ground while she whimpered softly.

"Tell me!!!" His voice thundered in the whole room and Layla flinched backwards in fear.

"It's nothing Nolan, believed me.." she cried as she was not able to hold back her tears anymore.

"Are you seeing another man?" He suddenly asked in a low voice as he felt his blood boil. The thought of Layla with another man infuriating him, that was what he would never allow to happen. Layla was his and he could do to her whatever he wanted.

"Nonono.." Layla cried raising her hands in the air. "I swear to God Nolan, I'm not seeing another man. Regan is just a friend" she swore but he didn't seem as if he was ready to believe her.

He was allowing his anger to cloud his judgement.
"A friend you go out on a date with?" He grilled stepping closer to her and Layla stepped back in fear.

"Regan is my friend from high school, he's the twin brother of Aurora, the three of us are best friends. I swear.." she spluttered.

"I only met him at the grocery store where I went to get food for Maddox and it's just a friendly date" she explained. She just couldn't get why he was overreacting, he had said it himself that he didn't want anything to do with her, then how was it his problem if she went out with someone else.

"Look Layla, let me sound this warning to you!" He began pointing his finger maliciously at her.

"You are not allowed to see or talk to anybody, you hear me!!?"

"Only I have a say in whatever you did, so you get that?" He growled at Layla who stepped away from him.

"But you don't own me.." Layla retorted.

"What did you just say?" He squinted his eyes as he stepped closer to her.

"I said you don't own me neither do I owe you to be this indebted to you.." she uttered as she inhaled sharply. He had no right or say in the things she was involved in.

"What?" Nolan muttered in confusion as his brows furrowed.

"I said you don't own me Nolan Adlen!" Layla yelled, she had suffered a lot enough from him already. It was time she stood up from herself.

"The fact we are mates doesn't mean that you can do whatever you want with me!"

"You don't treat me right, you treat me like trash then you tell me to stay away from people who actually make me feel like I have a reason for existing, no Nolan you can't do that.." she stated wiping her tears off.

"You clearly said our relationship is only out of convenience and circumstances and you don't care about whatever happens to me, so let me be.." she spelled out. He did whatever he wanted while he laid out rules for her.

"I'm your Alpha Layla.." he said in a low voice.

"Then act like one!" Layla yelled.

"Then act like an Alpha and not a beast.." she voiced out.

"It was never my fault that I was chosen to be your mate. So please Nolan don't take out your aggression on me and it was never my fault your first mate died. I didn't even know about werewolves at that time, so if you're looking for who to vent out your anger on, you can do that with the moon goddess and not me!" She said with a note of finality in her voice.

Rosalie and scarlet always treated her like a piece of shit in the past and she was never able to stand up for herself, now Nolan wanted to do the same.
And that's what she would never allow to happen. Aurora was right after all, she was going to be a mother soon, so she needed to start standing up for herself, that was the only way she would be able to protect her child on the future.

"You do whatever you want, so I'll do whatever I want!"

"You were away for two days and I said nothing about it.."

"I do whatever I want, I'm the Alpha.." he growled at her.

"And I'm your Luna!" She yelled back at me.

"So I can go out with whoever I want to and there's nothing you can do about it"

"Layla!!" His voice thundered and Layla suddenly kept quiet.
Has she been speaking too much?
She still hadn't forgotten that Nolan could be feral and if he ended up taking it out on her, she would be no match for him.

"You know what?" He began.

"Go f*ck yourself.." he said walking out on a speechless Layla.

"Oh my gosh, did I just say that?" Layla gasped as she watched Nolan leave as she marveled if she just stood up to Nolan.
..
Hope you enjoyed this chapter? He he he(⁠•⁠‿⁠•⁠)

So what do you think about Layla standing up to Nolan, drop your answers in the comment section.

Don't forget to vote and drop your points.

Xoxo
Author.
###chapter 74
Layla stepped out of her room ready for work as she walked to the sitting room, where she saw Nolan sitting there over a cup of coffee.

"Good morning.." She greeted him unsure if that was the right thing to do after what happened the previous day.
But nonetheless she wanted something from him that was why she greeted because she would rather act like he didn't exist.

"I'm off to work.." she informed him softly. That was what she wanted from him. She didn't know if he changed his mind after what happened yesterday and might use that as a means to punish her.

"I'm off to work.." she said again seeing that he did not give her a reply.

"Nolan, I'm off to"

"What the f*ck do you want me to do about it?" He snapped coldly at her. So he was still pissed.
Well he could be angry to the extent of hitting his head against the wall for all Layla cared.

"I just"

"Get lost.." he waved her off and Layla quickly ran out of the house.
He didn't change his mind after all, Layla was very happy to hear that. She was finally out after two days.

She did not have her breakfast, so she decided to get one on her way to work as she didn't want to spend another moment with Nolan.
          ********
"Good morning Bertha.." Layla waved.

"Good morning Layla.." Bertha waved back at her.

"Wait Layla!" She called out as if she just remembered something.

"Yes, can I help you with anything?" Layla asked, stopping in front of Bertha's desk. 

"Actually yes ... .wait no.." she stammered.

"Then I should get going if you don't need anything.." Layla was about to walk out when Bertha dragged her back.

"Wait" she held Layla's wrist.

"I just wanted to ask you a question.." she began chuckling sheepishly.

"All right, be fast with your question. I have something important to do.." Layla chimed in taking a look at her watch.

"Oh, chill Layla, the president has not come yet.." she said smiling.

"That doesn't mean I don't have work to do.." Layla pointed out. She had been away for two days so there'd definitely be lots of work waiting for her.

"Spill Bertha I have to go.." she motioned for Bertha to speak up. She needed to take her drugs as she did not take them at home.

"Okay, okay.."

"Why weren't you at work for two days?" Bertha asked and Layla felt like walking away immediately. Why did she love boring people's personal life?

"I was sick.." came Layla curt reply.

"Oh I see. But you don't look sick to me.." Bertha said sheepishly.

"Seriously Bertha.." Layla narrowed her eyes in a frown.

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to upset you. You look stunning Layla, actually. You don't look sick. One would think you went on a vacation.." she shrugged her shoulders as she secretly admired Layla's beauty and her expensive dressing.

"Don't tell me you stopped me to tell me this?" Layla raised a brow at Bertha.
She should have just minded her business a while ago and passed by without greeting anyone.

"No that's not it Layla seriously.." she shook her hands on the hair defensively.

"It's just that everyone thought that you were fired.." she began.

"Now you know, I was not!"

"They said the reason for the president firing you was because you tried to seduce him and seeing the way he sent you out"

"I was not trying to seduce anybody Bertha and he only sent me out because I was feeling sick and you know how Nolan is"

"Nolan?" Bertha looked at Layla with a questioning gaze as Layla quickly clasped her mouth shut.
She felt so annoyed at that very moment, they tended to spread rumors about her and the worst part of it all was that she did not even know the people that spread these rumors.
The only people she spoke to in the office were Bertha and Xander and they were the only people she knew that names, the rest were nothing but colleagues who she hardly spoke to as she was always working in her office.

"Sorry I meant the president.." She quickly corrected herself.

"You call him by his name?"

"It was a slip of the tongue Bertha, please.." she begged, obviously tired of all of this.
Her plan was to walk quietly like a ghost now stupid rumors were flying round about her.

"I'm sorry Layla really. I'm sorry if all these made you angry.."

"But I'm only telling you this because I'm a good person and I know you had no idea about these rumors.." she pointed out.

"Thank you Bertha, but seriously I don't want to hear any of it. Because there's nothing I can do to stop these rumors from spreading.." she said. They could say whatever they wanted, she didn't care one bit about it, because it added nothing meaningful to her life.

"But I can assure you of this. I was sick that's why I was not able to come to work and Nolan only sent me out because of the same reason.." she explained.

"Nolan?" Bertha stared intently at her as if she was a suspect.

"It seems as if you're very comfortable with calling the president by his name seeing the way it just rolls out of your tongue.." she reasoned stating a fact there.

"But it would be really nice if you both have something going on between you. Come to think of it, the president is good looking and you're also very pretty. What a perfect match.."

"Bertha please, stop this already.." Layla pleaded. This was something Nolan warned her about, people finding out about them.
If he heard any of the rumors, he could easily assume that she started it purposely.

"And you also began to wear very expensive clothes.."

"I told you it was a gift.." Layla interrupted.

"You got a full closet as a gift?" Bertha asked in surprise.

"You know what?" Layla began in surrender.

"I'm leaving, see you soon.." she waved, walking away. She just couldn't fathom why someone would be so interested in a person's personal life.
How was it any of Bertha business if she wore expensive clothes, they should learn when to shut up!
###chapter 75
"Who's it, hold on, I'm coming!" Aurora yelled as she ran out of her room. It was just 9pm so she wondered who was knocking at her door, knowing there was no way it could be Layla as Layla was at work.

"Good morn.oh Fuck!" Her countenance fell the moment she saw the person standing on her porch.

"What are you doing here?" She asked coldly.

"I came here to see you, why else would I be here?" Xander responded pointing out the obvious.

"Now you've seen me, leave.." She made her way to shut the door but was stopped by Xander.

"I also came to talk to you about something, so I'm coming in.." he smirked as he walked straight into her apartment as he sat on the couch comfortably.

"I never invited you in!" Aurora snapped at him as he chuckled.

"Chill Aurora, stop getting worked up already.." Xander said as if he was bored of her attitude.

"Well you being here is getting me so worked up that I feel like strangling you, so leave!" She ordered pointing at her door.

"I came here because of Layla, not you so chill.." he intoned as Aurora eyed him suspiciously.

"What about Layla?" She questioned.

"You know she's pregnant right?" Xander asked as Aurora stilled. She thought Layla wanted to keep it a secret, then how did this scumbag know about it. Aurora reasoned to herself.

"Ask her yourself.." she spat at him distastefully.

"I'm only here because you're best friends and you might have the answer to what I want" he informed. Layla was so lucky that Nolan had asked him instead to run a background check on Layla because if it was someone else, no doubt Nolan would have found out about her pregnancy.

"I was told to run a background check on her and I'm doing so.."

"Why don't you ask Layla yourself or rather go run your background check somewhere else. Leave my house.." she said venomously.

"You're the only friend Layla has" he pointed out.
Regan and Aurora were the only friends Layla had, he would have gone to Regan to ask for an answer instead of coming here but he felt it would be better if he asked Aurora instead.

"Ha ha ha, I'm so lucky. Leave!" She voiced out.

"If you must know, Layla told me about her secret herself and begged me not to tell Nolan which is a very hard thing for me to do" he confessed. He was Nolan's Gamma and had never lied or hidden something from him, especially something as crucial as this.
He was out doing Layla a favor by hiding her secret and because he also respected her a lot.

"Layla told you?" Aurora asked with squinted eyes.

"Yes," he confirmed.

"But why would Layla do that?"

"It just happened, now you're going to tell me everything that happened to her in Seattle and why she moved to New York" he requested.

"What do you want to know Xander?"

"That Layla is suffering and still keeps quiet about it, if you're so eager to know then let me tell you.." she said, taking her seat as well.

"Layla lost her mom when she was still very little, after that her dad took her in. It happened that Layla's father Markos already had a wife at home, which is Rosalie and Rosalie has a daughter, who is scarlet.." she began. She was only doing this as a means to help Layla. It was best for everyone that Nolan knew the truth.

"Scarlet" He muttered, that was the lady that showed up in the company and was hellbent on humiliating Layla.

"Right from the moment Layla stepped her foot into that house Rosalie had never been kind to her. She always treated her badly, starved her, made her do all manner of hard work while her daughter lived like a princess. Back then we were still in high school. I was the only friend Layla had and I knew how hurt she was then"

"As time went on, we graduated from college. After graduation Layla's father was diagnosed with a kidney stone and needed a transplant. Layla worked so hard to find the perfect match for her dad. And when she finally did Rosalie locked her up and took her daughter to the hospital instead so she could frame scarlet as the perfect daughter"

"To cut the long story short, Layla caught her boyfriend banging Mike, then she went to a bar and got drunk, you know what happened next. Weeks later she discovered that she was pregnant, in fear of Rosalie hurting her daughter, she left home and came to New York to start a new life.." she paused.

"Then you helped her to get a job, she resumes work and sees that the father of her child is her boss who's very cruel to her"

"You know what, Layla fears that man a lot that she can't even bring herself to tell him about her pregnancy. I've tried convincing her several times to tell him but she's just too scared and then he keeps bombarding her with lots of work. Now the doctor has warned Layla to stay away from too much work because there's a risk of her having a miscarriage.." Aurora concluded. "You've heard what you wanted to hear, now leave.." she waved him off.

"A miscarriage?" Xander asked with narrowed eyes.

"Yes, the life of her child is In danger and Layla is just so stubborn. I've told her before it's either she quits or says the truth but she wants none. I really can't understand her sometimes.." Aurora said, shaking her head. Layla kept making things difficult for herself.

"She can't quit.." Xander mumbled. Layla and Nolan were mates; there's no way she could quit.

"You know what, Layla is such a kind lady and she honestly deserves someone who would care for her. That lady has been through a lot, so please help me beg your boss to take it easy with her, thank you"

"Thanks for telling me this Aurora.." he thanked her sincerely as he stood up from the chair.

"You're welcome, leave!" She uttered In sarcasm.

"Bye sunshine, see you some other time " he winked at her as he made his way out.
Now he knew about everything that was going on, he needed to do something about it or things could get messy.
###chapter 76
Nolan swirled his chair from scratch side to side as he had an uneasy look on his face. He looked worried.
The words Layla said to him the same before was stuck on his head and the more he tried to forget about it, the more it worried him the most.

Was he being too harsh on her? Nolan quickly warded off that thought as he picked up his phone which he used to call Layla.

"Yes Nolan, do you need anything?" Layla asked from the other side of the phone.

"Come to my office.." he instructed and with that disconnected the call. Layla quickly dropped what she was doing as she rushed to his office.

Layla's mouth went dry. She took a deep breath, trying to calm her racing heart. 
 Reluctantly, she gathered her things and left her office, heading for Nolan's. When she arrived, she knocked on the door, her hand trembling. 

"Come in," Nolan's voice said from within. Layla took a deep breath and opened the door.

"Yes Nolan, is there anything you want me to do?" She asked him the moment she got into the office.

"Lock the door behind you" he instructed in a stern voice.
Layla's heart skipped a beat, but she did as he asked, turning the lock with shaking hands.
What did he want that he suddenly called her to his office?
It was almost evening and time to get off work, what did he want now?

"Come here," he commanded and Layla walked slowly to his chair. He was dressed in a crisp black suit, his icy blue eyes dark and intense.

"Nolan what do you want?" She asked as she got to where he sat. She hoped it was not what she was thinking, that he was planning to do.
Before her mind could register anything else, Nolan had already pulled her wrist as he made her sit on his lap.

"What are you doing?" She spluttered, her face flushing red at that single gesture of his.

"We didn't get to finish what we started yesterday.." he said in a cold steel voice as Layla gulped Loudly. But that was all his fault, he was the one who went berserk, not her.

"What was that?" She stammered pretending as if she didn't have an idea about what he was talking about.

"Don't act like a child Layla.." his voice suddenly became cold and Layla felt all her geo veins pop out.

"You know exactly what I'm talking about" he said, his tone softening a bit.

"This is an office.." she stammered.

"I don't care, this is my office" A small smile tugged at the corner of his lips.

He collected a handful of her hair as he sniffled it. 
Nolan really loved the smell of her hair and how soft it felt in his hands.

Layla remained unmoving as he did what he wanted, she wanted to tell and scream at him.
But her body kept betraying her, she just couldn't move from there. As she kind of enjoyed it.

Layla's breath caught in her throat. The sensation of his hands in her hair was sending shivers down her spine.

 "You have such beautiful hair," he murmured. Layla's cheeks flushed, and she felt herself melting into him.

 "Thank you," she whispered as he shook his head slowly, fixing his gaze on her eyes. He had always liked her eyes, they were the perfect shade of brown.
But knowing the kind of person Nolan was, he would never confess to that fact.

He leaned over as he buried his face at the crook of her neck.
Layla's heart skipped a beat and she froze, unsure of how to react. But then she felt his warm breath against her skin and she relaxed, letting herself enjoy the sensation. He lingered there for a moment, and then pulled back, his eyes locked on hers.

Layla couldn't help but admire his beauty but then she badly wanted to ask if he was drunk though she didn't smell any alcohol on him but that was unlike Nolan. The last time she remembered him to be gentle was the night he marked her. After that night he was far from gentle, not until today.

He then began to place light kisses on her neck which sent a burning sensation right through Layla's body.

Layla's breath quickened and she tried to still her trembling hands. She had never felt this way before and she wasn't sure what to do. But then she felt Nolan's hand on her cheek, gently turning her face towards him.

"Stop looking away from me Layla.." he uttered in a drowsy voice as he moved his hands to where he had marked her.
Layla felt a sparkling sensation within her the moment he touched his mark. It felt so good and relaxing.

Then he suddenly picked up his phone as Layla's eyes narrowed as she wondered what he was going to do but then he dialed a number.

He dialed a number.
"Hey Nolan, wassup do you need anything?" Xander's voice asked through the phone speakers.

"Make sure no one comes to my floor" he instructed.
Layla's eyes widened, and she felt her cheeks flush. Was he... was he really planning on doing what she thought he was planning on doing? She felt her heart pounding in her chest, and she couldn't seem to catch her breath.

 "No problem, man," Xander said. 
"I'll take care of it. Is everything okay?"

 Nolan hesitated and then said, "Yeah, everything's fine. I just need some privacy, that's all." 

There was a brief pause and then Xander said, "Got it. I'll make sure no one interrupts you."

"What about Layla?" Xander questioned but Nolan had already disconnected the call.

Layla was still in surprise when she noticed him pick up a small remote.
Layla watched as he pressed a button on the remote and the blinds in his office began to lower. Her heart was beating so fast, she thought it might burst out of her chest. What was he doing? What did he have in mind? She felt completely out of her depth, and she didn't know what to do. She just sat there frozen as the blinds closed, casting the room in darkness.
..
###chapter 77
Layla was still in a daze when he suddenly slammed his lips on hers.
Layla tried to break the kiss but Nolan held her fast. 

"Don't," he said, his voice husky. 
 She looked up at him, and saw the desire in his eyes. She didn't know what to do. This wasn't how things were supposed to go. But then, she felt herself melting into him and all thoughts of what she should or shouldn't do flew out the window.
Right there she wanted Nolan Adlen.

She closed the gap between them, and pressed her lips to his. He wrapped his arms around her, pulling her close, and deepened the kiss. Layla's heart was pounding, and she felt her knees go weak. But she didn't want to stop. She wanted to be lost in this moment, with this man and never come back.

Layla lost herself in the moment, letting the sensations wash over her. She felt Nolan's fingers running through her hair, his body pressed against hers, his breath on her face. She closed her eyes, and all she could see was him. All she could feel was him. It was as if nothing else existed, except the two of them. And for the first time in a long time, Layla felt truly alive.
The way he was gentle and calm really amazed her. This was the version of Nolan she wanted. Gentle and calm.

Layla's breathing was heavy, and she felt dizzy with desire. But she also felt uncertain, unsure of what to do next. She opened her mouth to speak, but nothing came out. Nolan smiled at her and brushed a strand of hair out of her face.

He reached for the hair packer that was round her wrist which he pulled out then he slowly packed her hair backwards.

Layla's heart was racing. She had never felt so exposed before and it was both terrifying and thrilling. Nolan looked at her, and she saw the heat in his eyes.

 "You pretty Layla" he confessed, his voice low and husky. She wanted to say something, but her throat was dry and she couldn't find the words. So she just sat there on his lap, his hands on her face, and waited for him to make the next move.

This was the first time he was calling her pretty and it actually felt nice hearing those words from Nolan, but Layla just couldn't stop herself from thinking what must have gotten into him for the sudden change of behavior.
He went from cold to calm overnight.

Layla's skin tingled at his touch, and she closed her eyes, focusing on the sensation. He moved his hand down her neck, his thumb brushing her collarbone, and she felt her breath catch in her throat. Her heart was pounding and she could feel her body trembling, but she didn't want him to stop. She wanted to give in to the moment, to let go of everything else and just be here, with him.

Layla felt a sudden rush of nerves as he began to unbutton her blouse. She wasn't sure if she was ready for this, but she also didn't want it to stop. She felt a strange mix of emotions, desire, fear, and something else she couldn't quite name. She knew she should stop him, but she found herself powerless to do so. She just sat there, letting him undress her, her heart in her throat.

He stood up from the chair still holding Layla as he made her sit on the table.
Layla's eyes went wide as she realized what he was doing. He was going to put her on the table. She felt a surge of adrenaline and her body began to shake.

Layla sat down, her hands trembling. 
Layla took a deep breath. She knew she could stop this, but a part of her didn't want to. She felt drawn to Nolan.

Layla gasped as Nolan pulled her close. She could feel his breath on her face, and her heart was racing. She felt exposed and vulnerable as he unhooked her bra.

Nolan's pupils dilated as they came in contact with her twin peaches.
Layla took a deep breath as she felt Nolan's eyes on her.

Layla felt herself relaxing and she let herself enjoy the moment. He was patient and calm and she felt safe with him for some strange reasons

He continued to undress her, his touch slow and gentle. She felt her worries fading away, replaced by a feeling of peace and contentment. She was in control, and she knew that she could stop at any time. But she didn't want to.

When he had finally discarded her trouser and underwear, he wrapped her legs around his waist as he traced his fingertips on her legs.

"You're really pretty Layla.." he uttered softly and Layla felt her face burning red. She really loved this cool version of Nolan.

She watched him take off his shirt as he unshackled his belt, undoing his trouser.
Layla's eyes widened at the sight of his huge manhood which was standing tall and proud.

She gulped loudly as he held her up and he slammed his lips on her. This time he kissed her hard and more ferociously.
He ran his hands through her body as he kissed her deep as if he wanted to steal her breath away. 

Layla had a hard time keeping up with him as he seemed like a pro in all of these.
He placed his hands on her soft molds which he squeezed gently earning him soft gasps from Layla.

They were both so engrossed in their world of pleasure and they both looked like it was the end of the world. They both let out their emotions pouring it into the long and intense kiss.

Layla was still engrossed in the kiss when he suddenly drove into her.

"Ha!!' she let out a shrill cry at the sudden invasion. 
He drove all the way into her and Layla felt as if a vacuum had been filled inside of her.
He gave her time to adjust to his size as he soon began to drive in and out of her ravenously like an untamed beast.
###chapter 78
Carla walked majestically into Nolan's company as she made way for his office.
She was about to get into the elevator when two bodyguards placed there stopped him.

"What do you think you're doing?" She asked in anger as she took off the shades she was wearing.

"You're not allowed to go in, miss.." the first bodyguard named James said in a stern voice.
They were given strict orders not to allow anyone In.

"You've got to be kidding me.." Carla chuckled as she slowly placed her shades into her purse.

"Do you know who I am?" She asked.

"I'm Carla and once Nolan finds out about this. I'll make sure he fires you both. So get out of my way to avoid that!" She howerled moving close to the elevator but James pushed her backwards.

"We're only obeying strict orders.." she says curtly.

"Have you lost it? Do you seriously know who you're talking to? Get out of my way now!" She gritted her teeth in anger.

She came here in hopes of seeing Nolan and spending some time with him after what she did to the reports she was sure Nolan would be very pissed at Layla, that's why she came here with a plan and now these men were telling her rubbish.

"Let me in." She requested trying to contain their anger but from the look in the men's faces, they would not allow her in.
They were werewolves so there was no way she would be able to fight them off.

"I'm sure you know how important I am to the pack and to Nolan? Just you wait I'll make sure you pay for this' ' she promised them bringing out her phone.

"I'm going to call Nolan now.." she dialed Nolan's number but got no response.

"Why's Nolan not answering his call.." she muttered calling him for the second time, then the third time and the fourth but got no response either.

"What's going on inside that I can't go in?" She asked feeling anger bubble up within her, Nolan just ignored her calls and she was being humiliated here.

"No one is allowed to go in.." James said with a note of finality.
He had been warned squarely not to allow anyone in and Xander specially warned him about that. Even if it was someone very important, they were not allowed to go in.

"F*ck you!!!" She cursed at them.

"Get out of my way!!" She yelled struggling with them but they only held her back preventing her from going in.

"What the hell is Nolan doing inside?" She asked no one in particular as she arranged her hair that has been ruffled due to struggling with James.
It was evening already and time for him to get off work and that's why she came here to follow him home but here they were preventing her from going in.

"Sir.." she heard James speak through an air pod that was placed in his ear.

"A woman is trying to get in despite your others , she's creating a scene.." he informed as Carla became intrigued to know about the person he called. What was Nolan's reason for saying no one should come in?

"you'll definitely pay for this" she swore with a menacing look on her face. Now she was so very angry. Why would Nolan issue a lock down when almost all the staff were already gone?

"Let me in!!"

"Must you always create a ruckus out of everything Carla?" Xander asked disdainfully as he approached them.

"Xander, tell this man to get out of my way right now?" She requested pointing at James and the other man beside him.

"No, you're not allowed to go in" Xander affirmed in a cold tone as Carla scoffed.

"And you are you to say that huh?" She yelled at the top of her voice.

"As the person in charge.." he responded. He always knew Carla had a thing for Nolan and was trying to get his attention though Nolan never looked at her in that perspective.
He was against them ever getting together as Carla would never be the right person for Nolan. Layla was.

"As a gamma who runs around Nolan as a puppet, get a life Xander.." she mocked.

"Can you seriously hear yourself Carla?" He raised a brow at her. She has always been stupid.

"Puppet?"

"I have a role Carla, I'm the Alpha's gamma and the person who can stand for him whenever he's busy, just like now. What about you ?"

"You're just a shameless she wolf Omega who goes about fangirling over a man that will never notice her" he fired at her.
That was what she was an Omega, the lowest ranks of Lycans and werewolves. She was only where she was today because of the deed her father had done for Nolan during the war.

"What did you just say?" She asked fuming in her.

"I'm sure that you're not deaf and can hear perfectly well"

"It's either you wait till Nolan comes out or you get out!" He stated. Xander was very friendly to everyone. But Carla was someone he just couldn't vibe with. He didn't like her at all.

"I'm going in, you can say whatever you want.." Carla said making way to go in but was stopped by James once again.

"Don't try anything stupid Carla and if she insists on going in, throw her out of this place.." he instructed before walking out on them.

"Xander you can't do this!!" Carla screamed after him as he left.

"Xander, come back here!" She yelled in anger but he ignored her.

"Xander!!" She called at the top of her voice but not once did he answer her as he disappeared from sight.

She turned to face the bodyguards in frustration but they held a passive look on their face. She would never get in no matter how hard she tried.

"Just you wait for Nolan, I'll make sure you lose your job" she threatened as she went to sit at a nearby chair. She was going to wait till Nolan came out.

He he he (⁠•⁠‿⁠•⁠). Finally done with this chapter.

Hope you're enjoying the book so far my lovely readers and what do you think about Xander putting Carla in her place?

Drop your answers in the comment section.

XOXO AUTHOR.
###chapter 79
Layla lifted her head slowly from Nolan's chest as she blinked her eyes repeatedly, her face met with Nolan's who was calmly asleep. 
His arms were tightly wrapped around her bare waist as she sat on top of him straddling him while Nolan sat on the chair.

Her face immediately flushed red as she remembered the events that happened just about an hour ago. How hard and insanely Nolan drove in and out of her and how ke kept on calling her beautiful and hot repeatedly. 
He had fallen asleep after that as she did the same afterwards.

She had no idea what must have gotten into Nolan, but right now he looked so peaceful and calm. She couldn't help but admire his beauty.
She also marveled how aan could be so good looking like Nolan.

In fact the lycans she had met were very handsome, starting from Nolan, down to Xander and the man she met at the pack. They were all so good looking.

Layla kept on staring at his flawless face for a.long time, she didn't want to look away, she wanted to drown in his beauty forever. The father of her child was no doubt handsome.
His dark red hair suited him perfectly especially when it was falling on his forehead just like now, then his cold blue eyes which could bore holes into a person's soul was so magnificent. 

Layla became tempted to touch his flawless face and run her finger through it. She fought so hard to fight the urge to do so and when she couldn't hold any anymore, she touched his face slightly.

She felt an electric jolt go round her body down to that spot. That's when realization hit Layla as her eyes opened wide in horror. He was still inside her. F*ck! He didn't pull out of her yet.

Layla was still in a daze when his eyes suddenly snapped open bearing bright red in color.

"What are you doing?" He asked in a low deep voice which seemed to want to drive Layla insane.

"II" Layla stammered as she quickly jolted her hand back from his face. His red eyes stared intently at her.

"Nothing, I'm doing nothing.." she replied, forcing out a smile. Now that he was awake she felt extremely shy and embarrassed, she wanted to get out of the office as soon as possible.

"Don't you think it's about time we leave?" She questioned diverting the topic.From the look of things it was already night time.

"Yeah, we should.." Nolan replied, creasing his brows.

His deep seductive voice seemed to have turned Layla on again as she immediately turned wet down there which in turn aroused Nolan who was still inside her as he grew hard feeling her insides.

"Aren't you scared?" He suddenly asked and Layla brows furrowed.

"Of what?"

"My eyes.." he responded, speaking in a very low voice. He had let his wolf take control and dominated his mate, now he was still in his Lycan form.

"No.." Layla confessed. What was there to be scared about? This was not the first time she had seen his red eyes. She had seen him grow fangs and claws before. She witnessed him shredding a person to pieces then why would she be scared of him now. She surprisingly found warmth in his presence.

"I'm not scared." She said again and Nolan's eyes held a look of disbelief.

"Honestly Nolan.." she began taking a deep breath.

"I actually find warmth with you.." she confessed softly as Nolan's eyes narrowed.

"I don't know if it's because we're mates but each time I'm with you, it feels like home.." she uttered.

"I still remember the first time we met, you were the first person to tell me after so many years that I was not useless and that what my father did was not my fault. I felt so elated that night" she said, remembering the first day she met Nolan. He was surprisingly calm and cool then when they met again he just changed and directed nothing but hatred towards her as if she'd done something very gravely to him.

"I don't know why all of that changed.."

"Why did you leave home?" He abruptly asked the question that has been bothering him since day why. Why did Layla leave home to come here?

"Huh?" Layla felt her words stuck in her throat as she searched for the perfect lie to tell him.

"I left home because I couldn't bear the pain of the breakup, after my boyfriend cheated on me with my sister, I couldn't take it, so I left home.." she said softly trying to keep a calm facade as Nolan fixed his gaze on her. Something felt different.

"Then why do you feel different?" He asked as Layla's brows narrowed in confusion.

"Your bre. forget it.." he waved that thought off thinking it wasn't necessary at all.

"We should get going.." he said, helping her climb off him.

"Here, clean yourself up and get dressed.." he threw a napkin at Layla and they both cleaned up and got ready to leave.

"Nolan.." Layla called softly.

"What is it?" He questioned picking up his car keys.

"There's something I wanted to tell you.." she began picking her nails nervously as something kept pushing her to tell Nolan about her pregnancy sooner or later he would find out about it once he started perceiving his pups on her, she felt it would be better if she told him now so as to avoid unnecessary issues in the future. Everyone knew how angry Nolan could get and he acted out of it whenever he was angry.

"You can tell me when we get he, we're running late.." he said making way for the door as Layla pursed her lips. She'd just tell him when they get home. She hoped silently for everything to go well, there would be no hassles or whatsoever.
.
Hello my dear readers, hope you enjoyed this chapter.

What did you think Nolan wanted to say to Layla? And do you think she will be able to tell the truth?

Drop your answers in the comments section.
XOXO AUTHOR.
###chapter 80
Layla walked alongside Nolan as they both left for home. On their way to the elevator, he suddenly asked a shocking question.

"Do you take birth control pills?" Layla froze in the spot as her heart stopped working.
What the hell was he sprouting out of his mouth?

"Birth control what?" She stammered in confusion.

"Pills.." he completed as they stepped into the elevator.

"No, no, I don't take them, why are you asking?" she grilled curiously.

"So you can start taking them," he replied curtly.
He had a lot of things to settle and being a father was not one of them, at least not now.

"II.." Layla's voice trailed as she was completely out of words. If she was hearing right, this was Nolan telling her to start taking birth control pills, for what?
So she wouldn't get pregnant? But she already was!

"You don't want to be a father?" She drew out word by word as he abruptly turned to face her.

"No.." he responded. "And don't even think of getting pregnant.." he warned as Layla breathed hitched. She was just planning a while ago to tell him about the baby but here he was warning her not to get pregnant.
Who in the world doesn't want a child? 
What the freaking hell was going on in that head of his? She asked herself in horror. Now she was doomed.

"What if I'm already pregnant?" She questioned wanting to hear an answer from him.

"Are you pregnant?" He asked, fixing his eyes on hers.

"No!" Layla bluntly denied. What was she even thinking?

"Good, it should remain that way for now, hmm"

"What if it just happened, what would you do about it?" She asked and when she sensed him staring at her suspiciously she quickly changed her tone.

"I'm just saying, you know accidents do happen sometimes, it takes us unaware.." she uttered, chuckling sheepishly.

"So what would you do if that happened?" She asked, waiting anxiously for his reply.

Nolan was quiet for a long time as he thought hard on the right answer to give, what would really be his reaction if she ended up being pregnant?
Speaking of pregnancy, there was something suspicious about her recently that he just couldn't place his hands on.

"I'll" he was about to give his reply when the elevator door opened wide and the next thing they heard was his name.

"Nolan!!" Carla exclaimed in surprise, she had been waiting for him by the elevator door.

"Layla.." her face suddenly turned sour the moment she saw Layla beside Nolan. What was she doing there?

"Why did you say no one could come in, these men literally embarrassed me and stopped me from going in.." she began to complain.

"You should have stayed put when they asked you to.." he said calmly as he stepped out with Layla.

"Where's Xander?" Nolan asked.

"He's over there" she pointed at a direction and Nolan headed towards the direction.

Layla was about to leave also when Carla suddenly dragged her back.

"What were you doing in there with Nolan?" She asked venomously, tightening her grip on Layla.

"What?" Layla's brows furrowed. "You're hurting me Carla, let go.." she whimpered.

"Oh.." Carla muttered as she slowly let go off Layla.
"What were you doing inside with Nolan?" She asked again with a softer tone. She held back her anger for Layla and tried to be nice.

"Ask him yourself!" Layla uttered as she walked away. She wondered what sort of a stupid question was that? Carla seemed like she wanted to know about everything going on in her life with Nolan.

"F*ck" Carla cursed, stomping her feet to where Layla, Xander and Nolan were.

"What happened again?" She asked insistently. She wanted to know why Layla was alone with Nolan.

"How is it any of your business Carla?" Nolan asked, turning to face her.

"It's just that I'm very curious to know, I've been waiting for hours you know. I should know what happened.." she stated.

"Stop crossing your limits Carla" Nolan warned. She still hadn't given him a good explanation for destroying his reports. They'd definitely get to that issue.

"I" she began but was cut short by Xander.

"Here's your car key Nolan.." he handed over the key to Nolan.

"Umm Nolan.." Carla held his arm to stop him from leaving.

"Do you need anything?" 

"Yes. Can I sleep over at your place?" She requested as Xander and Layla instantly fixed their eyes on her.
What sort of a request was that?

"You have an apartment.." Nolan reminded her.

"Yes I do, but my car broke down and I need a place to crash for the night. I promise you it's just tonight.." she pleaded with Nolan who hesitantly agreed.

"Thanks so much Nolan.." She hugged him happily.

"And you too Layla. Please don't feel uncomfortable with me. It's just tonight " she forced out a smile.

"It's nothing.." Layla said softly.

"Okay bye.." she waved, running after Nolan who was already going to his car.

"Aren't you going to follow Nolan?" Xander asked, seeing that Layla was not following Nolan.

"No.." Layla replied as Xander walked her outside.

"Why?" He queried.

"Well.." she began taking a deep breath. Since Xander already knew her secret there was nothing more to hide.

"We come to work separately and live separately.." she replied, forcing out a face smile.

"But it's late. How can Nolan let you go home all by yourself and in your condition" he protested, that was an irrational thing to do.

"Don't worry I'm fine, I'll use a taxi.."

"Nolan come on let's go it's late!" Carla called out, she was seated at the front seat of Nolan's car. While Nolan just stood at the door staring in a particular direction.

He was watching Layla, she was obviously sticking to the rule of going to work and returning separately. It was already late and it felt ridiculous to leave her all by herself.

"Layla.." he called for her as Layla tilted her head towards his direction.

"Do you need anything?" She inquired about it.

"Get into the car"