
###chapter One
******
"Forced to marry a cold werewolf prince, human doctor Cassie discovers a deadly secret: she's the mate he hunted. To survive his court's claws, she must heal their fractured bond—or destroy him with the scalpel he gifted her."
******

Cassie

"Stop fussing." Next to me, his back ramrod straight under his ill fitting suit my father growled. Reluctantly I forced my fingers to lose their death grip on the simple dress he had forced me to wear. Smoothing the material back over my thighs.
"I mean seriously Cassie you could at least pretend to be excited."
Side eyeing him I frowned. He needed to make his mind up. Either I was fidgeting too much with nerves or I wasn't excited enough.
Biting my lips I turned my attention back to the alter. We had been here an hour already. A whole sixty minutes of being alone with my father who hated my guts for no other reason than I was born a girl.
It was an hour too long.
"This is an important day." He continued to mutter out of the corner of his mouth. "And an honour. Do not ruin this for your family. You have to do your duty."
Again I remained silent. I had heard this spiel so many times before. First growing up when I had first found out the arrangement that would have me wed to the heir to the Lycan king and then later as an adult when it became obvious that he hadn't found his fated mate and the arrangement would go through. 
It was archaic. So old fashioned it should have been something I was reading about in a textbook and not living. 
"Yeah, I get that. Time for me to save the family." I couldn't help it. I rolled my eyes. Something I hadn't done since I was a teenager.
Next to me, my father growled low and hard. The hatred in it should have scared me but it didn't anymore. I'd been living with that hatred for years.
Pinching my chin between his thumb and forefinger cruelly he tilted my face up to his. 
"Enough of your back chat Cassie. You are an adult. You will do this for your family, for our good name."
Staring at him definitely I ripped my face from his hands and I growled up at him. He was a fine one to talk about the good name of our family. Him, who had lost our fortune and made us outcasts. Him that had abandoned me and my mother in her time of need to run away with a young she wolf who was more tits than brains. 
My father was everything a man shouldn't be and the last wolf in the world who should be lecturing me on what my duty was.
But he was the man who controlled the money and without his help, I didn't know how I would pay for my mother's medical bills.
"Yes, papa." I lowered my eyes slowly. I hated showing him any kind of submission but he was right. I did need to do this. Maybe not for the reasons he mentioned but for my mothers and it wouldn't be that bad. I would have been standing within the pack again and my mother would have the best medical care money could buy.
Behind me the door opened and heavy footsteps walked towards us. My father turned, dragging me by the hand so I could see my new mate for the first time.
My resolve shattered the moment I set eyes on the old man. 
He was ancient. Older than even my father. 
Dragging my hand from my father's I clutched the simple necklace between my fingers. Twisting the chain until it dug into my skin.
I couldn't do this. I couldn't. 
He was just too old.
How could I be expected to tie myself to someone who was the same age as my grandfather?
"Do not embarrass me." My father hissed.
"Is there a problem here?" Coming to a stop in front of me, the stranger studied my face. My thoughts must have been clear on my face because he cleared his throat loudly. "I am Casper. I am here on behalf of Gabriel. Unfortunately, the prince couldn't be here today but he sends his warm affections."
Letting out a sigh of relief I glanced between the two men.
"Shall we get started? I have a dinner reservation."
"Wait what?" Confused, I took a step back. My eyes locked on my father. "But the prince isn't here. How can we-"
"I will stand in and sign what needs to be signed on the prince's behalf. I already have his blood oath. It's not ideal but -"
"But how can this be legal? How can he want to marry me, mate me without even meeting me? He might not even like me?" I wailed.
Both men turned to me with bemused looks on their faces. "I can promise you this is perfectly legal and binding. Let's get on with things shall we."
The two men stepped forward together, chatting quietly and I could do nothing but stare at them. Surely this couldn't be real.
Did they really expect me to go through with this? Marry a man who was a literal stranger.
"Come Cassie. Sign here and then it is done."
Blinking wildly I stepped between them. Breathing heavily through my mouth I stared down at the scroll laid out before me. 
There was a splodge of blood under the prince's name. 
"Sign." 
Trembling so much I almost dropped the pen I signed my name next to his. 
"Cassie." My father's growling warning made me shake his bed. He wanted me to do something but I didn't know what it was.
Confusion clouded my thoughts.
"Oh, I swear you are as useless as your mother." Grabbing hold of my hand he brought it to his mouth. His teeth tore into my finger and blood bubbled up. He pressed my bloody finger to the paper.
Sealing my fate and tying me to a man who couldn't even be bothered to turn up to our wedding.
It was that simple.
That's quick.
"There." He dropped my hand like I disgusted him. And this time when he looked at me he didn't even try and hide his hatred. "It is done and you and your worthless mother are no longer my concern."
"Papa?" 
"No Cassie. You are so worthless not even your mate can stand to be in the same room as you. Such  a disappointment." He shook his head. "I am done with you."
"Papa please." Never once in my adult life had I begged him. Not once but I pleaded with him now. I begged him not to abandon us.
Walking away he didn't even turn around. He simply walked out to the church to meet his new wife and left me with the stranger who was staring at me with a look on his face that I couldn't read. 
"I uh-" I scrubbed at my face, smearing my make up under my eyes. 
"Is there somewhere I can drive you, Cassie?"
"I don't know." I managed to mumble. "Is the prince not meeting me?"
Something shifted in his eyes. "He will send for you shortly I am sure but now?"
"The hospital then." Drawing my shoulders back I stared at the door where my father had disappeared. I didn't need him. Or the prince for that matter. 
I would be just fine. I always was.
"If I'm not needed then I will go to work."



###chapter Two


Cassie


Finally, out of the confines of the god awful dress my father had chosen for my wedding, I let out a sigh of relief.
I was much more comfortable in scrubs. I had worked hard to earn them. This was where I belonged. In the hospital helping people. It wasn't as the pampered wife of a wolf prince who couldn't even be bothered to turn up to his own ceremony. Still working on my mating day wasn't what I had dreamt of as a little girl. 
Pushing the memories out of my head, I closed the desk drawer and stood up. Heading towards the door to begin my round. My hand had barely curled around the doorknob when it slammed open. Sending me flying backwards. There wasn't even any time to shout as a man crushed me to his chest. His hand was so tight over my mouth and nose that it was hard to breathe. 
Above me, the light popped and plunged the room into darkness.
"Quiet." 
I should have been terrified and my heart was beating fast but not because of fear. It was something else that was making it speed up.
The man holding me was a wolf. I sucked in a breath,  filling my lungs with the scent of him. He was also bleeding. The coppery tang of blood masked his real scent.
Closing my hands around his wrist I sighed at the feel of his pulse under my fingers. His heart was hammering away. Probably because of whatever was chasing him. 
I licked a long line up his palm before I could help myself. I didn't know why I did it but I knew he could feel it. In the darkness above me, the whites of his eyes flashed. Widening before he crashed his lips down onto mine.
It was the kind of kiss I had always dreamt of. Passionate and primal. It didn't even matter to me that I didn't know him or what he looked like. 
Moaning, I wrapped my arms around his throat and deepened the kiss more.
Dimply I became aware of heavy booted feet outside my closed door. Their whispered hisses is clear to my shifter heating.
"He definitely went this way." Someone whispered. "I saw him."
"Well, he's not here now. All I can smell is arousal."
Mocking laughter floated up. "I reckon two doctors are fucking down here. We should-" The voices grew fainter as they moved away.
Tearing my lips from the stranger I opened my mouth to tell him it was fine but no words left my lips. He was still holding me close. One hand on the small of my back, the other firmly over my ass to keep me flush to him. 
And I could feel him pushing against my lower stomach. 
I whimpered as a fresh wave of need flooded me. 
I was a married woman, I shouldn't want this stranger but I did. I wanted him with everything I had. 
I wanted his lips back on mine and that thick hard cock I could feel pressing against my stomach thrusting into me as I clung to him in ecstasy.
Surging upwards our lips met again. Coming together in a crashing kiss that clashed our teeth together.
Easily he lifted me. Catching me under the ass and walking me to the desk without once breaking the kiss.
Something glass shattered as he swiped his arm over it, making space to lay me down and then he was on top of me.
Full soft lips left mine, tracing down my jaw and over my throat. He licked and sucked and nipped. 
When he got to my breasts, cupping them I arched my back. Thrusting them out for him to feast on.
Over the thin fabric of my scrubs, he closed his mouth around my nipple and bit. His teeth worrying over the diamond's hard point.
It wasn't enough. I needed more.
I needed him. 
I was a married woman. A small voice inside of me seemed to say. Mated to a wolf who would one day rule over all of us.
To go any further with this stranger was wrong. It would ruin my family's good name once and for all. It could even risk our lives.
The stranger's lips found mine again. His hand reaching between our bodies. Every movement was so firm, so sure but gentle at the same time that I shivered with need.
I didn't care, I realised as my scrub pants were tugged down over my legs and he skipped between them. Drawing my thigh over his hip. 
"Oh." A breathy moan escaped my lips as he parted me with the tip of his thick cock. "Plea-"
I didn't get to finish. He speared me with one long brutal thrust. Filling me completely.
I had never felt a fullness like it. Wrapping my legs around his waist I clung to his shoulders.
Moving my body in time with his as he fucked me in the dark. His hot cinnamon scented breath blew across my face, across my throat and the swell
Of my breasts.
"Oh, goddess." His words were mumbled. "Fuck." Gripping me by the hips he slammed forward, wildly and my body met every thrust of his with one of my own.
"Oh oh, I'm going to-"Throwing my head back I bit back a scream as intense pleasure snapped inside of me. More intense than anything I had ever felt. 
It seemed to last forever but at the same time, it was over all too soon. I wanted it to go on forever. For this moment with this stranger to never end.
He fell over me,  capturing my face in between his hands and kissing me. From deep inside my body I could feel him twitch as his own orgasm flowed through him and into me.
"I will find you."
Confused, I reached for him. "What do you mean? Where are you going?" Pushing myself to sitting I watched as his shadow straightened his clothes. 
"I have to go but I will be back for you. I will find you."





###chapter Three
Cassie


Climbing off the desk I grimaced as a sharp stinging pain needled through my private parts. In the throes of passion, I hadn't felt any pain. There had been nothing but pleasure and need but that was gone now. 
Quickly replaced by shame.
Hastily I yanked up my pants, straightening my clothes back over my body and reached for my chair. I fell into it.
What had come over me? 
I had felt lust before but nothing like that. Nothing so overwhelming and I didn't even know his name or what he looked like. He had said he would come back to me but that was the worst possible thing he could do.
Leaning forward I dropped my head into my arms. I
Could never see him again. I was married to the prince. Trapped for life with a man I had never met. What had happened today could never happen again no matter how much I wanted it to.
Above my head, the lights burst into life and I threw up a hand to protect my eyes from the brightness that blinded me. Dizziness washed over me,  nausea rushed up my throat and I had to swallow it down.
"Are you sick?" The voice was feminine and familiar but not friendly.
My eyes still screwed up. I stared at my mother's doctor. The only other wolf on staff.  It should have made us friends but Megan had never been a friend to me. 
"No." Forcing myself to sit straight I smiled. "No, I am fine." I lied. "I just had a dizzy spell."
"I bet you did." A knowing smile spread across her hard face as she eyed the desk in front of me. "Today is a special day for you after all." She giggled. The sound grated on me but then everything Megan did annoyed me. If I didn't need her to take care of my mother I wouldn't speak to her at all.
"What are you doing here Megan?"
"To work." She pouted like even saying the words disgusted her. "Obviously. Why are you here on your special day Cassie?"
Frowning, I began to clear my desk. Straightening the picture frames and paperwork that had been scattered in my minutes with my mystery man. It gave me time to think of what to say and I needed every second. 
"You sent me a message, remember." I reminded her. "Saying you couldn't work so I came in."
Thick lashed eyes narrowed as she smirked at me. God, I hated her.
"Work." She giggled as she glanced at the desk. Her nostrils flared and I knew what she was smelling.
Sex.
It clung to the room. Thick and heady and unmistakable.
"Is that what you are calling it, Cassie." She laughed even harder and I blushed scarlet. 
"Well If you are here." Not wanting to spend another minute in her company I pushed my way out of my seat. "Then I'm going to head home. You're right I don't feel great. Can you ring me if anything changes with my mom?"
I asked the same thing every day but I knew deep down that nothing would change. My mother was comatose. In a coma for so long that she might as well have been dead. It was machines that kept her alive. Machines and me because I couldn't stand to be alone in the world without her.
It was selfish and I knew it. 
Megan's lips curled up in a sneer. "Sick." She rolled her eyes just like I had done earlier that day. "Of course you're sick. You get yourself home, you poor thing." Her voice dripped with sarcasm. "But you might want to cover the bite marks on your neck." She called out as I reached the doorway. "Because it looks very much like you've been doing something you shouldn't have been doing Cassie." She winked like we were two girlfriends sharing a secret. We weren't friends at all and it frightened me that she knew what had gone on only minutes ago. If she told anyone. My life would be over. 
"I don't know what you're talking about." I didn't bother to say goodbye. Crossing my arms around
My chest I rushed down the empty hallway towards the parking lot.
All I wanted to do was get home and shower. Shame ate away at me. I had betrayed my vows on the same day I had made them. What kind of woman did that make me?
And if Megan mentioned it to anyone then - I shivered. I couldn't think like that. If Megan said anything it would be my word against hers. No one had seen what had happened. No one but me and the stranger who I had let make love to me.
There were no witnesses.
No evidence.
My lips curled up in a wry smile. Well, none but the delicious ache between my thighs and the marks on my neck. 
All I had to do was get home and clean myself up. Washing any trace of him from my skin.
A wave of pleasure washed over me out of nowhere. Stumbling forward I caught myself on the wall.  Breathing heavily through my nose I closed my eyes.
It was like my memory was making me relive the pleasure. A little orgasm just by remembering.
I'd never heard of anything like that before. 
Finally, I straightened. I had to get home and clean myself up. I had to forget this had ever happened.
I had to.
But I didn't want to.
I didn't want to wash him from my body and I sure as hell didn't want to forget him.
Not ever but what other choice did I have? I could never see him again.
This had to be nothing more than a memory, a little act of rebellion.  Maybe a tiny bit of a fuck you to my father if i was honest with myself.
Because I was mated to the heir of the Lycan king and I had a feeling that he didn't share.


 ###chapter Four
Julian 


White hot pain splintered through my head. It wasn't dull like any headache I had ever had before.
Leaning forward, my elbows on the desk I fought back the urge to groan. 
I shouldn't feel like this. Even after everything that had happened yesterday, my wolf should have been healing me but honestly, I felt worse than I had when it happened.
Of course, maybe I had been so preoccupied by what had happened in the hospital after the attack that I hadn't really given myself a chance to feel lousy.
Another groan escaped my lips and this time I didn't even bother to try and stifle it. This wasn't a groan of pain though, it was a sound of frustration and memory.
The woman had saved me. The sweet smelling she wolf who had given me her body so passionately. I had never felt anything like it. For those passion filled moments, when her body was under mine and she had abandoned herself to me I had felt a connection like I had never felt before.
Someone rapped their knuckles on the wide wooden door of the office and I shook the memory away. 
I couldn't keep thinking about her when I had so much else to concentrate on. Plus it wasn't like I would ever find her again. All I knew was that she was a wolf and that she was working at the hospital. 
"Come in."
The man who stepped through the door was only a little older than me. I let out a sigh of relief at seeing him. My beta Ian was sometimes the only person I felt I could trust. The only one who understood me and what I was going through. 
"Alpha." He ducked his head in a small bow and then without asking permission fell into the chair opposite me. 
"Beta." I rolled my eyes. 
He continued to stare at me. "You look like shit Julian." He finally said with a chuckle.
Throwing back my head I laughed. "I feel worse I can assure you. What did you find out?" Suddenly serious,  I stared at him. 
He was the only one I could trust with everything that had happened yesterday. Including what had happened with the little she wolf.
He studied me for a second. "There's only two wolves on the hospital staff."
"Two?" I blinked at him in shock. I had presumed there would be more. Two was great news because one of those women was my mystery saviour. 
"Yes." Ian continued to study me. "And only one was on shift when you were there. I've had someone go and collect her for you."
"Good." I settled back.
"But- " Ian's gaze darted away. "Forgive me Julian but what do you expect to happen here? You got married yesterday. You have a mate now."
"Don't remind me." I shook my head. "I don't even know this woman and-"
"Are you talking about your wife or your mystery woman?" Ian asked sweetly and I couldn't help it. I burst out laughing. 
He had a point there. 
"What the hell am I going to do?"
"I have no idea Julian but I suggest maybe put women to the back of your mind for now and concentrate on more important things." He winked. "Someone tried to kill you yesterday."
"Yeah well," I shrugged. "Someone is always trying to kill me these days.."
We both laughed even though it was no laughing matter. It was the truth though. Someone was always trying to murder me. The attempts on my life had been happening since I was a child but last night had been close.
Too close.
"Tell me again what happened?"
I groaned. "Do you really need to hear it again?"
"Yes," Ian said sternly. And it instantly reminded me of why he was my Beta. He was my friend, yes but he was also great at being my second. A fierce fighter and a clever strategist. He would have made a good alpha in his own right but Ian had never wanted to lead.  "You can leave out the sex this time though."
Sighing, I leant back. "The elders were driving me insane." I shook my head. That was an understatement. "After the - disagreement about me going to the church."
His lips twitched upwards as he forced himself not to smile. Another understatement. It hadn't been a disagreement, it had been a full blown screaming match which had resulted in me storming out before I hurt someone. 
"You left, yeah I remember and you went."
"To a bar." I reminded him. "I can't remember which one but-"
He threw up a hand silencing me. "You don't know which one but somehow your enemies found you and poisoned you?" His voice was sharp.
"I don't know if I was poisoned but it was like I couldn't see straight and it's not like we can get drunk-" I laughed but there was no mirth in it. "And then," screwing up my eyes, my hands went to my head as fresh pain ripped through me. 
"You said before that it felt like you were going to pass out?"
Mutely I nodded. "Yeah." 
That was exactly how it had felt. Like my vision was swimming and reality had morphed into a dream.
"A poison made especially for you then." Ian nodded. "I'm guessing they didn't get the dose right and your wolf saved you. He's a powerful beast after all. What's worrying me is that they seem to be able to find you no matter where you go. Are you sure you didn't recognise them?"
I frowned. Did Ian think I had a traitor in my midst? That wasn't something I wanted to think about. "I don't think so. Rogues I believe."
"Rogues? Maybe but how would rogues be able to find you so easily? How- I'll check the cameras around the hospital." He mumbled to himself.
"There's no cameras in the hospital."
Ian didn't answer but the look he gave me was enough to answer enough. 
"They were tampered with?" I asked, my head falling into my hands. It was strange but I felt weird.  Not out of it like I had yesterday but suddenly weak. Even to my own fingers, I felt feverish. Which was impossible because as the heir to the throne, I was one of the strongest wolves in the country. I didn't get sick.
"Of course but I'm going to check the neighbourhood and-" he paused, his eyes narrowing. "You really don't look great Julian."
I wanted to tell him that I didn't feel great either but at that moment the door knocked again. It opened and a woman stepped through.
She was vaguely familiar. I had seen her before. Half rising out of my seat, I tried to catch her scent but her perfume was too strong.
"What is your name?" My hands curled around the desk to stop me from swaying. Standing up was a bad idea but I couldn't show any weakness. Not in front of anyone's.
"Megan, your Highness." The pretty woman dropped her chin into her chest. Her eyes lowered to the carpet and didn't move from that spot.
"You were working at the hospital yesterday?"
"Yes?" She mumbled. "Alpha." She added quickly.
I straightened, forcing my spine straight. "Then you are the wolf that saved me."
She slowly lifted her head, her eyes finding mine and widening. Hesitating, she paused and then a smile spread across her face. "Yes, I'm the one who saved you."


###chapter Five 
Cassie


I was halfway to the hospital for my late shift when my phone rang. Pressing the button my small car was suddenly filled with the deep booming sound of my friend Ford.
"Hey, Cassie."
"Hey, Ford." I hit the brake as the traffic crawled to a stop in front of me. Glancing at the clock. I wasn't going to be late because my shift didn't start for hours but I had wanted to spend those hours reading to my mother. It felt like I barely saw her these days and after everything that had happened recently, I just wanted to sit by her and tell her everything. Even if she couldn't wake up and make it all better it would make me feel better. Spending time with her always did. 
"How's things?"
He didn't say anything and when Ford didn't say anything it meant he wanted something from me.
"What is it this time?"
He chuckled down the phone. "You know me so well Cassie. I would handle it myself but I'm in surgery in half an hour and I can't get away." He sucked in a hissing breath. "It's a vip though."
I rolled my eyes. "Of course it is but why don't they just go to the hospital? Or send -"
"It's a very very special VIP. I wouldn't ask you to get involved if it wasn't important and you're the only person I trust with this. We have to be discreet and we both know Megan-"
"Say no more." I laughed. "Yeah, I'll sort it for you, just send me the address. I only have a few hours and I want to see my mother before work so it's best not to take too long."
"I owe you one Cassie."
"You owe me about a hundred by now, Ford." I reminded him with a laugh. 
"How is your mother?"
The laughter on my lips died. "The same as always."
"And your dad? Or is he the same as well?"
I didn't answer him. He knew the score.
"I'm sorry Cassie." He said quietly.
"Not your fault. Have you sent me the address?"
I didn't want to talk anymore. Especially not about the state of my family life. 
"Yeah, and thanks again, Cassie. You really are one in a million."
"Yeah, sure," I muttered as I ended the call and glanced down at my phone for the address. Which luckily wasn't far from here. Sighing I settled back and waited for the traffic to start moving again so I could turn and head towards the posh end of town.
It didn't take long, off of the main roads the traffic wasn't bad at all. Before I knew it I was pulling up to the gated compound of a mansion. One high up in the forest covered hills so I knew it was someone stinking rich and important.
Giving my name and why I was there I waited for the electric gates to open. It gave me time to fix the silk scarf I had tied around my throat to hide the bite marks on my skin. 
A man met me before I could step out of the car. Opening the door for me.
"You're the doctor?" He didn't wait for me to answer. "Follow me."
I did so dutifully. Glancing around the lavish furnishing as we walked through the beautiful house and up the stairs.
The room he led me to was in complete darkness. Even with my advanced sight, I could barely make out the figure of a man on the bed. He was nothing more than a shadow.
"I can't work in darkness." I made my way to the bed. No one moved to turn on a light and my temper snapped. "I need to be able to see my patient to treat him. Turn the damn light on or stop wasting my time."
Maybe I should have been more polite. The man on the bed was obviously someone important. 
There was the sound of rustling from the bed and then a click as someone flicked the switch and illuminated the room. 
I blinked trying to get my bearings. 
The man on the bed was shirtless, his naked chest perfectly tanned and chiselled. The kind of body that should have been gracing the cover of a fashion magazine. All hard lines and ridges. 
"Are you going to get on with it or are you just going to stare." 
Tearing my eyes away from his chest I stared at where his face should be but was instead greeted by a pile of cloth. His shirt I was guessing had been used to cover his face so I couldn't see him.
Frowning, I shook my head. Taking a seat on the edge of the bed I probed at the scratch that marred the perfection of his chest. 
"Claws?" I lifted my eyes but there was no one else in the room. Just me and him. "Was this done by claws or by a blade?" I asked the cloth. 
God, I hated this. Why did there have to be so much secrecy? It didn't make any sense. 
"Claws." He rumbled and his voice did something to my insides. I squirmed. Having those kinds of feelings was not professional and I had to control myself. 
"It's already healing." Frowning, I traced the mark. It wasn't bad. Not deep or long but there was sometimes about it that didn't sit right with me. The edges were mottled red and it was hot to the touch. In fact, his skin was as hot and sticky.
"But-" working on instinct I bent over him and sniffed the red scratch and my fears were right. It smelt wrong. Rotten but sweet. Like spoiling food.  I reeled backwards. 
"Poison."
"Yes, that's what we thought as well. Fix it." He commanded and I frowned. 
I hated bossy wolves. 
"I'll do my best." Wrinkling up my nose I began to pull things over my bag. 
"Your best?" He sneered. "You're the doctor, your job is to heal people so heal me."
I bit back the retort that was forming on my lips. Arguing with him wasn't going to help either of us.  
"It has to be some kind of poison designed for our kind otherwise you would have healed by now, so I'll take swabs and check it out but I should have some things up my sleeve to make you feel better until we can get the antidote or your wolf can heal you."
His wolf was strong. Stronger than any I had ever felt before. I could feel it pushing up against his skin, wanting to get out and it frightened me. Which didn't make any sense. I was a wolf, and so was he. Yet his scared me.
"They're done." I slipped the needle of medicine into the skin of his arm and stood. "There's nothing more I can do today but I'll have the lab check the swab and report my findings to Ford or-"
"This way please." 
I whirled as a small woman stepped through the door, her eyes glued to the floor like she was afraid to look at the bed.
Gathering up my stuff I followed the older woman out. 
"Do I need to remind you that-"
"No. You don't need to remind me. I will be discreet." I fought back the urge to roll my eyes. 
Just who was this guy? Someone genuinely important or just someone who thought he was. It was a question I probably would never get an answer to. 
"I'm not talking about discretion. I'm telling you not to mention this to anyone at all. They will kill you if you do." Without saying another word she slammed the door in my face, leaving me to stare up at the house with my mouth open.
Kill me?
Just who the hell were these people?



###chapter Six
Cassie


"Cassie," 
I paused, turning so sharply that my rubber soled shoes made an awkward squeaking sound on the corridor floor. 
"Hey there Mandy." I greeted the woman with a smile. She was a pencil pusher, the liaison between the wolf community and the humans. I wasn't even sure she was a shifter herself but she knew enough about us to be given this job and what was more I had always liked her.
"How are you?"
"Have you almost finished for the day? I need to talk to you about something-"Her eyes danced up and down the empty hallway and my heart sank. 
"Yeah," I half lifted the files in my hand. "I just need to " I was making an excuses as to why I didn't want to talk to her and that wasn't me. I just wasn't sure I could take any more weirdness.
Since the moment of my farce of a wedding had happened my life had been one weird event after another and I wasn't sure how much more I could take. 
"I need to talk to you in private Cassie."
I sighed, my fingers fiddling with the scarf around my throat. I hated wearing it, it might look jaunty and cute but it was itchy and I hated it. Not that I would ever dare walk around with my neck on show. Not until those marks had disappeared which shouldn't take long luckily. I was a little surprised they were still there as it was.
"Ok." I forced myself to smile as she began walking towards her office and like an obedient dog I followed after her. That's all I seemed to be doing recently. What I was told. I had literally turned into an obedient dog. 
"Take a seat."
I hesitated. Mandy's voice was all business. Totally different to her usual friendly tone. It made me even more nervous. "What's going on Mandy?" Reluctantly I took the seat and waited.
"I wanted to talk to you about your place in the Royal Lycan medical unit."
My head snapped up and I found myself smiling before I could help myself. Only the best of the best got in. I'd applied years ago straight from school and been turned down because I didn't have the experience. I had that experience now and what was more I was an amazing doctor. A gifted one. I had been promised that a place within the unit was mine on the next rotation.
"They have decided to offer the spot to Megan."
It was like someone pulled the rug from under my feet. I blinked rapidly at her in shock. Positive that I hadn't heard her right. 
"I beg your pardon."
"I'm sorry Cassie."
I sank into the seat, literally curling up on myself. This couldn't be happening. But it was. Deep down I knew she wasn't lying to me. This was actually happening. 
Pursing my lips I blew out a breath. My eyes stung with tears that I refused to let fall. I wouldn't cry in front of her. 
"I'm sorry Cassie." Reaching across the desk she handed me a tissue and I blotted my eyes. "I know how much you wanted into the unit."
I had wanted it. It was my life goal ever since I had been a kid. The Royal Lycan medical unit was my dream. They did important and groundbreaking work there. Work that might one day help my mother. And now that dream was gone. Snatched from right beneath my nose by a wolf who wasn't even half the doctor I was. 
None of it made sense.
"Can I ask why?" I didn't mention Megan's name but I wanted to. 
Mandy's eyes moved around the office. "Believe me it's not because she is more suited for the role. And I have let them know that you are the better candidate but-" Her shoulders slumped as she shuddered. "Someone important put her name forward and he outranks me. I'm sorry Cassie but there's nothing I can do. Maybe the next intake-"
I shook my head, cutting her off. "We both know it won't happen then. I'll be too old. Who put her name forward?" 
"Julian, the prince," Mandy whispered.
Julian? My eyes widened. My husband. The one I had never met and who hadn't even bothered turning up to sign the contracts.
Heir to the throne of the Lycan king?
My mouth fell open but no words came out. Not even a squeak. 
"I don't know how he knows Megan but he was insistent."
I'd heard enough. Pushing back the chair I stood up and her sympathetic eyes followed me. 
"I am really sorry Cassie."
"It's fine." I lied because it really wasn't fine at all but there was nothing I could do about it. Not if Julian himself had put Megan in my spot.  
The real question was why? Why would he do that? And how the hell did Megan know my husband well enough that she got the place meant for me?
In my pocket, my cell phone began to ring shrilly and I recognised it as the ringtone I had put on for my father.
My heart sank even more.
Talking to my father was the last thing I wanted to do.
"I have to take this."
From behind her desk, Mandy nodded.
Without looking back I walked away. Pressing the phone to my ear I took a deep breath and answered him.
"Hi, Dad." My footsteps as I headed towards my office and the sanctuary it would offer me were loud. It was like the hospital had just turned deathly silent. "How are you?" I forced myself to ask. 
"You are being picked up this evening."
I froze. "What do you mean picked up?"
"Your husband has arranged a car and a driver to come and collect you and take you home."
There was no warmth in his voice. Hell, he hadn't even said hello or asked how I was. But that was typically him. 
He just didn't care enough to make even polite small talk. 
"I am more than capable of getting myself home." I snapped straight back. When it came to him I just couldn't help myself. I always snapped back. "I have a car and have been driving myself home for years. I know the way."
"You're going to the home he has chosen for you. The one you will share with your husband and raise your pups."
Pups? I swallowed hard. I didn't want pups, especially not with a man I had never met but was somehow tied to. But it did remind me that I had to take the vial that was in my bag. The contraceptive that meant there would be no unwanted pregnancies after what had happened yesterday. 
"Your belongings have already been packed up and moved so you should find everything you need."
I shook myself. "You can't be serious?"
Except I knew he was. When it came to my life my father was always serious. It didn't matter to him if I hated what was happening to me. All he cared about was regaining the prestige our family had once had within the Lycan king's court. I didn't care about any of that. 
I cared about my life though and at the moment it felt like everyone was having a say in it but me.
"Deadly serious Cassie and don't you dare make a scene when you get there. Do your duty to your family and give your husband heirs. I know you aren't the submissive type."
I could almost hear the sarcasm in his voice. Like somehow not being submissive made me a bad person. But of course, to him it probably did. He hated that I had my own mind. He hated it almost as much as he hated the fact I wasn't a boy.
"But around Julian, you do as you're told. Be a good mate otherwise -" he laughed a mirthless almost ruthless laugh. "Well you wouldn't want your mother to suffer would you?"
"No," I whispered. "No, I don't want her to suffer."
"Then be a good wife to him. Do as you're told and don't make any problems and your mother's medical bills will continue to be paid." He didn't even take a breath before continuing. "A woman named Cathy will meet you there and get you settled in. Don't let me down Cassie, I'm warning you."


###chapter Seven
Cassie 


"Cathy." Kicking off my shoes I called for the old Omega who ran the house that I was now living in. 
Alone.
I lived in a big sprawling mansion, full of the most beautiful things, alone. Hell, the place was so big that I was sure I hadn't even seen all the rooms yet.
It was just me and Cathy, the housekeeper even though she didn't like being called that because yet again my new husband hadn't actually turned up yet.
It had been days and he hadn't even shown his face. 
Which told me all I needed to know about him. 
Padding through the house on my bare aching feet I pushed my way into the kitchen. Where I knew the old lady would be.
I couldn't blame her for spending her time in the kitchen though, it was the nicest room in the entire house. Full of light thanks to the fact that one wall was entirely windows that were pushed back to let in the late evening sunshine and the scent of pine trees that surrounded the gardens and marched up the hills behind us.
Sighing happily I slipped onto one of the stools. "Sorry, I'm late. I hope I haven't ruined dinner." Reaching down I began to rub the soles of my feet. Trying to ease away the ache in them. "It was a shift from hell, last minute intake from an accident." I screwed my face up at the memories. "Bad car crash." My eyebrows pinched together. "All of them were human. They are so fragile. I wish they would look after themselves more." 
The sights would haunt me for a long time but helping people was one of the reasons I had become a doctor. 
"And then I went home." I carried on. It was strange because I didn't usually talk too much but I liked Cathy and she always listened to me. Since I had arrived we had eaten together every evening. Until tonight anyway. I was late and I wasn't sure she had eaten without me. 
Her eyes snapped up. A line appeared between her eyebrows as she stared at me.
"I mean my other home." I rushed to say. "And then I sat there and cried because I don't live there anymore. I live here." I motioned around me. "And here is beautiful but it's not home."
Deep lines appeared around her eyes as they softened. "You will come to think of it as home."
I shrugged self consciously. I seriously doubted that but I couldn't say that out loud. She was very proud of this place and it would hurt her. That was the last thing I wanted to do.
"Anyway," I said in a rush. "Then I hit rush hour traffic trying to get back across town and I missed dinner and I'm so sorry. I know you would have made something delicious and-
Reaching across the marble island she patted my hand. "You are so unhappy, Cassie."
"I'm not. Honest." I lied.
"You're a lousy liar Cassie!" She chuckled. "I would like to play poker with you."
I couldn't help it, I smiled. 
"Why are you so unhappy here? I hear you crying sometimes at night and I just don't understand it. You are young and beautiful, you have a great job. I know your family life isn't all it could be but life is what you make of it and from where I'm sat you could have a great life."
Turning my hand over in hers I squeezed her fingers. "You're right Cathy. Sometimes I just forget how fortunate I am." Smiling, I settled back against the stool back. "At least it's just us girls, hey." I joked. "No men. I think I could get used to that and be happy. I like living with you."
A look of panic swept across her face. One that I didn't understand until a deep booming voice chuckled. "It sounds like I am not welcome in my own home. That my presence isn't needed?"
Whirling I came face to face with my husband for the first time. Except it wasn't the first time I realised. I had seen him before, at a ball many years ago. I just hadn't known it was him. 
He was staring at me now. His face is open and hostile. Sat on one of the chairs on the patio outside he had a table full of food spread out before him and a glass of wine half drunk next to his elbow.
I blushed. How had I not sensed him at all because now I could see him he was all I could feel. The power coming off of him was like nothing I had ever felt before.
Deep inside of my wolf whined pitifully and the sound escaped my human lips. Making me blush even harder.
"I'm sorry I didn't realise you were "
He motioned towards the chair opposite him and I frowned. What was it with people demanding I sit opposite them recently? 
"That I would come to my own home? Why not? I live here. Now sit. We have things to discuss."
I wanted to remind him that he hadn't been living here at all when I moved in. I had looked and there were no man's belongings here at all. Just mine. 
"Yes Julian, I didn't mean." I began to say and trailed off as he tapped his fingers on a stack of neatly printed papers.
My stomach did a flip flop. I knew what they were. 
"Please -"I began to say and stopped myself. 
"I want you to sign these papers Cassie." His voice was harsh but his eyes were almost soft as they roved across my face and down my body. "Neither of us wanted this union. Hell, I didn't even know what you looked like, not until after anyway." A small smile twitched up the corners of his mouth. "But I can't stay married to a stranger and I know you feel the same. So sign the termination papers and the contract will be voided." He sipped at his wine. Watching me from the rim of the crystal glass. "Sign and set us both free."


###chapter Eight
Cassie 


Stumbling forward I fell into the wicker seat and reached for the wine. Pouring myself a glass before downing half of it.
And the entire time my eyes were on the stack of papers. 
All it would take was me picking up the pen he had laid on top and signing a few papers and I would be free. This would all be behind me.
And goddess I wanted that. I wanted this all to be over so I could go back to my real life. 
Except deep down I knew it would never ever be the way it used to be. My father's cruel words echoed in my mind. He wasn't joking when he had said he would pull the funding from my mother's care if I messed this up. In that regard, he was a man of his word and there was no way I could afford her medical bills alone. 
I didn't make that much money. 
Shuddering I took another sip of the clear golden liquid. Letting it settle on my tongue before I swallowed it down.
What was I going to do?
"Typical."
My eyes darted up to meet his and the look of open hostility made me choke on my own saliva. Why did it look like he hated me? There was so much anger and dislike in his dark eyes that I paled.
"I should have known you were just like the rest of your family."
My own anger bubbled up to meet his. So hot that my voice shook. "What exactly does that mean?"
"You know what I mean Cassie. From all accounts, you're a clever woman." He retorted.
I remained silent. Yeah, I knew what he was getting at but I wanted him to say it. 
"You're family are filth! Money grabbing filth and-"
"Don't you dare-"
He rose up from his chair. Knocking the table so the papers, wine and my purse clattered to the ground. 
"You're family are money grabbing nobodies." He spat, the disgust clear on his face and in his voice. "And you're no different are you? Why would you think I would want to stay married to a woman-" He trailed off, his eyes on the spilled contents of my bag. 
Seeing what he was looking at I made a grab for it but he got there first. Picking up the vial he glared at it. Turning it over and over in his hand.
"What is this?"
"It's nothing.." I made another grab for it. My fingertips touched his but he closed his hand around it and moved it out of my reach. 
"Please Julian," I begged. Maybe if I was nice, maybe if I begged and was submissive like a good she wolf should be then he would give it back. I had completely forgotten it was still in my bag. "It's private."
Dark eyebrows shot down, knotting over his brow and a low growl rumbled up his chest and out of his full lips. I'd never had any man but my father growled at me before. My father had scared me as a child but Julian's growl terrified me.
And turned me on.
I realised and hated myself. Him being all growly and alpha male was really getting my wolf going. She whined in need and it slipped from my lips.
Goddess, Sometimes I hated my wolf. She was the complete opposite of me. She wanted to submit. And what was worse she wanted to submit to him. The beast I was married to.
The damn Lycan Prince.
But prince or not what he had in his hands was my private property and he would give it back. I had rights even though I was his wife.
"Give it back to me. Now!"
He ignored me completely. Staring down at the vial he read the tiny label out loud. His voice grew angrier and angrier.  "Take within seventy two hours." His eyes lowered to mine. "This is-" his voice rumbled through his chest.
"It's nothing."
"It's contraceptives." Slowly he dropped his hand to his side. Closing his fist around it. "And it was issued not that long ago. So you have been unfaithful?"
I started shaking my head but I couldn't deny it because it was true. I had gone against the vows that bound me to him. 
"When did this happen? When did you sleep around?" Like he had plucked the date from my head like a mind reader. He continued. "The night or day of our wedding? That's when wasn't it?"  
"I never wanted to marry you," I whispered before I could stop myself. 
With a roar, he took the nearest thing to him. The wine glass he had been drinking from and threw it. It smashed on the floor, showing my feet with tiny shards of crystal. 
"Whore." He screamed into my face. His spit hitting my face and I could do nothing but take it. My whole body shaking with fear and anger. "You're a money grabbing whore."
He stalked away and I didn't move until I heard the front door slam shut. It was only then that the tears came.  Falling to my knees I began to pick up the broken crystal. 
"Let me do that Cassie," Cathy said from behind me. I shook my head, not trusting myself to speak. 
"Come on sweet girl." Tenderly with her hands under my elbows, she lifted me back into my seat and pushed my wine glass into my hands. "Have a drink and take a deep breath."
I did what she asked me to do like a robot. It was like I couldn't think straight. 
That had gone from bad to worse so quickly that I didn't quite know what had just happened. 
"He's not a bad man."
I blinked down at her, her words pulling me out of the shock that was freezing me in place. Not that bad? I didn't know how she could say that with a straight face. 
Julian wasn't just a bad man, he was a monster. A beast with no self control. 
I couldn't stay married to a man like that. Not even to keep my mother safe and comfortable. I would have to find another way. 
"I mean it, Cassie. He's not -"
I stood up and stepped passed her. I'd heard enough. "I'm going to my room. Thank you for clearing the glass up."
"Let me prepare you some dinner and-"
"I'm not very hungry right now but thank you. I think I'll just spend the evening in my room."
I needed alone time because I needed to find a way to get out of this marriage so I never had to see that man ever again.


 ###chapter Nine
Cassie

I was still angry the next morning. Only now I was angry and tired and that was never a good thing to be. Add that to the fact that I hadn't had breakfast because I couldn't be sure if Julian had come back and was sitting waiting to ambush me with his unfounded accusations again.
Of course, my lips twisted ruefully as I slipped from the car and headed towards the hospital entrance and the start of my shift. One of the accusations hadn't been wrong. I had cheated on him and on our wedding night. 
He hadn't even turned up for a wedding though, not even to sign the contacts so it couldn't actually be called a wedding night. 
Not that was any excuse. 
No. I shook my head as I walked into the cool corridors and towards my office. He could never find out the truth. He could suspect all he wanted but he couldn't find out. If he did, my life would be over.
Hell, maybe my life as I knew it was already over. He wanted a divorce and we hadn't even claimed each other. I would have nothing.
Nothing but my freedom anyway. And I was beginning to think that was enough. Or it would be if my mum didn't need me to stick this out.
Slotting the key into the lock I stared around the office. Everything was as it should be and I let out a sigh of relief. This was the only sanctuary I had now. The only place I could be myself and breathe. Plus I had a stash of protein bars in my desk drawer. I had learnt quickly in my career to keep food I could eat on the go. I needed one of those bars now and a large coffee as well. Then I could go about my rounds and forget that I was unhappily married to the heir of the wolf king.
Even the thought made me groan. I was the wife of the wolf prince. It was something most young wolves would dream of. I was a princess. And yet I was so unhappy I could cry.
How could a fairytale go so wrong?
Maybe I wasn't in a fairytale at all but a horror story. Julian was definitely the bad guy though. 
"Cassie, I need you."
My head snapped up to meet those of Mandy's. She looked worried. And it showed in her eyes. Instantly I was on my feet. "What's happened? Has there been another accident?" Usually, I could pick up on the bustle of the accident room one floor under my office when there had been. Even before any patients had arrived but the hospital today felt quiet.
"No," Mandy chewed on her lip. "It's in the annex -"
The annex. What we called the werewolf and shifter part of the hospital. Connected but at the same time now. The annex was where the paranormal community were treated. 
"I see. I'll be there-"
"Now Cassie." She snapped and I glanced at her quickly. I had never heard her sound like that before. 
I gave one forlorn look at the desk drawer than held the protein bars and followed after her.
"What's going on?" 
For several long seconds as my feet squeaked on the floor she didn't speak. "I don't know. Honestly, I don't know what's going on. But he's hurt and he's important. This is a diplomatic situation and -"
I did a double take. Was this very important person the same person I had treated not long ago? The one that was so important that he had covered his face so I couldn't see his identity. Or was it someone else?
How many VIPs were getting hurt and coming to me? 
It wasn't the same person. 
Or at least I didn't think it was. The width of the shoulders was wrong. 
"Good morning." Forcing a professional smile onto my face I started to cross the room and halfway across the room froze. 
The moment his eyes had lifted to watch me it had felt like I was moving against quicksand. His eyes were too dark. Like looking into bottomless pits.
"Well." He leaned back on the bed and smiled. "You are definitely what I was expecting."
I frowned. What did he mean by that? Not that I would ever ask him. It wasn't my place to question patients about anything apart from what ailed them.  And it was pretty clear what was wrong with him. The left arm of his pale blue shirt was stained heavily with blood.
"You were expecting a male doctor?" Scooting a small stool over to the bed I took a seat and reached for his arm.
"No." 
I could feel his eyes on me but I didn't look up at him. My eyes were trained on the gash in his arm. "Sorry Mr-"
"Bill. My name is Bill." He answered softly. 
"Well Bill, I'm going to have to take a better look at your arm. Could you possibly-" I made a motion with my hand that swept up and down his body and blushed. 
I never blushed at work. I wasn't asking him to strip off for me, I was asking to look at the wound.
"Of course." He jumped up and it put my head in a very awkward position. Forcing me to scoot backwards on the stool so my face wasn't pressed against his groin.
"And you are Cassie right?"
"Yes." The moment his shirt was off I had his arm back in my hands. Probing at the ragged edges of the cut that dissected the length of the forearm from wrist to elbow.
"You're lucky you didn't bleed out." And he was lucky. 
"I don't think luck had much to do with it. My alpha power is -"
My head snapped up. "Alpha power?" I frowned. "Alphas have powers?"
Even as I said the words I knew how stupid it sounded. "So your alpha Bill?" I giggled and I didn't know why. 
"Yes and yes." His thumb moved and stroked across my palm so suddenly that I wasn't sure it had happened until he did it again. "What is your power, Cassie? I had always been told it was your healing but now I'm starting to think it's your beauty."
Moving my hand away, I threw my head back and laughed. "And maybe your power is flirting?" I teased. "But I can assure you I don't have any powers. Just a normal wolf.
"A beautiful-"
"You should see me first thing in the morning-" I said and instantly regretted it. That sounded too much like flirting.  "And as for the healing. I went to school for a long time. This isn't a magical power. It is years of training." Pulling out some bandages, I began to unravel them. "This is already starting to heal but I will cover it and come back later to check. There's some discoloration and I don't want any infection to take hold. This was made my claws right? Another wolf?" I lifted an eyebrow. 
What was going on in the community recently? All the upper classes seemed to be fighting each other.
"Oh, I think it's more than training and med school Cassie." Suddenly he caught hold of my wrist.  His fingers were tight around my skin so I couldn't yank my hand away but not so tight that he was hurting me. "Like you knew there was an infection in my blood. You knew what was wrong and why I was here."
"You are here for me to dress your wounds." I began to say but stopped. 
That wasn't true. 
"What do you feel now?"
"Uncomfortable," I murmured. 
He laughed, a loud booming sound that seemed to vibrate through the room and into my body. Heat flowed down through my arm. 
"Look." He whispered in a hiss. "I was right."
Following his gaze I gasped. The fire that had been flowing down my arm had magnified at my fingertips. They were glowing with a soft warm light.
Using all my strength I tore my hand away. Breathing heavily.
"What was that?"
Dark eyes met mine. "Your power. Or the start of them anyway. I really think-" he grinned. "You should be somewhere that will nurture your natural gifts Cassie and that place isn't here." He looked around with scorn. Like the state of the art building was beneath him. "I can help you with that. A job, a home, a pay rise." He winked. "The chance to start a new life." Again he reached for me. Pulling me slightly closer. So my thighs bumped into his knees. 
"I think you would be happy in my pack Cassie. Ig would be a chance to grow after the set back with the unit."
"You heard about that?"
"Yes, the prince pulled some strings for his-" he shook his head. "Well, their loss I hopefully my gain. Think about it Cassie, I really do believe we could have a very-"
"Well isn't this cosy?" Julian's booming voice spoke from the doorway.
I jumped back like I had been electrocuted. 
"As professional as I expected."
Ignoring my husband I turned towards the door, skirting around his hulking body that seemed to fill the room. 
"Why are you here?" I countered. It was bad enough that I had to be married to him and live in his house. The last thing I needed was for him to start turning up at my place of work.
I needed some kind of break.
"I am here to make sure Bill is being properly cared for." He smirked at me. "Which of course I can see you are taking extra special care of him." His voice dripped with sarcasm.
"Nothing but a misunderstanding I assure you, Julian," Bill said smoothly. 
"I have to start my rounds now." I couldn't stand to be in this room one second longer. I didn't know whether it was testosterone or something else that cackled the air around us but it was making me feel uncomfortable. "But I'll be back before the end of my shift to make sure there's no sign of infection. It was nice to meet you, Alpha Bill."
He beamed a smile at me and between us, Julian growled low in his throat.
"Your Highness." I ducked my head in a small bow towards my husband and made my escape. 
I just wanted to get away from him. 
Luckily soon I would get the chance to actually be free for a few hours. The full moon was almost upon us and I couldn't wait to run and set my wolf free.
But until then I would be polite to him. What other choice did I have? 


###chapter Ten
Cassie 


Holding my mother's cold hand in mine I stiffened. The warmth that I had felt early that day when I had been treating Alpha Bill was running down my arm again. Not as painfully as it was but it was still there.  Burning and uncomfortable but somehow I couldn't seem to stop. Even if I wanted to, I didn't let go of my mother's hand. 
I had been thinking about what he had said all day. Did I have some kind of gift?
At the end of the day it didn't really matter why I suddenly seemed to have glowing fingers. I had much more important things to concentrate on. And the woman on the bed was my main priority. 
I missed my mum, and I wanted her to wake up. No one know why she was in a coma. I had my suspicions both as a doctor and as her daughter but they weren't exactly medical, so I kept them to myself.
"Come on mamma." I whispered the old childhood name I had for her.  I always slipped up and called her that when we were alone. Probably because I needed her more than ever. 
My life was spiralling out of control. I had lost the job of my dreams and I was now married to a man who hated me. 
It was all such a mess and I needed my mum to make it better.  That's what mums were there for right? 
"I need you."  Screwing my eyes up I filled my brain with memories of happier times and they were so clear that I could almost smell the sunshine in the leaves as we played together. I didn't even know how old I had been on that day. Probably no more than twelve. We had been - I frowned with my eyes closed. I couldn't remember where I had been. All I remembered was that I had been happy. The last time I had been truly happy with both my parents. Before it had all changed. 
"Cassie?" There was a small tapping sound on the door and the warmth in my body returned to normal. The golden glow blinked out of existence. 
"Hey." I nodded to the nurse who was hovering in the doorway. 
"Sorry I didn't mean to disturb you. It's just there's someone Mandy wants you to see before you leave. I can sit with her if you like." Walking into the room she stared down at my mother. Cocking her head to the side she frowned. 
"I'm going to - just check."
I was up and out of the seat in an instant. Staring down at my mother with eyes that seemed to be hazy. "Why what's wrong? Has something changed?"
Smiling, the nurse turned to me. "She looks different don't you think? Better?" Reaching out she pressed her hand to my mothers cheek. "She has colour in her face."
Did she? I frowned. "Maybe a little." I admitted softly.  "Yes." I began to nod my head because the nurse was right she did look better. Almost like she was just asleep. The sallow yellowness was gone from her skin.
She looked . Healthy.
"Go and do whatever it is that Mandy wants you do Doctor Cassie." The nurses lips twitched. "I'll do some checks on our sleeping beauty here."
"Ok and thank you. Let me know -"
I didn't get to finish as she slipped into my spot by my mothers side. Part of me didn't want to go but I had to check on the alpha called Bill before I went home.
My lips thinned into a sneer as I walked down the empty corridors. Home. It was funny to call it that when I was never going to be comfortable there. It wasn't my home. It was my marital prison. I'd been forced to give up my home when I had been married.
Maybe I would just start sleeping in my office.
No one stopped to chat to me as I moved through the hospital, across the small court yard and into the annex. It was even more quiet here. So quiet that I frowned.
You could hear a pin drop.
Inside me my slumbering wolf raised her head and sniffed the air whining.  She didn't want me to any further and I didn't know why. 
"Sssh now." I whispered to myself as another whine escaped my lips.
What the hell was that all about?
Pushing my way into the private room I plastered my face with my work smile. The one that was all forced and toothy.
"Cassie." He was reclining on the bed. His bandaged arm thrown over his eyes like he was shielding them from the lights. "You came back."
Laughing I crossed the space between us. "Yes I said I would. It's my job. Let's have a look at your arm?" I tried to force his arm down and he groaned again. 
Stepping back I frowned. "You are in pain?"
"The lights are splitting my head wide open." He muttered. 
"Ok, let's dim these for you." I quickly turned the lights down before moving back to him. "Is that better?" Holding his arm tenderly in my hands I began to unwind the bandages.
"Much."
Something in his voice made my head snap up. His eyes which only seconds before had been hazy with pain were clear.
Clear and bright with his wolf.  
"Much more intimate-" He crooned. 
"What-" I didn't have a chance to finish the sentence as a fine mist from a tiny spray bottle was sprayed into my face. 
Instantly my vision swam. It was like I was drunk. I wanted to ask what the hell he had just squirted me with but my tongue felt thick and swollen. 
There was no pain but the effects of it was instant.
My legs bucked as if my body was suddenly to heavy. Easily Bill caught me. Lifting me like I weighed nothing at all.
I felt the soft sheets of the bed as he laid me down. 
"That's better." Almost tenderly he caressed my face, pushing my hair back so he could bring his lips to my throat.
I stiffened as realisation hit me. I didn't know what he had sprayed on me but I knew why. 
He needed me like this. Unable to fight back because my limbs were too heavy.  It didn't take a genius to know what his intentions were.
"Stop." My voice sounded funny but at least I could talk again and if I could talk then I could call for help.  
"Sssh now." He rolled on top of me. Half crushing my body under his much bigger one. And he was so heavy that I could barely breathe . "Just relax. You're so beautiful." Bill's lips moved over my throat and trailed down and at the same time his hands roved upwards.
Tugging my blouse out of my trousers so he could slip his hands up and under it. His fingers spread wide as he ran them over the skin of my ribs and further up. 
"No." I thrashed. My heavy arms tried desperately to push him off of me. I didn't want him to touch me. 
"Stop fighting." He growled out as his hand closed over my bra and squeezed.
I would never stop fighting, not ever. I wasn't some timid she wolf who would roll over and give in to his demands.  
Opening my mouth wide I began to scream , loud agonised cries that seemed to echo around the quiet annex. I called out for help , the hospital was full of people and someone was bound to hear me and some to help me and the entire time I struggled against him. 
I might not be fighting for my life but I was fighting for my virtue. I would not let this man use my body for his own twisted gratification.
My fist made contact with the side of his throat and alpha bill grunted and reared back. My blouse ripped, the bottoms scattered.
Bills lips thinned and pulled back over his teeth as he snarled into my face.
His fist smashed downwards. And my vision turned black for a second as it came crashing down into the side of my head. 
"It didn't have to be this way Cassie. I didn't want to hurt you." Again his fist made contact with my temple and I went limp. The fight left me as I sagged backwards. 
"Stop fighting."

###chapter Eleven 
Julian



"She was pretty much in his lap." From the back seat of my car I growled out. 
From the drivers seat Ian tapped on the steering wheel but didn't say anything. He usually got quiet when I got like this. The anger of what I had seen earlier was still eating me up inside and I didn't really know why.
It shouldn't have come as a surprise to me at all.  Cassie had already broken her vows to me.
So did you, my wolf seemed to mumble in my head. Hypocrite.
I pushed him back down. Now wasn't the time to be logical.  Cassie was insufferable and I wanted rid of her before she drove me crazy. 
"Are you evening listening to me Ian?" I barked. Usually I could cope with his silence but not today. Today I needed him to agree with me. 
"Yes Alpha." He mumbled and the tone of his voice just made me angrier.
"Fuck off with the alpha stuff Ian." I snapped. "You never call me alpha when we are alone. We are friends."
Ian's sigh was loud.  "Fine as your friend I heard you Julian. You got jealous and have been snappy and an asshole ever since."
"Jealous." I said the word like it was a curse. "I am not jealous."
"No?"  In the rear view mirror his eyebrows arched. "You could have fooled me Julian." He went back to staring at the road and the rain that was pelting downwards. It was coming down so heavy that it was impossible to see more than a few feet away. 
"I was not jealous."
"Of course not." He mumbled again. "Damn this weather." He shook his head. "It's really coming down. Maybe we have a big storm coming in."
He was trying to change the subject but I couldn't let it go. "I mean it Ian. Why would I be jealous that  Cassie-"
"Oh I don't know Julian," he shrugged his wide shoulders. "Maybe because she's your wife and you've never been very good at sharing what belongs to you. Maybe-" he tapped the steering wheel. "Maybe you like her more than you want to admit."
"She drives me crazy."
"Exactly. I mean if you didn't care you wouldn't be acting like this."
"Like what?" My eyebrows disappeared into my hairline. 
"Like a scorned lover. Everyone knows what Bill is like. His reputation with the ladies is notorious. He probably tried it on. Did you even ask her or did you fly off the handle?"
I fell silent.  Blowing out a breath I closed my eyes. Could that be true? Had I flown off the handle because seeing them together had caused me to get jealous. 
"You think?" I finally asked.
"Yeah. I've spoken to a few people about Cassie and they all say she is a solid person. A good person."
"But her father?"
"She isn't her father Julian." He reminded me. "I think you might owe her a chance."
"And probably an apology." I admitted. "Damn it."
Staring out the window I finally came to terms with what I was feeling. I didn't like it much but at least I admitted it to myself. 
I owed Cassie a chance. Maybe she would surprise me.
"Guess I should-"
Ian's eyes crinkled. "I'll turn the car around and take you back to the hospital. She should still be there."
I lapsed into silence as he turned randomly amid a  chorus of car horns.
The trip back took a lot less time than I had thought. 
"Want me to wait?"
Ignoring Ian I slammed the car door shut and headed towards the small hidden door of the annex. 
And with each step my wolf became more and more aggravated. Pacing up and down and trying to break free of my human skin. 
Pushing into the annex i froze as the sound of screaming hit my ears and I instantly and instinctively knew who was screaming.
Cassie.
She was in here somewhere and in trouble. My wolf had sensed the danger before we had even left the car. That's why he was acting like a feral beast.
It took me a second to pinpoint exactly where the commotion was coming from but when I did that wasn't a huge surprise either.
Alpha Bills room.
Sprinting full speed down the hallway I crashed into the room and the sight that greeted me stopped me in my tracks.
He was on the bed , straddling someone beneath him. His fist smashed down into her temple again and again but even as he beat her she kept fighting.
Fighting and screaming for help.
Closing the gap between us I grabbed at the collar of his shirt and yanked him backwards.  
Bill fell to the floor and rolled growling to his knees. 
"What the hell-" I began to say but one look at Cassie lying dazed and bloody on the bed and I knew what he had been trying to do.
Her blouse was ripped , showing her bra which had been yanked down to show her breast. There were marks on her neck as if he had been kissing her roughly and then top button of her trousers was undone.
If the state of her clothes weren't bad enough. My eyes found her face. There was a spreading bruise on her face where he had hit her.
The look in her eyes was glassy. 
"You asshole ." It wasn't jealousy that deepened my  voice. It was bone crunching rage. No one woman should ever be subjected to what Cassie had. Fisting his shirt in my hand I lifted him into his face was level with mine and smashed my closed fist into it again and again.  The bones crunched and his lip split as I pummeled him. 
"How dare you touch her, how-" disgusted I threw him from me. "Get out. Out of town and out of my territory.  Our partnership is over." I growled and it was taking everything I had not to let me wolf out to deal with him. If I did there would be a blood bath. "Leave before this turns into a diplomatic incident."
Turning away from him was dangerous but that's what I did. From behind me I heard him scuttle away.
"Are you ok?" Tentatively I reached out but stopped before I could touch her.
Cassie just lay there and stared up at the ceiling, silently. I would have thought she was knocked unconscious if her eyes hadn't been open and blinking. 
It was almost like she couldn't move. 
All she could do was lay there and stare whilst tears fell from her eyes.
And it broke my heart.


 ###chapter 12
Cassie


It was such a strange feeling being trapped in my own body. Able to hear and to see and feel but not being able to move. I couldn't even turn my head to see what Julian was doing to Bill but it sounded violent. 
Good.
I hoped what ever Julian was doing to him was causing him pain. 
Finally it all fell silent. The only sound was the raspy sound of my breathing mixed with Julian's.
He hovered over me, but I didn't look at him. 
"It's ok now." His voice was softer than I had ever heard it. "It's over, I came in time. You're safe."
Not able to move anything but my eyes I finally looked at him. He was standing by the bed, with his hand outstretched like he was going to touch me and at the last minute thought better of it.
I was glad of that I didn't want him touching me. I didn't want any one to touch me. All I wanted to do was go home and wash my skin free of any touch of bills. 
It disgusted me that he had touched me. But it could have been worse. It would have been worse if Julian hadn't arrived before the drug had fully taken hold of me. 
I should be grateful but all I could feel was anger. Anger than he hadn't believed me earlier but was now suddenly acting like my hero.
I didn't want a hero and I didn't want him.
At my side my fingers flexed and I let out a sigh of relief. Finally my body was beginning to work again. It felt like hours since Bill had sprayed that mist into my face but I knew it was only minutes.
"Are you feeling better now?"
It was an innocent enough question but it unleashed the rage in me. Forcing my still not working limbs to move I pushed myself upward. And even that small movement took all the strength I had.  I could glare at him though.
"Better?" I seethed with the anger flowing through me. "Did you really just ask if I was feeling better?" My voice was growing higher and higher.
For a second Julian looked shocked at my anger but I wasn't surprised by that. Julian was the kind of man who didn't think about anyone but himself. I hadn't known him long at all but I knew that.
He was a selfish man. 
"Yes." He shrugged. "But I can see you are angry." He frowned slightly. A small line appeared between his eyebrows. "And rightly so." He added quickly. "I mean you have every right to be-"
"I have a right?" I screeched. My legs dangling off the bed. The feeling was coming back to my extremities now but it was the horrible pins and needles feeling that was equally uncomfortable. He was lucky I couldn't stand up yet.
Really really lucky. 
"I just meant." The first sign of unease flickered into his eyes. Reaching up he ruffled his dark hair. His eyes darted away from my face for a second and two pink spots appeared high on his cheeks.
What the hell did he have to blush about?
Asshole.
"You're damn right I have the right to be angry and upset Julian" I shouted. My hands clenched into fists at my side. "I'm guessing you are the reason he just tried to rape me."
The colour drained from his face. He went as white as a ghost. "I-"
"My whole life is spiralling out of control." Over and over again I clenched and unclenched my fists. Desperately trying to control my anger so I didn't hit the heir to the Lycan king.
He deserved it , though. Maybe if someone had smacked him upside the head growing up he wouldn't be such an insufferable fool right now.
"I never wanted to marry you Julian." 
His eyes widened. The look he gave me wasn't a hurt one. I doubted he had feeling to be hurt but it was surprise. 
"Why so shocked?" I asked. "You said so yourself that this was a mistake. That you didn't want to be tied to me." On shaky legs I slipped from the bed and my knees almost gave way.  I gripped the edge of the bed to steady myself but not before his hands lashed out to catch me around the waist. 
"This is all your fault Julian." I sucked in a deep shaky breath.
All of a sudden it was hard to breathe. 
Probably because I was moving around before I should be. That was what it was, I told myself. Had to be.
"But I'm not surprised." I willed my thundering heart to slow down before he heard it. "My life derailed the moment I signed that marriage contract." Throwing my head back I gave an unhappy laugh. "Hell is the marriage even legal? You haven't touched me. You didn't even show up. I'm in limbo. I've lost my home and my dream job and now I'm attacked by people who want to hurt you all because on paper I am yours."
The anger speeding through me was getting to much. Lifting my hand I swung my open palm at him. It was a silly thing to do but I did it anyway. 
He caught my wrist easily.  Holding it for a second above my head.
And his eyes darted downward. It took me exactly five seconds to realise what he was looking at.
When alpha bill had attacked me and I had fought back, my blouse had ripped. Julian was looking at me because I was flashing naked flesh at him.
Glancing down I struggled against his grip on me.
"Let go of me." I growled out. This was mortifying. One of my breasts was fully out of the cup of my bra. The rosy nipple all puckered up and aching.
Damn it.
"Don't fucking look at me!" I was so embarrassed. Not just because he was looking at me but because his nostrils had flared. 
I was turned on and I didn't know why. Why was I suddenly wet for him? Why were my nipples straining with the need to have his mouth on them? 
I hated him with everything I had but I wanted him as well.
It had to have something to do with the mist alpha bill had sprayed on me I told myself but I wasn't sure that was true.
"Let go of me before I scratch your damn eyes out." Anger was easier to deal with than the hot feverish lust that was taking over me. 
I didn't want Julian. I didn't. I would never want him. It was just my body reacting to the drugs that had been given me. 
The strong fingers around my wrist flexed. "You're crazy. Out of your damn mind, insane." He spat and even though his voice dripped with condemnation, his eyes told another tale.
They had darkened and become hooded. His lips were parted and his chest heaved. 
"Of course I'm insane. Of course I'm out of my mind. I'm married to a grade A asshole."
He growled and my lower stomach erupted into flutters that felt like butterflies against my mound at the sound of it. 
"I don't care that you're the heir and will be king one day." I carried on trying to ignore the wetness that was pooling in my panties. "I hate you."
"I hate you as well." Gripping my hip hard he pulled me into his body. Crushing me to his chest so tightly that my breast was squashed against the marble hard muscles.
I moaned before I could help myself. 
Julian's eyes widened at the sound that escaped my lips. 
It was a needy look. One that mirrored my own.
Reaching up I did the only thing I could think of. I smashed my mouth against his and kissed him.



###chapter 13

Julian 


Cassie had every reason to be angry. I understood that but what I didn't understand was the heady smell that was coming from her so thickly that it coated the inside of my mouth and filled my lungs.
It was the smell of arousal and lust. 
And I filled my lungs with it and let it flow through me. She was amazing in her anger. All rage and passion. 
At that moment I had never seen anyone so beautiful. 
One hand on her hip and one around the wrist the kiss took me totally by surprise. A happy one. The scent of her lust was even better with her body pressed against mine and her lips hard against mine.
Lowering her arm to her side I finally let go of her. Sliding my hands around her slender waist instead. They came to rest in the small of her back and I ground against her. Pushing my throbbing cock against her stomach with a groan of my own. 
Against my mouth her lips hardened. Cassie pulled away slightly. Her eyes were as round as saucers.
She was regretting her decision to kiss me. It had been a moment of weakness on both our parts but I couldn't stand the look she was giving me.
Using my hand on the small of her back I pulled her back against me and tilted her chin up to me with the other. The moment her eyes started to close I slipped that hand under her long dark hair and drew her lips back to mine.
Unlike our first kiss this one wasn't rushed. It was slow and deliberate. I found her mouth and sipped at it. Opening her lips with mine, I teased at her bottom lip with my tongue. Teasing her.
Tasting her.
Finally she relaxed in my arms and her tongue came out to explore mine.
It was all that was needed for the dam to burst. Need flooded me. So white hot that I couldn't breathe, unless I was breathing in her.
She was all I suddenly needed. Her body and her lips.
Her.
Cassie, my wife who I told myself I hated was suddenly all I could think about. And it wasn't just the feel of her soft body that was driving me insane. Although that was part of it. A big part. She had the kind of body made to be worshipped. 
And I wanted to be the one to worship her.
On my knees , or-
Scooping her up , I hooked my arms under her ass. Lifting her so I could plunder her mouth more fully. I didn't want there to be an inch of her that my mouth didn't taste.
With a moan Cassie wrapped her legs around my waist. Rubbing the damp heat between her legs against me.
My next groan was more animalistic. Holding her close I didn't break the kiss as I took the few steps back towards the bed. Laying her down gently I fell half on top of her.
Deepening the kiss even more I pulled her leg up and over my hip so I could grind against her. Under me Cassie's eyes widened and her lips parted in the smallest of moans that seemed to spiral straight to my cock which throbbed at the sound.
I flexed my hips, cursing the material that parted us. I wanted to be inside of her so bad that I couldn't think straight.
There was nothing but Cassie in my brain. She was consuming me and I was ok with that. As long as she kept kissing me back and making those little breathy sounds then I would die a happy man.
Sucking her bottom lip into my mouth I worried it between my teeth. Pulling it hard away from her gums and with the other hand I cupped her naked breast. 
It fit so perfectly in my hand. The hard little nipple  brushing against my palm. 
Finally leaving her lips , I began to kiss my way down over her jaw and down the slender column of her throat. 
Cassie moaned again, her head thrown back to give me easier access to her skin. I took my time , teasing her in all the places where her breath hitched and moving over the places she didn't seem to like.
Her body was so reactive. And it drove me crazy with need.
Finally I came to her breast. Swiping my tongue against the straining nipple I lapped at it until she arched her back, it was only when she was panting. Her hands tangled into my hair as she guided me to it.
I sucked her tit into my mouth hard. Using my tongue to tease it up to a diamond hard point.
And she tasted like she smelt.
Heady and sweet. Like the richest of chocolate melting against my tongue. 
The taste of Cassie was addictive and I was well on my way to being a junky but it wasn't enough. I needed more and so did Cassie. I could tell by the way her breath kept catching.
Coming off of breast with a wet pop I lifted myself back to her. Hovering so our faces were just inches apart I teased my hand into the open triangle of her pants.
Her mound was bare and smooth as she lifted her hips to me, parting her legs to give me easier access.
The moment I slipped my fingers against her wetness my wolf raised his head and growled. But this wasn't his time it was mine and I pushed him back down. 
Teasing at her entrance I dipped a finger into her as far as it would go and she was tight. Tight and warm and wet.
The feel of Cassie gripped my finger was heaven and I couldn't wait to sink deep into her but first I wanted to-
Keeping my eyes on hers, I lifted the finger glistening with her juices to my mouth and sucked it between my lips.
Her taste exploded against my tongue. More than addictive she tasted like home. I froze.
This was wrong. Wrong in so many ways. It shouldn't be this way. 
Not because I didn't want her but because she deserved more. I was taking advantage of her and-
I jumped backwards. Leaving her there laying wide eyed in shock on the bed and then I ran and I didn't look back.



###chapter 14
Cassie

I couldn't concentrate on the reports sprawled out on my desk , every time I tried it was the same. It was like I couldn't see them all I could see was Julian and the way he looked as he sucked his finger. Coated in the juices of my pussy into his mouth and swallowed it down. There was something so unbelievably hot about the image even when I knew how I remembered it was wrong.
When I closed my eyes and imagined it , we had been here on this desk when it happened.
Leaning forward I spread my hands against the warm wood. It was almost like I could smell him here , feel him.
I groaned and my head fell on the stack of papers. 
This was wrong. I hadn't been with Julian in this room ever. I was getting my fantasies mixed up. 
But goddess what fantasies they were. So vivid that every morning since he had touched me I had woken up wet.
Six days of waking up cumming at the memories of how his hands and mouth felt on my body.  And now I was awake and couldn't stop thinking about it. 
Squirming I cursed myself for my traitorous body. I could feel dampness pooling in my panties. Making the fabric stick to my skin uncomfortably. 
Why did my body have to do this?
Plus- my eyes lifted to the garment bag hung up by the window. I didn't even know what dress was inside. It had just shown up at my office this morning. I knew who had sent it though. My husband.
My new good teasing husband that hadn't even been in the same room as me since we had made out. I was kind of scared to look because I knew how much he hated me. No doubt he had chosen the most hideous dress for me to wear in some public engagement in the hopes it would humiliate me.
Flopping back on the chair I stared at it with a frown on my face. He could try anyway, at this point I didn't care what he did to me as long as my mothers medical bills continued to be paid. That was all that mattered. 
"Dr Cassie." A nurse skidded to a stop at my open door way. She was breathing heavily. Her face flushed from running. "We tried to call and page but-"
The panic in her voice was audible and I was up and out of my seat in an instant. There was only one thing that would make the staff run to get me.
My mother.
"What's happened?" I called back over my shoulder as I took off at a sprint. My heels fell off and I heard her stop to pick them after me. The nurse was human so not as quick but she shouted after me.
"Yes, just slow down and I will explain-"
I ignored her, my heart hammering in my chest. Finally I turned the last corner and bounded up to the open door. It was full of sunlight. The brightest private room on this floor. It didn't have the luxury of the annex because my father wouldn't pay the money for her to be there but it was a nice room.
It was also a busy room. Several doctors and nurses were meandering around. 
And in the middle of the organised chaos was my mother. 
Sitting up in her hospital bed? I frowned.
"What is going on here?"
Then she blinked and it was like the world tilted on its axis.
"Mamma?"
"Who are you?"For a second she looked confused , fine lines deepened around her eyes as she frowned but I couldn't blame her for not recognizing me. I had barely been a teen when she had slipped into her coma.  My mother had slept through me becoming a woman.
"Cassie?" She whispered and the hand she reached out with shook. 
"Hey mamma." Softly I took her hand and brought it to my lips. "You're awake."
Again confusion clouded her vision. "You're so beautiful. A woman. How long-" tears made her voice thick. 
"That doesn't matter. We don't need to talk about that now." Perching on the edge of the bed I cupped her face tenderly in my hand. "Has Megan been notified or should I?" I would happily take care of my mother, I had been doing it for years but this was borderline a miracle and I was too close to it. My mother should never have regained consciousness and yet here she was. Smiling up at me. 
"It's megan's leaving party tonight. The one the prince is attending and-"
My heart sank. That's why he had sent me the dress. If Julian was going then he would expect me to be there as well. Our first official engagement. 
Except it wasn't an official engagement. Megan was low in the pack. So why was the prince getting involved in her business? Why was he pulling strings for her?
Jealousy ripped through me and I pushed it away. If Julian and Megan were sleeping together then it was not my concern. My mother was.
"Then I'll stay-"
"You know you can't do that. The prince will expect you to be-"
I silenced the nurse with a look but not before my mother had seen. 
"It's happened already? You are betrothed or-" her eyes scanned my face. "Married." She said finally. "So many years have passed , too many." Reaching out she caressed my cheek. "You have to go and be with your mate. That's my place and anyway I'm not going anywhere." She laughed and it was the most beautiful sound in the world. Her giggle reminded me of better times.
"He's not my mate." I whispered and her eyes glued themselves to my face. "I mean I don't want to leave you."
"Sweet girl I am so tired I am just going to sleep. I don't want you to worry though." She added quickly as I shot her a panicked look.  The idea of her sleeping again was filling me full of dread. 
"I promise you I will wake up again Cassie-" a wave of pain washed over her face. Pressing her hand to her heart she rubbed against her chest. 
I glanced at the nurses who were trying to look unworried but they had seen. We had all seen.
"I'm not happy about leaving you."
"You have to go. I will be fine." My mother said though the pain she was obviously experiencing. 
"Me and megan are the doctors in charge of your-" I trailed off. I had to go to Megan's party, I really didn't have a choice  about that but that didn't mean I would leave my mother without a shifter doctor.
Pulling my cellphone from my pocket, I quickly typed in a number I knew by heart and waited for him to answer.
I had done more than enough favours for him, it was time he repaid the favour and helped me out. 

###chapter 15
Cassie 


The grand splendour of the Hotel Royale rose up in front of me as I got out of the cab with some difficulty. The skirts of the forest green gown was tight. So tight that I could barely move in it. Whoever had designed it was a psychopath who didn't believe women should breathe but even I had to admit that I looked good in it. The colour really suited my dark hair and tanned skin and made my green eyes pop.
Still I could look like a supermodel all I wanted if I couldn't get out of the cab without falling on my face then it didn't matter.
Using all of my strength and cunning I finally managed it and the moment I did I wished I hadn't. 
There was a limousine, long and sleek with blacked out windows parked just behind my cab. Right by the red carpet that wound its way into the grand entrance of the hotel.
My husband was standing there. Looking more handsome than any man I had ever seen in my life with his perfectly styled dark hair and his hard body encased in an all black suit. 
He looked charming and for a second my breath caught in my throat as I waited for him to turn around and find me. This was the dress he had chosen for me after all and I wanted him to see me in it.
Hell I wanted him to want me as much as I wanted him at that moment. 
Then he reached down and helped a woman out of the car. Smiling down at her as he slipped her hand into the crook of his arm.
I took it all in , in a second. Him all dark and tall and her- blonde and dripping in diamond.
I'd always envied Megan her tiny frame and blonde hair but at that moment I hated her.
Why did she keep taking what was mine? First my dream job and now my- I swallowed hard.
Has she taken my husband from me or was he already hers. I didn't know anything about Megan's private life really. Only what she shared. And on the last count she has several men after her. It made sense that Julian would be one and dammit but I had to admit they looked good together.
Even as I watched megan lifted her face to him, and smiled her most winning smile. Reaching up she touched his cheek as he grinned back down at her. I couldn't hear what was said but honestly I didn't care.
Their flirting was embarrassing, not to mention humiliating. Had I really given up the chance to spend time with my mother for this. Julian didn't care if I was here.
He was too engrossed in a tiny little blonde with more boobs than brain.
I rolled my eyes. That wasn't fair and I knew it. Megan was clever and a damn good doctor as well. I was just letting my jealousy take over when I had no right to be jealous.
Lots of couples had relationships like ours. Arrangements without love or affection. They made it work so there was no reason me and Julian couldn't. 
But that didn't mean I had to be here. He already had the guest of honour on his arm. He didn't need me third wheeling it. 
I was just about to turn on my heel and disappear into the shadows to hail another cab when someone called my name. 
I froze as my husband turned in my direction. What I suspected was his mistress still clutching his arm. 
His eyes widened when he saw me, and the corners of his mouth twitched up but before his perfectly kissable lips could form a smile , Megan said something and he frowned.
Groaning inwardly I went to meet them on the red carpet. And the people who had been waiting to greet him turned in shock. Murmurs rose up. Every single person around us knew who I was. They knew who I was to him.
"Megan." Taking her by the shoulders I pressed my lips to her cheek. If the people who had gathered around expected me to make a scene they were going to be disappointed "Julian." Reaching up I pressed my lips to his cheek in turn. And the moment I did , wetness pooled between my thighs. 
Julian's nostrils flared and for a second his hand came down on the small of my back and held me to him.
He felt it as well. The instant attraction that sparked to life any time we actually touched. I hated it just as much as I hated and wanted him.
I stepped back quickly. "It's so good to see you both." I gushed in an overly friendly voice as what seemed like every shifter in the town looked on. 
"Are you two a couple?" 
Julian's eyes narrowed. The tip of his tongue came out to dampen his bottom lip as he stared at me and that look seemed to dare me to say something. To make some sort of scene.
I wasn't about to do anything of the sort. I wouldn't make that much of a fool of myself. And even though she seemed to be taking everything important from me, I just didn't hate Megan that much. This was her big night and I wanted her to enjoy it. 
Hell, I wanted to enjoy it as well. There were so few chances to get dressed up and let my hair down.
"You make a beautiful looking couple." I said with a smile.
Anger blazed to life in my husband's eyes. The kind of anger I couldn't ever hope to understand. 
"Ian?"
A man stepped up to Julian's side. Slightly smaller but wider through the shoulders he was handsome. He would have even been called hot if he hadn't been standing next to Julian.
He was also familiar but I couldn't place him.  Maybe he just had one of those faces. Although I wasn't sure that was true. 
"Will you escort Cassie to her seat and tell her the arrangements for this evening." Without looking back Julian walked on, taking Megan with him and ignoring me completely.
"Are you and Cassie-" I heard Megan ask as the newcomer stepped in front of me with a small bow.
"We are nothing. I barely know her."
"Luna?"
Tearing my eyes away from my husbands retreating back I gave the wolf called Ian my full attention.
"Sorry I was miles away. " shaking myself I forced myself to smile. "You're his Beta?"
"Yes , my friends call me Ian. Luna."
Patting his arm I slid my hand into his elbow. "And my friends call me Cassie. So what arrangements do I need to know?"
We walked slowly, like he knew any pace other than a crawl was impossible in my snug dress.
"It's just for afterward. All you need to do is signal me and I'll have the car pulled around for you to take you to the palace."
My feet faltered and I dragged him to a stop. "What do you mean the palace?"
"The king is expecting you on this full moon. Julian always -"
"I can't." I shook my head , and a curl came loose and fell over my face. "My mother is awake now and I need to spend time with her plus I always do the full moon run with my-"
He cut me off with a look. "That's your old life Cassie. If the king calls for you then you go plus Julian is insistent that you."
"I don't really care what Julian wants to be honest."
Ian's eyes darkened. "You should care Cassie. There's a thousand other girls who would die for your place as Luna. He's handsome and -"
In the distance, just disappearing into the hotels glitzy foyer I found my husband's form. He was handsome , that was true but he was also several other things. 
"And a pervert?" I asked sweetly and Ian's eyes widened in shock.
Handsome and  a pervert that was husband. 
But at least for the next few hours he was someone else's problem. 

###chapter 16
Julian 


The dress I had picked out for Cassie was perfection or maybe it was her that made it perfect. It draped her body and showed off every delectable curve she had.  I didn't know. The only thing I knew for certain was that I couldn't keep my eyes off of her. 
It was such a strange thing, the way she had invaded my thoughts since the night she was attacked. I couldn't sleep , all I could do was lay awake in my bed and stare up at the ceiling picturing her face.
Maybe she was some sort of witch because it was pretty clear to me that she had put some kind of spell on me. I couldn't get her out of my mind and I wasn't even sure I wanted to. 
Leaving her that evening on the narrow hospital bed, all flushed and wanting me had been the hardest thing I had ever done and probably one of the only things in my life that I regretted. I should have taken her, she had been more than willing. And yet for some reason I had walked away.
Not even the beautiful Megan could hold my interest for long. And goddess she was trying to catch my attention. Especially in that plunging baby pink dress with the diamond glittering between her breasts to draw any man's attention.
I ripped my eyes away from the deep v of megan's dress and again found my wife across the table. There were no diamonds adorning her flesh, and honestly she didn't need any.
She was exquisite. 
Perfection with her dark hair piled on top of her head and her tanned shoulders bare for my lips to trace against.
I shook the thought away as she lifted her head and turned towards me with raised eyebrows, almost like she could feel my eyes on her.
I didn't look away and neither did she. 
Yes Cassie was beautiful but then a million other women were but there was just something about Cassie that caught my attention and demanded it stay on her.
"Witch." The word rumbled out of my chest and into the open before I could stop it.
 Cassie's eyes widened in shock and next to me Megan's eyes widened in surprise. It was only when a collective whispered gasp went up that I realised they had thought I had said something completely different.
Not that I was going to say anything to change what they thought. Ignoring everyone's pointed glances I turned to Megan. Lifting my champagne glass I stood and began to speak.
"Ladies and Gentleman." I raised my voice until all eyes were on me and a silence had fallen. "I want you to join me in raising our glasses to Megan. The talented and most beautiful doctor I have ever met."
Even as I spoke I let my eyes fall on Cassie. Watching with glee as her face twisted. She fought against her emotions for a second before recovering herself and lifting her glass with the others and toasting Megan.
She was such a strange being. My wife was equal parts of vulnerable and hard. It was almost like she had wrapped herself in a hard shell to hide the softness inside. 
Taking my seat I waited to see if she would say anything but she had already turned away. Her hand coming down to land on Ian's arm as they laughed together at some private joke that I wasn't privy to.
Jealousy raged through me. She was flirting with my beta and she wasn't even trying to hide it. All the warm sentimental feelings for  her vanished again. This was the real Cassie. Her father was a money grabbing power hungry mongrel as well and it looked like his daughter was the same.
I wanted to get rid of her.
I wanted her out of my life as quickly as possible but at the same time I wanted to bend her over this table in front of everyone and take her hard and fast.  I wanted to hurt her, punish her and then stake my claim on her body.
Under the table my hands closed to fists.
How could one woman? Someone now so low in the pack have this much effect on me? It didn't make any sense.
"I am so glad I met you that day at the hospital." I began to say to Megan when again my attention was drawn to my wife. 
Standing up she inclined her her. First to everyone else and then to me. "If you will excuse me?"
Not waiting for my approval she walked away. Her hips and ass swaying as she walked away. 
I couldn't help it. I watched her go.
"Ian." I barked my betas name but he was already on his feet and following my wife towards the exit.
"Forgive me beautiful Megan." I took the guest of honours hand and kissed the back of it. "But I must leave now. I have a meeting with the king. Please enjoy your celebrations though. You deserve it after everything you have done for me."
It might have been my imagination but Megan looked confused for a moment. I didn't have time to think too much about it. 
Out in the foyer , right by the heavy glass doors Ian seemed to be arguing with Cassie. None of them were shouting so I couldn't hear them but the gestures weren't friendly at all.
Groaning inwardly I climbed to my feet and weaved my way through the tables towards them. No doubt Cassie was now giving him a hard time and I was glad. Everyone including Ian seemed to love her. They were all singing her praises so it was about time everyone saw what I saw in her. That she was a no good, power hungry-
"What's-"  I stepped up to him just in time to watch my wife slip into a yellow cab and peel away into the heavy traffic. "Where the hell is she going?"
"I don't think she liked the little scene you pulled Julian." Ian said quietly as I spluttered. The scene I pulled? I lifted my eyebrows.  What about the scene she had pulled? Flirting with my beta no less. 
"Didn't you tell her that I had a car waiting." I swept my eyes over the traffic. Trying to find her cab but it was impossible. There were too many of them.
"Yes alpha." Ian had clearly heard the threatening tone in my voice and was acting accordingly. "She said she would rather take a cab and that she would meet you there. She gave her apologies and-"
"No she didn't." I forced out a chuckle. "So where is she going?" I pursed my lips. "Probably to see her lover. Did you know she has one?" I side eyed him trying to gauge his reaction. He looked shocked. 
"I saw the contraception in her purse." 
Ian lifted his head in shock. "You went through her purse?"
"What? No. The contents fell out when we were arguing." I mumbled.
"You two always seem to be arguing. Have you ever thought it might be because -"
I threw up a hand silencing him with a look. "Don't even finish that thought Ian. Otherwise I might pretend we are friends."
"She's not going to meet a lover , Julian." Ian  shook his head. "She's going to see her mother at the hospital."
"Why would she do that? Her mother is in a coma?"
"Her mother woke up this afternoon. She didn't tell you?" Ian cocked his head to the side.
"No." I mumbled. It was just another thing my wife was keeping from me.
Another thing for us to fight over when we got to court.
Ian was right. We did argue a lot and the next one was going to be epic because I wanted to know everything she was hiding from me and then I was going to make her sign the paper and free me once and for all.



###chapter 17
Cassie


It was almost dawn by the time I got to the palace , still in my dress and yawning my head off. I wanted to sleep, wrapped in blankets and without this damn material strangling me but that wasn't going to happen thanks to Ian. Who had been waiting outside the hospital  to drive me. 
It was hard to argue with Ian, mostly because he just didn't do it. And I had tried a lot on the long drive. 
Leaning forward I watched as the palace came into view. The house we lived in, the one with more rooms than we could use looked tiny in comparison and I blew out a breath. It was almost too much to take in but at least spending time under the same room as Julian would be easier here. We wouldn't even have to be in the same area of the house unless we wanted to be.  
Which I certainly didn't.
"Are you ready for this?" Slowing the car down at the end of the curving driveway Ian finally spoke to me for the first time in an hour. 
Pressing my face up against the window. I blew out a breath. "Ready for bed." I mumbled as my breath steamed up the window. "Yes. I just don't know why I couldn't go home and change-"
"Bed?" Ian cut me off. He chuckled. "You will be meeting the king."
I did a double take. Never in a million years did I think I would be meeting the king right now.  My hair and make up was a mess. And I felt disgusting. 
"Can I at least freshen up?" I asked hopefully but even as I said it, he twisted in his seat and stared at me. 
The look he gave me spoke volumes. That would be a no then.
"You should have thought about that when you ran away from the party and decided to go against orders."
"Orders?" I scoffed and flopped back against the seat with my eyes closed. I needed a few minutes just to gather my wits about me. I had met the king before , but as a child. Which was the last time I had been here. There was a lot I could get away with back then because I had my own grandfather to keep me safe. He was gone now which meant I was on my own.
Pissing off Julian was one thing but annoying the king? That was just foolish. 
"Ok." I blew out another breath and my eyes flew open. "Lead the way."
Ian nodded his head once and then he was out of the car and opening the door for me. Helping me out like a gentleman.
He led me forward, and the massive house loomed up around me. My heart began to thunder in my chest as we stepped inside and it felt like the house swallowed me. 
"Wait here." 
I was left in the wide grand foyer, with its double winding stair cases and the ornate gold framed paintings on the wall. I wanted to go and look at each one of those painting. Kings and queens of the past all stared down with judging eyes. Each one of them seemed to be telling me to run and free myself from this nightmare but I couldn't move. I was frozen to the spot.
"This way." A old  woman appeared making me jumpS. Her eyes lowered. She shuffled but there was an urgency about her.  The led me further into the gloomy palace until we finally came to a door set back from the others. It was so small that I would have walked passed it.
"The king will see you now." Knocking once she opened the door and stepped back. Leaving me no choice but to step inside alone.
The room was dark, the heavy drapes pulled closed over the windows that would have filled the room with the light of the rising sun.
"Welcome daughter." 
I dropped into the lowest curtsy that my dress would allow. "You're highness."
"It's good to see you again Cassie." The kings voice was soft. "You have grown into a beautiful woman."
"Thank you." He hadn't told me I could stand so I kept my position. My eyes  were totally locked  on the floor. The muscles in my legs and core were spasming with trying to hold the unnatural position but I didn't dare move. 
"You may take a seat." He said finally and I let out a sigh of relief.  
Straightening I found him sat in a chair by the fireplace which was lit. 
He was old but I didn't know why that surprised me. Of course he had aged but to see him so withered and frail was still a shock. 
"Thank you." Tucking my chin into my chest I waited for him to speak. It was clear that he wanted to talk to me alone which meant it wasn't up to me to start a conversation.
"You have quite a reputation Cassie."
My head snapped up at his words. What did he mean by that?
"Not in the way you are thinking." His chuckle was raspy. "I have been following your education and career for quite a while and you have done well for yourself.  And now you are married as well. How are you finding , juggling the two parts of your life?"
"It's fine." It wasn't even a lie. Apart from losing my place on the royal unit nothing had really changed in my work life. It was my private life that was imploding.
"And the house? My wedding gift to you, have you settled in and are happy?" His eyes were bright in his lined face. It was strange because he had the eyes of a much younger man. They were sharp and intense.
"Yes thank you. It's a beautiful house." Again not a lie. 
His wise eyes narrowed. "But you are not happy? Is Julian giving you a hard time?"
I hesitated for a second too long.
"You called for me grandfather." The door opened and Julian walked into the room. Hesitating a second when he saw me sitting there. I stared right back.  Noting that he had been given time to change. It even looked like he had slept a little.
"Yes. Your bride is finally here." Sitting back in his leather armchair the king steepled his fingers under his chin and studied us. 
"She was just telling me about the start of your life together."
I risked a glance at Julian. Who was openly glaring at me.
"So would one of you like to tell me why you arrived separately?" All the kindness was gone from the king's voice. He sounded steely and cold. "The reports I am getting say that you do not spend your evenings together. That you don't spend any time together at all. Even now-" he motioned between the two of us. "You do not greet each other like newly weds. You cannot even look at each other. What is going on?"
Julian's lips thinned until they had almost disappeared completely but he didn't say anything. 
"We just -" I stuttered. "Don't know each other."
"I see." Tap tap tap went the king's fingers. "Well as long as that's all it is and you aren't thinking of separating." He turned his attention back to Julian. "You must try harder, Julian. You have become cold and  closed yourself off since your parents passed away."
Julian physically winced at the mention of his parents  and I felt a rush of sympathy for him. 
"Cassie my dear." The king forced himself to stand and reached for my hand. "Why don't you leave me and Julian to have a little talk. You must be tired? The omega outside the door will show you to your room so you can change and freshen up. She will show you around when you are ready and then we can have breakfast together and begin our full moon celebrations."
I dropped into another curtsy and left without looking back. I wanted to shower and change into something I could breathe in desperately but I wanted to escape Julian's presence more.
"This way Miss." The little omega shut the door behind me softly but not before I heard the King lay into Julian
"You must try harder, Julian."
"I don't see why, she is insufferable. I want a div-"
"No. There will be no divorce between you. Not now and not ever."




###chapter 18
Cassie


I felt instantly better after a shower, refreshed and eager to explore more and just like the King had promised the little omega , who was the housekeeper I was guessing was waiting outside my bedroom door for me. 
She began shuffling forward , pointing out the people captured in the paintings and I stared at each one of them intently. 
I could see aspects of Julian's face in theirs. The sharpness of a jaw here, the arch of eyes there. It was  almost uncanny how alike the family all were. 
"They look so much alike." I mumbled. Leaning forward I studied one picture closer. Taking in all the details.  This one was of a woman and a man, and the way he was looking at her melted my heart. This was a painting of a  family who were completely in love with each other. I could see it in their eyes. 
Fated mates for sure, a couple that had come together in happiness and raised- my eyes scanned the children that had been painted playing around their legs. Seven of them. My eyebrows lifted. They had had a big family. 
A big happy family. Something I had never witness and would never have. 
A sigh escaped my lips.
"Yes." The omega who still hadn't told me her name and simply answered to omega tapped her fingers against the painting. "And you and Prince Julian's children will look like him. His family's genes are very strong. But that's because they are royalty." She gave a little chuckle but I didn't . I didn't understand why she was laughing. 
"Lots and lots of children." Giggling like a school girl she turned to me and without warning pressed her hand against the material of my shirt. Right over my flat stomach. Her eyes glittered as she searched my face. "Maybe you are even with a pup already? Hey? Hey?"
I took a step backwards, so her hand dropped to her side. That was just weird. Who touched people's stomach like that without asking first? Even if she had asked first it was just a strange thing to do.
"No I don't think so." I said quietly with a smile because I didn't want her to feel bad. She seemed to be permanently on edge as it was. 
At least I didn't have to worry about having a baby. I reminded myself.  Julian could barely stand to be in the same room as me let alone the same thing.
Except.
My hand fluttered to my throat as heat rushed up and burnt my cheeks. The memories of that night at the hospital were still as vivid as ever. The look in his eyes as he stared down at me and sucked my juices from his fingertips. Things had gotten out of hand that night but at least we hadn't slept together. 
At least we hadn't done that so there was no way I was carrying his child. If I fell pregnant then there would be no escaping him and my fate. 
There would be no pups for us. 
"What is this room?" Wanting to change the subject I pushed open a partially ajar door.
"Oh this." She shuffled forward, moving across the dusty dark room to pull open the drapes. Weak sunlight streaked in , illuminating the tiny dust particles so they glittered.
"This is Julian's room."
I glanced around, a frown pinching my brows together. "This is his-"
"His childhood room." She amended quickly. "He doesn't come in here anymore but he used to spend all his time in here before. Locked away with his models and his books."
Moving around the room I laughed. I couldn't see Julian reading at all. I kind of doubted he even could but everywhere I looked I could see musty leather bound books. And on the desk by the window a model plane that was half finished. Like one day Julian had just stood up and walked away from it.
It made me wonder what had made him do that. 
"Where are his toys?" I couldn't help but ask. The room was dark , even with the curtains open and the sunlight streaming in. Dark drab wallpaper, dark wood. No colour at all apart from the half finished model. 
This didn't look like a child's room at all. Even the bedspread was muted. It was a room a child stayed in but that wasn't theirs. There was no personality, no colour. Not even  a nice print on the wall.
It was miserable but maybe that was Julian's choice. He was a miserable sod now so he might have been one as a kid too.
"Toys?" The omega sounded confused. 
"Yes children have toys." I mumbled. Reaching on to a shelf full of books, my fingers curved around a small wooden box. It was carved with intricate flowers.
It didn't belong here. It was too beautiful. 
"What the hell are you doing?" Julian roared and I jumped out of my skin, the fragile box tumbled from my fingers and I rushed to grab at it before it smashed on the floor but he got to it first. 
"How dare you-" he was screaming at me. His spit flying from his lips to hit me in the face. "How dare you come in here and touch my things. Touch this."
His eyes flashed , lighting up from inside with a rage and hatred that made my blood run cold. It wasn't even his wolf that looked out at me. It was something so much darker.
Julian's usually handsome face twisted into a monstrous mask as he clutched the tiny box to his chest like a precious child. I stared at him even though every part of me was telling me to run away and hide. This was a side of Julian I had never seen before but had always suspected was there , hiding just below the surface. 
He was a monster, a demon.
"I didn't mean to drop it. I was just-"
He stepped into me. His hand came out and gripped my shoulder and he began to shake me. Roughly and with all his strength. My head whipped back and forth. My brain literally rattling in my skull until my eye sight blurred. 
"Never touch any of my things ever again you money grabbing whore. You worthless piece of shit." Without warning he pushed me away from him with so much force that my feet left the carpet.
I pinwheeled backwards. Desperately trying to break my fall by grabbing hold of something.
I landed hard, sliding down one of the many bookcases. Something sharp punctured my arm. Hot blood bubbled up.
Blearily I sat up and tried to regain my bearings. My cut arm cradled against my chest.
"I didn't ask to be -" I began to say but he was already gone.
"Miss." The little omega rushed forward. Crouching down with some difficulty on her old knees she reached for my arm and it was only then that I realised I was bleeding. Somehow when he had thrown me aside I had cut it and it was bleeding profusely. 
"Let me see that-" her fingers on my arm stung and I winced backwards. "He did this." She began to shake her head.
"Julian did this?"
We both rushed to our feet as the king stepped into the room and for an old man he moved fast. Reaching for my arm he studied it. His eyes growing angrier and angrier.  "I will call for a doctor."
"It's not so bad and I am a doctor." I pointed out. I probed at the edges of the cut. And a now familiar warmth began to spread through my fingers. 
My fingertips glowed and before my eyes my skin began to knit together. 
Magic. 
That's all it could be or what was it that the alpha Bill had called it? My alpha power. 
"That was impressive Cassie." The king nodded his head. "You are a very special young lady. Now why don't you go into the bathroom." He pointed to a door that I had completely missed when I had looked around. "And clean the blood off your arm and then I would like you to join me for breakfast."
I wasn't hungry. I was too in shock to eat but I couldn't say no. The king was asking me to eat with him after all. 
"They haven't been together long and he's already hurting her." The omegas voice came to me through the closed bathroom door. The kings sigh was loud. 
"I know." He sounded tired. "What started this?"
"The box." The answer was a whisper and I had to strain to hear it. Pressing my ear against the door I held my breath.
"Yes, that would do it." The king sighed. "You know how precious it is to him. What it means-" he trailed off and for a second I thought they might have realised that I was listening in. 
"We must find a way to make this work."
"I don't know if we can. He is already acting like a monster to her and it's only going to get worse."
"Then we have to make sure that Cassie stays. Did you find a doner?"
There was a pause. "Yes."
"Then we have everything we need to make this work." The Kings words were firm.
Not thinking I twisted the door knob and stepped out of the room and the silence was so thick you could cut it with a knife.
"I think I will clean up in my own room." I forced myself to smile at them but inside my mind was going a million miles an hour.
Just what were they planning? 
I needed to find out. 

###chapter 19
Cassie


Every full moon was important to my people. Of course it was. It was millennia ago that my people only changed on the full moon but old habits die hard. We weren't locked to the moons cycles anymore but that didn't mean we didn't worship it.
And tonight the moon was full and bright as it hung in an almost cloudless sky.
Beautiful.
Lifting my giant shaggy head , I eyed it and the urge to howl was building in my throat. Such a primal feeling and one that I hadn't felt since I had first met my wolf many years ago. Back then I had been a teenager and my control hadn't been great. I was an adult now. 
And I was in control.
Still the urge was there.
Shaking my head I tossed the thought away. The time for howling would come but it wasn't now. Now I had to act the part. Act like the Luna in waiting.
No, not Luna , I reminded myself. Being Luna of a pack would be bad enough. I was married to the heir. One day I would be queen of the wolves. If my marriage lasted that long of course.
Which I doubted.
But for now I had a role to play. A role that I had been directed in all day.
Pulling my shoulder blades back , I lifted myself to my full height and stepped up on the left side of my husband's giant white  wolf. And even though I had made myself stand up straight, he dwarfed my black beast.
Swinging his head around he watched me with his golden eyes. There was no emotion on his face, just a weary sort of indifference. That was fine, he might be beautiful to look at but there was nothing beautiful about his soul.
The king stepped forward. Suited and booted and just looking at what he was wearing I knew he wasn't going to shift. Tonight prince Julian would lead the full moon hunt with me at his side. It was a honour I wasn't ready for.
Not because I thought I would mess up but because stepping out next to Julian in front of all these people would put our relationship in the public eye and that meant when he finally rejected me, the humiliation would be even greater.
"Tonight." The kings voice rose up , amplified by what I was guessing was magic and I dropped the ground. My nose on the mossy grass as he walked passed me. I stayed there. Prone and submissive as he continued to talk. 
"We are greeted by a very special guest." The old man chuckled. "The wife of Prince Julian and your future queen." He stepped back and motioned to me and all eyes turned towards me. I stayed where I was. If I had been in my human body I would have been blushing scarlet.
"Tonight the next generation will lead you on the hunt. Just as they will lead you in life real soon." He gave a nod and Julian stepped forward. His giant paws making tiny clouds of dust spiralling up. 
Suddenly I didn't know what to do. No one had said there would be a speech and everyone's eyes were still on me.
Maybe they had done this on purpose. Maybe they both wanted me to make a fool of myself and slip up.
Julian swung his head to me, his golden eyes suddenly soft like he could how frightened I was and he wanted to put me at ease.
Slowly he walked towards me, dropping his head he nudged me gently and whined. 
"You need to stand up and be by my side now."
My head whipped around and my eyes flew open as his voice whispered in my head.
I had heard that some packs could mind link but I had never experienced it before. But then I had never really been a member of this pack. I run with other wolves that were like me. Out casts living on the fringes of our society. Now look at me, married to the prince and about to lead my first run.
It was crazy how life went.
"I know it's strange. Just relax and let it happen." 
I couldn't help it I giggled inside of my head. For a second Julian looked confused and then he scowled as he got it.
"Are you going to just lay there like a lump or do you plan on doing your job?" 
All the kind gentleness was gone from his voice. It just went to prove he didn't have a sense of humour either.
"Can they hear what we are saying?" It was weird having a conversation in my head. And I wasn't sure I would ever get used to it.
"No, not unless I want them to."
I digested the news and then slowly climbed to my feet.
"Good." I ducked my head against his. Nuzzling into the fur of his neck I whined and I knew that everyone watching would see it as a sign of affection between us.
When in reality it was nothing of the sort. 
"Bite me Julian."
He froze for just a second and then answered me. "Best run then." Throwing back he howled at the moon and the word "hunt." Screamed in my brain.
After a second's hesitation the pack lifted their faces to the moon and howled back. Filling the night air with our chorus and I joined in.
I couldn't not.
The primal urge was too much.
Julian leapt forward and without any prompting I went with him. Slightly behind but right at his shoulder and we ran. Our bodies elongating, our breathing mingling.

***


Running and hunting like this was like nothing I had ever experienced before. There was something freeing about it.
Like I was finally letting the animal side of me free instead of holding her back and she was enjoying herself. It didn't even matter that we were running shoulder to shoulder with Julian. All that mattered was the moon above, the forest floor below and the smell of our prey thick in my nose.
It was -
Out of the corner of my eye I caught movement and only just skidded to the left in time as a wolf stepped in front of me. And I didn't recognize him. He had not started the run with us.
Panic gripped me as he began to move towards me. Herding me away from the others and the safety of the pack and not one of them noticed what was happening.
Was this an attack?
Maybe Julian had decided to assassinate me.
"Stop running towards the cliffs Cassie." A voice boomed in my head. 
I shook my head like I could shake the voice out of my brain. "Then stop chasing me."
He barked out a laugh. "I am not chasing you. You are running away. 
"Who are you? I don't know you." The air that puffs from my nose looked like steam in the cold air.
"Peter, I am the king's personal enforcer and he wants to see you privately. Follow me."
I hesitated but only for a second before I fell in to step behind him. We didn't have far to go.
The king was sat, still in his suit on a cushion. Right on the edge of a bluff.
"Peter you can leave us now." He said without turning. "Cassie come and sit with me." He motioned to a cushion by his side. There was something silky folded neatly on it.
"There is a robe here for you."
I shifted quickly and reached for it. Wrapping it around myself I took my place next to him and looked down. Letting out a sigh of appreciation of the view laid out below us.
The high full moon was mirrored perfectly on the lake below.
"This is beautiful. The lake and the-" I fell silent. Memories were niggling in my mind.
"Yes it is but you have been here before haven't you? Do you remember?"
I searched my brain. "Kind of." I shrugged. "Bits and bobs. I was very young and came with my parents."
I knew that much was true.
"You came with your parents for the funeral of my daughter and her mate." There was so much pain in his voice that I turned to him.
This was so raw for him still. Even after all of these years. 
"You held your granddads hand and cried even though you didn't know them and I knew right then what kind of girl you were and what kind of woman you would grow up to be."
"You did?" I lifted an eyebrow.
"Yes you are you grandfather's daughter through and through and what you did later that day just proved it."
I frowned. "What did I do?" 
The memory of cold water swirling over my head as I dived flooded me and I shivered. I hadn't thought about what night for so long and no one had ever mentioned it again. I had thought it was a nightmare.
"A woman threw a boy into the water." I blurted out in a rush. "I had snuck away and I saw them but I couldn't do anything until she had run away. I swum in and dragged him out and then-"
"Then I came and revived him and sent you back to your parents."
"Did the boy survive?" It had been years since I had thought of him but really that night and my mothers illness had shaped my future.
"You've been saving people ever since haven't you?"
I remained silent. 
"I never really thanked you for what you did that night but I want to thank you now." He took a deep rattling breath. "Your mother needs a heart transplant."
My tummy did a somersault. I had known deep down that it would be something like that but I had been clinging to hope. It seemed cruel indeed that she would wake up only to be dying.
"I have found your mother the heart she needs and the best shifter doctor in the country is at the hospital waiting for my go ahead."
Slowly he removed an envelope from his jacket pocket and slid it over the grass towards me. 
"All you have to do is sign this."
I stared down at the brown envelope like it was a bomb. I didn't want to touch it. "What is it?"
"It's an agreement between us. I will save your mother and you will save my grandson. You were chosen to be his wife because of your goodness. He needs that."
I agreed with that. Whole heartedly.
"I want you to promise that you will never leave him."
I did a double take. "You are black mailing me?" My voice was high pitched. "Using my mothers health to keep me trapped in a loveless marriage?"
He remained silent. Only the sound of our breathing rent the air.
"You save people." He said finally. "By signing that contract and giving me your word you are saving two people with only a swipe of a pen. Your mother will live and so will Julian."
I stared down at the envelope and inch by inch my fingers crept towards it.
I had no choice but to sign and he knew it.
"Do you have a pen?" I whispered , jumping as one was thrust into my hand. Tearing open the envelope I pulled the pristine white paper out and found where I needed to sign. I didn't bother reading it. There was no point. Whatever the terms I would sign because I wanted my mother to live.
The King nodded his head in approval. "You did the right thing Cassie. I knew you would." Twisting his old body he called in to the trees behind us. "Peter make the call to the hospital." Turning back to me he reached down and patted my hand. "You did the right thing. Your mothers surgery will be finished and she will be healing by the time you go home."
I didn't say a word. I couldn't. All I could do was cry silently because yet again I had no control over my life and now I was forever trapped with a man I hated.
And who hated me right back.



 ###chapter 20
Cassie


The car took me straight to the hospital then next morning, I didn't even have to ask and to make things even better , I hadn't seen Julian once. He seemed to be avoiding me and that was fine by me.
If only we could avoid each other for the rest of our lives.
Walking quickly through the familiar hospital corridors I came to my mothers room. She was on the bed , looking frail and even smaller than she had been when she was in a coma. There were wires and tubes everywhere. Fear gripped me but it easily faded away as the sound of beeping filled my ears. She was alive, and her new heart was beating. The proof of that beeped in my ear. 
"Hey mamma." Crossing the room, I took her hand and lifted it to my cheek. "I know you can hear me so I wanted to make sure you knew I was back before work. But I'll come back later ok. And by then you will be awake and we can chat and plan the future." I took a deep breath. "I have so much to tell you and I know you are going to be mad at me but I did it for you, ok?"
Behind me someone cleared their throat. Turning I stared at Mandy. 
"What are you doing here?" She looked genuinely confused to see me.
"What do you mean?" Lowering my voice I walked towards her. My mother needed to sleep and heal and I didn't want this to wake her.
"Someone made a call." Mandy swallowed audibly. "I'm sorry but I was under the impression that you would be-" her eyes skirted away again.
"Just tell me."
"We were told to start to find your replacement. That you would be-"
At my side my fists clenched. "Julian." This had my husband all over it. No wonder I hadn't seen him. He had been too busy trying to ruin my career. The one part of my life that I had some control over.
"Am I fired?"
Mandy's eyes went wide. "That's not my decision. I know the phone call came from very high up but I will try and sort it out. We need you here. Why don't you take the day off and I will let you know as soon as I know ok."
"Ok."
Glancing over my shoulder I looked at my mum. I should stay by her side but if she woke up and saw me like this then it would make her worry. I needed to go somewhere and regroup. 
If Julian thought he could ruin my career then he had another thing coming. I would fight him on this. I would fight him to the ends of the world.
Not looking back I began to head back towards the exit and walked straight into Forrest's wide chest. His hands came out to steady me. "Hey. What's wrong?" 
One look at my face and he knew something had happened. That's what made him such a good friend. 
"Nothing, what are you doing here?"
His eyebrows knitted together. "You asked me to come and watch over your mother. Now tell me what's wrong."
My lips pursed. "My husband is trying to ruin my career."
His eyes darkened. "You mean Prince Julian?" His voice was a whisper.
"I mean my asshole husband." I hissed.
"Stop now Cassie." He hushed me. "You can't be heard talking about him like that. Not here. I'm pretty sure the walls have ears. Come on-" he slid my hand into the crook of his arm. "Let's go and get breakfast and you can fill me in."


***


"I see." Across the small plastic table Forrest blew on his tea even though I knew it was already cool enough to drink. "You really aren't having much luck are you?"
Tearing off the edge of of my croissant I growled before stuffing it into my mouth and chewing. At least there was still pastries. At least Julian couldn't take away the joys of eating from me.
"So the placement with the unit was given to Megan?" 
"Yep." I said with my mouthful. 
"And now you may have lost your job at the hospital?"
"Uh huh." I swallowed down the sweet buttery pastry and reached for my coffee. "And don't forget Megan's leaving party. I'm pretty sure they arrived together."
Forrest's eyebrows arched upwards. "Did they leave together?"
"No idea." I shrugged. "I left before him. I couldn't stand to sit opposite them a second longer."
"You think they are having an affair?"
"I have no idea and I honestly don't care."
Over the rim of his cup he chuckled. "You look and sound like you care , Cassie."
"That he might be sleeping with her?" My eyes flashed "I really don't." 
That was only partly true though. I did care a little bit especially after the telling off he had given me about straying away from our marriage. More than likely he had been doing exactly the same and with my coworker no less.
"I do care that he seems be using Megan to ruin my career prospects. She is not the doctor I am."
"Agreed." Forrest looked thoughtful. "And I do think it may have to do with Megan. I just don't know what yet."
Sipping at my drink I studied him. "She has like a million boyfriends. Why shouldn't my husband be one of them?"
Throwing back his head Forrest laughed. "Now you really do sound jealous, Cassie. It doesn't suit you."
He reached across the table and patted my hand. "This isn't the Cassie I know. The old Cassie would be making a plan right now. Or she would already have one."
"I'm about to lose my job Forrest." I spat.
"What is your plan?" He asked again more firmly.
I took a deep breath. He was right of course. But then again he usually was. 
"I'm going to fight." I finally said.
"For your man?" The corner of his mouth twitched.
Squinting at him I shook my head. "Hell no. Megan can have him. They are welcome to each other but I am going to fight for my career. I've worked too hard for him to take it away from me."
"And how are you going to do that?"
I grinned at him because he was right. I was usually the girl with a plan. I didn't wallow in self pity. I made things happen.
"But I am going to go home and start sending resumes. I've been getting emails from hospitals for years offering me positions."
"There's my girl." Forrest squeezed my fingers. "Welcome back Cassie. I thought we had lost you there for a second."
"No. Almost but I'm not lost. I'm a fighter."

###chapter 21
Julian 

I watched as Ian appeared back on the street and leant forward as the man who my wife had just been having breakfast with stepped out after him. 
Tall with chestnut brown hair that glinted in the sun , he had a handsome face. A soft gentle face behind his glasses but the body wasn't soft at all. Even under his thick cable knit jumper I could tell he was solid. Maybe even bigger and with more pronounced muscles than I had.
I frowned, leaning forward. 
Was this the kind of man my wife preferred? Was he the one she had spent our wedding night with? Instant rage and dislike filled me, puffing my chest out.
"Alpha." The car door opened , letting in a blast of icy air. The weather was changing rapidly now as it always did this time of year and I shivered. "This is Mr Green. Please get in Mr Green. This won't take long."
"Doctor." The man snapped but he did as he was asked. Maybe he realised this was serious and didn't want to make a scene. 
"Doctor?" I asked and my voice shook with barely contained anger.
"Yes I am doctor Green. What seems to be the problem sir?" Finally he lifted his eyes to me and I could see the moment he recognised me. His eyes lowered quickly and his breath sped up just a little bit. "Prince Julian. Forgive me-"
"Have you done something that needs my forgiveness Doctor." I  stressed the last word. If he wanted me to use his honorific then I would but he would use mine as well.
"No of course not." He peeked at me through his thick lashes. "Do you need my help?"
"Your highness." I corrected quickly and he darted a look at me.
"Sorry your highness." He amended , his cheeks flaming. He might be blushing but the distaste coming from him was palpable. 
Forrest Green didn't like me very much and it was obvious. Which was just fine by me because I wasn't his biggest fan either.
"So do you need my forgiveness?" Leaning back I studied him. "Tell me doctor how do you know my wife?"
"Your wife?" His eyes widened. "Oh Cassie." His shoulders tensed.
"Yes Cassie." I nodded my head and waited for him to continue. I could tell by his face he was trying to figure out what to tell me. 
"My wife." I added again even though I didn't need to. "You were just with her weren't you?"
I waited to see if he was going to lie to me. If he did then I would know he was the one she was seeing behind my back. 
"We just had breakfast yes." Forrest answered evenly.
"And you just happened to meet?" I lifted my eyebrows. My voice dripping sarcasm. 
He shot me a look, like he thought I was a moron and I wanted to punch his perfect white teeth into the back of his throat. He just had that kind of face. One I wanted to hurt.
"No your highness. She called me in as a trusted fellow shifter doctor to take over the care of her mother as Cassie and Megan were both not available." He took a deep breath. "I saw her at the hospital and she was upset."
"So you offered her a shoulder to cry on?"
He made a choking sound in the back of his throat. "I offered her a friendly ear."
"Are you her friend then? A special friend?"
"I don't know what you mean by special friend, your highness. I am her friend that is all."
He sounded sincere but my wolf still wanted to rip his throat out. Taking a deep breath I forced myself to calm down.
"Have you known her long?"
"Since college." The corners of his mouth twitched up. "She was a junior when I was introduced to her. She was always taking classes ahead of her year. And she usually aced them all."
"She's a good doctor?"
"The best there is but more than that she is a good person." He added quickly. "You won't find anyone who will say otherwise."
"No?" I lifted my eyebrow in a silent question. "Is she very friendly with everyone she meets or just every man?"
"I think you have Cassie mixed up with someone else your highness. Cassie is good. Even back in college she tried to be the best person she could be. Even with everything happening at home she was still-"
"What do you mean at home?"
He swallowed hard. "With her mom being sick and her father parading his mistress everywhere. Everyone knew it was heartbreak that made her mother ill and slip into a coma. But Cassie never let the misery of her home life dampen her spirit.  Even when the money for hospital bills dried up because her father was spending it on his mistress she didn't complain. She just took a second job."
I stared at him. Why was I never told any of this? I had thought she was like her father. Money grabbing and power hungry.
"Everything she has in life she has worked for your highness. She had to. It wasn't like her father would ever give it to her. Even his admiration. I went to her graduation. He didn't."
I frowned. "Why?"
"Why didn't her father bother?" Forrest shrugged. "She wasn't a boy and he's blamed her for that since the moment she was born."
"I see." I said except I didn't see. How could a father treat his child like that? When I was a dad I would dote on my child whether they were a boy or a girl.  "Thank you." I had a lot to think about and I wanted to be alone to do it. "You may go now."
He opened the door and again the wind gust in. "One second." Reaching out my hand closed around his thick jumper. "Did you spend time with her on-" I gave him the date. 
He looked at me blankly. "No your highness. I wasn't even in the country. Why "
I shook my head, motioning for him to go.  It wasn't him she was seeing then. It was someone else.
"Did you get the answers you need?" Ian bent down and popped his head into the car.
"Some." I nodded. "But mostly I came away with more questions."


***


I got home later that evening . Not because I was busy but because I was thinking and not just what Forrest had told me earlier. I had spoken to other people who knew her as well. And they all said the same thing.
Cassie was a good person.
I just couldn't bring myself to believe it. What were they seeing in her that I wasn't? 
Moving through the quiet house I paused. There was light coming from one of the living rooms. Like someone had left the tv on. 
Quietly I tiptoed into the room. Glancing around. It wasn't a tv though. Someone had left their laptop on and open on the coffee table and that person was asleep.
Curled up on the sofa with her cheek nestled on her arm , Cassie looked completely relaxed. She was even snoring softly.
I took a few seconds to stare down at her. To study her features when she couldn't school them in to indifference.
She was beautiful. I admitted to myself and my wolf huffed a yes. But then he had always thought she was beautiful . And he was downright smitten by her dark as midnight wolf with its pale blue eyes.
My wolf was a horn dog.
His taste couldn't be trusted.
Reaching down I pulled the soft throw from the back of the sofa to cover her. It was early to be sleeping but-
My fingers skimmed the side of her breast and her eyes flew open. Panic filled them.
She launched herself upwards. Her hands tore at my shirt and the buttons scattered. Landing every corner of the room with tiny little clatters.
"Cassie." Gripping her shoulders I held her away from me. There was nothing in her eyes but fear. "Cassie wake up." I shook her.
Slowly the sleep left her eyes. She blinked at me in a daze. "Julian." Her voice wobbled. "What are you doing?" Glancing down she stared at her hands on the naked skin of my chest. I followed her gaze.
She had the smallest hands , petite and skilled. And they felt good against my skin. 
My mouth went dry as a wave of lust washed over me. 
I stepped away. "Was you even really asleep? Or was this some ruse to try and get me into bed? That's more your style isn't it?"
Tears filled her eyes and she wiped them away angrily like she didn't want me to see them. My chest gave a pang of guilt. I was being mean on purpose and I didn't know why. 
She just brought out the nasty side of me.
"I-" she hiccuped into the back of her hand. "I was having a nightmare." Her hands slipped from my chest and I instantly missed the feel of her hands on me.
What the hell was wrong with me? I hated her. She was like a ball and chain around me. Weighing me down. If I didn't get rid of her soon, I would drown. But at the same time I wanted her.
At least I wanted her body.
"I see. Well." I raked my eyes down her body. "Tidy yourself up. I want you to join me for dinner."

###chapter 22
Cassie

The last thing I wanted to do was eat with him but I was trapped in this marriage now and I had to make an effort. It was the only thing that would make it liveable. We had to learn to live together or at least learn to be civil to each other. Especially in public.
Not that the privacy of our home was public but it would be good practice. 
It took me ten minutes of sitting on the sofa and staring at nothing before I felt strong enough to stand and go and find him.
It had taken me that long to get over the tingly feeling in my hands where I had touched his naked skin.  Such a strange feeling. Like static electricity was flowing through me anytime I was near him.
Probably just my dislike for him. I chuckled to myself as I wandered through our too big house. He wasn't in the kitchen which was where I usually ate my meals.
"I am in here Cassie." His voice called to me and I turned towards the formal dining room. Pushing open the door I took in the sight in front of me. He'd had the table set.
There were so many knives and forks laid out by my plate that the lights made them sparkle and I had to squint against the glare.
"You didn't change." He studied me from his place as I took my seat.
"I didn't know I was meant to. Are we expecting company?" Ignoring his pointed look I picked up one of the spoons and began to eat the soup. Which was delicious. But then again everything I had eaten here had been delicious.
Julian watched me with raised eyebrows. "Are you not going to ask me what spoon you should use? I noticed you struggled with good table etiquette when we were at the palace." Julian's handsome face creased into a cruel smile. He was trying to get a rise out of me.
"No." I sipped at the spoon and closed my eyes. "This food is meant to be enjoyed. So I am going to enjoy it." I slurped loudly and his eyes blazed.
"You are eating like an animal." He growled out as I slurped away. "How do you expect people to like you, if you can't even act like a lady?"
"Would acting prim and proper make you like me?" I dropped the spoon to the table and stared at him.
"Maybe."
I picked up the spoon again with a laugh and wolfed down the last of the soup in my bowl. If he thought the possibility of him liking me was going to get me to change my eating habits he was in for a shock. I liked food. Julian had already meddled in every aspect of my life. I wasn't going to let him take away my love of eating. 
He stared at me but instead of blowing up like I expected him to, he threw his head back and laughed. 
"You really are something else Cassie." He said, shaking his head. "I was warned you were."
I froze. "What do you mean you were warned?" My voice shook with nerves.
"I spent the day speaking to your acquaintances." He answered smoothly and my anger replaced the nerves.
"How dare you." The chair fell back with a crash I stood up so quickly. "How dare you-"
"Forrest was very informative." His smile grew wider and wider and my heart fell. If he knew about Forrest and I meeting for breakfast then things were going to go really badly for me. He would presume the worst.
"You haven't hurt him have you?"
Julian moved so quickly that his arm was a blur. Catching me around the waist he drew me between his thighs. So I was trapped there. 
"Why would I hurt him, Cassie?" His fingers squeezed at my hips. It was uncomfortable but not painful. The discomfort came because his touch was again doing weird things to my body.  
"Because you care for him?" He taunted. "Would I do such a thing?" His voice was mocking.
"Yes, I can't believe you. You're an asshole and -" I tried to tear myself away from his hands but it was impossible. I may as well have been trapped in a vice.
"Easy now." Julian growled and pulled me in closer. Even sitting down , he seemed to tower over me. He filled every space 
Even the space in my lungs. It was like his scent filled me and it was hard to breathe. He was suffocating me just with his presence.
"Be careful Cassie." He warned. "I am your husband." Reaching up he pressed his finger to my lips. "Now I know that means nothing to you so maybe try and remember I am your boss as well." Back and forth he rubbed his finger across my lips and the dark look in his eyes was unreadable. "You should make more of an effort to be nice to me." 
My lips parted and the tip of one finger slipped into my mouth. 
My heart stopped.
His sped up, I could hear it so clearly. Thundering against his chest. 
"Your friend is fine. We just spoke. He cares about you a lot." He said finally and I let out a sigh of relief. My hot breath blew over his hand and he trembled.
"I would like you to join me at a party this weekend." He was breathing as heavily as I was. His finger still pressed against me. 
God I hated him. Just like I knew he hated me but the attraction between us was out of the world. Maybe because we hated each other so much.
"I have-"
"No you don't." He slipped his finger fully into my mouth and my lips closed around it before I could think about it. "Maybe I wasn't clear. You will be accompanying me. Remember what I just said Cassie. It will be better for you if you are nice to me."
I swallowed hard, not because of his words which were bad enough but because a wave of nausea rushed up my throat. 
"I'm going to-" I tore myself out of his arms and ran. I had never run so fast in my entire life but I barely got to the bathroom in time. 
The soup came back up in a rush , and it wasn't so nice coming back up. Gagging and retching, I finally fell backwards. Resting my sweaty cheek against the cool sink.
The soup must have been bad? Or maybe it had been my disgusting husbands finger in my mouth.
Or maybe-
My eyes found my toiletries. And the blue box that stood unopened.
I frowned at it.
Oh no.
Oh please goddess no.

###chapter 23
Cassie 


"I'm really sorry Cassie but we are going to have to let you go." 
The words said to me that morning were still echoing in my head. Bouncing around like a rubber ball. 
I had been expecting it but it still came as a shock. 
It was just another thing in my life that was imploding around me.
But at least-
My eyes found the woman sitting up in the bed and I reached for her hand. Squeezing it gently. She still looked pale but honestly she looked better than I had seen in her in years. And she was awake and her new heart was working. 
Modern medicine was an amazing thing.
With everything that was going on around me and my life in shambles around my feet at least I had my mom back in my life.
"Are you ok?" Her voice was weak but the way she squeezed my fingers back was strong. 
She was going to be fine. I let out a sigh. "I'm fine mam." 
For a second her eyes dimmed as she stared at me. "I could always tell when you were lying Cassie. Your face gives you away. Tell me what's been going on?"
I knew she meant well but I suddenly couldn't breathe. How could I tell her everything that was going on in my life? She had been asleep for most of it. Hell she was only awake and alive now because of the sacrifices I was making.
Not that I could ever tell her any of that. She would blame herself. When in reality the only person who was to blame was me.
These were the decisions I had made and I would have to live with them.
I would live with them. 
"How is Julian?" She asked quietly. 
I forced myself to smile. "He's fine." I lied. Truth was I had no idea how he was. I hadn't seen him since the night we had eaten together. I could have almost forgotten he existed if it wasn't for the fact he had made me lose my job and I had to spend the evening on his arm, pretending I was madly in love with him. 
"What's wrong Cassie?" Cocking her head to the side she studied me. She had always been very perceptive and now was no different. She knew I was hiding something. 
"Nothing." 
My mothers top lip thinned slightly. "Are things between you and Julian not going well? I told your dad when the arrangement were first made that you two should meet first. You were very different even when you were children."
"Oh no mam. Me and Julian are just fine." Beaming at her the lies just kept coming. "We had a beautiful dinner together the other night." One where I had acted like an ass, threw up and then realised my period was late I added silently .
"That's good." She didn't sound so sure. "And tonight?" She motioned to the dress I was wearing. "You look very beautiful. Are you going out?"
"Yes to a party with Julian." My cheeks were starting to hurt because I was forcing myself to smile so much.  Lying really was exhausting.
"And I lead the full moon run with him at the palace." I added.
My mothers head snapped up. And real interest flickered into her eyes. "Was your dad proud?"
"Daddy wasn't there." I admitted and instantly regretted it as her face fell. 
"Have you seen him?"
"Not so much mam. But I've been busy with work and-" I grinned with a wink. "Then obviously I've been spending most of my free time with Julian."
I so desperately needed her to believe that everything was fine. I didn't want her feeling bad. 
"I haven't seen him either." Her voice dropped and the pain in it pierced my heart. I hated that she was hurting. 
"He hasn't come to visit."
"I am sure he has just been busy but I will talk to him." 
"I don't want you to force him to come and visit." 
She broke my heart with the sadness in her voice. Reaching over I pressed my lips to her cheek and they were wet with tears that I hadn't noticed were falling from her eyes. 
"Of course he wants to come Mamma." I hated seeing her like this. So broken. She had been through so much already and now she deserves to be happy. 
I would make sure she was happy. Even if it meant I had to drag him here personally. 
"I'll get him to visit." I promised.
Behind us someone cleared their throat.
"Cassie." Ian nodded his head politely, and then grinned at my mother. Striding forward he held out his hand. "Cassie, you never said you had an even better looking sister."
In the bed my mother giggled and blushed like a school girl and I shot him a look of thanks. He had said just the right thing. He had made her feel beautiful. 
"Unfortunately I am going to have to drag Cassie away." He gave me a pointed look and my heart sank. I knew that look , it meant I was about to deal with Julian.
"Julian is waiting in the car." He added.
Leaning over my mother again I kissed her cheek again. "Get some rest mamma. I'll be back tomorrow. Hopefully with daddy."
Ian shot me a look at my blatant lie but he didn't say a word.
Ian let me lead the way and the moment I stepped out in to the slight drizzle I knew why. Julian wasn't in the car. He was waiting for me outside of it. Leaning on the door and looking as dashing as a supermodel.
Nurses rushed passed, eyeing him hungrily. It made me roll my eyes. If only they knew the ugliness hidden behind his handsome face.
He straightened when he saw me and there was a flicker of admiration in his eyes when he looked at me.
"You look be- presentable ." Sliding his hand over my hip he pulled me into him and his face descended. 
I lifted my face expectantly , and my eyes closed.
Julian's laugh was mocking and the kiss I had expected never materialised. 
My eyes flew open and his laughing face filled my sight.
"You thought I was going to kiss you, didn't you?"
I pouted. I hated the mocking tone in his voice. I hated it just as much as I hated him.
"No."
His smile was knowing. Opening the door he gestured for me to get into the back of the limo. Sliding in next to me and closing the door. As soon as the door slammed shut it was like we were in a dark bubble. 
A bubble of two. Where we were alone and wrapped in warm darkness. 
"It looked like you wanted me to kiss you." He said quietly and I jumped as his hand came down on my knee.
Turning to him I met his eyes in the darkness. They were glowing or maybe that was just my imagination. 
"Ask me." He ordered.
"Ask you what?"
His hand slid further up my thigh. Bunching the satin of my dress under his hand. 
"To kiss you." Julian's voice had turned low and husky. The voice of a man hell bent on seducing rje woman in front of him. 
"If you ask me nicely enough then I will give you what you so desperately need." His eyes glittered. "You do need it don't you? I mean a woman like you has-"
At my side my hand clenched  into a fist. I desperately wanted to slap him. 
"I would rather die that kiss you Mr-"
His eyebrows shot up. "Did you just call me Mr? I am Julian, your highness or alpha. You will not lower my standing to a plain Mr like I am a normal man."
I turned away from him with a sneer. He was infuriating and so self obsessed it was sickening.
"I am sorry your highness alpha Julian." I said mockingly moving my leg away from him so his hand dropped to the seat between us. "Now shall we get to this party. I don't want to spend a minute longer with you than I have to."
"Then sign the divorce papers ." He snapped back. 
I remained silent. If only it was that simple.


 ###chapter 24
Cassie


This party was much better than the last one I had been to. For one thing it was so much bigger. There were so many shifters here and not just wolves either.  I didn't know what everyone was celebrating but I was looking forward to escaping my husband's clutches and talking to people.
Networking  crowds like this was something I was good at. I was a friendly person and people liked me. And in this room were so many powerful, important people. People who could help me get my career back on track. 
Julian might say he was my boss but he wasn't the boss of the other shifters. 
"Let's dance." Julian thrust his hand out and for a second I stared at it unseeing.
"Cassie?" He prompted. His voice was a low menacing hiss. "Dance."
Slowly I slipped my hand into his and let myself be pulled upwards and toward the dance floor that was in the middle of the ballroom.
He twirled me once and a small cheer of appreciation went up from the crowd that was watching us.
Julian's hand slipped against the small of my back and pulled me so tightly against him that I could feel every hard ridge of muscle through his tuxedo and shirt. 
"Why exactly are we dancing?"
"Because." His hand slipped upwards so he was touching my skin through the cut out in the back of my dress. "It's what is expected of us."
"And you have to hold me this tightly because." I lifted my face to search his. 
"Because we are meant to be madly in love newly weds?" Julian was smiling and it drove me crazy and not in a good way. 
God I hated him. I hated his handsome face and the smug way he spoke to me like he thought he was better than everyone else around him. 
"Why?" He dropped his face to my ear and I stifled a moan as his hot breath brushed against my skin.
I hated my body's reaction to him the most.
I knew why he was doing it though. He was putting on a show for the other party goers.  To anyone looking on it would look like he was whispering sweet nothings in my ear or even kissing my neck.
Neither one of those things were true.
"Don't you do the right thing and sign the damn divorce papers." He murmured in a deep sultry voice. "Free us both from this nightmare."
"No." I didn't add that I couldn't do that. And neither did I mention the contract his grandfather the king had made me sign. I had no idea if Julian was aware of that. 
Probably not. If he knew then he wouldn't be pushing the divorce so hard. Unless of purse there was someone else he wanted to marry. Someone like Megan.
I shook the thought away. 
"Neither one of us are happy." His lips brushed my ear. "So why not?"
He twirled me away for him for a second before pulling me back into him with such force that my teeth rattled.
"Do you have to be so rough." I hissed.
Chuckling he swept my hair back behind my hair. "Yes." He whispered. "And I can get a lot rougher."
I trembled at the promise in his voice and hated myself for it. 
And he felt it. His laugh in my ear was mocking. "Oh not rough in the way you are wanting Cassie. But If you don't free me then I will make your life rough."
Aware that everyone was watching our every move I reached up and began to run my fingers through the thick dark hair at the back of his head. 
"You already do."
"Oh no Cassie." He brushed his lips against my cheek in a kiss that wasn't quite a kiss. I didn't know what it was but it wasn't a kiss. It almost felt threatening.  "If you don't free me then I will make your life a living hell. I promise you that. I will ruin your life."
The music ended and he stepped backwards, lifting my arm high as the people around us erupted into applause.
They thought we were in love. Madly and deeply. Some of them might even think that we were fated mates. They looked at us and saw happiness when in reality the opposite was true.
We hated each other and were miserable. At least I was. Julian seemed to be enjoying himself. 
He got some kind of twisted pleasure from hurting me. 
"I need to go to the bathroom if you will excuse me." 
"Don't be long." His hand slipped from my back but it was like I could still feel the heat of it on my skin. A burning sensation. 
Maybe he was toxic enough to actually leave a hand print on my skin. I wouldn't put it passed him at all. 
"They will expect us to dance again soon."
Not answering him, I walked away. My limbs trembling with the need to get away from him even for a few seconds. I didn't know why but he frightened me and excited me in equal measures and I just needed a few moments to catch my breath.
"Hello again Cassie."
I stifled a scream as alpha Bill stepped out of a darkened doorway and reached for me in one fluid movement. His hand curled around my wrist and dragged me into the shadows.
"Get your hands off of me." I cried out but the music from the ballroom drowned out the sound of my voice. The last time I had been alone with him, he had drugged and tried to rape me. I didn't want to be alone with him again. 
Not ever.
"What do you want?" I growled out when it became clear that no one was going to come and rescue me. "I thought prince Julian made it clear that you were to leave me alone."
Throwing back his head Bill laughed. "Julian doesn't scare me, and anyway." He stepped into my space. Trapping me against the door with one twist of his body. He crushed me, his arms on either side of my head so I was trapped with nowhere to go.
"Rumours are you want him to leave you alone." His eyes bored down into mine.
It was so strange. Bill was a handsome man but when he looked at me there was only fear clenched my body. Not fear and excitement like when Julian did. 
"The gossips are wrong."
"Are they?" His hand slid down my cheek. Tenderly almost but it made me want to scream. I didn't want him to touch me. "Because I've been watching you. You don't look like you are in love. Most of the time you don't even look like you like each other. What hold does he have over you that keeps you trapped to him?" One smooth thumb rubbed across my lip. "I can help free you of him, Cassie. Let me help you." Grinning Bill forced his thumb into my mouth. His eyes darkening. 
I did the only thing I could think of. I bit down hard. My sharp teeth piercing his skin so my mouth was suddenly full of his coppery blood.
He howled. His arm lashed backwards but he didn't strike. Slowly he lowered it and grinned. 
"You don't want me as an enemy Cassie, remember that." Without another word he walked away, slipping into the crowd in the ballroom and disappeared.
Letting out a sigh of relief I sagged against the door and closed my eyes. That had been close.
I didn't know what Bills problem was but I felt it had more to do with Julian than me. I was just a pawn in a battle that I didn't understand yet.
But I would. 
All of these big strong alpha males were trying to use me but I just wasn't the kind of woman who would be used. I had been through too much to let any of them push me around.
Forrest was right, I had to start remembering who I was and fight back.
The door knob behind me twisted and I leapt away but the door didn't open more than an inch before a voice hit me. A very familiar voice.
I flattened myself to the wall. 
What was Megan doing here?

  ###chapter 25
Julian 


 Cassie didn't go to the bathroom like she had said she was but I hadn't expected her to. I knew she had wanted to escape me and I couldn't blame her for that. I kind of wanted a second to catch my breath myself.
I didn't want her like a husband should want his wife. I didn't have any affection for her but the fact that I wanted her physically could no longer be denied.  Hell, I could still feel the skin of her back under my fingertips.
Through the open doorway of  the ballroom my eyes found her still in the doorway where Bill had just cornered her.  I had been watching them, ready at any minute to go and prove to Bill once and for all where he stood and that he wasn't to approach my wife again. He really was pushing my buttons and hers as well it seemed because it really looked like she bit him.
It kind of made me proud of her. She had fought back and that showed a back bone. But didn't I know that already? She already gave me a run for my money. She was quick and sharp and wasn't afraid to tell you exactly what she thought. 
She didn't need anyone to protect.
My eyes scanned her body. Maybe tonight she did though because damn that dress. I had chosen it because it had looked frumpy and shapeless on the hanger but it was neither of those things and she looked like a damn movie star in it. All glamorous and beautiful. 
Untouchable in a way that made me want her even more and I knew every single guy in the room thought the same way. 
Alpha bill would not be the only man who would approach her tonight because not every person here was my friend. If my enemies thought they could lure my wife away then they would.
Hell, Bill had been doing his best to do just that.
I might not want her to remain my wife but I didn't want anyone else to have her either. 
It would be best to stay close to her side. At least for tonight I could put away the hatred and act charming. 
Plus it would give me an excuse to touch that patch of tanned skin that was bare on her back. I could trace my fingers up her spine and feel her tremble with a longing that  I would never fulfil for her. It was nice that she lusted after me though.
I liked that.
I wanted her to want me.
My eyes traced her body from afar. 
That dress looked better on her than the other skin tight one of Megan's party. This one still clung to her but in a different way. A mouthwatering way.
The kind of way where you would enjoy peeling the silky material away to show the body underneath.
My mouth went dry at the thought.
She really was something else to look at. Instant lust filled me. Overwhelming all my senses until I was moving towards her without even really thinking about it.
I wanted her next to me. Maybe I wanted more. Would she even be willing?
I had reached the doorway when I realised something was wrong with her and it had nothing to do with the blood on her lips which I knew wasn't hers.
She had obviously bitten Bill hard enough to make him bleed into her mouth.
But it wasn't that that was putting the look on her face. Ig was something else.
She was  leaning in close to the door. Her eyes wide and it hit me in a rush. She was listening in to whatever was going on in that private room and if her face was anything to go by , it was juicy gossip indeed.
Even as I watched she pressed her eye to the crack of the door and looked inside.
I stepped into the alcove next to her and she snapped upwards. A guilty look crossed her face at being caught spying and I opened my mouth to tease her and snapped it shut again as Megan's voice echoed around me.
"You are awful."
"It's not what it looks like." Cassie began to say and I crushed my hand over her mouth silencing her and pinning her to the wall.  
Holding my finger to my lips I listened and again I heard megan's voice. Frowning I leant into Cassie. "SSH." I whispered. 
I wanted to know what Megan was saying because I wanted to know why she was here. At this party. I had spoken to her not many days ago and she had told me she was busy training.
I knew how vigorous  the training with the royal medical unit was. So I knew she shouldn't be here.
"Oh Ryder." Megan giggled and I could instantly tell she had been drinking. Another thing that was expressly forbidden.  "You really are persistent."
"That's because I want you Megan." A male voice groaned. I racked my brain to see if I knew any shifter called Ryder and came back blank. I didn't recognize the voice either.
"I've always wanted you." He carried on with a growl in his voice. "And you want me to. Otherwise you wouldn't be here."
Megan giggled. Only it sounded more sarcastic than flirty.
"I'm here because it's a fun party and I need a bit of fun in my life. Between the unit training and Cole."
The man called Ryder growled loudly. "Don't talk about that asshole. You should dump him and be with me and only me. I look after you Megan." His voice dropped so low that I could barely hear it. "I have looked after you for years."
"I know." Megan's voice had turned sultry. I could almost imagine her rubbing herself against him. "And I am appreciative but you aren't the only man who wants to look after me."
"You mean the prince." He asked.
I stiffened. Above my hand Cassie's eyes went saucer round. 
"Oh forget the prince." Megan giggled. "I fancy him even less that I fancy you Ryder. You are just useful. But maybe you have forgotten our arrangement?"
"I've forgotten nothing Megan. I'm the one who pays your bills, remember and if you want that to continue then I want our relationship to progress." There was a bark in his voice. "I don't want you to see anyone else."
She sighed. "How much do you want? How much is it going to cost to get you to leave me alone once and for all?"
I was reeling.  Not because megan was clearly in a relationship with more than one man but because of what she had said about me.
Was that what she really thought and if it was then what the hell had changed? 
The wet sound of kissing filled my ears and made me feel sick.
"Stop it Ryder." Megan said but there was a moan in her voice. The kind of moan that told me she was enjoying what was being done to her.
"You  like it." Ryder groaned .
I had heard enough. Gripping Cassie's arm I dragged her away. Away from the room. Away from the ballroom and towards one of the back exits.
There was a cat waiting for me out there but I wasn't going to use it.
"Go home." I gave Cassie a little shove and she stumbled forward. Only regaining her footing at the last minute. She whirled around her and glared at me.
"Asshole." Her lips curled up in a sneer and I didn't know if she was cussing me out for pushing her or because of what she had just heard. I knew how it sounded.
"Go home Cassie. Go anywhere as long as you're not near me and do not-" I lowered my voice to a hiss as wave and wave of humiliation hit me. "Mention what you heard tonight to anyone else. Ever."
Not waiting to see if she agreed, I pushed myself into the nearest room and slammed the door behind me.
I needed a second. Just a minute to process everything. 
"Ian?" The mind link with my beta clicked into place instantly.
"Everything ok Julian?" His reply came back quickly and I could hear the worry in his voice. "Are you and Cassie fighting again?"
"No, yes but that's not what I want you for. I want you to go to the hospital and find out who it was that saved me?"
"megan. Megan was the one working."
I thought back to what I had just heard. The woman who had saved me had been so willing to be held by me. She had wanted me.
And the link between us had been so strong that I hadn't been able to think of anything else since.
I wasn't even sure Megan liked me, she sure as hell didn't find me attractive.
"It wasn't megan." I snapped. "So find out who the hell it was before I go crazy."

  ###chapter 26

Cassie



Sitting in the back of the sleek black town car I leant my head on the cool window and closed my eyes.
Tonight had been just another disaster but at least now I knew what I had suspected all along. 
Julian had been in love with Megan. That's why he had given her what was meant to be mine. Why he seemed to favour her above all others. It shouldn't hurt but it did.
It made my chest ache.
I had seen the hurt on his face when he had overheard her with Ryder. The pain and misery in his eyes.
It should have made me feel happy that he was in pain but it didn't. No one should ever have to find out that the person they loved was cheating on them like that.
And whether they were in love or just fucking didn't really matter. Megan had played him.
In a way it kind of reminded me of my mother's situation. My mum loved my dad even now after everything he had done to her , she still doted on him.
I never wanted to be in that situation. So reliant on other people for my happiness. So locked in a relationship that was toxic that I couldn't see a way out.
But wasn't that exactly the kind of relationship I was in? I was trapped in a love less marriage with a man who had just had his heart broken by another woman. 
Julian would never love me. He had said so himself. If I didn't divorce him then he would make my life hell. Those had been his very words.
And I believed him.
Which meant I couldn't stay married to him. I had to get myself out of the contract the king had made me sign and that would take money. A lot of money. 
Plus my mother would need more hospital care going forward. And that wasn't going to be cheap.
I didn't even have a job anymore. How the hell was I meant to pay for my freedom without a job.
"Miss Cassie." 
My eyes flew open to find the driver staring at me in the rear view mirror. His eyes worried. "Are you ok?"
"Yes." Absently i brushed away the tears on my cheek. I wasn't even upset. I was silently crying because I was angry. 
Angry at Julian, angry at myself.
Angry at my dad for putting me in this situation.
Jerking upright I frowned. 
My dad.
He was the answer to all of this because he was the one who controlled my mothers money. He had no money of his own only hers and he had taken control when she became sick.
Some of that money was mine. Promised to me in my grandfathers will on the day of my marriage. Well I was married now and I needed it.
It would be enough to get me out of the Kings contract, with enough left over to maybe buy a small home for me and mum and start a small clinic.
We could be happy.
I just needed to get my hands on the money that was owed to me.
Leaning forward I tapped the driver on the shoulder. "Could you take me to my fathers house please." I glanced around the area and frowned. "It's actually not far from here."
"Of course, miss. I'll take you wherever you want."
I quickly gave him the address and settled back down against the buttery leather of the seats. It was hard to relax but I managed it.
Daddy couldn't argue with me about the money. It was mine by law and it would make all my problems go away.
I smiled to myself. 
I would be free of Julian once and for all.
My happy mood evaporated the moment the car pulled on to my dads drive. There was a new car packed outside his door. A flashy red sports thing that I knew he shouldn't be able to afford.
"Can you wait here for me please." Without waiting for an answer I climbed out the car and hobbled up the path towards the front door.
I knocked once and waited.
And then I waited some more.
I knew someone was in because the lights were on.
Lifting my hand I went to knock again and the door finally opened. Illuminating my fathers mistress.
"Did you forget something baby or can't you stay away from me for five minutes." She cooed. "Oh Cassie. It's you. I thought you were your daddy."
I curled my lip in disgust. "I gathered that and gross, don't say the word daddy again in my presence. Can I come in or are you going out?" I took in the short dress that barely skimmed her thighs and the heavy fur coat draped over her shoulders.
She was just yucky. Tacky.
"Oh no." She stepped back with a flourish. "Please come in. But take your shoes off. I've just had the carpets shampooed."
"You wouldn't need to if you had left the beautiful hardwood flooring my mom put down." 
It was ludicrous that she was inviting me into the house my mother actually owned. This was my childhood home.
"Well we are renovating some rooms to get things ready for-" her hand lovingly went to her stomach and my eyes bulged out of my head.
The bump was small but it was still a bump.
"You're pregnant?" I couldn't help the wobble in my voice.
She beamed at me. Totally oblivious to my scowl. Either she didn't care that I hated her or she was to stupid to notice I did.
"I'm about six months gone. That's why we were out this evening." She answered a question I hadn't asked. "Celebrating our happy news. We are having a boy. You're going to have a better Cassie." She hugged me awkwardly and I didn't know what to do.
"Well this is a nice surprise. I didn't expect to see you tonight Cassie."
"Hello dad." I forced myself to smile. I was always forcing myself. I didn't even remember how to smile because I was happy. "Annie." I felt sick even saying that homewreckers  name "Was just telling me your happy news and showing me the home improvements you are making." Sarcasm dripped from my voice and he picked up on it straight away.
His eyes narrowed. "Here is four ice cream Annie my love. Why don't you take it up to bed. I'm just going to chat to Cassie a moment." Grabbing my arm he dragged me towards the sitting room. Almost throwing me towards a chair. "What do you want, Cassie?"
I stood there. Hands on my hips and scowled straight back at him. "How much of mothers money are you spending on that whore?" Never before in my life had I called another woman that word but when it came to Annie I forgot myself. 
His slap took me by surprise. "Don't ever call her that ever again. She is the mother of my child. Of my son. I won't ever have her disrespected." He scowled down at me.
Hand pressed to my burning cheek I straightened slowly. "How much money?" I repeated.
"It's my money as well. Money your mum owes me. Our marriage contract said she had to produce a child and she failed. She's an old barren witch."
His words hurt but they shouldn't have. He had said similar things before. It always seemed to slip his mind that I was his child as well. Being a girl didn't seem to count to him. 
"You're a disgusting human."
"What do you want, Cassie. Tell me and get out." He repeated. 
"The money I was promised if I married. I need it."
He laughed right in my face. His cheeks turning red. "Why do you need money Cassie. You're married to the future king. It would be me asking you for a loan."
"It's not a loan." I said between gritted teeth. "It's my inheritance. So write the Cheque or do the transfer and I'll never darken your door again. You can go back to living your lie."
"Fine." He shook his head. "I'll write you a cheque." Walking over to a sideboard he yanked open a drawer.  For a second there was silence as he signed the piece of paper that would mean my freedom.
"There." He pushed the folded piece of paper into my hand. "I suggest you spend it on yourself. Your hair and make up." He motioned to my cheek which was still burning from his earlier slap. "You are beginning to look as haggard as your mother. Maybe invest in some clothes that will keep your husband interested in you."
I crumbled the cheque in my hand. "Thank you father. I hope this is the right amount?"
"It's all you're getting from me Cassie. Now leave and don't come back. You are no longer welcome in my home."
Tears stung my eyes but they didn't fall. Keeping my back straight and my head high I walked away. 
"Don't worry. I won't be back." I muttered as a slipped back into the back of the car. 
And I wouldn't be. The cheque in my hand meant freedom.
Freedom from my father and freedom from Julian.
All the men who were trying to control and use me.



###chapter 27
Julian 


My head fell into my hands and slipped. Banging off the desk. I was tired but more emotionally than physically. Which was strange to me. I didn't usually let emotions get to me but it felt like I had lost something and I couldn't pinpoint what it was. 
Megan maybe?
I had thought she was the one who had saved me the night of my wedding to Cassie but now I wasn't so sure.
That wasn't even true. I was certain she wasn't. If she had been she wouldn't have said what she had said about me. It wasn't even her words that stung, it was the tone in which she had said them.
She had almost been dismissive. Like I was someone to be laughed at and mocked and not her future king. 
Which meant the woman I had made love to that night was still out there somewhere and it had been making love. 
I had never felt a connection like it before and now I doubted I ever would again.  
Not with Megan because she wasn't the one. I knew that now and not with my wife either. Cassie was just Cassie. Attractive but not the woman her friends said she was. 
Or at least I had never seen the nice kind giving side of Cassie. If it existed at all I had never seen it. 
I never would either. I wanted free of her. 
She drove me crazy and there was no way I wanted to spend the rest of my life dreading going home because she was there.
And then there was the fact that her father was a money grabbing scoundrel. Did I really want a woman from a family like that ruling at my side?
No! 
No I didn't. I needed a queen who was quiet and submissive, not some prickly career woman.
"Alpha?" There was a sharp rap of knuckles on the door and it opened enough for Ian to pop his head inside. His eyes swept over me and a tiny but deep line appeared between his eyebrows. And I knew why. I hadn't been to sleep yet, let alone gone home and changed my clothes.  My shirt was creased and there was stubble on my jaw.
"Hey." I couldn't even pretend to have energy. Throwing up a hand I silenced the question that I could see forming on his lips. "Don't even ask."
Ian's eyebrows shot up. "So I shouldn't tell you that Cassie went to see her father last night and came out crying?  But you would know that if you went home? Are you still in the clothes you wore to the party last night?"
Rolling my eyes I pushed myself to my feet. "I said don't ask." I reprimanded. "Is she here?"
"Megan? Yeah?" Ian's eyes narrowed but he didn't ask the questions I could see forming in his eyes. "I was just about to tell you. I didn't realise that you were still seeing her?" He lowered his voice. "Forgive me alpha but what is it about her? You seem to be bending over backwards to do things for her. Is she important? Other then the fact you think she saved your life."
"You don't think she's attractive?" I asked cocking my head to the side.
He chewed on his lip. Pondering my words or maybe pondering how he should answer them. "Sure." He said finally with a shrug. "She's attractive enough but there's something off about her. She's not - anything special. Mediocre doctor, no charitable causes. She just seems pretty one dimensional unlike-" he fell silent and looked away.
"Unlike who?"
"Doesn't matter. I'll tell her to come in and grab us coffee and food. You look like you need it." He said with a wink and I laughed.
Megan appeared thirty seconds later. Wearing a smart skirt and blouse. Her heels click clacked on the parquet flooring as she moved towards me with a wide white smile on her face.
"Julian." She beamed. "It was such a pleasant surprise to hear from you."
I motioned for her to take a seat and fell back into mine.
"Was it?" I studied her over the top of my steepled fingers, watching as her expression slipped into something that looked like fear but just as soon as I had seen it , it was gone. She schooled her face back into a wide almost sultry smile. Her white teeth scraping at the bright red lipstick she was wearing. 
"Of course I did Julian." She reached across the desk for me and I leant away from her hand. She wasn't the one. I could see it so clearly now. 
"I've missed you Julian." Her voice rose a notch. "Haven't you missed me."
I opened my mouth to ask her if she had missed me as much as all the other men she was stringing along but snapped my lips shut again. 
What would be the point of that? I could see what kind of woman she was now. 
A user.
And Ian was right. She was one dimensional.  A woman who relied on looks that were already failing her. Now I could see her properly and with clear eyes I could see how fake her face was. Full of makeup which I didn't usually mind but on her face it suddenly looked like clown paint. 
She wasn't attractive at all. Not even with the makeup and that's because her soul was black. 
How had I been so blind.
"How is your time in the unit going? Are you enjoying it?" Leaning back I studied her and her face fell.
"Did you bring me here to talk about my placement Julian? I was hoping you wanted to take me out. I am sure you promised me a meal as a thank -"
"But it wasn't you that saved me was it?"
Her eyes skidded away. 
"Was you even working that day?" I knew she knew what day I was talking about because her cheeks flamed red. 
"No." She whispered.
I let out a rattling breath.
"You were on the rota."
"I was meant to but I had the flu and I couldn't make it. I'm sorry I lied it's just-"
"It's just what?" I snapped. My anger was bubbling up but it wasn't directed at her. I was angry at myself. "You wanted to see what you could get out of me?" I raised an eyebrow. 
"No. No Julian."
I shot her a look and she quickly threw her hands up and amended it quickly. "No your highness. I am so grateful for all the things you have done for me. You are a a kind and-"
"Stop it now. You want money yes?"
Her face fell but not before I saw the glimmer in her eyes. "Thought so."
"It's not for me." She said in a rush. "My father is sick and the medical bills-"
With a sigh I stood up and turned my back to her. "How much do you need?"
"Twenty-"
"Million." I gave a mirthless laugh and from behind me I heard her startled intake of breath. "Fine but you quite the unit. Give that spot to someone who deserves and wants it."
"Like your wife?" She said in a mocking tone and I whirled on her. 
"Do not talk about Cassie in my presence. Do not even mention her name."
Pushing my phone into my ear I waited for Ian to answer.
"Every thing ok?"
"Yeah, have you managed to find out who was on shift that day?"
There was a pregnant pause. "No. They seem to chop and change shifts amongst themselves and don't leave a paper trail."
My eyes found Megan's and a sense of loss swept over me.
"Can you meet Megan at the bank and authorise a money transfer to her please."
"Sure. How much."
"Thirty million."
On the other end of the line I heard Ian gasp but it was at Megan's face that my eyes were glued. She looked shocked but there was glee in their depths as well.
"Did you hear me?"
"Yes alpha." Ian's voice was quiet. "Anything else you would like me to do?"
I took a deep breath. "Stop looking for the woman who saved me."
All the women in my life wanted me for one thing. My money and my power. They thought they could use me. 
But I wasn't the kind of man to be used by anyone. I needed to give up on this fantasy perfect woman. 
Because no such woman existed.


###chapter 28
Skye



"Oh mama." I beamed at the woman in the bed and she smiled right back.  It didn't matter how much I was hurting on the inside seeing her looking so much better lifted my spirits. 
And she did look better. There were hardly any wires now and all of the tubes were gone. She actually looked younger than she had in years. 
It had been so long since she had first fallen ill that I had somehow forgotten how beautiful she once was.
I could see it again now.
"You look so good." I rushed forward and her hand went to her hair and patted it self consciously.
"One of the lovely nurses was he and fixed my hair. Do you think your dad will like it?"
My heart plummeted into my shoes. Pulling over a chair with a scrap I sat down and took her hand in mine. "Let's not talk about boys here." I forced a happy note into my voice even though inside I was screaming. "Our husbands aren't here." I lowered my voice like we were two best friends sharing a secret. "So we can have some real girl talk."
There was silence for several long second and I could tell that she knew the truth. That her husband and my father wasn't coming. He hadn't changed his ways.
He loved her as much as he loved me. Not at all.
"Oh girl talk sounds good." She squeezed my fingers and giggled but it was the kind of laugh that hid the need to cry.
She was hurt.
So was I. My father had royally screwed me over. The amount on  the cheque wasn't even half of what he owed me. Not even close and I had been kicking myself all morning that I hadn't  checked the cheque in front of him. I could have done something about it if I had but there was no way I would lower myself to go back and beg for the rest. I would rather die first.
Maybe I could get legal advice. Technically the money was mine and my mothers and he had no right to it. He definitely didn't have the right to spend it on his mistress and their kid.
Still legal advice was expensive and I knew how much money was on that cheque. Just enough for me to get by with mum for a little while.
A tiny while really.
"Skye," my mother said softly and I shook myself. Plastering my face with a smile so I looked happy. Even if I didn't feel it. The least I could do for her after everything she had been through was pretend to be happy.
"Sorry mamma , I fell into a daydream then. Thinking about how happy I am." I added as an after thought and the moment I did I regretted it. I sounded like I was trying to hard to make her believe it.
"Skye." She pulled her hand away from mine and the look on her face was one she had worn a lot when I was a child if I was naughty. 
I felt like a naughty child.
"What aren't you telling me? You were never good at hiding things." Her eyes darted over my face and she sighed. "Your father." She masked the pain in her voice with a shrug. "I know he's not coming. I have always know what he is like. If you are worried about my feelings then you don't have to be. I learnt early on in our marriage to harden my heart around him. But is that all you are worried about?"
If I was going to tell her everything now was the time but i wasn't going to tell her. My mother had enough to worry about.
It wasn't her problem that I was a jobless , almost penniless woman in a loveless marriage. Those were my problems. She had enough  going on just getting better.
"Yeah." I lied. "I was worried about that." The lie slipped from my lips so easily and once I started lying i couldn't stop.
"I didn't want to bring it up and make you sad. And I don't want you to worry because I'm going to look after you."
Somehow I added silently. I had no job anymore thanks to my darling husband and the money in my account wouldn't last long with ongoing medical bills but somehow I knew I would manage.
I always managed , it was just what I did.
Taking a deep breath I leant forward, resting my elbows on the edge of her hospital bed. "I know it's early days and you might not want to do it but I've been thinking." I took a deep breath. "I want to open my own clinic. It's always been a dream of mine."
Her eyes darted back and forth over my face. "You have , that or join the royal medical unit." She admitted.
"Well joining the unit now would take me away from you so that's a no." I didn't bother to tell her that my spot had been snatched from me. It was another thing she didn't need to know.
"And I don't want to do that. So I was thinking maybe a clinic, maybe I could do some more charity work as well. Work with those in the paranormal community that can't afford proper care. I do it a few times a month anyway but I always feel like I could be doing more."
"And what about your job here Skye." My mothers eyes darkened. "Shouldn't you be at work right now actually?"
I blew out a breath, my lips pursed. I was going to lie to her face again but really I didn't have any other choice. 
"I took some vacation time so I can be with you. But what do you say? Do you fancy working and living with your one and only daughter?" I teased.
"What about your husband?"
Averting my eyes I forced myself to giggle. "Oh I forgot about him. Sometimes I forget I'm married at all, it's all so new."
Inside I giggled. Sometimes I wished I could forget I was married, was more like it but I couldn't say that to her.
"But I'm sure me and Julian will work something out."
Or at least I would. 
I would find us a home and a regular income coming in so we could live. I would make sure our dreams came true.
Somehow.
All I needed to do was get a job and free myself from a husband that despised me.
No easy feat when that husband was the heir to the werewolf king. 

###chapter 29
Skye 

Sitting cross legged on the massive bed in the master bedroom I found myself smiling down at the laptop screen on the bed in front of me.
I knew all those emails I had sent out would come back sooner or later and finally they had.
Sure it wasn't the job I was looking for but then no shifter hospital in the country would go against Julian's wishes and he didn't want me to work.
People thought it was because he wanted me all to himself and was keen to start a family but I knew the truth.
My husband hated me , not because I had done anything wrong but because I was me. He didn't want to be happy and start a family. He wanted to hurt me and for no reasons but I was in his life.
My hand went to my stomach. My flat stomach. I still hadn't had my period and that was worrying but I had never been regular anyway more than likely all the stress had just thrown my cycle out. After all, I had taken what was needed to prevent the pregnancy.
Julian's reaction if I had been pregnant didn't bear thinking about. 
So I wouldn't think about it. I wasn't going to have a baby and I would be happy.
And the job offer in front of me was the first step on that journey.
Leaning forward I reread the email and grinned. It wasn't my dream job but it was perfect for right now.
Julian, oh mighty king in bloody waiting might be the boss of everyone but he wasn't the boss of the internet and he couldn't keep me off of it.
Giggling to myself I reached down and began typing.
"What are you giggling about?" 
I shrieked at the sound of Julian's voice. Slamming the laptop shut I jumped off the bed. Putting it between me and him.
"What are you doing here?" I asked keeping my eyes locked to his face and not letting them wander down his body. "Get out." I pointed to the door like I expected him to listen. I doubted Julian had ever listened a day in his life. 
"I'll answer yours if you answer mine." He said smoothly as he walked into the room and started pulling open drawers.
I couldn't help it. My eyes watched him move, taking in the wet dark hair and the water that dripped lazily down the hard muscles of his chest. The moment my gaze reached the towel wrapped around his waist I looked away and blushed but not before he caught me staring.
"Having a good look are you Skye?" He mocked me. "And to answer your question. This is my house and this is my bedroom. I've come to get dressed. If you don't like it then you can leave." He winked. "But you do like it don't you?" 
Goddess, I hated him. I didn't know what he was playing at right now but I knew he was up to something and more than likely it was something that I wasn't going to like very much. 
"You haven't once stepped foot in this room. I don't even know why your -" I stared down at the neatly folded clothes in the drawer. His clothes. They hadn't been there this morning when I dressed which meant he had planned this.
"What do you want, Julian?" I asked again and this time my voice came out calm. Being hysterical was only feeding his desire to torment me. 
"Oh no." His hands went to the towel and my head snapped away. "You owe me an answer now."
"Do not even think about taking the towel off you asshole." I hissed out of the corner of my mouth. Keeping my eyes locked to the wall. "If you want to get naked then go somewhere else."
He laughed , a great big booming laugh that seemed to echo around me. "Is it just me you don't want to see naked then dear wife? You don't seem to have a problem with any other men do you?"
Biting my lip I counted to ten. Telling myself over and over again that I would not rise to his jibes.
"Now answer my question?"
"Which one?" I retorted. "You've asked me several in the last few seconds."
Instantly I regretted my words. Anger filled his eyes with darkness. I took an unsettled step forward as he stalked towards me. Trapping me against the wall with his hands either side of my head.
"What's the name of the man who was just making you giggle?" His breath washed over me. Minty fresh but that wasn't what was distracting me. 
The scent of his skin fresh out of the shower was.
"No one."
"His name." He snarled.
"Goddess." I shook my head. "There is no other man. And even if there was. What do you care? It's not like you have stayed true to your vows either. Anyone would think you were jealous?." I laughed.
An angry growl fell from his lips. He slammed one hand down onto the wall by my head. Making me jump. 
Warily I lifted my eyes to meet his. The look on his face was terrifying.
"I'm sorry I shouldn't have said that." I back peddled quickly.
"No you shouldn't." He snarled and the sound vibrated from his chest to mine. "Tell me his name so I can have grounds for divorce."
"Megan?" I said sweetly because clearly I didn't know when to keep my mouth shut. "It was an email. That's all Julian. I have done nothing wrong."
"No?" He raised an eyebrow.
I looked away again quickly. "Well no more than you. It was an email." I said again. "About a job."
He roared so loudly that it felt like my ear drum would burst. Ducking under his arms I made my escape.
"What the hell is your problem, Julian? I need to work."
"And I've told you no. I won't have any wife of mine sulking around some hospital. I know what you're really like Skye and I don't trust you around all those tempting doctors plus we have an image to maintain.
"I'm not going to be in any hospital." 
It was impossible. I was never going to get him to listen. 
"You can't stop me working." Angrily I stamped my foot.
"Wanna bet?"
"Excuse me." A timid voice spoke from the hallway outside our bedroom. "I don't want to interrupt but dinner is ready. Where would you like it?"
"Together." Julian answered smoothly and with more warmth in his voice than I had ever heard before. "We will eat together. All of our meals from now on." He turned his eyes to me and the warm friendliness he had just shown his house keeper evaporated. "And you best act like a lady this time. If I see you using the wrong spoon then I'll-"
I didn't let him finish. I was so tired of this. Of him being a bully and of me being a pushover.
Curling my hand around the first thing I could grab I launched it towards his head.

 ###chapter 30
Garret 


The crystal vase smashed against the wall by my head. Shattering in tiny little fragments of glass that rained down over me and the unfortunate house keeper who was just outside the door.
She gave a little scream and took a step back. But didn't move and I didn't look at her either. My eyes were glued on my wife.
Breathing heavily and with her ponytail failing out she looked like a wild animal and she acted like one as well. That violent outburst proved that. 
Slowly I tore my eyes away from her and looked at the smashed remnants of the vase at my feet. Bending down I picked up the biggest piece and held it in my hands. It was such a weird thing the memories that flooded me holding that small piece of crystal. 
"This was my mothers." My voice was a low menacing whisper but I knew she had heard because I heard the sharp intake of breath. 
"Julian. I'm sorry-" she started to say.
My head snapped up. I speared her to the spot with my eyes and she winced back like I had struck her.
She was lucky I didn't strike her. Maybe it would put her in her place and make her behave.
Except I wasn't that man. I wouldn't lose control and become the monster she thought i was.
No.
I had other ways to make Skye pay. 
I took a step forward, holding the shard of glass in my hand like a knife and Skye backed up, her eyes saucer round and terrified.
"This is priceless." Another step and another growl. Skye had no where else to go. The wall was at her back and she couldn't push past me to run away but I knew she wanted to. I could  see it in her eyes. 
She wanted to run.
"It is irreplaceable." I stepped into her space. Lifting my hand threateningly.
"Julian no." Behind me the housekeeper screamed but I ignored her. 
"You are replaceable Skye." Lowering my head I breathed in the smell of her. Not just the smell of her skin which drove me crazy but the stench of her fear.
And I kind of liked it. It was one of the reasons I was on a mission to scare and anger her every time we were together because it changed her scent and it woke up something inside of me that had been long buried.
Not lust, that didn't cover it. What I felt was so much more violent and primal than that.
I wanted to possess her. Make her bow down and worship me. 
I wanted skyes submission.
Not in a sexual way I told myself , but in life.
"Then do it." Defiantly she lifted her chin and glared up at me. "Do it and put us both out of our misery."
She was taunting me because she didn't realise the danger I was in. 
"You will learn-"
Reaching up she stood on her tiptoes which only brought the top of her head to just under my chin and growled. Her lips pulled back over even white teeth. 
"Oh will I? Well you must be a crappy teacher because all I've learnt from you is the fact you're a entitled , self absorbed asshole." She yelled it right into my face. Split flew from her lips and landed on my cheek.
Absently I wiped it off my cheek before turning my eyes back on her. "You will show me respect."
Her eyes flashed but they weren't her human eyes. Her wolf was looking at me with its pale blue orbs. 
Her wolf had beautiful eyes but that wouldn't sway me. Tonight Skye had gone too far and she would pay for it.
She dropped into a low curtsy. Totally taking me by surprise. "Oh I am sorry your highness." Her voice dripped with the kind of sarcasm that stung. "Will you please forgive me." She stared at me from under her curling eyelashes and any control I had over my temper snapped.
Roaring I closed my hand around her throat and lifted her upwards until her pretty blue eyes bulged and her toes scrambled to her to the carpet.
"Prince Julian no." Two small hands began tugging on my arm but they weren't Skyes hands. They were the housekeepers. Swivelling my head towards her I growled out a warning. Putting all of the power of my alpha status into it and she shuffled backwards with her eyes locked on the carpet. She was crying though. I could see the tears falling from the tip of her nose.
Skye wasn't crying though. Her eyes were as defiant as ever. She couldn't breathe but her arms never moved from her side. 
If anything she looked calm. 
"Beg for my forgiveness." I flexed my fingers around her throat. Giving her just a second to breathe before I closed my hand again.
 But I knew deep down that she wouldn't beg. Skye just wasn't the begging type.
I kind of respected that about her. That even in the face of death she was defiant. 
Skye smiled. It was the first hint that she was up to something. The second was the ripple of her smooth skin under my hand.
Her shift was so fluid, so graceful that for a second I was in awe and then I lost my grip on the slender female throat and was pushed backwards by her giant wolf.
It happened so quickly that I had hardly registered what had happened before she had ridden me to the floor and bounded out of the room. The sound of her paws on the stairs was loud.
Climbing to my feet I laughed. Skye was a fool if she thought she could get away from me in wolf form. I was twice her size and four times as strong.
Lifting my mouth to the ceiling I howled from my human lips and let the change happen and then I was after her.
Skye was fast, but I knew I was faster. 
By the time I had reached the back doors she was already halfway across the manicured lawn and heading at full sprint to the forested mountain that loomed over head.
She wouldn't make it though.
Clacking my teeth I gave chase. The grass was wet under my paws and it scented the air with a tangy freshness but it wasn't that scent I was suddenly fixated on.
It was Skyes
Because by running she had finally let loose that primal part of me that wanted to come alive around her. The part of me that said I was predator and she was my prey.
My wolf wanted to hunt her down.
I caught her ten foot into the forest. Shifting back to my human form mid leap and catching her back paw I slammed her to the ground with so much force that her wolf disappeared and she stared up at me with her human eyes.
"Shouldn't have run little rabbit." I murmured as I crushed her body into the moss covered ground with mine.
"You're a bully Julian." She panted. "A bully of women and anyone who you think is weaker than you. But I am not weak."
Everything seemed to go quiet. Like the forest and the world itself had fallen asleep and there was only me and her and the sound of our laboured panting breaths.
Glancing down I saw the swell of her breasts crushed against my chest. Her naked body pressed down under mine for the first time and I had to admit to myself that she felt good. Soft in all the right places. 
Take her, my wolf seemed to snarl in my ear. Claim
Her she is ours.
I silenced him. Skye was ours but not in the way he was suggesting. She wasn't THAT 
Still it felt nice to have her submission finally and to feel the warmth of her naked heated skin under mine. 
Leaning down I nipped at her earlobe and was rewarded by the smallest of moans.
"I am not a bully of woman Skye." I bit it again. Slightly harder this time. "I am a bully of you."

###chapter 31

Cassie 


"I am a bully of you." Julian's voice seemed to echo in my head.  Rumbling down to vibrate through my body which trembled in his arms.
What could I say to that? There was nothing to argue with him about if he was agreeing with me but goddess I wanted to. I always wanted to argue with him. He just had that kind of face.
"You don't see to be wanting to bully me now Prince Julian?" I said tartly.  Pressed this closely to his body with not even a scrap of material between us I could feel every inch of his rock hard body.
Every single inch.
His eyes widened slightly but he didn't say anything , he just pulled me closer. Holding me so tightly that he crushed the air out of my lungs.
One hand looped around my waist , he dragged the tips of his fingers of the other down over my hip and then without warning, moving so fast that I didn't know what was happening he thrust his hand between my legs. Cupping my mound roughly. His fingers didn't dip into me but it still felt like a violation.
How dare he do this. Touch me like this without my permission. Wife or not we didn't live in a country where this was acceptable. Even within the wolf community we didn't force each other. Well the decent shifters didn't anyway.
 But then again Julian wasn't a decent anyway.
"Oh." Ducking down his lips found my jawline and moved along it. His teeth grazed my skin. "I am going to bully you." Rubbing the heel of his palm right against my clit. Grinding against it in a movement that bordered on the very edge of being  painful but wasn't quite. One thick finger slid between my folds. Parting me. 
"I am going to bully you but you'll enjoy it." From an inch away his eyes met mine. His sparkled with malice and something that looked very much like unbridled passion. "You enjoy this don't you." Julian's lips brushed the corner of my mouth. I kept my lips tightly shut. I didnt care if he wanted to kiss me I didn't want to kiss him. The thought revolted me.
Except it didn't. 
"I don't enjoy you touching me." I hissed. "You make me sick." 
Throwing back his head Julian laughed. The sound echoing around the trees. "I don't make you sick Cassie. I make you," curling his hand around me , he thrust two fingers into me. As far as they would go. I cried out. Need pulsing through with me with the sudden intrusion.
"I make you wet." He worked his fingers in and out of me. Teasing the bundle of nerves deep inside of me that caused my legs to buckle. It was only his arm wrapped that tightly around me that kept me on my feet. 
"I hate you." Clinging to his shoulders, I scraped my nails down his tanned skin. I did hate him. I hated him with every atom of my being but I wanted him as well. 
"Good." He kept working his finger inside of me. Mercilessly pushing me closer and closer to the kind of release that would have me screaming my pleasure and my hate to the sky above.
"Because I hate you as well." Harder and harder he thrust. And I was totally at his mercy. Not because I couldn't fight back. I knew he would stop if I put up enough of a fight but because I knew that's what he wanted me to do. Julian would get off on me fighting back and I wouldn't give him the satisfaction. 
"Good." I trembled as every muscle in my body tensed. The orgasm crashed over me like a tsunami. Wave after wave of almost unbearable pleasure rocking me in my arms.
Sliding his hands from between my legs he lifted me. Giving me no choice but to wrap my legs around his waist. He slammed me back against the nearest tree trunk. Bending his knees he pressed the head of his thick cock against my core. Teasing me with it but not filling me like I wanted him to.
"Beg me to fuck you." He growled out and it was clear that he was struggling not to thrust upwards as well. Even this was a battle between us. With neither one of us wanting to admit we wanted each other.
That was our relationship all over. Right from the second we had married and he hadn't bothered to turn up it had been war. And I wasn't going to admit defeat. Not even now. 
"I'll never beg you." I bit down on his shoulder. Leaving teeth marks in his skin but not puncturing it. 
"Oh you will. You'll beg me anytime I want you to Cassie because I own you. Even now your body is begging for my cock."
"It is not." I countered angrily even though I knew it was true. My body did want him to fill us completely. So we could take out our hatred for each other entwined in each other's arms with sweat dripping from our bodies. It would be tough and primal and passionate.
Two fingers were thrust into my mouth. The two fingers he had just had inside of me. I could taste myself on them. My juices and my release. My lips closed around them before I knew what I was doing. 
"Suck them clean and I'll give you what you want." He worked them in and out of my mouthy. Almost making me gag every time he thrust them down my throat. 
I didn't even think about it. I sucked and the moment I did he pushed up into my body. Hard and so violently that my head snapped back and bounced off the tree trunk.
His hand fell away so he could pin me to the tree and his mouth crashed down over mine. His tongue thrust into my mouth in time with the punishing thrusts of his manhood into my body.
I could do nothing  but cling to him. My back rubbed raw from the rough tree bark but the cries that tumbled from my lips weren't cries of joy pain they were moans of passion.
It was pain and pleasure mixed all together so I didn't know where one stopped and another started. It was a battle but this time there would be no losers. We would both win here or maybe -
Maybe we would both lose because every time we came together I felt my resolve around him weaken a little bit. 
I had to keep hating him. It was the only thing that kept me going. Marrying Julian had been the worst decision of my life. But I was trapped now. Trapped with a man who hated my guts. If I didn't keep my distance then he would break me.
I would never let Julian break me.  Not ever.
Clenching around him, I moaned loudly in his ear. Already I was close and he was as well. I could feel him throbbing  and pulsing inside of wet pussy. Growing even thicker as he raced towards the release we both so desperately wanted. 
"Fuck." He growled out. Pulling out he stepped back the second my feet hit the forest floor. Sagging backwards I watched as his cum splurted over my stomach and breasts in hot thick ropes. "We wouldn't want you pregnant would we." He smirked even though he was panting and couldn't catch his breath. Reaching out he rubbed the sticky white goo into the skin of my breasts, rubbing it into my nipples. "But I like the idea of you wearing my cum Cassie. Because you see." He stepped back to assses his handwork. "You are mine and I will take you if I want to. I own you , I own your orgasms as well. So if I want you to cum you will and if I want to bully you," his eyes sparkled. "Well you will take that as well."
###chapter 32
Cassie


I needed a job. It was the only thing that got me out of my nice warm bed the next day. It wasn't even about the money. Although now I had been pretty much cut off having a wage coming in wouldn't hurt. It was more about having something to do. Keeping busy was the only thing that would stop me going crazy.  And being married to Julian I was definitely going crazy. It was the only explanation about what had happened between us last might. 
I must have been mad. 
Or bewitched. Because no one in their right mind would have allowed last night to happen, I could still feel the scrapes on my back where mh skin had rubbed away on the hard bark of the tree and there was a deliciously wicked ache between my thighs.
I shook the thought away. Wrapping my scarf more firmly around my throat and bringing it up over my chin. The morning air was chilly and the weather was turning grey. Which suited me just fine. My entire life was shades of grey now , Grey with misery and I wanted the rest of the world to feel the same. Like they were without hope.
The thought made my spine snap straight and my high heeled boots paused on the pavement. I wasn't without hope. No one ever was. I just needed something to do. A job to throw myself into. It didn't have to be medicine it could be anything-
Like magic my eyes were drawn to a notice in a window. A simple hand written sign. 
A small smile spread across my face under the heavy knitted scarf. It had to be a sign. The universe was telling me something.
Pushing my way into the building I was faced with a steep flight of stares. Sighing I moved up them following the low melody of music that was drifting down. 
Half way up I woman appeared at the top. I didn't know her but I recognized her for what she was.
A wolf.
Like me.
We stared at each other. "Can I help you?" She broke the silence first.
"Hi I was just inquiring about the job." I smiled sweetly. 
"Oh." Her face broke into a wide smile. "Sure come on up. I have a class starting in a few minutes. Maybe you can help out? Do you have much experience in teaching children?" She was talking a million miles an hour. Her smile was open and friendly and I instantly felt at ease.  "What dance do you know. We are ideally looking for someone in all disciplines."
I hesitated, just for a second but she caught on to it straight away. "You are a dance teacher right?"
I had a choice to make I could lie to her or I could be honest. It was a no brainer. "No, I'm a doctor. My name is Cassie-" I didn't give her my family name. Hell I didn't even know what family name i was meant to use these days. My own or Julian's? It wasn't like we were exactly telling everyone of our marriage.
Her face fell. "We are looking for a teacher. A dancer."
"I took lessons as a kid. And I'm a quick learner." This was a whole new low for me. I was a high trained and skilled doctor and here I was begging for a job teaching children to dance. I didn't care though. I wanted this job. It would give me the opportunity to give back to the community.  And that's all I had ever wanted to do.
"Cassie." She turned to me. Studying my face and at first I thought she was going to send me on my way. "Fine let's give you a go. You can help out today and we will see if you can be of any use to me. What size shoe do you wear?" Studying me she smiled. "I'm guessing you don't have you own stuff with you."
"I'll buy some." I mumbled quickly. 
"We will cross that bridge if I give you a job." She held out a hand. "I'm Scarlette by the way. I hope you're ready to work hard."
Laughing I nodded.


***

I loved every minute of the class. From trying to teach the children simple moves that even I felt I got wrong to having my ears filled with their laughter. It was the most pleasant hour I had spent in weeks.
But what I loved most was watching Scarlette dance. She was so naturally graceful. Like an angel moving across the floor. It was almost a shame that she was stuck teaching kiddie classes because she belonged on the stage in front of thousands. 
I would pay to watch her and so would Julian.
I frowned. What was wrong with me thinking about him at a time like this? It wasn't like we were a real couple. We wouldn't be going on any dates where we could watch graceful dancers pirouettes across the stage. 
I wouldn't want to go with him even if he asked. 
"What did you think?" Having closed the door behind the last parent and child she fell cross legged on to the floor next to me.
"You're so talented." I said with a smile.
"So are you." She nodded her head in a small bow. "I was pleasantly surprised. I think you would fit in perfectly here but it's only part time."
My heart leapt. She was offering me a job. "Part time is fine. Thank you." I leant in to hug her. She would never know how much this meant to me. She had given me a chance and I would never forget it. 
"Cassie." She hugged me quickly before scooting backwards. "Are you really a doctor?"
"Yeah."
"But now you want to be a dance teacher?"
My smile faded. I couldn't explain my situation to her or anyone. It was so complicated that sometimes I didn't even understand it. "It's a long story but I'm not practising at the moment and anyway-" I spread my arms out from my sides. "This was always one of my dreams as well. I used to love dance class."
Scarlettes eyes sparkled with delight. "Mine too." She bit her lip and the happiness evaporated from her eyes.
"What is it?" Reaching for her I took her hand. Squeezing my fingers around hers. It was clear that she had something on her mind.
"Can I ask a favour?"
"Of course you can ask me anything." I would grant her any favoyr she wanted. Because she had given me a chance and I now had a job.
"My pack was attacked and-"
My stomach twisted. "You don't have a pack doctor?"
"He was killed in the fray. Some of the men are badly injured-" she trailed off.
I was already on my feet. "I have my bag in my car. You just lead the way."



###chapter 33
Cassie


"It's a good job you don't have any links to other packs or have a mate otherwise we would never have been able to bring you beee. Thank you for coming to help us Cassie. It honestly means a lot. Noah of these men would have died without your help." Scarlettes mate Mason said from behind my shoulder several hours later. He had arrived and picked us up at sundown and brought us racing to the Thorn Pack. Which was so small that I hadn't even heard of it before. How was that even possible? That there was another pack this close to ours and I didn't even know about it. It just went to prove how sheltered I had always been. There was a whole world out there that I had never seen. 
And I never would now thanks to-
"Prince Julian."
I stiffened. That's exactly who I had just been thinking about but I didn't know how Mason had known. I knew I hadn't mentioned his name. Hell if Julian had known I was here he would be livid. Leaving and helping another pack could be seen as an act of treason. 
Stupid stuffy wolf rules that made absolutely no sense in the real world.
"It's good to see you again Officer." Julian's thick velvet voice spoke from behind me and my spine snapped straight. How could he be here? What were the odds?
"Please call me Mason, your highness." Masons voice was quiet and submissive. But of course it was Julian was the heir to the king. Everyone was submissive around him. Everyone apart from me.
The only time I had ever been submissive was last night- I shook the thought away. Standing up from my patient I didn't turn. 
"It's ok." Scarlette whisper hissed in my ear as I listened to the sound of Julian and Masons footsteps start to walk away. If I was lucky then they would leave and I could make my escape. "It's just Prince Julian and his beta Ian. They have come to strike a deal for weapons. They are friends of this pack."
"Ok." I whispered but my voice carried.
The footsteps stopped. "And who is this doctor you have working for you?"
I froze.
"Don't worry." Scarlette took my elbow. "Just act normal he won't know you don't belong to this pack." She turned me and I couldn't fight against her grip unless I wanted to make a scene. That was the last thing I wanted to do.
Keeping my head down I felt the weight of my husbands eyes on me and the anger pouring from him the moment he realised it was me standing before him.
"A very beautiful doctor." He murmured and I couldn't help it I lifted my head and stared straight at him.  
"Now now prince Julian." Mason chuckled. "I thought you were a married man."
Julian ignored him totally. 
"This is Olivia." Mason lied smoothly and it was maybe the worst thing he could do. Julian wasn't a forgiving man and he wouldn't forgive the lies that were being told to him. "She's newly qualified and works part time with my wife and mate Scarlette in her dance studio."
Julians eyebrows disappeared into his hair line. "You're a dancer?" His eyes raked over me. "Maybe I should ask you to dance for me." My husband's eyes lingered over my body and I glowered at him angrily. 
He was enjoying this. 
Turning sharply he dropped his head to Ian's ear and whispered something to him. Beta Ian's eyes never left mine and a slow smile spread across his face.
I didn't like that smile. It meant Julian had something particularly nasty planned for me. The one comfort I had was that he wouldn't do anything in front of the others. Especially others from another pack.
"Mason , Scarlette?" Ian nodded his head. "Let's go and discuss our arrangement further."
They left together, Scarlette gave me a warning look over her shoulder but didn't say anything. And what could she say anyway? You didn't say no to Julian.
"Come with me-" Julian's lips thinned into a sneer "Olivia." He used my fake name with a curl of his thinned lips.
"Julian, I-" I started to say but my words were cut off when his hand closed cruelly around my bicep and he dragged me out of the small clinic building. He didn't stop dragging me until we had turned the corner and was away from the bright lights.
He slammed me backwards into the brick wall and stepped into my space. Forcing me to crane my neck to look up at him.
"Look Julian-" 
His fingers curled around my chin, yanking my head up higher. "No you look Cassie. What do you think you are doing here?"
"Helping." With his grip on my chin I couldn't look away from him. So I closed my eyes instead. This was all too familiar to what had happened last night and the memories of that were going strange things to my insides. I suddenly felt hot all over.
"You came here without my permission Cassie. You helped these people without asking me first. It's unforgivable?"
My eyes flashed angrily. "I don't need your permission to help people Julian. I'm a doctor." I stamped my foot. "This is my job. You don't get to tell me-"
The fingers around my chin moved, squeezing into my jaw painfully. I fought back the urge to cry out for help. 
"Your job is to be my wife. And your rubbish at it. If anyone knew who you were then I would be a laughing shock." He hissed.
I didn't know what to say to that because I didn't know what was so bad about helping other people. Hell I didn't even know what rules I kept breaking. No one had told me and there wasn't a handbook to study. 
"And did you help these men and women?"
"Yes." I managed to whisper. 
"Good but you won't do this again Cassie." His voice turned into a low menacing growl that made me squeeze my legs together. "You will not go anywhere without my permission. Is that understood?"
"No. No you can't dictate where I go and what I do,"
Julian's smile was cruel but the look in his eyes was dark and heated. This was turning him on. He got off on making my life a misery.
"Oh little wife." His head ducked down as he curved his much bigger body over mine. I was trapped between his giant bulk and an unmovable brick wall. "Looking the way you do." His hands moved over my ill fitting scrubs he grinned. "I'll be dictating every aspect of your life from now on."


###chapter 34
Julian


I kissed her. Pressing her small body into the brick wall so there was no way of getting away from me.  I couldn't help myself. If I was mad at her. I was always mad at her. It was just kind of our thing and the fact that we hated each other just made the sex even better. I liked forcing her to do my will and submit to me and Cassie enjoyed it as well even though she would never admit it.
Parting her lips with mine I thrust my tongue into her mouth. Panting against her. I had been dying to kiss her since the moment I had caught her scent in the clinic. I had known who she was before she had turned but seeing her in her scrubs. Every mouth watering curve she had hidden was enough to make me feel crazy with need. Because I knew what was hidden underneath and -
I deepened the kiss , groaning into her mouth. Memories flooded me. This was so much like the night I had been running for my life and taken the woman who had saved my life. She had been wearing scrubs and I had torn them from her body before losing myself in her.
That woman wasn't Cassie but it kind of felt the same. 
I was turned on. 
And Cassie was-
Stiff and unresponsive in my arms. Which was surprising. Usually she was all fire. 
"You like it when I tell you what to do Cassie. Admit it." Letting my lips drift from her mouth I peppered kisses over her sharp jawline. "You love it-"
She pushed hard against my shoulders. Stamping down on my foot at the same and I went stumbling backwards. 
"I hate you." She hissed from between her teeth. The words weren't surprising, she told me she hated me all the time. What was a shock was the venom in her voice and the hatred in her eyes as they flashed angrily.
"Good." I answered quietly although it wasn't good. I wanted her to dislike me I told myself because it made controlling her all the more pleasurable to me but this wasn't dislike this was disdain.
"You are acting like a child." I raked my eyes over her and a wave of lust flowed through me again. She looked good in her scrubs. Even if they didn't show her body off the way I liked. "Stomping your pretty little feet because you were caught breaking the rules."
"Rules?" Her eyes narrowed into slits. "Most of these rules I didn't even know existed. Like me not being able to work." 
At her side her small hands clenched into fists that were so tight that her knuckles turned white. "You have a job as a dancer instructor." I couldn't help it my lips curled up in a sneer. "Do you really think that's an appropriate job for a woman in your position?"
"Because you had me fired from the hospital." Cassie's voice was a vicious hiss. It crawled across my skin and made every hair on my body stand on end.  
"I trained my entire life for what I wanted." Striding forward she stabbed me in the chest with her finger. "And I was good at it." Her usually full lips thinned into an angry wide line. A slash of red in her red face. "And you took it away from me like-" she snapped her fingers in my face.
Confused I stared at her. What the hell was she talking about? I hadn't had her fired. 
"What are you even talking about? You're officially crazy-" I trailed off. Honestly I didn't know what she was going on about. I hadn't had her fired.
"You gave Megan my job." Her voice had turned dangerously low. Almost like she was fighting to keep her temper.
A line appeared between my eyebrows as they knitted together. "I did no such thing." 
Except I had told the others to look after Megan. "Ahhh." I sighed. I might not have told my subordinates to have Cassie fired but I had told them to get Megan the promotions she'd wanted.  "This is about jealousy." 
The moment the words left my mouth I knew they were a mistake. 
"I am not jealous of Megan or whatever relationship you have with each other." She stamped her foot. "But I care that you are ruining my life. You are taking away everything I ever wanted. Everything I have worked my whole life to get and giving it to a woman who isn't even a tenth of the doctor I am."
Cassie stepped into my space. Her breast rubbing against my chest with every laboured breath she took. 
"You deserve each other. But I won't let you ruin my life anymore." Swinging her hand back she swung it towards me.
Cassie's slap took me totally by surprise. A stinging pain ricocheted across my cheek where it landed against my cheek bone. My hand went to my face in shock.
Cassie was fiery but no one slapped me and got away with it. 
No one, not even my wife.
I reached for her quickly but she was already gone. Running into the dark trees. 
"I fucking hate you," her voice floated back to me. 
Shaking my head I went after her. Cassie needed to learn once and for all what her place was in our world and she would learn it the hard way.
She didn't know this pack or its land so I could leave her to get lost in the thick forest but where was the fun in that?
It was always more fun chasing her.


Cassie


I always seemed to be running from him, like I was weak or even worse scared of him when in reality I was none of those things. 
I ran because if I didn't I would really lose my temper and would end up doing something that would lose me my life.
Slapping him had been a mistake and I knew it. Julian would never allow me to go unpunished.
Although I didn't know what else he could take from me. 
I had nothing else to give and nothing else to lose either.
My rapid footsteps slowed at I glanced around. I had run without thinking and now I was far into the woods. The lights from the camp not even visible through the tightly packed tree trunks.
Damn it.
I stopped in my tracks. Breathing heavily. I didn't even know where I was. I had just run off blindly. 
"Didn't think you would get away from me that easily did you?" Julian came striding out of the darkness between the trees. Although stalking might have been a better word to describe the way he moved because he looked every bit the predator and I felt every bit the prey.
I backed up a step, looking around wildly for a way to escape him even when I knew there wasn't one. Before I could even think about moving again Julian lashed out. Catching my wrist in his giant hand he pulled me towards him. And wrapped his other hand around my waist to trap me to his body. 
"My little hot headed wolf. That slap can not go unpunished." He smiled and it turned my blood into ice.
Of course he was going to punish me. I had always known that but that didn't mean I was going to beg for mercy. 
That was never going to happen.
"Then punish me." I glared up into his handsome face and again I was stunned by just how gorgeous he was. I didn't know how it was possible that he could look so good on the outside and be so ugly on the inside.
It made no sense to me but then again nothing Julian did or said made any sense to me. He was a law unto himself.
"Then punish me." I sneered at him. My eyes daring him to do his worst. "What more can you do? You've already taken everything from me."
"Oh I think you have more yet to give me." Julian smiled and it was the kind of smile a snake gave a mouse before he bit off its head. His hands moved up my back, pressing down on my spine to lock me to him. "And I think you enjoy what I take from you."
As if to prove his point he pushed his hips into me and my traitorous body reacted with a shiver of longing. 
"I hate you." I hissed but the truth was I kind of hated myself more because even now I kind of wanted him. The physical attraction between us couldn't be denied and my body craved the cruel feel of his body against mine more that it should.
"I want a divorce Julian."
In answer he threw back his head and laughed. A loud booming laugh that made me tremble even more. 
"I don't think so Cassie." Bending me backwards his lips surged down towards mine. "You signed the contracts didn't you?"
"I don't care I -" I twisted my face away from him. I couldn't do this any longer. I couldn't-
"Are you going back on your word to my grandfather Cassie? Are you that weak?" He smiled cruelly. "Have I broken you already?"
###chapter 35
Megan


I didn't know why I followed Julian but never in a million years had I expected him to grab at Cassie. I knew Cassie as a colleague although we definitely weren't friends. I could even remember her being at my leaving party although the details were a little blurry because I had drunk so much champagne that night but seeing them together struck something in me.
Cassie was a know it all prude. Not someone who a man as good looking as Julian should be chasing. But he was chasing her. And it was only when I tiptoed closer through the trees that I finally heard their conversion. 
"Have I broken you already?" His voice was a soft almost sarcastic whisper as he bent her over his arm, his lips just inches from hers.
"You make me sick." She hissed , twisting her face away like Julian wasn't one of the most handsome men in the country. No woman in her right mind would not want to kiss him. 
I knew the few kisses and soft touches I had shared with him had been mind blowing. It was one of the reasons I had followed him in the first place. 
"I want a divorce Julian."
A coldness enveloped me. And a line appeared between my eyebrows as I frowned. They were married? When had that happened? Why?
I had so many questions and no way of getting answers. Not without moving and showing them that I was out here listening.
His lips found hers. His kiss was brutal and jealousy raged through me when he moaned into her mouth and held her even tighter against his body. 
"No." Julian nipped at Cassie's lip. Pulling the bottom one away from her gums playfully. 
She beat his shoulders but she couldn't get away. I couldn't even be sure that she wanted to get away because it looked to me like she enjoyed the feel of his mouth on hers and his hands on her body.
"I will never give you a divorce Cassie." He said when she finally moved her face away. "I will never let you be free." Instead of kissing her lips , his mouth descended to her throat. He nipped and sucked and the entire time she beat at his shoulders feebly. "You are mine."
"Why Julian?" Her fingers dug into the muscles of his shoulders. "Because you are so in love with me?" Her voice dripped with sarcasm.
I held my breath. Was he in love with her? Was that the reason they were married? Had this been a love match? 
"Oh please Cassie." He bit down and even from where I was crouched hidden I could see her wince back and her eyes roll back in ecstasy. 
"I don't love you. Never have and never will. But." He rubbed at the crescent shape of the teeth prints in her throat. He hadn't broken her skin but it was close. "I do love making your life miserable. The idea of imprisoning you." He laughed coldly. "Of keeping you as mine and torturing you forever is a massive turn on to me."
In answer Cassie stamped down, her foot coming down hard on his instep. Julian howled as he reared back but it gave Cassie the opportunity she needed to escape.
I watched as she ran through the trees before letting my eyes fall back on him. Julian hadn't moved after her but he was staring in her direction with a mixture of longing and admiration on his face.
He cared for her. It hit me in a rush. He actually cared for her. They might pretend this was just an arrangement and the fact that their wedding hadn't been publicized told me it had probably started like that but there were feelings there as well. They might be all mixed up with the hate but he liked her.
He might even like her more than he liked me. 
"Oh my little hot headed wolf." Julian shook his head with a chuckle. "Always so quick to run from me. But I'm not chasing you this time-"
I frowned. Had he chased her before. Run her down and caught her like she was prey? And what had happened after he had trapped her. I already knew the answer to that. The passion and fire between them was off the charts. Julian had never once chased me. It was always me who chased him.
Even tonight I was the one to follow him. Forced to sulk around in the shadows to see what he was doing and now I knew. He was out here canoodling with his wife.
It made me sick. 
I was losing him and that couldn't happen. I liked having Julian in my life it gave me so many opportunities.
"Let's see how you like walking home little hot head." Still chuckling to himself he walked away.
I had a choice to make. I could follow after him or go after Cassie. In the end there really wasn't any debate. I launched myself after Cassie. Catching up with her quickly I reached out and caught a handful of her hair. Yanking it back so viciously and so unexpectedly that she fell backwards with a cry on to her back.
Not giving her a chance to defend herself I pinned her down onto the wet leaves and slapped her. 
"Whore." My words screeched out of my mouth like a banshee cry. Again and again I slapped her. Rocking Cassie's head side to side. "You stay away from him. Stay away."
Cassie blinked up at me surprised like she was shocked to see me there but the moment she realised it was me she reacted. Twisting quicker than I thought possible she threw me off and to the side. Springing up into a defensive crouching position with something that had a sharp silver point in her hand.
"Stay the fuck away from me Megan." 
It was a pen in her hand. An expensive silver tipped pen. It wasn't much of a weapon but I knew Cassie was more than capable of doing damage with it. 
"I mean it megan. You come near me again and I'll put this through your eye."
I believed her. "Just stay away from him." I growled at her. "He's mine. He doesn't love you."
Cassie sneered. "You are welcome to him. I don't want him." 
"You're his wife and-"
"I don't want him." Cassie almost screamed. "No woman worth her salt would want a bully like him." She straightened. "So you can have him. You two deserve each other. Both of you are worthless bully's."
Her words cut deeper than I wanted to admit.
"I won't let you take him from me."
Cassie straightened. A look of sympathy on her face. "And I've told you I don't want him. Have him. Take him off my hands but do not come near me again Megan. You won't like what Julian does to people who mess with his property and he think I am his."
I took a step back and then another. She had a point there even though I didn't want to admit it. The marriage was obviously a contract but those were just as dangerous as the unions forged from love because Julian would think she was his. 
Cassie was his wife by law. And I was-
I whimpered. I was the woman who had taken his money and lied to get it. I was in a very dangerous situation and I knew it. Hitting Cassie, attacking her again in any way wasn't a good idea.
"He's mine Cassie, stay away." I turned on my heel and limped away. 
"You can have him. No one but you would take his crap." Cassie called after me but I didn't turn back. I just walked away and tried to figure out my next move.


###chapter 36
Cassie


There was a pain in my back and hip where Megan had attacked me and flung me to the floor but I flatly refused to change into my wolf to move through the woods and head towards the road. I wanted to feel every ache and pain because it was a reminder of just what kind of people I was dealing with.
It was a reminder that Julian hadn't been faithful to his vows either. He couldn't go around making me feel bad for once mistake when he was screwing that psycho bitch.
At my side my hands curled into fists. The sharp fountain pen still clutched in one of them. I couldn't be sure no one else would attack me and I wanted to have a weapon on hand just in case. 
But goddess I was conflicted. And if I was honest with myself a little jealous. Yes I had suspected that they had a relationship but now I knew for sure and I didn't like it.
A long hot shower and my own comfy bed was what I needed. Tomorrow was another day. One that I hoped wouldn't involve my husband but I didn't hold out much hope for that. Julian loved to torture me.
I needed to find a road so I could hail a cab and go home. Julian wouldn't bother me again tonight. He would wait and bide his time so I was on edge for days.
Shaking my head because I couldn't believe this was my life now I stepped out on to tarmac and let out a sigh of relief. At least I had found a road. It stretched out on either side of me like a wide pitch black river. 
And it was abandoned.  No movements or lights beckoned me to go in that direction so I just stood there and stared. 
What had I even been thinking? There was no way I was going to be able to get a cab here. I was in the middle of nowhere. I didn't even know which was was home and knowing my luck I would walk in the wrong direction. 
Still what choice did I have? Absolutely none.
Ducking my head into my chest to protect my face against the rain that had started to lash down I began to walk. 
I'd been walking for maybe an hour when I finally heard the throaty rumble of a car behind me.  Scooting to the side I watched as it approached. A  hulking black truck that seemed to creep up on me and my heart sank because it was just the kind of truck that Julian or one of his lackeys would drive.
Steeling myself I watched as it crawled to a stop. 
"What do you wa-"
The darkly tinted window rolled down and instead of Julian or beta Ian's face, masons appeared. "Hey." His open friendly smile slid from his face as he looked at me and my hand went up to my cheeks. In my misery I had forgotten that Megan had slapped me numerous times before I had thought to fight back. My face would be marked.
"Get in. I'll give you a ride home."
Mason didn't say anything else until I was sat next to him and he had started the truck up again. 
"Prince Julian asked me to come and get you." He said quietly. He didn't look at me directly but I could feel him side eyeing me thoughtfully.
"I see." I said quietly. Staring straight ahead. I didn't want to take any favour from my husband but I didn't want to walk all the way home either.
"Did he hit you?" Masons voice was the quietest whisper I had ever heard. It almost sounded like he was afraid to ask the question or maybe it was my answer he was afraid of?
"I didn't think he was like that." He murmured.
"He didn't hit me." I finally managed to grind out between my teeth. "It wasn't like that. I just-" I motioned around the car. 
"Well you can just pretend I came to pick you up on my own. I should have anyway. You did a really good thing back there and we owe you." Mason went back to staring at the road ahead. 
"That would be best-"
"He did seem worried about you though Cassie. He made me swear to get you home safely." The corner of his mouth twitched as he forced his lips up in a smile that didn't meet his eyes. "Maybe he wants to apologise for whatever happened back there between you."
"Nothing happened between us." I snapped before I could stop myself. "And I know he doesn't want to say sorry for anything." I shrugged. "Even if he did, I wouldn't accept it. I would be a hypocrite if I did."
Mason whistled through his teeth. "There seems to be a lot of history between you two and I don't want to get involved. So let's just go with I am picking you up and taking you home because it's the right thing to do. Shall we?"
"Yes." I laughed along with him. "That's probably for the best."
We fell silent. And we stayed silent for the rest of the long drive home.


***


My clothes had dried by the time I finally closed the door of my bedroom and let out a sigh of relief. Leaning against the solid hard wood I groaned. 
What a day today had been. It had started off so well as well but now I was just emotionally wrung out and physically in pain.
The second one I could handle after a hot shower and a good nights sleep but the first? I didn't know what I was going to do about the first?
Divorcing Julian was out of the question.  Not whilst my mum was still in the hospital and even after? Could I really go back on my word? I had promised the king and his grandfather that I would-
My laptop beeped loudly pulling me out of my melancholy thoughts and I wandered towards it. Flopping down on my big comfy bed I pulled it towards me and beamed down at the screen.
I had got the job. The online doctor consultancy one I had applied for. It might not be what I really wanted to do but it was something.
Two jobs in one day. And Julian couldn't take either one of them away from me. It would give me an income. Hopefully enough money that I could take care of my mother when she was discharged and that was really all I wanted.
Scanning over the email I followed the instructions and logged in to the portal. It all seemed pretty straight forward. I could give advice, even prescribe some more basic of drugs and everything was paid weekly. Depending on how many appointments I took and how long they took to finish.
Not great but it would do for now and I could do it and teach at the dance studio as well.
Maybe today wasn't going to end on a band note after all. 
Still smiling I stood and started to pull off my clothes. They were dry now but they felt crusty and dirty and I wanted out of them. 
I needed a hot shower more than ever now because I needed to wash the filth of Julian's hands off of me if I was going to start my life fresh tomorrow.


###chapter 37
Cassie

I was completely naked when the laptop pinged again. I hesitated for a split second before sitting back down and pulling the laptop on to my lap. Clearly I had made my first mistake as an online doctor because I hadn't logged out and now I had a patient. Biting back a groan I glanced at the clock. It was late. Rapidly approaching another day and the last thing I wanted to be doing was working but this was what I had signed up for.
Except one glance at the message on the screen and I knew this wasn't what I had signed up for. Not unless I had filled in the application incorrectly. I specialised in surgery not in-
"Why can't I get a hard on?"
My eyes read and reread the message over and over again. It was crude. The person who had typed it hadn't even bothered to say erection or try to sugar coat it and that said a lot about the kind of man he was. Either young or uneducated or maybe he was some kind of pervert?
I'd come across my fair share of them since I'd become a doctor.  Was this the same thing? It kind of felt like it because hell it was almost midnight and who sent those kind of queries in the middle of the night?
Desperate men, a small voice seemed to whisper in my head. Men who needed my advice.
Sighing I let my eyes fly across the message again. This was my first patient and I didn't want a bad review.  "You should really consult with an andrologist." I typed quickly and hit the send button.
He began touring straight away but the message that came through seemed jumbled and hastily written. A quick apology and a story about trying to have sex with his girlfriend for the first time. 
I read it quickly. Young. The man messaging me was young and inexperienced and freaking out because he couldn't get it up on the most important night of his life.
Instantly I felt sorry for him. I asked him questions, basic ones like his age and medical background at first and they all came back completely normal. There was nothing that stood out there so I dug a little deeper and his answers became more and more jumbled.
"When was the last time you masterbated?"
There was a longer than normal pause before he began typing again. "This morning." He answered.
"And everything was fine this morning?" My fingers flew over the keyboard. 
"Yes. I didn't have any problem this morning." 
I could almost see him blushing just from the way he was typing alone but I still had questions to ask.
"And how long did you last this morning?"
He answered me quickly.
"That's good. I don't think there's anything wrong with you."
"But there has to be. You don't understand." There were several typos in his words. "She was so disappointed and I wanted her so badly but it just wouldn't work. Please doctor just prescribe me something. Anything so I can do it."
"There's nothing I can prescribe you because there is nothing wrong with you medically. You just got nervous that's all. It happens all the time."
"But what if I'm always too nervous."
I smiled. It had been a long time since I had been in his shoes but I could still remember my first time and how nervous I had been. "You won't always be, I promise. But you have to let these things happen organically. Enjoy your time with your lady love. Enjoy the feel of her body and her skin and her hands on you in return. Learn what she likes but also what you like. Even if it's a little rough then it's fine as long as you both enjoy it. Take the time to explore each other and I promise you that it will happen. You just have to take the pressure off yourself and let it happen."
The cursor moved across the screen for several long seconds before he started typing again . "Do you promise doctor?"
I didn't like making promises but this time I was certain I was right. "You will be just fine."
"Thank you doctor." 
There was no more movement on the screen and I was just about to get up and go for my shower when another message pinged up.
"I'm sorry doctor but I've never had a girlfriend before. I'm guessing you have a boyfriend. Could you tell me what girls like? Sometimes I don't even know if I am kissing her right. If I was your boyfriend how would you want me to kiss you and make love to you?"
I stared at the screen with my mouth open. What a strange, strange question. 
"I'm sorry that is really inappropriate isn't it?"
It was but that was part of the job I guess. Pursing my lips I tried to remember a time when I had wanted the man to kiss me.
Not Julian, we never started with wanting each other it always just kind of happened. 
"Passionately." I typed before I knew what I was doing. Memories of that night in the hospital flooded me. Making my nerve endings tingle. That was the last time I had truly wanted a man.  "Kiss her passionately, touch her like she is everything to you and then make love to her like she is a goddess and you want to worship her."
I blinked at the words I had just written in shock. Was that what I wanted?
Yes.
It was what all women wanted.
"Thank you doctor." 
The session ended and the money dropped into my online account along with a very sizable tip. I stared at it for a second before climbing to my feet and heading to the shower.
That had been the strangest consultation I had ever done but at least I had helped a little. I hoped at least. But now I was going to help myself and shower the stress of the day away.
Within seconds I was under the scorching hot water and it felt better than I had ever imagined. Each little needle of fire seemed to burn my troubles away. Today had been a completely mixed bags of emotions. It had started off well and got better when I had helped the injured of scarlettes pack and then got pretty bad when Julian had arrived and Megan had attacked me. But the night had ended well. I had ended my day by helping someone else in need. Even if that help had come in the form of talking a virgin through his nerves.
I had still done good and I would sleep well tonight.
Rinsing off my hair I wrapped a small towel around me. Dripping water on to the tile as I flung open the door that connected my bathroom to my bedroom I froze.
Ok maybe it was going to end badly after all.


###chapter 38
Julian 


Lifting my hand I rapped my knuckles against her closed door again. It was the fourt time I had knocked and the fourth time she had ignored me. I knew she was in here because I had seen her arrive home and where else would she be? She always disappeared into her room if I was gone as well. It was like she thought it would keep her safe from me. It wouldn't. It would take more than a door to keep her from me.
I didn't even know why I was here. To apologise? That didn't sound like me at all. To tease her and goad her a little more? A cruel grin spread across my face. Now that did sound like me. And in that case I didn't need to knock.
I owned this house just like I owned her.
Reaching down I twisted the knob and stepped into her private sanctuary and she had made it her own. There was little pieces of her personality everywhere. A framed picture here, a trinket here. If I looked hard enough I could piece together her whole life.
But I wasn't going to do that. My eyes found the closed bathroom door and instantly I felt myself harden against my zipper. She was in there naked and soapy. I could hear the shower easily. Just like I could picture how good her body would look wet and covered in suds.
I bit my bottom lip to stop myself from groaning. Goddess I wanted her. Even when I hated her I wanted her and tonight I wanted her more than ever. 
What would she do if I stepped into that shower with her. My hand moving between her legs to see how wet she was for me. Cassie could tell me she hated me and the feeling was mutual but she wanted me as well. It was like an invisible string that tied us together in hate and passion.
My need for her was so strong that I had taken two steps towards the closed bathroom door before I knew what I was doing and it was only then that I saw the open laptop. 
Frowning, I turned towards it fully. She had been talking to someone. It looked like some kind of chat room. Picking it up I held it with one hand and scrolled through the chat with the other and the more I read the angrier I became.
"Fuck no." The words left my mouth is a rumbling growl. Did Cassie have so little respect for me that she thought I would allow her to talk like this to another man. Because it was clear she had been talking about sex with a complete stranger on the internet and very recently at that.
Was she that horny or was this another way my wife thought she could humiliate me? 
Either way I wouldn't stand for it. 
"What the hell are you doing in here?" Cassie's voice was startled and I turned to her so quickly that I almost dropped her laptop. 
My eyes moved across the scrap of cloth that was a towel but barely covered her before landing on her face.
My cock hardened even more. Arousal and need mixing with the anger I was feeling. 
"This is my house Cassie."
"I know it's your house but this is my room." She kept her distance and that was probably for the best because in the mood I was in I didn't know whether I wanted to rip that towel off and throw her down on the bed or rip it off and pull her over my knee to spank her until her ass was red and she was crying.
Either one sounded good to me. 
"You can't just come in here whenever you want to." She continued. Her eyes flashing. "It's not polite. Sometimes I wonder if you have any manners at all." Her lips curled in a sneer.
"You're a fine one to talk about manners and politeness." I lifted the laptop a little higher and her eyes bugged out of her head.
"What are you doing with that? Give that to me. It's private." She made a snatch for it and I moved a step away from her.
"I can see that ,Cassie. Is this what you do in your spare time? Sex talk with strangers on the internet? Is that why you don't want me here in your room? Are you afraid of what I'll interrupt?"
Her cheeks flamed red and my eyes narrowed in on her face. They hadn't flamed red at all; they were red. Like she had hurt herself. Or someone had hurt her.
"Did something-"
"Get out Julian." She screamed it at me and any worry I had for wellbeing disappeared. Why did she always have to make it so hard?
"Why? Do you need to get back to your online lover?"
"It was a consultation. A paid consultation as a doctor. I was just doing my job and helping people. I wouldn't expect you to understand that. Because there's no cure for what you have." Cassie's eyes narrowed. "Maybe I can help you though. Do you find it hard to get it up? Want me to prescribe-"
I roared before she finished and surged forward but she was quicker. With a wicked laugh she grabbed the laptop out of my hands and disappeared into the bathroom again. The door locked and slammed behind her.
"I swear to the goddess Cassie I am going to-"
What was I going to do? Break the door down and punish her. I wanted to but I wouldn't.
In my pocket my phone began to ring. The ringtone was the one I had for Ian. And he would only be calling at this time of night if it was important.
Answering the call I pressed my phone between my cheek and my shoulder and slapped the bathe room door with my hand. 
"Saved by the bell Cassie but this isn't over. Not by a long shot."
"Am I interrupting another lovers spat?" Ian's voice laughed down the phone.
"No. Because we aren't lovers. What's wrong? Has something happened?" Moving down the dark corridors I headed towards my own room. I would leave Cassie alone tonight but only because she would be expecting me and I wanted to take her by surprise.
"Whatever you say alpha. It's not like any of us have eyes."
I didn't want to ask what he meant by that so I kept silent.
"But talking about lovers. I've just been on the phone to megan."
"Megan?" At first I didn't know who he was talking about. "Oh her." It was bad that I didn't remember her when he mentioned her name because I had slept with her. "What does she want? More money?" I remembered giving her money for a sick family member clearly though. 
"No." Ian's voice was even and emotionless. "She wants you to help one of her friends get a job at the royal hospital."
I rolled my eyes. I had helped megan , but did she really expect me to help every person she knew to get a better job? 
"And why would I do that?"
Ian's chuckle was laced with sarcasm. "I am so glad you asked Julian because her good friend is named Cassie."
The air left my lungs in a whoosh. Megan was trying to get my wife a job? Why? I had so many questions and no way of getting answers
"I didn't know they were such good friends." 
"Me neither but I guess it makes sense." Ian said quietly. "I mean they worked together so they would be bound to know each other right? What do you want me to do?"
I hesitated but only for a minute. "Find Cassie a job there ." 
I didn't want to do my wife any favours but I didn't want her on the internet talking to men about their erections either.  So this was a compromise I was willing to make.
"And Megan?" Ian asked. "She wants to see you. She's left you messages. What would you like me to tell her?"
Women. I rolled my eyes. All these women and they all wanted to use me for something. I had thought megan was no different to the rest but now I wasn't so sure. Maybe she wasn't so bad after all.
"Nothing. Tell her nothing. I am too tired to deal with more emotionally needy women tonight. I'll answer her messages when I see fit."

###chapter 39
Cassie



"Cassie. You came back." Scarlette screamed and before I knew what was happening I was grabbed in a bear hug and swung around. Even though Scarlette was a small woman she was strong and her hug could break the ribs of a grown wolf. Or even a bear. The thought made me smile as I detangled myself from her arms. 
Giving her a rueful smile I stepped back. "Hey Scarlette." I said rubbing at my aching ribs. Truth was my body still felt uncomfortable from last nights attack but I couldn't say that to her. The less she knew the better and safer she would be.
"Oh I'm sorry." Scarlette blushed instantly taking note of my pained expression. "Mason is always telling me I don't know my own strength but after what happened last night I didn't know whether we would see you again." She motioned to one of the seats in her office and sank down into the other one. 
Frowning I took the seat she was offering me. "What do you mean?" I asked evenly. "Did something bad happen last night after I left? Did someone die? Or go down hill." My palm itched at the thought of it. It always itched when I thought I had lost a patient.
Scarlettes eyes widened. "Oh goddess no Cassie. You were an angel and everyone is doing so much better this morning." She smiled wildly. "And that's all thanks to you. We can't thank you enough. It's just-" she fell silent and her face was troubled. "The way Prince Julian was looking at you." Her eyes widened and then narrowed into slits. "When he ordered us away I thought you might have-" Her bottom lip disappeared between her teeth. "Had a run in with him."
Blowing out a breath I forced myself to relax. She didn't know how right she was but I couldn't explain to her that my run ins with the Prince were an almost daily occurrence because he was married.  Very few people knew I was his wife and I wanted to keep it that way for as long as possible.
"No there was no run in with him." I smiled politely.
"Well that's good because Mason said you looked like you had been hit in the face when he found you." My new friends eyes raked over my face. "You still have a mark on your cheekbone. You aren't protecting someone are you?"
"No." Leaning over I patted her on the back of the hand. Although I was protecting someone and that someone was myself  "I got turned around and lost, and in the darkness I walked right into a low hanging branch." Self consciously I touched my cheek which still stung. "What kind of wolf does that make me, right ?" I laughed and after a seconds hesitation she laughed along with me.
"We have all gotten lost before so I wouldn't worry about it. As long as you are sure you are ok?"
"Positive." From my purse my phone began to ring. "I'm sorry I should- it might be the hospital about my mother." I apologised quickly but I didn't need to. Scarlette was already heading out of the office door with a cheery wave.
"Take your time. I'll give you some privacy. Our first class will be arriving any second so just come and find us when you are finished." She closed the door softly behind her.
Pressing the phone to my face I answered it. It wasn't the hospital, I recognised the voice straight away.
"Cassie? Hello Cassie can you hear me?"
Sighing heavily I leant back on the chair and pinched the skin between my eyebrows, hard. "What do you want Megan?"
I was too tired for this. 
"I just wanted to say-" Megan stuttered to a stop. "Sorry."
My eyes flew open. "I beg your pardon?" I wasn't sure I had heard her right? Was she really apologising? 
"I'm sorry. I know I acted like a crazy person last night but it's just because I am in love with him." She fell silent and a whispering sob sounded in my ear.
Frowning even harder, I waited for her to continue. I didn't know what the hell was going on, was she really crying?
"And then seeing you two together it just made me lose my head for a second but only because I love him so much. You get that right? You understand?"
She was almost begging me to understand her.
"You're right you are crazy."  Crazy for being in love with the giant bully that is my husband. I added silently.
"But you forgive me? You will ,won't you? I asked Julian for a job for you and he has given you an internship with me. That's good isn't it?" She rambled on. "I'm trying to make amends Cassie. I don't want us to be enemies."
I didn't want us to be enemies either. I had enough of those already. "I don't hate you Megan."
She squealed down the phone. "Then you will come? Head of surgery is expecting you this morning and-"
Groaning I went back to pinching my eyebrows. This morning? If I took this job it would mean I would have to let Scarlette down and I didn't want to do that after she had been so good to me. 
"Please Cassie." Megan begged again.
"Fine." I said finally. "I'll be there as soon as I can."
Ending the call without even saying goodbye I sat there for a few minutes and tried to gather my thoughts.
The phone call had been beyond strange? Why was Megan trying to help me. We hadn't even liked each other before she had started sleeping with my husband.
"Is everything ok Cassie?" Scarlette poked her head around the door. She looked worried.
"I've just been offered an surgical internship at the royal hospital." I admitted.
Squealing she burst through the door. Enveloping me in another rib crushing hug. "Oh Cassie that is wonderful news. When do you start."
"They want me there this morning." I admitted. "But I hate to let you down on such short notice. I can phone them and tell them-"
Her eyes flashed. "Don't you dare. This is a once in a life time opportunity and you have to take it. Don't you worry about us. I have one of the older students coming in to help this morning as well. Now where is my cheque book?" She began pulling our drawers and rummaging inside 
"I don't expect payment." I began to say lamely.
"Well I am paying you. You worked hard and it's only fair. And anyway don't you have your mothers medical bills to pay?"
I nodded my head mutely. She was just too sweet and nice. I felt like I was taking advantage of her but she was right about my mothers medical bills. 
"Here." She pushed the cheque over the desk towards me. "And before you go I'm going to need a photo."
"A photo?" I raised my eyebrows.
"Yes something for us to remember you by and something you can remember us by as well."
Tears prickled my eyes. A lump formed in my throat. I didn't need a photograph to remember her kindness or the children I had taught. They would always be in my heart. But I would pose for one anyway.

###chapter 40
Cassie


The photo of me with Scarlette and the students was in my bag , safe and sound as I stepped into the royal hospital and came face to face with megan who was smiling at me like a demented person. 
"Cassie you made it." She squealed happily like we were old girlfriends. We had barely been acquaintances before and had only spoken because we were the only wolf shifters on staff at her own hospital. "Come on, Doctor Poe is waiting to meet you." She looped her arm through mine and started to lead me through the corridors of the strange hospital.
Unlike the mostly human one I used to work at , almost everyone we passed here was a shifter or paranormal of some description and their eyes seemed to follow us as we walked passed them.
"Now just to warn you Dr Poe is a bit of a battle axe." She grinned. Pausing my a door she lifted her hand to knock. "Just keep your head down and don't argue back."
I bit back the urge to ask her if she could manage that and instead nodded my head.
"Come in."
Swinging open the door Megan stepped back and the hairs on the back of my neck stood up on end. I didn't trust her or her nice , let's be best friends act and I didn't want to turn my back on her but I didn't have a choice.
The woman who greeted me, was on the older age of middle age and as scary as an alpha male I had ever met. Steel grey eyes matched the steel grey hair.
"You must be Cassie?" She glanced down at a scrap of paper in her hand. "Cassandra." She lifted her eyes to me and I steadily met her gaze. "What do you prefer to be called?"
"Cassie." I said quickly, flashing her a smile. "It's a pleasure to meet you Doctor Poe. I read your paper on-"
She didn't let me finish. "I don't really care what you have read or haven't read. I care what kind of doctor you are. The Prince himself asked for you to be placed here and the king-" she trailed off. "Well if it wasn't for the King endorsing you I wouldn't have you here. It's about time the royal family stopped pulling strings to get their favourites on rotation "
I fell silent because what could I say to that. She had a point and I wasn't about to pull rank and tell her that technically I was royalty.
"I'll do my best not to disappoint you." 
She scanned me and I didn't know what she saw but her face softened a little. "I know you will try. Megan?" She snapped my rival's name. 
"Yes."
"Take Cassie to the locker room and give her the details she needs. I assume I can trust you with this?"
"Of course Dr Poe. Follow me Cassie." With a swish of her hair Megan lead me out of the room. I followed after her with a frown on my face. 
Megan was an intern just like me. I could clearly see the lanyard around her neck but she seemed to be in a position of power.
Head intern.
Top girl?
The thought made me smile behind her back. I bet she was loving that.
"This is our locker room." She pushed into a room lined with lockers. They were all closed. "This one is yours." She tapped it. "I had someone move so you could have the one next to mine." She smirked
I couldn't even force myself to smile back. Was she actually for real?  Where we back in high school? 
"Um, thanks." Opening it I found everything I needed inside. Scrubs with the hospital insignia on them and other things I would need.
"I think I got your size right. I mean we are pretty close aren't we." Megan trailed off. 
I was nothing like her and our body types weren't even similar so I was guessing she was talking about the one thing that did link us together.
My husband. 
Who just so happened to be her lover.
Complicated didn't even cover it. 
"I am really sorry about what happened last night Cassie."
I froze, and didn't move. Staring into the shadowy interior of my locker. I made a show of moving things around and studying them. "It's ok."
It wasn't ok but I had to work with her so I wasn't about to bring it back up. I had to be smart and choose my battles carefully. 
"No it's not. When did you marry-" She swallowed so hard that the sound of it was loud . "When did you and Julian get married?"
I didn't answer her at first. A wave of heat flooded my face. That cold kind of heat that always came up before you either fainted or vomited. My vision swam and for a second I clutched the edge of my locker to keep myself from swaying.
"I'm sorry." I gulped hard, forcing down the lump that had formed in my throat. "But that's none of your business."
Megan sucked in a hissing breath. She was pissed that I wouldn't tell her but that was a her problem and not a me problem. My main concern right now was keeping my breakfast in my stomach.
"Of course." Megan caught herself quickly. "I'm sorry I know it must be hard for you. Julian explained that it was an old agreement and that neither of you wanted it. It must be hard-"
"Hard?" Finally I turned to her. Confusion and wave after wave of nausea pinching my eyebrows together in a frown. 
"To be married who is not in love with you." Megan said sweetly but her eyes glittered with malice.
"It's an arrangement."  I snapped back. A miserable arrangement where we are both miserable and cheating on each other I added silently.
"Cassie- are you ok? You've suddenly gone pale."
I clapped a hand over my hand and the vomit rushed up my throat. Swallowing convulsively I shook my head. "Bathroom?" I managed to croak out.
Megan pointed but I didn't have a chance to thank her because I was already running.
The bathroom was several doors down, crashing threw the door I found the first open stall and fell to my knees just in time.
I had never felt so rotten in my entire life.  Not even when I'd had food poisoning from seafood when I was seventeen and I'd actually thought I was going to die back then. This was worse because it had come out of no where.
I hadn't eaten anything that could make me sick and up until a few minutes ago I had felt better than ever apart from a few aches and pains.
But now? 
Now I didn't know if I was going to pass out or throw up again. My skin felt cold but feverish and I just couldn't stop. 
I had nothing left in my stomach but I kept heaving anyway.
"Cassie I've got you a glass of water." Megan spoke from the other side of the closed stall door. 
"Thank you." Flashing I opened the door and took the paper cup gratefully. "I might have the stomach flu."
"Oh no. You do look paler than usual. I have you bag as well." She thrust it forward and I took it gratefully.
"Thanks Megan. I have some gum in here so that should help with the sick breath."
"Of course. I'll leave you to straighten up. Meet me back at the locker room at six sharp ok? We both have the night shift tonight."
"Of course." Closing the door on her I began to rifle through my bag, finally my hand closed around a packet and I yanked it out.
Only it wasn't gum at all. It was a tampon. An unused tampon at the bottom of my bag.
And then I was heaving again. Only this time I prayed to black out because this couldn't be happening.


###chapter 41
Cassie 


"It's positive." The pharmacist beamed at me. As she pushed across the little envelope with my results in. "Congratulations."
I didn't say a word, I knew my mouth was open and gaping in shock. "There must be some kind of mistake." I finally muttered.
"I mean there's always a chance but-" The pharmacist lowered her voice even though the small one site pharmacy was empty apart from a woman in a white coat who was at the back end of the shop. 
"It has to be a mistake." I muttered again but deep down I knew there wasn't. Not that it made it any easier to swallow. I had taken the contraceptive. This shouldn't be happening.  The chances of it happening were so miniscule that I hadn't even thought it was a possibility.
"Is there a problem here?" The lady in the white coat sidled up to me. Her face sympathetic as she glanced down at the envelope in my hand and then at my white face. 
"You look like you've seen a ghost my dear." She patted my arm. "Was this not the news you were hoping for?"
I shook my head mutely. This was in fact the worst possible news at the worst possible time, I'd just got my job here and already it was being threatened and then there was the small problem of who the father was.
What the hell would Julian say? What would he do?
"I was careful. I took-"
"I see." Another comforting pat on my arm. "Well sometimes there are faulse positives. Do you want me to scan you quickly and then we can see one way or another."
I lifted my eyes to her. "You would do that for me?"
She nodded, a warm smile on her face. "Clinic is over and you look like you need answers so I would be happy to."
A fresh wave of nausea rushed up my throat.
"And a prescription for anti sickness drugs I think." She nodded to the pharmacist who nodded back. "Can you arrange that for us and bring it next door?"
"Of course."
"Come on lovely." A warm arm was placed around my shoulders. "Are you a patient here or-"
"My first day." I managed to mutter. "Probably going to be my last day."
"Now don't be silly." A key was placed into a lock and she stepped through. Pulling me with her, flicking on lights as she went.  "Having a baby doesn't mean the end of your career. Take a seat up on the table and get comfortable. Let's see what's going on." She moved confidently around the room. "When was your last period?"
I did what she asked but i didn't say anything. It might not be the end of a normal woman's career but I wasn't a normal woman. I was the wife of the crown prince and I hadn't had a period since before we had married.
I'd been with another man in that time. Of course I'd been with Julian as well but he had never emptied himself inside of me. The chances of the baby if I was pregnant being Julian's were slim.
Then again the chances of being pregnant after I had taken the vial should also be slim,but here we were.
Julian was going to murder me.
"This is going to be cold." 
A glob of freezing gel was squeezed onto my stomach and then something hard pressed into my skin. Gliding over with the help of the goo.
"Well you're definitely pregnant. About two months or so." The screen was moved so I could see what was happening in my body and my eyes fixed on the bean shaped things that took up half the screen.
There was another one right next to it.
"Is that-" I couldn't speak or breathe or move.
"There's two yes. Twins and both have healthy heartbeats. Let me just check a few things and then we can get you a picture or two printed out. I am sure your boyfriend or husband is going to want to see this?"
"Yeah." I couldn't take my eyes away from the screen. Two? I was pregnant with twins and I was two months along already.
My husband would definitely have a lot to say about this sudden turn of events if he found out. In fact he would probably have me banished or executed. 


Megan


What the hell was Cassie hiding now? Frowning I watched as she moved out of OB/GYN wing and back towards the locker room with a brown envelope clutched to her chest. She looked pale but better than she had in the bathroom but that still didn't answer why she was in that part of the hospital just before her shift. 
We had to scrub in soon and-
"Oh hey." She turned like she had heard or maybe felt me walking behind her. "I didn't expect to see you here."
"Was just grabbing a sandwich before the shift starts." I lied rubbing my stomach as if that proved I had just eaten. "Where have you been?"
"I wanted to grab some things from the pharmacy for this stomach flu." Cassie pushed into the locker room and went straight to her locker. The envelope disappeared inside and my eyes narrowed.
She was such a liar.
"Are you feeling better."
The blood drained from Cassie's face but she nodded her head. "Much thank you. I think I'll be back to normal after a shower." Gathering up her scrubs she slammed the door to her locker shut.
"I'm sure that you will." Turning to my own locker I began to pull everything I needed out but the moment I heard the water from the shower start it was her locker I opened.
The envelope was right there and my fingers trembled as I ripped it open.
A pregnancy test was the first thing I saw. A positive one and then a little pile of photos. Each showing a-
Sickness rolled my stomach. Thrusting them back in I slammed the door closed and fell onto the wooden bench. My head in my hands.
"Hey are you ok?" Cassie asked. Her shower had been super quick and I'd almost been caught but I'd seen enough. 
Too much actually because this was going to ruin all of my plans.
Every single one of them.
"Just a headache." I forced myself to say.
"Well I hope I haven't given you what I have." She said sweetly and I wanted to smash my fists in to her face like I had done last night. I was already regretting stopping. I should have killed her and left her body in the woods. No one would have suspected me.
"No I don't think so." Forcing myself to my feet I glared at her. If I had what she had then Julian would be mine and there would be nothing anyone could do about it. 
I wanted Julian's baby in my belly.
But no, it had to be Cassie. All the good things happened to Saint Cassie. The wolf who could do no wrong. It made me sick.
She made me sick.
And I hated her.
"Well tonight's your first shift. Are you nervous? It's a lot busier here than where we were before." I ground out between my teeth but my smile didn't slip once.
"I am a little nervous, yeah. But I've wanted this for so long." Cassie gave a  little shrug.
She had every reason to be nervous, especially around me but I didn't say that. Instead I smiled wider. "Well you don't need to worry, Cassie. I'll take good care of you."

###chapter 42
Cassie 


Narrowing my eyes I tried to take in everything that the surgeon was doing. And even though I tried my best it was next to impossible to take in everything but that's why I was there. To learn from the best and I already felt I was learning a lot. Even if the nausea kept coming in waves that made me feel faint.
This was my dream to actually be a surgeon. So I wasn't about to excuse myself. The nice doctor who had done the sonography was right. Being pregnant and having a baby, well two babies shouldn't be a reason not to follow my dreams. If anything it was a reason to cling on to those dreams even tighter. And I planned on doing just that.
After all soon enough I wouldn't just have my sick mother to look after but two innocent little lives as well.
Two of them. 
The thought made me smile behind my mask and my hand went to my stomach. It wouldn't be long until it began to curve outwards and then people would notice but for now it was my little secret and I would guard them with my life.
"You can close up now." Dr Poe stepped back and I shook away the thoughts that had been preoccupying me.
"Yes doctor." I stepped forward into her spot. It made me feel proud that she trusted me to do this on my first day and I wasn't going to let her down.
"What would you like me to do?" Megan's voice was cracking with the effort to sound submissive.
"You can assist Cassie." 
I turned to smile at them both but doctor Poe was gone and Megan? Well megan was staring daggers at my stomach.
I felt the blood drain from my face. The look she was giving me wasn't nice. It wasn't friendly. In fact if looks could kill then I would have dropped dead on the spot.
"Of course." Megan dragged her eyes upwards. "How are you feeling now Cassie?" She asked sweetly. And the smile was back on her face but it was too late to pretend now. I had seen the way she was looking at me when she thought I wasn't looking and it made me uncomfortable.
I couldn't trust her.
"I'm ok." I answered evenly. "Just a little tired."
The doctor earlier had said I needed to take it easy and that I looked wrung out and exhausted and I was feeling even worse now. I knew I had to rest more and that pushing my body to its limit wasn't good for me or for my babies. I had to find some kind of balance but not today.  Today I had to push myself a little bit so I made a good impression and cemented my position here.
I felt like it was going well.
"Yeah it can be tiring can't it. Let's get this all done so we can take a break hey."
Finishing off took just under an hour and I felt every one of the minutes in that hours. By the time we reached the locker room again I was so exhausted I could barely see straight.
Falling down on to the wooden bench I groaned.
"Here. Drink something." Megan thrust a bottle of water into my hand and I took it gratefully. Twisting the already loosened lid and swallowing half the bottle down before I came up for air.
"Thank you." I said gratefully. Maybe Megan wasn't so bad after all. She seemed to be genuinely making an effort to be my friend and I kept judging her. Why was that?
Possibly because she was sleeping with my husband and I was jealous?  It did feel strange to be friendly with my husbands mistress. She really seemed to be trying to be nice.
"Drink it all up." Megan prompted with a smile. "You need it all."


***


"Cass-"
Something cool and wet swiped against my skin and my eyes tried to open but for some reason they wouldn't. It was like they were glued together. Even my eyelashes felt sticky and my eyelids felt like they were weighted down.
"Cassie." The deep masculine voice said again. "Try to open your eyes for me."
They flew open and panic gripped me as confusion clouded my mind. I didn't know where I was. All I knew was that I was somewhere dark and enclosed with a man who was holding me tightly on the back seat.
"Whoa , whoa. Cassie. It's just me." A familiar voice spoke from slightly behind me. "It's Forrest."
"Forrest?" My heart slowed to a more regular rhythm. "What happened?" I struggled to sit up and the hands on my shoulders tightened and eased me back down. 
"Just read a second Cassie. I'm glad to see you awake finally but you gave me quite a scare when I found you." He chuckled darkly. "You need to quit doing that. I don't think my old heart can take it anymore."
I wanted to tell him he wasn't old but none of what he had said made sense. "What do you mean you found me?"
His face appeared above mine. Upside down and grinning a little sheepishly. "I found you, at the edge of the parking lot. You were lucky because I only spotted you because I was heading back inside because I forgot a file. Thought you were a drunk at first." His eyes widened . "You aren't a drunk are you Cassie?"
I could see by his face that he was joking.
"No."
"Been drinking at all? What were you doing out there?"
I frowned and it gave me more of a headache then I had already.  
"No."
"Then why were you passed out in the parking lot Cassie? Have you been blacking out?"
"I was in work." I mumbled quickly. That was the last thing I remembered. Assisting in the surgery and the pride I had felt when doctor Poe had asked me to close up.
"You work here?" Forrest's eyebrows lifted in shock. "Did Julian change his mind and give you-"
I shook my head, untangling myself from his arms. "No." Shivering I tried to sit up and a fresh kind of pain hit me in the stomach.
"Where is my jacket?" Confused, I fingered the hem of my sweater. I was dressed in my civilian clothes although I couldn't remember getting changed after the surgery.
"You weren't wearing one. What the hell is going on Cassie."
"I don't know. I remember closing up for Doctor Poe and then heading back to the locker room." I froze staring down at the sweater material that was covering my stomach. There was a small hole in it. One that I knew hadn't been there before because it was brand new.
"Megan."
"What?" Forrest asked.
"Megan got me the position. I was with her after the surgery and." Lifting the sweater I stared down at my usually smooth skin except the skin wasn't smooth anymore. There was a growing bruise on it and in the centre of it, like a bullseye was a needle mark.
My heart slammed into my chest.
"Damn Cassie." Forrest whistled through his teeth as he saw it. "What the hell happened to you?"
"Megan gave me a bottle of water to drink."
###chapter 43
Cassie


I couldn't believe it even though the proof was right there in front of my eyes. Megan had drugged me. And just when I was starting to trust her. Which was just stupid of me. I'd always known that she couldn't be trusted.
Women like Megan never could.
"Is that a puncture?" Forrest sounded confused and I couldn't blame him for that. I was confused as well because if Megan had drugged me and then injected me in the stomach when I was unconscious then she knew.
The real question was how did she know I was pregnant? I'd only just found out myself and yet somehow she knew. Nothing was safe. Not even my twins and they were cradled inside my body. Lovingly I ran my fingers over the mark before covering my stomach and finally meeting Forrest's eyes.
"Yes. I'm guessing Megan injected me with something."
Forrest's mouth fell open in shock. "Why would she do that?"
I didn't say anything, I didn't really need to. Forrest was a clever man and he would figure it out sooner or later. If he hadn't already.
"Because she's a bitch." Groaning, I pushed myself up to sitting and even that small movement made everything hurt. I whimpered. I didn't feel right at all. Everything felt kind of tight.
What the hell had Megan given me? There were numerous drugs she could have put in the water to knock me out but it wasn't that I was worried about. It was what she had injected me in the stomach with.
Were my babies ok?
"Forrest?" I asked weakly.
"Yes Cassie." He answered instantly. 
"I think I need to go and get checked out in the emergency room." Again I caressed my stomach and this time my voice was thick with unshed tears. Panic gripped me in its icy gasp.
For a second Forrest just stared at me and then something that looked like realisation flickered to life in his forest green eyes. 
"Of course. Let me get us closer to the entrance so you don't have to walk." He clambered out of the car. "Just try and relax ok. I'll look after you." He moved around the car and got in behind the wheel.
I tried to relax as we drove for a few minutes towards the main hospital building but it was almost impossible. 
How could i relax when this was all my own fault. I had let my guard down around Megan even though I knew she was dangerous. Hell it had been less than twenty four hours since she attacked me and now she had done it again. 
Only this time it was my babies she was trying to hurt.
I blamed myself for other reasons as well. More personal reasons because I'd thought about having an abortion. In fact I'd seriously considered it.
What kind of mother did that make me?
What kind of mum would I be, when I couldn't keep them safe?
"Here we are. Hold on on." Forrest slammed the breaks on and I went lurching forward with a fresh cry. 
"Trying." I said softly in a whisper. "Just hold on." I told the two little lives nestling in my stomach. "Please be ok." I begged them.
"Here let me carry you." Forrest lifted me easily into his arms. Cradling me like a baby and I didn't fight against him. Instead I let my head fall onto his chest and closed my eyes.
There would be other times for me to be a strong independent woman but they weren't now. Right at this second I just wanted to be looked after.
"Thank you Forrest. I don't know what I would do without you." I whispered. Cold rain drops landed on the naked skin of my stomach. My shirt must have risen up when he had lifted me from the car but I was just to tired and scared to cover myself. 
I didn't care who saw.
I just wanted to make sure my babies were ok.
There was the loud squeal of tires but I ignored them. People were always rushing in and out of the emergency room but I couldn't worry about them right now even though I was a doctor and it was my job. I had to concentrate on myself right now. And the two little lives growing inside of me.
The roar was even louder than the screeching tires.
I knew the sound of that growl and I knew who it belonged to.  I stiffened in Forrest's arm, panicking wildly because the last person I wanted to see right now was my husband.
"It's on Cassie. It's ok. Settle down." Forrest tried to smooth me. "I phoned him ok."
I froze. Frowning up into his face. "Why would you do that?" I whispered.
"He needed to know Cassie." Forrest whispered back and then he snapped his lips together and Julian's face came into view. 
"What the hell is happening here?" He was angry and I didn't know why. But his eyes were murderous.
"I found her, your highness." Forrest answered quickly and quietly. "On the edge of the parking lot. Unconscious."
He didn't put up a fight when Julian tried to take me from his arms.  I did though. I didn't want to be held in Julian's arms. I didn't want him to look after me. I wanted someone I liked and trusted with me.
"I see." Julian's eyes raked down over my stomach before landing on my stomach with a scowl. My blood ran cold. Did he know as well? How was it possible that everyone had found out already? 
"Ian." He barked an order and his Beta stepped towards their car. Opening the back seat.
"Get off me." I started to struggle. "I don't need to-"
"Stop fighting me Cassie. I am here to make sure you are ok?" There was something in his voice that made me pause. He was barely containing his anger. 
"How did you get here so quickly?" Forrest asked, bringing up the rear.
"We were close by." Ian asked smoothly. "On pack business."
I risked a glance up at Julian's face and a frown knitted my eyebrows together. They just happened to be close by on pack business? It seemed to much of a coincidence.
Had my husband,had Julian been privy to Megan's plan? For all I knew he had been the one to do the planning, not her. He sure hated me enough.
It actually made sense. 
"You two deserve each other." I hissed as Julian took a seat in the car with me firmly on his lap and the door shut behind us. "I hate you both."



###chapter 44
Julian 

The sound of the car door slamming shut was loud but not loud enough to drown out her hissed words. Turning to her in shock I stared at her tear stained pale face in the dark confines of the back of the car.
Frowning, I reached up and pressed the back of my hand to her sweaty forehead. It was cold but that wasn't surprising seeing as she had been outside unconscious for goddess knew how long.
She shied away from my touch like it repulsed her. 
"What do you mean by that Cassie?" I let my hand drop to my side and my fingers clenched into a fist. 
"Nothing Julian." She whispered and her voice was weaker and more vulnerable than I had ever heard it. "Can we not fight tonight please. I can't stand it."
I didn't want to fight either. When Forrest had called Ian and explained that he had found Cassie passed out in the rain I had felt a panic so intense that I couldn't breath. 
And then I had seen her in his arms and the panic had turned to pure murderous rage at seeing her in another man's arms. Even if it was Forrest and they were just friends. I hated seeing her with anyone else. Especially someone she so obviously cared for and trusted.
She didn't have either of those feelings for me and it showed in her face.
"Then tell me what you meant by the," pausing I took a breath. "You two deserve each other?" I quirked up an eyebrow. "Who deserves each other?"
"You and Megan." She snapped back after a moment's hesitation and the words tore themselves out of the throat in a strangled yell.
I did a double take. 
"Probably like you and Forrest deserve each other right?" I was goading her again and I didn't know why. I couldn't help myself. It was just in my nature to argue with her. "Or the man in the internet last night?" I gave a dark chuckle. "I mean at least I don't think you were showing off your body last night. But I might be wrong."
I let my eyes drift down her body and she quickly covered her stomach. It was too late though I had already seen. 
I had seen the moment I had watched Forrest pick her up from the car. That slip of creamy flesh and the gentle curve of her hip were all I could focus on. It was all I could focus on now. 
The need for her was so strong it took my breath away. Even now when she was sick or injured and we were again at each others throats I wanted her so much I ached.
But I couldn't let her see that. It would make me weak. 
"You just can't help flash your body to men can you my darling wife? Is it an attention thing?" Cocking my head to the side I waited for her to deny it.
Instead she laughed. "That's rich coming from you." She chuckled.
"What do you mean by that?"
"You're not faithful to me are you? Aren't you and Megan together?" She asked sarcastically. "Aren't you in love with each other?"
I stared at her for a second.  
"You can't be mad at me for anything Julian. Not when you are in love with another woman?"
Frowning l leant over and pushed her hair behind her ears, my fingers lingered on her cheek. "No,"
"No?"
"I'm not in love with Megan." I answered quickly. At one point I had thought Megan was the woman who saved me. The one I was sure was my mate but I couldn't be sure that was true now.  "I owe her." I said simply.
"You owe her." Cassie's eyes flashed angrily. "All of this is because you owe her?" She slapped my hand away , her fingers making contact with my face in her rage.
Surprised I sat back, a bemused expression on my face.
"Now now my little wife. Isn't your mum still in the hospital?" I taunted. "You wouldn't want to piss me off enough that I stop funding her treatments do you?"
Her face flamed bright red and I knew I had her. She would do anything for her mother and we both knew it.
Cassie's rage sounded like a roar in the close confines of the car. Suddenly she twisted. Her body straddling mine and her small hands closed around my throat and squeezed.
"Don't ever." Her wolf looked down at me. All golden fire and rage as she strangled me. "Threaten my mother again."
I grinned before I could help myself. She was so fierce and so loyal. And she fought for what she loved. 
"Do it little wife." I smiled up at her. "Strangle the life out of me. But who will look after you and your mother if I die? Who will you have if you don't have me looking after you."
Cassie's lips thinned and her fingers tightened even more. Cutting off my air. She was strong , I realised. Much stronger than her tiny frame looked and she was brave as well.
Brave and passionate and-
"Oh." She sobbed and her fingers slipped from my throat.
"That's better. A wife of mine should have fire." Reaching up I massaged my throat. "But she should also know what battles to fight. I don't have to be your enemy Cassie."
"I thought I already was?" She whispered.
"Hating you is part of the fun I think." I admitted with a chuckle. "But you are my wife. I do not want to see you with other men."
And there it was the truth. I hated seeing her with other men. It woke up a green eyed monster inside of me. 
"And what about Megan?" She retorted quickly and then her eyes grew round and wide. "You don't want a divorce?"
I shook my head. "I don't want a divorce. Not yet anyway."
"Then you want me to just pretend to be happy? That's all you want?"
"To be my wife." I answered simply.
Groaning she fell forward until her face hit my shoulder. "I can't live like this Julian. With you hating me and humiliating me but I know we can't go on like this. So I'll act like your wife -"
I didn't even let her finish. Cupping the back of her head I drew her face level with mine. "Ok."
"Ok? Just like that you agree? What about Megan?" She asked again and I frowned. Why did she keep asking about Megan? 
"I'm not in love with Megan. I just owe her big time that's all."
"It's none of my business Julian. I won't pry into your personal life, if you don't snoop around in mine. I'll be your wife on paper. I'll be a good wife." She nodded her head and for a second I wanted to kiss her but then a wave of pain washed over her face and I remembered why I had been called here in the first place.
"Just take me home Julian. I need to sleep. So just drive."
"Soon Cassie." Smoothing my hand down her cheek I smiled. I felt closer to her than I ever had before and I liked that feeling a lot. It felt like we understood each other better finally.
I didn't know what the future held for us but for now we were trapped together and there was nothing either one of us could do about it because we needed each other.
"But you need to be checked out by a doctor first." I said softly. "And then I'll drive you home."


###chapter 45
Cassie


"Are you sure this is right?" Unsure I stared down at the mess of broken egg shells that littered the kitchen island.
Hovering at my shoulder I could feel her mutter something but I couldn't make out what she was saying. 
Pursing my lips I blew out a breath. "Why is this so hard?" I groaned. I was a surgeon. I literally held people's lives in my hands on a daily basis and yet I couldn't poach an egg.
"You will get it Cassie." She patted me on the shoulder and I felt her move away. "Try again."
"I'm wasting so much food." I whined. Clenching my fists as yet another egg came out of the pan mangled. Why couldn't I do this? Why was I so inept at doing even the most mundane of tasks. "And the sauce is."
"The hollandaise is perfect." Cathy moved around the kitchen to put the coffee machine on. "I would even go so far as to say it's better than mine."
"Really?" In my shock I dropped another egg and cursed loudly.
"You need to calm down." She busied herself. "Or step back and I'll do it for you."
"No." I snapped. "I mean thank you but I would like to cook him his favourite breakfast."
Cathy paused and stared at me. A look of curiosity making her face slack. "I respect that and I love that you are trying to make an effort in this relationship because he's far too stubborn to but you were up with the sun this morning. And now you are trying to make him his favourite breakfast."
I didn't say a word and concentrated on the last egg in the basket. I knew it was confusing to her but I needed to do this. Last night and the exchange we'd had in the car an idea had started to form. I didn't quite know what Julian wanted from me but I knew what I needed from him and to get it I needed to start playing nice.
Plus we couldn't keep living in the same house and fighting the way we were. It was just making us both miserable. We couldn't get out of this situation so we had to make the best of it.
"I just want us to be happy." I muttered and then a cry of happiness screeched its way out of my lips. Quickly using the slotted spoon I took the egg from the rolling water.
"You did it."
"I did it." I nodded my head but pride was making my chest puff out. "Shall I start dishing up?"
"Yes. The young prince will be down in a few minutes. You do that and I'll tidy up. He isn't the best fan of messy counters or clutter."
Smiling my apology I began to ensemble Julian's favourite breakfast. 
"Good morning Cathy-" Julian's voice stopped mid sentence and I could feel his eyes on the back of my head. "And good morning Cassie."
Glancing over my shoulder I smiled at him. "Good morning Julian. Breakfast is ready."
"You cooked-" 
I slid the plate across the table to him. 
"Breakfast?"
"Yes. I'll grab you a coffee why don't you start. I don't want it to get cold." Not waiting to see if he did what I asked I headed towards the coffee pot.
"Cathy." Julian said quietly. "Can you give us a few minutes please?"
"Of course alpha." She scuttled away and I scuttled towards him with a mug and the coffee pot.
"You don't have cream or sugar do you?" I asked sweetly as I began to pour. 
He caught my wrist and stopped me. "What are you playing at Cassie?"
"I don't know what you are talking about?" I smiled. I knew exactly what he was talking about.
"Sit down." He barked.
"Just let me -"
The fingers around my wrist flexed stopping me on the spot. "Sit down and tell me what new game you are playing."
Reluctantly I did what he asked and he went back to eating. It looked like he was enjoying it but you could never really know with Julian.
"How is it?" I couldn't help but ask.
"Did you cook this?" He asked with his mouth full. I nodded. "It's good just not as good as Cathy's."
I couldn't help it, I bristled. He was trying to get a rise out of me again but today I wasn't going to bite.
"I'll try and do better."
The sound of his knife and fork was loud as he dropped them onto his empty plate. "Stop with the games Cassie." His eyes bored into mine and the look was so intense I automatically dropped my eyes to the table top. 
"Can't I make my husband breakfast?"
"Of course but you wouldn't. So tell me or I get up and walk away."
I sucked my bottom lip into my mouth and chewed on it.
"And stop doing that to your lip. It's distracting as hell-" he muttered. "Cassie."
"I was going to ask," I trailed off.
"Then ask."
"If you would drive me to work today." I finally managed.
For several long minutes he didn't say anything but I could feel his eyes on me. "You want me to drive you into work?"
"Yes."
"Why?"
Pausing, I finally lifted my eyes to him. He knew why I was asking and I could see it on his face. 
"I see." Steepling his hands under his chin he continued to stare at me and say nothing and my heart sank. He wasn't going to do it. He was going to make me face Megan and the other staff at the hospital without back up. 
"Don't worry about it. I'll take my car." Scraping back my chair I stood up. "Excuse me Julian. I'm going to go and get ready."
Defeated I moved around the table towards the door. I wanted a long hot bath before my shift later and maybe a little lay down just to prepare myself for work which now a days felt like a battle.
He caught me around my waist and pulled me into him so my hip was against his shoulder.
"I can drive you." Julian's voice was a soft whisper.
"Thank you Julian."
"Which car shall we take?"
I risked a glance down at his smiling face. He knew what I was asking and was agreeing to it.
"Your most expensive one."

###chapter 46
Cassie


"Your chariot awaits m'lady."
Pausing on the steps leading from the front door I tore my eyes away from the sleek cherry red sports car with its doors that opened upwards instead of outwards and turned them to my husband and the air left my lungs in a whoosh.
He looked better than I had ever seen him. Handsome with the sun giving his hair golden highlights but it was more than that. He looked casual and relaxed in his jeans and white shirt. The sleeves rolled up to expose tanned corded forearms.
There should be a law against looking that good when you were such a horrible person. 
"You look beautiful." He murmured as I walked passed. He said it so quietly that at first I thought I'd not heard him right but one look at his handsome face and I knew I had. There was heat in his eyes and it made heat pool between my thighs.
"Thank you." I whispered with my cheeks flaming red, I slipped into the low leather seat and he closed the door behind me. 
I'd been in a few nice cars in my life but nothing like this! Because this was unreal. The perfect mixture of sleek and stylish and hi tech.
Leaning forward I ran my hand across the dashboard.
"Do you approve?" He asked as he slid inside as well. "Does it pass?" He turned to me with a glint in his eyes.
"It's beautiful."
A smile spread across his face which wasn't fair because it just made him more handsome. "I was debating whether to choose the Aston Martin DBS but I think this -"
I cut him off with a gasp of appreciation. "You have a Aston Martin?"
"I have several. You -"
"It's my favourite car in the world. I have always wanted one." I admitted.
"You can take one of mine. We will go for a drive when the weather is clearer and you can choose one that suits you." Starting the car he pulled away from the house and for several seconds we were both silent. I lost myself in the whirl of my thoughts and the loud purring roar of the engine.
"You would do that for me?" I finally asked.
Out of the corner of his eye he stared at me. "Yeah Cassie. I would." More silence. "How are you feeling now? You really had me worried yesterday."
I turned my head away and looked at the cats whizzing past. Last night had scared me as well but everything was fine. At least that's what I had been told. Of course it didn't mean that she wouldn't keep trying.
"Everything is fine. No harm done."
Julian's hands clenched so tightly around the steering wheel that his knuckles popped and turned white. "You say that Cassie but someone tried to harm you. If it hadn't of been for Forrest-"
"He's a good friend."
"Yeah." Julia gritted his teeth. "He is but it doesn't change the fact that someone tried to harm my wife. I can't allow that to happen again."
"Because you're the only one that's allowed to hurt me?" I asked. Part of me expected him to laugh my question off but instead he reached out and pressed his hand just above my knee. Squeezing it. 
My breath caught in my throat and a last gasp escaped my lips. 
"I am the only one allowed Cassie. But let's be honest you enjoy it when I do. Part of you kind of craves it."
Scowling at him I turned my body away from him. He was deluded. 
Deluded and partly right because I did kind of like it. Not that I would ever admit that to his face or to anyone else. It was my own personal little dirty secret.
Just like I liked his hand on my leg and the way his fingers kneaded my thigh hard. 
Laughing he went back to concentrating on the road. But he kept his hand where it was. His fingers sliding against my skin, digging in just enough to cause me to bite back little whimper and then soothing away the pain.
My husband was enjoying himself and so was I if I was honest with myself.
Julian wasn't so bad , not really which was good because I had decided to keep the babies.
Last night had really opened my eyes to the fact that I did want them. I knew it wasn't going to be easy. Especially when I couldn't be sure if they were Julian's or my mystery wedding night man's and Julian would go ballistic when he found out but I had to live in hope that he would understand why I couldn't get rid of them. I was praying that part of him would be merciful but if he wasn't  then. Well then I would do what I needed to do to raise them and give them a good life
If I was careful and worked hard the next few months then I might even have enough money saved to find us a small place.
Me, my mum and the twins.
We could be happy even if it would be hard work.
"What time do you finish tonight?"
Julian's question surprised me out of my thought. Blinking I looked out at the sprawling hospital building.
"That was quick."
"You were away lost in your own thoughts. You have a line between your eyebrows you've been frowning so hard."
Reaching out he rubbed at my face with his thumb. Easing away the line.
"I'm just worried about my mum." I lied. "And I finish at five thirty but I doubt I'll get out before six."
"I'll come and pick you up." His fingers slid from my forehead to my cheek. "She's coming."
I didn't have to ask who was coming. 
"Kiss me Cassie."
"W-what?" I stuttered confused.
"Kiss me. Just having me drop you off isn't going to prove your point to her. Kiss me." His eyes glittered. "We are man and wife, we would kiss each other goodbye."
I only hesitated a second before closing the distance between us and pressing my lips to his. 
The kiss seared through me.
"Oh Cassie." Julian's hand tightened on the back of my head. "You can do better than that."


###chapter 47
Cassie


Julian pulled me further into him, his lips greedily plundering at my mouth with a groan that made my lower stomach clench.
When he got like this, there was no denying the heat between us. And it was scorching hot and molton. It felt like it would burn me alive. 
"Cassie." He moaned and the grip on my hair tightened as instead of pulling me into him, he pushed me back against the buttery leather of my seat. 
I fell into the kiss and the feel of his warm hand as it slid up my thigh another inch. Disappearing under my form fitting skirt.
And I wanted more. So much more. I needed his hand to travel all the way up to touch my core so he could see how wet this made me.
"She's watching-" he murmured against my mouth. 
"Julian." I pulled him over me. Kissing him wildly. And the passion between us seemed to take the very air out of the car. 
It was hot and familiar. Just like the need in me. We had done this before. Completely fallen into each other without it being a battle of wills but I knew that wasn't true. 
We had never kissed like this before, with need a passion and mutual respect. All the times before it had been a battle. 
"That's better." Pulling away slightly Julian let his head rest on mine and our breath mingled. "Oh before I forget." Digging deep into his pocket he brought a key. A small silver one that looked new and freshly cut. 
"What's this for?" I closed my fingers around it.
"Your new office." He winked , the hand underneath my ponytail pulled me down for another kiss. "My wife shouldn't have to change in the locker rooms. It's room 207." His lips moved across my face to my ear , his breath tickling more of my senses. "And I'll pick you up this evening and take you for dinner. Have a good shift Cassie."
"Thank you Julian." I whispered as I got out the car and came face to face with Megan who was standing a few feet away. Her face was a mask of hatred.
"Think about where you want to eat tonight." Julian's voice called out behind me as I swept passed her and the look of pure bitterness on her face. She hated it. Hated seeing me kiss my husband in front of her but after what she had done this wasn't going to be the last time I put her in her place. 
She might have been his lover but I was his wife.
"My beautiful wife's choice."
I turned back before I could help myself to see Megan sidle up the drivers door. It was clear that she was trying hard to talk to him but Julian didn't even look at her. Instead he lifted his hand and gave me a little wave before speeding away.
Chuckling smugly I made my way into the bush hospital. The little key held like a talisman in my hand. 
All I needed to do now was find room 207 and my office.


***


My new office was on the second floor and in the corner. So it was probably a nice spacious office. I hoped that Julian hadn't kicked out a more experienced doctor for it because that would just cause me more headaches in the long run. I wanted to get on here and get along with the staff like I did in my old hospital. 
Sliding the key into the lock I  was surprised when the door pushed open without me even having to turn it. Stepping inside I fumbled for the light switch but didn't have a chance to turn it on as a cruel hand closed in around my wrist and dragged me inside.
The door was slammed shut and I was slammed against the wall with so much force that my head rebounded off of it and my teeth rattled.
"What the hell was that about?" Megan stepped into my space. One hand tightly around my wrist and her other arm pressed up against my windpipe.
"What are you talking about?"
Megan's eyes were filled with such hatred that my blood ran cold. She wasn't going to stop because Julian had acted like a loving husband to me. She wouldn't stop until I was out of the picture completely. 
And that meant me and my babies were in serious danger. 
"That little show in the parking lot. The kissing and then this office-" she snarled and her voice broke out in her voice with every word she spoke. 
"He's my husband." I growled back. "If we kiss it is of no concern to you." I could barely breathe but I let my eyes travel over her face and I sneered. "Did you think he was going to leave me for you and that you would one day be queen? Come on Megan. Men like Julian don't marry women like you,"
"What do you mean women like me?"
"Gold digging slags." The moment I said it I knew it was a mistake. Megan was jealous and jealous women were always dangerous.
She pressed down on the arm over my throat until my eyes bugged out of my head. 
"Says you." Megan brought her face so close to mine that I could see the spit shining on het lips. I could even smell the stale coffee on her breath and it made me want to gag.
"You with a bastard mutt in your belly." Throwing back her head she laughed like a maniac. "Well maybe still growing in your belly."
Rage engulfed me. Lifting my hand I slapped her hard across the face. I hit her with so much force that my palm went numb with the shock of it.
"You tried. " I spluttered. "You're a murderer and -" twisting my body I freed myself. I was so close to shifting and that could be dangerous when you were pregnant so I had to be careful.
I needed to calm down.
"What's Julian going to do when he finds out another man's baby is growing in his wife's baby." She took a step towards the desk. Confused I watched as she reached into her bag and pulled out a bottle of water. Slamming it down on the desk.
"Maybe he won't ever. Maybe even now you are losing that bastard child but if not-" she sneered like a maniac. "I can always try again. Be careful what you drink Cassie. Be careful what you eat because-"
The door slammed open again and a man appeared roaring. Closing the distance between the door and Megan he backed her up until she was pressed up against the desk and had nowhere else to go.
His hand closed around her throat and lifted.
"Forrest no." I rushed forward. I had known Forrest my entire life but I had never seen him act like this 
"I don't care if you have the princes protection Megan, in this hospital we do not attack our co-workers." Loosening his grip he stepped away. Rubbing his palm on his trousers like she had dirtied them. "So I will be reporting you."
Megan's eyes flashed. "She hit me."
"She didn't hit you first. She didn't attack you first and anyway," he lowered his voice to a hiss. "I heard first hand you threatening her life and the lives of her babies."
Megan's eyes widened. "Whatever you say." Shouldering passed him, she pointed straight at me with a sneer. "This isn't finished Cassie. I am going to make you pay ."

###chapter 48
Cassie


"Well we have really done it now haven't we." With a sigh Forrest bent and picked up a bunch of flowers that had dropped on the floor. Megan had stomped on some of the flower heads on her way out but they still looked pretty. 
"I got these for you." Sheepishly he passed them over and I gratefully took them. 
"Thank you." Crossing over to my desk I sank down into my seat , my eyes pinched closed. "We have really done it now."
He took the swag opposite me. "Do you think she will go through with it?"
"Without a question of a doubt. Today is the third time she had attacked me this week. She's getting more and more unhinged."
"Because you are pregnant?" Forrest asked in a matter of fact kind of way.
My eyes flew open and my hands dropped to my stomach protectively. "Yes." I whispered. 
Forrest was looking at me like I had grown another head. 
"I'm sorry I didn't tell you." 
He shook his head. "Don't worry about that. Have you told Julian? He would protect you and the baby. I know you two have your differences but this is his heir-"  Forrest trailed off and his eyes narrowed. "You have told Julian right?"
Mutely I shook my head
"For gods sake Cassie why not?" Realisation darkened his eyes and he jumped to his feet. Slamming his hand down on the desk hard. "Please tell me the baby is Julian's."
I stayed silent because I didn't want to lie to him. "Oh shit Cassie." He began to pass back and forth. "Are you sure they aren't his?"
"Pretty positive." I admitted and my voice cracked. 
"You mean you two haven't been-" his cheeks flushed. "Been intimate?" He finally managed. "You're married. You have been for months."
"Of course we have but he's careful not to-" it was my turn to blush. We were both medical professionals but seemed unable to say the words to each other.
He lifted his eyebrows.
"Finish inside of me. Our marriage is contractual, Forrest. It isn't one of love. Sometimes I wished it was but then - well it's not his."
"What the hell Cassie." He almost yelled at me. "Did you have a boyfriend I didn't know about? Someone you were seeing before the wedding day got sprung on you? I know it was always your fate to marry him but the day-"
"No Forrest." I said wearily. "I don't want to talk about it."
Forrest let out an audible sigh and fell back into his chair. Reaching across the desk to take one of my trembling hands. "Oh goddess Cassie." His voice shook. "I would come around there and give you the biggest hug ever if I knew that was ok. But why didn't you tell anyone? You shouldn't have to go through something like this alone and you have options. Did you take the morning after-"
"I did." With a sigh I paused and stared at him. "What do you mean options?" I narrowed my eyes .
"I just mean there's choices you have if it isn't your husbands and I think Julian would understand if you explained it to him."
I curled my lip in disbelief. If Forrest actually thought that then he wasn't as clever as I had always thought. There was nothing about this situation that Julian would ever understand.
"I'm keeping my babies." 
"Why would you do that?" His anger was flaring up again. And who could blame him. I had told him a secret that would put him and his entire family in danger if Julian ever found out he knew.
"Because they are mine and I love them."
"Wouldn't they be a constant reminder of what happened to you?"
It hit me then. "You think I was raped. Oh Forrest it wasn't like that. It was just a one time thing-" I couldn't help it, my voice turned wistful. I always felt mushy inside when I thought about that day. 
"Who is he? We will make him do the right thing. I'll make him-"
"I don't know who he was." I admitted in a whisper. "It was in my office. He was running from something and came into hide and-"
"You ended up sleeping with him?" Forrest didn't even try to keep the shock out of his voice. "How does that even happen."
"I don't know and I've not seen him again since. But that doesn't matter. I'm keeping these babies. Somehow-"
I wasn't sure how yet but I would make it happen.
"If Julian finds out he's going to murder you with his own hands Cassie." Forrest sounded genuinely worried.
I knew that but that felt like a problem for another day. Right now I just wanted to know if they were ok and healthy. Last night they had barely checked because I was in such a rush and didn't want Julian coming in uninvited. But now I was worried after what Megan had said.
"I know but right now I am too worried about what Megan injected me with. Can you examine me?"
"Cassie-" he shook his head warily. 
I knew I was asking a lot and that doing this without prince Julians knowledge was dangerous for him and I hated asked but I had no one else.
No one else I could turn to.
"Please Forrest. There's no one else I trust."
His dark green eyes softened. "Lunch time in my office. I'll make sure you are all alright."


***


"Everything looks fine Cassie." He smiled down at the screen and then at me. "Do you want to see?"
I nodded my head enthusiastically. "Yes please."
I knew it was only yesterday that I had seen them but a lot had happened since then and seeing them wiggling around on the screen would put my mind at ease.
"They are good sizes and have healthy heart beats." He moved the wand across the jelly on my stomach giving me one last look at the fuzzy picture. "Fit and healthy just like their mum." 
He pushed the mobile scanner away and took a seat by my bedside. Taking my hand as I pushed my blouse down with the other one.
"So you don't think whatever Megan injected me with affected them in any way?"
He shook his head. "I don't think she injected you with anything. I think she put something in your water to knock you so she could take some blood and-"
My chest spasmed. "Why would she do that?" I asked. In a way this was worse because this meant she had some of my blood. Some of my babies blood as well. Our dna was now in a jealous mad woman's hands and goddess knows what she wanted to do with it.
"I don't know." Forrest looked troubled. "But I want you to be careful. She could be very dangerous. Especially if she finds out that Julian isn't the father." He levelled his eyes at me. "Are you certain he's not?"
"Not one hundred per cent but the dates all point to the man on my wedding night."
Forrest's face went pale. "You slept with someone else on your wedding night. Christs Cassie it's like you have a death wish. Julian is literally going to rip you apart if he finds out. And even if he didn't you would be banished. How do you think you are going to support yourself? How do you even think you are going to keep this secret from him?" He groaned. "You're not showing yet but there's two babies in there and you won't be able to hide it forever. He will find out. Don't you think it would be best to just tell him-"
A single tear slipped from my eyes and I wiped it away angrily. "No." I snapped and instantly softened my voice. "No not yet anyway." I begged reaching for his hand. I squeezed his fingers. "Please Forrest, I need your help to keep this quiet for just a little while longer. Until I know what I am going to do."
He looked at me and I could see the battle going on inside his head. He might not like Julia much but he was our prince and would one day rule over us. What I was asking could be seen as treason.
"You know I would do anything for you Cassie," he said finally with a sigh. "But you are in serious trouble right now. You need to leave." He glanced towards the door and frowned. Cocking his head to the side.
I half sat up. "Is someone out there?"
For a second he looked troubled. "I thought I heard something but it must have someone walking past. Anyway." He shook himself. "You need to leave. Quickly and quietly. Do you have any money saved up?"
"A little." I mumbled and then I remembered. "Actually a little more than a little. I have enough to start again somewhere else."
"Then do it. You need to run because Julian will find out and when he does he won't give you a chance to escape."
I had money because the king had given me some. It was enough to start somewhere and live off for a few years until we were settled. 
"I can't." I shook my head and the tears fell from my eyes.
"What do you mean you can't? It's the only way you and your children live through this Cassie."
"I can't leave my mum." I whined. "I can't do anything until she's out of the hospital."


###chapter 49
Megan 


Still giggling with my hand over my mouth to muffle the sound I scuttled around. I had almost laughed too loudly back there outside Forrest's office door and I was sure for a second that he had heard me but then they had carried on talking like I wasn't there listening to every word.
And I was so glad I had because it all made sense now and even though I didn't know what I was going to do with the information I had just heard I knew it was going to be useful.
Pushing my way into the locker I glanced around before I opened my locker and sat down. I couldn't do this if I had an audience. People were gossips and it would be around the hospital in no time.
I didn't mind people knowing, in fact the more people who knew the better but not until I was ready.
I had to play this very carefully now.
Very very carefully because I was sure that Cassies baby was in fact Julian's. Only they didn't know it was each other that night in the hospital. 
For a time Julian seemed to think it was me who he had been with that night. That I had been the one to save him and give him the best sex of his life. I needed to make him believe that again because if he ever found out that his wife who he despised was in fact his mate then it was all over for me and my plans for the future.
Still laughing I shook my head. They were both fools and that's why they would lose because they were so blinded by hate and loathing that they didn't see each other for what they really were. A fated pair.
I didn't even know how it was possible. They had been intimate , they lived in the same house but neither one of them had realised they had consummated their wedding that night. They thought each other cheaters.
And that suited my plan just fine because I was tired of women like Cassie getting everything handed to her on a plate. So what if her mother was sick and her father was an asshole that didn't mean she was future queen material. 
Julian needed a real queen at his side. One with a spark and a no nonsense attitude. I was strong enough to rule by his side.
I would rule by his side and I had everything I needed right in front of me.
Pulling out my phone , I shot him off a text which he almost instantly read and ignored.
I waited for the little dots to appear that would tell me he was replying but they never did.
Damn him.
Pressing the phone to my ear I took a deep breath. Trying to put emotion in my voice but he didn't even let me get out the fake sob .
"Megan." He said curtly. "What do you want? More money?"
"I'm pregnant."


***


I pushed into the cafe a block away from the hospital two hours later and instantly found Julian's hulking form sat in the corner. He looked like he was alone but I knew better than that. There would be security. His enforcers would be close by because they always were. Julian never went far in public without security. And then there was- 
My eyes scanned the shop again and there he was. Ian. Julian's Beta. Julian never went far without him either.
He was sat a table away, his back to us but clearly listening carefully. Ian frightened me in a way I couldn't explain. Not because he was big and alpha like but because he seemed to get what was going on a lot quicker than Julian did. Which was probably why Julian chose him as his Beta.
Wrapping my arms about my chest did two things. It made me look unsure of myself and nervous and pushed my ample breasts up and together.
Slowly I made my way to his table but I kept my eyes on the floor. 
"Hello." I said meekly.
"You can look at me Megan." Julian said sharply and my head snapped up. If looks could kill then I would be dead on the floor right now.
"Julian-" I began to say and his hand flew up to stop me. "Sit down Megan and let's discuss this properly."
I did what he asked quickly. Even though I hated doing as I was told now wasn't the time to push Julian. I needed him on my side.
I needed him to choose me.
"I know you don't believe me." I muttered still keeping my head down. 
"That your pregnant?" His voice was clipped. "Or that it's mine?"
I looked up sharply. What did he mean by that? Did he think I went around sleeping with numerous men at the same time? It wouldn't surprise me. It's what he thought his wife did. And she was loyal to him.
I wasn't his wife but I would be loyal to Julian as long as I needed to be.
"Both." I whispered and was shocked to hear the tears making my voice thick. I should have been an actress.
"This baby is yours Julian." Rifling through my bag I pulled out the padded brown envelope. "And I can prove it." Slowly and carefully I pushed it over the table towards him. He took it roughly. Snatching the end off.
"Be careful there's a sample in there as well." I said sharply. "A blood sample from the baby." I added as he shot me a look. "So you can test it and prove the baby is yours."
Something flickered in his bottomless eyes. There was pain in them. Pain and hope and a million different emotions that I couldn't help to read. 
"There's paperwork in it as well-" I began to say and stopped when he pulled it out. The paper work I had copied word for word from Cassies notes. The only thing I had changed was the name.
Julian stared down at it for several long seconds before he passed it over his shoulder to Ian. "Have that checked out." He ordered but there was no real bark to his tone. 
Ian disappeared without a word and Julian turned his attention back to me.
"So you are two months pregnant with my baby?"
"Yes. Yes your highness."
He sighed , his chest rising and falling heavily. "So it was you that night after all."

###chapter 50
Julian


I didn't know what to say. I didn't even know what to think. 
Cassie.
Her smiling face seemed to be burnt behind my eyes. She had looked so happy this morning as I drove her to work. Even when she was pretending to be mad at me she couldn't help but smile. It was one of the only times I had actually seen her genuinely happy.
Who knew when I would again because Megan was having my child.
Megan was the one from that night. The one who had saved me. It had to be her. The dates on the paperwork made it that night but-
But she just wasn't what i thought I would end up. I was pretty sure the wolf from that night, the she wolf who had taken me so lovingly into her body and protected me had felt different to me. She had felt beautiful even though I hadn't even seen her face.
Not that Megan wasn't beautiful because she was but she was hard. Not at all like the woman-
"I've walked her to her car." Ian slid into the seat opposite me. The one Megan had just vacated. Leaning his elbows on the table he stared at me. "Julian." He sighed.
"Don't." I shook my head. "What did you find out?" I didn't even want to ask. But I needed to know. If the papers Megan had given me were fake he would find out. That was one of his gifts. He always found stuff out. Sometimes I wondered whether that was his power because he could always see things for what they were before I could. Maybe it was because I was so hot headed.
"It all looks legit." He put the envelope in the table between us. "But I will keep digging into it. Something doesn't sit right with me about this whole situation." He lifted his eyes to meet mine. "Do you trust her?"
"Trust Megan?" Throwing back my head I laughed. "I kind of have to if she's having my baby don't you think."
Ian's eyes grew shaded. "She might be pregnant but we don't know yet that it's yours."
I glanced down at the envelope before I could stop myself. I didn't know what I wanted. My grandfather would love the fact I would have an heir but did I really want a child with Megan? MEGAN?
"Cassie-"
The corner of Ian's mouth twitched upwards. "You and her seem to be getting on better."
"She drives me insane." I muttered.
Ian's twitching lips curved up into a beaming smile. "I'm sure she does but that doesn't mean you aren't getting on better. You like her," he chuckled. "Admit it , she is growing on you."
He was right. I kind of did like her.  Not that it mattered now. My shoulders slumped in defeat. "I can't really go after her for cheating now can I?"
"Now that you have maybe got another woman pregnant?" Ian's eyes found mine and narrowed. "Probably not especially seeing as they are colleagues. I don't know what Cassie's reaction is going to be either."
"Oh I do. She is going to want a divorce." I couldn't even blame her for that. Straying from our vows was one thing. Getting another woman pregnant was another. 
"And will you give her one?"
Under the table my hand clenched into a fist. I hated the very thought of setting Cassie free. I hated her most of the time but that didn't mean I wanted to be free of her. 
"How about we find out if this kid is yours before you decide what to do." Ian stood scraping back his chair. "We need to get that blood tested."
"You know someone?"
"Of course I do." Ian winked. "Forrest is expecting us."


***


Forrest's office was a mirror to himself. Calm and organised but it didn't have a calming effect on me and as we waited for him to run tests in the lab I walked around and touched things.
I didn't know why I was so on edge.
"You're going to wear a hole in the carpet if you pace one more time." Ian chuckled from his seat by the desk. "Are you nervous?" 
Freezing in spot I shot him a dirty look. "Yes but that's not it."
"You can smell Cassie in here." Ian said matter of factly. A wide grin on his face.
I sniffed. My nostrils flaring and there it was. Her scent. I didn't know why I hadn't smelt it at first because it was definitely her. She had been here, and recently and it made me wild with rage.
Jealousy ripped through me.
"I can never understand why you don't smell her the way I do." Ian murmured. "It's like she's hidden from you. I think if you could-"
He didn't get to finish the sentence as Forrest walked back through the door. His usually open and friendly face was troubled.
"The sample." He took a seat behind his desk. "Who does it belong to." He clutched it in his hand like he was afraid to let it go.  That was strange but the look on his face was stranger. He genuinely looked scared but not for himself.  Did Forrest have a relationship with megan as well as my wife?
"Megan." Ian answered when I didn't.
"Megan's?" Forrest's head shot up. "Well." His Adam's apple bobbed as he swallowed hard. "Then I guess congratulations are in order again, your highness."
"Again?" My eyebrows shot up into my hair line. "What do you mean again?"
"A slip of the tongue your highness." Forrest back peddled fast. His face flushed. 
"So the baby is definitely his?" Ian asked.
"Yes there's no doubt."
I let the news hit me and flow through my body and I didn't feel a thing. My family would want me to keep it. An heir was important but - but.
Glancing at my watch I frowned. It was well passed six and I had promised Cassie I would take her to dinner.
"Julian where are you going?" Ian called out after me.
"I need to get Cassie from work. I'm taking my wife to dinner." I mumbled as I hurried away. I was rushing to take my wife to dinner even though I had impregnated another woman.
What the hell even was my life?



###chapter 51
Cassie

Standing at the hospital entrance I wrapped my arms around myself. Ducking my head so the heavy rain didn't hit me in the face. But even with my face down and my hair covering me I already knew that I looked like a drowned rat after a minute.  And I knew Julian would notice and have something to say about it because he always did. 
Or, a small voice seemed to whisper in my head. Maybe he won't say anything. Maybe he will apologise for being late.
And he was late. Lifting my wrist I squinted through the rain to my watch. It was well past six o'clock now and that was the time he had said. 
Not that I was surprised he was late. He probably wasn't coming at all. 
Julian's mood were like the weather , ever changeable. So no doubt he had decided he didn't like me again. 
So really the only choice I had was what to do now. I could go back into the hospital, dry off in my office and wait for someone to pick me up or I could take myself out for dinner and call an Uber to take me home. And really there was no options really. I wasn't going to wait around for him. Not now and not ever.
Plus I was starving. Today had been rough and I had barely stopped. I needed to eat and so did the babies I was growing in my belly. Everyone kept telling me that I had to look after myself better and I needed to do better at it.
Wrapping my arms around my midriff I stepped onto the pavement and headed towards downtown where I knew some of my favourite places to eat were. It was a long walk but not impossible and the promise of food at the end of it would be well worth it.
Keeping my head down and my arms around myself I melted into the crowd of people rushing home from work. And it was so easy to blend in. In this crowd I was just another woman. I wasn't a wolf shifter who just so happened to be in a loveless marriage to the prince who would one day rule. I liked the fact that I could just be a normal woman , I missed feeling like that.
I kept walking and with every step my stomach rumbled. 
Groaning I paused and a man who wasn't looking where he was going bumped straight into my shoulder. 
"Watch where you are going." He turned back to me angrily. "Bitch."
Shocked at the animosity in his voice I pulled my lips back from my teeth in a low growl. But it wasn't the growl that stopped him in his tracks it was my eyes. I knew they had shifted and my wolf was looking out of my human face. Most humans didn't know people like me existed and we liked it that way but there were times like these that they needed to be reminded.
"You walked into me." I said softly but somehow my voice carried.
His eyes widened even more and his mouth opened and closed like a fish that had been dragged up onto land. "S- sorry miss." He muttered as he rushed away. 
Shaking my head I began to walk again and then thought twice of it. I was cranky and hungry and my control had slipped in a blink of an eye. 
Hangry- that was the word the humans used. I was hangry and it made keeping my human side in control. 
I needed to eat. 
Looking around to get my bearings I smiled to myself. I knew where I was and I knew there was a little burger place not far from here. Grinning because I could already taste the juicy meat against my tongue I headed down an alleyway and then onto a much quieter street.
Picking up my pace i barely noticed the delivery truck that pulled up ahead. There were several of them parked at the curb. 
"Evening-" I nodded my head politely to the men unloading from the back because now I could almost smell the food I was about to eat. I was feeling so much better. 
The hair on the back of my neck shot up and some primal instinct told me that something was wrong. It wasn't unheard of that people were unfriendly here in the city but they usually at least acknowledged a greeting plus the way I could feel their eyes on me.
My feet slowed and I half turned when-
Someone grabbed me around the waist. A muscled arm that felt like a metal band around my stomach. My feet left the ground and I let out a scream that was cut off as a hand clamped over my mouth and cut it off.
Kicking my legs I struggled but I couldn't get out of the grip as I was tossed bodily into the back of the truck. I landed heavily, my head cracking off the metal truck bed and for a second I could do nothing but just lay there stunned.
"What-"  I didn't get a chance to finish ask my question because the doors were slammed and I was plunged into darkness. 
Did I really have to ask what was going on though?
It was pretty obvious I had just been kidnapped.


***


It wasn't the darkness that bothered me. I wasn't afraid of the dark. It was the cold silence. Yes I could hear the rumble of the engine but in no way was it a soothing purr like Julian's sports car had been. This was the roar of a monster and I was in its stomach. Eaten alive.
Or at least that's how it felt. 
That I was in the bowels of the beast. But I even knew that wasn't true. I had been kidnapped so that meant that I was about to meat the real monster. The one who'd had me taken from the street.
It was almost comical and if I hadn't of been in a life or death situation then I would have laughed because so much for being just a regular girl walking to dinner in the rain. Regular women didn't let taken. 
Well they did but I knew deep down that this wasn't that. This was personal. Probably something to do with who I was married to. There were always assasiantion attempts on the royal family. It was one of the reasons they didn't go anywhere without their enforcer. I didn't have security though. Most likely Julian didn't care enough about my safety to assign me any. 
If whoever had taken me meant to ransom me back to my husband they were going to be in for a massive disappointment because Julian didn't care one bit about me and he never had.
Still the silence was unnerving and in my weirdly heightened state I began to laugh uncontrollably. Even that manically sound was better than the noise of the engine and my own thoughts.
It gave me something to concentrate on. 
I laughed so hard and so long that for a second I forgot where I was.
It wasn't until someone slammed their fist on the heavy mental door that I realised that we had stopped. 
My laughter died and this time it really was silent. And the silence was terrifying. 
Climbing up to my knees because I couldn't stand in the cramped confines of the truck bed I waited for the doors to open and I got to see my captors for the first time.
I was going to laugh in their face. In fact I couldn't wait to see the looks on their faces when I told them that Julian didn't care about me and would not pay a penny for me to be returned safely and they had wasted their time.
"Turn around." A gruff voice barked out from the other side of the closed door.
"Never going to happen." I retorted with more strength in my voice then I felt. At least my voice didn't shake. I wouldn't give them any of the fear that I was feeling! I wouldn't give them the satisfaction.
"You can either leave this truck on your own two feet or we will knock you out and drag you to the boss unconscious." Dark laughter filled the air. "I wouldn't want to be around that monster asleep." He laughed again and I shuffled back a step. I didn't know what he meant by that but I didn't like the sound of it one bit.
I had a sneaky suspicion that being knocked out now would end very very badly for me. I couldn't fight back in that state. I couldn't fight back if I was tied up either a small voice seemed to say and I quickly hushed it.
At least awake I could take stock of my surroundings. I could try and make a plan to escape.
"Fine." I sighed and this time my voice did break. 
"Back to  the door and your hands behind your back. There's a gun on you so if you try anything then you will be dead before you even try."
"I'm not going to try anything." Shuffling I did what was asked because what other choice did I have?
The door opened quickly and the lorry itself dropped down an inch as someone jumped inside. Metal cuffs were locked over my wrist. Something rough was plunged over my face but not before I had caught a glimpse behind me. Some kind of alleyway and a neon pink sign for some dingy back street hotel was all I could make out before I was plunged into darkness again.
I was yanked out by the arms. And my shoulders screamed in protest. Lashing out with my feet I tried to find some kind of grip to push myself along so they didn't pop my arms out of the sockets but it was useless.
"Stop it." I cried out in agony. "I'm not fighting." 
"Well." A new smooth voice chuckled darkly and my blood ran cold. "That's not like you Cassie. That's not like you at all."
I froze as fear paralyzed me because I knew that voice and I knew I was in deep deep trouble now.




###chapter 52
Julian 



Damn her to hell and then back again. Every time I tried to do something nice she always threw it back in my face and I was fed up with it.
Stupidly I had thought she was going to make an effort this morning when I had driven her to work and yet here I was. Waiting outside work in the car as I watched person after person leave the hospital and not one of them was her.
It was almost like she purposely pissed me off just to get a rise out of me and boy was she going to get a rise tonight because I had been here for hours. 
Almost bloody three of them to be exact. And at first I had been fine to wait for her  because I had been late myself. Not majorly so but enough for her to notice and that's what the flowers languishing on the passenger seat was for. My way of an apology. But there was a difference between a late and fucking three hours late.
I wasn't known as a patient man and the little patience I had had not just waned thin it had completely disappeared. 
Muttering some choice swear words that I wouldn't even utter out loud I pressed the button that connected my phone to my Bluetooth and rang Ian.
He answered before it had even finished ringing once. But then I knew he would. Just like I knew he was waiting in a dark suv somewhere close by. Watching me but never hovering unless I needed him to. 
"Julian." 
"Find out where the fuck she is." I snapped.
There was a silence but it wasn't a stunned one. Ian knew me better than anyone else and he knew how short my patience was especially when it came to Cassie.
"Julian." He said and I knew from his tone that he was trying to calm me down before I did something stupid like rush in there and make a scene and honestly it was tempting. No doubt I would find her with some man. Being friendly, flirting a little. Giving out soft little touches that meant nothing to her but everything to the man she was touching.
I would rip them all apart for being close to her and then I would make her pay.
"She's probably just been held up. Cassie doesn't exactly have a regular nine to five job."
I knew that but it didn't matter to me. Even if she had been working she had known I would be out here waiting and she should have sent word. It was the polite thing to do.
Not that being polite or proper protocol mattered to my damn wife. All that mattered to her was pissing me off. And damn she was good at it.
"Just get in there and find out where she is. Drag her ass out here by the hair if she's with another man because I've had enough-"
"That's a little hypocritical Julian." Ian said quietly and I roared down the phone. I knew I was being a hypocrite but I just didn't care.
"Fine." He said tiredly. "I'll be right back."
I didn't bother to tell him thanks because I didn't owe him any thanks. He was just doing his job and that was it.  Staring straight ahead I watched as he rushed passed , a tall figure dressed in black that shot through the heavy grey rain. 
All this waiting was killing me. First waiting for my wife and now waiting for my beta was driving me crazy. Reaching out I gripped the thick stems of the bright flowers I had bought her and in a rage smashed them against the seat.
Soft petals flew in all directions like the sweetest smelling confetti but I still didn't stop. Finally when not one bud was left on its stem I let the now limp bouquet fall onto the floor.
Staring at them I frowned and it as like looking at the ruins of my own relationship with my wife because that was ruined as well.
"Damn it. And damn you Cassie." Blowing out a breath I let my head fall into my hands. "And most of all damn me."
Because I could blame everyone else but in reality I was the one to blame for almost everything that had happened recently. I was the one who messed up and now I could see no way out of it. 
I had never wanted Cassie as a wife. A woman I had never met before she had moved into my life. I didn't know anything about her and I hadn't tried to- 
There was a sharp rap of knuckles on the window and I jumped up. 
"What?" Pressing a button the window slid down and Ian's face came more into focus. "Where is she?"
He swallowed hard. And that was always Ian's biggest tell. He was nervous. Nervous and worried.
"She's not here Julian." His voice was strangled. "She's not been seen for hours. No one has any idea where she is. I'm having the cctv pulled up to go over and I have some of the others checking local businesses but-"
I was out of the car in a second. Leaving the door open I ran towards the hospital entrance with a sinking feeling in my gut.
Because now I was worried too.


***


I watched the screen with my eyes squinting. Although I didn't need to squint at all. The video was really clear. Technology had come a long way and I could clearly see my wife as she stood on the pavement with her head down against the torrential rain.
She waited for a long time.
"So she was there for almost an hour." Ian's voice spoke from behind my shoulder. "Can we track her from here?"
I bristled. Ok so I had been more than a little late but did he really have to keep bringing it up like all of this was my fault. Knowing Cassie she had just taken herself off somewhere to punish me. It sounded like something she would do.
"Yeah, there's a few but these two are the most -" a heavily muscled arm reached around me. Usually I wouldn't have allowed such insolence but the reprimand died on my lips as I watched a man smash into Cassie's shoulder. She didn't go down but if she was human she would have. There was some kind of heated exchange between them.
"Does it have any sound?" I wanted to know what was being said badly. 
"No." Ian said curtly. "But you don't need sound to see she scared the shit out of him." He gave a mirthless chuckle.
I turned my eyes back to the screen and there it was the terror in the humans eyes. Whatever she had said or did had him scuttling away like a beaten puppy.
I beamed with pride. "That's my girl." 
"It's what happens next that has me worried." Another hand quickly typed out commands on the keyboard and my elation evaporated. 
"Where is she going?" I asked again leaning forward as she appeared in the entrance of an alleyway and headed across a deserted street.
"No idea." Ian admitted from behind my shoulder. "But she clearly knows where she's going."
I frowned. "Does she? How do you know that?"
He shook his head. "The way she is walking. It's purposeful. She is a woman with a plan. Now-"
Everyone froze.
Every single one of us because it was like she disappeared. One second she was walking along and then the next boom gone.
She didn't reappear from behind the lorry she was walking alongside.
"How long before the truck leaves?" I asked with a sinking heart. I already knew it would be soon just like I already knew she was in the back of it.
Someone had taken her. Kidnapped my wife because I had been sloppy with her security and left her to wander around a city on her own knowing my enemies would target her.
"Two and half minutes." Ian's voice was quiet. But it was filled with anger. Barely contained anger at that. He had come to the same conclusion as I did.
On the screen a man appeared and jumped in the drivers seat. 
Reaching forward I paused the video. Staring at the screen I memorised his face. He would die soon and I would be the one to end his miserable life. He was nothing but a dead man walking. Because no one took what was mine.
"What do you want us to do?"
Not looking away from the screen I pushed myself upwards. And the anger in me seemed to swell my muscles until I filled the small office. Power flowed through me until my wolf felt like it was going to rip itself from my skin and murder the whole world.
"I want you to find my damn wife."



###chapter 53
Cassie


The hood which I suspected was some kind of sack because it smelt like potatoes was pulled off my head. Quickly I looked around trying to get my bearings and the sight I was greeted with was a sorry one.
Badly stained weirdly patterned carpet under my feet. The soles of my shoes already sticking to it and grimy green wallpapered walls.
Two queen sized beds were in the middle of the room and- I didn't get to see anything else because a man stepped in front of me blocking my view. My eyes darted away. It was much safer looking at the world most depressing hotel room then looking at him directly.
"Can't even look at me, hey little princess?" Rough fingers gripped my chin and tilted it upright. They weren't rough because of a hard days work like a man's though they were sand paper rough like his skin was cracking.
"I'm not a damn princess." Angrily I tore my face away from his grasp. "And I'm not afraid of you."
"No." Bill smiled and it was so predatory that my skin crawled. He didn't look like a man or even a wolf. He looked like a dead eyed shark. Every atom of my being wanted to run away screaming. Because this time I was going to be devoured and I knew it. 
"You're married to a prince." His grin grew until it seemed his entire face was just teeth. Grotesque and spooky. "And that makes you a princess, doesn't it?"
I was terrified but I didn't want to show him that. There was some small part of me that was screaming at me to run or to beg or just do something to get away but I pushed that part down. I could tell that Bill got off on my fear, he enjoyed it and it turned him on. So I wasn't going to give him the satisfaction of seeing how petrified I really was.
"If this is about my husband then you are sadly misinformed. He won't come for me, if your plan is some kind of assassination attempt." My voice stayed even and even a little strong.
Go me.
"And if you are looking for money then he won't pay anything for my safe return. Julian doesn't care for me at all. He will probably thank you for taking me off his hands." I tried to joke with a small forced smile.
"It's not." Bill's smile slipped. And my heart sank. "I don't need Julian's money." He gave a small nod of his head and the enforcers behind me moved towards me in a rush. My hands which were still shackled behind my back were grabbed roughly. I didn't put up much of a fight at first not until i saw where they were dragging me and then i dropped my legs and twisted wildly.
They were pulling me towards the bed and there were already ropes there. Ropes for my arms and for my ankles which would keep me spread eagled on that disgusting mattress.
The realisation of what Bill planned for me made me want to vomit but I kept on fighting. It wasn't even surprising because he had tried this before.
But it didn't matter how much I fought I was no match for the two huge men who forced me down on to my back and secured my arms with the rough rope.
When the attempted to spread my legs and secure them as well I kicked out with all my might. Smashing one of them straight in the nose. It exploded with blood. And he reeled back howling in pain.
"Bitch." He took a threatening step forward.
I smiled up at him like a feral animal. "I hope that fucking hurt you rapist."
He smiled and the blood from his nose had dripped down and coated his teeth. "Oh you're going to wish it was me in your body. You will wish it was me." The look on his face made my blood run cold. "My bones will heal but you-"
"Enough Carlo." Bill snapped and the giant of a man instantly stepped back with his eyes glued to the floor. "You are scaring our guests. Both of you can leave now."
They followed his command instantly.
"Alone at last, beautiful Cassie." Bill moved around the bed. His eyes studied me like he was eyeing up a horse to buy or maybe it was a cow that he wanted to butcher and eat. I swallowed down my fear. My eyes followed his every movement. If he attacked I wanted to be ready.
"But you are wrong, you know?"
"About?" My eyes widened as he began to unbutton his shirt slowly. It was almost like he wanted to give me a show. Or maybe he just wanted to draw out the fear that I could feel bubbling up in my stomach. It would spill over soon and I would whimper with it.
"What your husband feels for you." The shirt slid off his shoulders to reveal a body that once upon a time must have been great but was not podgy with age. "He pretends he hates you but-" a small chuckle. And it froze the blood in my veins. "Everyone sees how he looks at you. How he covets you. Julian can deny it all he wants but he cares for you. But that doesn't matter."
"It doesn't?" If this wasn't about.
"No it won't change what happens here Cassie." Bill hungrily eyed my breasts.
"I am Prince Julian's wife."
"Oh I know." Bill grinned like a crazy person. 
"He will kill you if you touch me. He will rip you apart." I snarled because I didn't like the way he was looking at me but I knew I would like what came next even less. The longer I could keep him talking the better. I had to believe Julian had realised I was missing by now and was looking for me. It was a feeble hope but I had to hold on to it. 
"He will never find you." Stepping closer to the bed Bill learnt over me. His hands sliding down my cheek. "I am taking you home with me. To my pack and Julian will never know what happened to you. You will be our healer and-" His fingers rubbed against my lips. Parting them so he could shove his fingers inside as far as they would go. I gagged and his eyes sparkled with desire. "Mine. You will share my bed and ease my desires."
"I am not a prostitute." I snapped my teeth and he only just removed his fingers in time. "And I will never be your mate."
His slap stung but didn't really hurt. "I love your fire Cassie. The fact that you fight back is what made me obsessed with you. And I'll enjoy breaking you of this fiery spirit very much." Suddenly he gripped my chin in a punishing hold.  "But I never said you would share my bed as an equal. You won't be my mate or even a prostitute. You will be my own personal slave." He yanked my mouth down so my mouth was wide open. "You will take care of my every need. My little sex slave." His fingers hooked into my mouth. "I am looking forward to taking this mouth and teaching it to be quiet."
"I'll fight you." I growled out the moment his fingers left my mouth and moved to the front of my dress. "I won't let you-"
"Fight away princess. I like it when they fight."
I instantly became still. If he wanted me to fight then I would do the opposite. I wouldn't give him the satisfaction. It would just turn him on more.
"Shift." 
At first I didn't know who had spoken and it took me a few seconds to realise that the voice was Julians. But he wasn't in the room. This was all in my head. My imagination was taking on my husband's persona. 
"Shift and get to the window." Julian's hissing whisper said again and it was like I was hearing it in my ear.  "Throw yourself out. Your wolf can take the fall. Just don't let him touch you like this."
"You have such a beautiful body Cassie. All curves in the right places, all firm unmarked skin. I'm looking forward to -"
I didn't let him finish. 
My shift was violent and it hurt but the ropes gave way and shred straight away. I leapt away , I didn't look at anything but the small window on the far wall. It was tiny but it didn't matter.
If I could get to it I could launch myself at it, break the glass and make my escape. 
A foot away my legs gave way and my vision swirled around me. It felt like the room was spinning and I couldn't stop it.
I couldn't get off.
Stunned and disoriented I fell to the floor in my human form. Curling up on myself.
"Move Cassie." Julian's voice said more urgently. He was sounding more and more like me now.  "Fight against it."
"I can't." I whispered but my lips didn't even move and only a garbled cry came out of my mouth. 
I couldn't move at all. I was paralysed and completely helpless.


###chapter 54
Cassie


I didn't pass out but I couldn't move. Not even an inch. All I could do was lay there and try to beat down the rising panic.
This was bad. Really really bad. How was I meant to fight back and escape if I couldn't even move my eyelids to blink?
"I do love it when they run." Scooping me up, Bill threw me into the bed where I bounced and landed with my arms and legs twisted and sprawled on either side of my body.  "But no one runs from me." The mattress dipped down as he knelt to the side of me. "It's my alpha power you see. The ability to stun people. No one is immune to it. Not you. Not even your husband." Reaching out he ran his hands down over my now naked breasts. "But don't worry." His hands closed around one breast and he squeezed cruelly until it felt like he was going to rip it from my body. "You will be able to feel everything I do to you. Every delicious." Bill groaned. Laying down by my side he brought his rough lips to my jaw and began to kiss all over my throat and lips. It was like he was wanting me to kiss him back. Or that he thought his mouth on mine somehow made what he was doing to my body better. Maybe in his head it did but it just made me want to be sick.
You can get through this Cassie. I told myself because even though my body wasn't working my brain was. And it was whirling a million miles an hour. 
"Have you ever been forced to cum." He hooked one of my knees over his thighs which opened me up to him. I wanted to close my legs and cover myself with everything I had but I couldn't.
The tip of one of my fingers twitched. My senses were coming back but would they come back soon enough for me to try and escape again or would it be too late by them.
"Have you ever had your body betray you like that?" His hand slid from my tits down my stomach and between my thighs. My body tensed. "You will Cassie. I'll make you-"
To my side my fingers curled into my palm. He saw the movement instantly. "Oh you are a strong one aren't you but you won't regain full power in time." Moving quickly he secured my wrists back to the bed with the remnants of the rope that I had thought I had shreded.  This time he tied them tight, so the rough hessian cut into my skin.
I cried out hoarsely.
"Oh you have your voice back as well." He went back to playing by my side. His hand between my thighs again and this time he was touching me. And I hated it.
My body was screaming to get away but it was more than what ever he had done to me that kept me frozen to the spot. It was my own fear and I hated that just as much as I hated what he was doing to my body.
"That's good because your cries will be like music to my ears." 
His fingers moved over me. Parting me and spreading me open. Bill swiped a finger between my folds. 
"Has your husband been inside this sweet cunt of yours?" His words were crude and disgusting they made me feel sick. "Has he stretched you out or are the rumours true? Is his dick like his ability to rule and sadly lacking?" He probed at my entrance, slipping the tip of his finger inside me. "I'll enjoy your pussy Cassie. I can already feel how tight you are."
And dry. I wanted to scream. I was bone yard dry. My privates were literally shrivelling up and dying from being touched by him.
"Julian is-"
I trailed off as keeping eye contact he removed his hand and spat on his fingers. Coating my pussy with his saliva. He rolled on top of me. His weight crushing me down and then his mouth was on my breasts as he fumbled between our bodies.
He bit around my nipple and I cried out in pain as again he sank his teeth into the delicate flesh of my breasts. He slobbered and kissed every inch of skin that he could get to.
I retreated into myself. It was the only thing I could do to keep my sanity. I had to lock myself away. Bill would have my body. He could do whatever he wanted to it but he wouldn't break me. 
"I'm going to make this tight little cunt drip for me." I could feel pushing at my entrance with his cock and retreated further. 
He would not break me.
I wouldn't allow it. 
I would get through this just like I got through every bad thing in my life and come back stronger than ever.
He cursed as my body didn't give in to him. Pushing harder. I could feel myself start to tear.
"Fight him Cassie." My imagination Julian hissed.
And I wanted to scream that I couldn't. I could feel more and more of my body but I couldn't really move. Not enough to escape or fight back anyway.
"Use your brain Cassie. You're so much more clever than he is. Fight back with your brain. You can do this. Don't give up."
I knew it was imagination but Julian's voice helped me.
"You're going to hurt both of us if you carry on trying like that." I said so quietly that I could barely hear my voice.
"Maybe I want to hurt you." He spat on my tits, saliva dribbled from his lips to land on me.  "I want to hear you cry when a real alpha fills you up for the first time."
I wanted to be sick but I fought back the urge to gag.
"But do you want to hurt yourself?" I managed to force the words out of my lips. "There's something in my bag."
Lifting himself up he stared down at my face he looked confused. "You have some lube in your bag."
"I have some." I glanced away. Biting my lip. "Something better."
"Which is."
I mumbled our a name and his eyes widened even more. "I don't know what that is."
"It helps me get in the mood for when Julian wants- " slowly I turned my eyes back to him.  "But I get a little wild so he has to take the -" I giggled. And it was exactly the right thing to do because Bill began to laugh right along with me.
"He can't keep up with you, hey?"
"Well." I chewed my lip and tried to look submissive.
"So he needs to take pills to fuck you. I don't need pills though Cassie." He pinched my nipple. And I cried out before I could help myself.
"Ok." Ignoring the pain I arched my back.
"It's almost like you want me to fuck you." Jumping up bill rushed to grab my bag which had been thrown into the corner. He began to rummage through it. His eyebrows knitted together. "Or is this your attempt to try and catch me off guard." He brought out two bottles. "Which one is it?" He shook them. "You can't fight me and win little girl"
"Oh I don't want you to touch me, believe me." I hissed. "But I know it's going to happen so -" shrugging I nodded  to the bag in my hands. "Bring it over here. I have a lot of random things in there."
There was a second where I thought he wasn't going to do it and then he brought it to me and I let out a shaky breath.
"I'm going to need at least one hand free otherwise I can't look through it properly." I held my breath. Bill looked at me coldly and I thought I had pushed my luck too far but then he moved and untied one wrist. 
Rolling my wrist I thanked the goddess that I was gaining my strength back. Digging into the bag I pulled out two white containers. Shaking a small pill from one into my palm. I met Bills eyes,  "Are you sure you want me to take this. I get a little. Uncontrollable." 
"I don't know what's more or a turn on taking you by force or having you willingly?" He nodded his head. "Take it. I need to-" he groaned as the pill disappeared between my lips. "How wild?"
I didn't answer him. "I-"
"Give me one." He ordered instantly, "maybe I'll take a video of how wild we get together and send it to the Prince."
I shook another one from the bottle but he was so blind with need to notice it wasn't the same bottle.
All the bottles in my bag were prescriptions, with their proper medical names. 
The one I had taken was nothing more than a prenatal vitamin but the one he just swallowed?
Well that was something new that I had picked up after he had first attacked me at the hospital.  I didn't know back then what I would need it for but I had known I needed it.
"I don't feel anything." He fell back on top of me. Fingers and hands pawing at my body. 
"You will soon." I promised and he would. Soon he would be as powerless as I had just been. 
It had almost been too easy. I had just told him what he wanted to hear and offered to make it easier for him to rape me and he had taken the bait.
"Wait, whaaa?" Bills voice was slurred. His eyes widened and he tried to push himself off of me. His arms gave out and he fell on top of me making it hard to breath.
"Not nice is it, asshole?." I said between gritted teeth. Twisting my body I got my legs under him and kneed him in the gut sending him sprawling off the bed and onto the floor with a guttural cry. "What have you given me?"
"One of the most powerful tranquillisers in the world." My hands were shaking as I began to tug at the knots of the other hand. I had to use my teeth on the last bit as it was so tight.
Falling off the bed I crawled towards him in arms and legs I could barely feel let alone use.
"Made for shifters. How does it feel-" I slammed my hand into his face sloppily because that's all I could manage. "Knowing you are completely at my mercy. And that I can hurt you." I scraped my nails down his face. Raking skin away and leaving bloody marks.
Bill flopped back completely unconscious but I didn't stop. I kept hitting him and scratching him with everything I had.
I beat on him until my body sagged and any strength I had evaporated. Dragging myself to my bag I pulled out my phone and tried to phone Forrest. 
Forrest was my friend. He would know what to do."
"Please pick up. Please." I sobbed. 
The hotel room door crashed open. Slamming against the wall and rebounding with a boom.
And I screamed.

###chapter 55

Julian 


Bill had taken her and it didn't take a genius to work out why. He had already tried to attack her more than once. I didn't know whether he was obsessed with her because of me or it 
Either way it didn't matter. Bill had to die. He was a threat to my people and to my wife and he had proven that he couldn't be trusted to keep his word.
"It's the hotel up ahead." Ian pulled me back into the shadows with a hiss. "He has men out front."
I didn't care if he had an army. I eyed the grotty brick of the hotel and frowned. Cassie was in there. So close and soon she would be safe.
 The small movement calmed my wolf but only for a second before the realisation of what could be happening to my wife hit me. Yes, Cassie was in there but what was happening to her? What awful terrible things were happening in a hotel room just ahead of me while we stood here and just watched?
Was she crying out in pain?
Was she crying for me?
The thought made my lips pull back from my teeth in a silent growl and my hands clenched into fists. 
"Ok what's the pla-" Ian began to say and fell silent as I pushed my way into the street. My feet pounded the wet pavement. First two feet and then four as my wolf tore his way out of my body with a snarl.
"Ok the plan is attack wildly ,got it." I heard Ian rumbled behind me and I knew he was rolling his eyes but I also knew he would quickly be right behind me. 
Ian was my right hand man and second in charge for a reason and one of those reasons was that he always have my back.
The man smoking by the door looked up in shock. Blinking rain water from his eyes , his lips began to open to let out a shout but I got to him first. Cutting off the cry before it had even formed. I ripped into his throat and bottom half of his face with my massive teeth and he fell with a gurgle at me feet. The door he had been leaning on opened and another man appeared.
He took in the sight that greeted him. His dead comrade the other guards being quickly dispatched by Ian and my men and tried to slam the door on us.
I caught it with my paw and tore it away from him. I knew this one's face. 
I remembered him from the video. 
He had been the one who grabbed my wife from the street. At the very least he had been the get away driver.
I shifted back, lashing out with my human hand I caught him around the throat and slammed him against the wall. 
His eyes bulged. "What?" His voice was garbled. Panic and the inability to breath making his voice almost unintelligible.
"Do you know who I am?"
He didn't answer me.
Lifting him away from the wall I slammed him back and heard the sound of his head make contact with a wet crunch. "Do you know who I am?" I asked again.
This time he nodded , his mouth opening and closing like a fish.
"Then you know why I am here." Stepping in close I brought my face close to his and watched as fear widened his eyes and made his face slack. "Where is she?" My fingers squeezed around his windpipe. He couldn't talk because I was strangling the life out of him but I didn't care.
Again and again I smashed the back of his head against the wall. And the sound of his skull crunching was like music to my ears.
"Please." He managed to beg.
"Please. Did my wife beg?"
He shook his head. 
A wave of pride flowed through me. Cassie was strong she wouldn't have begged. The pride was short lived as from above me there was a grunt.
"What room-"
Another sound and suddenly it didn't matter. I could smell her. Above the stench of rotting trash and despair I could smell my wife and she was petrified. Terrified and angry and - something was wrong. Those grunts sounded almost -wet.
Was he? I swallowed hard. Was he raping her.
I slammed the man back into the wall hard. And this time with enough force that his neck snapped and was heading into the dim narrow corridor of the pay per hour shitty motel. 
"Julian wait." Ian ran behind me. "It might be a trap."
I didn't care if it was a trap. 
Taking the stairs two at a time I followed my nose. 
All of the smells and noises seemed to be coming from behind one particular door on the second floor. There was no noise behind any of the others.
"Ea-" Ian began to say grabbing my arm
The sound of Cassie crying out pushed me forward. I crashed into the locked door which burst from its hinges and slammed backwards. I rushed forward with an animal growl falling from my very human lips and skidded to a stop at the scene that was playing out in front of me.
There were two bodies on the floor and both of them were bloody. But only one of them was moving and that was Cassie.
She was naked, and splattered with blood. And she was screaming. But those screams cut off when she saw me. Her eyes widened as she finally realised it was me standing in the doorway panting.
"Julian." She stumbled up to her knees, scrambling on all fours for a second like her legs weren't working properly and came towards me.
I rushed to meet her.  Catching her before her legs gave out again and wrapping her in my arms. She clung to me. Hiding her face into my chest. Her bloody fingers clutched at my shirt which was also covered in blood. Not that she seemed to care, she just hung there and sobbed.
And it was that sound more than the sight of her naked and bloody that shattered my heart. 
I held her a little tighter. Letting my chin fall onto the top of her head. She smelt like fear and desperation and blood but under it she was still there.
"Hey." I smoothed my hand down her slender trembling back. "It's ok. It's ok. You're safe." A small squeeze and she just sobbed even louder. "I've got you Cassie. I've got you."
Blearily, she lifted her face to me. "You came for me?"
I didn't know whether to be offended by the surprise in her voice or not but I didn't get the chance to say anything as on the floor Bill groaned and attempted to roll over. Ian stepped forward, pressing his foot into the man's head and pinning him to the floor.
Shrugging off my jacket I slipped it over Cassie's shoulder and closed it over her nakedness. Bill was waking up and he had seen enough of my wife's body as it was. 
What else had he done to her body? They were both covered in blood. I shook the thought away.
"Alpha?" Ian drew my attention back to him.
Pulling Cassie into my side I stepped toward to look down at the man who would soon have the name Ian carved on his tombstone. 
"What happened to him?" I gazed down at the bloody face. It looked like someone had taken a cheese grater to his face and then mashed it with a meat tenderiser.
"I did." Still shaking Cassie drew herself up to her full height.
"I knew it." Ian muttered. "What a woman."
Beaming with pride I glanced down at her. She really was a fascinating woman. Amazing even and stronger than any other woman I had ever known.
"How did you knock him out? You're such a little thing." Ian joked and under his boot Bill groaned.
"I drugged him."
"Then beat him." Ian shook his head in wonder. "Cassie you really are a bad ass. I am so glad you are ok."
I couldn't stop looking at her. "Are you ok?" I asked suddenly.
She nodded. "What are you going to do to him?"
I didn't believe her. She was strong and capable but I could tell by the wild cornered animal look in her eyes that she was holding on by a thread.
"He can't be allowed to live. Not now." I stuttered. "Not after touching you. Of taking you."
"I didn't think you would come." She bit her lip hard probably to stop herself from sobbing.
"Of course I came. You are my wife." Bending down I kissed the top of her head. "This next part isn't going to be pretty."I whispered against her skin. "But you can stay and make sure the job is done. I promise you he will never hurt you again."
She pulled away slightly. Her eyes moving from my face to the swollen bloody face of the man who had hurt her. He looked terrified, she looked resigned to what I needed to do next.
I knew she would want revenge on him. I could see it in her eyes but she was also a doctor. She healed people.
Finally she shook her head.
"Ian can you call a car and stay with her?"
"Already done alpha." Gently as he could he took her from my arms. Holding her arms as he lead her shakily away and out of the door.
I listened to their footsteps going down the stair and then stepped forward and I let the rage take over. I let it overcome me completely. I wanted to shield Cassie from this part but I knew she could hear what I was doing to the man who had dared to touch her.
And I wasn't sure I cared.



###chapter 56

Cassie


The sounds of wet flesh and cries of agony filled my ears before we were even down the stairs. But it was the rage in Julian's cries that was deafening. He was so angry. Angrier than I had ever seen anyone before.
"Why is he so mad?"
Ian paused for a second. Staring at me like I was simple. "Why do you think Cassie." He said softly. "Hey what's wrong?" He tightened his grip on me as I swayed where I stood. The world around me felt weird , like I wasn't a part of it anymore. Everything felt disjointed.
Everything but the pain which ripped through my lower abdomen. Doubling over I gasped clutching at myself.
My knees buckled and my legs gave way. Ian caught me easily. Lifting me into the waiting back seat of the car.
"Are you hurt?" Leaning inside he looked me over. "You said you weren't but there's so much blood."
I shook my head , my eyes watering with the pain. "No." I managed to croak out. "It's not my blood. I'm fine." I lied because something was definitely not fine. My stomach felt like it was being squeezed in a vice.
Panic filled me and made a fresh sob rip its way from my lips. I curled my legs up into my chin and wrapped my arms around myself. Rocking slightly. 
Was I having a miscarriage? Was that what this was?
"I'm fine." I screwed my eyes shut. If I was having a miscarriage then I had to deal with it on my own. No one could know. 
At the moment Julian was being sweet and caring and I needed that right now. If he found out I was pregnant then all of that would change and I didn't want to be alone.
I really really didn't want to be alone.
Almost like magic Julian appeared. Sliding naked into the car. The instant the door slammed shut behind him he pulled me into his arms. Physically pulling me on to his lap so he could cradle me in his arms as the car pulled away.
"What-" I began to say and he pressed my cheek into his chest. Holding me to him. I could feel the pounding of his heart against my skin. It was soothing. Just like the arms he held tightly around me were soothing. I nuzzled in closer and the pain in my tummy eased. 
"You never have to worry about him hurting you again Cassie." He murmured. His voice a gentle whisper. "It's over."
"You killed him." It wasn't a question, it was a statement. I already knew he had. The sounds that had followed me from that room had been so wet, so full of rage and hatred that death was the only way it would have ended. 
"I know this situation between us is contractual Cassie." Julian sighed heavily. "But you are still my wife and that means no man gets to touch you,"
We fell into silence. I knew his words were meant to put me at ease but they hurt my heart so much.
A contract was all that kept us together and it was starting to kill me. Just one flimsy peace of paper. It seemed such a fragile thing to build a life on.
We didn't speak again for the rest of the car journey. We just held each other in silence and for the time being it was enough.

***



I must have drifted off because when I opened my eyes next we were home. In the dark hands slid around my body and for a moment I fought against the grip on them. 
"It's just me Cassie. We are home." Easily Julian lifted me into his arms and cradling me like a baby carried me inside the sprawling mansion.
Cathy stood just inside the softly lit doorway. Her hands wringing together in worry.
"Is the young mistress alright?" Tears made the older woman's voice thick. "Oh Cassie." She cried.
"Did you do what I asked?" Julian swept passed her and headed up the stairs.
"Yes master." She said quickly. "There's also tea and some sandwiches. So she can keep her strength up."
Julian didn't thank her as he stomped up the stairs and I bit back a groan. Sometimes he really could be an ass.
"Thank you Cathy." I called down weakly to her because one of us had to have manners.
Moving through the quiet house Julian carried me like I weighed nothing at all. Into my room and then into the adjoining bathroom. Which was filled with the sweetest smelling steam.
Easing me down onto my feet he turned me towards the bath and I knew that he'd asked Cathy to run it for me.
"Thank you." I whispered shrugging out of the jacket that he had wrapped me in when he had rescued me.  It fell to the floor and for a second we both just stood there and stared at each other.
"I will give you some privacy." He stepped away, turning his face so he could avert his eyes.
"Please don't go." Reaching out I snagged his wrist. Julian froze , turning slowly to stare at me. 
"Stay?" I begged. "Please."
For a solid minute he stared at me , and I could see the turmoil in his face, then he nodded. "Climb in and I'll help."
I did what he asked. And the hot water both eased my aching tense muscles and scolded my skin all at the same time.
Climbing in behind me, Julian wrapped his arms around me. Pulling me back against the hardness of his chest. 
"Are you ok?" He asked softly. "Really?"
"No." I admitted in a croak because my voice was breaking. "But I will be."
And there it was the absolute truth. Right now I felt broken beyond repair but that was just a feeling. I knew I would get over tonight. I just needed to give myself time. 
"Lean forward."
"Wha-"
"Just lean forward Cassie, I want to wash your hair for you."
It was such a simple request but probably the sweetest thing he had ever said to me.
And as he soaped up my hair , lathering and rinsing and massaging my scalp with his fingers I felt my fears for the future slide away with the suds.
It was all going to be alright. I knew that deep down.
In the end everything was going to be alright.
Twisting my body I stared into his eyes and he stared into mine. His fingers tracing my cheek in a gentle sweep.
"Kiss me." I murmured.
###chapter 57

Julian


I kissed her without hesitation. I would have kissed her even if she hadn't asked me to because when I was close to her I either wanted to throttle her or claim her lips with mine. Tonight I wanted to kiss her.
More than anything I wanted to kiss her and with each kiss take all of her pain and trouble away. I had never wanted anything more.
Opening her lips with mine gently , I used the wash cloth to wipe away the grime of the night from her body. I did it gently because even though she said she was fine I could see in her eyes that she wasn't really.
I didn't know exactly what had gone on in that hotel room before I had arrived and I never would know until Cassie herself felt ready to tell me which might be never. 
"Julian." She whimpered when the tips of my fingers brushed the underside of her breast instead of the cloth. It wasn't a whimper of fear or revulsion. It was the smallest cry of pleasure and need instead and it hit me somewhere in the lower stomach. 
My cock throbbed against her back. Demanding to be inside of her.  But I couldn't do that either. I couldn't be rough and demanding with her. Not tonight. All I could do was caress her , gently and softly as she willingly gave me her lips. 
Yet somehow it was enough. Just holding her and kissing her was enough. A warmth spread through me. Part relief and part contentment and for the first time in so long it felt like I was exactly where I was meant to be. Which was with her.
Moving one hand to the back of her head, I tangled my fingers into her wet hair. The tip of my tongue touching hers and dropped the cloth between her thighs. My fingers skimmed against her core and this time she stiffened.
My eyes flew open to find her staring at me. A wild dazed look in her eyes.
"I'm sorry." I whispered against her mouth. I had pushed too far and she had withdrawn back into herself.
"It's ok."
Except it wasn't ok. Heaving myself upwards in a surge of water I stepped out of the bath and reached for one of the huge towels that were warning but I didn't wrap it around me. Instead I held it out for her.
The moment I had her cocooned inside I lifted her back into my arms. I wasn't a romantic man. I never had been and I probably never would be but Cassie needed this tenderness right now and I wanted to look after her.
Hell I had never wanted to look after anyone more.
Soon I would have to though. Soon I would have a child to look after as well. A kid that wasn't my wife's or my mates but was instead - 
I shook the thought away. Laying her down in the middle of her king sized bed I began to pull back the blankets. What Cassie needed now was rest and maybe one of the small finger sandwiches Cathy had made. 
She lay there as sweetly and innocently as a child and then began to cry. Her eyes wide and terrified.
Jumping onto the bed next to her I pulled her back into my arms.  "Cassie." I chanted her name over and over again. Like saying her name was a prayer.
"I can't stay here." Wildly she tried to untangle herself from my arms and it only made me tighten my grip on her.
"Why-" my eyes scanned the room and instantly I could see the reason why she was freaking out all of a sudden. The wallpaper was the same colour as in that hotel room of horrors. A slightly different shade but it was enough to trigger her. 
"You don't need to sleep in here. We will have another room decorated. It's fine."
Swinging her back into my arms I hurried my way to my room. Which didn't have any green in it at all. 
"Sleep in here tonight. With me." Laying us both in the bed I drew the blankets over us. Cocooning us both in its warmth and darkness. 
"Will you stay with me?"
"Yes" I pressed a kiss to the corner of her mouth and the moment I did it was like a damn burst. Her lips parted under mine and she swiped her tongue hungrily against me. Cassie pulled me half on top of her. So she was crushed under my weight.
"Are you sure?" Lazily I stroked down her throat, my fingertips dancing above the swell of her breasts but not going any further.
"I want to try."
Try.
Suddenly I remembered how she had tensed with my hand between her thighs and I knew she wasn't ready to try. Whatever happened to her she would need to heal from. 
"Can I kiss you instead?" 
Her eyes widened. "Kiss me?"
"Yes." I nodded slowly. "Kiss you everywhere so you remember what it's like to feel good. I want to kiss away and memory of him touching your body."
Not waiting for her answer I let my lips slip down her throat.
I took my time, there was no rush and I wanted her to be able to push me away and tell me no if she needed to.  She didn't stop me but she watched with her eyes wide open until I reached her pert breasts. Each rosy nipple was perfection. I took my time kissing each one in turn. Drawing them upwards with little flicks of my tongue.
She moaned softly. Her hands coming down to tangle in my hair.
I loved kissing her I realised. Giving her pleasure was so much better than taking it for myself. And I had another reason as well. By kissing her all over I got to check every inch of her for any signs she was physically hurt. 
There were a few bruises, nothing to bad. 
That was until I came to rest between her thighs. Parting them gently but firmly I started down at her dewy pink folds. 
Even her pussy was perfection. Pink and glistening. But there was some trauma there, a little tear.
I swallowed down the bile that came rushing up my throat.
Pressing my face into the apex of her thighs I sucked in the sweet aroma of her arousal. And it was almost enough to make me drunk with lust.
Holding her firmly I swiped my tongue against her slit. Parting her, kissing her and licking her all at the same time.
The taste of her exploded all of my senses at once. Every nerve ending I had seemed to zing and bubble up.  She tasted like she smelt but sweeter. I wanted to drown in her juices. 
Her back arched upwards, Cassie rolled her hips in time with my licks. Her hands gripped my hair tightly.
"That's it beautiful. Ride me." Swirling my tongue over her I gave one last kiss and sucked her throbbing clit into my mouth. 
 Cassie screamed, throwing her head back she finally let go and came.
And I licked up every drop from her pulsing flesh. There was no way I was going to miss even the smallest amount of it.
Finally she fell back sated on the mattress. Climbing up her body I kissed her again and settled myself next to her. Leaning on my elbow so I could stare down at her beautiful face and she was beautiful. 
I don't know how I hadn't seen it before.
"That was nice." 
"Just nice?" Arching an eyebrow I tucked a wayward strand of hair behind her ear. "You seemed to enjoy it immensely." I licked my lips.
Cassie blushed. "I did but I feel bad because-"
She reached for me. Curling her small hand around the base of my throbbing cock.
I groaned. Her hand was so soft and yet so tight about me and she felt so damn good. Cassie always felt good.
"Let me help you as well. I owe you-"
I caught her wrist in my much larger hand and stopped her from moving it up and down anymore. 
"You don't owe me anything Cassie." Pulling her hand away from me I pressed a kiss to her palm. "If I let you carry on then I am going to want to fuck you and that's not right. You need to sleep." Kissing her one last time I shuffled backwards off of the bed. "I want you Cassie but not tonight. Tonight you sleep and heal."
She stared up at me with wide doe like eyes. "You said you would stay with me tonight." She accused.
"And I will. I will hold you all night if you need me to but I need to shower first and then I'll grab the food. So if you aren't asleep you can eat."
Not waiting for her to reply I padded naked into my en-suite. I was going into the shower but not to get clean. I needed the sound of the water to muffle my groans as I fisted my cock and imagined how good it would be to sink into her tight pussy right now.
And I needed the water to wash away the cum I would paint the tiles with when I lost control with her face in my mind.



###chapter 58

Cassie 


Cathy was there when I opened my eyes the next morning. It was almost like she had been hovering in the door waiting for me to open my eyes she was so quick.
"Good morning miss, how are you feelin?" She asked as she bustled in with a loaded tray in her hands. She laid the tray on my legs and started pouring tea into a china cup.
I smiled my thanks as she hovered over me.
"Miss Cassie?" She prompted.
I quickly took stock of my body. She hadn't given me a chance before. Surprisingly I felt good. A little aching in places but my mind was relatively clear and unburdened by dark thoughts.
"I'm fine." I smiled and the moment I did I saw the relief flood her face. 
"I am so glad Cassie. You had us all so worried. I've never seen the young  prince like that before. The panic and fear in his face,"
Over the rim of the pale blue china tea cup I blinked at her. "You haven't? What do you mean?"
"When he carried you in here." Cathy busied herself tidying the room. "I've never seen him look so fierce or so tender."
I couldn't help myself. I smiled. That was Julian all over. He was all opposites all the time. "Where is he?" I had woken up alone but that didn't mean he wasn't downstairs somewhere or even in the shower although I couldn't hear any water running.
"He left a few hours ago." Cathy said in a sing song voice as she drew back the heavy drapes and flooded the room with blinding light. The heavy rain of yesterday seemed to have blown passed.
"Oh ok." I couldn't help the deflated feeling in my chest but Cathy didn't seem to notice it. She hummed her way around the room straightening things as she went.
After last night I had hoped he would be here with me when I woke up but some things never did change. Last night was a fluke and I had to remember it.
But of course it had to be a one time thing. My hands settled on the blankets right over my stomach. I was carrying another man's child. There could be no happily forever after for me and Julian. 
"I should get up and prepare for work."
"Julian has taken care of that. You don't need to go back until you feel ready. He's good to you, and he's assigned a driver for you as well. A very capable young man. Devan will keep you safe and sound when our young prince isn't with you,"
Our young prince? It was sweet she thought Julian was mine but he wasn't and he never would be.
"What do you want to do with your day off? Any plans?"
I took a sip of my tea. Savouring the taste of it. I knew exactly what I was going to do with my day off.
"I am going to see my mum."


***

"Miss Cassie." My mum's nurse met me in the hallway like she had been expecting me. Her face was drawn. "Did you get my message?"
Coming to a stop I shook my head. "No what message?"
"I left you an answer phone message yesterday." She smiled as mine slipped off my face. After everything that had happened I hadn't even thought to pick up my messages. My mum could have needed me and I had been thinking of nothing but myself. "Is she ok?"
"Oh she's fine. A royal pain in my bum sometimes," the nurse gave the smallest giggle and I couldn't help but chuckle right along with her. "She wants to discharged." 
"Is she well enough for that?"
"Yes. The doctor will have certain stipulations because she will need to come back often to be checked but she's healing very very well. And I think a home setting with her family around her will do her the world of good."
My heart sank. I wanted all of that for my mother and for myself as well. But I couldn't bring her to live with me and Julian because sooner rather than later he would find out about my pregnancy and I would have to run.
I wouldn't leave her at his mercy.
"I'll go and tell her the good news." Waving to her I made my way further into the ward and towards my mothers room. I would work something out. I had money. I could rent her a small apartment and move in with her to look after her. Already ideas and plans were forming in my mind.
"Just sign the damn papers." The shrill woman's voice was coming from my mothers room and I stopped in my tracks.
What was Annie, my fathers mistress doing here? Creeping forward I listened in.
"I won't divorce him." My mother's voice was weak. Like she was so tired she could cry.
"You need to divorce him. My son will be born soon. Joshua will need to have shares in the company."
My head snapped up. Shares in the company? Hadn't dad said the money was all gone?  That was why there was none of my inheritance left.
"The company is half mine."
"And that's why you need to demand a divorce from him. You haven't done anything to help the business."
My mothers sigh was loud. "Cassie told me that Marvin was struggling for money. That's the reason her marriage to the prince was pushed forward. The family needed the funds." 
Annie's laugh was condescending. "Oh don't be stupid. The money isn't gone and the business isn't failing. Marvin just needs Cassie with the prince to help us get in with the royal family."
At my side my fists clenched. Was that what all of this was about? Was my own father using me to get a better standing in the court. Was he using me?
But of course he was. That was just the kind of man my father was. He'd always been the same.
Leaning forward I peeked in to the room in time to see Annie lean threateningly over my mums body. "Do you know what kind of man your only daughter is married to? Do you know how cruel he is? And she can't leave because you won't divorce her father. She's staying because of you. You-" she stabbed a sharply pointed nail into my mother's chest. Not far above her wound.
"That is enough." Angrily I stepped into the room. My hands on my hips. "It's time for you to leave Annie."
"I'm not going anywhere until I've said my piece Cassie." She rolled her eyes.
"I will drag you out of this room and this hospital by your badly put in hair extensions if you don't leave right now."
A flicker of fear entered her eyes but she quickly hid it. Sweeping her hair over her shoulder she preened almost like she expected me to be swayed by her looks.
I wasn't a man who would fall for such things.
"Get out. I won't have you upsetting my mum and jeopardising her health." I pointed to the door.
"You can't tell me what to do,Cassie."
"Watch me."
"When your father hears of this he will-"
I shook my head she was like a spoiled brat. "He will do what? Take it up with my husband? The Prince." Throwing my head back I laughed, "Leave Annie."
I watched as she flounced out of the place. 
"What a bitch." Turning back to my mum I reached for her hand. "Are you ok? She didn't hurt you, did she?"
"Is Julian really mistreating you?" My mum asked in return.
Perching on the edge of her bed I squeezed her hand. "No he's not mistreating me mum. You shouldn't listen to Annie. She is just jealous because she will always be the mistress. She knows she has no control over anything in that position. She's his doll, his plaything." My smile slipped a little. "His brood mare. He's always wanted a son and she will give him one but at the end of the day he will always be yours. Because deep down he loves you and you love him"
"I don't love him though Cassie." Resigned my mum sighed.
I blinked at her in shock. "What do you mean?"
"It was a contract. That was all. Just like the one you are in. And I was miserable. The only good thing in my life was you. I don't want you to suffer the same fate as me. Trapped in a loveless marriage. I want more for you than that."
I wanted more for me and my children as well.
Growing up I had thought my mum had loved my dad and that's why she had stuck around but now I could see the truth.
"I know mum." Standing up I kissed her cheek. "I know you want to get out of here but can you give me a few more days? I need to find us a place to live and-"
"Cassie." 
"I'll go and speak to your doctor mum but don't worry it won't be much longer and we can really start living our lives again."
She snagged my wrist. "Thank you Cassie. For everything. This place feels like a prison and I'm going crazy being locked up."


***


Coming out of my mothers doctors office I walked straight into Megan. Stumbling backwards my ears were full of the sound of her mocking laughter. 
It was almost like she had been waiting for me.
"Oh Cassie." She giggled theatrically. Smoothing her tight skirt down her legs. "You should really be more careful. More aware of your surroundings."
Pursing my lips I stared her up and down. Everything she wore was conservative but left absolutely nothing to the imagination. Ever item showed off her curves.
"What are you doing here? You don't work here anymore." 
I didn't want to deal with Megan. Not after what had happened yesterday and already running into Annie. 
"neither do you."
"I was visiting my mum."
"Oh yeah." She giggled sarcastically. "I guess Julian didn't factor in that you would come here today? Or maybe he did. Maybe he wanted you to see."
Confused, I stared at her and then it hit me. "You are here to meet my husband?"
She smiled triumphantly. "He phoned this morning. He really wants to see me so we can discuss the future." She winked. "Although I doubt we will do much talking."
I felt sick. Nausea rolled through my stomach. Was that reason he hadn't waited around for me to wake up this morning? Was he already rushing to meet his mistress? 
It shouldn't upset me but it did. Not that I would ever let Megan see the pain she was causing me. I wouldn't give her the satisfaction.  Throwing back my head I laughed. "Oh please Megan." I laughed until tears ran down my cheeks smudging my makeup. "You don't have a future with Julian. Women like you." I raked my eyes up and down her perfect body with scorn because she wasn't the only one who could be a bitch. "Aren't wives to men like Julian. You are whores."
"Oh you poor fool." She stepped into my space. So close that it felt like I would choke on her overpowering perfume. "You will see. He's going to divorce you and marry me" 
As if to prove her point the roar of a sports cars engine rumbled through the parking lot. Megan's smile grew wider and wider.
"Excuse me Cassie. I have a date with a prince."
I didn't watch her walk away but I did move to the window to look down at the parking lot below.
And my heart broke as I watched Megan slide gracefully into Julian's car and they took off. 
She hadn't been lying. He had come for her. 
I bit back the urge to sob. They didn't deserve my tears.
In my bag my phone began to ring.
"Hello." I answered it without looking who was calling.
"Cassie?"
Letting out a sigh of relief to hear Forrest's voice I relaxed. Forrest was my friend. I could count on him to make me feel better.
"Cassie, you need to leave." He sounded breathless. "You need to run. Today or tomorrow at the lastest." Taking a deep breath he shattered my heart with one sentence. "Cassie, Megan is pregnant and Julian is the father."



###chapter 59

Megan 

Sliding into the dark cool interior of Julian's state car I reached up and pressed my lips to his cheek. Pressing my tits up against his arm.
"Hello sweetheart did you miss me?" Reaching for his face I tried to turn him to face me so I could kiss him. If I could get that to happen then the rest would come easy. I knew the kind of sexual power I had over men. And Julian was a man. A man I was hoping to use and control.
"You haven't shaved." There was stubble under my fingers. It felt rough and itchy. I'd never seen him unshaven before. It was strange.
"I was busy." Julian snapped. "Sit back and put on your seat belt."
Pouting I sat back. God I hated it when a man , even a prince tried to order me around. "I never wear a seat belt." 
Julian's eyes flashed. "You would think you would want to keep our baby safe." His eyes travelled down the length of my legs encased in black stocking to my heels and he frowned. "If of course you are pregnant."
I didn't like the tone of his voice. It sounded like he was doubting me and that just wouldn't do at all.
Quickly clipping myself in place I lowered my eyes. "You don't believe me?"
"Those don't look like the shoes a pregnant woman would wear." He said pointedly. 
Frowning, I stared down at my footwear. Was that what this was about? My choice of heel. "I just wanted to look nice for you Julian." I kicked them off. "I just wanted you to think I was pretty."
He groaned. "You are a beautiful woman Megan." He admitted but it sounded like it took great effort for him to say the words out loud.
"About the baby-"
I turned to him sharply. "What about our baby?"
Julian's face was dark and closed off.
"You don't believe the baby is yours do you?" I wailed and I was only half pretending. If he didn't believe me then all of my plans were over. "Didn't you read the reports and -"
"Yes I read them and yes I had the sample tested."
"So what's the problem?" I was getting angry now and that was a dangerous thing around a man like Julian. "Oh my god Julian. You are going to reject us aren't you? You are going to abandon us." I broke down into small raspy sobs. I had given up so much to make this work and now it was about to come crashing down around my designer shoes.
"No." Julian's voice was strangled. Reaching for my hand he squeezed my fingers for a second before releasing me. "No if the child is mine then I will never abandon-"
"What do you mean if ? I gave you everything you needed. So what do you mean if-" my voice was growing shriller and shriller. Wildly I looked out of the window. "Where are we going?"
"Ian?"
From the front of the car his beta Ian glanced in the rear view mirror. "We are going to a hospital, Miss Megan."
My heart sank even more. "We were just at a hospital though. Why?" It hit me in a rush and it was like all my hopes and dreams suddenly smashed and shattered around me. 
"Prince Julian wants you to be tested in person. And of course he wants you to be thoroughly checked out and looked after." He smiled and it wasn't a friendly smile. Ian knew what I was about I could see it in his eyes.
He suspected at the very least.
"Ok. I got dressed up for dinner but ok." There was no point arguing with them. I had dressed for dinner and seduction. The plan had been simple. Get Julian to actually get me pregnant but that was impossible now. 
If he wanted me tested then this was all over.
"I don't understand why we couldn't stay where we were though?" 
"Julian wanted to do this out of town," Ian said curtly.
"So he could hide me away. Like I'm a dirty little secret.  He doesn't want anyone to know."
Neither one of them answered me and we all fell silent.
I didn't know what they were thinking but I could guess. 
"Please just don't-" I began to say when my stomach spasmed. My hand went to it. Rubbing vigorously.  I had been about to ask him to not abandon us but that was pointless. As soon as Julian was told I wasn't actually pregnant he was going to do more than abandon me. He would have me locked up or something worse. And there wasn't a damn thing I could do about it now.
Another twinge, this one much stronger and I let out a cry. My stomach was cramping so badly. 
"Megan?"
Cramping? Mentally I checked the dates and it was like the goddess herself had blessed me. 
"Megan, are you ok?" Julian's voice was full of worry. 
I cried out louder this time. Clutching my stomach. It was just my period but he didn't know that. If I was lucky and clever then I could make him think I was having a miscarriage. If I played it just right I would make him feel so bad and guilty that he would never ever leave me.
"Julian." I clung to his arm. My nails digging into his shirt sleeve and sobbed in fake pain. "Julian the baby."
His eyes widened. 
"Please Julian. I don't want to lose our baby. Please don't let him die."
Something warm and wet slipped from my body. I felt it soak through my thong and instantly begin trickling down my leg and I didn't even try and hide it.
I needed him to see I was bleeding. And he did. Julian's face went pale.
"Our baby will not die. I won't let that happen. I've got you Megan." He gathered me into his arms and held me and I clung to him. This was going better than I expected. 
"I'm going to take care of you. I promise."



###chapter 60

Julian 


It wasn't her cry of pain that first told me something was wrong it was the smell of blood. It was faint at first but as she cried out and clung to me it grew stronger and stronger. Until suddenly the coppery tang of it was all I could smell.
Had my suspicions been wrong all this time. Ian's suspicions as well. Neither one of us thought she was really pregnant with my baby but had we been wrong?
Glancing down I saw a faint red line appear in her stockings. It grew deeper and darker red as she lost more blood.
Damn. Guilt ripped me up inside. Was she losing my baby? It was almost to much to bear. I didn't want Megan not in the way she so obviously wanted me and I still doubted she was the woman from that night but that didn't mean I wanted her to lose her baby.
And if she was that woman, then it was my baby as well and I didn't want that to happen even less.
I held her to me. The seatbelts didn't make it easy but I managed it. No matter happened now I would be there for her.
"Ian." I yelled. "Get us to a hospital. Megan is losing the baby."
"Yes Julian. I'll turn around in the next intersection and head back the way we just come. That's the nearest hospital."
If Ian had any reservations or doubts he knew better than to air them to me. "Is there anything I can do to help?" He asked instead.
"Just put your foot down. She's losing a lot of blood." I snapped. At least it looked like a fair amount of blood to be losing when you were with child. 
"You got it boss." Turning back to the road, Ian slammed his foot down on the accelerator. We lurched towards before the seat belts did their job and pushed us back.
The car sped forward. Racing between the other cars like we were in a race or running for our lives and in a way we were. We were running to save my babies life anyway and he or she were the only one to matter.
We flew through the intersection and then we were flying. The crunch of metal on metal as another vehicle t-boned us and sent us sprawling was deafening loud.
The car span around and around. And then flipped. Turning over again and again until I didn't even know which way was up anymore there's was nothing but flashes of a spinning sky outside the shattered windows and the sound of metal scraping along tarmac with an ear piercing screech 
And then nothing but darkness.


***


Something sterile and strong tickled my senses and my eyes flew open. Confused, I stared up at the pure white ceiling. And I was laying in a bed. One with a hard mattress but it was definitely a bed.
But that wasn't right because I had been in the back seat of my car. And -
And-
The last thing I remember was the car turning over and over like a leaf tossed around by a wind. We had been hit by a much bigger vehicle.
Ours hadn't stood a chance. It was a miracle I was alive. The moment I thought that my mind was full of the others. Had any of them survived?
Groaning, I started to push myself up on the narrow hospital bed. 
"Your highness." A white coated doctor rushed into the room and to my bedside. Pushing me back down as gently as he could. "You must lay still. You were in a pretty bad crash and might-"
"I'm aware of what happened." I slapped his hands away but I did fall back into the pillows. "I was the one in the crash after all but the others. Ian?" 
Ian had been the one driving and he would have taken the brunt of the impact.
Ian was one of my oldest friends and the one person I trusted in the world.
"It's a miracle because your car was almost flattened but he should be fine. He just came up from surgery."
I let out a sigh of relief. "Thank the goddess."
"He's not out of the woods yet but as soon as he wakes up we should know more."
"And Megan? The woman in the back with me?" 
"Fine. A few cuts and bruises and a concussion but she will be fine also."
I let out another sigh. Everyone was ok and that was the main thing.
"And the baby?" I was almost to scared to ask because I already knew the answer. She had been losing the baby even before we crashed.
Pausing, the doctor frowned. His bushy eyebrows knitting together as he glanced down at his notes. "She's not pregnant, your highness."
Closing my eyes I let the news sink in. I might have suspected it but that didn't really make it easier to bear. My baby was gone.
I would never get to meet them, or marvel at their little fingers or toes or teach them to ride a bike. All of those firsts had been taken from me.
"Miss Megan is in the next room over. Would you like one of the nurses to take you to her?"
I knew that was the right thing to do. Megan would need my support.  "Yes but first I need to know. Have the police been informed about my accident,"
"We have your highness." A grey haired man said from the doorway and you could tell by just looking at him that he was a detective. Even his voice was raspy like he smoked too many cigarettes.
It was like he had been plucked for a comic book,
"What have you found out about the accident? Was anyone else hurt?"
He stepped into the room and closed the door behind him. "Accident, your highness?" He edged closer to the bed with a swish of his trench coat and an aura of stale smoke. "We don't believe it was an accident. Someone is trying to kill you."






 ###chapter 61
Cassie

I didn't know what to do or where to turn. I was in an impossible situation with a man who I was tied to but had decided to leave me the morning after my abduction to meet his mistress.
The same mistress who had tried to kill my babies only a few days ago. It didn't matter to me that Julian didn't know all those details. He had still chosen her over me.
Again.
He would always choose her and that was something I had to come to terms with. One thing was for certain though I couldn't stay with him. Not not. It would kill me.
I didn't want to break my vow and the contract I had made with the King but I couldn't stay either. If I had to I would work three jobs and pay every penny back to him. 
I just needed out of my sham of a marriage first.
And that meant I needed somewhere for me and my mum to live.
Somewhere cheap and cheerful for now. We didn't need anything lavish and it needed to be-
I blinked and the car park came back into view below me. It was raining and I didn't know when that had started. How much time had passed since my husband had come to pick up his mistress? I didn't know. I had lost all track of time but I knew it must have been a while because now I wasn't lost in my own thoughts , the muscles in my legs and back were cramped.
Shaking myself , I rolled my shoulders.
I needed to find somewhere to live that wasn't anywhere around here. Julian might not want me to be his wife but he would never let me go either. It would be too embarrassing for him. And that meant I needed to run far far away.
With little money and an extremely ill mother.
And I couldn't even do an internet search for properties because I knew Julian would be able to see. I had a bodyguard and driver now, they would relay everything I did and everyone I spoke to. Julian was probably tracking my internet usage as well.
It sounded like something he would do.
It left me with very few options. 
Sucking my bottom lip into my mouth I chewed on it thoughtfully. Who could I go to for help? It wasn't like I had many friends.
And even less that knew my situation.
Without meaning to I dropped my hands to my stomach. I wasn't just doing this for me and my mum. I was doing it for my babies as well. The two little lives I was growing deep inside of my body. They were innocent in all of this but I knew Julian. He wouldn't accept them and he could be brutal when he wanted to be.
More than anything else I needed to get them away from him and the life he would force them to live.
Forrest.
He was the only person I could ask. The only person who knew everything. Forrest had helped me in the past, more than once. Maybe I could beg him for his help to find somewhere to live. Even if it was to use the computer in his office to search for somewhere to live.
He would help me. I knew he would but if he didn't I didn't know what I was going to do.
Digging into my bag I pulled out my phone and dialed out his number. He would be at work but I didn't want to just turn up. 
He answered on the third ring.
"Cassie." He was breathing heavily. Like he had been running. "What's happened, are you ok?" There was a sound of a door opening and then crashing shut behind him. "I heard about what happened and-"
"I'm fine."
"Are you sure? Where are you? Is someone-"
I cut him off again. "I'm fine." I glanced around because I didn't want anyone to overhear me. This was a conversation I wanted to have in private.
"Well I'm not but I'm safe right now." Another glance around. My eyes narrowed. People walked passed me without even glancing in my direction but that didn't mean anything. Any one of them could be a Julian spy or a Megan supporter. I didn't know who my enemies were anymore.
And I didn't know when I had become so paranoid.
"Can we meet somewhere?"
He sighed. "What's happened Cassie? You should be at home. Resting."
"I'm fine honestly and nothing new has happened. I just-" I paused and took a deep breath. "I need to ask you a favour."
Forrest was silent. He was going to start to believe the only time I rang him was when I needed something and I didn't want that. Forrest was my friend and I loved him like a brother. 
"It's nothing big," I stuttered when he remained silent. "Just a tiny thing and-"
His sigh was loud. "You know I would do anything for you Cassie. Big or small. So tell me where you are and we can chat in person. It's probably safer that way." He chuckled mirthlessly.
"I'm visiting my mum."
"Well you are in luck because I am where you are for a change. I had a patient come in here with an emergency and was checking on them. But that's not what you want to hear and I am all done now. Shall we grab a coffee? Neither one of us have an office here anymore." Another laugh.
I went back to chewing my lip. As much as coffee sounded good. I wasn't sure caffeine was good for the babies and I didn't want to have to look over my shoulder to see if anyone was listening in if we met in public.
"Do you know the small staff only cafeteria in the basement?" Forrest asked like he had read my thoughts.
"Yeah." I did know it but I had forgotten. But it was the perfect place. "I'll meet you there in a few minutes."


###chapter 62
Cassie


Pushing into the small staff only space I saw Forrest in the far corner. He pushed his way out of his chair when he saw me. A small smile on his face.
I went to him. Weaving around the small tables. It was almost empty in here and the people , mostly nurses looked like they were about to pass out with exhaustion. I knew from experience that every mug clutched in their hands held coffee.
"You look better than I expected you to look." Leaning towards me Forrest pressed his full lips to my cheek. "Take a seat. I got you a peppermint tea and a muffin." He motioned to the seat against the wall. It was tucked right into the corner so I would be half hidden but could see the room.
"Thanks, I think." Smiling I slid into the chair. "Thanks for the tea and the muffin.  Not so much for the kind of compliment." I winked to lighten the mood.
"You always look beautiful Cassie. Always." He took his seat. Entwining his fingers on the table. "But that doesn't mean I can't see how tired you are. Are you sleeping? Getting enough food?"
Throwing back my head I couldn't help but laugh. "I'm doing ok considering I was kidnapped and my husbands mistress is trying to kill my baby. Anyway who do you think you are? My doctor?" Laughing I reached across the table and took his hand , so he would know I was teasing him.
"A doctor, yes but I am a friend ,Cassie." Turning his hand over he entwined our fingers and for a second I stared at it. 
Why did this suddenly feel weird? Like some kind of line had been crossed.
Slowly I slid my hand away and settled it on my lap.
"I know you're my friend Forrest." I said quietly. "You are the only person I can count on." I looked him fully in his deep forest green eyes. And was struck by how handsome he was.
Shaking the thought away I forced myself to smile. Handsome or not Forrest could never be more to me than a friend. Before this moment I had never even thought he saw me as anything but an annoying little sister.
Now I wasn't so sure.
It couldn't happen though. Even if we both wanted it to because Julian would hunt him down and kill him. Not because Julian wanted me but because he didn't want anyone else to want me.
My husband was cruel like that.
"I know Cassie and I will always try and be that person for you. Because I care about you a lot and I always will." Leaning back he studied me. "Tell me what you need."
I glanced around. No one was looking at me. That didn't mean they weren't listening but this was a human hospital and the only shifters here were me and Forrest so they wouldn't be able to overhear me if I whispered.
Leaning forward I motioned for him to come forward.
"I need to get out of here." I hissed. "Me and mum. We can't stay here and when Julian finds out I'm pregnant-" I trailed off.
Darkness filled Forrest's eyes. He nodded once. "Yeah I can't see that going well. What do you think he will do? Force you to give them up." He looked away quickly. "Are you sure they aren't his Cassie? He would treat you like a queen-"
My eyes flashed. "I don't want to be his queen just because I'm having his children and anyway I'm not. They aren't his. It was a one time thing with a stranger."
"Maybe we could find the father? He has an obligation to protect you and the babies?"
 My eyes closed. "I don't even know what this guy looks like." I could feel Forrest's surprised glance. How could I explain it to him. I didn't know what he looked like but I remembered how he had made me feel. Like I was complete.
His appearance didn't even come into it. 
"I'm pretty sure he was my mate." I managed to whisper and Forrest's head snapped up in shock. Rubbing his fingers over his chin he sighed. "For real?"
Mutely I nodded.
"Well that just complicates matters doesn't it? Maybe we can still try and find him? If that's something you would want to do?"
Did I want to do that? My children deserved to know their father but if I saw him again , I knew I would want to be with him and I couldn't. Julian would end his life and I didn't want that.
"Maybe but right now just somewhere I can -" I was half way through the sentence when Forrest's phone started to ring.
"Excuse me, it's my work phone." He apologised as he rushed away to take the call.
It left me alone. Looking around I took in the nurses and few doctors who was sat alone at their tables. No one was talking to each other. They were all too tired. This was the break place of the exhausted. 
Idly I broke off the top of my muffin and popped it into my mouth. The taste wasn't the best but the pop of sweetness of the blueberry against my tongue was delicious.
Blueberry muffins were my favourite. Forrest had known that but Julian wouldn't have. Julian didn't know anything about me and he wasn't interested in trying. 
I was half way through it when Forrest appeared in the doorway. The phone still in his hand. He just stood there. Staying at me like he was afraid to come any closer.
Cold dread filled me. 
"Cassie."
The muffin forgotten I forced myself to stand and move towards him. Stumbling over my own feet. I didn't know what had happened but it was clear that something had and it was something bad.
"What's happened?" I almost tripped and his hands came out to steady me with his fingers around my elbows.
"Let's sit down."
I began to shake my head. "Is it my mum?"
"No." He tried to comfort me. "No it's not your mum."
"Then what is it? Why do you look like that? Why aren't you telling me?" Panic was gripping me.
"There's been an accident. It's Julian."


###chapter 63
Julian 


"We don't think it was an accident, your highness." The detectives voice echoed in my brain but I couldn't quite make sense of it yet. It was like my brain couldn't make sense of everything at once. There was just too much going on.
"Come in and close the door." I managed to snap and some how my voice was strong. Turning to the doctor I nodded my thanks at him. "Thank you doctor but could you give us a few minutes?"
"Of course your highness." He nodded his head politely. "I will go and check in with the other patients. If you need anything or are in any pain just press the buzzer and someone will come for you."
Again I nodded my head in thanks but this time I didn't say anything. Motioning for the old cliched detective to take a seat I waited until the door had shut before giving him my attention.
"Would you care to explain what you mean by that?" I asked finally. "Why do you think this wasn't an accident?"
He ran his fingers over the salt and pepper scruff on his chin, his eyes averted. "You're highness , the -" He stuttered and for a fleeting moment his eyes met mine before skipping away. I had seen a lot in that look. He didn't just think it, he knew it. He had some sort of proof that this wasn't an accident and that someone had tried to kill me.
Again.
It was happening more and more often.
Only this time they had killed someone. My baby. My unborn child's life was just as important as mine. More important actually and for that alone they would pay.
I just needed to find out who was behind it all. My family had so many enemies but this had begun to feel personal.
"You're telling me it wasn't an accident and that someone planned this?" I asked casually because I already knew the truth. "How is that even possible. How would they know where I was and when?"
Again he didn't answer me but I could tell by the look on his face that he had some hunches.
"I can't go into details on an ongoing investigation, Prince Julian but you have my word that we are working tirelessly to bring the culprits to justice for you and your people. I am already liaising with your security team , although-"
"You think I have a rat in my midst don't you?" Suddenly I was exhausted. But it all made sense. Only those closest to me knew my movements. "An enemy close to me?"
"Don't you?"
"Yes." Pinching the skin between my eyebrows I took a deep breath and then another one. It was pointless. I was completely on edge. "I want your department to deal with this detective. Any news you come to me first and no one else. Is that understood?"
"Yes, your highness. Is there anyone I can contact for you?"
"My wif-" I began to say. Cassie. Her name popped into my mind right away and almost slipped out of my mouth. But very few people knew we were married. I knew there were rumours because of the functions we had been seen at but no one had said anything to make it official. I didn't want that to happen now. It would put her in unnecessary danger.
The thought almost made me laugh. She was already in danger. Just hearsay she had been kidnapped and assaulted. 
"No." I said quietly with a shake of my head. "The most important people in my life are already here." That wasn't exactly true but the King would have been told already and Cassie? Well Cassie I would tell myself once I had checked on Megan and seen Ian for myself. 
Once I had made sure they were ok I would let her know and work out somewhere for her to go which would be safe for her. I had to believe that the man I had placed as her driver and security would do his job until then.
If I was lucky she would be at home. 
More than likely still in bed and living it up after her ordeal. If I had stayed with her last night and this morning none of this would have happened. I had never regretted getting out of bed so much in my life.
"No." I said again. "Could you call in a nurse for me. I would like to go and visit-"
"Megan." He said coldly. 
I glanced at him. The way he said it , was almost like he knew her or knew of her. "You know her?"
"No but it's my job to know things."
"And what do you know about her?"
He shook his head. "It is not my place to-" Hr trailed off. "I hope your lady friend isn't too badly hurt prince Julian and I am sorry for any loss you have both suffered." He nodded his head politely.
I did a double take. How did he know about the baby? Had someone told him. It hit me then. He had overheard me asking the doctor that was all.
"Thank you. Now please call a nurse." I demanded. There was so much I could ask him but keeping him here would keep him from doing his job and I wanted to check on Megan. Talk to her and comfort her as best I could and then I wanted to be with Ian when he came around.
And I would have to make provisions for Cassie and Cathy as well. But I already knew I would send them to the palace. They would be safe there.
The clock above the door ticked away. Minutes went passed and then a few more and still no one came to help me.
Gripping the sheets in my hands I swung my legs over the edge of the bed. My feet felt numb and I almost broke an ankle but I finally managed to stand.
Each step was torture but I was Julian. One day I would be king. I wasn't about to let something like a car crash keep me away from the grieving mother of my unborn child.

###chapter 64
Cassie


"Don't worry about it Cassie." Reaching across the gearstick to cover the hand i had resting on my knee. It was only when he squeezed my fingers that I realised I had been shaking.  
"Julian will be fine." He murmured.
Was that why I was shaking with nerves? Did I really care about what happened to him? If he died I would be free and I wouldn't have to run. In fact it would make my life so much easier if he died but did I really want that?
No. Of course I didn't want that. 
Deep down I cared about Julian. I cared more than I wanted to admit actually. Because there were little moments when we were together. A little look, a light tough , a kind word were I knew we could be amazing together if we just tried a little harder but those moments were so fleeting. Gone in a blink of an eye before he was back to being - well him.
Except that wasn't entirely true either. He had come for me. When I had needed him the most he had come and saved me.
Well technically I had been saving myself but the thought was still there. I had needed him and he had come.
And now he was hurt and needed me. So I was going to him.
"I know." Again I slid my hand out from under Forrest's. He didn't fancy me I told myself again. He always touched me because he was my friend and he cared about me. This sudden tension was all part of my imagination.
"And thank you for taking me."
"I don't think your driver is going to thank me." Forrest chuckled. "When he realises you have gone anyway."
I forced myself to laugh. We had escaped out of a back entrance where Forrest had parked but I had no doubt that my security would be looking for me soon. And when he found out I wasn't in the hospital he would be furious.
Let him be. I was going to my husband.
"Cassie?" Forrest called my name. Drawing my attention back to him.
"Sorry I got lost in my own thoughts." I smiled an apology at him. 
"Goddess." Reaching up Forrest tugged at his hair, making it stand on end. "I don't know if you have it bad for the prince or your just really depressed." He said.
"Depressed." I muttered quickly. Maybe too quickly because his eyes crinkled at the edges.
"If you say so." He said finally. "Have you thought about how you're going to get in to see him?"
My head snapped around so fast that my bones cracked. Rubbing at them I grimaced. "What do you mean?" Staring at him I waited for him to continue.
"I mean only a handful of people know of your marriage. Neither you or Julian have been super open about your relationship."
"Because we don't have a relationship." I countered although sometimes I thought we could if we let our guards down. "We have a contracted marriage."
For a moment Forrest looked uncomfortable and then he asked his question again. "Then how do you plan on getting in to see him?"
It was a serious question and one that I hadn't thought about until he had brought it up. "I don't know." I admitted finally.
"Well you need to figure something out because we are here." 
Glancing out of the window I scowled at the sprawling building rapidly coming towards us.
"You could always just tell everyone that he's your husband? Make it official,"
I rolled my eyes. "Next you will want me to make it Facebook official. I'm not a child. I'll figure something out."
No one spoke as he pulled the car into one of the staff spots and killed the engine.
"We are doctors." I muttered.
Half out of the door he turned and looked at me. "Yeah-" he sounded unsure of himself suddenly. "What does that have to do with this?"
Again I rolled my eyes. "You're one of his doctors Forrest , which is why you were called."
"You want me to get you in to him."
"Say I'm your intern? If they need to check me out they can. I'm registered, they won't find out anything bad or who I really am."
"You want to pretend to be his doctor?" He sounded incredulous.
"It makes sense." I gave him a shrug as I slammed the car door shut and moved around to meet him on the pavement.
Blowing out a breath Forrest shook his head. "Making sense would be telling everyone who you are Cassie. You are his wife."
He said it loudly and my eyes flashed. "Not so loud. No one can know that." I warned. "When I run, the fewer people who know who I am, the better."
He opened his mouth to say something and then snapped his lips shut with such force that his jaw clenched and a muscle throbbed.
"Forrest."
We turned together as a man came striding out of the automatic double doors  towards us. Behind him a nurse rushed after him.
I stared at him. "Who?" I hissed out of the corner of my mouth.
"Doctor Grase." Forrest strode forward. A professional smile on his face and his arm outstretched. They shook hands like old friends. 
"How is my patient?" Forrest glanced at me, motioning me forward. "This is Cassie. She's been working closely with me for the royals care."
Doctor Grase gave me a glance but that was it. He didn't ask any questions. He trusted Forrest and it showed. 
"It's a pleasure to meet-" I began to say and closed my mouth when he spoke again.
"The patient is -" he laughed. "The prince."
Throwing back his head Forrest laughed. "So being a royal pain in the ass then?"
"Yes , I found him crawling to his mates room to check on her." Doctor Grase shook his head.
"His mate?"
"Yes." He continued without looking at me. "I've never seen a man so determined to get to a woman. But I can't say I blame him. The loss of a child is heartbreaking and it is hitting them both hard."
At my side my fists clenched. I could feel Forrest side eyeing me thoughtfully but I didn't turn to him. I didn't even know why I was feeling so disgruntled but I was. Knowing my husband was sleeping with Megan was one thing but hearing her called his mate was quite another.
"I can imagine it is." Forrest said evenly. "Best take us to them."


###chapter 65
Megan 


"How did you get in here?" I asked sweetly, opening my eyes wide in what I hoped was shock at seeing Julian sitting by my bedside. I wasn't shocked at all though. I had heard him come in and sit down and just pretended to be asleep.
He was worried about me and I wanted to use that to my advantage.fluttering my eyelashes at him was impossible because my face was all swollen and gross but flirting wouldn't work on the prince right now.
I needed to be soft. Demure and needy. It's what Julian needed. He liked being in charge and he wanted to be needed. And what Julian wanted i would give him.
"How are you feeling?" Jumping to his feet Julian leant over the bed. His eyes drifted over my body , landing on my midsection before settling on my face again.
I frowned. My hand darted down to my stomach. "In pain and -" I searched his face. He looked so sad and I could hazard a guess why. They would have told him I wasn't pregnant. Did he think I had lost the baby in the crash? 
Or did he think I'd never been pregnant at all?
No, if he knew I had been lying then he wouldn't have been sitting here so calm and teary eyed. I would have been in chains.
"Julian?" I forced my voice to break. Instantly he took my hand in his and squeezed my fingers.
"I'm sorry Megan." His voice sounded sad , as sad and broken as his eyes. "I am sorry."
"My baby?" I asked in a croak. Now would be the perfect time to cry but I just couldn't squeeze the fake tears out. I did sound numb though and that might work just as well.
"Our baby is gone and I am sorry-" Julian's voice broke. "If I had believed you , if i hadn't forced you into the check up then this would never of happened. I don't know how I'm going to make it up to you Megan but I promise you I will."
Opening my mouth I was about to ask him to promise to look after me but instead I turned my head away from him. Screwing up my eyes like I was fighting back sobs.
"My baby." I mumbled again. "My baby is gone."
He was stroking his hands over my shoulders in a second drawing me into him in a comforting hug. His touch was gentle. "Our baby Megan. Ours. And we will grieve together. I promise you."
"This is your fault." The words ripped their way out of my throat. "They were trying to kill you and instead they killed our baby. How can I ever be safe ever again? They will think we are together and come after me next."
Gripping my chin he tilted my head up so he could meet my eyes. "I won't let that happen Megan. No one will come after you. Not eve again. I am going to keep you safe."
"And how about any future children we have Julian?"
For a second his eyes widened in shock. Like he hadn't thought about us being a couple. I couldn't really blame him for that. But now was the perfect time to cement my hold on him and I wasn't going to squander it.
"Oh." Ripping my face away. "You don't want to be with me."
He groaned, pushing away from the bed Julian began to pace. "It's not like that."
"It's ok, your highness." I said quietly. "I understand. You're married now and-"
He was back at my bedside in a second. "Cassie has nothing to do with this. She never has. She's no one to me." Bending over me he pressed his lips to my matted hair.  "I'll look after you Megan." Another kiss on my head. "I promise I'll always look after and protect you."
He was doing this out of some sense of obligation but that was fine. I could work on that. I could make him want me and fall in love with me. I just needed a little time with him to make my plan work. 
"I'll -"
"You cant promise me that Julian. It would be best if you just left me alone." I wailed.
"I can't do that and I can promise you Megan. I will make sure you are looked after and-"
"And what about your wife?"
There was a pause and from beneath my lashes I watched as his face twisted. "What about her? Cassie won't -"
"She hates me. It was probably her who did this to us. She doesn't want you to be happy Julian." I wailed theatrically. "She killed our baby."
Julian sighed. "You don't need to worry about Cassie."
Hope blossomed in my heart. "You will get rid of her? For good?"
He sighed. "Yes Megan. I'll deal with Cassie. You are safe. Now rest and regain your strength. I need to go-"
I grabbed at his hand. Stopping him from heading towards the door. "Please don't go." I begged "I don't want to be alone."
My begging worked. Julian's shoulders slumped. "I'll stay as long as you need me." He settled himself back in the chair.
"Do you promise?"
"Yes , now sleep." 
"I love you prince Julian." 
He didn't say it back but I didn't expect him too. But he would soon. 
Men were so predictable and easy to manipulate and the crown prince was no different. Julian would give me everything I had ever wanted and he would smile whilst he was doing it because I was about to make him fall in love with me for real. I'd have him fill my belly with pups so he could never leave me. I just needed to get rid of Cassie first.
Cassie and her bloody babies. They were the only thing that could ruin my plan.
"Please don't let her hurt me anymore Julian." I whispered as my eyes closed.
"She won't be a problem anymore Megan. I'll take care of Cassie."


###chapter 66
Cassie


Outside of the room Forrest froze with his hand outstretched. It hovered in the air above the door handle as he turned his head and stared at me.
I didn't look away although I wanted to. Because he had heard my husbands words as clear as I had. 
Ice ran through my veins. I didn't know the context in which he would "take care of me" but it sounded awfully like a threat.
Suddenly my need to make sure my husband was alright after his accident was gone. I didn't want to be here anymore. 
Julian was fine. He was with the woman he had chosen. She was the one he wanted to be with and I had to accept that.
I did accept that.
It wasn't like I was in love with him. Hell I didn't even like him and now I knew better than ever that I couldn't stay with him. 
I wouldn't even be able to stay in town or anywhere close by. I needed to find somewhere and grab my mother and go. 
Because- my eyes swept towards the door again and then quickly darted away. If I stayed I was pretty sure I would be the victim of an unfortunate accident. If Julian didn't do it then Megan would. She had already tried to kill my babies so I wouldn't put anything passed her.
Twisting on my heel I walked away without saying a word. Leaving Forrest, his doctor friend and the nurse staring at my retreating back. 
"Ca-" Forrest called after me. "Excuse me she's not been feeling very well." He made an excuse for me and even as I pushed my way out of the corridor and into a much busier one I could hear his footsteps rushing after me.
I sped up. I didn't want to talk to anyone least of all him. I couldn't bear to see the sympathy in his eyes. I had rushed here because I cared about Julian and here he was plotting my death.
Forrest caught hold of my bicep , spinning me around. I went without any fuss. Stumbling into his chest and hiding my face in his sweet smelling wool sweater. For a second I thought about ripping myself from his arms but it was just a fleeting thought before I sagged against him.
Instantly his arms tightened around me. I wanted to lose myself in the protection of his arms but I knew I couldn't do that. There were too many people here who could report back to Julian and even if things between Forrest and I was innocent I knew how it could be misconstrued.
"I'm fine." I mumbled. Even though that was a lie.
"No you're not." Forrest's hands smoothed a circle on my back and it did help. "You need a hug."
"No." I detangled myself from his arms. Stepping away. "We can't do that here Forrest."
Confusion pinched his eyebrows together. "So you're not allowed to hug a friend now." The first hint of anger was making his voice deeper. There was a low growl in it. 
"You know how he would see it if he found out we had embraced in public." I shook my head.
"He doesn't care about you Cassie." The words ripped there way out of his throat with another growl. "I don't understand why you-"
I glared at him. "I don't care about Julian." I lied. "But I care about you and he will come after you. I don't want that." Lifting my eyes I tried to send him a message without even saying a word and failed. Shaking my head I reached for his hand and wrapped my fingers around it. "I never want you to get hurt Forrest." I said truthfully.  "And he will hurt you if he sees us hugging."
Forrest's green eyes narrowed. "It's not me I'm worried about Cassie." He said in a hushed voice. "It's you. I really think he's going to try and hurt you and if he doesn't-" He fell silent as someone walked passed.
They looked puzzled but they also looked curious. This corridor was too public for this conversation. Grabbing Forrest's arm I pulled him through another door and into an empty room. The bed was stripped down and the whole place stank of death. Someone had died in here and recently.
I wrinkled my nose up. 
It was kind of fitting though because we were about to have a serious talk about my husband and his mistress trying to murder me.
"Megan will." I finished Forrest's earlier sentence. "I know that because she's already tried. And after hearing-" I motioned towards the door.  Like Julian's room was right outside of it and not several corridors away.  "She's going to try and kill my babies at the very least." Moving away from Forrest I jumped up on the bed and let my feet swing for a second. "And that's the reason I need to get my mum and leave. But-" back and forth my legs swung but for a second I couldn't say the words I needed to. 
I had come to Forrest for help. But I knew now that I couldn't ask that of him. Julian and Megan would know who had helped me. They would come after him to get to me. 
My friendship might cost him his life and I couldn't have that on my conscience. 
"I need to do it alone." Jumping up I took a step towards the door. "I'll wait in the car whilst you deal with your patients. I think it's best that he doesn't know I am here or what I might have heard." 
Forrest stepped into my path. Blocking the door. "No." He said firmly. "You are going to go and visit with Julian because people have seen you here and it's the right thing to do." He took a deep shaky breath. "And when we leave I am going to help you escape."
I began to shake my head , opening my mouth to tell him no and his hand came over it to silence me.
"No arguments, Cassie. I am helping you escape him."

 ###chapter 67
Julian 


I shifted away from Megan's bedside as a sudden wave of unease flooded my body. It prickled through my senses , making the hairs all of my body stand on end. Suddenly I was on edge. 
Suddenly I wanted to be away from Megan and her needy eyes and grabby hands. I'd had a similar feeling about 15 minutes ago but it has quickly passed. This time it was different and getting stronger by the second.
I didn't know what it was but-
A fresh wave of something washed over my body , and with it the sweetest scent I had ever smelt. Only that wasn't true I had smelt it before. Many months ago in a hospital like this one when a woman had saved my life and made love to me without me even seeing her face.
She was here. And so close that the smell of her tickled every one of my senses.
I glanced at Megan. Maybe she was the one after all. 
Just at that moment the door opened and Forrest appeared. A white coat over his thick woollen jumper but I barely acknowledged him. 
Cassie stepped in behind him. A strained smile on her face. Her eyes were red like she had been crying.
"Megan." Forrest nodded his head at the woman in the bed behind me first. "You're highness. You shouldn't be out of bed."
Ignoring him I turned to my wife fully. "What are you doing here?" I demanded.
For a moment she lifted her head and met my eyes and there was a flash of anger in the words of hers. She blinked and it disappeared in a second but I knew what I had seen.
"I heard the news and wanted to make sure you were ok." She dropped her eyes to her feet and scuffed one of them back and forth on the tile floor. "I can leave if you like and wait for-"
"Forrest?" I finished for her. Side eying the doctor who was talking to Megan in a hushed voice. 
"Where is your driver, Cassie?" I lowered my voice to a growl. But I already knew the answer to that. She has given him the slip. Which shouldn't surprise me at all. "God you make me crazy." I hissed making a grab for her arm I dragged her closer to my body.
Goddess she drove me insane.  No other woman in the history of our kind had ever made me madder. One look and Cassie could get under my skin and make me rage. Half the time I didn't even know whether I wanted to choke her or fuck her.
Most of the time it was both.
A wave of need flowed through me and my grip on my wife tightened. 
Cassie gave a little cry of protest.
"You're highness." Forrest's voice was sharp. A stark reminder that we aren't alone and I couldn't do what I wanted with my wife.
Plus Megan was watching.
Guiltily I stepped back and glanced at the woman who had just lost my child. I had promised to look after her and I was a man of my word.
I had made promises to my wife as well.
Shaking my head I stepped back again, glancing between them. The scent of my mate was gone now. But I knew what I had smelt.
She had been so close. 
My eyes fell on Megan and I smiled an apology.
"You're right I forgot myself in my pain. My apologies Cassie."
She didn't look at me, she just stood there with he arms wrapped around her middle and her eyes glued to the tile.
Like she was afraid to look at me.
"It's ok."
I frowned. She was being too submissive. Too quiet and very unlike herself. Something was going on with her and I didn't like it. It felt like she was afraid of me and cassie wasn't afraid of anything. 
Unless- only last night she had been kidnapped and assaulted. Of course she was scared.
"Thank you for coming." I said quietly. "It means a lot-"
A sob ripped its way from Megan's throat and I turned to her instantly. Moving around Forrest I perched on the edge of the bed and took her hand in mine. 
It didn't matter how much I was infuriated by Cassie, Megan had to be my priority now. She had been the one carrying my kid after all.
"I would like some time with Megan now." I met Cassies eyes and watched for a reaction. She didn't give any.
No surprise and no jealousy.
I was expecting at least jealousy but Cassies face showed absolutely no emotion at all. 
I didn't know how I felt about that. I liked torturing her. It was fun and -
My lips curled up in a smile as a cruel idea took root in my head. 
"Of course." She nodded her head in submission.  "I'll wait outside."
"Outside the door please Cassie." I ordered. "Until your drive arrives to take you home where you wil stay."
Why was I being cruel to her? Why did I enjoy it so much. I could feel Megan's happiness as well. Why did we all like making Cassiea life hell so much?
"Forrest can take me home."
"No he can't. I need my doctor here." I snapped back. "He needs to prepare for my discharge."
"Discharge your highness?" Forrest sounded confused.
"Yeah." I kept my eyes on my wife , gauging her reaction. "I need to go home , so I can get everything prepared."
"Prepared for what?" This time it was Cassie who spoke. 
"For Megan to come and live with me." I grinned and my grin only grew as the first flicker of surprise and horror tightened Cassies face.
"Your highness." Forrest stepped between us almost like he wanted to protect her from me. Which was stupid because as big and muscled as he was , Forrest was no match for me.
"You both need to be in hospital. With expert medical care."
Throwing back my head I laughed even though it caused agony to rip through me. "But we will have expert care. Cassie can be our Doctor."


###chapter 68
Cassie


I was boiling with rage and keeping it under the surface and out of my eyes was impossible so I did the only thing I could do and that was what Julian had ordered me to. I left Megan's room silently ,closing the door and falling into one of the plastic chairs that hugged the wall.
Rage was keeping me warm but I shivered anyway. Lifting my legs up so my chin could rest on my knees I screwed my eyes closed. Taking deep breath after deep breath until the rage subsided enough for me to swallow it down and lock it away so I could think straight.
Julian couldn't be serious? 
But I knew deep down that he was. He would insist that Megan came to live with us and he would demand I care for both of them. Like some kind of Cinderella story but the nightmare version.
It just cemented the need to escape in my mind and the sooner the better. If Forrest couldn't help me quick enough then I would just leave.
I'd discharge my mum and grab a train to the city where I could buy a car and really disappear. I couldn't get one here , Julian would be able to track me.
Would he track me though?
Now he had made his intentions towards Megan clear I wasn't sure. He might be happy to see me go.
Megan wouldn't though. She knew the precious cargo I was cradling inside my body and she knew if Julian knew he would never allow me to leave until he had punished me. And what if by some miracle the babies were his? They weren't but what if?
I wouldn't be able to escape. Ever.
So I had to get away. Tonight if possible. And if I had to keep running for the rest of my life then that's what I would do.
"Cassie?"
I jumped with a sceam. Whirling around to stare at the small nurse with wide terrified eyes. 
She held her hands up. "I'm so sorry I didn't mean to scare you. Ian is asking for you?"
"Ian?"
"Yes Beta Ian. He made me come out and get you." She gave a nervous chuckle. "Well demanded actually. I've never met such a stubborn pig headed man in my life."
I couldn't help it I laughed. "That he is. But I'll come and talk to him and don't worry I'm a doctor so I'll read him the riot act and make him behave."
Giggling, I followed her into the room next door. And somehow just laughing made me feel better. My life was such a mess recently , like some nightmarish soap opera. It was good to remember I was just a normal woman sometimes. 
"Ian." I swallowed down the gasp as I took stock of the tubes and wires that tethered Julian's second in command to what seemed like a dozen machines. He had been hurt badly. Really really badly.
Schooling my face I moved towards the bed and his eyes followed me as I approached.
"How are you feeling?"
"Like I've been hit by a truck." He rasped. "But how is -"
"Alive and kicking." I mumbled. "Megan as well."
"And her-" from his place flat on his back his eyes met mine. "The baby? Megan baby?"
I swallowed hard.  It was weird because it didn't feel like he was asking about Megan's baby at all. It felt like he knew my secret. Which was impossible because if Ian knew then he would have told Julian.
I shook my head. 
"Yeah that's what I thought." He said softly. 
I frowned. I didn't know what he meant by that.
"He doesn't know Cassie."
I blinked in shock. "He doesn't know what?"
Maybe it was all the drugs but Ian was talking in riddles. Ones I didn't have a hope of understanding.
"What's right in front of his face." 
"I don't know what you are talking about Ian." 
"Sure you don't because you are as blind as he is. Both of you are fools."
"What ever you are thinking your wrong. There is nothing between us. And now he wants Megan to move in-" I trailed off.
On the bed Ian sighed. "Sometimes Julian is spectacular but sometimes he is a fool. But you can't give up on him. You need to fight and make him see you-" A darkness swept across his face. "Oh fuck Cassie."
"What?" Shocked I forced myself to not show anymore emotion. If Ian for a second suspected I would run , then he would tell Julian.
"You're going to do something stupid aren't you?"
Shaking my head I laughed again. Only this time it wasn't a happy sound. It was full of self loathing. "No Ian I am doing something very very smart. I don't expect you to understand because your loyalty is to Julian."
"My-"
I cut him off. "My loyalty is also-"
He laughed and it was as unhappy as mine had been. "You smell like lies Cassie."
"And you smell like blood and disinfectant." I countered with a sneer which just made him laugh more. 
"You're a pretty amazing woman Cassie. I hope Julian sees that in time."
"I should get back out there." I rolled my eyes. "I'm under orders."
"It's not like you to do as you are told though Cassie. It's one of the things I like most about you."
I shrugged. "Maybe I've changed." Bending over I pressed my lips to his forehead. I don't know what made me do it but it felt right.  "I hope you feel better soon and-" I gave him a pointed look. "Stop giving the nurses a hard time. Do as you are told."
Ian met my eyes and shook his head. "No promises."
Shaking my head I walked out of the room. I didn't know Ian well but I liked him. 
"Miss excuse me." The nurse came rushing after me.  Something white clutched in her hand. "Beta Ian said you dropped this." She thrust the small white envelope into my hands.
I stared down at it. "It's not-" my words died on my lips as I looked down at it. I didn't know what it contained but I knew it was something important. Tearing it open I stared down into it. A scrap of paper and a key.
That was all.
Ian couldn't give me this himself because it would be treason but he was trying to help me escape as well.
Everyone was trying to get me away from Julian.


###chapter 69
Cassie


Back in the house that was meant to be my family home, I finally let myself feel all the emotions that I had been holding back. And I felt all of them. Sadness, rage.. the only one that was missing was happiness.
Glancing around the airy sun filled kitchen I felt tears prickle my eyes. This had never really been my home but I loved this room. I could have been happy living here and I knew it but not now.
 Not if Julian was bringing her here.
This would never be my home.
"You look so sad." From her place making some kind of cake to celebrate her princes homecoming Cathy paused. Her eyes on my stricken face. "What's wrong miss Cassie. Are you in pain?" Coming around the kitchen island she rushed towards me on her tiny feet. "Should I call a doctor?"
She was sweet because she was genuinely worried. It didn remind me that I had people who cared about me though and I needed that right now.
"I am a doctor." I reminded her. Taking a sip of the cup of tea she has made me which was now tepid at best. Cathy seemed to think everything could be fixed with a good ole cup of tea and I didn't have the courage to tell her that even the smell of it turned my stomach.
"And anyway what's wrong with me can't be fixed with any doctor." I sighed. Not a medical one anyway. Maybe a psychiatrist would help me find some sense in my jumbled thoughts and feelings. Because I sure as hell couldn't and I kept breaking down and letting the tears fall as well. 
Hormones. That's why I was crying all the time. It was my baby hormones.
"You just need to rest and -" Her nostrils flared as she took in a deep breath. "You smell different."
I swallowed down the lump in my throat. "It's because I feel sick." It was only half a lie , I was feeling queasy but that had everything to do with the cup of tea sitting on the table in front of me an and nothing to do with actually being ill. 
For a second Cathy stared at me, her head cocked to the side. "Are you sure that's all it is?"
"Of course." The lies just kept coming.
"You should have taken today to rest after your ordeal." Cathy admonished with a smile on her face. "I know that's what the master would have wanted but instead you went off galavanting and came back all exhausted. You should have done as you were told."
"I know." I didn't want to argue with her because I was just too exhausted. "And I'm sorry." Reaching out I squeezed her fingers. "I think I'm going to have an early night though. You don't mind, do you?"
"Of course not. But you don't want to wait for Julian to come home? He said it would be tonight and I know you are worried about him."
I fought back the urge to laugh at how ridiculous this all was but it was hard. Pushing myself away from the table I looked around again. The setting sun was filling the room with warm golden light and I wanted to remember it this way.
Because I could have been happy here.
I swayed where I stood. Instantly Cathy was there , holding me up by the elbow. "You really aren't well are you? Let's get you to bed so you can rest and I'll tell Julian where you are when he gets home."
I let her help me up the stairs and into Julian's room which was the master bedroom and I didn't have the energy to tell her that I shouldn't sleep there.
"And don't worry about preparing anything for Princes Julian's new guest. I'll have everything arranged and their room ready when they are ready to get out of the hospital."
I froze and stared down at Julian's giant bed. At my side my hand clenched into a fist. Luckily the old house keeper didn't see it.
"Megan." I muttered. "His guest is called Megan." I took a deep breath and held it. "And she won't need a room. She will sleep right here." I chin jerked towards the bed.
Cathy gasped. "No Cassie. You have it all wrong." She shook her head.
"No I don't." I turned to her. "I wish I did but I'm not."
"Julian would never betray the vows he made to you."
Vows? I almost laughed. We hadn't said any vows to each other. Our marriage was a contract. A piece of paper and nothing more. 
"He wouldn't do that to you." She sounded like a broken record.
"Megan was carrying his baby. Before the accident."
I watched as all her ideas about her prince were shattered into a million pieces and I hated that I had put that pain in her face.
"You're serious."
"Yes." Taking a deep breath I wrapped my arms around myself. "I'm going to sleep in my room."
"But the wallpaper-"
Ignoring her I walked towards my room. Last night the green wallpaper had been a trigger for me but  wallpaper seemed like the least of my concerns right now. 
"It's fine." I called over my shoulder. "Good night Cathy and thank you for everything you have done for me."
Not waiting for her reply I closed and locked the door behind me. Falling  face down onto my bed the second my knees hit the side of the bed. Something sharp dug into the side of my left breast. Groaning I rolled over to stare at the ceiling. Reaching into my bra I scooped out the key and note that Ian had sneaked to me. I stared at it. 
I didn't know what the numbers on the scrap of paper were. Not a phone number so my guess was map coordinates.
But was the key for? 
I doubted I had long to find out. Slipping them both into my pillow case I closed my eyes with another groan.
I needed to sleep , tomorrow I would have to deal with my cheating lying husband. 

###chapter 70
Julian 


"Where is Cassie?" 
Cathy glanced up at me as I was helped into the house and shrugged off my coat. The shoulders were damp from the short walk from the car to the house and it was making me chilly. 
"Welcome home master." She helped me , shaking out the coat and moving away to hang it up. It wasn't any different to any other time she had greeted me at the door but tonight it felt like she was dodging the question. Which meant my wife wasn't here.
At my side my hand clenched into a fist. It would just be Cassie all over if she wasn't here to take care of me like I needed. Like a wife should.
What kind of doctor was she?
A good kind, a small voice hissed at me. It was the same small that had been berating me all day. It sounded very much like my wolf. 
"I've made some soup for you and-"
"Where is my wife?" I asked again.
Cathy's lined eyes fluttered away before she answered. "She wasn't feeling well."
Flexing my fingers, my knuckles cracked. It sounded like an excuse and a pretty lame one at that but it didn't surprise me. Cassie had never really been the doting wife. I mean what kind of loving wife couldn't even be bothered to meet her husband after a car crash that had almost killed him. I'd got off pretty lucky and my wolf had already mostly healed me but it could have been worse.
For the others it had been worse. 
Both would be in the hospital for at least a few days to come. 
"She really shouldn't have been driving around after what happened yesterday. That kind of trauma." She shook her old head. "I think she was just in shock until she came back from seeing you at the hospital." Cathy met my eyes, something she rarely did. Instantly I felt like I was being chastised. Mainly because that's exactly what she was doing. Telling me off and making me feel guilty for thinking about myself when I should have given Cassie a thought.
"She was so pale and drawn and I have to be honest she felt-" a small pause. "Off. I really think she might be ill. Of course." Another glance in my direction. "You announcing you are bringing guests to come and stay is a little-  well it's bad timing don't you think."
I did think but I was stuck between a rock and hard place. I owed Megan more than I could ever repay because if it hadn't been for me she wouldn't have lost the baby but I realised that my cruelty to Cassie was unfounded at the same time. It wasn't even that I meant to make her life a misery. It just kind of happened. 
"So Cassie has gone to bed. I think she needs to sleep and regain her strength. To deal with your guest." She gave me a pointed look.
"Don't start Cathy." I murmured. Her look spoke volumes. She knew and was trying to make me feel guilt.
I already felt guilty enough.
"I didn't say a word, your highness. Will you want your dinner in the dining room or -?"
She may as well have given me the I'm not angry I'm just disappointed speech. "Neither but thank you for making it. I think I am just going to check on Cassie and get some sleep myself."
Wearily I trudged up the hairs. Moving as quietly as I could towards my room. I wanted to watch her sleep for a while. Weird as it was when I had just invited my "mistress" to live with us but sometimes watching Cassie gave me peace. When she was asleep anyway. When she was awake she got on my last nerve.
My room was empty. The bedspread pulled tight and increased. There was no Cassie shaped lump under those blankets.
Confused I glanced around. If she wasn't here in my bed then where would she be? I had seen the panic in her face last night in her own room.
Retracing my steps I opened her door as quietly as I could and peered inside and there she was. Curled up in a small ball with her back to me. Her body was shaking, whole body tremors that had nothing to do with the cold and everything to do with fear.
She was afraid but she had forced herself to sleep in this room anyway and those fears were so strong that they invaded her sleep.
Guilt ripped through me. 
She needed me.
So did Megan.
It felt like I was being torn in two.
But tonight I would do what I could to help my wife because I knew going forward her life would not be easy. 
For either of us.
Stepping into the room I closed the door softly behind me and started to strip down to my boxers.
Slipping under the heavy comforter I curled my body around hers. Keeping my arms loose so she wouldn't freak out and closed my eyes.
Almost instantly all the stress left my body.
Like magic.
Like this was exactly where I needed to be.
Holding my wife as she slept soothed my soul to its core. And it made me happy.
Holding her, feeling her body pressed against mine made me so unbelievably happy that it was hard to comprehend what I was feeling because I had never felt this kind of contentment before.
In my arms Cassie's body stopped shaking, a deep sigh escaped her lips as she relaxed in her sleep and my arms tightened around her even more. I pulled her body more snugly into mine.
There was a second where I just held her and then Cassie twisted in my arms. Curling her body over mine so I could feel her breasts pushing against my side.
And it was even better than before because now she was holding on to me like a life raft and I kind of needed that right now. 
To be held.
"Huh?"
"Sssh it's ok." I smoothed my hand down her hair as she groggily came awake and stared up at me with sleepy eyes. The look on her face was the sweetest I had ever seen.
"Julian?"

###chapter 71
Cassie


"Julian?" I whispered again. My voice ragged. I was sure it was him but I couldn't be one hundred percent sure because I'd been dreaming of him. A nice calming dream where we were happy. All four of us because he had taken on the twins as his own.
I didn't know when the dream had shifted but suddenly I was awake or at least I thought I was and I was lying in his arms and staring up into his gentle eyes. 
They were so gentle. So like the Julian in my dreams that I surged upwards. Smashing my lips against his.
I didn't know what made me do it. All I knew was that I wanted to kiss him more than anything. Somehow it felt important.
After a second , his mouth moved under mine. Opening so he could tease at my bottom lip. Julian's hands moved me further up the bed so I was half over him.
"Cassie." Sliding his hand under my tangled hair he deepened the kiss further. And each one of our mingled breaths felt like a soul connection. Never before in my life had I been kissed like this or felt a need like this.
I wanted more although want didn't quite cover it. I needed more. And so did he. I could feel it in the way his other hand trembled as it traced up my spine.
Passion overtook me. Not lust. This felt different to the other times we had been together. Making love to Julian had always been a battle of wills where I ended up surrendering but this was different. 
"Ohh." I moaned as his tongue lapped against mine. Sending shockwaves through my body.
I rolled on top of him. My legs straddling his narrow hips and plunged my tongue into his mouth. My hair falling like a matted waterfall on either side of my face to hide us from view. Not that anyone was out there watching us.
We were alone. Alone in our own little bubble of pure pleasure and kissing him was a pleasure I hadn't realised existed.
It was so much - more.
It reminded me of the night I had been married. The passion was out of this world.
Julian's hand settled on my hips and squeezed. All my thoughts scattered as he continued to curl his fingers into the flesh of my hips. 
My pussy throbbed in time with his hands. Greedy to be filled by him. 
Ripping my mouth from his, I straightened. My fingers trembling as I caught the hem of the overgrown tee i was wearing and dragged it over my body. Throwing it away into the darkness to lay forgetten somewhere in the room.
Flat on his back Julian's eyes widened and then blazed into life. He took me in slowly. Letting those almost wolf eyes travel down over my now naked body. They swept back up, lingering on my breasts before meeting my eyes again.
His lips parted and a sigh escaped them. 
"Touch me."
For a second he looked confused and then he reached for me. His two massive hands covering my tits and squeezing. Instantly my back arched, my long hair falling down between my shoulder blades.
Why did his hands on me feel so right? I hated him with every fibre of my being and yet being touched by him felt like heaven on earth.
Keeping my back arched I began to rock against the hard like of his cock. It was safely confined in his tight boxers and I hated that. I wanted to feel it slide between my wet lips before I sank down on to it.
"Don't." He groaned as I rocked harder, palming my tits Julian reached up and captured my lips with his again. 
All thoughts evaporated as we kissed. There was nothing but me and him and the building pleasure. "Don't stop." He groaned against my lips.
I smiled against his mouth before another moan ripped from me. I hadn't planned on stopping. In fact I planned on taking this further. 
Because as nice as this was, I needed more and so did he.
One nip on my bottom lip and his mouth moved across my jaw and tickled down my throat. Squeezing my breasts together he lathered kisses all over them. 
His thumbs brushed against my nipples over and over again in agonising circles.
"I want to taste you." He said and then bit down on the swell of my breast hard enough to hurt but not hard enough to draw blood. "Can I taste you?"
Goddess I wanted that.
But I didn't want to stop sliding against his cock either. It felt so good. 
Not waiting for me to answer he hooked me around the waist and lifted me higher up his body. His mouth closed around one straining nipple and sucked hard.
Stars burst into life behind my closed eyes and I moaned loudly. A wanton needy sound that mingled with his groan of need and made my pussy weep.
"Grind that pussy against me Cassie."
I flexed my hips.
"Mmmm." Moving his mouth to my other nipple he licked it into an ever harder point. Swirling the tip of his tongue around and around it. "Let me taste you." He growled again, closing his mouth over it and again biting down.
"Grind that leaking pussy against me Cassie." He came off of my breast with a wet pop. "Grind it against my face and let me taste you."
I paused. Unsure if I had heard him right. It wasn't that I was inexperienced because I wasn't. But doing what Julian asked was different. It was intimate. And it would put me in charge of him. 
"I need you to ride my face Cassie." Julian groaned again and there was so much need in his voice that I almost cum on the spot. 
"I need to taste you and have you all over my face." His eyes met mine. "I need you."

###chapter 72
Julian 


I didn't know what any of this meant, all I knew was that her on top of me was everything and not only because I was horny as I had ever been either because it was more than that.
This wasn't just lust like it had been before.  All the other times we had come together in the battle of our bodies it had been me who took control and even though I was in control now. It was Cassie herself that was in the dominant position. Her small body pinning mine down willingly and it was like heaven on earth. 
We both needed this I realised. Maybe it was what we had always needed but then again sex between us had always been mind blowing for me.  For her as well because I had felt her cum around my cock every time but it wasn't this-
This was different.
I lapped at her nipple. Drawing it out tall and tight with my tongue and she moaned again. Her back arched as she thrust her breast further into my mouth. Teasing me until I had no choice but to suck it hard into my mouth greedily. 
Goddess she was amazing. 
I loved the taste of her. How sweet but smoky she tasted like slightly burnt marshmallows. All woody sweetness.
I wanted to taste more of her. I needed the wetness of her pussy against my lips so I could tongue fuck her before I plunged my dick into her and fucked her with that. 
Having her wet slit on my tongue was all I could think of suddenly. I wanted to eat her up and have her scent and juices all over my face so I could smell it on me for days to come.
Biting her nipple I pushed her away. Yanking her up my body until her legs were pushed up by shoulders. Pain ripped through me from my injured shoulder but I didn't care. What was a little pain for the pleasure I was about to get.
Staring upwards , I waited until she looked down at me. Her eyes hooded and lust filled. 
Goddess she looked beautiful like that. It was a sight I would never get sick off. Never in a million years.
The thought was sobering.
"Julian?"
I blinked up at her. "Sit on my face Cassie. Hold onto the headboard and ride against my tongue." I slid down under her. So my face was just an inch from her swollen flesh and sucked in breath after breath of her sweet smoky scent.
"Fuck my face." Taking a hold of her thighs I forced her down onto me. My tongue plunged into her as far as it would go , my nose nudged at her clit. 
She gave a little scream. A cry of pure pleasure and reaching out took a hold of the headboard. Cassie began to move slowly at first. Every one of her movements was a little timid but it didn't last long. She rocked against me. Slowly at first, letting me explore every inch of her pussy with my tongue and then faster and faster until I knew she was losing control. 
And  I almost cum in my boxers like a virgin because watching her lose control above me was the most erotic thing I had ever witnessed in my entire life.
Reaching upwards I gripped her hips. Trying to slow her down without her losing her rhythm. Not because I didn't want her to cum because I did. More than anything I wanted that sweet taste in my mouth but I wanted to stop myself cumming and my lack of control was making that more and more likely.
She looked down at me. Her eyes blazing. Cassies lips pulled back from her teeth and she growled.
My annoying little wife growled at me. 
Grinning against her throbbing pussy I flicked my tongue against her clit. Hard and fast until her growls turned into something more.
She slammed forward, rubbing against me furiously and with a scream that seemed to shake the windows cum hard. Her juices flowed into my mouth. Sticky and tangy and perfect. They filled my mouth, coated my lips and my tongue and my chin with her deliciousness. I nipped and sucked and bit her. Every part of her trembling pussy and thighs that I could reach I touched with my lips.
And it still wasn't enough. 
With  one final groan, her thighs still clamped around my head she fell forward. 
"Mmm you taste like marshmallows my love." I murmured as I licked my lips.
"Goddess." She was panting , sucking in breaths like a drowning person. And each rasping breath was like music to my ears.
"Perfect?" Smoothing my hands down her thighs I moved from under her. Pulling her back down my body so we were face to face.
My lips searched for hers. My kisses were gentle. Soft , but eager. And Cassie met every kiss of mine with one of her own.
She was spent. I could see it in her face. Her body was completely relaxed.
Pride filled my chest.
I had done that. Satisfied her completely and I had done it without any thought of my own pleasure because if I was honest with myself that hadn't even crossed my mind.
For one night I wanted to be a good husband to her. One night because -
My eyes flew open. Searching her face I found her smiling down at me.
"You don't want to sleep?" I asked through gritted teeth. "I thought you were tired?" Cocking my head to the side I watched her smile grow mischievous.
The fingers she had been sliding down my naked chest came to a stop at the waistband of my boxers. Just dipping inside enough for me to hold my breath with anticipation.
"I don't want to sleep." She bit her lip. "I want to do this." Plunging her hand into my boxers she curled her fist around my straining cock. Right at the base and squeezed.
My eyes rolled back into my head.
"Unless you want me to stop?"


###chapter 73
Cassie


"No." Julian growled out and I blinked down at him in shock. No? I hadn't been expecting that. The hand I had curled around the wide base of his shaft loosened but I didn't want to.
I just hadn't factored in the fact he might reject me now after what had just happened and yet here he was surprising me again. 
Julian always did that. He took my power away without even trying and I hated him for that but tonight had felt different.
Not loving but close. Like we finally understood each other and yet here he was rejecting me. And the pain of it stung, I hadn't expected it to hurt as much as it did.
"Don't stop." He growled out under me. Instantly my hand closed around me. Moving up and down in a slow almost lazy way that made his eyes roll back into his head over and over again. Julian's full lips parted in a half sigh that made fresh moisture pool between the apex of my thighs.
My core clenched as his thick corded cock throbbed into my hand. Pulsing against my palm. Saliva filled my mouth as the overwhelming urge to taste him like he had just tasted me filled me.
I wanted that. I wanted to give him the same pleasure as he had given me and taste him exploding on my tongue.
Licking at my lips I bent and pressed them into the crook of his neck. Kissing downwards and moving my fist over his cock at the same time.
Julian had the most amazing body. All hard lines , hills and valleys for my tongue to explore and his skin tasted like candy apples.
Strange that I had never realised before. 
Julian tasted like all the happy things. He smelt like it as well.
Flicking my eyes up I met his and slid the waistband of his boxer over his hips. Licking my lips as I did so. I wanted him to know what I was about to do to him.  I didn't want there to be any misunderstanding that I was going to wrap my lips around him just like my hand had been around him.
His wuss widened. More than a little of a wolf looking down at me and the tip of his tongue came out to wet his lip.
"No." He shook his head.
"No?" Shocked, I froze in place. 
"Not that." A smile tilted up the corner of his mouth. "You don't want me to?" I pushed down his boxers the last few inches and his thick heavy cock sprang free. Teasingly close to my lips. So close that I could lick it if I wanted to. I could trace every vein that threaded it before taking it deep into my mouth and sucking it hard.
I flicked my tongue over the edge, lapping up the bead of precum so I could taste him. It exploded in my mouth. Too much goodness, too much deliciousness.
He groaned, his hips thrusting upwards but before I could do anything else he caught my long hair in his fist and yanked my head away.
"I said no." He growled out before softening his voice. "I'm going to last exactly three seconds if I let you suck me Cassie. Maybe less." The corner of his mouth twitched. "Plus I want to kiss those lips. Bring them to me." He ordered.
Climbing up his body my mouth found his again. Our kiss one of ownership and passion. And need and something I couldn't put into words.
Between our bodies his cock throbbed. And I needed it. Goddess I needed it.
Rubbing my pussy against it felt amazing but not as good as it would feel inside of me. Angling my hips I felt the thick head push against my opening.
"Fuck." He ripped his mouth away from mine. His eyes blazing as I speared myself slowly onto his cock. Straightening until I was seated fully on him.
"Fuck Cassie." Both of his hands fell on my hips. "You feel amazing."
This did feel amazing. The stinging stretch was there because he was so big but I was wet enough for him. There was no pain, only a mounting pleasure.
"Fuck me beautiful." He snarled but my body was already moving. Slowly lifting and falling over his. "Fuck me hard. Fuck me like you -"
My speed increased, my hips rolled and i fell forward. Greedily finding his lips with mine so I could kiss him as we fucked.
Our bodies came together hard. Flesh slapping together with a gorgeous wet sound and the music of our mingled panting breaths and moans filling the air.
I'd never felt anything like it because it actually felt like magic. Like us coming together was the birth of new stars in the sky.
It was a crazy thought but one that stuck with me as we moved together. Both of us racing towards something that was so much more than pleasure. Soon we would cum and-
"Cassie-" Julian roared. Reaching for my clit he squeezed it between his thumb and forefinger. Fireworks erupted behind my closed eyes and they were so bright they blinded me and forced my eyes open.
"Cum for me baby. Cum now so I can let go." He thrush upwards. Pushing his cock inside my pussy as far as it would go.
I came apart screaming. My nails raked down his chest. Leaving bright red ribbons down the tanned muscles. And still I kept coming.
"Fuck baby." Still rooted deep inside of me, he flipped me onto my back. Lifting my knee over his hip he ploughed forward mercilessly. "Your pussy grips me so perfectly. I -"
One last thrust and a shiver ran through his body. Tightening his muscles. Deep inside of me his hard cock throbbed and then spilled hot thick cum inside of me.
"Mmm." Falling on top of me , he caught himself on his elbows. "That was mind blowing. It was." Sliding from my body he rolled onto his side and ran his fingers down over my stomach.
"It was nice. But-"
Julian's eyebrows lifted. "No buts it was more than nice Cassie. And do you know what?" His hand came down between my thighs. His fingers traced down my cunt where his cum was leaking out of me. "I don't even care that I cum in you. Maybe I put a baby in you tonight?"
I turned my face away. If only he knew.
If only he knew the truth.

###chapter 74
Cassie


Rinsing the shampoo out of the hair in the shower the next morning I took stock of my body. All in all I felt good. Real good actually. Yes there was a delicious sort of ache between my legs. The kind of ache that comes from making love over and over again. Which was exactly what had happened. 
It was like Julian suddenly couldn't get enough of me and goddess that was fine by me because I couldn't get enough of him either. 
Last night had been filled with pleasure and if I was honest with myself I felt happier than I had felt in a long time. It was almost like we had crossed a line. Maybe just maybe we could be an actual man and wife and stop fighting all the time.
Stepping out of the shower I wrapped one of his giant fluffy towels around myself and with one glance in the mirror at my swollen lips I made my way back to his bedroom.
"Do you want to have breakfast downstairs or shall we have it here-" seductively I leant against the doorframe , a teasing smile on my face. "So we can-"
The words died on my lips. 
He was sat on the bed. Fully dressed and was staring straight ahead with his phone pressed to his ear. Lifting a finger he silenced me and went back to his conversation.
"Yes I understand. Of course I'll come and get you personally. We will-"
My heart sank. It didn't take a rocket scientist to know he was talking to Megan.
The bliss from last night vanished , leaving a cold empty feeling in its stead. I'd been a fool to think last night had made any kind of difference in our relationship.  A romantic fool.
Julian was my husband but Megan was the one he had chosen. And I was a fool to think that would ever change.
Our love making didn't make an ounce of difference because he was still in love with someone else and I was still carrying someone else's baby. There was no hope for us. 
Hell the only hope for me and my family was if I escaped him. And ran far far away.
My eyes travelled passed him to the strewn about pillows. I swallowed hard. Hopefully I could get to the key and note I had hidden in them before Cathy came in to clean up.
"Cassie."
I jumped at the sound of my name. "Sorry." I moved around the bed. Maybe if I was sneaky I could slip it out right in front of him. "I didn't mean to -"
"Cassie wait." He hand lashed out to curl around my wrist and stop me in my tracks. He tugged me towards him, until I was pressed up against his knees. 
My heart skipped a beat to be that close to him again. 
"That was Megan." He said quietly.
"I guessed." I said in a clipped tone and his eyes widened.
"She's being discharged today."
"Ok." I tried to ignore the hand that was crawling from my wrist to close around my hip. "I wanted to talk to you about that."
I swallowed hard. "I don't know if there's anything to discuss Julian. You are the crown prince and this is your house. You can have anyone you want staying with you. And it's not like-" I trailed off and looked away. 
"It is your home as well Cassie but I owe Megan some care after what happened to her because of me. I hope you understand that." His fingers flexed. "I want you to know that-" it was his turn to swallow hard enough that I heard it. "It doesn't need to change anything  between us." He sighed.  "Last night was amazing and of course I need to make sure your not pregnant." His eyes darkened. "So nothing has to change. We can learn to live together happily I'm sure."
I wanted to slap him or better yet close my fist and punch him straight in his face. It changed everything between us and he was a fool to think otherwise. He couldn't have his wife and his mistress under one roof and expect everyone to be ok with that.
And he didn't have to worry about me falling pregnant because there was absolutely zero chance of that happening. 
"It will take work and compromise." He read my silence as acceptance but then Julian was a damn fool. And blind to what was right in front of his face.
"Yes it will." I whispered.
"I'm glad you agree Cassie. I like this side of you. You're beautiful when your -"
My stomach rumbled loudly. Cutting off whatever stupid words he was going to say next.
"You're hungry?" He asked searching my face and I nodded mutely.
"Then I will ask Cathy to prepare some food for us?" His voice dropped an octave. "Would you have breakfast with me?"
He was being sweet again. Sweet and kind and loving and like the husband I had always wanted. But it was too late. Today he would bring his whore into our home and expect me to be ok with it. So today would be the day I left him.
It had to be today. There was no other choice.
"What are your plans for today?" He asked suddenly.
"I'm  well." I stuttered. The question had taken me by surprise. "I want to go to the gym after work." I lied quickly. "I've let my fitness slip recently and I want to be fit and healthy. And then I might read and go and visit my mother."
"That makes sense. I'm looking forward to finally meeting her. But anyway. Get dressed and join me for breakfast. I'll wait for you downstairs." Standing up he kissed my lips fleetingly.
"Sure." I forced myself to smile. "I'll be down in a few minutes to have breakfast with you Julian."
One last meal with my husband before I left him forever.




###chapter 75
Julian


I moved around Megan's hospital room. Gathering up her things and putting them in the small suitcase I had brought for the job but my mind wasn't in the room.
It was with Cassie. How she had felt and tasted last night and how she had looked this morning as we had eaten together. The way she had smiled and laughed when I was looking but the sadness that had filled her eyes when she thought I wasn't.
I knew I was the reason she was sad and I kind of hated that but what choice did I have?  I owed Megan. She would have been the mother of my unborn child if I hadn't forced her to meet me. And I wasn't sure if she was my mate or not. 
All the stories I had heard said that you knew when you came upon your fated mate and that night in the hospital when I had made love to am the mysterious woman who had felt so much like home.
Cassie had kind of felt like that last night. And I wasn't sure how I had missed it before because it wasn't the first time we had been intimate. Maybe it had something to do with how we had come together?  Cause last night had been love making and not just a wham bam thank you ma'am. 
And the memories were so vivid that I could almost feel her soft skin against mine as she fell asleep completely sated in my arms.
"You stink of her."
Megan's snarling whine brought me back to reality with a bump. I looked around the sterile hospital room and my lungs were filled with the stench of cleaning products. It was all too sterile, there was nothing sweet about it. Nothing that reminded me of my wife.
Turning towards the bed I walked up to the wanna be mother of my pups. Towering over her. I had promised Megan I would look after her but she had to start learning her place. She wasn't my equal, she wasn't my wife and - I sucked in a breath. Megan's scent was nice , like an expensive perfume but it wasn't sweet.
It wasn't right.
She wasn't my mate. Of that I was sure but -
"Her smell is all over your skin Julian." She wailed again. "You were with her wasn't you." Her fingers turned into claws that she raked down my chest in a tantrum. I winced back and her eyes flashed. Tugging up the shirt she stared open mouthed at the long scratch marks Cassie had left on me last night in the throes of passion.
"You fucked her."
Grabbing her hands I forced them back to her sides with a snarl.
Yes Megan really needed to learn her place if she wanted me to look after her. 
"I made love to my wife." I said firmly. "She is my wife." Before I could stop myself I licked at my lips. If I concentrated hard enough I could still taste her.
Below me, her legs swinging off the hospital bed Megan glared at me.
"I was laying here, losing your baby and you were getting your dick wet in some -"
My control snapped. I had promises and they were promises I wanted to keep but Megan would not be allowed to speak to Cassie like that. Or about her.
Stepping back I let my wolfs growl lower my voice. "That is enough Megan. You will not speak to Cassie with anything but respect. She is my wife and you are coming to live in her house. You are the guest. You are not my Luna."
Her eyes widened. "What am I then Julian?" She countered. "You said you cared about me. That night in the hospital I thought ." She gave a little shrug. "Well I thought our connection was special. Obviously it wasn't for you."
The person I'd connected with in the hospital had been special. But I was pretty sure that person wasn't Megan. 
And if it wasn't Megan then she hadn't been carrying my baby at all. My eyes narrowed into slits. 
Was she even pregnant? Or was this some wierd plan to trap me. 
Why would she try and do that? She knew I was married. Not happily most of the time but it was a contract I wouldn't be able to get out of.  Not without repercussions anyway.
She must realise that she could never win.
"Pack up your things Megan and get ready to leave." I took a step back and moved towards the door.
"You're not going to help me. I've just-"
Whirling around I stopped her moaning with a sharp look. "I am going to visit with my beta." I had been to see Ian for a while yesterday and he had looked lousy. Troubled and in pain. But I hadn't seen him at all today and I needed to because I wanted his advice about this whole situation.
Ian always knew what was best. He always knew everything that was going on around us. It was his job. He would be able to find out what Megan's deal was and who the woman in the hospital was.
Forget the woman in the hospital, my wolf seemed to hiss. The woman we want it not in any hospital. She's at home waiting for us.
I closed my eyes as the memories of Cassie's lips flooded me. I liked her I really did but I wanted to find the woman who might be my mate as well.
Ian would be able to find out what I needed him to as soon as he got back on his feet and me-
I would just have to deal with living with both my wife and the woman who wanted to be my mistress until he did and I could decide what was the best thing to do.
Knocking once I pushed into his room. Ian didn't look surprised to see me in the slightest. It was almost like he had been expecting me.
 "I need your help."




###chapter 76
Julian 


I watched Megan closely as she gazed around the lavish hallway of my home and something about the way she smiled at everything made me uncomfortable. She looked every bit like the cat who had got the cream. But of course she did. She was here in my home. In Cassie's home. Megan would take it as a win.
She had won because by bringing her here I had given the whole world a clear message. One that told everyone that Megan was important to me. More important than Cassie who no one knew I was married too.
Frowning I felt the start of a headache begin to form. It had been brewing since my brief conversation with Ian. Mostly because of the looks he had been throwing my way. He didn't approve of what I was doing. That much was obvious but he wouldn't say anything out loud. He was, however going to try and help me find out the truth.
If Megan had been lying all this time, then no one would blame me for kicking her out of my home and banishing her but if she wasn't lying?
I side eyed her as she ran her hands over one of the marble side table. There was something on it , something gold. She fingered it slightly before picking it up and turning it around and around in her hands.
"This is beautiful." She turned to me with her eyes shining. "Is it for me?" Without waiting for permission she slipped it onto her finger.  Holding her hand up to show me. "It's a little tight but we can get it resized right?"
My eyes settled on the plain gold band dotted with tiny moonstones . I recognised it straight away. It was Cassies. It was strange that she had left it in the foyer because she usually wore it on her ring finger. 
In fact I had never seen her without it.
"Cathy." I called out. 
My elderly housekeeper arrived at the end of the hallway. "Oh Julian. You are back." Wiping her hands on her apron she approached. 
Frowning I stared at her. She was acting like she had just realised when in reality I knew she had known the second I had pulled into the drive way.
"How is Ian?"
"He's fine. He sends his love. Cathy." I stepped back and Megan sidled up to me. "I would like to introduce you to Megan. Megan this is Cathy. She runs my house for me and is a dear family friend and mentor."
Megan thrust out her hand. For a second Cathy just stared at it. A sneer curling up her top lip. "Is that my mistress's ring?"
Megan's whole body went rigid.  Glaring between the two of us she tore the ring from her finger. "It's Cassies?" She rounded on me. "You tried to give me your wife's jewellery?"
I opened my mouth to tell her that I hadn't given her it at all and that she had just taken it without asking but Cathy cut in.
"Anyway. You are welcome here. I've made up a room for you and if there's anything you want me to prepare just let me know. Julian wants you to be comfortable here. After your ordeal. I'm sure you will be back on your feet and back to your own life very soon."
Arching a brow in shock, I waited for her to continue.
"I've prepared supper but I wasn't sure if you wanted to wait." Her eyes met mine. "I made -"
"I'm starving." Megan said theatrically rubbing at her stomach. "What is for dinner."
Slowly Cathy's eyes turned to her. And I had never seen such a dismissive look on her face befor. The animosity in her lined face was clear. Never in all the years I had known Cathy had I seen her so hostile.
"Lamb."
"Beautiful." I murmured.
"Well I'm not the biggest fan on lamb but I'll eat it this once as you've worked so hard." Megan cut in and I frowned. Why the hell was she acting like the mistress of this house? It was like now she had her feet through the door she thought she was in charge.
"Thank you Cathy." I cut in. "We will eat. Would you kindly tell Cassie that we are about to eat or is she -"
A line appeared between Cathy's eyebrows. "Miss Cassie isn't back yet?"
Suddenly uncomfortable, a weird sinking feel opened up in my stomach. "She's not?" Glancing at my watch I drowned more. "Have you seen her today at all?" 
I didn't like this. I didn't like this one bit. More than likely I was overreacting. She had told me she had plans today but there was a feeling- a sense of dread in my gut that I couldn't shake off.
"What time did she leave?"
"Just after you Julian." Cathy's eyebrows knotted together as the dread filled her as well. "She had her gym bag and went with her driver. He-"
I was already pulling my phone out of my pocket. "This is Julian. Can you pass on a message to Cassie. She's in room-" I paused. "What do you mean she's not there?"
"No one has seen Cassie since this morning. She discharged her mother and said she was going to take her home." The voice on the other end of the line said matter of factly.  "That was a little after nine this morning. Have they not arrived?"
"No they haven't." Pinching the skin between my eyebrows. I ended the call without saying another word. If Cassie had been at the hospital at nine then she hadn't gone to work or to the gym. She had simply gone to her mother and -
Disappeared.
But had she disappeared on her own or had my wife again been kidnapped. And where the hell was her security.  I dialled his number next and it rang off.
The pit in my stomach opened into a chasm. 
Something was wrong. Really really wrong and I couldn't help but feel that yet again it was all my fault.
"Master, what is wrong?" Cathy asked.
"Julian." Megan reached for my arm. "I'm sure she's just out doing what Cassie does. Can we eat? I'm faint with hunger."
I barely looked at her. "Cathy, can you make my guest company? I need to make a few calls."
I walked up the stairs without looking back.
Where the hell was my wife?

###chapter 77
Cassie


"Where are we going Cassie." From the passenger side seat my mothers eyes glued themselves to my face. It wasn't the first time she had asked and it wouldn't be the first time I was going to ignore the question.
It wasn't like I could answer her truthfully anyway because I didn't know. I had worked out the coordinates scribbled on that note and it was several hundred miles away. I wasn't sure I should go there. Ian was Julian's beta and he had given me the key and the coordinates. It could be a trap. He could tell Julian where I was.
I didn't think so though. For some reason I trusted him. I didn't know why he was helping me or what lay ahead when we got there but I had to believe it was something that would help me.
Had to, otherwise what was the point of heading that way.
Hell what was the point of any of this? The chances of me actually escaping were next to nothing. 
They were less than nothing. Julian might not want me but that didn't mean he would allow me to leave him. Instead he expected me to share him with a woman who hated my guts.
Megan, my lips pulled back from my teeth in a silent snarl and my knuckles turned white I gripped the steering wheel so tightly. I didn't know why Megan hated me so much but deep down I knew she always had. From the moment we had started working together. It was like she was jealous. Which was just stupid because my life was miserable. Anything good in my life always got ripped away from me. Recently by her.
"Cassie." My mothers voice was shrill enough to make me come back to reality with a bump. Not that reality was any better than my nightmares either. 
Sighing, I forced my hands to release the steering wheel for a second. It wouldn't do any good if I broke the car and lost control of it. 
"Cassie where are we going? This isn't the way to your house."
Sighing again my shoulders slumped. "We aren't going to Julian's house."
I knew she was frowning, I didn't need to turn to see it. "You have got me a house out of town?" There was hurt in her voice and it broke my heart.
"What- no mum. Of course not." Reaching out with one hand I took hers and squeezed. "We are going together."
"Then where are we going?"
"Home." I muttered. "I just don't know where that is yet." I admitted in a whisper.
Her startled hissing intake of breath filled the car with her shock. "You're leaving Julian?"
I counted to ten , my eyes glued to the road ahead as the rain pelted down on the cars in front of us. It was such a dull and dreary day. Wet and miserable which was kind of fitting. 
"Cassie Marie-" my mothers voice was rising. It reminded me of her how she used to sound before she had got ill and fallen into her coma. When she used to tell me off. 
"You can't seriously be leave Prince Julian. He's going to be King. You would be queen-" she trailed off.
"I don't want to be queen mum." I snapped back. "I am not a child who wants to be a princess and a man to look after her. I want to be happy. And free-"
"Julian doesn't make you happy?" 
"We make each other miserable. He's taken everything from me and given it to -" it was my turn to fall silent. "It doesn't matter." Shaking my head I went back to concentrating on the road. Talking about it wouldn't make any difference. 
"Megan." She whispered. "There were rumours , I heard the nurses talking. Is she-"
"Sleeping with my husband?" I arched my eyebrow. "Yeah. They were pregnant."
"Oh Cassie." A sob ripped its way out of her throat.  She was crying for me . Or maybe she was partly crying for herself. I didn't want to believe it but maybe she wanted me to marry Julian just as much as my dad did. I loved my mum but I didn't  really know what kind of woman she was.
"I'm so sorry. Men are pigs but are you sure-"
My eyes snapped in her direction. "He's moving her into our home. Not that it was ever my home. I just lived there. So no-" I snapped . "There's no hope for us now. So I'm going to drive for another few hours and then we are dumping this cat and buying another. And we will be back on the road. I'm hoping-"
"You can't drive all night Cassie. Why don't we just wait for Julian to explain what he is thinking? Everyone tells me he's kind and charming."
Throwing back my head I boomed out a sarcastic laugh. "Yes to everyone but me. I won't wait for Julian and I can't go back."
"Where is your driver?" My mother hissed.
"Oh I drugged him and shoved him in a cupboard. He will be fine. He's probably already awake and that means Julian will be after me. We can't stop. We have to keep driving."
"Cassie be reasonable."
"Megan tried to hurt me, mum. And she's not going to stop until she has succeeded." I gave a small shrug. "So she can have my life because she's so desperate for it. She has my dream job and she is welcome to my husband. I don't need either." I took a deep breath. "My family is the only thing I need. Me, you." I side eyed her. "The babies."
At first she just looked at me blankly and then her mouth fell open. Her head swivelled in my direction. "You're having a baby?" Her mouth was swinging open.
"I'm having babies. Two to be precise." I held up two fingers. "And Megan already tried to hurt them. So I will keep driving, hell I'll run if I need to but I won't ever go back."
"Cassie, Julian has the right to know if -"
I cut her off with a growl. "No he doesn't. They aren't his."

 ###chapter 78
Julian 


"Where was he?" I paced back and forth as the man who was head of my security watched me through his eyelashes.  Usually I wouldn't trust anything this important to him but Ian wasn't available. No matter how much I needed him to be. 
"Currently he's being checked out."
Whirling on him I froze. My eyebrows arching. "What do you mean?"
Slowly he lifted his eyes to meet mine. "She drugged him alpha. Tied him up and left him in a locked store cupboard. We only found him because a janitor needed something. It looks like he's been there for a few hours." He went back to looking at his feet. 
"She drugged him?" I didn't want to believe that Cassie was capable of such a thing but part of me did. She had the access to the drugs she needed to do and Cassie was a determined woman. The only thing I didn't really understand was why?
Why drug and tie up the man who was there to protect her. Why discharge her mother and not come home to somewhere it was safe.
"His car is gone. There's some cctv footage of it leaving the hospital and I have men looking at the cameras around town. We will find it."
"The Car." A new voice snapped from the doorway. "Is in Clarkson."
I turned to find Ian standing there. Leaning heavily on the door frame his face was pale grey with the strain of being on his feet too soon. 
"Ian." Rushing forward I took his arm and helped him into the nearest seat. "What the hell are you doing out of the hospital?"
"I'm fine Julian. You fuss like a woman." He grinned but there was pain in her eyes that he couldn't hide. "Plus I knew you would need my help."
"We could have managed it."
"You guys are skilled but I am the one who out the tracker in her car." He said quietly. 
I blinked at him in shock. "You did what?" I turned to him in shock.
"I put a tracker in the cars I thought she might take. I didn't make a big deal about it because I knew you would agree that keeping her safe was paramount."
"It is." I said gruffly. From the corner , forgotten because truthfully if I could kick her out I would Megan bristled. I didn't even know why she was insisting to be in my office for this meeting. It wasn't like she cared about Cassie's safety.
"Do you think they were kidnapped?"
"No." He said and that one word hit me like a freight train. I stumbled backwards like it had been a physical blow. Taking several deep breaths I turned to him.  "What do you mean no?"
He didn't answer me.
I wanted to shake him until he told me but he had already put his health at risk discharging himself from the hospital before his broken body was mended. And me losing my temper would make things worse without actually helping my situation.
"Ian?"
"I think she run." He said simply. 
"She wouldn't-" The anger that bubbled up in my chest was overwhelming. "She wouldn't dare, the contact and-"
Ian threw his head back and laughed and it was a sarcastic mirthless sound. "Do you think Cassie cares about that? She's never wanted the money or any of the material things other women wanted." His eyes darted towards Megan who had given up pretending to look at her phone and was listening intently instead. 
"She's always just wanted a family and love."
"You really think she ran away?" I couldn't help the pain in my voice. Last night had been amazing between us. At least for me. I had thought things had changed for the better between us and that she understood my predicament.
"Wouldn't you?" Ian sighed. "She's been mistreated and unloved her entire life Julian." He sighed. "Yes she ran. She grabbed her mum and left you. It's the only thing that makes sense."
"Sense?" I muttered and began pacing again. None of this made sense. If Cassie wanted to run she would have done it before today. 
Before I could stop myself my eyes met Megan's and I frowned. She was the catalyst. 
Inwardly I groaned. "Cassie should have let me explain." Except I wouldn't have explained. I would have tortured Cassie with Megan's very presence by day and then crawled into her bed and made love to her all night.
My relationship with my wife was all sorts of messed up and I knew it. 
"But ok, let's go and get the car. She can't be far. A single penniless woman and her sick mother." I headed towards the door. It would be easy to track them down. And then I would bring her home and things would change. I would change.
Or I would try at least.
"Unless she has help." Megan piped in.
I froze, turning on her with a growl. "What do you mean?" I gritted out between my clenched teeth.
She rolled her eyes. "It's not like she could have done it without help is it? You said so yourself Julian. She is useless."
I frowned. Those hadn't been my words but she did have a point. It was feasible that my wife had had help to escape me.
But who would do that? "Dig into-"
Megan laughed. "Oh come on Julian. There is only one person who would. Of course they pretend to just be friends." She air quoted theatrically with a roll of her eyes. "But we all know the truth."
The rage that had been boiling through me turned deadly cold. It was like nothing I had ever felt before because I knew who she was talking about and suddenly it all made sense. 
I had always suspected they had been too close to just be friends and now I knew the truth. 
"Send some people after my wife." I growled out to the head of my security. "And find Forrest." At my side my hands clenched into fists. "Bring Forrest to me."

###chapter 79
Cassie


Exhausted.
I was exhausted and every part of my body felt like it had locked up which was to be expected. After all I had been driving pretty much non stop for the last twenty four hours. We stopped for petrol, the toilet and get road trip food and at first I tried to make it feel like a girly adventure but that had quickly disappeared. This wasn't a girls weekend away to reconnect with my mum. This was me running for my life and the lives of the three people in the world that meant the most to me.
In the end it was the only thing that kept me going.  Long after my eyes got heavy from lack of sleep and my muscles cramped up so badly it was agony from being in place for so long.
"Is that it?" Next to me my mum leant forward. Peering into the grey hazy light to the small cottage ahead of us on the narrow private road.
"I think so." The car bumped on the uneven road , rattling my teeth. "This is where to coordinates lead to anyway." One last massive dip, that lurched the car to the side and we pulled up to the front. It was a pretty place or at least it would be with a little work. The bones were there, all I needed was a little love and attention and it would make someone a beautiful home.
But whose home was it?
"Stay here. I want to see who -"
My mum caught my arm before I could exit the car. "I don't think anyone lives here Cassie." She said without looking at me. "It feels abandoned doesn't it?"
Tearing my eyes away from her I let my eyes travel across the white walls and the trailing vines that looked like grey veins in the rain. She did have a point. It did feel empty.
But that made even less sense. Why would Ian have sent me here unless it was to someone else who could help me?
"Let's go and explore. I could do with stretching my legs anyway." She was out of the car before I could stop her. Grumbling under my breath I hurried after her.
"Mum stop." I ordered as I rushed after her. " You should stay in the car. You're still healing. Let me-"
She stopped me in my tracks with a look. "And you are pregnant with my grandbabies. So you should stay in the car." She winked. "Or we could just look around together. Watch each other's backs?"
"Sounds good." I muttered. I didn't think we needed to watch each others backs though. I didn't feel any kind of threat. My wolf was calm and almost content. Like she realised that we were finally safe.
"Doors locked." As if to prove her point she tried the handle again. "Why would you be told to come here until-"
Why indeed? Squinting my eyes I pressed my nose up against the dirty glass of the window and peered inside. It was hard to see but I was sure I could make out a couch in front of a fireplace. It looked cosy. Old but definitely not abandoned. It looked like someone's home.
Only there was no scent of anyone around the place that I could pick up.  
"Maybe we should look around back?" My mum went to move passed me.
"I have a key." I blurted. I'd almost forgotten the key that had come with a note.
"You have a key?" My mum parroted back in a high pitched voice.
"Yeah." Digging it out of my pocket , I slid it into the lock. The door opened with a squeak. "Ok." I glanced over my shoulder at her. "Stay close to me and stay on guard. I don't know if this is a trap." I stepped into the open planned room. Couch on one side, all warm leather and patchwork throws facing the giant stone fireplace and on the other a long roughly hewn table that looked like it had been made out of one piece of wood. It was all beautiful. Homely.
"Wow." Ignoring me completely my mum moved around me. "Someone really likes you. Who gave you -"
I shook my head. I trusted my mother but I didn't want to say Ian's name out loud. If it ever got out that he had helped then his life would be in jeopardy and I didn't want that.
"I wonder who lives here." She said quietly as she ran her hands over the back of the sofa.
I didn't answer her at first. Something had caught my eyes. Another envelope with my name on.
Absently I picked it up and ripped it open. There was a card inside. One with a little house on the front and the words welcome home in pink cursive under it. Flipping it open I read the words written inside.
Five words to be exact.
You will be safe here.
I blinked at them stupidly. 
"I think we live here now." I whispered.
"What?" Turning on her heel my mother stared at me with her mouth open in shock. "What do you mean?"
"I think this is where we will be safe." I looked around again. It really would be perfect after a deep clean. The envelope was still heavy and I peered back inside. Taking stock of what else was in there.
Identifcation and what looked like a bank -
"Who-"
I cut my mum off, stuffing the envelope into my back pocket. "It doesn't matter who mum, we are safe here and anyway the real question is why?"
Why would Ian , who was devoted to Julian and closer than his brother give me everything I needed to start over? What were his reasons?
With a sigh my shoulders slumped. I was too tired to think about it. When we had rested I would deal with what all of this could mean but right now all I wanted was a hot shower and to lay down for a while.
Why my husbands most trusted friend had just helped me escape would have to wait until after I had slept.


###chapter 80
Julian 

No one spoke in the ninety minutes it took for Forrest to be found and brought to me. Megan tried at one point but one look from me and she snapped her lips back together and fell silent.

I could feel her looming at me from her place in the corner but she didn't try to talk to me again. Truthfully I didn't want her in the room with me but I had a responsibility to her now and I wasn't the kind of man who shied away from my responsibilities. So if she needed to stay close to me then so be it. It wasn't like I was paying her any attention anyway.

My eyes were glued to the closed door and my mind was full of images of my wife. Flashes of her face, the taste of her skin seemed to explode on my tongue even though she wasn't here and my mouth watered.

Cassie was mine.

Ours. My wolf growled. She is ours and you pushed her away.

She ran away I snapped back and a low growl slipped from my lips. It was strange that I was arguing with myself but when it came to Cassie I was always conflicted. I liked hurting her and seeing the pain seep into her eyes but then when it came to her actually getting hurt by anyone else I went and lost my mind.

I lived to see one of her genuine smiles.

She was my wife.

The door opened and two men appeared. Behind them stepped the man I had been waiting for. The man who my wife seemed to favour more than anyone else in the world. She could say they were just friends but he had taken her away from me and that was a betrayal that I couldn't leave unpunished. 

"Forrest." Slowly I pushed myself to a standing position. "So nice of you to join us."

Confusion clouded the handsome doctors face for a second before his eyebrows shot down over his forest green eyes. As always he was wearing one of the thick heavy sweaters he seemed to favour. 

"It didn't seem like I had much choice prince Julian?" His motioned to the enforcers on either side of him. "What is this about?"

From her place in the corner Megan giggled and everyone glanced in her direction.

"My wife." I said in a low tone.

A flicker of unease entered his eyes. He tried to hide it but I had already seen it. 

"Cassie? Has something happened to her?" 

"You tell me?" Moving towards him I came to a stop in his personal space. "Where is my wife Forrest?"

The unease was back and this time it didn't go away again. Forrest had begun to realise the situation he was in and it wasn't a good place to be. Not for him anyway. 

"She left?"

I frowned. He sounded genuinely shocked.

"Well damn," he shook his head almost like he couldn't believe it. "I didn't think she would actually go through with it. I was half sure she was in love with you but she -"

My fist smashed into his face before he could finish the mumbled sentence. It was a blow that came out of no where and he had no way of protecting himself because his arms were being held.

The crunch of his nose under my knuckles was like music to my ears. Even my wolf seemed to smile. So I did it again. 

Forrest sagged and was only kept on his feet by my men holding him. 

Closing my fist into his jumper I dragged him up until our faces were just inches apart. Spit flew from my mouth.

"Where is she?" I was getting closer and closer to losing control of the animal inside of me. And there wasn't one man here who could stop me.

Well maybe Ian but he wouldn't. He was my man through and through. 

"Where is my wife?"

Forrest met my eyes without blinking. There was apprehension in them but no fear. He would regret not fearing me.

"I am your prince and your future king , I command-"

Forrest spit the blood from his mouth and it landed next to my feet. 

"I don't know."

I didn't believe him although I couldn't smell any lies in his words. "Are you seriously telling me that she didn't come to you for help?"

He rolled his eyes. "Of course she did. She was miserable and she is my friend." Groaning, he steadied himself on his feet. "You made her life hell, mentally tortured her." His voice was rising. His own wolf pushed at the surface of his skin just like mine was. If he shifted I would rip him apart.

I still might. My control was slipping more and more  by the second.  No one spoke to me the way he was and got away with it.

No one took what was mine away from me.

"Did god knows what else to her as well." Forrest's lips curled into a sneer. "She never wanted this life. She never wanted to be hated, only loved."

"Where is she?"

"I don't know." He screamed back into my face. "She asked for help but if she is gone now she didn't get any help from me."

"Then there was someone else in her life. Some other man who-"

"She could have any man she wanted but she wanted you. Even though she hated what you did to her. She would have made you a good wife if it wasn't for-" He froze like someone had poured icy water over him.

"If it wasn't for what? Her love for you?" I knew she loved him even if they pretended they were just friends. No one could be that close and not be fucking. 

I let fly with my fists and feet. Attacking him with so much rage that the men holding him had no option but to let him fall to the floor and jump back.

Falling onto Forrest I beat at his face in a flurry of fists. My growls were coming thick and fast. Claws sprouted from where my finger nails once were and opened up the man's cheek and shoulders as I slashed and clawed.

"Where is she?"

"Gone." Forrest laughed even though I knew he had to be in agony. "And I can't blame her. You're a monster. No wonder she left. Being homeless and penniless would be better than-"

I slashed at his chest. Opening him up from collarbone to stomach in a ragged diagonal slice. His jumper wasn't any protection and blood pooled around him.

"Tell me where she is."

"Even if I knew I would never tell you. I would rather die then put Cassie and those babies in danger."
###chapter 81
Cassie

Sleep was such a great healer and when I woke up I felt better than I had in weeks.

So maybe it wasn't the sleep that had done me the world of good but the freedom. I had almost forgotten how it felt to be free. Just like I could barely remember what it was like before I had become Julian's wife.

Moving through the hallways I followed the sound of singing only coming to a stop at the bottom of the stairs as my eyes found my mother. She was busy in the kitchen with the sunlight illuminating her in a halo. She was cooking, the delicious smell of cookies filled my nostrils and I smiled before I could help myself. 

She looked and sounded happy and that in turn made me happy. Not wanting to disturb her I made my way into the kitchen area and slid into one of the wooden stools.

"Morning sweet girl." She greeted me in her sing-song voice. Her back was to me but I knew she was smiling. "How are you feeling?" She turned to me. Sliding a china cup full of what smelt like herbal tea over to me. I wrinkled my nose at it. I didn't mind tea but that smelt rank. 

"Drink up, it will help the babies grow big and strong." She nudged the cup  closer and I gingerly picked it up and took a sip. 

"How long have you been awake?" Glancing around the room I took in the fresh bread and what looked like some kind of pie already cooling on the windowsill. 

She gave me a one shoulder shrug that moved her frail frame. "A few hours. I've been asleep for years so I don't want to waste a single moment now." 

For all of her words she still looked tired.

"You should have woken me up."

Spinning around she snatched up a cookie from the cooling rack. "You were exhausted Cassie and you needed to rest to make sure you are healthy for those babies." Her grin grew wider. "I still can't believe you are having twins. I'm going to be a grandma."

Her excitement was contagious and I laughed before I could stop myself.  "Yes you are."

"You need to eat as well. Here take a bite." She thrust of the still hot cookie and the chocolate chips exploded on my tongue. "Mmm, these are so good." Closing my eyes I took another bite and then another until the cookie was completely gone. "I used to love your homemade treats."

The moment I said it the smile fell from her face and tears sprang up in her eyes. 

"Mama I didn't mean-" I began to say and she cut me off with a look. 

"I failed you as a mother Cassie. I know that." There was so much pain in her voice that I jumped off the stool and moved around the kitchen island to hug her close. 

"You didn't fail me. You got sick. I was fine. I am fine." I added quickly when she sobbed.

Running my hand up and down her back I tried to soothe her but she continued to cry. I hated that I had upset her because that was the last thing I wanted to do.

"Mama please don't cry , I am fine and you're healing." I fell silent. She was fine because of the sacrifice I had made. A contract I had signed and then gone back on. I had never broken my word before. But I couldn't bring myself to regret leaving Julian even though there was a weird empty feeling in the pit of my stomach. 

Part of me, missed him I realised. But that would pass as well. There was so much to still do and I didn't know how we would live. I'd emptied my bank accounts but the little cash I had wouldn't last us long.

We needed a plan and to decide whether we stayed here or moved on but before that we needed groceries and if we were staying I would need a job.

"Don't be sad because of me Mama. I married him knowing that he wasn't my mate. I did it because it was expected of me and I would do it again if it meant I got you back but we don't ever have to worry about Julian. Not ever again. He is the past." I reached for another cookie and took a big bite.

I hadn't had much appetite recently but these were addictively good.

"What?" My mother's words were sharp. "Are you talking about ? Contract?"

Ignoring her I stared at the half eaten cookie in my hand like it was some sort of alien.

"Mama?" I cut her off. My head snapping up sharply. "How have you managed to do so much cooking?"

When we had arrived this place had been abandoned and covered in a thin film of dust. No one had been here for a while and I had no doubt that any food would have been long out of date.

So how had she managed to cook bread and cookies and the giant apple pie by the window.

For a second she stared at me, a puzzled look on her face. 

"Was there food in the cupboards?" I asked although I already knew the answer.

She shook her head. "There was a basket on the doorstep with some essentials." She muttered and my heart sank.

"Mam." Rushing towards the sink I ran the tap and started gulping down the water in rapid swallows.

"Cassie stop , you are going to make yourself sick drinking like that."

I swallowed again. Glaring at her. "I need to be sick mum. We are running for our lives and you need to be more careful. Those things could be poisoned."

Her eyes widened in shock.  "You don't think-"

"I think you have to be more careful. No one is meant to know we are here and-"

My words were cut off as a loud knock boomed through the house.

No one was meant to know we were here but it was clear someone did because they were pounding the hell out of the door.
###chapter 82
Julian 

Babies? BABIES?

The word seemed to echo in my head but I couldn't make sense of it. Had Forrest just said Cassie was pregnant? He hadn't meant to. I knew that by the sudden look of shock on his face but I knew I had heard him right as well.

Even if I was still reeling I knew what I had heard.

My wife was pregnant.

Pregnant and on the run from me.

Why?

She must know I would have looked after her. Looked after both of them.

Babies.

That's what he had said. Babies meant more than one. 

"She is pregnant." My attack on him paused , my hands and arms were covered in his blood up until the elbow but I didn't look at the ruins of his chest. I was too busy staring at his face. "Answer me." I demanded more of a whine in my voice than a growl. 

I had a horrible sinking feeling in my gut. One that threatened to swallow me whole into the chasm. 

"Where is my wife and my unborn child." I asked again as images of Cassie flickered before my eyes. No wonder she had been acting so strangely. How long had she known she was pregnant and why hadn't she told me. She must have known I would react with delight.

"I will never tell you." Forrest muttered again around his split and broken lips. "I didn't help her when she needed it but I will now. She's gone and I hope you never find them. You don't deserve them."

I smashed my fist into his teeth which shattered, sharp shards cutting into my knuckles. And I lost myself in the feel of his bones crunching under my fists. 

Because he was right. And that's what hurt the most. Forrest was right. I had treated her like a burden , something less than what she was and I had never bothered getting to know her. 

That was on me and now I run the risk of never knowing my child.

"I think it's pretty obvious now why she ran isn't it?"

In my blood rage I swivelled my head slowly to Megan.

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Shut up." Hovering above me Ian snarled at her and I had never heard him sound so murderous. My eyes flickered between the two of them.

"You don't tell me what to do Beta." She retorted with a flick of her hair. Turning her eyes on me she tried to look pained and failed. Whatever she was about to say she was enjoying every second of everyone's pain. Mine included.

Megan was not my mate. That much was blazingly clear now but I still owed her. I still had to look after her even if she was not the kind of person I wanted in my life. Part of me was even secretly glad that she had lost the baby. Which made me a monster.

Who even thought of things like that?

Me obviously. 

"She ran away because the baby isn't yours." The look on Megan's face almost dared me to argue back. And goddess I wanted to. 

"I mean isn't it obvious? Why else would she leave? She knows what you would do if you found out she had strayed from the relationship."

I growled low in my throat. I had been with Cassie so many times but I had never finished inside of her so could the baby be mine? Was it possible? 

Memories assaulted me. Back when we had first been married I had seen something in her bag. Something that told me she hadn't been entirely faithful. I had hated it then but I couldn't really complain to loudly because-

My eyes found Megan and I grimaced.

I had got another woman pregnant on my wedding night and my wife had fallen pregnant by another man. We were as bad as each other but unfortunately for Cassie. The rules were different for me than for her.

Straying from her vows and carrying another man's baby was treason and she could be executed. Which was exactly why she had run.

"You should just let her go." Megan continued. "She's nothing and she's having another's baby. Probably his. Go to the king and have the wedding annulled and we can try for another baby. I'll give you ten. I'll be a good-"

Megan's whining was drowned out by the roaring in my ears. Only a few of her words had filtered through. The father of my wife's baby was probably the man drifting in and out consciousness on the floor before me.

My eyes narrowed into daggers I stared down at him. 

It all made sense.

"Did you fuck my wife?" I asked in a low menacing growl.

His green eyes were almost swollen shut from my earlier beating but he still tried to look at me.

Shuffling backwards I aimed a kick at his head with a sickening snap. Forrest would not be so lucky this time. This time I would deal out his sentence right here on my rug.

"Stop it Julian." Ian grabbed at my arm and yanked me away. "This is not you."

I turned on him with a snarl. "What he has done is punishable by death."

"He's not the father of Cassie's baby. You are literally kicking a man to death." Ian's grip on my arm tightened almost painfully. "There is a cruelness in you these days Julian. A madness. But I will not sit back and watch you murder a man who has always been loyal to you and your wife. Forrest is a friend."

I stared down at the hand wrapped around my bicep and then slowly let my eyes rise to meet his. "Let go of me beta. Or are you saying-" I trailed off. I shook my head. Was he the father of Cassie's baby? Had my wife betrayed me with my beta? With my most trusted friend.

"I am not the father Julian." He answered my unasked question. "But I know who is."

"Tell me."

His eyes flicked down to the groaning man at my feet and then he shook his head. "You need to figure that out for yourself.  You need to start remembering the past and not letting people poison your mind. The truth is right in front of your face Julian." He took a step forward, reaching out until his forehead bumped mine. "I love you like a brother Julian but I can not stay around and watch you fuck up whole life. I need to do my job and I can no longer keep you safe from yourself so I will need to protect the person who needs me."

I stared at him open mouthed. "Cassie? You think Cassie needs protecting? Who from? Me?"

"Right now yes and one day you will thank me for it." He loosened his grip on me and moved away.

"You know where she is?"

"Of course I do." He was already moving out of the door. "I'm the one who helped her escape."
###chapter 83
Cassie

Slowly I crept towards the door , trying to keep my shadow hidden but I knew instinctively that whoever was on the other side of the door already knew we were there.

Daring to dart a look behind me , I motioned for my mum to duck down and hide. Which she quickly did. Crouching down behind the kitchen island and out of eyesight of the front door.

At least she was finally getting it. Things were so unbelievably dangerous for us and the sooner she realised that the better. I couldn't blame her though. In her old head there was still hope for me and Julian but then again she hadn't been awake when we had first met. She didn't know how it really was between us.

Hopefully now she never would.

For a second I screwed my eyes up tight and my hand fluttered to my stomach. I had to stop thinking about Julian. My husband would not be kind if he ever found us. In fact I knew deep down he would murder my children in front of me as punishment for me betraying him. Even though he had Megan and didn't love me, Julian would never allow me to be happy. 

So I had to stop thinking about him , just like I had to stop thinking about the shadowy stranger who put my babies in my belly. I would never see either of them again. And that was just the way it had to be now.

I had to stop looking back and concentrate on the future. It was the only way I would ever get everyone through it.

Turning back to the door I took another step forward before my eyes snapped open and met those of pretty brown ones which peered at me from the window.

I let out a scream scrambling back. Almost losing my footing as my hands clutched at my throat.

I'd been so busy thinking about the past that I hadn't been careful myself and now the woman looking in on me knew I was there.

She always knew you were here, my wolf said snidely. You're a fool if you think she didn't.

We stared at each other, a flimsy pane of glass between us. She looked harmless but then you could never quite be sure by looking at someone. Megan looked and acted like a brainless bimbo and she had been surprisingly ruthless. Hell she had almost made me lose my pregnancy. I would not make the same mistake twice.

As if she sensed my fear she stepped back with a small wave and smile and disappeared. 

I hesitated. She was still out there. Waiting.

"I have your back Cassie."

I glanced behind me to find my mum behind me with a wicked looking carving knife clutched in her fist. Taking a deep breath I moved towards the door and opened it an inch. 

"Hello?" My voice timid. A barely there shaking whisper which I hated because I didn't want it to show any fear.

"Cassie?" The woman was so close that i had no chance of defending myself as she pushed the door open wide and stepped through like she owned the place.

"Well finally. I was sure you would sleep the whole day away." Standing right there on the rug she brushed the rain drops from her shoulders and looked around. Her nose wrinkling. "And you must be the mother. I see you have been busy with the ingredients I left for you." Without another word she moved towards the kitchen area. Plucking a cookie from the rack she took a huge bite. 

I glanced at my mum who was staring open mouthed. "What?" She mouthed and I shrugged. I had no idea what was going on either.

"You don't mind do you?" The raven haired beauty lifted the half eaten biscuit with a grin. "These are really good."

"Who are you? What are you doing here?" Straightening my shoulders I stepped forward. 

She paused. "I'm Yana." One bite and the sweet treat disappeared. She waited for me to say something. And when I didn't she sighed. "He didn't tell you about me huh?"

"I don't know who you are on about?"

"Well this property is owned by my family. Most of this area is." She spread her arms wide.

"Panther." My mum hissed her eyes wide. 

"If we are." My voice shook even more. Panthers and wolves didn't really get on and I could understand my mothers fear but in a way knowing she was a sometimes enemy of my kind made me feel more at ease.

At least I knew she wasn't working for Prince Julian. 

"If we are trespassing then I apologise. We were told we could be safe here but-" I chin jerked towards the door. "We are leaving."

"Oh stop being so daft Cassie." Laughing Yana slipped onto one of the stools. "And come and talk to me. Did you find the tea helped with your morning sickness? I asked some of the others and they all swear by it."

"You- " I stuttered. "You know I'm pregnant?"

Laughing she shook her dark curls around her face. "Of course I do. I know all about you. I had to, if we were going to help you."

My thundering heart slowed to a more steady beat. I trusted her even when I knew I shouldn't. If she wanted me dead I would have been dead by now.

"We were told to expect you. Not so soon but we will adapt and overcome." She laughed. "Honestly we are in need of a shifter doctor if your feeling up to it?"

"What do you know about me?" I whispered.

"Kick ass doctor, wife of that asshole prince Julian." She lifted two fingers. "Knocked up by -" a smile spread across her face. "Well my mate has his theories on that but we will see."

"Who is your mate?"

Yana looked at me like I was stupid. "The person who sent you here of course." She said with a laugh. "Beta Ian is my mate."
 ###chapter 84
Julian 

My wife was gone and now so was my beta and I didn't know whose betrayal stung the most.

Ian's was unexpected. He had always been my number two. I had trusted him. Trusted him with my life and with my wife and then he went and-

I growled another growl through my clenched teeth. I couldn't believe that my closest friend would fuck my wife.  But what other explanation could there be? He had admitted it with his own lips.

He had been the one to let her go. He had helped her escape. 

"You're highness?"

With difficulty I opened my eyes to find the ruined face of Forrest hovering next to mine. Even though I had almost beaten him to death only an hour ago he was already forcing himself to his feet.

Blinking I looked around. We were alone. There would be guards just outside the door but everyone had gone after Ian. Not that I thought for a second they would find him. Ian was good at disappearing. If he didn't want to be found then we wouldn't find him.

And now he was out there with my wife. With my Cassie.

"Cassie." Her name fell like a cry out of my lips. I swayed where I stood and Ian's hands came out to steady me. 

"You're highness." He tried to steady me. Which was impossible in the state he was in. He could barely keep himself upright as it was. "Let's get you sat down."

I wanted to fight him but I couldn't. Now my eyes were open I felt weaker than I ever had in my life. Like a baby bird I was fragile and weak and I didn't know why. All I knew was that it felt like someone had carved out part of my soul.

"Where is-" falling into the nearest seat I glanced around again. My eyes finally clearing. "Megan?"

"One of the guards escorted her to a room on your orders, your highness." He said softly. 

"But you stayed?" I let my head fall into my hands. It hurt to even lift it. 

Betrayal had that effect. It took all the right out of you.

"I didn't think I was free to go." Forrest gave a small chuckle. "And anyway I thought you might need me."

"Because you are a doctor?" It did feel like I might need one soon. But If I did it wouldn't be him. I wouldn't be able to trust him after what I had just done to him.

"May I sit prince Julian?"

I didn't answer him , instead I motioned for one of the chairs. He groaned as he sat and didn't speak again for several long seconds.

"No." He said finally. "Not because I'm a doctor but because I am a friend." He paused. "Well I'm Cassies friend."

I winced back at the sound of her name. Why did even hearing it cause my physical pain?

"And I am your faithful subject." He continued when I didn't say anything. "I can hand on my heart tell you that she is not a bad person."

I lifted my eyes. "She's carrying another man's baby." I reminded him.

He lifted his eyebrows. 

I was a hypocrite and he was reminding me with just a look. I already knew what I was.

"She had begun to care about you."

Fresh pain across my heart. "But she left anyway. Run away with my best friend."

Forrests sigh was loud. "You know deep down that isn't true. He helped her because-"

"She needs help?" I snapped back. "Is that why you have always helped her. She seems to gather men who want to protect her, doesn't she?"

He shrugged and I could see the pain even that small movement caused him. "She is just that kind of woman. A good person and that means people want to help protect her. Well almost everyone."

Throwing back my head I laughed. A sarcastic bark. "Everyone except me. I never felt the need to protect her." I paused. That wasn't exactly true. "I wanted to posses her, own her but-" I trailed off. At least that part was completely true. "Mostly she drove me crazy." I added.

Forrest let out a small laugh. "She said the same about you. But I think you cared more about her then you want to admit."

"Maybe." I conceded. 

"You went after her when she was kidnapped."

"She is my wife. Mine." I stabbed myself in the chest with my fingernail. "No one else gets to have her." I trailed off. Was that all? I had been so worried about her. Crazed with the need to get her back and safely in my arms.

A horrible thought flowed through me. The man who had taken her was dead now. He had attacked Cassie more than once, had I not got to her in time?

Could her baby be the result of an assault on her by my enemies? The thought made me feel sick.

"The man who took her?" I swallowed hard. "Do you think he is the father?"

If that was the case I would never forgive myself. Did Cassie think so little of me that she thought I would punish her or the baby for something that wasn't their fault. I already knew the answer to that question though. 

"No,Prince Julian. It was before that I believe. Around the same time as Megan." He shifted his weight and my eyes glued themselves to him. 

"You suspect something?" I asked. I might be broken by betrayal but I could read that much on his face.

"I just think it's highly suspicious that the two women in your life fell pregnant at the same time."

"The thing with Megan, it was a messed up situation. I was running for my life and she helped me." I admitted. "I though the woman I spent my time was my mate. But now I know I was wrong about that. The scent is wrong now so-" I shrugged.

"You were running and came across Megan? Where?" Forrest's swollen eyes closed for a second. "At the hospital?"

"How did you know?"

He opened his eyes to stare right at me. "A lucky guess . Can I ask a personal question, Julian? Was this on your wedding day?"

I nodded.

"I thought as much and why did your family choose Cassie as your mate?"

I frowned. "It was arranged years ago when we were children. Her family used to be-"

Forrest shook his head. "Used to. I think you need to ask the King why Cassie was chosen for you."

I eyed him suspiciously. "You know something?"

"No, nothing for certain but I think the King will know."

"Because he arranged the contract?"

Forrest slowly met my eyes. "If it was a contract at all."
 ###chapter 85
Cassie

I stared at the beautiful panther woman munching on the cooling cookies and lost the ability to speak.   At first I wasn't sure I had heard her correctly. 

Had she really just said.

I flexed my fingers. "I'm sorry." I mumbled and had to clear my throat. "Did you just say you are Ian's mate?"

"Yes." Crumbs fell from her full lips. "Sorry." She glanced at my mum who I could feel moving behind me. "I'm making a mess but these are the best biscuits I've eaten since my mum died."

"I can make you some more."

"Mum." I groaned with a roll of my eyes. There she went again. Trusting anyone who acted friendly to her. We weren't going to last a week if she didn't toughen up.

"Ian doesn't have a mate." I said stiffly.

She levelled her chocolate brown eyes at me. "You think you know him but you're wrong. I don't think anyone knows him." She shrugged. "Not even me really but I love him and he loves me. He's my mate."

I continued to stare at her. After several long moments I shook my head. "I would have known. It would have been mentioned. I have never once heard him or Julian mention you."

Her eyes narrowed and she finally looked angry. "Because Prince." Her voice dripped with sarcasm. "Julian and his bunch of out of date wolves really love panthers and agree with inter species relationships." She rolled her eyes. "You're a high bred wolf I wouldn't expect you to understand."

"I'm a wolf and I understand Julian's cruelty better than anyway." I snapped back.

Yanas eyes softened and she reached across the island for my hand. When her fingers curled around mine I let them. "I know and I'm sorry I just get a little defensive. Ian told me what you were going through. I'm glad you got out."

I nodded my head. Sliding my hand from under hers. "I wouldn't have got this far without him." I said truthfully. "I just don't know why he did? If Julian finds out."

She cut me off. "It's his job."

"But Julian said they were childhood friends."

"They are and Ian loves him like a brother but that doesn't mean he agrees with everything his prince has been doing. Ian keeps me secret because he knows what would happen to me and my people if he didn't."

"When did you meet?"

"He was passing through. Had just started his training within some local packs. It sounds cheesy but we literally walked into each other on the street and it just - zinged." She sighed happily. " instant love and devotion." Her smile grew even wider and it made my heart warm to see it. 

She was a woman completely in love.

"He took me as his mate a week later. My father wasn't impressed but they are pretty close now. We are all family no matter how different we are."

I smiled. "It sounds perfect."

"It was but I shouldn't be telling you all of that. Not when your own mate-"

"Julian is my husband not my mate. I do have one though." I added , swiping my hand across my stomach. "But I only met him once." I said sadly.

"I see." Yana whispered her eyes on my belly. "Once is all it takes though." 

No one said anything for several long seconds. It was strange but I trusted her.

"When do we have to leave by?" My mothers voice took me by surprise. She looked around and I could see the sadness in her eyes. She liked it here even if we had only been here one day.

"Mum." I groaned again. Turning back to Yana I studied her. "She is right to ask though. My mum is sick. She's recently been in a coma and had heart surgery. We need-"

"You stay as long as you want or need." Yana grinned. "This is your home for as long as you want it. I have the names of a few cardiologists in a private hospital in the nearest city and there's a doctors office in town who is looking for a part time-" she met my eyes. "If you feel like working of course. We were hoping you would be our-"

Jumping from the stool I rushed around the island and pulled her into a hug. "Thank you, thank you." Words could not express how much gratitude I felt.

Between her and Ian they had thought about everything. We had run and now we were safe. We didn't have to run anymore.

"Like I said Ian takes his job very seriously." She untangled herself with a wry grin. 

"But his job is keeping Julian safe and I'm pretty sure he wants me dead."

"His job is to keep the kingdom safe and Julian as well of course and that means -"

From the front of the house the door opened and closed quietly. 

"Talk of the devil." Yana grinned.

Open mouthed I watched as Ian walked in. He looked like hell but his face lit up from within when his saw his mate.

"Yana." He went to her in a rush, pressing kisses all over her upturned face. Finally he looked at me. "Good to see you again Cassie." He nodded his head politely. "Although I wish it wasn't so soon."

A sinking feeling opened up in the pit of my stomach. "He knows."

It was the only reason Ian would be here so soon. Julian knew.

"Yes. But to answer your question I will protect you because you are my luna and my future queen. And because those babies are royal and I have sworn my life to protect the wolf royal family."

I shook my head. "But they aren't-"

"See that's where I think you are wrong." He met my eyes without blinking and it was me who looked away from him. "I think those babies are Prince Julians."
###chapter 86
Julian 

The house was quiet, the moon big and heavy in the clear sky but I couldn't sleep. Too much had happened and I kept going over and over again everything that had been said to me.

Everything that had been done to me.

"Sir?"

I didn't turn at the sound of my house keepers voice. "You should be asleep Cathy."

"So should you." She retorted in her soft polite voice. "Everyone else is."

I knew that. The house was quiet and if I listened carefully enough I could hear their soft snores as the sweet oblivion of sleep took away their troubles.

I would have no such rest. 

"What are you doing in here Julian?" She asked and this time there was a note of judgement in her voice. I still didn't turn. 

Ignoring her I ran my hand across Cassies dresser. The wood was warm and smooth , like her skin was under my fingertips when I touched her.

Even thinking about it made me angry. 

Reaching down I yanked open the top drawer and stared down at her underwear. She had barely taken anything. "I couldn't sleep and wanted to see if there was any clues in here" I said through gritted teeth. That wasn't the truth though. Not really. I had come in here to be close to her even though I didn't want to admit that. Growling I went to slam the drawer shut and something caught my eyes

Pushing aside her panties I snared the small wooden box in my hand. My anger rising as I lifted it my face.

"What the hell is this doing here?" I studied it. Turning it over and over in my hand as I studied the carved wood. "This should be at the palace." I sucked in a breath and let the rage take over. The last time I had seen this box , we had been at the palace and Cassie had been snooping. She had dropped it and I had lost my shit. 

Had she snuck back into my old bedroom and stolen it. I wouldn't put it past her. 

"Thieving little-"

"It's not the same one."

I froze at Cathy's voice. My eyebrows shot into my hair line as she moved close to me and plucked the delicate box out of my hands. Setting it down gently she lifted the lid.

There was a ring in it. Similar to the jewel that I treasured in my box. I had the necklace. My mothers jewellery so why did Cassie have the matching ring? And they were matching.

"This one is Cassies." She snapped the lid shut. Sighing she turned to me. "Sit down your highness."

Never in the decades she had been working for me had she ever tried to give me an order and I instantly bristled.

"How can it be Cassies when-"

"Sit." There was command in her voice. "Down."

I did so without really thinking about it. Perching on the edge of Cassies neatly made bed.

"I don't know where she got that but- she must have stolen it because it's definitely my mothers. Cassie is-"

"She didn't steal it. She's had it for years. I was there when it was given to her."

Startled my head snapped up an inch to look at her. "What do you mean?"

"I've worked for your family for my entire life Julian. I have cared for you like you are my own pup especially after your dear mothers death. I have kept the family secrets." Sadly she shook her head. "I can't keep it a secret anymore. I need to tell you the truth."

I waited for her to continue.

Taking a deep breath she met my eyes. "Cassie has it because it was given to her by her mate."

"What?"

"She was a child. A gifted beautiful young girl, and she stopped something terrible and that's when she met him. Of course." She gave a small laugh. "They were both too young to know what was going on but they were best friends for a time. You see-" another deep breath. "She saved the life of someone important. Literally risked her life for him. He would have died without her and she almost died saving him."

"I still don't understand." I mumbled under my breath.

"She saved you Julian. You were just a boy and it was the first attempt on your life."

Jumping to my feet I began to pace. "You're wrong." Spinning around I growled at her. Tugging at my hair I glared. "If something like that happened I would remember it. I would remember her."

"No you wouldn't. We made sure of it. Cassie was blessed with an alpha power that night."

"Alphas can have -"

"Healing is her power. I'm not sure if it's manifested itself properly yet but I would guess so. Especially now her mother is awake. But I digress."

What she was saying couldn't be true.  Cassie was not my mate. My mate was the woman I had made love to in the hospital. 

Megan.

Only I knew that wasn't true either. 

"Your bond was the strongest anyone had ever seen. The goddess herself blessed it and that made keeping you together dangerous."

My eyes narrowed.

"So we- I mean the king."

"Magic." I hissed. "He used magic on us to make us forget each other." 

"Contracts were put in place to bring you together when the time was right and everyone thought the spell would break and you would recognise her scent but that didn't happen. I could see how much of an effect she had on you but you didn't know why. And I'm sorry for not telling you sooner. I am truly sorry."

"But the woman at the hospital? she was my mate?" Even as I said the words I knew how stupid they were. "It was never Megan was it?"

"No. I don't believe it was."

Of course it was Cassie. Of course it was. She worked there as well. It suddenly all made sense. 

"That means -" I ran my hand through my hair. "Fuck Megan really played me for a fool didn't she. I'm going to rip her-" Whirling I made for the door.

"Think now young prince." Cathy's voice stopped me dead in my tracks. "At the moment Megan thinks she has you fooled. Who ever she is working for thinks they have you fooled. We need to keep it that way until we find out who your enemies are."

"You want me to pretend she is my mate?"

Cathy's eyes grew sad. "Only for a little while. Ian will keep your mate and your pups safe until it's safe for you to be reunited with them."

I swallowed hard. I could pretend to be a fool a little while longer after all I had been a fool for months.

I could do that for my mate and my- my heart thundered in my chest.

My mate and my children.
Part 2- ###chapter 87
Cassie - 6 months later

Blowing out a puff of air , I wiped a hand over my sweaty brow. I was dripping with the stuff which wasn't surprising seeing as I was well.huge and the late spring sun was rapidly turning into a full on heat wave.

Never in my life had I been so hot but then again never in my life had I been so pregnant. 

Straightening with difficulty I let my hands rest on my stomach for a second before the door behind me opened and a familiar scent hit my nostrils. 

"Yana." I turned to her with a smile. In the months that I had been here we had become fast friends. She was quick and funny and witty as hell. I could see why Ian was completely besotted with her. She was just that nice.

"I came to make sure everything was ok?" She grinned back at me but it didn't meet her eyes. It looked forced like she was putting on a show.

My own smile slipped. "What's wrong?" 

"Nothing." She shrugged.

"Is it my mum?" I asked sharply. Even though I knew that wasn't the case. My mum had been flourishing here. She even had her own little job and friendship group and it healed the pain in my heart to see her so happy. "Is it her heart or an accident?"

An accident was more likely as my mums heart was as strong as mine. Maybe stronger. 

"Has she been? Or your dad? Someone?" I glanced at her face. "Where is Ian?"

"Everyone is fine and Ian is waiting for us. Everything is fine." She repeated .

She kept smiling and I frowned. I knew when I was being lied to and she was lying to me. She wouldn't be standing in my office with that strained look on her face if everything was fine.

"What's going on?" I asked in my most even tone.

"Are you almost ready to go?"

"I just need to tidy up."

"Leave it.  We need to go and talk to Ian."

I huffed. My shoulders moving up and down. "Not until you tell me what is going on Yana. You never just come here."

That was the truth.

"I just wanted to drive you from work and make sure you were," Her brown eyes narrowed as she sneakily tried to look around without me noticing. "Ok?"

Unease crawled up my spine and suddenly I was freezing cold. Something was most definitely going on because she never acted like this. Yana was funny and friendly normally although I did know she had a violent side. 

She was a fierce fighter just like Ian. She might even be sneakier than her mate.

"Is there a reason I wouldn't be safe, Yana?"

Her eyes widened at my direct approach. "No of course not, it's just-" she trailed off and I shivered. If I had been boiling hot before I was not ice cold. It seemed to flow through me. 

"It's not- it's just-" she groaned. "Ian said you would ask questions. That you would want answers but I was hoping I could get you home so he could explain." Yana sighed.

"Explain what?" My heart sank. "Is there danger here?" I looked around wildly. The last few months had been so peaceful that I'd almost forgotten the danger me and my unborn children were in. Had my past, as messed up and confusing as it was, finally caught up with me?

I'd been so happy here, started to build a life for my family. It was only in my dreams that my past came back to haunt me. Dreams of Julian. Of him asking me why I had left him when we were destined to be together.

I might have believed Ian when he told me Julian was the father of my unborn babies, but the rest of it sounded like a fairytale. It was so different to how I remembered things happening.

"The danger isn't here yet but it could be soon."

My heart sank into the pit of my stomach. "My mum?"

"Is safe. I've moved her to my fathers house. The panthers will keep her safe. Especially him." Her lips curved up in a wry smile. "I think he has a little crush on her." She admitted.

I couldn't help it I laughed. "I think it's mutual. I thought I saw them holding hands the other day but they came apart like naughty teenagers."

Yana studied me. "Would that be a problem for you?" She asked steadily. Her eyes searching my face.

"No. Of course not. All I have ever wanted was for my mum to be happy and anyway I already think of you as a sister."

She beamed one of her dazzling smiles at me. "Good."

"But family doesn't lie to each other." I added quickly. "So tell me what is going on."

She sighed and happiness vanished out of her face. "Fine." For a second she looked down at her fingers. Plucking at the nails. "The king, your king." She amended quickly. "The wolf king is sick. Deathly sick."

"Ok. He's a strong wolf." My hands twisted together. "Whatever illness he has he will beat." 

Goddess I wanted that to be true. I needed it to be true because if the king died then Julian would step up and become king and that would make me queen. 

A queen without a crown or the protection of her pack would make me an easy target.  Both of my hands came down to cradle my straining stomach. 

"Ian doesn't think it's natural. He thinks this is an attempt on the kings life." Her voice broke. "He thinks he need to go back."

Now I understood the look on her face. She was worried about her mate and with good reason. Reaching out I took her hand. "He will be fine, Yana. He's -"

"He wants you to use the gifts the goddess gave you-"

I stumbled backwards, shaking my head.

"He says his time you both went home."
###chapter 88
Julian

"This is beautiful." Megan slid her hands down the skin tight pink dress in a way that was meant to draw my eyes. "But I don't think it's quite me." She whirled about. Leaving a pile of tried on and equally skin tight dresses in a messy pile on the bed behind her. She liked to call this her room but it would never be Megan's room because it was my wife's.

Cassies.

My mate who was somewhere out there in the world and ready to pop if my calculations were right. For all I knew she had already had our babies. And where was I? Here with a woman who I hated more than anyone else in the world apart from myself.

At my side I clenched my fists. Making sure she didn't see the anger in my face as she continued to smile at me.

A few weeks I had been told. A few weeks of pretending I thought she was mine and that we had lost our baby.

And then a few weeks more of playing happy families with her. 

That was months and months ago and I was finding it harder and harder to pretend. 

Megan had infiltrated my life so completely. Slipping seamlessly into the part of my wife and mate to the point that she had taken over  Cassies room.

I hated that she slept in here but the alternative was worse. Better here than in my bed.

"Don't you think I look hot?" Again she ran her hands down her sides. "Julian."

Reluctantly I followed the lines of her body with my eyes. She was stunning, there was no denying that but she wasn't.

Mine.

I smiled , forcing myself to leer in her direction. "You always do." I added for good measure. 

Cocking out a hip she pursed her lips. "Just not my colour." A sly grin spread across her face. "Can you help me out of it so I can try on another?" 

I didn't want to but I had to keep her thinking I was interested. With a sigh I pushed myself out of my chair. "It's just a small charity thing Megan. No need for this much effort. You don't even need to come." I slid the zipper down and the dress instantly pooled at her feet.

She turned , pressing her large naked breasts again me as she stood in nothing but the skimpiest thong I had ever seen.

"We could always stay home."  She purred into my chest. 

I stiffened. Every part of me and I hated myself even more. It had been months since I had been with a woman. Cassie had been the last and I wanted it to stay that way. But that didn't mean I didn't have needs. And Megan was throwing herself at me.

I could lose myself in her for a few hours. It wouldn't mean anything.

No

I stepped back and turned away. "No." Roughly I tugged at my hair. "I should leave you to get ready. I'll meet your downstairs." I headed towards the door.

I wouldn't fuck Megan. Not now and not ever. I hadn't before and wouldn't now. The moment I gave in to her constant attempts at seduction would be the moment she tried to trap me forever.

When I got Cassie back , I wanted there to be nothing Megan shaped between us. I wouldn't mess up again.

If you get her back, my wolf said sarcastically. I hushed him even though he had a point.

"Julian how am I meant to give you a child if you don't touch me?"

I froze in the doorway. My shoulders heaved up and down. "I just don't want to rush things. We need to do things properly." It was the same excuse as I had been giving her for six months and I didn't know how much longer she would fall for it.

"You keep saying that but have you even sent anyone out to find Cassie this month?"

"Of course." That wasn't a lie. I had been searching for my wife like a mad man ever since I had found out the truth. "I want." I turned and met her eyes. "My true mate at my side."

With a squeal she rushed into my arms and this time I had no choice but to hold her. 

"Do you mean that?" She looked up into my face. Her own a mixture of happiness and triumph. She really thought she had me.

Just a few more weeks, I told myself silently. 

"I will be your wife and -"

"Yes." Gritting my teeth I did the only thing I knew would make her believe my words. I pressed my lips to hers in a kiss that turned my stomach.

Her tongue lapped into my mouth, her lips felt sticky from all the gloss she was wearing. 

"Yes." I pulled away , holding her out at arms length. "I want my wife and my mate by my side. I don't want any children I have to be illegitimate."

"I want that too. And you're right my dear. We should do this properly." Her brightly painted nails slid down my shirt. Tapping each button. "But it doesn't stop me wanting you so badly that my mouth waters." She reached my belt and went lower until she was cupping mr in her palm. 

"Are you sure you don't want me to-" she licked her painted lips to make her meaning clear.

"I wish I could but no. We don't have time." I stepped back again. "Wear the pink dress and hurry up." I flashed her a smile. "I want to show you off tonight my love."

Even saying the words made me feel sick but I only had to pretend a few more weeks or so I kept reminding myself.

Tonight would be hard with her on my arm but then again every day and night I spent in her company was hard. I just wanted my family back. 

 god I needed a drink.
###chapter 89
Cassie

It had been several months since I had been in the palace but it seemed different. Darker and more foreboding somehow. Of course that might have something to do with how grey and stormy the night sky was. 

"Carefully now." Bending down Ian helped me across a fallen log. "Are you doing ok?" He asked as another fat rain drop hit my face. We had left his car , well hidden on the edge of the palace grounds and hiked our way here. And I had felt every step.

"Yeah." I panted even though I wasn't. I was carrying around what felt like two bowling balls, my ankles were swollen and my feet hurt but I got why we couldn't just drive up to the house and announce ourselves.

We were here to help but Ian had no plans to stay. He kept saying the time wasn't right. I agreed with him but I kind of wanted to know when the time was going to be right? Not that I wanted to come back, I had a life now.

Sure it wasn't the life of luxury that should have been given to me as the wife of the kings heir but it was my life and it was happy.

Hard but I was used to that. Nothing in my life had ever been easy and I'd had to work for everything I had. It just made holding onto those things even tighter. 

My face lifted to the towering walls of the palace and traced the wet dull grey stones. It looked drab , like misery flung to it. 

It made me want to cling to my new life even tighter. I'd hold my future, my mum , and my new friends and my twins tight and I would fight for us to be happy.

After tonight I would never have to come back here. 

"I should have thought about your condition. The terrain is rough in this area." Ian took my elbow and steadied me. I smiled tiredly at him. 

"I know I remember it from we lead the run." Memories of that night flashed before my eyes. How the king himself had pulled me from the run to give me an ultimatum. I'd given him my word and then broken it. It was the first time I had ever broken a promise and it would be the last.

"I'm ok honestly." I said as Ian's eyes narrowed. "How do we get in?"

The palace might look like a simple if somewhat extravagant Manor House but I knew it was a fortress. There would be guards. I was surprised we'd even got this far.  Frowning I glanced behind me. It was really strange that we had got this far.

The hair on the back of my neck stood on end.

"There's someone waiting for us. A friend."

My ears pricked up at the sound of his words. A friend of mine here? I didn't have any friends in the royal court.

In fact I only had one friend in the entire universe that I could trust.

"Forrest?" I squeaked too loudly and Ian's eyes flashed. He pressed a finger to his lips to hush me. I lowered my voice to a hissing whisper. "Is Forrest here?"

Ian didn't answer me at first. He just crept forward and I had no choice but to sneak along with him.

"Ian, is it Forrest?" Under the shadows of the huge house I caught the back of shirt in my hand and tugged him to a stop.

"Cassie now isn't the time. We have to be quick. We only have a few hours."

I stomped my swollen foot. "I'm not going a step further until you tell me. This whole situation stinks of a trap  and -"

He whirled on me, strong hands coming down heavily on my shoulders he held me to the spot and glared down at me.

"It's not a trap or an ambush. I am not leading you to your doom. In fact I'm pissed off you would even think I would after everything I've done for you this past half a year. I have friends in this court. People who I trust with my life and with your life as well."

"I don't think we can trust anyone here." I muttered and that was the truth. Maybe once upon a time the palace was full of love and trust but it hadn't been that way for several long years. Now it just felt like the hallways were full of shadows and lies. 

"No?" A female and hurt voice spoke from the shadows. "I am hurt you think so Cassie."

Stepping to the side I peered at the tiny hunched over figure of my husbands housekeeper,

"Cathy." I rushed forward. Grabbing her in a hug and sobbing. "I am so happy to see you. So so happy I've missed you."

Stepping back she held me out at arms length. "Look at you." Her eyes scanned over my stomach and her grinned grew. "You're growing some strong pups in there and you look radiant but-" her eyes flashed. "I could murder you for running away. I was worried sick. The prince was going out of his mind. He still is although he has to hide it so the madam doesn't see."

My heart did a weird sort of flip flop. "He moved her in then?"

"More like she moved in and started pretending to be you. But not for much longer. You're back and things will go back to the way they are meant to be."

I didn't want to steal her happiness away by telling her I wasn't staying. 

"We don't have time for this." Ian snapped. "Cassie you must try and heal the king."

"I don't have any medical things with me and what about his doctors?" I held out my hands to show him they were empty.

"Heal him using your magic Cassie. If he dies now the whole kingdom might be lost."
###chapter 90
Julian 

There was a white hot pain shooting through my head. Like someone had stuffed a poker into the fire and then stabbed me through the eyes with it.

I grimaced back and even the soft pillows under my head felt like a torture device.

Just how drunk had I been last night but the answer to that question was pounding away against my skull.

I had been drunk. Not tipsy, but fall down black out drunk. Which was amazing because normally it was impossible for me to get more than a slight buzz. My wolf metabolism just burnt away the alcohol too fast to take effect.

That meant I had must have drunk the bar at the charity event dry.

Cranking open my eyes a slit I cried out again as blinding white sunlight set fire to my retinas. Had I got into bed without even pulling the drapes over the window? That was a rookie mistake but in my defence I hadn't exactly been in this position before.

Screwing my eyes shut against the light I tried to quieten my mind and that's when I heard it. The sound of the shower being turned off in my bathroom.

The sudden silence was deafening and more painful then any headache. Someone was in there.

Just how wasted had I been.

Lifting the blankets up I peered down the length of my naked body. Being nude wasn't a shock. I always slept that way. The bright pink lipstick smudged across my hip was was though.

I'd been so drunk I had taken a random woman to bed? Even after I had promised myself I would never ever betray Cassie now I knew who she was to me.

"Good morning my love."

My head snapped up as Megan came to a stop in the doorway. Her freshly washed hair dripping water down her naked body. She hadn't even bothered to grab a towel she just stood there in all her naked glory and smiled at me.

"I thought you were never going to wake up. I did think about -" she cocked out a hip and licked her lips. "Waking you up nicely."

There was no denying what she meant and I felt sick. Tearing my eyes away from the perfect lines of her tight body I swung my legs out of the bed. The room around me span. 

I felt sick.

Not because of the hangover but because of what I had done.

"Are you ok?" She asked sweetly and it just made it worse. I was such a fuck up.

"Let me look after you Julian." 

I could hear her soft footsteps coming closer to me and jumped to my feet. What ever had happened between us last night could never happen again.

"Please Julian." She moaned as I sidestepped her outstretched hand. "Why are you acting like this now?"

Risking a glance at her face I watched as a tear slipped down her cheek. She looked genuinely hurt. 

"I just don't feel the greatest." It wasn't a lie. It wasn't the whole truth but it wasn't an outright lie. "I'm just going to shower. You should probably get dressed. Don't you have work today?"

Not that she had gone to her job for weeks and even before then she wasn't dedicated. She had a job that was meant to be Cassies. Just like she was in Cassies place in my home.

Megan was acting more and more like my luna with every day that passed and I hated it. I just couldn't get out of it.

Just a few more weeks of pretence and I wouldn't ever have to see her smirking face ever again.

Unless.

My heart slammed into my rib cage. I had slept with her. For real this time. What if that lapse of judgement resulted in a pup? I would be trapped with her forever.

"Did we?" I swallowed hard. My Adam's apple bobbing. "Did we take precautions?"

Megan's eyebrows slammed down. "No, why would we? We both want to start a family don't we?" She searched my face with her eyes and they narrowed. "I can already feel our baby growing."

That was impossible and we both knew it.

"I am going to be a great mum."

Debatable but I kept the frown off my face as she continued to smile up at me.

"And you will make an amazing daddy."

Also debatable I had made so many mistakes in the last year and they were costing me everything. I hadn't acted like a man, and made decisions a boy would make.

Losing Cassie changed all of that.

I could see what was right in front of my face now or more specifically I could see who wasn't and she was the person I needed more than anyone else.

"We are going to be so happy Julian." She took another step towards me and my phone started to ring. 

Saved by the bell.

Snatching it up, I lifted my hand to silence her, "hello?" I didn't even care who would be bothering me on a Sunday morning.

"Your highness? It's the King. He's taken a turn for the worse ." A deep breath almost like the man on the other end of the line was afraid to say the next words. "You have to come quickly."

"I'll come right away." I muttered and ended the call. But I didn't move towards the shower. It was like I frozen in place my mind whirling.

If the king died then it would all land on me. All of it. And suddenly I didn't want it. I had been trained my whole life to rule and I didn't want to,

The king needed to live.

"What's wrong Julian?" Megan asked, "you look like you have seen a ghost."

I didn't say anything I just moved around her and headed towards the bathroom. I hadn't seen a ghost I had seen the future and if the king died it looked bleak.

"Get dressed Megan." I called over my shoulder. "Looks like today is the day you meet the King."
###chapter 91
Cassie

Just use your magic. That's what Ian had said like it was the most natural thing in the world. When in reality it wasn't. I hadn't been able to spark the magic that healed for more than a few seconds in the entire time I had been away and even before then, when it had sparked out of my fingertips I hadn't meant to do it.

Hell I hadn't even known what I was doing.

The panther healer had tried to teach me but it hadn't been working. I couldn't get control of it. My fingers speakers and burned leaving them blackened with soot but there was none of that comforting warmth.

So I had no idea what Ian expected me to do. If the Kings doctors couldn't help him what the hell was I meant to do? And then of course there was the fact i might accidentally kill him.

My feet paused , and without meaning to I glanced to my right. Julian's childhood bedroom was right there. Less that a foot away. I'd only been in there once and it hadn't gone well. Without thinking about it I reached out and brushed my fingers against the wood.

Warmth spread up my fingers and spiralled up my arm making it ache.

"Cassie?" A few steps in front of me Ian paused and turned. His eyebrows slammed together as he stared at me. "Is everything ok?" His eyes travelled down my body and his frown deepened.

"Yeah." Dropping my hand to my side I walked ahead. "Why wouldn't it be. I just don't think I'm going to be able to help." I muttered.

Several seconds passed and we walked along in silence. No guards stepped out of shadows and challenged us. It was like the whole palace was asleep. Even Cathy seemed to have disappeared. Ian had more friends here then he let on. And I was glad about that. It didn't stop me being worried though. 

This whole situation was just- odd.

"Ian?" I couldn't help the trembling to my voice as he stopped and pushed open one of two wide double doors and stepped through. I hesitated before following agter him.

"Cassie." His voice was tired. "Will you get in here before you are seen."

"I'm a doctor not a magic user." I snapped back. "The king already has doctors. The best doctors." Shuffling my feet I walked in after him. My eyes found the bed straight away and the blood drained from my face and made me dizzy as I stared at the greyish face of the king. 

He was dying.

Yes his heart still beat but the body around it was already dead.

"There's nothing I can do here Ian. Even the best doctors in the world can't help him now and I've never been the best."

"You always do that." He snapped.

"Do what?" The old king even smelt like he was already dead. I pressed my hand under my nose to try and stifle the stench. 

"Put yourself down. You are more than a doctor Cassie. You are a healer. And you promised to try." He lowered his voice. "Try and use your magic."

"I can't harness it and -"

He grabbed my wrist and yanked my hand up. "Then why is your arm glowing."

I stared at it open mouthed. What the hell?

"It began the second you touched Julian's door. I think being close to something of your mates helped."

I wanted to argue back but I couldn't. The time of pretending Julian wasn't fated to be in my life was long over. It didn't mean I had to bend over and take what he dished out though. Those days were over as well.

Trembling I shook Ian free and tiptoed over to the bed.

"You're highness." I whispered. There was no answer. He just lay there like a corpse who had forgotten to stop breathing. Reaching down I touched his forehead and it was clammy and cold. It felt almost slimy under my fingers and I had to fight back the urge to yank my hand away. The old man's breathing caught in his throat and stuck there.

"Cassie-" Ian panicked behind me. And the king's breath rattled out again. He went back to breathing normally and I let out a sigh of relief.

"I know." Falling to my knees.i pressed my hand to his forehead and closed my eyes. Concentrating on, I had no clue what. That was a close one. Too close for comfort actually.

"Is anything happening?" Ian hissed. "Cassie?" 

I tried to drown out his words but it was impossible. "I can't concentrate with you breathing down my neck Ian. Back the fuck up-" I froze. My head cocked to the side as the faint sound of a car pulling up to the drive hit my eats. Ian heard it as well. I could tell by the way his spine snapped straight.

"What's that?" I whispered climbing to my feet. 

"Trouble."  He reached out a hand. "We need to find somewhere to hide and quickly."

Torn I looked between the dying man on the bed and my protector. " but the king?"

"You can't do anything for him dead Cassie. We will try again when it's dark and they have gone." Gripping my hand he tugged me from the room and down the same corridor but in the opposite direction to what we had come. Ian knew this palace scarily well and I had to trust him.

I had to.

"I'm going to find somewhere you can hide and-" he paused. His whole body tensing as he looked behind me and then as quick as a snake he took a defensive position in front of me and faced back down towards the kings chambers.

"Fuck." He swore and at first I didn't know what was causing him such distress. I didn't understand it until the smallest breeze blew into my face.

And I smelt it.

Him.

Julian was here.
 ###chapter 92
Julian

It was cloudier here then it had been back home and that suited me just fine because even with everything going on my head was still splitting with pain.

"When we get inside-" I risked a sideways glance at Megan who was preening in a little hand held mirror at my side and clearly ignoring me as she swiped her lipstick over her too fill lips. The colour of her lipstick was exactly the same shade as the lip stick on my body this morning.

"Megan." I snapped. 

She turned her head to me with the most knowing smile on her face. "I've been listening to every word Julian." She snapped right back and my eyebrows shot up in shock.  "I just wanted to make myself look presentable."

"I don't think the king cares." I muttered under my breath as the car pulled up the final stretch of driveway and came to a stop in front of the wide doors. And not one guard stepped out to greet us.

Not one.

In fact I hadn't seen anyone at all since we had hit the ground.

The place was as quiet as a ghost town.

Instantly my the heckles on the back of my neck lifted and I rubbed at it absently. 

"Maybe I'm trying to look nice for another king." She purred back, reaching for my knee she squeezed. I wanted to slap her hand away and tell her to shut up. I wasn't ready to be king. Only the foolish thought they were ready to lead and after all I had failed to keep my mate and children safe , how the hell could I be expected to keep an entire race of beings safe? I had too much to learn and if the phone call was to be believed, not much time to do it. 

"I'm not the king yet." I ground out between my teeth and in answer she laughed. I had never in all of my life heard someone sound so triumphant.

"Prince Julian?" The car door swung open and the driver ducked his head to me politely. "We have arrived."

I rolled my eyes. No shit Sherlock I wanted to say but stopped when the wind picked up.

Half out of the car I froze. My head cocked to the side. It was strange, the wind was blowing hard and fast but it seemed gentle against my face.

And it was the sweetest smelling wind I had ever tasted.

"Julian?" My name called out my a familiar voice shook me out of the daydream although it still lingered around the edges. A fantasy. Something I wanted desperately but was always just out of reach.

Straightening, I glared at my housekeeper. "Cathy. What are you doing here?" She had asked for some time off to care for a sick relative and yet somehow she was here.

"You're not meant to be here." She swallowed hard and the sound of it was loud even over the low thrum of the engine still idling behind us.

I took a step forward, not in a threatening way but she backed up anyway. "I could say the same thing about you." I pointed out.

The wind blew my hair into my eyes and I sucked in a breath. There it was again. That scent. It was half hidden under something else I knew well but I ignored that.

"Welcome young prince." She said remembering herself. "Let's get you into the kitchen and -"

Ian.

Ian was here and so was -

The smell of her filled my lungs.

"Stay in the car Megan. Do not let her leave." I slammed the car door on her shocked face and turned back to my housekeeper.

"Get out of my way Cathy." I warned as she stepped directly in my way. "Now."

"I can't do that sir." She stretched our her hands.

Frowning I stopped. She knew I would go right though her , there was no way she could withstand my attack but she stood there with her head held high anyway.

Except she wasn't going to fight me, she was just trying to distract me so the people inside had a chance of getting away.

I couldn't let that happen. Taking her by the shoulders I lifted her bodily out of the way. Scowling down at her red flustered face. "We will discuss why you have been keeping my mate from me another time Cathy."

Without looking back I took off at a run. Taking the wide sweeping staircase three steps at a time until I came to the royal wing.

Her scent was so strong up here that I knew it wasn't my imagination. She was here. 

Right here.

Skidding to a stop right opposite my bedroom door I reached out and touched it and power zapped up my arm.

So much power that for a second my blood seemed to boil in my veins and my lungs constricted. It took everything I had to keep on my feet.

One breath and then another and then- my vision cleared. 

Lifting my bowed head I stared down the long shadowy corridor and the retreating backs of-

It was them. It had to be. My mate and my oldest most trusted friend.

Mu vision seemed to pinpoint on them. 

"Julian." Ian's voice carried. Although I knew he wasn't shouting. He stepped in front of the woman with her back to me. Completely doing her from my view.

"You look good old friend." He said his eyes swiftly moving across my body.  "We were just leaving." 

I couldn't help it I laughed. "I don't think I can allow that. I've been looking for the pair of you for months."

"Is that right?" Ian's hands were loose at his sides but I wasn't fooled. I had trained in hand to hand combat with him enough times to know he was ready for anything I threw at him. 

He thought I was going to attack him. He still thought I didn't know the truth.

"Where is she Ian?" I was too tired for this although my hangover had disappeared.

"Who?" Innocently Ian spread his hands wides. "I don't know who you are talking about." He said like I hadn't already seen the bouncy long black ponytail tumbling down her back or smelt her scent on the wind.

"My mate."

The smile slipped and a frown slammed down on his face.

"I'm guessing she is in the car that brought you or in you home?" He wasn't even trying to pretend we were friends now.

"Where is my wife?" My temper was about to snap. And if it did , I wouldn't care that he was a friend and that I had forgiven him. I was a wolf and he was standing between me and the woman I loved. "Where is Cassie?"

"I'm here Julian." And then Cassie stepped out from behind his back.
###chapter 93
Cassie

It took everything I had not to run away the second my husband spoke. But I did it.

"I'm here Julian." Stepping from behind Ian's back I felt my muscles lock up because I was shaking and trembling so hard. 

His eyes snapped to my face and even though he was half a long hallway away I saw his full lips part in a sigh. The sound of it echoed around me. He sounded like a sigh of content.

"Cassie."  Julian took a step forward and again Ian jumped half in front of me. Like he wanted to protect me. I got that, I could understand it. I wanted him to protect me from the unreadable look on Julian's face. 

"Stop." Ian threw up a hand. "Don't come any closer."

Julian ignored him totally. "You would keep me away from my wife?" The tone of his voice was almost mocking. Strangely it was full of laughter. 

"There isn't a force on this earth that could keep me from her now." A dozen feet away Julian stopped. "Not even you Ian."

Ian sighed. "Just let her go Julian. You're argument is with me." He sounded resigned and I hated that because I knew what he was going to do and it was a death sentence. 

How would I ever look Yana in the face if I got her mate killed? Would I even get to see her and the other panther again? If Ian died fighting Julian I would be kept prisoner here for the rest of my days. I may even be executed and my babies with me. I would never see any of them again.

I would never see my mother again. She would be completely unprotected.

"No." Julian said stiffly with a shake of his head. "I can never-"

"Stop." I stalked between them. My hands on my hips. "Stop it right now." I snapped at Ian as he pulled his lips back from his teeth and snarled out a warning. 

"Cassie." Julian moaned my name and I whirled back towards him only to find his eyes glued to my stomach and his mouth swinging open in shock. "I can't believe -"

One eyebrow arched up. "You didn't know I was pregnant?"

He seemed to shake himself. "I was told but being told and seeing you with my own eyes is-" He took another step forward , his hand outstretched like he wanted to touch my bump. I scooted away and his face fell.

"You don't want me to touch you?"

I shook my head. Truth was I wanted that more than anything else in the world. I was fighting against a need so strong in me that it felt like my soul was being burned alive. Every second I stood in front of him and didn't fall into his arms was agony.

"Your touch has never been gentle." 

His face fell even more. "I know but -" again his eyes scanned my protruding stomach. "That was before I saw the truth."

I couldn't help the hope that lit up my heart. "The truth?"

"That you're mine," he said simply. "That you have been my mate since we were the children. That those babies are mine."

"Supposedly anyway." I muttered and behind me Ian grumbled . "That isn't helping Cassie. He's willing to listen. Don't ruin this."

I turned back to my husband. Giving him all of my imagination. "Are you willing to listen?"

"Yes." 

He said it too quickly. Instantly I went on edge. 

Seeing the look on my face Julian forced himself to smile. "I just want to talk Cassie. I've been searching for you for the last six months. Ian is entirely too good at his job."

I giggled before I could stop myself. That was something we could agree on.

"And then we are free to go?" 

The moment I said it, his face closed down. A darkness entered his eyes and he didn't look away quick enough to hide it.

"No." He said finally. "I can't let you go. Not now I have you back Cassie. My family."

I wanted to scream at him. That this was all his fault anyway. If he was without a family it was because of his own actions. 

"You would-"

"Why did you come here Cassie?"

"To try and help the king."

"And?" Hope made his voice higher than it usually was. "Can you help him?"

"I don't know." I didn't want to make him angry and flat out tell him no, there was no hope for the king now. He might linger on for weeks but the disease in his body would one day win. It would be a day sooner than anyone wanted. 

"Can you try? Stay and try and we can talk and make sure -" again his eyes scattered before landing on my stomach. 

"Make sure our stories are straight?" I cocked my head to the side. "Do I have a choice?"

He didn't say a word.

"I'll stay." I said and behind me Ian let out a growl. "I'll stay for as long as you need me to but-"

Julian's eyes narrowed. 

"Ian gets to leave. Right this second." I demanded,

"Hell no." Ian gripped me by the shoulder and span me around. "I won't let you do this. I'll get us out."

"Just promise me you will look after my mum and the others. Protect them." I smiled and he opened his mouth to bluster.

Ignoring him I crossed the space between me and my husband until I had to crane my neck up to look at him. This close up he still looked handsome but there were now fine lines around his eyes. He looked tired.

"Ian gets to leave. If that's what it takes to keep you." He smiled. Reaching for my cheek he pushed a dark strand of hair behind my ear and I shivered at his touch.

"Julian, baby?" Megan's unmissable voice wafted up the stairs.

"We need to get you both out of sight." He mumbled and took my hand. "Ian, you know where to go?"

For a second Ian stared at him and then he nodded. "I know where to go."
 ###chapter 94
Julian

I watched as Ian took Cassies arm and lead her away fast and my heart thundered with the need to rip her away from him.  I couldn't be a beast around her any longer even if I wanted to be. 

No I had to be diplomatic. Cassie had agreed to stay long enough to talk to me and try and help the king on the condition that Ian went free and I had agreed readily but truthfully if they had both wanted to leave they were free to go. I couldn't keep my mate at my side if she didn't want to be there. 

In a way it was probably best she did leave at least for a little while. I still had enemies and I had to get rid of Megan. I had a feeling she would not be happy about vacating the position she had forced herself into.

I shook the thought away and rushed to keep up with them. It shouldn't surprise me that Ian knew where I planned on taking them but in a way it did. Ian had just always been there. Doing his job as beta exceptionally well. But he was more than just any beta. He was skilled and wily and more capable than I had ever realised. He would have made an exceptional alpha. 

I blinked and they seemed to disappear into the wall. Only I knew they hadn't disappeared at all. He had used to the secret door. The palace was full of secret rooms and corridors. Sound proof and magic proof. You stepped inside and you just vanished without a trace. Growing up I had been forbidden on exploring them under the threat that the bones of people lost in them would be the last thing I ever saw. 

Even now as an adult I only knew of one of two rooms. Rooms like the one they had just vanished into.

Behind me I could hear Megan's heels coming up the stairs fast. I did not want to be seen by her. It would spoil everything. 

Pressed the special panel I slipped inside. And headed down a pitch black corridor. Soon enough I stepped into what looked like a giant conference room. 

A desk littered with papers, a long table surrounded by chairs. Books and shelves lined the walls apart from in one corner where a curtain swung. There were no windows here. The curtain hid something else. 

Ian was at the table, pulling out a chair for Cassie to fall into.

"Thank you." She smiled up at him. Causing jealousy to rise up my throat again. The way she smiled at him bothered me. It was like they were now more than friends.

Were they sleeping together? That would be an insult I would not be able to forgive.

"Don't even think it."

I glanced up to find Ian staring directly at me. His eyes were intense.

"What?" Cassie raised an eyebrow.

"He's wondering if we are sleeping together." Ian muttered.

"Gross." Her lips curled and I didn't even bother to hide my smile.

"No offence." She flicked her eyes up to Ian who was hovering over her.

"None taken."

"So where are we? Shouldn't we be trying to get out now your lover is here?" Cassie's eyes locked on mine. They were almost challenging.

"She is not my lover." I retorted. "And honestly this is the safest place for the both of you now. You won't be found here."

She glanced around. "Where is here?" She frowned and a tiny line appeared between her eyebrows. "I didn't see a door."

"That's because there isn't one." Ian answered smoothly. "Welcome to the war rooms."

"War rooms?" She echoed slowly. "We haven't been at war in-"

"We are always at war, it just doesn't happen on a battle ground now." Ian said. "But Julian is right. We are safer here then anywhere else until the coast is clear." Ian's turned towards me. "You will need to get rid of her,"

"I know and I will- I just need to talk to Cassie first." I took a step forward. And her eyes followed me nervously. She shifted in her seat. Leaning away from me.

"I'm not going to hurt you Cassie." I swore.

Her eyes told me she didn't believe me. "You used to enjoy hurting me."

"You used to enjoy being hurt." I reminded her. Our marriage had never been full of love but it had always been full of passion. "But I just want to know everything." She was still looking at me like I was the enemy.

"Are you ok?" She had suddenly gone pale. All of the colour leaving her face, like it had been drained away.

"Cassie." I fell to my knees in front of her. Reaching for her hands and squeezing them until she turned her face to me.

"I'm fine." She lied and everyone in the room knew she was lying. "I just felt a little dizzy there for a second."

"Have you eaten today?" I kept rubbing my thumb over the back of her hands.

"No she hasn't and the trek in was rough." Ian moved away from the table. "I'll go and get some food and drink from the kitchens."

A wave of panic flowed across Cassies face. "You're leaving me?"

He reached down and touched her shoulder. "I won't be long. And Julian won't hurt you."

I wanted to agree with him but I knew she wouldn't believe me. 

"Don't get caught." I smiled at him.

"I didn't when I was a kid. I'm not about to now. I'll be back soon. You guys-" his eyes darted between us. "Talk."

He left quickly and I watched Cassies face as she watched him go with her mouth open. 

"Well-" she finally sighed and her eyes found mine. "Um-" she bit her lip. "You look well." She finished politely and I laughed. She was being so restrained , like we were strangers and maybe in a way we were. 

We had to get to know each other for real this time.

"And you look beautiful." I added bringing her hands to my lips. I kissed each one in turn. "Now shall we finally talk?"
###chapter 95
Cassie

"Shall we talk?" He asked.

I shrugged, I didn't really want to but I knew it had to be done. "Sure." Another shrug. "I guess we should." Shifting my weight in the chair, I grimaced as pain radiated from my feet. Julian saw it straight away. His brow furrowed. "You're in pain." He didn't ask it like a question but I felt I needed to answer him anyway. 

"Just me feet. They don't do well with the extra weight." Smiling I caressed my stomach like I always did when I was alone. Except- I blushed. I wasn't alone and Julian was staring at me tenderly.

Weird.

"Here." Settling back he dropped my hands and pulled my booted foot into his lap. Unlacing it quickly he pulled it off and my grossly sweaty sock along with it. The other followed suit before I could even say anything. Until both my feet were nestled in his laps. I wiggled my toes and sighed. It felt instantly better to be free but-

"What are you doing?" I hissed as he lifted one foot and began kneading it. 

"Giving you a foot massage Cassie." Julian said it like it was the most obvious thing in the world. 

It was weird. This whole situation was just downright strange. Was Julian. Prince of the wolves really kneading my feet like some loving husband and mate? It looked like it and it felt like it as well. I sighed almost content.

"Stop it." I growled out shaking myself. This couldn't be happening. The whole situation was freaking me out. I had come here to try and help the king not get foot rubs from my estranged husband. 

Hell I wasn't even meant to see him. Quickly in and out was what Ian had promised me.

Asshole.

He lifted his eyes to me. "You don't like it? Or is it because I'm the one doing it?" There was a note of accusation in his voice and I growled again.

"Stop it Julian. You said you wanted to talk and you are just trying to start a fight?"

He reeled back , somehow keeping my foot in his hand. A look of shock on his face. "Is that what you think I am doing?"

Defiantly I stared at him. How could he not see that was what he was doing? It's what he always did. Six months apart hadn't changed that about him.

"You're my mate Cassie. I want to take care of you."

Throwing my head back I laughed. "Oh come off it Julian. You never wanted to do that six months ago. In fact." I shifted my weight and put both my feet back on the carpet. "I remember clearly you telling me that you enjoyed torturing me."

His face fell.

"Look." Straightening I reached for his face. It was so strange but I hated seeing him in pain. "I don't mean to be cold but we both know this change of heart is because of what you have been told and not what you feel. We don't know if we are actually mates or not. We don't know if -"

"If the babies you carry are mine?" He finished for me.

Part of me didn't want to answer that for fear that he would blow up. I was in a serious vulnerable position right now.

"Then let's talk about - the night we got married." He said quietly. I remained silent. "Do you want me to start?" Without warning he lifted my foot back into his hands. "I'll tell my story and you can say whether it lines up with yours but I will be easing your discomfort at the same time."

"Ok." My voice trembled. Why was I suddenly terrified of hearing the truth? I should have wanted it but in reality I was scared of it. If he turned out to be the man I had made love to on my desk on the night of my wedding then he was indeed my mate. I had felt the connection and the never ending insatiable need the moment we had touched. 

"I hid-"

Shaking myself I turned my concentration back to him and realised he had been speaking and I hadn't been listening. 

"I hid in an office. It wasn't the only one open in that hallway so I don't know what made me choose it." He shrugged.  "It just felt like my best option. Maybe because it was the darkest or seemed that way. So I hid. The drugs were making it harder and harder to run so I knew hiding was the only way I could stay alive and then-" his eyes lifted and met mine. "The door opened and I thought I was doing to die. I was ok with that right up until I smelt the woman coming in. I grabbed hold of her-"

His memories were my memories. "You put your hand over my mouth." I closed my eyes.

"And then I put my lips on her and I didn't know why I did it."

I turned my head away. I didn't really remember that bit. I didn't know who had been the first one to kiss the other. It had all just happened in a blur of lips and hands and unthinkable pleasure.

"I was like a man possessed but the remnants of the drugs lifted. There was nothing but her as came together on her desk.  Nothing until-" The fingers kneading my sole slowed and slid up to grip my ankle. "Nothing but you. You were all I could think about. I searched for you and the only name that came back was-"

I closed my eyes. "Megan's. That's why you thought she was the one."

"She was the one on the roster."

"I wasn't meant to work that day. It was my wedding day. But you didn't see me. You didn't recognise me." 

"I guess I deserved that," slowly he lifted my foot to his mouth and kissed my instep. His eyes glued to my face. "I see you now Cassie. I see nothing but you and you are blinding me."
###chapter 96
Cassie 

His words echoed in my head, bouncing around and around. And even though I understood there meaning they didn't make sense.

His fingers slid up under my leggings. Kneading my tortured calves. I froze. Glancing down at him. "Julian." I whispered. He stared up at me. His eyes glowing and there could be no denying the look in them.

Lust blossomed in my lower stomach. 

"You are the only thing I see Cassie." His fingers continued to move. "Let me prove that to you." Again he kissed my foot.

Usually my feet were a no go zone but it had been a long time since I had been touched by a man. The last person had been him. But it hadn't been like this.

This was tender. And maybe that was the problem. I wanted sweet but I wasn't sure if I wanted it from him. It wasn't what I was used to. 

"Stop doing that," I moaned again. A small smile curved up his lips. "I mean it."

"If you want me to stop touching you, I will." He didn't let go of my leg but he did stop kissing my foot. "But I don't think you do. I think you enjoy my touch just as much now as you always have."

He was right. And an asshole. I hated that he was both. "I'm all gross from the trek and the ride down." I muttered. I didn't even want to think about how bad my feet smelt. And the rest of me wouldn't be much better.

"You are perfect." He smiled up at me. "I want you."

I rolled my eyes. Typical man who thought with his cock and not his brain. "I am huge Julian."

"You are beautiful." Kneeling up his hands hovered over my stomach. "Can I?"

"Yes."

Instantly his hands dropped to my stomach. And a look of wonder filled his eyes. "My babies are in there."

"So it would seem." Our stories did line up so yes I had little doubt now that I was indeed carrying his children. "Julian." I whimpered as his hands pushed my top up and his hands came to settle on my naked skin. Leaning over me he kissed my bump over and over again.

"Your mummy is such an amazing woman little ones and I am forever in her debt for keeping you safe when I was to blind to see. I won't let any of you down again. I promise."

It was sweet and caring and down right hot as sin because which woman didn't want a man to say those things whilst kissing her bump.

Julian's hands slid all around, pushing my top up further and further until they brushed the underside of my breasts. 

I moaned loudly. The sound of it shocked the  both of us. He pulled back slightly. "I'm sorry I didn't mean to."

Sucking in a deep breath I tried to gather my wits about me and slow my heartbeat but it was impossible. "I don't mind." The words left my mouth before I knew what I was saying. But I didn't regret them. I wanted him. Just him. And now we were face to face again I couldn't deny it.

"I want to touch you." He whispered. "Being this close to you and not having you in my arms is torture. I don't know how I've lasted 6 months."

In answer I grabbed his hand. Pressing it over my right breast. He hesitated a second before closing his hand over it and drawing out another breathy moan from my lips.

"Then touch me." I whispered. "Kiss me."

He was on me in a second. Pulling me to the edge of my seat so he could slip between my knees and kiss me. Julian's lips were soft and insistent. Mine parted under his. 

"Oh Cassie." Sliding his hands further up my jumper he pulled it off. Tossing it behind me and leaving me in nothing but my leggings and the ugliest bra in the world. Shame filled my chest. Crossing my arms over my breasts I turned my head away.

"Stop staring at me." I muttered out of the corner of my mouth. Too embarrassed to look at him. "I know I am huge and disgusting."

"No you're not." Julian's lips found mine again. "You are beautiful. Absolute perfection. I didn't think ive ever seen you look so good or wanted you so much." He cupped my breast over my bra and kissed me harder. 

"But-"

Julian nipped at my bottom lip. Silencing me. "Stop thinking about it too hard Cassie. As long as you want me as much as I want you then nothing else matters." His voice shook with lust and surprisingly he sounded unsure of himself. Almost like I held all of his future happiness in the palm of my hand.

"I think you want me still. I think you love me."

"I do want you." I admitted in a breathless rush. There was no point denying it. He would smell a lie anyway. "I am your mate. But-"

"No buts." Julian growled. "You are mine and I am yours." He slipped the thick straps of my bra down my arms, my breasts popped free and I shivered. My nipples pebbling up instantly in the chilly air.  "Nothing else matters." Ducking his head he nuzzled into the valley between them. Kissing each mound with soft lazy nips and sucks.

I let my head fall back. My breathing coming in thick wet gasps as he kissed all over my breasts and up and down my neck. There seemed to be no rush in it. He was enjoying tasting my skin just as much as I was. 

This was how it should of been between us from the beginning. It felt like a continuation from that day in my office when we didn't even know who each other was.

My eyes flew open and drifted towards the desk in the corner. Following my gaze Julian's lips curved up into a smile.

"I was just thinking the same." He grinned. "Come with me." Jumping up he took me by the hand and lead me towards it.  Motioning for me to sit on it polished wood and leather surface. 

"I want you so fucking much Cassie. I feel like I'm going to burst."

I wanted that as well. "Then take me."

"Is it safe-" His eyes darted to my stomach. "I don't want to hurt any of you."

"It's safe."

Relief flooded his handsome face. "Thank the goddess for that."
###chapter 97
Julian 

Cassie's words were like music to my ears. Trailing my lips down her throat I hovered over her breasts. Squeezing them together with my hands I admired them for a second. They were bigger now. Filling my hands completely and the feel of them was magic. Without another thought I ducked my head down and sucked one perky rosy nipple into my mouth. Cassie stiffened for a second and then with a low breathy moan she pulled me into her breast harder. Her hands clutching at my dark hair.

It was awkward because of her stomach and I couldn't get as close to her as I wanted but it was still everything I needed.

I had missed her. Even before I had known who she really was I had missed and needed her. What I had felt when we were together had never been hate it had been obsession. I wanted to own her body and mind but most of all heart.

And I needed her to want me too. 

That was more important to me than anything else. That she loved me. That she was willing to give us the chance we deserved. I would do anything she needed me to do to make that happen.

"Julian please." She clutched me tighter as I came off her breast with a wet pop and quickly sucked the other one into my mouth. "Please fuck me."

"Love." I licked that pink point upwards until it was straining for my lips and teeth to nibble and bite it. 

"What?" She tugged at my hair. Yanking it up in tufts.

"You want me to make love to you." I corrected her softly. "Stand up."

She grumbled. "Why?" 

She sounded like a petulant child. A needy impatient one and I loved it. It meant she wanted and needed me as much as I wanted her.

"Because I can't get your clothes off like this. Now do as you're told."

She attempted to jump down and almost fell. "Please remember-" the words died on my lips as she began to strip. Her fingers shaking. My mate didn't just need me she was ravenous for me.

Smiling I stood back and watched as she jerked off the remainder of her clothes.

"I wanted to strip you slowly." I murmured when she finally stood there naked in front of me. "I wanted to savour every second of it."

Cassie cocked her head to the side. "I can always put them back on?"

Laughing I crushed her to me. "Oh hell no." My mouth found hers again. My tongue swiping against hers over and over again before I sucked it into my mouth. Picking her up and wrapping her legs around me was impossible in her condition but that's what I wanted to do. 

There were other things I wanted to do as well. Things I could do easily. 

Locking eyes with her I dropped to my knees. Sliding my hand around her waist to cup her round ass I pressed my face into her mound. Sucking in sweet lungfuls of her unique scent for a second. Then I flicked the tip of my tongue against her clit.

"Julian." Cassie's nails stabbed into my scalp as I continued to tease at that little bundle of nerves over and over again. Under my fingers she was trembling. Her muscles tensing.  

"Cassie." I said her name back to her. Parting her thighs so I could trace her slit with my tongue. From ass to clit and back down again before I hardened my tongue and pushed it into her. 

The taste of her was an explosion on my tongue. And suddenly I was addicted. More than addicted , she was the very oxygen I needed. Up until that moment the mate bond had been weak and barely there. The magic that hid us from each other hiding its true intensity but the moment I tasted her sweet tanginess on my tongue, the magic disappeared. Snapping like it had never been there to begin with.

I loved her with everything I had. I needed her more than the air in my lungs.

I would die without her.

She screamed my name, her voice of mixture of pleasure and fear and I knew she felt it as well. 

"Julian please." She ground herself into my mouth and I glanced up. Desperate to see her eyes but her bump was in the way. 

I knew what she wanted though because it was what I wanted as well.

One last lick , so I could hold her juices in my mouth I crawled back up her body. Kissing her lips so she could taste herself. "Cassie."

"I need you inside of me Julian." 

I kissed her again. Being pregnant made Cassie horny and I loved it. I just didn't want to hurt her.

"I don't know-" 

How did one go about fucking their newly found mate when she was hugely pregnant? 

Reaching for my face , she cupped my cheeks in my hand. "Fuck me how you always fuck me. Hard and brutal." Her eyes searched my face. "Don't show me any mercy. Take my body hard." Her lips quirked against mine in a small smile. "I am yours."

All of my control snapped. The need and the lust rushed over me in an uncontrollable wave.  "I'm not going to be gentle." I span her around. Pushing her down until she had to catch herself on the edge of the desk. My fingers shook and I shoved my trousers down to my knees and stepped into her. My cock strained, jumping and bobbing to be inside of her again.

"If I hurt you." Gritting my teeth I coated the swollen head of my cock in her wetness. "Then tell me to stop."

"I will never tell you to stop." She screamed as I slammed into her. Pushing myself into her tight body as far as I could go.

"I will never ever tell you to stop Julian. I am yours."
###chapter 98
Cassie

My body ached. Especially between my legs but it wasn't just there either. It was everywhere. Not a bad ache just a little tight and uncomfortable.

My pussy felt thoroughly used though which wasn't surprising because he had taken me at my word and screwed me hard. And when my legs had given out and I couldn't hold myself up anymore he had lifted me into his arms like I weighed nothing at all and laid me down in the comfortable bed that was hidden by the curtain I had wondered about early.

That's where I was now. Nestled in a cocoon of contentness and smiling happily to myself with my eyes closed. 

I had no reason to be happy but I was. Things were finally looking up. And there was no doubt now that Prince Julian was my mate. He was also the father of my children. And what a dad he would make. I already knew he was going to be amazing. Not because he had been an amazing husband so far because he hadn't but because he had always wanted to be a father.

"Do you think she will be able to help?" Julian's voice drifted to me. "Do you think she is strong enough?"

I frowned. My husband was clearly talking to someone and I had missed half the conversation because I had been asleep but it was pretty clear that he was talking about me. There was no one else he could be talking about.

"She came didn't she?" Ian's voice sounded offended. "Even in her condition she came. She doubts her abilities but-" there was a pause. "She is capable of anything she puts her mind too.  There's very few people I know that are quite like her Julian."

I heard my husbands sigh. "You saw from the start didn't you. Just like Cathy."

"We knew who she really was Julian but yes we saw it. Cassie is the kind of person who people gravitate towards. She's -"

"I treated her like shit. I was blind and chose wrong. I don't know how I'm even going to get her forgiveness."

In answer Ian chuckled low in his throat. "It sounded like you are well on your way to that Julian. I hope you both had a nice reunion."

From my place hiding under the blankets. I bushed. Ian had heard?  How embarrassing.

"I think the hormones made her horny." 

"And I have heard enough." Ian ground out. "But Cassie is a good soul , she will forgive you. But you are going to have to do the right thing. Even if it's hard."

Silence met my eyes and I strained to hear something just in case they were talking quieter now. It felt important to listen and learn.

"Except I don't know what the right thing is. All I know is that I want Cassie to be safe. I need her-"

Ian sighed. "No one can know she is here Julian. She's too vulnerable right now and you know it. If your enemies realise you know the truth about her then they will take her out and end your line. She is safe with me I swear to you. She is also happy."

Julian's sigh was loud. "Just a few more weeks of Megan." He muttered in such a way that I wondered how many times he had said it. "I don't know how much more of her I can take if I'm being honest."

"I get that. But it's for the greater good. The longer she thinks you have chosen her the deeper we are able to dig into her past. We are so close to finding out who she is working for."

"We?"

"Did you think I had given up keeping you safe just because I left your side. My loyalty has always been to you Julian. Even when you didn't want it."

Peeking from under the blankets I watched as the two men embraced. Slapping each others backs in that macho way men did. 

"Just don't go sleeping with Megan ok. If she falls pregnant as well -"

I tensed.

Julian remained silent.

"Please tell me you didn't." Ian's voice dropped and glanced over at me. 

"She disgust me." Julian muttered and I let out a sigh of relief, only my body didn't relax. I was so tense that my skin and muscles felt painfully tight. 

I shifted my weight trying to find a more comfortable position.

"We should wake her up." Julian  said softly. "She needs to eat and drink before you  make your escape."

"Megan is still awake." Ian said . "Until she goes to bed then I don't think we should leave this room. We are safe here."

"How have you kept her from wondering where I am?"

"Oh I had Cathy show her some of the family jewels. She's been told to choose a piece to wear tonight for dinner with you. Your luna should be adorned in jewels right." Ian rolled his eyes. "Such a gold digging bitch."

Julian nodded his head in agreement. "Cassie would never been distracted by shiny baubles, would she?"

"No." Ian said flatly. 

"You will bring her back to me right?" There was too much doubt in Julian's voice. Fear as well.

I shifted my weight. Sitting up in the bed and stretching my arms above my head. Falling silent both men stared at me.

"Cassie." Rushing forward Julian yanked his T-shirt up over his head before I forgot I was naked and stood up.

I smiled my thanks at him.

"What are you two talking about?" I asked like I hadn't been listening in for the last few minutes.

"Nothing you have to worry about." Julian stuttered and I glared at him. Nothing had changed at all if he thought he could lie to me and get a way with it. 

"We were discussing plans for the future. How we are both going to leave and I was asking Ian to swear to me that he would keep you safe and bring you back to me as soon as he can."

I stood, my legs felt wobbling. Pressing my hand to my side I grimaced. Goddess I had the worst cramp in my side. Like I had been running up a mountain. It was hard to catch my breath.

"I will come back to you." I said and grimaced again.

"Cassie?" Ian was on his feet in an instant. His face awash with worry. "Are you-"

Confused I stared down at my feet. At the puddle that was spreading around me.

"Oh shit."
###chapter 99
Julian

It happened so fast. One second she was standing there and smiling and then her waters broke and all hell broke loose.

That was several hours ago now and each minute was worse than the one before. She was in so much pain. The kind of pain that I couldn't even describe. All I knew was that I wanted to take it all away from her. I hated seeing her like this. Like she was being ripped apart by an invisible force.

"You're doing great Cassie." Ian murmured, pressing his hand to her rock hard stomach. "Not long now."

He had been saying the same thing for the last hour at least and even I was beginning to want to slap him. Crouched down by her head I squeezed her hand and drew it to my lips. "You're doing so well." I murmured and her eyes flashed at me angrily. 

"Shut up." She snapped between her gritted teeth as another wave of pain washed over her face. "I think-" she cried out. Her cries of pain were getting louder and louder now so I was glad that these rooms were sound proof. If it hadn't been then the whole palace would have heard her.

"I think it's time." She managed to pant out. "Is everything ready?"

My mouth went bone dry and I swallowed with some difficulty. I wasn't ready for this. As much as I wanted the pain to be over for her and to meet my babies I wasn't ready.

"Yeah." Ian sounded strained. "We should try and get someone here."

"Cathy?"

"There's no time." Cassie shook her head. Sweat beaded her brow. Her fingers clutched mine. "You will have to do it." Squinting she stared right at Ian, who paled. 

"I'm a warrior Cassie. I know some basic battle first aid but-"

She didn't say anything for a second, instead she tucked her chin into her chest and screwed up her face.

"Shit she's pushing." Scrambling up on to the bed between her legs , he lifted the blankets that covered her and paled even more. "I guess I'm going to have to learn to be a midwife." 

"Do you think you can do it?" My voice shook. 

"I don't think I have a choice." He leant closer to my wife's most private parts and a wave of jealousy washed over me. A low growl rumbled from my lips and Cassies eyes flew open. 

"Now is not the time for jealousy." She hissed and at the same time Ian spoke. "I can see the head Cassie. Goddess. Julian look."

Keeping ahold of her hand , I headed south and my whole world span around me. As I watched my baby come into the world. The fear disappeared. There was nothing but an overwhelming fear as a tiny squirming bundle was handed to me. I held it gingerly. It was so small. So tiny that I was afraid I would crush it without even meaning to.

"You need to clamp and-" Cassie sounded tired and I turned to her in shock.  She looked sleepy , pale and trembling but the smile on her face was dazzling.

"You did it baby," I coed down to her. "You gave me a-" I glanced at the baby. And my heart swelled even bigger. "Son."

I had a son.

An heir. My line would not die with me.

"You need to clamp and cut the cord quickly and wrap him up." A fresh wave of pain tightened her features. "Give him to me."

"I can-"

"I am about to have another baby." She snarled. "Trust me I'm a doctor." She tried to joke but the contraction hit her hard and her voice faltered. 

We worked quickly. Even though neither me or Ian knew what the hell we were doing. Time seemed to speed by. 

"Two boys." Ian murmured. "You have two sons, your highness." 

I wanted to shout with joy but I couldn't move or talk. All I could do was stare at the pale face of my mate as she held my twins in her arms and smiled softly, I had never seen anyone look like that.

So tired and yet so happy.

The baby on her left, opened his mouth and gave a grumbling cry.

"He's hungry." She said softly as his wails rose. But over the top of his cries of hunger another sound hit my ears louder than anything.

The tolling of a single bell. Over and over.

I froze.

"What is it?" Fear flickered into Cassies eyes.

I didn't want to answer her. It didn't seem fair. 

"The king." Ian was already clambering off the bed. His face unreadable. "The king is dead." He turned to me. "You need to go."

I shook my head. This couldn't be happening. I wasn't ready. I didn't want to be king. I just wanted to be here with my new family.

My eyes fell on Cassie. 

"I won't leave you. Not now."

"You don't have a choice." She said softly. "Go. We will be fine. Ian will look after us. But you need to -" a fresh wave of pain tightened her face.  "Ian?" She was too pale, her eyes drooping. There was absolutely no colour in her face at all.

"Go." The panic in Ian's voice couldn't be ignored. He kept looking back to the bed with nervous little movements. "So much fucking blood. Fuck." Turning to me he gave me a little shove. "Go and do what you need to do King Julian. Send Cathy if you can spare her-"

Spare her? "Is she going to die?"

"No of course not." He muttered. "I won't allow it but we will all die if you don't take control now. Go Julian, go NOW."

I knew what he was saying was right. This was the most vulnerable hour of my life and my decisions would decide whether my family would live or die.

"Don't let her die Ian." I took off at a run. The image of my mates blood soaking the sheets chased after me.
###chapter 100
Julian

The kings sleeping quarters wasn't far from the room where we had been hiding but every step away from Cassie and my children felt like a mile.

I couldn't believe this was happening right now. That I had to leave them so soon after their birth.

Five steps away from the open bedroom door to the kings chamber I stumbled. 

The king was dead. 

A wave of grief hit me in a wave. All of our people would be in mourning but none more than me. He was all I had left.

And I knew in the last few years I had been a disappointment to him. I desperately wanted all of this to be some massive mistake so I could show him how much I had changed. I wanted him to meet my sons and see him smile at seeing Cassie again.

He had always liked her.

And now he would never realise. He would never see and I was king.

"Goddess I'm not ready." I muttered, forcing my feet to keep moving. There was so much more I needed to learn before I took over the rule of-

In the doorway I froze. My eyes glued to Megan as she leant against the wall and looked out of the window with her back to me.

My eyes darted from her to the kings slack eyes wide open face and back again and my eyebrows slammed down. 

"What is going on here?" I managed to grind out. "What are you doing here Megan?" A niggling unease crept up my spine. 

"Hello there lover." She turned and I was disgusted to see a wide smile on her face. "I finally got to meet the king." 

I glanced at him again and my chest tightened. I couldn't stand to look at him like this. I didn't want to remember the empty shell that he had become. I would remember him as the main who had raised me. A brave and solid man. A good man.

"He's dead now."

My eyes snapped back to Megan. She was not a good person. I doubted she had ever done a good deed in her life. 

"Thank god." She rolled her eyes. "The king is dead." She lifted her voice and from the corridor behind me footsteps sounded. The heckles on the back of my neck rose. "Goddess save the king." She looked me dead in the eyes as she said it.

I lifted my chin. "You shouldn't be here. Leave." There were rituals I needed to perform and I couldn't do them with her in here. Ian was right. The whole kingdom was vulnerable right now and my young family were in danger.

"I'm sorry." She didn't sound sorry at all and she didn't make any move to leave either. "Did you think I was talking to you?" She cocked her head to the side and studied me like I was a bug on her shoe.

From behind me a man stepped. Followed by others. Some I didn't know. Some I knew well. Some I had trusted with my life for years and yet here they were. But it was the man in front of them all. The man who went and stood next to Megan , a much younger woman on his arm that my eyes locked on.

"You?" I seethed. 

"You seem surprised Julian." Cassies dad said in an almost bored voice. "Did you not know that my claim on this throne is stronger than yours."

I frowned. "You aren't royal."

"I am royal blood. Just not legitimate. I am the first born."

I swallowed hard. If what he was saying was true then I was related to Cassie. Closely related. How could that be possible? She was my mate and the moon goddess didn't make mistakes.

"Cassie." Her name slipped from my lips before I could stop it. 

"Will be hunted down for the murder of the king." Megan grinned. At my side my fists clenched. Megan had murdered the king or at least allowed our enemy in so they could do it. I hated her. "Why?"

"Why?" She cackled. "Why not? It wasn't like you really chose me. I knew you were playing me so I played you right back. But you will choose me Julian- when she is dead and I am thick with your child then you will have no choice but to claim me. The king promised me."

"I've never slept -"

"Amazing what some knock out drugs and medical knowledge can do isn't it. I've been taking your essence for months. I miscalculated your dose the other night but the deed is done. We are going to have a baby."

I felt sick. "Cassie is my mate."

"Cassie is an enemy of the kingdom. A king killer. She will die the moment I find her."

I stared at the man who was meant to love her and paled. "She's your daughter." I whispered. "You're only child."

Throwing back his head he laughed. "She's no child of mine. Her mother was a whore.  Do you know how tedious it was to have to raise her and see my wife's betrayal." He shook himself and lifted his head. "It doesn't matter anymore. My guards are already searching the palace for her. She was here right?"

"No." I shook my head, keeping my lips tight and thin. "I don't know what you are talking about."

"He's lying. I can smell her all over him.." Megan touched his arm. Yuck. Was he sleeping with her as well. It didn't surprise me Megan would do what she had to do to have the life she thought she deserved. Even if that meant being the mistress of the fake king. 

Both the women at his side were mistresses. Because Cassies mum was his wife still. I sent up a silent prayer that she was safe because they would come for her soon.

"Tell me where Cassie is, and I'll let you keep a position in this court Julian." He motioned and two men grabbed my arms and dragged me forward.

"I don't know what you are talking about." I said again.

"Make him kneel."

My legs were kicked from under me and I went down hard on the carpet.

"I have ways of making you talk Julian. Make this easier on yourself and restart a new life with the beautiful Megan."

I didn't say a word. It didn't matter what torture they rained down on me. It didn't matter what they did to me. I would not betray Cassie again.

All I had to do was keep them busy for long enough and hope that Ian could get Cassie and my boys to safety.
###chapter 101
Cassie

I came too, to the sound of soft desperate cries. Groggily because it didn't feel like my body worked I shifted my weight and tried to open my eyes but it felt like my lashes were stuck together. Glueing my eyes shut. 

Giving a cry I lashed out, scrubbing at my face only one of my arms seemed to be tethered to something that kept it locked in place.

"Easy." Ian's voice spoke from right next to me. "Stop fighting you are going to yank out the tube."

I settled a little bit but I was still on edge and the cries continued. Weak little desperate wails. 

The cries of my babies. I realised with a start. I began to struggle some more. I needed to get to them. Comfort them. Using my free hand I clawed at my eyes. Unsticking them so I could see more clearly and Ian's face swam into view.

"Stop it Cassie." He warned. "You are going to hurt yourself again. And you're already so weak."

I didn't feel weak. I felt adrenaline pumping through me. And the overwhelming primal need to get to my babies.

"My babies-" I managed to croak even though my tongue felt thick and dry in my parched mouth. 

"Healthy strong boys." Ian sat himself back down. "Hungry but-"

"Then let me feed them." My breasts felt heavy and full. "Let me go to them."

"Not yet. You aren't strong enough yet."

I blinked at him angrily, gritting my teeth. I didn't know why he was being so difficult. "Bring me my babies Ian. Now. They are hungry and I want to feed them."

He didn't move. "You can't even sit upright unaided Cassie. Goddess." He lifted his arm and ruffled his hair. Leaving it standing on end. "You almost died. Bled out in front of my eyes." His voice broke a little and I gave a startled intake of breath. Had I almost died? It had just felt like I had fallen into an exhausted little nap.

"Can you at least let the transfusion finish first." He lifted his other arm and my eyes widened. That's why it felt like one of my arms was tethered , because I was. To him. He was pumping his blood directly into my veins.

"Do you even know what blood group I am?" I hissed. "That is stupidly dangerous. The wrong blood could have killed me."

He shrugged with one shoulder. "You were dying anyway so it was a risk I was willing to take. Plus you seem fine now. How are you actually feeling?" His eyes studied me.

"I feel- fine." Weirdly that was the truth. "A little woozy and achy but I don't feel like I was on death's door. Your blood must be working."

Ian studied me for a second. His face was unreadable. "I think I just gave you some time to heal yourself."

"Where did you learn to do that?" I asked as I watched him slide the needle from my arm and wrap it in a scrap of curtain. He quickly did the same to his own arm and moved away to discard the apparatus out of sight. "I'm a warrior, remember. Today is not the first time I've had to donate blood in the field." He called back and I lapsed into silence. He hadn't even hesitated. He had just given me his life's blood. Even though it would weaken him.

"How long have I been out?" I asked when he reappeared. Holding his hand over his arm.

"About six hours." He admitted. Carefully he flexed his arm. Glancing down at it to make sure it wasn't 

"Shit." I glanced around. 

"Yeah." He moved easily. First helping me to sit upright and then bringing my babies to me one after another. They wanted feeding and I wanted to provide for them but I didn't know how to go about breast feeding with Ian staring at me. 

"If you need to feed them. Then do it." Ian shrugged. "I have seen more of you then I ever thought possible Cassie." He laughed and I laughed along with him.

"They seem to have fallen back to sleep anyway." And they had. Both of my sons were now snoozing peacefully in my arms. 

"So it would seem. But you must feed them soon. And eat yourself. You have to keep your strength up."

"Yeah." I glanced away from my babies face and around the spacious room. It was empty apart from the four of us. "Wait you said I've been unconscious for six hours?"

"Almost seven now." Ian began pacing. Tugging on his hair as he went.

"Has Julian been back?" I was almost too afraid to ask.

He didn't even pause his pacing. "No." He admitted after a second and shook his head. "And the new king bells have no rung. I don't know what's going on but-"

I swallowed hard and in my arms my sons squirmed like they could sense my discomfort. I whispered to them. Until they went back to their deep sleeps.

"Should they have rung?"

"Yes. It's protocol. To signify a new King has taken the throne."

"You're worried." I didn't ask it because it wasn't a question. It was a statement of fact.

He froze, turning to me slowly. "I won't lie to you Cassie. Yes I am worried. He would have had the bells rung and he would have come back to you."

I took a deep breath and tried to calm my rapidly beating heartbeat. Panicking now wouldn't do anyone any good. I needed to stay calm.

"Do you think he is dead?"

Ian's eyes met mine. "You would know better than me if he had lost his life Cassie. Julian is your mate. Is he dead? Is our king dead?"

I searched my heart. I was nervous and afraid but- 

I shook my head. "I don't think he's dead." I said softly.

"That's good. I can work with not dead." Ian forced himself to smile.

"So what is the plan?"

"Plan?" He parroted back. Confusing pinched his eyebrows together.

"How do we get him out of whatever trouble he is in?"

"We don't do anything Cassie. I get you and those babies somewhere safe and then I'll get Julian."

"I am not leaving."

"Yes you are." His voice was firm. "If something has happened to Julian then those babies in your arms are our next rulers. They must be kept safe."
###chapter 102
Carys

There was no arguing with him. I tried but he wouldn't move. In fact he just ignored me and went back to pacing and I could almost hear the wheels in his brain churning away as he tried to think of a plan.

It would have been hard enough to get out of the palace without being seen and now we had two newborns as well. It was going to be hard but then again I didn't understand why we would have to leave at all. I got that he wanted to keep me and the boys safe but Julian was alive. I knew that in my heart and now he was king. We were as safe here in the palace as we were anywhere.

"Ian?" I called as the smallest twin, opened his mouth and gave a little snore. I stared down at them. Both sleeping peacefully. Milk drunk and sated. "Please stop pacing." It was starting to drive me insane.

"Sorry." He turned to me with a rueful smile. "I was just trying to give you some semblance of privacy for their first feed."

"Like you said. I think we are well passed that. As you helped me give birth. Did I thank you for that?" I studied him with my eyes. 

"I don't need any thanks. I did my job."

"Well you have it." I said firmly. "You make a good midwife," I tried to lighten the mood with a small giggle but it only seemed to make the atmosphere worse.

"Thank you." He nodded his head politely and I frowned. "Your highness."

I paled. "Don't call me that."

"Why? It's your title. Julian is king and you , Cassie are now queen. So you might as well get used to it."

I waved the truth away. "I don't want you to call me that. We are friends. Goddess I don't want anyone to call me it. It's just weird."

"You best get used to it." Pulling a chair up to my bedside he fell on to it heavily with a loud sigh. "I think I have a plan but we can't leave until you have had a few days rest. But I think we could make it if I fashion some kind of slings to carry the babies. Do they have names yet?" His eyes travelled over them. "I forgot to ask."

"Not yet." I whispered. "I wanted to ask Julian."

"It might be a while until you see him, Cassie. So start thinking of names because we can't continue to call them the twins or the babies."

"I'll think but I'm sure we will get to Julian and this will all be a big misunderstanding. He will turn up and everything will be ok." Even to my own ears I sounded deluded. Like a child clutching at straws.

"Maybe." Ian said kindly. "Maybe your are right."

"But you don't think so?" I asked quietly and I was almost afraid to ask him because I already knew the truth. If Julian was fine. If he had taken his place as King he would have come for us.

"No I don't think so. I think something happened and he is staying away or being kept away."

"Megan." I hissed and my hands closed into fists. Megan would have something to do with it.  She always had something to do with it. She had always been jealous of me, that's why she was so desperate to step into my place. First with my job and then with my husband. She had tried to murder my babies before they were even born. 

What would she do now if she found us.

"Of course it would be Megan. I'm going to kill her." I ground out between my gritted teeth. I wanted to scream and shout but I didn't want to wake the babies.

I glanced down at them. Ian was right. They did need names.

"You will hopefully get your chance Cassie but taking a life isn't easy." He studied me. "I don't think-"

I cut him off with a growl. "I could do it Ian. After everything she has done to me. I could do it easily. I am not weak."

"I never thought or said you were Cassie. In fact you are the strongest woman I have ever met. But strength comes in many guises and sometimes," he trailed off for a second. "Sometimes strength comes from mercy. From being true to yourself."

"If she has done something to Julian?" I asked. "Could you show her or the people she is working with mercy?"

Ian's human eyes disappeared and for a second a wolf looked out of his human face. "No. Julian is more than my alpha he is my friend." He blinked and his eyes were his again. "But I am not you." He grinned and I couldn't help it. I grinned back. "I'll kill her for you, if something has happened then I will kill them all. I'll give my life to keep you and those pups safe. And I will do it gladly."

I reached for him. "If you die then Yana will kill me." I said firmly and was rewarded by a booming laugh. I grimaced back. It was lucky that these rooms were sound proof because we hadn't exactly been quiet.

"Yeah she won't be too happy but she understands. She knows what risks I need to take. So-"

"Stop-" I lashed out with my hand. Gripping his wrist. "I think someone is coming."

It wasn't like I could hear something he couldn't. His senses were stronger than mine but it was like a sixth sense.

Ian cocked his head to the side , his eyes intense.

"I didn't hear-" he froze and a low growl rumbled through his chest. "Can you stand up Cassie?" He said out of the corner of his mouth.

I wasn't sure. "I guess we are about to find out." Sliding the babies from my lap I quickly cocooned them in pillows and tenderly climbed to my feet.

"We may have to fight." Ian said in a whisper. "I will take on whatever comes through and you-" he glanced behind him and met my eyes. "Take those pups and run."

Shaking my head. "If it comes to a fight I will fight with you. There will be no running and no escape and you know it." I straightened my shoulders and stared into the room. "We will fight together." I whispered and reached for his hand and the sound of footsteps shuffled closer.
###chapter 103
Carys

A panel of the bookcase opened a crack and it was like looking into a black hole. The crack seemed to suck in the light and even my wolf couldn't see what was coming towards us.

I tensed and Ian took a half step in front of me. A low menacing growl beginning to grumble from his chest and vibrating down his arm to me.

Who ever it was didn't know the danger they were in but they were about to. He was poised to attack and rip out their throats to protect us.

Except.

I cocked my head to the side and let my other senses take over for a second.

I didn't need my eyes to know who it was walking slowly towards us.

"Cathy." I leapt forward. Instantly Ian grabbed at my arm. Trying to drag me back behind him.

"Stop. We don't know-"

I threw his arm off me with a glare and little growl of my own. "It's Cathy." I strode forward and after a second Ian was back at my side. 

And there she was. Carrying a heavy tray laden with food and with a heavy bag slung over her frail shoulders. Her hair was loose and crazy around her ashen face.

I had never seen her look so disheveled.

I rushed toward but Ian got there first. Quickly he took everything from her and caught her under the elbow to steady her.

"What happened?" I asked quietly as he helped her into the nearest seat.

Winded and unable to speak she shook her head. 

"Take your time and-" I began to say.

"Tell us what happened. Where is Julian. Answer me woman."

I stepped between Ian and her pale face. "Leave her alone Ian. She's in shock and " Cathy lifted her face to me and her eyes were terrified. I didn't know what she had just been through but it had been something bad. 

Kneeling down I grimaced from the pain that lanced between my legs and took her hands.

"Are you hurt?" I asked quietly.

Again she shook her head. "No I am fine. Just out of breath. You shouldn't be out of bed." Her eyes glued themselves to my massively deflated but still big stomach. "The babies?" Her voice broke and tears welled up into her eyes.

"Are fine. Two healthy sleeping boys."

She let out a sigh of relief. Her body visibly relaxing. "That's something at least. I didn't know what to bring so I just grabbed what I thought would be best and that wouldn't be missed. It's not a lot." She motioned with her hand to the tray and the bag. "But I can bring more."

Confused I lifted an eyebrow at Ian who was rifling through the bag.

"Food and drink." He motioned to the tray. "And some supplies. Nappies and some clothes for the baby and some toiletries and clothes for you as well and-" he paused and pulled out something that was so familiar to me. My medical kit. The small one I kept in my bag and had forgotten to take when I had run away with my mother.

"It should be enough for a little while but I couldn't grab anything else without drawing attention to myself," she pushed herself upright. "Can I see the young princes?"

I nodded but didn't move. Part of me couldn't because my body was beginning to weaken again and part of me was just trying to make sense of what she was saying. 

"What is happening out there?" I asked as she cooed as the babies asleep on the bed. They didn't even stir.

She turned in slow motion. "Julian is-"

"Is he alive?" Ian asked sharply. 

"Yes as far as I know he is. They need him alive. But I don't know how badly they have tortured him. As soon as I heard the commotion I hid myself away and began gathering supplies. I knew they wouldn't care about my absence but that won't last long so I can't stay here. I'll be missed."

"Who?" I pushed myself to my feet. Groaning. "I'm guessing Megan but who has she been working for?"

Cathy looked away  quickly and met Ian's eyes with a frown. Something passed between them. Some silent message which I wasn't privy too. 

"tell me." 

"It's your father Cassie." Cathy said quietly. Like she was too afraid to say the words out loud.

My father? My knees buckled and Ian caught me from before I hit the floor. He lifted me into his arms.

"My father?" I whispered. My father was many things but I didn't want to believe he was a traitor.  "Why would my father orchestrate all of this? He already had a link to the crown through me-" I trailed off. "He's not my father is he?"

"Cassie."

"But I don't understand- why- oh." My heart sank. "He wants to rule through Julian. And that means he needs someone like Megan at his side."

"He knows you will fight." Ian said quietly. "And we will fight. Just as soon as you have rested and healed. Julian is strong. He will be fine until-"

"You misunderstand me." Cathy said in a rush and her voice broke. "Cassie can't leave these secret halls."

"What?" Ian walked me towards the bed and gently laid me down. Smoothing my hair back from my face as he forced himself to smile. "We will work it all out Cassie. I'll get you and the boys out even if I have to fight every wolf in the -"

"They cannot leave the rooms." Cathy sobbed even louder. "It's just not safe."

I gazed at her. She seemed desperate and half hysterical. 

"What aren't you telling us Cathy?" I asked quietly and held my breath.

"It's Megan." She said in a rush. "She said she witness Cassie murdering the old king." She took a deep breath. "Every wolf is out for her blood. They think she is a king killer."
###chapter 104
Julian 

Blood dripped into my eyes from a cut across my head and I blinked rapidly before it could blind me. It was bad enough that the chains wrapped around my wrists that held me spread eagled against the rough rock of the cell wall made moving impossible. I didn't want to be blind as well. I needed to see what they were going to do to me next so I could prepare for it.

If prepare was even the right word. 

I had always been strong. And now that I was king my powers had grown but that wasn't a good thing right now because it didn't matter what they did I remained conscious. Passing out would have been sweet oblivion but in a way I was glad of the pain. It kept me sharp. And it kept me in control because the more I took, the angrier my torturers became. And if they were busy in here trying to break me then they weren't out there searching for Cassie.

Another swipe of what felt like a claw across my face opened my cheek up to the bone. I didn't even flinch. I could take whatever they did to me. The pain and the misery didn't matter. As long as they were safe and I had to believe the Ian would keep them all safe. He had in the past.

I could count on him. I always could. 

"Leave." A female voice said loudly and my head snapped up.

"Here." Crouching down on her heels Megan lifted a bottle of water to my lips. I didn't drink. "It's not poisoned Julian." She rolled her eyes. "If we wanted you dead then you would have been killed." She offered the water again and this time I took a sip. It tasted ok. Fresh and cold. 

"So your just going to torture me instead?" I said after several gulps. 

She shrugged as she straightened. Looking around at the bare stone walls and floors with a look of disgust. "You are making this harder for yourself than it needs to be Julian. It doesn't have to be this way."

She said it like this was my choice. Like I had asked for this torture. 

"If you just told him where Cassie is, all of this pain could go away." She turned to me and stared and there was something cunning in her eyes. Megan was up to something new. She was the master of deceit and no one should trust her. I didn't but -

"I don't know where she is." I said and that was partly the truth. I didn't know how long had passed since my twins had been born. I was hoping Ian would have got them out by now. "And even if I did I wouldn't tell you."

I expected anger from her but she just laughed. Tossing her blonde hair between her shoulder blades. "I actually believe you but she was here wasn't she? When we arrived she was here?" She cocked her head to the side. "I was sure I smelt her on you. Did you fuck her?"

I remained silent. Staring at her without breaking eye contact. 

"Thought so." She shrugged. "I should be hurt and rant and rave but I really don't care if you fucked her one last time. You will be tied to me under the laws of our people soon. And at least I know one thing." She gave a little giggle that sounded more like the cackle of a witch. My head snapped up.

"She's not pregnant anymore." She grinned at me. And my heart skipped a beat. Megan didn't seem to notice. "She would have been huge by now if she was and you wouldn't have touched her. I know you Julian. I know how you like your women."

I didn't say a word. Megan didn't know me as well as she thought she did but I wasn't about to argue with her.

"And if those brats had been born you would not have stayed here. You would have gone with her and that means she-"

I growled. I didn't know how any one could stand there with such glee on her face and talk about the death of babies. Tensing my muscles I yanked on the chains. The rock behind me groaned.

Startled Megan took a step back. Holding her hands up. "You have to realise it's for the best? Our baby-"

"There has never been a baby. I have never-" I trailed off,

"There is this time Julian. I swear it and once-" she dropped her voice to a whisper. "Once our child is born and we are mated we can take back your throne and rule together." 

I stared at her for a second in shock. She was going to double cross again. An idea began to form in my brain. I could use her to regain control. She was power hungry and desperate. 

"All you have to do is let them know where Cassie is." She said with a smile. "Once she's out of the way we can-"

"I don't know where she is."

"I believe you , my love." She smiled and then turned towards the door and walked away. "Unfortunately no one else does. Please tell them before they break you too badly."

I watched as two men walked into the room. One with blood coating his hands and his wolf claws erupting from the tips of his human fingers. The other was neatly dressed in a suit and tie. I didn't recognise either of them but it felt like I should. They stared at me with too much hate for us to be strangers. 

"You want to tell us where the little half breed bitch has gone?" The man in the suit cracked his knuckles with a grin. "No?" He asked with a cock of his head before I had a chance to tell them to go to hell. "I was hoping you wouldn't. I'm going to enjoy this."

And then his hands gripped my leg just above my knee and snapped it.
###chapter 105
Cassie 

Being a mum was hard. Much harder than I had ever imagined and being locked up and not being able to feel the cool wind on my face was making it even harder. 

Not that I was chained up in the room or anything, Ian had taken me out to explore the labryth of secret tunnels daily because I had to know how to escape with the babies if we were ever found. 

It still confused the hell out of me but a week in and I was getting there. But a week after being inside was more than enough for me. I needed fresh air.

"No." Ian said when I glanced up from the book I was reading and opened my mouth to ask him for the millionth time since I had given birth whether I could just go outside for a few second. Or just by an open window or something.

Anything.

"I didn't say anything." I muttered under my breath.

"You didn't have to. I know that look." With a sigh he shook his head. "I know it's hard to be cooped up like this but it's just to risky right now. When things calm down." Another sign and he went back to pensively staring. I grumbled something under my breath and Ian snapped his eyes up to me and glared.

"Something you want to say Cassie?" He asked with a sneer. I hadn't seen him look so angry in a long time. Recently, for months in fact he had been kind and understanding but that phase seemed to have passed because now he just looked pissed.

Unluckily for him, so was I. 

"Yeah I have plenty to say, Ian. You brought me here and now I'm trapped. I'm a prisoner here." My voice was rising rapidly. "I don't want my children to die here."

His eyes flashed. "And I don't want to die without meeting my child either but it's not safe. The twins are too small and the palace is under complete lockdown. Believe me when the time is right i will get us out."

I opened my mouth to shout a retort and snapped my lips shut. My eyes appraised him. "You're-" I swallowed down my retort . "Yana is pregnant?" I finished in a lame whisper.

Ian's flicked up to mine for a second and then he nodded.

"Yes." He said simply.

"Why didn't either of you say anything?"

"She's only a few weeks gone. We haven't told anyone." He gave a small shrug that was meant to put me at ease but was somehow the most heartbreaking thing I had ever seen. He had left his mate, his pregnant mate to bring me here to help the late king. He had left them even knowing the risk and now he was trapped here. 

Maybe if he had been by himself he could have gotten out. Hell, I knew he would be able to get out but Ian was a man of tremendous loyalty. He would not leave me or the babies.

"You shouldn't have-"I began to say and he cut me off with a glare. His lips thinned.

"But I did Cassie and now we are here and she is there. Do I want to get back to them?" He cocked his head to the side. "Of course I do. Yana is my mate. She is my family but my duty is to my king and to his queen." His eyes levelled on me and I averted my eyes. "That's you. I won't leave you. Julian wouldn't want me to abandon you. Not that I ever would." The sigh rattled his body. "We will get out Cassie." He said softly. "I promise you I'll get you all out. I need to be free as well. I have more -" he trailed off with a shake of his head. "It doesn't matter. Just trust me."

I stared at him for a second and then nodded my head. I did trust him. I had to because he had never once let me down before. Ian had always been my friend even before I had known it. He always looked out for me,

"Will you teach me how to protect myself?" I asked after several minutes had passed with no one speaking.

"You've just had a baby." He didn't even look up. "Two of them actually." Ian pointed out.

"I am aware." Laughing I glanced towards the bed where they were sleeping. Part of me wanted to go over there and check they were still breathing. Press my hands to their little chests even though I knew it would wake them up. 

"They are fine Cassie." Ian murmured and again I nodded. 

"I wish I could speak to Julian about what to call them. I wish i knew his favourite names." I changed the subject and lifted my eyes to him. "Do you know-"

"Did I have in-depth conversations with my lord and prince about baby names?" Ian shook his head. "No Cassie, we didn't really talk about those things. I can tell you the royal family names but I don't think it will really matter. You could name them anything and Julian would love them just the same. But they do need names soon. What are your favourite names?"

It was my turn to shrug. "I don't really have any. I just wish I knew where he was. That he was ok. I think if I knew that I would be able to think more clearly. It's the not knowing,you know?" I met his eyes and Ian's danced away. Frowning I leant forward. "Ian?"

Why wouldn't he meet my eyes?

"Ian, do you know where he is?" I asked after several seconds of heavy silence. That silence spoke volumes. In my chest my heart took off at a gallop. "Is he hurt? Is he ok?"

"Yes." He answered softly. "Yes he's hurt and no I doubt very much that he's ok."

My mouth fell open but no sound came out.

"He can handle -" Ian began to say and I cut him off with a growl. 

"Do you know where he is?"

"Yes I know where they have him." Ian sounded so tired.

"Take me to him. I need to see him."

"No."

I was on my feet in a second. Hands on hips I glared down at him. "Take me to my husband. Take me to the king now."

"They have been torturing him, Cassie." He began to say and my hand swung forward to connect with his cheek and rocked his head back.

Breathing heavily he looked up at me. Rubbing the red spot on his cheek. "Don't make me do this too you Cassie"

I didn't understand the look on his face and honestly I didn't care. "Take me to my husband."
###chapter 106
Julian 

I was broken. My body shattered in a way that I didn't even have the words to describe out loud. I just didn't have the vocabulary. The best schools in the country hadn't prepared me for this.

Torture.

I was being tortured daily. Not because they wanted information from me. They hadn't asked any questions for days , not even questions about Cassie and the others. They didn't even torture me because they wanted my position as king. Cassies father had named himself ruler and locked here I couldn't do anything about it. And anyway, to secure his rule he would have killed me and been done with it.

They tortured me. His two wolves with the ice cold eyes because they enjoyed it. I was their plaything. 

Sometimes Megan came along and taunted me. Promised me the world and my kingdom back if I took her as my mate and-

Hanging loose because both of my shoulders were dislocated I lifted my head and sniffed. There was something in the air. A waft of sweetness amidst the filth that coated the cell and my body with a mixture of shit and blood. 

There was nothing good here, nothing sweet. There was just pain and yet-

My nostrils flared again.

My mate.

I didn't know why I was suddenly scenting her now but I recognised her smell anywhere and somehow she was here. 

Pushing myself to my full height I ignored the pain that lanced through the broken bones of my legs. Some of the bones had set wrong. Some were still broken. The constant trauma being inflicted on us made it impossible for my wolf to heal us. 

The agony didn't matter because Cassie was close. I frowned. Did that mean she had been caught? Was she locked up down here ? Maybe in the very next cell. Were they going to torture her next. I couldn't let that happen. I had failed her so many times and I knew I would never fail again. To stop her being hurt I would give them anything they wanted. 

My enemies knew this and that's why they wanted to know where she was. Somehow Cassie was a threat to them and not just because she was my wife and -

"Stop-" a voice rang out from behind the wall to my

Left and my head snapped around in that direction as a small portion of it seemed to slide out from the bottom and Cassies face appeared. 

Blinking rapidly I watched as she crawled through. 

"Or risk everything." Ian said behind her as he followed after her.

Blinking rapidly I stared at them. They couldn't be here. They couldn't. It all had to be a figment of my imagination. 

"You are the most infuriating woman I had ever had the misfortune to meet Cassie." Straightening Ian brushed off the knees to his jeans and glared at my mate like she was a naughty child. "Think of the babies. Cathy can't stay with them for long and-"

My eyes snapped to my mate. And through my lashes I stared at her. I really looked. She was beautiful , a little pale and there were shadows under her eyes like she hadn't slept for a week but she looked great.

And she was no longer swollen with my children. My eye glued themselves to her stomach and tears welled up in my eyes.

Opening my mouth I made a choking sound because my mouth was too dry to form words. Instantly Cassie was in front of me. Trying to hold my body up as I sagged in my chairs.

"It's ok Julian." Her body trembled under my weight. "It's ok. I've got you. I won't let you fall." A sob ripped its way out of her throat. "What have they done to him?" She lifted her head to Ian who was standing motionless and staring in front of us. "Help me get him out of here."

Ian didn't move but he did look at me.

"No." I rasped. I knew the look Ian was giving me and I understood it.  It was the same look Cathy had been giving me every time she said the words "just a few more weeks."

I wanted nothing more than to escape this prison but if I did then they would know I had help. Innocent people, wolves who were loyal to me would be imprisoned and questioned. Some of them would die and more importantly they would search this cell and find the loose slab. The secret tunnels and rooms would be compromised.

"No you must leave me here." I wanted desperately to reach her and run my fingers down her face but my arms were shackled and even if they weren't I wouldn't want to touch her skin with my filthy fingers. "You leave now and get away."

"We can't leave yet. It's not safe and the babies-"

I let out a sigh of relief. "They are-" for a second my vision swam and I blacked out. When I could see again Ian had me under the arms and Cassie was probing my broken bones with firm but gentle fingers. The pain was intense but I didn't scream or shout.

"Our babies?" I rasped out. 

"Two healthy boys." Ian said. "Two perfect sons, your highness."

A wave of relief flowed through me. I had sons. And they were fine. My blood line would continue, even if I died in this filthy room my line would continue. 

"What did you call them?" I hissed through the pain. "What are my sons names?"

Cassie didn't answer me. 

"She hasn't named them yet. She wanted to talk to you." Ian rolled his eyes.

I glared at him. "You brought her here because she wanted to discuss baby names?" I hissed. I was so happy to see them both but goddess I was angry that he had risked her life for something so trivial. I didn't really care about names. I cared about the fact they were healthy and happy. 

"He brought me here because I insisted." Cassie snapped and there was a wobble in her voice that made both of our heads turn towards her. 

"Cassie?" Ian's voice was surprised. "Is that?"

"I think the magic is coming."she whispered as she flexed her fingers. 

"What?"

"I was too late to save the old king. But maybe I can save the new king."
###chapter 107
Cassie 

I could feel the power first and I had tried to ignore it. I put it down to the strain on my body recently. Seeing Julian so broken was like a physical pain through my body.

When I had first seen him I had thought he was dead and that's why I had cried out. It's why I had rushed from my hiding place and gone to him. I knew Ian would have some very stern words to say to me when we were alone but for now he was just staring at me with his mouth open. 

"Maybe I can save the new king." I said as the warmth of the magic flowed through me. It was growing stronger by the second , burning the inside of my skin and making me grit my teeth. If I didn't let it out soon then-

"What's going on?" Even through his pain Julian looked worried about me. "What's wrong with her?" He looked wildly between the two of us. "What's going on Cassie."

"She has the magic of healing. Sometimes." Ian answered.

"Wolves don't have those kind of gifts." He muttered. And then his eyes went wide. "You're not a full wolf are you? Your father said something-" he cried out as I smashed my hand down on one of his dislocated shoulder. The noise that left his lips was loud and Ian moved so quickly that I couldn't follow it to clamp his hand over his mouth and muffle the sound. 

"Goddess. Warn me next time. The guards will hear and-"

I ignored Ian. Concentrating on pooling all that burning heat through my hand and into my broken mate. It was all that seemed to matter to me. I just wanted to make him whole again.

The warmth spread through his shoulder and I followed it with my mind. Watching as it knit his bones and muscles together.

It was exhausting and painful but I knew I could do it. I could mend him and -

"Stop." Julian moaned at the same time Ian yanked me back. 

"What the hell?"

"You can't do that Cassie." Ian's arms tightened around me. 

"Like hell I can't. I have to. Then we can get these shackles off of him and take him." My eyes met Julian as he shook his head.

"You can't Cassie. If I'm suddenly healed then it will be too suspicious. They will know someone was in here and-" Julian glanced at Ian who shrugged. Almost like he was saying that Julian should explain it. "If anyone has any inkling you have these powers then they will know it's you. At the moment they think you have left. And that you are on the run and in hiding again. They don't know about the babies. Megan made a joke about them being dead and I didn't say anything to contradict her.  You can't heal me. And I can't leave this cell. We have to make sure the children are safe." Julian's eyes met mine. "You and the children are the most important things in the world to me right now." Slowly he turned his eyes to Ian. "Getting them out is what's important. Find her real family, I have a feeling they are powerful and that's why she is seen as such a threat. Give me your word you will get my family out and protect them. You must leave me here." Julian stepped back away from my hands and they fell to my side. 

"Leave."

I reeled back from the venom in his tone. It sounded so much like the old Julian. The Julian I had married but one look into his face and I knew it was an act. The spell had been broken. We could sense our mate bond now. He didn't hate me. He was just being hateful to try and save my life.

"I'm not really the kind of woman to take orders and obey." I caught his face between my hands and forced him to look at me. 

Behind me Ian chuckled. "Isn't that the truth."

I didn't need to turn around to know he had rolled his eyes.

"Let me help you a little bit at least. We can't leave yet so let me help you." I whispered.

"You have to get the children-" He began to say and I cut him off with a low growl that seemed to echo off the stone walls. 

"And I will but that doesn't mean I will abandon you. I won't leave you in pain." Tears slipped from my eyes. I had felt real pain when I had given birth. More agony than I could ever hope to explain and I could see that pain in my mates eyes. I hated that he was living like it. 

"Cassie." Even through the mist of pain and terror that was shadowing his eyes, a flicker of light started to form.  

I edged closer. "Tell me how to help you without bringing suspicion down on us." Another step and my full heavy breasts brushed against his chest. 

"A kiss." Julian groaned. "A kiss would give me the strength to endure another day."

I didn't even think about it. Reaching up I pressed my lips to his. A gentle kiss that was more tender than anything else and then like a wildfire it grew crazed. I wanted to claw at him. Climb up him like a tree and wrap my whole body around his broken one as we plundered each other mouths.

Ian groaned. "Now is not the time for you two to start getting freaky." 

I slowed my kiss and smiled. I would have liked to have told him not to be disgusting but the need I felt for my mate was overwhelming and Ian knew how furiously me and Julian wanted each other when we got together.

"It's just a kiss-" Julian began to chuckle when he froze. "They are coming." Wildly he motioned for Ian to grab me. "Get her out of here. Get her-"

Suddenly I could hear footsteps coming towards us as well. More than one set. More than even five. Had we been caught? Had the senses us or heard us or-

Ian caught me around the waist and lifted me away from my mate. Man handling me towards the small space.

"I'm not leaving him , they will hurt him." I began to struggle against his grip on me. 

My mate and his most trusted friend shared a look. And a silent message when between them and then Julian pressed his fingers into my throat and blackness took over.
###chapter 108
Cassie

I came awake back on the narrow bed, back in the room that was my prison. Not the kind of prison cell that Julian was in but it was still a cell.

To the side of me I could hear both Cathy and Ian talking. Murmuring as they cradled my sons. 

"Asshole." I muttered as I sat up and stretched. "You knocked me out."

Ian barely looked at me before he went back to rocking the baby in his arms. "And I'd do it again. Hell I should have done it sooner. It would have saved me so many headaches." He chuckled.

Climbing out of the bed I rubbed at my sore throat and scowled at him. "I'll give you a headache if you-" I paused as Cathy smiled at me. "What?"

Shaking her head she bit her lip, turning away from me she looked down at twin number two. "It's just I've never seen you like this?"

"What angry?" Again I glared at Ian. Who was back to ignoring me. 

"No." Back and forth Cathy rocked the smaller of my children. "I have seen you angry plenty of times. I have never seen you so care free."

"I am living in the walls of the palace and there is  a bounty on my head. I don't think carefree is the right word." I rolled my eyes.

"All of that is true of course but you are comfortable. You are comfortable with Ian. You tease each other." She pointed out.

"We are-" Frowning I stared at him. Trying to find the right words. "Friends." I finished lamely.

"Friends like each other." Ian cracked a cheeky grin. "And I don't like you."

In answer I flipped him my middle finger and we both laughed out loud. 

"This is what I mean." Cathy pointed out. "I've never seen this side of either of you."

"Maybe because you didn't really know us." Ian said and the laughter died on his face. "Danger put me and Cassie together. She knows my secrets and I know hers. We protected each other."

"I like Yana. She is like a sister to me." I paled as Ian's head snapped around to glare at me with a growl.

Fuck. I clapped a hand over my mouth and widened my eyes.  I hadn't meant to say her name out loud. No one here knew he was mated let alone mated to a cat shifter. 

By saying her name I had put her in danger and I never wanted that to happen. I hadn't been lying when I said she was like a sister.

"I'm sorry , I didn't mean-"

"Stop talking Cassie." Ian's voice shook with anger, he was barely containing. "Stop talking now."

I lapsed into silence.

"You have a lady friend?" Cathy asked. Ian didn't answer. Instead he stood up and went to lay the baby down on the bed I had just vacated. I watched him and bit my lip. He was shaking with anger. 

Fuck.

Cathy sucked in a breath. "You have taken a mate?"

He whirled on her , his hands clenched at his sides. Sensing the danger she was in, Cathy threw up her hands. "I won't tell anyone Ian. I am just surprised. I don't understand why you wouldn't tell us who she is. Why keep her a secret? We all love you and want you to be happy."

"Why keep her a secret?" He hissed through his gritted teeth. He motioned with his hands and arms. Spreading them wide. "Because I wanted to keep them safe from this. Mess-" Wildly he looked around and then groaned. Yanking at his hair he turned to me. "My wolf is agitated. I need to be alone." He began to walk away. Getting half way across the room before he turned to me. Staring at me from over his shoulder. "Don't leave this room. Not for anything." His eyes softened. "I won't be long but don't-"

"I'll stay where I am."

He didn't seem to hear me because he didn't turn or reply.

"How long has he been mated?" Cathy asked quietly. "I can't believe he has taken a mate and never told anyone. I have known that boy since he was six years old."

I didn't say anything. 

"Cassie?"

"I'm sorry but I can't answer that."

Cathy's old face fell. "Because neither one of you trust me."

Reaching across the table I took her hand and squeezed her fingers. "Of course we trust you. I can't tell you that because I don't know." I shrugged and drew my hand back . "They haven't told me and I didn't ask."

"I see." For a moment Cathy lapsed into silence. "What is she like? Can I ask that? Or is that a secret."

"I don't think he will mind me telling you she is an amazing woman. Strong and independent and brave and loyal. She's -"

"And beautiful?" Cathy sighed. "Of course she is beautiful if she has attracted our dear Ian."

"You sound sad?" I stared at her. Something was going on with her and I didn't know what. But she suddenly looked sad. 

"I am,  not because Ian has found his soul but because all of the young royal men , all of our future leaders and protectors seem to have some curse on them. A curse where their mates-" she trailed off and climbed to her feet with a groan . "It doesn't matter. These are the cards the Goddess has given us I guess and I must have faith that-" A shiver ran through her. "I need to go. They will start wondering where I am soon. I have left more food for you and some fresh milk and fruit but you need to make this last longer than last time Cassie. They have started noticing there is food going missing. But I'll try and get more-"

"I don't want you to risk yourself any longer." I frowned. If she was found stealing then she would be punished severely. "Me and Ian will manage somehow."

"No." She shook her head. "You have to eat properly to feed those young princes. I'll be careful." Nervously she glanced down at her hands . Rubbing at her wrists and I followed her movement. "Don't want to be punished.." shaking herself she smiled back up at me. "Are you going to be ok alone or do you want me to wait for Ian to come back?" 

"I'll be fine. I am just going to read a while and -"

She was already shuffling towards the door. Eager to be back out there. "Ok, stay safe Cassie."

"You as well." I called out after her but the secret panel had already clicked closed behind her. It left me in absolute silence. 

Just me and my two boys.

My nameless children

With a sigh I turned back to them and frowned.

It was time to give my sons names.
###chapter 109
Julian 

Lightning flashed before my eyes even though I wasn't outside. It wasn't the weather that caused lights to dance before my open eyes , it was pain.

Blinding white hot pain that lances through my body like a storm. I was broken , so broken but I wouldn't show them that. I would never bow to my two torturers standing in front of me. Their smiles slowly sliding from their faces as my legs refused to give out. It didn't matter what they did to me now, I would never show them weakness.

They could break my bones and open up my flesh and it was ok. If anything the coppery smell of my blood spilling out on the floor was a welcome scent because it hid Cassies from them.

I could still smell her but it didn't look they did. They hadn't mentioned anything about it but then again this whole cell was a cesspit of filth. I was an alpha, a king of the wolves and here I was living in my own shit. Literally. 

"The strong silent type I see." The man in the suit said casually opening up my forearm from wrist to elbow. "You're not usually so quiet king Julian." He mocked,

My eyes narrowed as I stared up at him through my blood crusted lashes. He would be the one I would enjoy killing the most. Both of my torturers would die horrible and by my hand but I would take my time with him because he enjoyed this. For him this was personal and I just didn't know why. I had never seen him before in my life.

"You were always so vocal about killing and hurting everyone who crossed you, well I'm crossing you." Another slash, this one straight across my naked chest , he added another one. Marking a giant x into my skin. "And what are you going to do about it? Hang there and give me your puppy dog eyes. Why?" He studied me. "Is it because I am not weak? I mean you bullied your own wife and mate didn't you? You flexed those powerful muscles and pushed away the only person in the world who could help you keep your throne. You know she was your only hope don't you? And you left her unprotected over and over again.  She's here you know?"

I tensed before I could help myself. My muscles twitching

"I'm going to enjoy taking her." He continued with a soft smile. The tip of his knife flicking over my skin again and again and leaving tiny but painful cuts in my skin. "I'm going to enjoy making her scream and bleed for me." His smile grew huge. A flash of white even teeth that I was dreaming of smashing into the back of his throat. Catching my look his voice dropped to a whisper. "You don't like that do you?" He asked before turning to the other man who was silently standing behind him expressionless.  "He doesn't like us talking about his whore of a mate, does he?" He turned back to me with a malicious grin. "Don't worry I won't use my knives on her in the same way I have on you, I'll make her scream and bleed in a completely different way." He winked.

Rage flowed through me. I strained against the chains and shackles that bound my arms above and to the side.

"Now now." Reaching out he patted my cheek. "Don't you worry about that now. I'll let you watch. I'm sure you would like to watch a real wolf take her. You will love it." Another pat on my cheek. "Just not as much as she will."

Roaring I tried to lash out. To attack him with my human fingers and teeth and end his life in misery. I didn't need to shift to rip him apart , I was stronger than he was and we both knew it. It was the reason he hadn't attacked me before I was shackled to the wall. 

He was a coward.

Laughing he danced away. "So that's your weak spot now huh? Your pretty little mate? I heard you chose Megan over her? Even after Megan had killed your pups in your mates belly. Hush now." He laughed. "You went for the she wolf with the tits and ass and you're locked to her now. But I've seen Cassie." He licked his lips. "And I know how to treat a woman like her. I'll not make her bleed so much that I can put my baby in her belly instead. I wont kill her , not straight away anyway. I think she could be useful."

My muscles bunched and strained and the stone wall behind me groaned as the chairs screwed into them began to move.

He laughed but a flicker of worry entered his eyes. It was there and gone again in a flash but I had seen it before he could blink and hide it away. My strength scared him. It should terrify him. Because I was going to kill him.

"Touch her." I ground out between my gritted teeth. My jaw was clenched so tight that it felt like it was going to break. But I didn't care. I'd had most of the bones in my body broken over the last few days and I would happily take that pain over and over again to keep Cassie safe. To keep my mate and my sons safe.

"And I will kill you." I threatened. I didn't mention my sons , it was better if they believe my heirs were dead. They were all in enough danger as it was. Another mighty tug on my arm and the chain snapped. I whipped it around without really thinking. Catching him across the face with its length. 

I expected some kind of retaliation but instead he threw his head back and laughed. "So she is still here? Hiding like a rat."

Too late I realised my mistake. 

Far far too late.

He slammed me backwards with his arm over my throat and his sour breath flowed across my face. "I'm going to find your goddess fated mate and I'm going to fuck her until she dies right here in front of you. Let's have a little fun shall we?" His eyes glittered with malice. "Let's see who gets to her first."

And then he plunged his long wicked knife into my chest and speared me to the wall.
###chapter 110
Cassie

Sitting cross legged on the narrow bed with the blankets over my knees I gazed down at the two tiny boys in my arms. They looked so much like Julian with their silky hair and piercing eyes that looked up at me. There was wisdom and knowledge in their young eyes. Almost like they recognised me and understood what I was saying to them which was amazing because I didn't really understand what I was going on about. I was just rambling.

"I wish your daddy was here because he would love you so much. He would know what the Goddess wanted you to be named. But he's not and I have to try and figure it out." I sighed. It had been hours since everyone had left me and I was trying not to worry about Ian. "He loves you though." I told them and they blinked like they agreed with me. "He would be here if he could." I frowned, my eyebrows pinching together. "I wish he was here Niall." I frowned harder. It was so strange because my husband had made my life hell almost constantly. There were only a handful of times where he had been sweet and kind and passionate. It was that passion that had put my sons in my arms. Julian had failed me on so many levels but when I had needed him he had always come through and saved me. 

He was locked in a dungeon cell right here in this house and he was taking the torture and not telling our enemies that I was still here. 

He was still trying to protect us.

I never thought I would miss him and want him by my side but I did , there was no denying that.

"He would love you so much Noah." Leaning down I kissed one wrinkly forehead and then the other. "And you as well Niall."

"You have chosen names then?" Ian said softly and I blinked up at him because I hadn't heard him come back.

Glancing from him to the children in my arms I smiled. I hadn't even realised I'd been calling them by their goddess given names.

"So it would seem." I bent over them again. Pressing my lips to their soft silky hair. "Niall and Noah." 

"Perfect names for perfect princes." Ian moved into the room and began piling bread and cheese into two small plates. "Have you eaten anything?" He asked with his back to me. 

"I'm not hungry." I stared at his back. He was acting shifty again. Like he was hiding something from me. 

"You need to eat and keep your strength up. If not for yourself then for them? Plus-" he shook his head. "I'm going to try and get us out of here on the full moon."

I blinked at him in shock. "On the next full moon?" Frowning I shook my head. "Surely that's the most dangerous time for us to move. Everyone will be at the full moon run. They will smell us or we will be seen. If they catch sight of me they will-"

He turned to me and there was anger on his face. I swallowed hard.  maybe he was still angry at me and that's exactly what he wanted. He had his own family to get back to and protect. And they would need protecting now there was a new king.

"Ok." I went back to looking at my sons. "I don't feel comfortable leaving Julian." I side eyed him. "I didn't think you would want to leave your king either. I thought he was your friend."

I knew it was the wrong thing to say the moment I had said it. Ian's face darkened. "I am loyal to my king. How dare you insinuate otherwise. I have given up my own happiness to keep him safe, to keep you safe." He hissed and somehow him not shouting was worse than if he was. 

"I'm sorry I didn't-"

He threw up a hand to silence me. "Eat Cassie and stop making my job harder than it needs to be. I am loyal to my king and to my queen." His eyes met mine and he didn't blink. "You are my queen. Those two babies are princes. I am doing what Julian would want me to do and keep the three of you safe." Tearing into the bread he put a chunk of it on the plates. "Now come and eat, Niall and Noah are asleep."

My eyes flicked down and I smiled. They were asleep. For newborns they slept a lot , almost like they knew they had to be quiet. Placing them side by side on the bed I climbed off and went towards him. Gratefully taking the plate.

"I'm sorry Ian." I muttered around a mouthful of bread. "You know I didn't mean to say you would betray Julian. I know you wouldn't."

"I would. If it meant keeping Yana and you three safe I would betray him in a heart beat and he would expect me to. He would even want me to."

"Does he know about Yana?"

His eyes narrowed. "No. One day I'll tell him. But when things are better. He will understand better then."

I allowed the silence to flow around us as we ate in silence. "You were gone for hours." I filled the quiet with pointless words.

"I had to check something out. These tunnels and rooms are old but there's even older ones. I needed to see if one of those ones is clear."

"Is it?" I asked hopefully. 

He shook his head. "Not yet but it will be soon. Means you will be alone quite a bit though."

"I could help."

"No, it's heavy work and I'm not saying you couldn't help but it's no place for babies. Dusty and if there is a cave in-" he trailed off. He didn't need to say anything anymore. I understood.

"I get it-" a splitting pain lanced through my chest. In the flesh between my heart and my shoulder. Crying out I smashed my hand against it like I expected to find myself stabbed and bleeding. 

"Cassie?" Ian jumped from his seat. His eyes wide with fear. "Cassie what is wrong. Are you hurt?"

Mutely I shook my head. It did hurt but I wasn't hurt. The pain wasn't mine.

"Julian." Panting heavily I took off at a run. "Stay with the. Babies." I ordered over my shoulder as I sprinted towards the secret passages that would take me to my dying mate.
###chapter 111
Cassie

Crawling on my hands and knees I pushed against the giant stone blocks, trying to find the one that would push outwards into my mates cell. Ian had found it straight away I wished I had paid attention because even though the pain was fading now, the fear had intensified. 

I had never realised before how much I could feel Julian even when we weren't together. We were connected because we were more than just husband and wife , we were fated mates.

That connection felt faint now and I knew what that meant. He was dying, so close to death that the flicker of his life's flame could snuff out at any second.

Fighting back the urge to scream I scrambled forward, pushing with all my might and the block moved an inch. "Thank the goddess." Using all of my strength I slid it out enough for me to peer into the dark cell and the relief died on my lips.

No one was moving around, the room was empty. Empty apart from Julian who was up against the wall. One arm shackle high and his head drooping so low that his chin seemed pressed against his chest. He was limp and unmoving.

Dread filled my gut.

"Julian?" I whispered. Nervously I inched forward. He didn't move. "Julian my love-" the words died on my  tongue as I saw the knife protruding out of his chest. That was the reason I had felt that stabbing pain because he had been stabbed.

Unconsciously I rubbed at my own chest. 

Moving as quickly and quietly as I could I scrambled through and climbed to my feet. Moving towards him I lifted his face. Pressing my fingers to his throat to check for a pulse and the entire time my heart slammed into my ribs in a panic.

"Please please." I couldn't find it. I couldn't-

He blinked at me, the corners of his mouth twitched upwards before turning down again in pain. "You shouldn't be here." He whispered and his voice was weak. 

Too weak for my liking.

"Cassie? Is that really you?" He tried to move his arm and failed. 

"It's me." I smoothed back his hair tenderly. "I'm going to help you ok?"

"No." Julian's eyes flashed and for a second he looked angry. "Go away. They could come back and-" he coughed and blood splattered over his lips and chin. Somewhere inside he was bleeding as well.

This was really really bad. 

"I need to check the wound." I stepped back and my foot slipped in his blood. Glancing down I stifled a cry with my fist. Biting down on my fingers.

There was too much blood.

If the internal injuries didn't kill him then the blood loss would. I had to do something otherwise I would lose him in this disgusting room.

"I'm going to try and break these chains."

Again he shook his head. "No you can't. They know you are still around and could come back. You need to leave." He surged forward and smashed his lips back to mine. "Leave now Cassie , take my sons and run. Don't look back. Push me out of your mind and-" he cried out as my fingers slipped around the blade buried in his chest. I probed the wound, jostling the blade.

"No." Frowning I leant in close. The knife had to come out because it was pinning him into the wall but I didn't have anything to stem the bleeding when I pulled it out. And I had to -

Reaching above my head I closed both of my hands around the chain and yanked down with everything I had. It groaned but it didn't shift.

"Stop it Cassie." Julian moaned. "Just leave. That's an order."

"Fuck you." Biting down on my lips I pulled again. Using every ounce of strength that I had. It was useless , I wasn't strong enough.  "I am not yours to order away. I am yours to love."

"What the fuck are you doing Cassie?" I heard Ian crawl out behind me. His voice was low and menacing. 

I glanced behind me for barely a second. "He's dying. I need him free so I can pull out the blade and stem the bleeding. So stop glaring at me and help."

"Get her away from me."

Ian ignored Julian's order and came to stand by my side.

"Niall and Noah?" I whispered as both our hands closed around the chain and began to pull it down and away from the wall. 

"Safe but we can't be found here Cassie. So you best have a fucking plan."

"I do." I lied. "Kind of." The plan was to free the king and then drag him into the hidden passages with us. Yes our enemies would know we had been here but they knew that already. I had faith that Ian could get us out before they found us. And if he couldn't , at least we would die fighting side by side.

"We are getting him out of here."

Ian blinked at me for a second and then he nodded silently. "I am not even going to argue with you Cassie. I'll deal with the shackles but you best get that knife out of him quick so we can drag him out of here." He turned to Julian. "Can you here me old friend?"

Julian nodded.

"The moment she pulls that knife out you shift. Your wolf will be able to start healing you. Do you hear me?"

"No." Julian spat blood from his mouth. "You take my wife and children and get them out of here. Look after them. Take her as your mate and protect them. I will die here happily knowing they are safe."

"Fuck you Julian." I seethed. Moving in front of him I closed my hand around the blade and nodded to Ian. "Ready when you are." 

"No." Julian screamed and I winced back. "You have to leave Cassie. I reject you-" he began to say but at that moment Ian snapped the chains , I yanked the blade out, fumbling for a second so the point of the blade grated loudly in the stone. 

He fell forward and I stumbled trying to catch his weight. 

Ian turned sharply, his fist smashing into Julian's jaw sending him toppling into his arms instead.

"Forgive me your highness." He caught him under the arms and began to drag him towards the small opening. "I think she rejects your rejection."
###chapter 112
Cassie 

"I hope you have a bloody plan Cassie." Ian grunted as he pulled and yanked Julian's unconscious body along the stone floor. I shuffled along with them. My hand pressed on his stab wound so tightly that blood bubbled up through my fingers and spilt over my hands and wrists.

"My plan is for him not to die." I snapped back "I need to dress his wound otherwise he's going to bleed out."

Ian's eyes narrowed. "When we get into the corridor and I have everything closed up then you can. But you have a few minutes at most because I'm sure someone will have heard us. Fuck Cassie." Pulling and pushing he shoved our king into the small gap before stepping back and ushering me forward. "I hope you know what you are doing because this is going to cost us."

Crawling on my hands and knees I paused long enough to look at him over my shoulder. "I won't let him die. If he does I'll kill him."

Ian chuckled with a shake of his head. "Well get that wound sorted. I'll stand guard. If anyone comes in you leave us and run for those babies ok. You get them and hide. I'll hold them off and come and get you when I can."

Fingers of fear crawled up my neck. Making the hairs stand on end. "And if you die?"

He shrugged. "Then it will be up to you to get yourself out. And you will. You're a survivor Cassie and a warrior. Follow your instincts. Now get to work. Just enough that we can move him. You can do your magic shit when we are somewhere safer." He went back to crouching, bouncing on the balls of his feet as he blocked the view of the door. 

I looked at him for a second. Ian was a good man. We were lucky to have someone so devoted to us. Shaking my head I turned back to Julian I stared at his ashen face and froze.

He was dying. I had seen enough people die in the hospitals I had worked in to recognise the signs. 

Blood coated him from shoulder to feet and the bleeding didn't seem to be slowing down. I had minutes to get it under control otherwise I would lose him forever. I was a doctor. One of the best in the country and I knew exactly what to do , I just didn't have any of the apparatus to do it.

Pursing my lips I blew out a breath that made my hair float up around my face. I would just have to make do with what I had. Grunting I tore my jumper upwards, struggling to untangle my arms from it I wadded it up in my hands I pushed it against the bleeding. Forcing it into the wound slightly.

It would help but I already knew it wasn't going to be enough. It was like trying to hold back a tsunami with a sand bag. 

Ian was right. He needed to shift. His wolf was strong and would fight to keep him alive. Only Julian was too weak to force the shift. 

No, I shook my head. Julian was not weak. He just didn't know his strength yet but it was in there. I could feel it. That little spark that told him never to give up.

"Move it Cassie." Ian hissed. "What are you doing just sitting there?"

I ignored him because honestly I didn't know what I was doing. I didn't have a thought or a plan but somehow I knew what I needed to do.

Bending down over Julian's face , I brushed his hair away from his face so I could bring my lips to his ear.

"Now is not the time for a make out session Cassie. Escape and live now, kissy kissy later."

"Be quiet." I snapped at him before lowering my voice to a whisper that was for my mates ears only. "I know you can hear me." I whispered. "You know me." I screwed my eyes up and waited. I didn't know what I was waiting for though. 

Only that I would know when it happened.

It was so quiet when it happened. Like the smallest of rustling of leaves on the forest floor. I held my breath because I could feel it. 

Julian's wolf was awake and edging towards me. Slowly because he was hurt as well. He eyed me through the mate bond and waited.

"Please." I whispered again when the bond seemed to weaken. "Please help me help him. I just need you to shift. I can heal him if you-" a sob ripped its way out of my throat. 

"Cassie, we do not have time for this." Ian's voice was hurried. "Move now."

I didn't move a muscle.

Heat was flowing through me. Not the usual burning heat but just as intense.

I screwed my eyes up and concentrated. If my magical healing power was going to work now would be a great time. 

"Come on, come on." I mumbled under my by breath. "Work damn you."

Power flowed out , and black light exploded behind my eyelids. It felt wrong , not like it had before. Under my hands my power poured out into Julian's-

Fur

My eyes flew open to stare down at my husband's wolf.

He had shifted, only that was impossible unless he was awake.

"What did you do?" Ian whispered in awe.

I shook my head. "I don't know." Only I did know. At least I suspected what I had done. It was impossible but the only thing that made sense.

Ian stared at me with huge eyes and then sighed. "Move to the side so I can close this up and get in front of him." He ordered and I scrambled to get out of the way in the low narrow space. 

Ian worked quickly and quietly, all I could do was sit there and stare at where my hands were buried into Julian's thick fur.

"I'm going to drag him using his fur ok Cassie? You will have to bring up the rear. Use the knife on anyone who follows us. Don't wait to see who they are."

Confused, I glanced down at the knife in my hand. It was still stained with Julian's blood. I nodded mutely.

"I can't believe you did that." Taking great fistfuls of fur Ian began to pull Julian up the narrow corridor. "I can't believe you forced his shift? What other powers do you have?"
###chapter 113
Megan 

"What do you mean?" I studied my long painted fingernails. I meant to look casual but my whole body vibrated with anger. Not that I expected the man before me to notice. He was too wrapped up in his own importance to understand why I would be angry. 

This was all a game to him. It always had been.

"I stabbed him." He shrugged himself out of his shirt and for a second I was distracted by the perfect tanned chest and arms that came into view. Even now, after all of these years he still made my mouth dry and my knees weak just by looking at him. 

I shook the lust filled thoughts away and glared at him angrily. I would not be swayed by his animal magnetism. Not now when I was so angry. We were too close to the ultimate prize to make mistakes now and he knew that.

"You stabbed him?" I sucked in my lips and narrowed my eyes.

"Yeah." His trousers were unzipped and pulled down next. "He got all feisty." Slowly he met my eyes. A wicked glint lit his from within. "When I told him what I was going to do with his precious little mate." Stalking towards me completely naked he grabbed great fistfuls of my hair and yanked my head back. Angling my neck painfully so I could stare up at him. 

"He didn't like me talking about fucking her and broke one of his chains to try and attack me." 

"Duncan." I cried out as his nails scraped into my scalp painfully.  "You plan on -" I couldn't even finish the words before he tugged my head back even further. My eyes teared up from the sudden pain.

"He didn't seem that interested in you though. In fact he seemed to agree with me that you are half the woman Cassie is. Not as pretty, not as talented. You sure as hell aren't as loyal are you?"

How dare he? How dare he say that to me. I had been loyal to him since I was sixteen years old. Everything I had done had been for him. Every man I had fucked, every pound I had taken from those men had been because he had wanted me to. Even pretending I was Julian's mate and then going to his enemy to sell a way to take the throne had been because he wanted that power. 

Now I was the one with enemies on all sides. If Julian took power he would kill me, if Cassies father continued to have power and he found out I had double crossed him, I would die. I was walking a tightrope and Duncan was moving the rope.

"You do have some skills I'm sure she doesn't have though." Laughing loudly he thrust his groin towards my face. I moved my face away. "Remind me of how good you are." His thick cock strained in front of my face. Bobbing and straining towards my face.

"We need Julian alive." 

"He is alive. I just stuck him to the wall like the bug he is." His hand in my hair tightened. "It almost sounds like you care. Are you starting to believe your own lies Megan?" With his free hand he pressed the head of his engorged cock against my lips. I kept them closed.

"I don't care. But we need him alive. You said yourself. Inseminating myself over and over again these last few months has finally resulted in a pregnancy and we need to kid to control him. I give him an heir and free him and he will make me his luna and queen." Narrowing my eyes at him I waited for him to say something. Anything at all but he remained silent. "You said I needed a baby so we could control him. That he would be thankful and-"

Talking had been a bad idea. His cock slipped between my lips and flattened my tongue as it slid into the back of my throat. He held me there, until tears streamed down my face and I was beating at his powerful thighs.

With a laugh he pulled free. Wiping away my tears with fingers that weren't gentle at all. Nothing Duncan had ever done was gentle. 

"It is the plan. Julian won't die from his wounds. At least not straight away. We have plenty of time for you to go and rescue him. After-" he moved against my lips again. "You have shown me just how much you love me. I'm going to fuck your mouth hard." His eye fluttered and a cruel grin spread apart his lips. "And then you will let me use your body because it belongs to me and it has been so long."

"But-" I loved Duncan but he was cruel. 

"You're already pregnant." He pointed out. "I didn't touch you when we were trying to get you full of the kings seed but now that seed has taken root, I can take you as much as I want to." Almost tenderly he caressed my hair back and I felt myself melting against him. It didn't matter that I had never wanted to be a doctor or that I hated the thought of being a mum. Duncan wanted me to be those things and for him I would do anything.

"You're going to be a good girl for me aren't you." Grabbing my cheeks he squeezed, opening my mouth.

"What?" He froze. His head turning towards the door as he listened and that's when I heard it. An alarm going off. Blaring in the distance.

"Fuck."

"Is that the prisoner alarm?" I asked, scrambling up to my feet and backing away. Fear gripped me. "You need to go." I shoved him towards the door hard. My heart beating even harder. "If you are seen here all our plans are over because I'm pretty sure I know who has escaped."

"Julian." He gritted out " The fuck has got free."
 ###chapter 114
Cassie

Red faced and out of breath I rushed in front of Ian to move the babies from the bed so he could heave Julian on to it. Neither Niall or Noah stirred as I cradled them in my arms. It looked like neither one of them had woken up in the time we had been gone and I was glad of that.

Rushing off and leaving them was wrong and it could have gone very very badly. I wanted to hold them to me and never let them go but at the same time I didn't want to touch them with my hands covered in blood. 

Their fathers blood.

Rushing over to the giant desk I found one of the linen baskets by the far wall and carefully placed them in it. It would do for now as a make shift bed. In unison they opened their blue eyes and stared at me. 

"I know you are hungry." I whispered to them as behind me I heard Ian grunt as he lifted Julian's giant wolf on to the bed. "But I just need you to be patient and not cry for a few more minutes." I kissed each of their noses in turn. "Just a little while longer and you can meet your daddy."

They blinked up at me like they understood me.

"Cassie." Ian's voice was urgent.

"A little while longer." I promised them as I rushed towards my mate. "I'm coming." I told Ian.

"He's not bleeding so much but-" he trailed off and I frowned. The bleeding had slowed down but it still matted his fur. Julian's wolf was working hard to fix the damage but he needed some help.

"I'm going to need to clean and stitch up that wound." I said quickly. "And then infections," I shook my head. I'd been so stuck on getting him out of that cell that I hadn't really thought about what I would do to fix him when I did.

"Your medical bag." Ian crowed in triumph and rushed off to get it. 

"I still need something to clean it. My tiny wipes aren't going to do the trick and I need to shave his fur."

"He would rather die."

"He probably will. So I cut his fur down or we somehow make him shift back." I began to pull things from the bag. Everything was basic but it would do for now. There was ever some antibiotics at the bottom. Half a course but it was something. 

"I will cut his fur." Ian shouldered me out of the way and knelt by the side of the bed. "The far less bookcase behind the big red leather bound book." He said cryptically.

I let him get on with the shaving. Pulling the book away I stared open mouthed at what it hid.

"You've been hiding this the entire time." I caught up one of the bottles of spirit and studied it. "I could have done with a drink."

"You were pregnant." He pointed out. "Not the scotch. Use the clear stuff. I think it's vodka but it smells like pure-"

Opening the bottle I sniffed and reeled back. "Almost pure alcohol." It didn't smell drinkable but it would do to clean the stab wound and other cuts and slashes on my husbands body.

I set up on the floor. It wasn't sterile but it was relatively clean. Alcohol, needle and thread, gauze and a small amount of bandage. I had no clue how I was going to keep a bandage in place on a giant wolf.

"Done." Ian stepped back.

"Thank you." Easily I took his place. Taking a deep breath to steady myself I unscrewed the vodka and tipped it straight on the stab wound. 

Instantly Julian's wolf's eyes sprang open, he growled so loudly that it felt like my eardrums had burst. Gnashing his teeth at me , he knocked me flying with a swipe of his giant paws.

"Fuck." I said winded. Staring wide eyed and terrified as Julian's wolf towered over me. In the corner , away from danger the twins started to cry. Obviously sending the danger we were all suddenly in.

"Calm the fuck down." Ian moved so fast I could barely see him. Wrapping his arms around Julian's throat he squeezed until the wolves eyes bulged and his legs went from under him.

"Did you just kill him?" I whispered. Even saying the words sounded silly.

"Just knocked him out. But be quick." Again Ian lifted Julian to the bed and this time I didn't waste any time in getting my needle and thread. 

The entire time Ian held him down. "I can't believe I knocked the king out." He mumbled.

I couldn't help but laugh. "Twice." I pointed out. "But I'm sure he will understand." I added.

"I hope so. Wouldn't want to have to do it a third time. Hey." Leaning forward he studied my stitches. "You are good at that. It's really neat work."

I shrugged. "Plenty of practice in med school. Never stitched up a wolf though. Will they even hold when he shifts back."

"I have no idea." Ian's muscles bunched as the wolf began to struggle again. The animals eyes wide and murderous. "Fuck he needs to calm down." Ian's voice was strained. "Have you got anything that will knock him out medically?"

"I'm a doctor not a vet but if he keeps fighting then - just knock him out again. I only need a few more minutes. We will deal with the shift back when it happens."

"Maybe your magic?"

"I can't just summon it and I don't feel it now."

We lapsed into silence. Julian passed out again and I went to work quickly. Closing the wound finally I sat back on my haunches and stared at him.

"Done?" Ian asked.

"Done. I'm going to wash up quickly and feed the twins." Standing up I stretched and my back cracked. "Can you do me a favour?"

"Anything." Ian winked. "Within reason."

"Pour me a drink. One , just one." I held up a finger because I knew he was about to argue with me about me breast feeding and drinking.. "I think I deserve one drink."

Ian stared at me for a second and then nodded. "You just saved the kings life. I think you deserve a drink."
###chapter 115
Julian

I had got my wolf at a really young age, much younger than anyone else that I had known but I had never have a shift be so painful before. 

It felt like every muscle in my body snapped and shattered. I could feel every hair on my body withdraw. And it was agony.

But I couldn't scream , there was no chance of that because even though it felt like it was taking hours and hours I knew it was only a split second of agony.

Finally in my human form I fell back on the sweat soaked sheets completely spent. It felt like I had just run a hundred miles in one go. 

Dazed and confused I stared straight upwards and frowned.  Where was I?

I was in a bed, not my bed it wasn't comfortable enough but it was still a bed. My brow furrowed even more which only gave me a headache.  

The last thing I remembered was being shackled to a wall and then he had started on about what he was going to do to Cassie and I had broken free only to be-

"Cassie." Her name left my mouth in a whooshed mumble.

There was moment to the side of me and I tried to turn my head that way but I couldn't. Infact I couldn't move much of my body at all. It felt like I was tied down. 

Was I chained somewhere else? Had they laid me down to torture me in new and unusual ways.

It felt like something in me broke. Not my bones but in my spirit. Like my soul was shattering but not for myself. They could do whatever they wanted to me ,  but my family-

I thrashed wildly.

"Julian." Warm soft hands pressed down on my shoulders firmly, pushing me back into the lumpy mattress. "Hush Julian, it's me. I'm here."

My body went rigid as my eyes tried to focus enough to find her face. And there she was. 

"Cassie." I said her name like a prayer. All breathy and hushed. "Is it really you?" I wanted to reach out and touch her cheek to make sure she wasn't some sort of hallucination but my arms were bound to the bed.

"It's me and you are  safe. Just try and stay still ok. I'm going to get a light so I can check the stitches after your shift."

There was a rustling and I cried out. I wanted to grab her and never let her go.

"Please don't go." I croaked instead.

Cassies sigh was loud but she didn't leave. Instead she sat on fhe edge of the bed and stared down at me. Caressing me with her eyes.

"Why?"

"Why are you here?" She finished for me.

"Yea."

"Because we freed you." Cassie said simply.

Anger flowed through me, almost forcing me to shift again. "You did what?" I seethed. "Why would you do that? I told you-"

Leaning over me her eyes flashed. "You were dying. Stuck to the wall like a butterfly with a pin. What did you expect me to do? Just leave you there to die?"

I opened my mouth to speak and then shut it again with a snap. Searching the shadows of her face I sighed heavily. "Why not? I would think me being dead would be a gift after everything I did to you." My voice cracked. "How I treated you."

"I don't know." Cassie said quietly. "I should hate you but-" almost timidly she reached across my chest and ran her fingers softly down my cheek. "But I don't. Not enough to leave you to die anyway."

"I'm glad you don't hate me that much but I am still angry at you Cassie. You put yourself in unnecessary danger for me."

Cassies sigh was loud. "I think I've been in danger from the moment we got married Julian. And I'm sure we are stronger together. At least until we get your throne back. After that-"  in the darkness I saw her shrug. 

"I want you by my side. Now I know-" my voice broke. I couldn't help it. She was mine. I just hadn't realised it. Not until it was too late anyway.

"We will discuss that when you are better because-"

I felt the blood run from my face. It left me lightheaded. "I don't mean the rejection." And I hadn't. I had just wanted her to leave me and save herself. 

"Words don't mean anything." Another shrug. "Actions mean so much more. We don't live in the dark ages anymore. But we will discuss this another time." She lifted herself from the bed. "I'm just going to check the stitches quickly. If they aren't too bad I will let you rest until I change them but if they aren't-" she glanced behind her. "Well if they aren't then we will deal with that now."

"I feel fine." I found myself smiling. "I would feel better if you kissed me and laid down next to me. I think we would both sleep better."

Cassie gave a tinkering laugh. "I am sure you would but I need to keep an eye on you for infections. I have something to help make sure that doesn't happen." She yawned, clapping a hand over her mouth. "Sorry, it's been a long long few days." She apologised.

"Then come and lay with me. And why the hell am I tied to the bed?"

"Because you kept trying to attack me when I was stitching you up and Ian felt bad about knocking you out all the time."

"Ian knocked me out?" I arched an eyebrow.

"Several dozen times well maybe not that many. But anyway you stay tied up until we know there's no infection that will make you hallucinate and go on a rampage. If you need more pillows or blankets to be comfortable then I will get them."

I stared in her general direction. "I am fine. But I would definitely be more comfortable with you by my side. Lay with me Cassie. Just let me be close to you." That's what I wanted more than anything. Not to fuck her , just to have her close to me. I knew it would speed up my healing and mend my soul at the same time.

"I can't it's almost four am."

I frowned. "What happens then?"

"Your sons wake up for their breakfast which is me. So close your eyes. Sleep. Hopefully when you next wake up , you can meet them."

Meet them? My heart lurched, and skipped a beat. My sons were in this room with me. We were finally all together. It should have filled me with joy.

So why did it fill me with dread instead?
###chapter 116
Cassie

"I am worried about him," Ian said the second he sat down in one of the chairs. Once they had been pretty comfortable but that had been when we had first come here, now after several days of sleeping on them or the hard wooden floor they felt more like torture devices.

I didn't need to ask him who he was talking about because I knew. "I'm worried about him as well." I said my eyes darting to the bed in the corner where Julian still slept. Drenched in sweat he was mumbling. He had been like that since he had woken up the night we saved him and that was four days ago. At first I could force him awake to take the antibiotics but those were gone now. It felt like there was nothing else for us to do but wait but I also knew waiting might kill him. 

"I'm worried as well." I said again, turning my attention back to Ian with a sigh. This wasn't part of the plan. Getting him out was meant to be a good thing. 

"What do you think is-" he trailed off as Julian let out a loud groan and then went back to sleep.

"I would say an infection. That knife was filthy. And he was covered in cuts and then there was the spitting up blood." I shook my head. "It could be any number of things."

"And you can help with those things?" There was clear worry in Ians voice.

I sighed. "Possibly if I had the right equipment and medicine but not here. He needs a hospital."

"I'll just phone an ambulance shall I?" Ian's voice was gruff.

"There's no need to be sarcastic. You asked and I told you. Is there an infirmary here?" Lifting my head I stared at him and Ian stared right back.

"Don't even think about it." He warned.

"It was a simple question."

For twenty full seconds he stared at me and didn't say anything. "I'll go. I'll be faster than you are and-"

"And you have no idea what we need." I pointed out. "I will go , you just need to tell me where to go."

"No." Ian said sharply. "Absolutely not. You have a price on your head. If they find you." He shook his head.

"Then I won't let them find me."

"Do you want to leave the boys? If they catch you then you will leave Niall and Noah without a mother."

I knew what he was trying to do. He was attempting to make me feel guilty and it was working but I knew it had to be me. He might be faster and stronger but that's exactly why he had to stay behind.

"You need to be here to protect them for me. If you go and get caught then I have no chance of escaping this palace. I can't carry the twins and Julian. If something happens to me then you are their only hope of surviving this." I sucked in a breath and let it out in a long exhale. "We both know this."

Ian was silent and then he sighed just as loudly as I did. "Fine , get me a pen and paper and I will draw you a map. What do you want to do about the boys?"

I looked at him confused.

"Feeding them Cassie?" He pointed out. "I don't have the equipment to do it for you." He motioned towards my chest and I couldn't help it. I giggled.

"I'll express , it's not ideal but it will do. If I'm not back within twenty four hours-"

"You will be back , fuck." He jumped to his feet. "I can't believe I'm letting you do this. It's crazy. Julian is going to kill me."

"He will die if we don't. You want to leave on the full moon and that's just a few days away. We need him to be able to at least walk. This is our only option." I pointed out.

"I still think it should be me. I know where I am going."

"And I know what we need. We could do with some food as well." I glanced at the almost empty basket that Cathy had brought us. "I'll stop by the kitchen on the way back."

I said it as a joke but it wasn't a half bad idea.

"You're going to be the death of me Cassie."

"And staying here will be the death of all of us." I pointed out tartly.  

"Fine." Ian cracked his shoulders loudly as he stretched. "Do what you need to do to prepare yourself. Feed and express what you can for the boys. I don't know how I'll get it into them but I will figure something out. I'll sort you out a uniform and draw a map." He studied me with his eyebrows knit together over his intense eyes. "And find you some weapons."

My eyes widened in shock. "Uniform and weapons?" I asked confused.

"You will stick out like a sore thumb dressed in leggings and an old man's shirt. The easiest way for you not to draw attention to yourself is if I dress you like a guard. Or at least so you look kind of like one. Plus it's easier to move and you're going to have to move quickly and quietly." He took two steps away and then turned back to face me. One deep breath and then he crushed me to his chest in a hug that was so tight that it bruised my ribs and squeezed the air from my lungs. After a second I wrapped my arms around him. Hugging him back. It was the first time he had ever embraced me and I welcomed it. It made me feel safe but at the same time it worried me. It felt like he was saying farewell. 

"You're such a brave woman Cassie. Braver than you know but this situation is seriously dangerous." Pressing his lips to my hair he stepped back  and walked away. "Prepare yourself and- say your goodbyes."
###chapter 117
Cassie

I didn't know why Ian was so worried. I made it to the small private infirmary without seeing anyone at all and had no trouble getting inside thanks to the Key Ian had given me. How he had come to have a master key to the palace I didn't know and I didn't want to know. Ian was a man of many secrets. I knew one thing for certain though. I never wanted Ian to be my enemy.

Placing the last of what I needed in the satchel I was carrying , I adjusted the leather straps he had forced me to wear. The worst thing about this whole situation was how I was dressed.

It was not comfortable for me but I could see how it could be functional. I felt like a bad ass.

One last look around I moved as quietly as I could to the closed door and opened it wide. 

"Where is everyone?" A voice asked loudly and I froze. Closing the door I peeked out of the tiny gap as two women walked passed. They were young, and clearly maids or something like that. But I didn't recognise either one of them from my time visiting the palace when the old king was still alive. They must have been new.

"There's another execution." The one nearest the door said with a shiver.  

"Another one?" Her friend asked shocked. "How many is that now?"

A shrug answered her question. "Since Prince Julian escaped-" the blonde shook herself. "I mean King Julian now. Five. They are questioning anyone who might be loyal to him."

"Don't call him that." The other one hissed, lowering her voice. "If someone hears you then you will be next on Duncan's chopping table."

I narrowed my eyes and watched as both their faces closed down completely. 

"He gives me the creeps. He's so-"

"Sadistic?" A small mirthless giggle hit my ears. "What he's been doing to that old housekeeper is just plain disgusting."

My heart slammed into my chest. They couldn't be talking about who I thought they were talking about, could they?

Holding my breath I leant forward so I could hear them clearer. I didn't want to miss anything they were saying. In my situation knowledge was power and I needed as much of it as I could get.

"Yeah my brother was saying to Ma last night that he walked past her cell and he had -" the next words were jumbled. A rush of words that I couldn't understand. "It's horrible but at least tonight she will be finally put out of her misery. I mean it has to be better than what she is going through. She's probably praying to the goddess for death." 

They shuffled off , leaving me staring after them. They hadn't mentioned the condemned name or what was being doing to her but I had a horrible sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach. 

And this Duncan? I didn't know who he was but I was guessing he was the same person who had tortured and stabbed Julian. 

A bully and a coward who tortured people who couldn't fight back or old women.

I felt physically sick that my father was the one who was doing all of this. He had been the one who'd had me attacked and almost raped. He had sworn an oath to the king and betrayed it. He betrayed every single person who had ever loved him. I didn't know why though. Why now? 

My mother.

My mum waking up had to have something to do with it. Maybe she knew something about him or he thought she did and her getting better had forced his hand. Really it didn't matter. 

My father was a traitor.

Only he wasn't my father , I knew that much. I didn't know who my father was but it wasn't the man who had raised me and made my life hell. 

Not that any of the past mattered now. He was doing terrible terrible things and needed to be stopped. And I wanted to be the one who stopped him or at least helped bring him down.

Glancing down at the satchel I frowned. Julian needed the medicine I had in it but we needed information more. We needed answers and to know exactly what we were up against.

I made the decision in a split second and slipped out of the room to hurry after them. 

No one bothered me at all as I made my way down to the main hall. Ian had done a good job at making me look like a guard even if I was still wearing my filthy leggings.

The grand double doors were flung open and a crowd had formed.  I settled into the back of the mass of people and tried to blend in. It was pretty easy. No one was talking , everyone had their heads down and their eyes locked onto their feet. 

The atmosphere just felt wrong. Like all of the life had been sucked out of it. These people, my people, were so beaten down that they couldn't even lift their eyes. Or maybe they were just too afraid to. 

A murmur went up and my head snapped around as two guards dragged a tiny figure into the room. The crowd parted for them. And for a second I had an uninterrupted view of the woman's face. Or what was left of it.

They had skinned her. Her body was nothing but red pulsing flesh and what looked like gossamer that floated around her. It took me a second to realise that it was pieces of her flayed skin. 

Bile and vomit rushed up to my throat and I clapped my hand over my mouth. I wasn't even the only one. People looked disgusted.

Disgusted and scared.

I wasn't scared, I was furious.

Like she could hear my thoughts the woman's head turned her head towards me for a second and her eyes widened in shock.

"Bring the accused to me." A loud voice spoke out. I turned my attention back to him. Duncan. It had to be.

"And hold her down." He commanded. 

"She can't even stand. I don't think you need to hold her down when you execute an old woman." Someone next to me mumbled.

"An old innocent woman." Someone else added.

I didn't turn to either of them even though I agreed with them. The woman on the platform in front of me was innocent. 

I memorised Duncan's face as he stepped forward and shifted. His wolf was bigger than any I had ever seen. A weird blend of brown and white that made him look dirty because the fur looked matted together.

Or maybe it looked matted because -

I let out a startled woosh of breath as the wolf lunged forward , his giant jaws opening wide and closing around the woman's throat without any warning. There was a moment just a moment where the condemned looked at me with wide terrified eyes and then-

Cathy's head left her shoulders with a loud snap.
###chapter 118
Cassie

I stood there, surrounded by my people who were no longer my people and stared. No one made a sound. Everyone was in too much shock for that. 

And I was no exception.

I couldn't do anything but stand there and stare at the broken bloody mass that used to be one of the sweetest kindest ladies I had ever met. She had been nice to me. She had welcomed me.

Cathy had been my friend.

And he had ripped her apart from his own mouth. Like a wild feral animal. 

He had snuffed out her life like it meant nothing after days and days of unimaginable torture. He had caused pain and suffering to an old lady for no other reason than she had been tried to help me.  Not that Duncan knew that. He thought she was the one to help Julian escape. As if she had the strength to do that. They didn't know it was me.

At my side my fist unclenched and moved towards the knife that was strapped to my thigh. 

He had murdered  my friend and for a crime that I had committed. 

I would - I would-

A hand closed around my wrist and drew my hand back. I glanced to the side and came face to face with a familiar face. 

Scarlett shook her head silently, mouthing. "No."

Goddess it was good to see her. But at the same time I hated seeing her here because if anyone knew we were friends they would go after her and her family next. 

My fingers unclenched. She was right of course. I'd been lucky so far not to be seen and recognised but if I made a scene and stepped forward to challenge the monster now I would be killed. I didn't have a chance in hell at beating Duncan in a fair fight. And he would order his guards. I'd be dead within seconds.

Scarlett turned her attention back to the front and I followed suit but her hand was still tight around my wrist. It was almost like she was still warning me.

"Traitors to the one true king will not be tolerated. Rebellion will not be tolerated." Duncan stood on the platform in his human form. Naked, his mouth and chin and all the front of his chest drenched in blood. He stood there and grinned.

"Anyone suspected of aiding him will be taken and-" his grin spread across his face. "Questioned profusely."

I swallowed hard. Tortured! By questioned he meant tortured.

"Now is the time for us to come together as a community. We can be strong again.  I do not want to do this." He held Cathy's head up. "Every loss of wolf life is abhorrent to me but I have been tasked to weed out the traitors.  An that's why I am going to be checking into each and every one of you. If you have nothing to hide and wish to tell me you know of - the pretender-" he swept his eyes across the crowd but he didn't stop and stare at me. I was just a unknown face in the crowd. "So I am asking now. If you have had any relationship with Julian and his wife, any at all. Step forward for questioning now. You can not hide those relationships from us. Honesty really is the best policy here." He laughed. "It will save your life." Again he held Cathy's head up high. Blood dripped from the ropey tendons of her next. But it was on her face that my eyes locked.

She was my friend.

Again my fist clenched. 

"Don't do it." Scarlett hissed out of the corner of her mouth. The sound of shuffling muffled her words. "Trust me," she whispered. Confused I stared at her. But I wasn't confused for long. Open mouthed I stared at her as she raised her hand.

"Eyes forward, don't flinch." She hissed again. And I quickly did what she asked me to do. "Trust me Cassie."

"You." Duncan turned his attention to us, his eyes narrowing and I fought back the urge to shrink back under that gaze. "How do you know them?"

"I gave Cassie a job." Scarlett drew herself up to her full height. She didn't make any indication that I was standing right next to her. "At my ballet studio and later she came to my pack and helped us with some of our injured. You spoke to my mate about Julian's visit to us but I didn't know who Cassie was at the time." She took a deep breath and squeezed my wrist. "They did not mention who they were to each other."

Duncan's eyes narrowed. "They deceived you."

"Yes it would seem that way. I have not seen her since."

There was a pause as Duncan glanced around at the other raised hands before settling back on Scarlett. From behind him there was rustling. Like someone was moving towards him unseen. 

Megan.

I didn't need to see her to know it was her. If she caught sight of me then this was all over.

"You have done the right thing, come forward."

The smallest of tremors swept through Scarlett's body before she lifted her shoulders and stepped forward. I didn't want to let go on her. I wanted to take her with me to keep her safe. Especially after what had just happened but I knew what she was doing. Scarlett was purposely putting herself in harm's way so I could get out of this room. 

She walked forward and all eyes watched as she walked towards what could be her death. It gave me the perfect opportunity to slide out of the room unseen. The moment I did I was running. I ran so fast that it felt like I was flying and the entire time the tears that I had been holding back streamed down my face.

It seemed to take years before I pulled open the door to the secret passage and slipped inside. Darkness wrapped around me. So black that I couldn't see.

My feet slowed as the grief and horror of what I had just seen overwhelmed me.

"Cassie." Strong arms wrapped around me and I screamed. Fighting against him.

"Sssh it's me, it's Ian. What happened?"

I stared up at his friendly face as I collapsed in a heap. "They killed her Ian." I sobbed hiding my face in my hands. "They tortured and killed her."
###chapter 119
Cassie

"Drink." Ian ordered.

A glass of deep amber liquid was pushed across the table towards me and I looked at it blankly and then raised my eyes too look around confused.

How had I got back here? The last thing I remembered was-

Oh god Cathy. The ruins of her body and the blood so much blood.

Numbly I closed my hand around the glass and emptied it into my mouth. The burning down my throat helped me bring me back to myself. 

"Thank you." I mumbled as I let the glass drop back on to the table.

"Another one?" Ian raised his eyebrow. His voice was careful almost like he was scared I was going to become hysterical again. 

I glanced at my twins sleeping in the basket. They were such good babies. They barely made any noise. I knew I had it easy and not all newborns were like this. I had expressed milk enough for a few days so I knew I could have another drink if I needed to. And I wanted to but I wanted to feed them more. I needed to hold my pups to feel connected again. To feel like there was some good in the world.

Because there was so much evil and today I had been face to face with it. 

"No." I shook my head. " I best not."

"Ok." Ian continued to stare at me. "Do you feel ready to tell me what happened? What you saw?" He waited for me to say something but I couldn't. "You were gone for so long that I was beginning to get worried."

"Did something happen?" My eyes found Julian. "I should tend to him." My hands shook as I reached for the bag and drew it onto my lap to look inside. "I have everything we need I think and-" I tried to stand up and Ian was at my side in an instant.

"Slow down Cassie. Nothing bad happened here. There is no changes in anyone. I just had an awful feeling about you." He sighed. "And with good reason it seems. What happened out there?" He asked. "Were you seen?"

I shook my head silently pulling out the things I needed. Ian needed me to tell him what was happening out there and I knew I had to but I wasn't ready. 

Shaking off his hand I went to Julian. Working quietly and quietly to set up the drip.

"Damn there's no where-"

"Here." Ian took it from my hands and held it aloft before wedging it into the alcoving.  "Cassie talk to me." He said quietly.

"I wasn't seen. Well I was but she is a friend. They have been torturing and executing people who have links to us. Not just Julian but me and probably you as well. They-" I choked back the sob. "It wasn't - nice to see."

"What do you mean see?" Ian's eyebrows slammed down. "How did you see?"

"Because I went down and watched. There was hundred of wolves there and- it's was awful Ian. I'll never ever be able to forget how she looked. She was so good to us and they skinned her." Through tear streamed eyes I stared at him and silently begged him to understand what I was trying to tell him so I didn't need to say it out loud.

"She was my friend." I finished lamely.

"Who?" For a second Cathy looked confused and then his face changed. It became murderous. "Cathy." He said in a whisper. 

I didn't say a word I didn't need to. 

"They tortured and executed an old lady?"

"Yes he did?" Doing one final check on Julian's wounds I went back to my seat. 

"They?" Ian followed after me. His voice was flat. He was past angry now. He was murderous. I couldn't blame him for that. I wanted to kill people as well. 

"Some guy called Duncan. He seems-"

"Duncan?" Ian interrupted me jumping out of his seat. "Are you sure his name was Duncan?"

"I think so. He seems to be the one who is doing most of the bad stuff.  The torturing and executions." I shuddered and screwed my eyes closed as I took breath after breath to try and calm my erratic heartbeat. "He ripped her head off. Well his wolf did. I have never seen anything like it." Wrapping my arms around myself I struggled to keep the hysterical sobs away but it was hard. 

"Well that makes sense." Ian began to pace back and forth. "But what the hell was you dad thinking working with him? Duncan is a viper , a snake." He shook his head. "If he trusts Duncan then he is a fool and he will die screaming. Duncan is many things but someones guard dog is not one of them." He took a deep breath. "I'm going to go and continue to try and clear that passage. We need to get out of here. Soon." His chest heaved. "As soon as we can. We have no supplies but him being here-" He shuddered. "I know you are tired but you need to stay awake whilst I'm gone. You need to stand guard. We can't let him sneak up on us. If he finds out-"

"What's going on Ian?"

"Things have just gone from bad to worse Cassie, that's what. Your dad won't be pretend king for much longer not if he is trusting Declan. Declan will declare himself king within the month. Probably sooner. Was your dad even at this execution?" 

I shook my head. "No, neither he nor his mistress were there." Honestly I hadn't even thought to look for them which was strange. "That's weird isn't it? But maybe I missed him. I was too busy trying not to avenge Cathy."

Sadness swept over Ian's face. "I can't talk about Cathy right now. When this is over, when I have avenged everyone who has hurt her then I will be able to think and talk about her. She was a good woman."

"Yes she was." I nodded.

"Keep your blades in your hand and barricade all the doors but the one I'm going through. In fact barricade that one after I leave as well. I'll say the twins names when I come back so you know it's me. Do that now. I need to get to work. We need to leave-" he swept his hand threw his hair until it stood on end. 

"How bad are things?" I asked but didn't want to know the answer. Not really.

"If your father isn't already dead then he will be soon. Prepare yourself for that. Duncan won't stop now he's this close to the throne."

"You know him don't you? This Duncan?" I asked. "How do you know him?"

Ian finally met my eyes. "Yes I know him. Julian does too. Although we haven't seen him since we were children. At one point the three of us were best friends."
###chapter 120
Cassie 

"We were best friends." Ian's words seemed to haunt me , they haunted me as much as the memories of watching my friends head be ripped from her shoulders. And then there was Scarlett. She had offered herself as a sacrificial lamb as well, she might be dead. The idea of the beautiful dancing she wolf laying dead on the great halls floor nagged at me, just as much as anything else. And what was worse was the fact that Julian still hadn't woken up.  There was no fever now, that had broken finally and his wounds had all but healed. Leaving nothing but silver pink and shiny scars. There was no reason for him to be still asleep.

But he just wouldn't wake up.

From my place at the desk, curled up on the giant leather chair behind it. Somewhere I had taken to sleeping. I stared at him. The room was almost in darkness because we had been conserving energy and candles. We didn't know how long we would have to stay here now the full moon had come and gone and Julian was not awake.

The window of escape was over , Ian said something else would present itself but I had seen the worry in his eyes. The way he began rationing what food and water we had left, the candles , the -

On the bed Julian groaned an turned over in his sleep and I was on my feet and rushing towards him in a second. Perching on the edge of the bed, I smoothed my hand over his forehead and through his hair which was longer than I had ever seen it. 

"Julian?" I whispered his name. In the last twenty four hours the boys had become grizzly and irritable and it had just taken me several hours to get them down. I didn't want to wake them by speaking too loudly. My husband and mate didn't stir. "Julian, if you can hear me then I'm going to need you to wake up."

He didn't move, he didn't even snore but there was a change in him that I could feel but couldn't see. Like something was creeping towards the surface.

His wolf.

His wolf was awake and prowling towards me. 

I shifted my weight, leaning over him with my hands on either side of his shoulder I brought my lips to his  ears to whisper. "That it, come towards my voice." I said and held my breath. It had worked before, I had called to his animal and it had come. I didn't like to think about it because it was meant to be impossible. I could almost get my head around the fact I had some kind of magical healing gift, I was a doctor so that kind of made sense but calling another shifters animal to the front? No one should have that kind of power. Our animals were sacred to us.

"It's Cassie. I'm your-" I froze and looked down into the open eyes of my husband. His wolf looked back at me but I wanted to scream with happiness. 

He was awake. His eyes were open.

"H-" I opened my mouth to say hello but never got the chance. Moving with a speed that was mind blowing he gripped the back of my head with both of his huge hands and smashed our mouths together. 

His lips forced mine open, his tongue darted into my mouth to explore every inch of me. I didn't hesitate for a second. I kissed him back, and I put all the relief I was feeling into it. 

Julian was awake and that's all that mattered. It meant that we could finally try and escape this opulent prison. I would be able to take my children outside for the first time in their short lives and feel the wind on my face.

Julian's angry animalistic growl caused my eyes to snap

Open. He didn't seem to notice, he continued his assault on my mouth. His hands like vices on the back of my head. But his kiss changed. It had never been gentle to begin with and this was almost painful. My lips were crushed painfully into my teeth.

I tried to move away, just an inch so I could tell him to stop. But his grip on me was too tight.

Instead of letting me go, he kept me locked to him with one hand and the other arm wrapped around me and yanked me on top of him. 

"Julian stop-" I managed to say before he crashed my mouth back down on his. His hands slid up the inside of the shirt, trying to get to my breasts as I struggled. He couldn't from this angle.

"Mine." He growled and flipped us. He had almost died and should be weak but his strength was astonishing. In a blink of an eye I was pressed into the mattress and his weight was over mine. Crushing me , locking me in place.

He nipped at my lips, his teeth piercing the skin and stared down at me. Only it wasn't Julian, it was his wolf. I had called his wolf and now it was here and he was going to.

My shirt was yanked up over my stomach so he could free my breasts. And his eyes shone as he stared down at them.  "So full." His voice was almost a lisp, his mouth suddenly full of teeth that were far too big for his human mouth. "So full of milk. I will feast on them. I will feast on all of you and then fill you back up." He brought his lips to the swell of my heavy breasts. Kissing and biting his way to my swollen nipples.

His hands began to tug at my leggings, trying to push the down. Only the weight of his body on mine made it impossible. 

Growling in frustration he began to tear at them and that's what made me move. He couldn't do this, I couldn't do this. It was too soon. Julian's mouth closed around my nipple and sucked. 

"No." I beat at his shoulders. But I may as well have been beating a rock for all the notice he paid me. "Stop Julian it's too soon. I'm not heale-"

Julian's weight was ripped off me. Ian sent him sprawling to the floor but Julian was quick. Rolling to his feet he came at his oldest friend with a roar. "She is mine. You come between me and my mate?"

"And she said no." Ian punched him straight in the face and knocked his king straight out.

Again.
###chapter 121
Julian 

I had attacked her in the worst way possible and the guilt of it ripped me up inside. She forgave me, she had told me that much but I didn't forgive myself. I probably never would.  

From my place behind the huge desk, I watched her as she moved around the room. Her hips swaying as she rocked the baby in her arms to sleep. Now and then her soft voice sang a little lullaby to them. I couldn't keep my eyes off of her. This was the real Cassie. The soft side that I had refused to see when we were first married. Goddess I had been blind. So very blind. 

I could see now and she was all I could see. Now she blinded me in a completely different way.

"Which twin is that?" I asked softly and instantly regretted it. Talking to her broke the spell. She turned to me with a frown. A line appearing between her eyebrows. "Niall." She said softly. "Would you like to hold him?" She asked softly but I could tell by her face that she already knew the answer was no.

Even though I was up and out of bed now. I had yet to hold my children. I was still weak and shaky or that was the excuse I kept giving anyway but truthfully I couldn't stand to touch them.

Not after what I had done to their mum. Or tried to do anyway. I wouldn't sully their innocence by touching them with the hands of a rapist. 

I shook my head silently and turned my face away.

"You didn't rape me Julian." Bending down she placed my son next to his brother and came to stand against my knees. "You have to stop thinking like that."

I glanced up at her in shock. "I didn't say-"

"You didn't need to." Reaching down she cupped my cheek, and lifted my head to face her. The smallest of smiles curved up the corners of her lips. "You're face is screaming the guilt." Her eyes softened. "You have nothing to feel guilty about. You didn't do anything." She reminded me.

"Because Ian stopped me." I tore my face away from hers and stared off into the distance. "If he hadn't-" I trailed off chewing on my lip. "He is a better mate that I am for you. He protects you. I should-"

Clamping her hand over my mouth Cassies eyes flashed as she climbed over my lap. Her legs straddling mine. "No." She snapped. "Get that thought out of your head. Ian is my friend. He is your friend and he is loyal." She lowered her chin to my hair. And I could feel her breath against my scalp as she sighed. "You and me-" she began to say when Ian appeared. Almost guiltily she scrambled off and I missed the feel of her weight against my legs. It took everything I had not to drag her back on top of me. Because I missed her so much. Of course I couldn't do that. Being forceful was what had me feel so guilty.

I dropped my hands to my side.

"Hope I'm not interrupting anything?" Ian raised an eyebrow.

"No." I hissed back. "Nothing." I couldn't even look at either of them. I didn't know why.

"So not another make out session?" Ian chuckled but I didn't find it funny at all. "I'm kind of glad." He carried on before I could answer him. "Because we need to leave."

In front of me, Cassies head snapped up. "What? Now?"

"Within the hour." Ian turned and went to the back wall bookcase. He began moving things without saying a word. "Prepare yourselves." He called out over his shoulder. 

"What's happened?" I asked and by the look on Cassies face she had been about to ask the same thing. Ian didn't answer at first he continued to pull things from the shelves. 

"Ian?" I snapped.

With a grumble he turned to me. "Can't you just trust me?" He asked even though he already knew the answer. "I have heard whispers." He admitted.

"I thought you were clearing a way out?" Cassie asked and there was so much judgement in her voice that I blinked at her in shock. 

My wife still had a back bone. I was kind of glad about that. I liked her feisty side. 

"The tunnel is clear. But that doesn't mean I'm deaf." Ian snapped right back. For a second Cassie looked taken aback. 

"I know that but-"

"Duncan is going to crown himself king, today." Sighing Ian turned back to us fully. "Maybe tomorrow. For all I know it's happening now but -" he sucked in a breath. 

I bolted upright, ignoring the pain in my joints. "Duncan? What does Duncan have to do with this?"

"Him and Megan have been working together. He killed-" Cassie turned away

"He killed Cathy." Ian finished for me. "He's actually executed over fifty people since then. And from I heard the traitor king is next. His mistress has already fled." 

Cassie stiffened. "I always hated her." She admitted softly. "But I'm glad she has run. I wouldn want her or her unborn child to come to any harm."

I stared at her for a second and then shook my head. She was a better person than I was. 

"Duncan?" I whispered. That was why the man in the suit had looked so familiar. Because I knew him. It had been decades since I had seen him but it had been Duncan. No wonder he had enjoyed my torture so much, Duncan hated me. Hated my family and was now trying to take everything I loved from me. Knowing my enemy didn't make things easier for us , it made things worse because I knew Duncan. And I knew what he was capable of. If he took the throne and the crown then my wolves were in serious trouble.

"We can't be here when he takes power." Ian walked towards us, holding up something that looked like scraps of material in his hands.

"I won't abandon my people." I muttered. I couldn't do that. I wouldn't.

Ian's eyes met mine unblinking. "That is your choice Julian but I am getting your wife and your heirs out of here. I am going to protect your family and then I will protect mine."

I frowned. What did he mean protect his? Did Ian even have a family? 

"You can stay and die if you want." He continued as he motioned Cassie forward. "And don't doubt for a second that you will die. Or you can help do you duty and live to fight another day. You know what Duncan will do if he finds Cassie and the boys here.  But you are my king-"

I swallowed hard. "How are we going to -"

Ian's lips twitched. "How am I going to carry two newborns and you from here?" Throwing his head back he laughed. "With a sling." He lifted up the scraps of material. "Cassie will carry the twins in this. I will help you. I can drop you if I need to fight." His eyes twinkled. "Wouldn't be the first time recently, I've put you on your ass your highness." The laughter died on his lips. "Now will you get your shit together so we can leave."
###chapter 122
Cassie

I don't know when Ian had been the double baby sling but I was glad of it. It wasn't exactly comfortable but it secured the twins to my body and kept my hands free.

One of those hands was curled firmly over a long wicked looking dagger.

"Is that?" Walking to the side of me, Julian glanced at my hand. "Duncan's blade?"

"How did you know?"

He gave a small shrug. "It has his family crest on it plus I can still smell my blood on it." He answered softly. We were talking in hushed voices because Ian said we had to move quickly and quietly.  He was worried. More worried than I had ever seen him. I could tell in the stiff way his shoulders were set. He vibrated with barely contained violence. Like he was only just holding back some rage. I made me wonder what else he had found out. Not that I would get a chance to ask him until we were somewhere safe and even then he might not tell me. 

Ian was full of secrets. 

"I'm surprised you kept it." Julian's voice brought me back to myself. Shaking myself I turned my head towards him. "Yeah I kept it." I said simply.

"Why?" It was genuine question but I wasn't sure I could answer it. Not without him looking at me in a new way.

"Cassie?"

I took a deep breath. Setting my shoulders. "I watched when he beheaded Cathy." I said softly but my voice carried. "He pretty much skinned her before that. The torture he made her suffer made your time under his knife look like a childish spat. He ripped her apart and then used his wolf to rip her apart." I sucked in a breath. Forcing myself to calm down.  I couldn't let myself get angry. It had been so long since I had shifted and let my wolf out and she was desperate for revenge. 

She would get it as well, just not yet. 

"I'm going to kill him with this knife." I said finally.

By my side Julian reached for my hand. His fingers brushing against the back of it. "You're a doctor. A healer. Do not be so quick to take someone's life Cassie. It changes you. And I don't want you to change."

He meant it in the sweetest way but I whirled on him with a low menacing growl. "You don't know shit about me Julian. I am going to kill your friend. There's nothing you can say to change my mind. For what he has done," I vibrated with anger. "I will end his miserable existence."

"He isn't my friend." Julian said through gritted teeth. He was walking unaided but it was costing him. He kept stumbling and was growing slower and slower. We hadn't even been walking for long and he was slowing us down. Soon Ian would have no choice but to help him. 

Goddess I hated thinking of him as a liability but I did. 

"He was once upon a time." I said quietly but I knew Ian had heard because his shoulders slumped a little bit. "Fancy telling me what happened between you all that Duncan has held a grudge against you for decades?"

Julian stumbled. "It's a long story." Catching himself on the stone wall, he bent double and wheezed.

"Ian?" I called.

"I'm coming." He stopped dead in front of me  and then turned on his heel and came to catch Julian under the shoulders forced him to keep going. 

"He needs to rest." I hurried after them because Ian was now almost jogging, dragging Julian along with him.

"He can rest when we are somewhere safe." He groaned as I set my feet further apart and prepared myself to argue. "We don't have time for this Cassie." Ian sounded bone weary. "I don't have time for you. We are coming to the lower levels and I don't want to waste time there." 

I blinked at him in surprise. Waste time there? That's what he had said. But why would I want to linger? Julian was here with us. Who else could be there?

I narrowed my eyes at Ian. "Who is down there?" I asked in a whisper.

He sighed heavily. "We can't stop Cassie." 

At my side my fingers curled into fists. "Who. Is . Down. There." I stressed each word.

"Cassie- there's nothing you can do for your dad." Julian groaned and I tensed. "You shouldn't even care. He made your life hell. Sold you over and over again. He was never the dad he should have been to you because you weren't his blood."

I took a threatening step towards him. My fists so tight that I knew I had cut into my palm with my fingernails. The pain didn't register though. 

"The same could be said for you King Julian." I ground out and he paled even more. How dare he say those things to me. He didn't have the right after what he had done to me as well.

"He isn't your real dad Cassie. So think before you go running off and trying to save him." Ian said evenly.

He could go to hell as well.

They both could.

"But I always thought he was." I was seething with anger. 

How dare they try and- a thought entered my head. One that made frown even more. "You've seen him haven't you?" I levelled my question at Ian. Who had the good graces to look guilty.

"Yes. It's not pretty Cassie. You don't want to see him like that." He was trying desperately to stop me going but that only made me want to see the man I had thought was my father more.

"Nothing I've seen since I've come here is pretty, Ian. Take me too him." I demanded.

"It's too late Cassie."

"He's dead?" I asked. And part of me broke. I hated my dad but he was still my dad and I had seen first hand how Duncan killed people who got in his way.

"He's not dead. But death is close to him." Julian shook his head. "The stench of it has been growing stronger and stronger by the second. Please don't risk yourself to try and save him."

"Julian is right. Your dad will never leave this dungeon. He will-"

Ian trailed off as I barged past him. Literally shouldering him out of the way. He was my dad, kind of anyway and I was a doctor. If I could help him, then I had to try.

Now that I knew what I was smelling it was easy to follow the trail down. 

He wasn't in the same cell as Julian had been. I didn't have to crawl on my hands and knees. I came to a stop at a grate in the wall. It was dusty but I knew from the outside it would be shiny brash. The smell was stronger here.

I froze and for a second I wanted to grab hold of my children and run away. It was a fleeting thought before I pressed my hands on either side of that ventilation grate and narrowed my eyes to stare through it.

The moment I saw him I wished I had listened to Ian and walked away. 

The man ahead of me was the only father I had ever known. He had never loved me but I had loved him. I had been desperate for his affection growing up. Part of me still wanted it. 

He was slumped in a velvet and gilded wood chair. I couldn't see any ropes or chains binding him but he wasn't trying to run away. The front of his white shirt was crusty with blood. A puddle of urine had pooled around his bare feet.

"Daddy." I mouthed his name. Clapping a hand over my mouth so I didn't make a sound.

"Cassie?" My father groaned softly. Almost like he had heard me. He lifted his head and stared in my direction  and I bit back a scream.

It was my father , but he couldn't see me. He wouldn't be able to see anything ever again.

There was nothing but two gaping black holes were his eyes used to be.
###chapter 123
Cassie

I wanted to cry, to scream and rant and rave but even though my mouth was open no sound came out.

I was screaming silently, the only sound was the ragged sound of my breathing as I hyperventilated.

The rest of his face was fine. Totally unscathed but those sightless gaping holes? They would haunt my dreams as much as anything else I had seen since I had given birth. 

He might not be my blood father but he had been the only dad I had ever known and he didn't deserve this. No one did.

"Come away Cassie." Ian's hand closed around my bicep and tried to pull me away but I stood my ground. I wouldn't let him pull me away. I needed to see this. I needed to see him. He had betrayed me and his king and I had to admit that he deserved this. Except no one deserved to die like this.

And to live like this was even worse.

My father had tried to usurp the true king, he had ordered the imprisonment and torture of my husband and tried to have me kidnapped an raped on several occasions. He would have had me killed if he got the chance. He probably still would. But I still couldn't sit here and watch him suffer. 

He had gambled and lost. He had put his trust in a man who turned on him. It had a kind of poetic justice.

But it still made me sick. I was full of sympathy for him. My father had always been weak. He always had been.

"Cassie." The ruined man turned his head every which way. He could clearly hear us but didn't know we were hidden in the walls. He thought we were in the room with him.

"Cassie help me." He moaned. "I am your father." His voice was a weak whisper but it was growing louder. If there were guards outside his rooms then they would hear and we would be found out.

"Please."

My hands scraped against the wood. I couldn't just leave him like that. No matter what he had done. I couldn't leave another human being suffering that way. I wouldn't even leave an animal. 

"Come on child. I am your father and you owe me-"

I stopped listening. Tensing I drew myself up to my full height with a frown.

I owed him?

"Cassie?" Julian warned. "You can't help him." 

"I know." Leaning close to the grate I placed my hands flat on the wall and put my lips to it. If he had said anything else I would have tried to help him, at the very least I would have eased his passing but to tell me I owed him something? After everything he had put me through? 

He could rot in hell now.

"Can you hear me papa?" I whispered and I knew he could because I saw him tense. He nodded his head. 

"You're going to die in that room." I hissed. "You will die and you won't even see it coming." A tear slid down my cheek. 

Goddess I hated that I was crying. Hated that I had almost helped him when he deserved everything that was happening to him. Ian and Julian were right, I had to think about my children. About my husband and our future. 

"Help me." He wailed and the sound of it pierced me like a knife. 

I stepped back. Dropping my hands to my sides. "Rot in hell."

I took a deep breath and a wave of relief flowed through me. My relief was short lived though. Opening his mouth wide my father screamed. "She's here, Cassie is here."

There was a moment were we all froze and then Ian pushed me in front of me. Almost causing me to stumble and fall down. Strapped to my back Noah let out a high pitched wail.

"Run." Ian yelled, as he heaved Ian into his side. "Run and don't look back."

From the other side of the wall I heard my fathers door open and the sound of running booted feet and then I was running as well.

At my back my babies cried and there was nothing I could do to sooth them. They were crying because I had just put us all in unbelievable danger.

"Which way?" I called back over my shoulder. Only There was nothing there. Just darkness. The secret passageway was empty behind me. "Julian?"

My stomach lurched and flipped over. Had they fallen behind or had they been caught? I had run blindly and without knowing where I was going , so maybe I had taken a wrong turn and-

A light appeared ahead of me. A flicker of a tiny flame and my heart took root in my throat. Every part of me was telling me to run towards that light but a small part of me wanted to run away.

I didn't know who was coming towards me. I couldn't see and I couldn't scent them.  And I was alone. Just me and the babies alone against an unseen assailant. 

I looked around wildly. There was no where to hide.  No where for me to even hide my babies so I could fight. I would have to do battle with them strapped to my back.

And if I fell then they would die down here.

"Julian?" I whispered again. Where was he? Where was my mate and where was Ian my protector. They couldn't have just vanished.

Except that's exactly what they had done. 

I was utterly alone and no one was going to pop out to save me.

"Sssh." I whispered to Noah and Niall. "It's going to be ok." I lied. There was nothing more I wanted than to cradle them in my arms and just stop fighting but I couldn't do that.

Pulling the knife that had tortured my husband from its sheath I waited as the light came closer and closer.

Behind me and to the side the sound of trumpets sounded distantly.  And I turned to the wall that separated me from outside with a frown. 

"What the hell is happening-"

"Lycans." A soft familiar voice said from twenty feet in front of me and I whirled around in shock.

"Scarlette?"
 ###chapter 124
Cassie

I stared at her with my mouth open. And for a second I couldn't believe she was right there in front of me.  She seemed like an illusion because for the life of me I couldn't work out how she was here. 

Like how?

"How-what?" I stuttered and for a second she smiled. I couldn't even be sure she was real and not some figment of my scared imagination. "Are you even real?" I whispered.

To answer she reached out and pinched the skin on my forearm. "Oww." I howled. "That hurt." Keeping my eyes on her I rubbed at the offending spot.

"Ssh." Her eyes widened as she looked over my shoulder to the dark secret corridor behind me. "Follow me Cassie. Quickly and quietly. Let's get you out all out of here." 

I wanted that more that anything but something in me balked. Twisting I looked back over my shoulder. "But Julian and Ian." I shivered suddenly freezing cold. "We got seperated somehow. I don't know how. They were right behind me. I thought I had taken a wrong turn but if you are here then-" I trailed off.

"You didn't. And you cant worry about them right now Cassie. Both of them are strong powerful alphas. They can find there own way out. But we don't have time for this. I have a car waiting but we need to move now."

I didn't move.

"Move Cassie, otherwise you and those babies on your back will die in here. Is that what you want?" Her voice was rough.

"No it's not what I want. I'll come." I sighed heavily. Really I had no choice. I had to go. Scarlett was right about the alternative. Just like she was right about Julian and Ian. They would find their own way out. They had to. Following after her silently I screwed my face up and fought back the urge to cry and scream. I had always prided myself on being strong but the things I had seen and gone through over the last few weeks had been more than I could bear.  I wanted to break down now. I needed to but I knew I had to be strong just a little while longer.

Shuddering in the sudden cold air I peered over her shoulder. The breeze was fresh and it felt amazing on my skin. We were close to outside now.

"What are you doing here Scarlett?" I hurried after her. "Why are you helping me?"

"Because we are friends." She sped up and I had to speed up to keep up with her. She seemed to be on a schedule I knew nothing about. 

"But you are risking your life and your pack for me? If Duncan finds you." I trailed off as we stepped out of what looked like a cave mouth in the copse of trees. The cold night air blew across my face and I lifted my face and closed my eyes. 

It felt so good. So fresh and clean-  no. Not clean. My eyes snapped open and I looked around. The air felt good on my face that was for sure but it didn't smell fresh. It smelt like death and decay.

"Scarlett." I hissed , wrapping my arms around myself. I had begged for weeks to be let out of those rooms and passageways and now I was free I wanted to be back in them. They were safe. Out here stank of death. We were not safe here. 

"Just leave it Cassie. Right now please just leave it." Scarlett's voice was ragged with sudden emotion. I watched as she hunched over on herself. She seemed to shrink. 

"We don't have much time. I've got us a lift but it leaves in five minutes." She peered at me from beneath her lashes. "Can you run?"

I wanted to shake my head and tell her no but I knew I didn't really have a choice. This was about survival. So if I needed to sprint then I would.  I nodded. "I wish you would tell me what's happened-"

"Let's worry about that later. Let's get you and those babies somewhere safe and warm. I'm guessing you could do with a bath." She wrinkled her nose. "You smell like you could use a bath." She giggle and began to move forward. Running fast but not too fast and keeping low she kept in the tree line. Racing after her, I was out of breath is seconds. My lungs burnt with exertion but I didn't slow. 

Once I was somewhere safe then I would have to work on my fitness again. 

Over the sound of my heart pounding in my ears I heard something new. A rumble of an engine. "Scarlett." I called to her urgently. My body shook and it was mostly from fear.

Where we about to be caught? Right now? When we had been so close to escaping. So close that I could smell it. 

Scarlett turned to me with a small smile. "That's our ride." She beamed at me. "Stay behind me whilst I talk to the driver though, ok?"

I nodded, staying in the shadows as she stepped into the road and right into the path of the truck that was barreling down the road towards her at what looked like full speed.

Scarlett didn't even flinch as the breaks slammed on and it came to a stop with just inches to spare. She moved around it to chat to the driver. Their voices whispers so I couldn't hear what they were saying. 

"Come on." Scarlett motioned me forward as the driver jumped down from the cab. "I was hoping it would be a food truck but afraid not." Scarlett shrugged. "Should be pretty comfortable though." She lead the way to the back of the truck and swung open the door. I peered inside and my frown turned into a small smile.

The back was full of washing. Dirty laundry clearly but I couldn't judge and it all smelt a damn sight better than I did. I could even see some blankets. It was all piled up like a giant nest that I could just snuggle into and close my eyes. 

"I can't thank you enough Scarlett." I whispered. 

Her usually friendly eyes turned almost angry. "I'm not doing this for you Cassie. Not really." She turned and looked back at the wall that was barely visible in the distance. 

Squinting I frowned. The outer wall looked wrong. There were lumps on it that shouldn't have been there because the palace garden walls were smooth. I knew it was smooth. So what-?

Vomit rushed up my throat. "Scarlett?"

She shook her head and turned away. Her eyes glistening with tears. "Don't Cassie." She hissed as she scrambled up and reached down to help me. I gave the wall one last look and climbed up beside her.

I knew why Scarlett had risked her life to help me a second time. She wanted revenge on the man who had put her mate on that wall of death.

And I was the best chance she had for revenge.
###chapter 125
Julian 

The commotion coming from behind the walls of the dark corridor we were in was almost deafening. It drowned out the sound of our rapid breathing. Even my heart beat seemed quiet for the first time since we had lost sight of Cassie.

There was nothing but the loud sound of voices and the crash of doors as they were flung open. 

"What's going on?" I mouthed to Ian because it sounded like a mother fucking invasion. 

"I don't know." He admitted. "But I'm going to guess that someone important arrived. Listen." He cocked his head to the side and I did the same. Listening intently and there it was. The distant sound of pounding feet. The guards running towards the intruders. The metallic clang as weapons were drawn and then even more raised yelling voices.

"Not welcome guests then." He mused and I had to agree with him. "We should probably check it out."

I nodded because that was a good idea. Running blindly around looking for Cassie was pointless. Goddess knows where she had gone to. And we needed information. Intel was priceless right now. 

"Yeah." I murmured and paused. "Cassie and the boys?" I looked around wildly like I expected them to materialise out of thin musty air. "We can't just leave them to fend for themselves not after her father outed her. If she is found."

"She won't be." Ian said. "Cassie will have found her way out. She's stronger than you give her credit for. I'm pretty sure it was us that got turnt around and anyway." He began to walk in the opposite direction. "Plus they will take who it is to the great hall and we aren't far from there. If Cassie is caught she will be taken there as well. Either way we will be back on our way in five minutes. No longer." 

I stared at his retreating back and then with a sigh followed after him. He had a good point and I knew Cassie could look after herself. It was me that needed someone to hold me up. I was healing and growing stronger but I was still weak. And the walls on either side were the only things that kept me on my feet as I hurried after Ian.

"Well shit." His face pressed against another grate. This one wooden and intricately carved Ian swore.

Pressing into his side I peered through into the great hall. A Dias had been erected on the stage , one with a throne like chair in the centre of it. Duncan sat sprawled across his. His legs kicked up over the arm.

He wasn't even pretending who was in charge anymore.

"I am here to see the queen ." The wide double doors were flung open and a man appeared. A giant of a man , with muscles so big that his blue shirt barely contained them. The seams threatened to pop at any second. Dark wavy hair brushed his shoulders and his eye were black pits.

"Lycan." I hissed and I felt rather than saw Ian nod. 

Five others stepped into the room behind him. His guards although I guessed he didn't need any. He looked as big as a mountain. Unlike my own guards , these were both men and women. 

The wolves that had assembled fidgeted nervously. And they had every right to be nervous. I had no doubt that these six could murder every single one of them without even breaking a sweat. Lycans was secretive. But their legends were told like ghost stories to keep unruly pups in line. 

"You dare invade our home and-" drawing himself upwards Duncan clicked his fingers. "Kill them." He ordered the guards , who all rushed forward only to stop dead like they had run into an invisible wall. It was only then that I realised that the final of a man had held up an arm.

Magic? He had magic? Or some kind of alpha power that I had never heard of.

"I will ask an easier question." Another step into the room and his power flowed with him. Forcing my packs heads to drop low. No one wanted to stare at him. 

"Where is my daughter?" The giant Lycan bellowed. His voice rumbling with rage and the whole hall went quiet as Duncan stared at the huge man and paled and who could blame him. As wolves we were strong but the Lycan in front of us was stronger than any of us. The power rolling from him was enough to make all the hairs stand up on the back of my neck. I rubbed at the goosebumps on my arms as that power washed over me. He wasn't just any Lycan, his power felt different. It felt like true magic. Somewhere in his family was a witch. 

"Daughter?" Duncan seemed to shake himself as he pulled himself up to his full height and tried to stare the giant stranger down. It didn't work. It was like a toddler begging defiant in front of an angry parent. 

Pointless.

The man looked around, the muscles under his fitted shirt rippling like waves. He was getting angrier and angrier. I had never seen a Lycan shift before and I knew it was different to our own. His animal was different, I wasn't even sure animal was the right word for it because I had never seen one with my own eyes before but I had a feeling that I soon would. The stranger and his small entourage were barely containing their rage. 

I smiled as we peered through the vent. Maybe if I was lucky I would get to watch him rip Duncan apart? I would have liked to have done it myself but I didn't really care how he died, as long as he was dead.

"Yes." The word was drawn out. Menacingly quiet. "My daughter, the true queen." His eye met Duncan's and the pretender paled even more. His face turned ash grey. "Cassie?"

I turned to Ian in shock and his eyes mirrored my surprise. "Cassie is his daughter?" I mouthed silently.
###chapter 126
Cassie

I had been wrong. It wasn't comfortable in the back of the truck. It wasn't comfortable at all. It didn't matter how many blankets and bunched up shirts i tried to pad around me I felt every bump and rattle of the dirt unpaved track we were clearly on.  Even back on the main road it had been uncomfortable but now it was pure agony. I felt every bump in my backside and between my legs. And it was torture. I had thought I had healed from giving birth but this ride was proving to me otherwise. 

I was just one big ball of ache. Shifting my position slightly I tried not to jostle the babies still asleep on my back. It would have been easier to unstrap them and have them in my arms so I could at least lean back but there was risks in that. 

If we were attacked before we got to where ever Scarlett was taking me, I would need my hands free to fight. I couldn't fight holding two babies , I couldn't even run.

"You are safe, I promise you. Why don't you let me hold them so you can rest." Scarlett's voice was soft. "Two little miracles. What are their names? I didn't want to ask if they were boys or girls and their clothes are neutral so-"

She shrugged with a small laugh. "No clues there."

I frowned. She was asking so many questions. Too many. And it made me instantly suspicious. Just why was she asking so many questions and all of them about my children. Who happened to be heirs to the throne.  And why wouldn't she answer me when I asked her where she was taking me.

My eyebrows pinched together as I stared at her intently. I had trusted her because I had thought she was my friend. She had helped me before and then helped me escape in the grand hall. That had cost her her mate because I knew I had seen his lifeless body swinging. Did she blame me for that? Was this her way of getting revenge on me? 

I wanted to trust her but- "where are we doing a Scarlett?" I hissed. "Why are you helping me?"

Her face twisted. "Because I want that asshole Duncan to die. I want to see him screaming in pain. And I think you want the same. We have lost people. We have both lost people we loved." For a moment she looked away. "I don't blame you for my mates death. It happened weeks ago. He was one of the first to be taken. They didn't torture him they just killed him. He was trying to free the true king. Anyone who is loyal to Julian is a traitor."

"But Duncan-" I racked my brain and tried to remember if Duncan had mentioned her mate in the hall when she lifted her hand. But for the life of me I couldn't. 

"He's killed so many that I don't think he remembers their faces let alone their names. I am and will always be loyal to my king and to you." She nodded her head slightly. "My queen."

I shuddered. "Goddess don't call me that." My face softened. "I am sorry about your mate."

She smiled sadly. "And I'm sorry about yours as well."

It was my turn to look away quickly. "Julian was still alive last time I saw him. So I have to hope him and Ian got out somehow." 

"I'm sure they did. The Lycans turning up should have given them a much needed distraction." She smiled but it wasn't really a happy smile. It wasn't sad either. It just looked like she was going through the motions. 

"I wish you had told me who you were when we first met Cassie." She admonished. "You did not even hint that Julian was your mate, although it was pretty clear he was infatuated with you even then. All that spite." She shook her head. "It almost looked like hate and lust mixed up together."

"That's exactly what it was- is-" I amended. "Julian is my mate , goddess given and all that but," I trailed off and closed my eyes for a second. Trying to gather my thoughts. "He did hate me in the beginning. He would fuck me but he didn't care about me." Opening my eyes I found her staring at me sadly. 

"I am sure that's not true-"

"It is." I said quickly. "He recognises me for what I am to him and I recognise him but." I shrugged.

"You don't love him?"

"I don't know if I do or not. I couldn't leave him to die. I couldn't do that. And I want to be around him but he cast me away for a woman who used him. He gave her everything I wanted. He didn't see me for the woman he could love. He saw her." My chest shook. "I don't know what's going to happen between us. We are married and we have children together."

"But you don't trust him?" She asked.

"No I don't trust him. And love isn't enough anymore." Bringing my knees up I rested my head on them. "I have to think about the boys now. I have to keep them safe and away from all of this mess."

"Boys?" Scarlett squealed. "You had two boys?"

My smile was indulgent. "Niall and Noah."

She nodded her head. "Thank you for trusting me with their names. And with their safety. I will trust you as well." Leaning forward she took a deep breath. "I'm taking you back to my pack."

"Is that safe, what if Duncan?"

"Oh you won't be living with the rest of us. So Duncan's minions can snoop all they want. They won't ever find you." She grinned in triumph.  "I mean you will be safe and have everything you need but you will be in hiding. At least until we can find somewhere safer for you all."

"Where?"

"Royal hunters lodge." She smiled sadly. "It's not a shack , you will be very comfortable and able to go outside and that. My mate built it for us with his own hands. It was our special place." Sadness filled her voice for a second.

"What if Duncan finds out you helped me Scarlett? I can't ask you for anymore help than you have already given me. If he comes for your people"

Her eyes flashed angrily. "Let him come. We will fight him if he does. To keep you safe we will fight him to the death."
###chapter 127
Cassie

The hunters lodge she spoke about was more like a medium sized home. Two stories with a wrap around porch and flowers in neatly tended flower beds to the front. 

Climbing gingerly from the back of the truck I groaned as my muscles moved for the first time in hours and protested loudly. My knees cracked and ached in a way that made me feel ashamed. I was a wolf, I should be stronger that I was.

"Scarlett." I gazed up at the windows that were glowing with light. It was such a welcoming view. Much like the house Ian had given us. Another place I could be happy to live in for the rest of my days. It felt peaceful here. Somewhere I could-

I shook the thought away. It would be good to rest for a little while but I knew myself. I knew that one day, and probably sooner than I wanted I would want to work again. I would want to be useful.

I would want to practice medicine again. Even if it meant being a doctor in a small surgery. Or healing Scarlett's pack.

I would never be satisfied by just sitting still. 

Still it would be the perfect place to hide for a few days or even weeks. I could heal here and more importantly the boys could thrive. They were so quiet. And although that had been a blessing I knew it wasn't exactly natural for newborns to never cry at all. 

It was weird because I kind of wanted to hear them cry a little. I wanted a bad night where I had to stay up all night and rock and sing to them.

I wanted us to be a normal family for a little while.

"I know it's not much but it's furnished and stocked and no one will come up this high this late in the season. There's no hunting to be had this high in the mountains."

Reaching for my hand she entwined our fingers. "There's clean clothes for you. I took a guess at your size." She winked. "And things for the babies as well. Although the clothes might be a bit big. They will grow into them and there's nappies and bottles and everything I thought you might need." Her smile was sad again and I didn't know why. Maybe it was just being here in the place her mate bullt. "There's only one crib though."

"If someone saw you buy these things Scarlett." I began to say as she pulled me up the steps behind her. Behind us the truck rumbled back to life and I heard it pull away.

"The driver?" I asked.

She barely hesitated. "He's family. A step brother but a brother none the less. He can be trusted. I promise you. No one knows his links to me or my pack. Only me and him and that's the way it has to be. I would tell you his name but I can't. It's safer for all of us that way."

I nodded. "If you say I can trust him then I do. But buying the baby things was foolish. It's dangerous-"

Opening the door she pulled me through. "I didn't buy the baby things Cassie. They were already here."

I stared at her back and dropped her hand. "You had a child?"

Her shoulders sagged. "Once a few years ago I was pregnant. But-"

"Your baby died?" I hated to ask because I could see it was causing her pain.

"My baby was never born. Everything is brand new and please don't feel bad for me. I am glad I kept it because now you can use it." She turned to me with a smile that didn't reach her eyes. "I want it to be used."

"Scarlett I am so sorry." Opening my mouth I snapped it shut again. I had been about to tell her that she could have babies in the future but that was just cruel and unnecessary. Her baby had died in her body and her mate was dead. She might find another mate but it wouldn't be anytime soon. 

"I am ok Cassie. I promise you. I am ok. Keeping busy helps. Why don't you head on up stairs. The first door on the right is the room I've prepared for you all. Why not -"

She shrugged. "Well go and explore. This is your home now ."

"What will you do?"

"I was going to make a pot of tea." She admitted with a smile. "I think we could both do with one."

"Tea? Hot tea?" Nothing had ever sounded better. I couldn't even remember the last time I'd had a cup. "Yes please."

"And something to eat. Go and clean up. And I'll make us something so we can chat."

Nodding my thanks, I curled my hand around the carved wooden barrier and trudged up the stairs. Each step felt like I was climbing a mountain but I didn't stop.

Everything about this place was rustic and charming and - flinging open the door I stared at the room Scarlett had said was mine.

A wide wooden bed covered in a thick red quilt. An animal pelt was on one corner. The fur was shining. There was a mound of pillows that looked like heaven to sink into. The furniture was all deep heavy wooden tones. Old or carved by hand or both. None of it matched but somehow it all went together. There was only modern thing in the room and that was the mobile hanging over the carved rocking crib.

I went to it. My filthy boots sinking into the numerous rugs.  I knew I would be leaving mud and god knows what else on them but I couldn't bring myself to care. I would clean up later. 

"Well." My hands closed around the crib and I felt tears spring into my eyes as I saw that Scarlett had left two tiny white baby-Grows on the cot mattress. They were so pristine white. So-

I sobbed. She really had thought of everything. There were even nappy's. I had spotted a pack by the door. 

I had everything I needed to raise my sons properly now. Warmth and clean clothes and real food to help nourish my body so I could feed them. It should have made me feel happy but I just felt the emptiness inside me grow until I felt hollow.

"Well boys." I sobbed into my clenched fist. "I guess this is home now."
###chapter 128
Cassie

An hour later I made my way down stairs on clean bare feet and the feel of the woven rugs under my toes was amazing. I found Scarlett in the second room I looked into. Curled up on a plush leather sofa with her feet curled up under a patchwork quilt and a steaming cup of tea in her hand. Hovering in the door way I stared at her. She looked perfectly at home in this place. Like she had done this a million times before. There was something that looked like contentment on her face, almost like all of her sadness went away when she was here. In the place her dead mate built for her with her dead baby's things upstairs. It didn't make sense to me but then again it didn't need to. I couldn't see or feel their ghosts. Not like she clearly could.

Here she could feel close to them and I didn't want to interrupt her. 

"All clean?" She asked, finally lifting her head.

"Yeah." I wiggled my toes in the rug and sighed. I was clean-er but not spotless. It would take days of bathing to be fully scrubbed clean from the last few weeks and mentally? Mentally I don't think I would ever be clean.

"Come and sit with me. I thought you might have fallen asleep so I haven't made a fresh pot." She motioned to the low wooden table between the sofa and the two leather chairs that faced her. There was a flowery white and green teapot sat in the middle of a tray. Along with a few sandwiches.

It was nothing elaborate , simple bread and ham but my stomach rumbled like it had just smelt the most delicious Michelin star restaurant food. 

"Sit down, pull over a blanket and relax."

Gratefully I sank down. The room that had been my home for the last few week had been bigger than this and the furnishing had been more luxurious but that had been a prison. This felt light and airy. Probably thanks to the window that she had opened slightly to let the cold night air in.

It felt good to have actual cool clean air on my face even though it made me shiver. I pulled another patchwork quilt over me and went back to staring at the sandwhiches. The bread looks fresh, the butter creamy and the sliced ham? My mouth watered and my belly rumbled loudly making me blush.

"Help yourself."

My eyes flicked up to Scarlett. "Are you sure?"

"Yes Cassie I'm sure. There's more food in the kitchen and you are welcome to that as well. When was the last time you had fresh bread and -"

Tears welled up in my eyes. "Cathy used to bring us bread , that's what got her killed." I sobbed.

"That's not what killed Cathy. You are not to blame and neither is she. You have to remember who the enemy is. Now eat up. And when you are full we can talk properly and make a plan."

Reaching down I piled a small china plate with several sandwiches. They were all the same and after the first nibble I wolfed them down so quickly that it felt like a ball of bread had formed in my throat. Not that I cared. The food was everything I needed and more. This whole place was.

Scarlett was my angel. But then I'd had a few of those recently and all of them had died horribly. I didn't want that to happen to Scarlett as well. I couldn't go through it again.

"So." She lifted her eyebrow in amusement as I demolished the last sandwich with a small burp.  "Ready to talk an figure things out?"

"Yes." I said instantly.

"We don't have to discuss things now. If you are too tired." She let her eyes travel across my face and I knew from the bathroom mirror that I looked like death. "Our enemies will still be enemies tomorrow, and you look like you need to sleep for a week."

"I could but I don't have that much time. Tonight I'll sleep and tomorrow we will begin fighting back. But for that to happen we need a plan."

Scarlett stared at me like she was seeing me for the first time. "Have you always been this strong?"

I shrugged. "My life hasn't exactly been easy. I mean I - well my father." Pain ripped through my chest. He didn't deserve for me to grieve for him but I did anyway. "I guess I've always been self sufficient. I get things done."

Scarlett nodded her head thoughtfully. "I can see that but you do realise that even with a plan we can't go marching off to war. Hell you have two new borns to care for and."

"I think tonight we just need to figure out who is our friend and who is our enemy. " I admitted with a rueful smile. "And try and figure out where Julian and Ian have got to."

"Well your father and Duncan are the enemy."

My head snapped away. "Just Duncan now, my father is dead."

"I'm sorry."

"He wasn't blood. But he is gone. Our enemy is Duncan."

"Well that's bad enough for sure. What about the Lycans? They were arriving when we were escaping. Do you know if they are friends or foes."

I shrugged as I sipped my tea. "I have no idea I've never met a Lycan before. I didn't even know there were some in this country. But goddess help us if they are enemies because if the stories are true-" trailing off I shuddered. "I may know some non wolf shifters who will help us but I don't want to send word until I speak to someone."

"And I know a few rogues." Catching my look she grinned. "You are not the only one whose father was a loser. Mine fathered almost twenty pups who weren't with his wife. But I am close to my extended family now. They can be trusted."

"Ok good." I chewed my lips . "Oh."

"Oh?" Scarlett's eyebrows shot into her hairline. "What do you mean Oh?"

I didn't know how I had forgotten him. I hadn't even thought of him once but he was my friend and I knew we could trust him. I'd been trusting him for years. 

"Forrest." I mumbled.

"Forrest?" Scarlett parroted back. "I haven't seen or heard of him in months."

My heart sank into my stomach. Where the fuck was Forrest?
###chapter 129
Julian

Ian's eyes went wide and I knew he had heard what the Lycan had said as well and I knew he had seen me mouth the words but he didn't say anything, instead he pressed his finger to his lips to silence me and went back to staring through the grate. I followed suit because I needed to know more.

Cassie was a Lycan, at least half of one and the daughter of their leader? It didn't make sense to me. But I knew what I'd heard. 

Pain ripped through my torso and I let out a hiss. Instantly in the great hall the Lycans eyes found mine through the grate. All of them looked , locked eyes on me and then looked away. They knew I was there. 

What must they think of me? I was the king and I was hiding away in the walls like some rat. Would they think I was a coward? Hell was I a coward? I actually didn't know anymore. The only thing I knew for sure was that I wanted to find Cassie and the boys and take them far far away from here. To a place they would be safe. That's all that mattered to me.

"You didn't answer my question Duncan." The long haired barbarian looking man didn't look in my direction and again turned his gaze on Duncan.

"I never gave you my name." Duncan tried to gather his wits about him. "And I don't know yours."

In answer the Lycan threw back his head and laughed. A great booming sound that rattled the high windows. It sounded like a hurricane rushing through the room.

"You don't know me Duncan, but I know you. I know your father and mother were murderers and traitors and were put down like the dogs they were when they tried to kill the young prince-" thick eyebrows lifted slightly. Giving him a slightly surprised look.  "But then you know that, don't you?" His lip curled as he studied the much smaller man. "The apple does not fall far from the tree, does it?"

Under the weight of the bigger man's gaze Duncan bristled. "I was julian's friend."

More laughter filled the halls and it wasn't just from the Lycans. "Was. You WAS his friend. But now?" He shook his shaggy head. "Now you are a traitor. Sitting on his throne. Keeping his mate , my daughter a prisoner.  That is not the act of a friend."

"You're wrong." Duncan said quickly and even from my hiding spot I could almost see his brain trying to work out a story that would fool a king. "I took out the traitor king. I killed him and I have been looking for Julian and Cassie ever since but you are right." His eyes sparkled. "I do have his mate."

"What?" The Lycan roared.

"His mate isn't your daughter , his mate is a lovely woman named Megan. She is carrying his child and heir and I have taken it upon myself to b their protectors until the king is back. I am a friend of the Kings."

A silence fell. A silence so thick that you could cut it with a knife. "Cassie is his wife."

"Yea but Megan is his mate. She is carrying his heirs." 

Ian shot me a look that I didn't return. How could I explain to him when I wasn't sure what had happened myself. I was a king and I was meant to be powerful. And yet a weak wolf like Megan had made me into a joke. She had lied once about being pregnant, no doubt using Cassies results but I had no doubt that she was pregnant now. She had trapped me, drugged me and extracted my seed to use. I was the father of her baby and I hadn't even touched her.

"Can I see and talk to this Megan." The Lycan kings voice had turned into a low whisper.

"Of course." Duncan nodded his head in a show of servitude that I didn't believe for one second. Both me and Ian knew what Duncan was capable of. What he had always been capable of. Most of what his parents had been condemned for had been his handy working . They had died trying to protect him and he hadn't shed one tear.  "Bring the lady Megan to us." He directed no one an everyone at the same time.

Megan herself appeared a few minutes later. Demurely walking on bare feet , her dress floating around her body like a shroud.  Her face was a mixture of panic and defiance. But it quickly changed to panic when she saw the Lycans. Dropping to a curtesy she stared down at her feet. "It's a pleasure to - oh-" she gasped as a giant hand settled over her stomach. Wildly she looked around.

The Lycans lips curled upwards and he stepped back. A look of complete and utter disgust on his face. "You are with child and you say it is Julian's?" He asked angrily.

"Yes. I lost our first in a car crash. I treasure this one in the hopes my love comes back to me."

"I hope you are able to." His eyes raked over Duncan and his lips turned downward in a sneer. "I would suggest choosing your protectors more carefully though." He took a deep breath. "But this does change things. Under Lycan lore a marriage without young is not official. Megan is King Julian's mate and luna."

My heart sank.

"But the Lycans will not forget your kings disrespect to our people. When he took another to his bed and shared his seed with her he went against his vows to the goddess and to my daughter.  Such disrespects will not be forgotten." Turning in a circle, he spread his arms wide. "But if something happens to my daughter." His voice grew lower. "If something happens to my daughter, then I will hold every single member of this species personally responsible. Everyone who calls this place home will pay for her pain." He smiled. "I am Caspian, king of the Lycans and I have spoken."

I stumbled back from the grate. "What the hell just happened?" I asked Ian.

"I think." He stuttered. "I think the Lycans just threatened war on us."
###chapter 130
Megan 

"What the hell was that all about?" The moment Duncan stepped into my room I was on my feet and rushing towards him. My hands pounding at his chest like a wild thing as tears fell from my cheeks. "What are you playing at." I screamed.

He caught my wrists easily, laughing low in his throat and twisted my arms behind my back. 

"Ow get off of me." I struggled even though I knew struggling was pointless. He had always been stronger than me. Both emotionally and physically. 

"I'm not hurting you queen megan." Duncan's hot breath flowed across the back of his neck as he brought his lips to my collarbone and sucked hard. "Oh." He nipped hard enough for me to cry out. "I probably shouldn't have done that , should I?" He span me around and I would have fallen if he hadn't of grabbed my arm and started to sway. "You will just have to cover up for a few days until the marks fade, oh this is brilliant."

I let myself be waltzed around. And part of me even enjoyed it. I had never seen Duncan so happy. I sure as hell didn't understand it.

"I don't know why you would think so, Caspian is going to take a leaf out of your book and skin us alive." I grumbled. "Do you think he knows." A wave of dread hollowed out my stomach.

Duncan paused , frowning down on me. "Why should I care Megan. You are going to be queen. Everything is working out even better than I could have planned it. The Lycans turning up was a stroke of luck for us."

Walking away from him I took a seat on the bed and stared down at my hands. "I don't know how you worked that out Duncan. There is no way they will let me rule. Not without Julian." I huffed. "And Julian will not take me as his queen. He loves Cassie."

Duncan's eyes narrowed into slits. "You will be queen. You heard that piece of filth. His union to Cassie is now void. He wants that wayward know it all doctor and once we hand her over then he will leave us alone. You're carrying a royal prince Julian will have no choice but to accept you and then we rule-"

"We?"

"Yes we,  Julian will need a beta , a strong hand to guide him. I am that man. Between the two of us, we will steer him into being the greatest king our kind have ever known. He will be the front , and we will hold all the power. "

I shrank back from the light in his eyes.  They danced with it. With the promise of ruling when it wasn't his destiny to rule. Not that Duncan cared much for destiny. He made his own way.

"You said you and Julian were friends once?" I asked timidly. 

He shrugged. "We were until he was no longer useful. I only keep the best by my side. I am destined for great things. Things that will go down in history."

I curled in about myself. For years I had been his and he had been mine but not mates. He used me, and I let him but I knew deep down now that I was in serious trouble. If I failed him, displeased him in anyway than Duncan would cast me aside. He wouldn't even hesitate in throwing blame my way and watching me burn as a traitor.

Hidden at my side my fingers curled into fists. He would use me up and drop me in an instant and we both knew it. But I couldn't see a way out now. If I did what he commanded then I would be queen and if I didn't , if I went for help then I would die,

Not that there was anyone to help me.

I was alone and I was trapped.

There was no way out for me, I had to see this though.

Sighing I laid down and Duncan's eyes followed the movement hungrily. 

I curled in on myself. Shaking my head in answer to his unasked question. 

Duncan's eyebrows shot up in shock. "No?" He prowled towards me. All lethal force , it would have been sexy if it wasn't literally lethal force. Telling Duncan no was dangerous. Really really dangerous and if I wasn't in the family way I had no doubt that Duncan would take what he needed from my body and then snap my neck. He might even use me after my body had become cold. There was nothing I would put passed him.

Never in a million years did I think I would ever say no to him so I'd never thought about the dangers of loving him. Now I could think of nothing but.

"Let me change your mind." He caught hold of one ankle and dragged me down the bed towards him. "We can celebrate our victory."

"I would love nothing more. But my stomach feels heavy today and-" I left the rest unsaid. 

"Don't you dare loose that baby Megan." His fingers squeezed my ankle into the bone crunched. "You're useless to me if you do, Megan." He warned.

"I won't. I promise." That was a promise I planned on keeping. I didn't want a child. I never had but I would treasure this baby its whole life as long as it lived and kept me alive. Because without it I was a dead woman.

"I will leave you to rest tonight then my love." Bending down he brushed his lips against my hair. "Sleep and rest my queen. I will find my pleasure elsewhere tonight." He swept away , the door shutting softly behind him.

Silence wrapped around me. He would find his release tonight, some poor serving girl would find themselves at his mercy. I almost felt sorry for them because he was never gentle with the help. He left them broken, damaged souls that welcomed death. Sometimes he granted them that.

But I couldn't feel sorry for them, I had to think of myself. I had to think of a way out of this. At the moment I was safe, the heir growing in my belly kept me that way but as soon as it was born he would find a way to end my life. 

And it wasn't like Julian cared enough to protect me, he couldn't even protect his own true mate.

I was well and truly on my own.

And I was screwed.
###chapter 131
Julian

Every muscle in my body ached, every bone felt like it was being snapped anew but that was absolutely nothing compared to the pain in my chest. I would have put it down to the stab wound , which was now just a faint shiny scar but I knew differently.

My heart missed Cassie.

"She's gone." I muttered under my breath as I shuffled next to Ian. My arm flung around his shoulder was the only thing that kept me on my feet. Without him I would have fallen. He was my crutch. Deep down I knew he had been my crutch for years. 

There was nothing Ian wouldn't do for me, and for mine. I knew that now and I would never take him for granted again.

I stumbled in the dark because it was dark now. There was nothing but our enhanced vision to show us the way. And my vision was failing. 

Goddess I really was weak.

"She's gone." I clutched at my heart as the pain intensified. It was all most too much to bear. I had been tortured and broken and stabbed and sliced but this threatened to break me.

"I know." Ian's voice was sad. And the sadness in it broke me even more. 

"I can't feel her anymore." My feet drew to a stop and I panted. "You should go on without me. Go and make a life for yourself. Find a girl and settle down. I will only slow you down." Self loathing and self misery rushed through my body. It took away all my strength. I had nothing else to give. Nothing else to live for.

If Cassie was really gone then I would not live without her. I couldn't. I couldn't wake up every morning with the shame that I had failed her over and over again. 

Ian whirled on me, his fist lifting to strike me. I didn't even flinch.

"What the fuck happened to you Julian?" He growled. "You were never this fucking pathetic before. Never this weak."

I stared him down. I didn't expect Ian to understand. And if he wanted to get angry and punch me then I would take it. It wouldn't do any good but I would take it.

"You need to snap the fuck out of my Julian." Instead of hitting me his hands came down on my shoulder. "You need to be the man you used to be before all of this shit. You messed up." He took a deep breath. "A lot." He added. "But you can choose to make things better. You have a wife, a mate and two children to live for and a kingdom to win back. If you don't want to do it for yourself then fine but do it for them." He growled.

"Cassie is gone. I don't feel her anymore. And if she is gone then my boys are-" I couldn't even finish the sentence. Even thinking about it was painful.

"Oh fuck sake Julian. Use the gifts the goddess gave you. Cassie is gone but she's not dead."

I froze.

"She's gone. I can't feel her."

"She is gone. Out of this place. Somehow she escaped even without us and with two newborns strapped to her back. This emptiness your feeling isnt because she's dead it's because she's not close." He tapped my heart. "This would break if she was dead. You would feel her death. Now will you pull yourself together and fucking walk. I want to be far far away from this shit hole before dawn and I want food. Hot fucking food." Ian snarled and not waiting for me to reply he trudged off. Leaving me no choice but to stumble after him.

I knew he was right though, about everything. But then again he usually was

"Do you know." He carried on talking. "I've always hated this place. Always. Even as a kid. It felt like a museum or a fucking tomb." He chuckled mirthlessly. "I guess now it really is a tomb. When you take your place as king choose a better place to set up a palace."

"Like where?" I panted. "This is where generations of my family have lived."

"And look at the mess of your family. Choose somewhere better. Somewhere Cassie and the boys can thrive. And any other children you have." He side eyed me as I caught up with him finally. "That's going to be a problem and you know it. Especially with Cassies family. I honestly can't believe her mum and -" he shook himself, "wait does that mean under Lycan law Cassies mum is married to the Lycan king? I know someone who is going to be devastated at that." He shook his head. "But I guess I'll cross that bridge when all of this is sorted. Right now we just need to get out and find somewhere to lay low for a while." He paused at a fork in the passageway , his eyes shining in the darkness and then he turned his head towards one with a nod.

"It's that way. I can smell the rain."

I nodded. I could as well. For the first time in so long I could smell rain. Death was there as well but I was concentrating on the rain.

"We are almost out. I think we should shift now. We are faster as wolves and less easy to see."

"Do you really think she got out?"

"Yes Julian. If you got out of your own head you could smell her. She went this way. There's another scent that I don't know as well. All mixed up with hers."

My nostrils flared. 

"She had help?" I whispered.

"Yes I think so. I can't smell much fear at all. And if Cassie had help that means it another wolf that helpe her. There's several smaller packs around. We will run and check each of them. As wolves. Carefully."

"What about your need or hot food?" I asked.

"That can wait a few more days. This is more important," he took a step forward.

"Thank you for doing this for my family Ian." I began to say. 

He glanced at me for a few seconds. "I'm not doing this just for your family my friend. I'm doing it for my mate and child as well."

He shifted and took off at a jog. Leaving me staring after him with my mouth open? 

His mate and child? 

What?
###chapter 132
Cassie

Life went back to normal. And it threw me for a loop. I knew I shouldn't be as content as I was. I shouldn't be happy and able to sleep peacefully at night. Or as peacefully as two little boys who had found their voice could do. Not that I would ever moan about their midnight cries. I would never moan about the life Scarlett had given me.

But it wasn't real. I knew that as well. I could go about my daily routine, I could cook and clean and walk the garden and the nearby forest with my babies but it wouldn't last.

War was coming. 

And there was nothing I could do about that. It was quiet right now. No talk or rumours from the palace. No sight not sound from Julian or Ian. Not even a whisper that he had been caught.

Just peace.

But it wasn't right because it couldn't last. We were just holding our breath and waiting for something to happen and it would happen soon. I could feel it in the air.

Still I tried to enjoy the little bit of peace I was offered.

"What are you cooking?"

I glanced up from my bowl and smiled at Scarlett came walking through the back door. She headed straight to the twins , asleep in the bassinet she had brought for us to use downstairs. They filled it completely and soon would out grow it but I loved being able to have them close to me as I cooked. Which I did every day. It soothed my soul to do such a mundane thing even though I was rubbish at it. The only thing I could cook was Eggs royale. The one dish Cathy had taught me to cook.

"I see." Scarlett peered at me from beneath her lashes. Her smile wary. "Are you sure your not half bear with the amount of salmon you are eating?" She joked as I continued to whip the eggs.

"Almost positive but who knows. This is just the one thing I know I can cook." I continued doing what needed doing. 

"And you're not tired of it?" Slipping into one of the kiddies chairs 

"I'm starting to hate it." I admitted with a laugh. "But I was never a great cook. Never had a mum to teach me. Cathy taught me this and-" tears made my voice thick. I hated thinking about her and then I hated myself for not thinking about her. "Do you think he put her on the wall?" I asked in a whisper because that had been bothering me a lot since I had got here. 

Instantly Scarlett was on her feet and hugging me. "You can't think about it. When this is over , then we will give them the burial they deserve but until then you have to keep the sadness at bay. Have you been outside today."

"Every day." I admitted. "It's one of the only things that keeps me sane. Has there been any news?"

Her arms still around me she gave me a squeeze. "Not yet, there's a few whispers but they are coming from a million different sources and Julian and Ian can't be everywhere at once. I know you miss him."

"I miss him and Ian as well because he's my friend. And my mother. I wish I could send word to her because she is going to be out of her mind with worry and then there's Forrest. It feels like I am betraying them all by being here and living my life."

"I would not exactly call this living Cassie. Back when I first met you. When I saw you dance , back then you were living. You might of hated your life but you were living. Not that I expect you to dance now. I couldn't even if I tried but you do need to enjoy things in your life. You are allowed to do that."

I frowned. I enjoyed being here. I really did. I was content. But was content the same as happy? It felt like - with a sigh I left the food and wandered off to stand and look out the window. 

"It's beautiful here Scarlett and I never want to be ungrateful because you have done so much for us but-" I suxked in a deep breath. "I don't feel like I have a purpose. I need to have a purpose."

"Your babies are how old now?"

"Almost seven weeks I think. I don't even know really." I admitted.

"Back in the human world you wouldn't even be back to work yet. But I understand what you mean. You need a purpose then I will give you a purpose. But it's going to take some sacrifices on your part."

"What do you want me to do?" I asked eagerly. I didn't mind sacrifice. My life had been full of them. 

"I want you to come down and be our packs doctor."

"You want me to move down into the valley?" My heart thundered in my chest. It was the kind of job I had dreamt of since I'd given birth. A chance to do what I was good at and be a mum. But going down to where Scarlett's pack was dangerous. If people saw me, hell people would see me and a few would even recognise me.

Reading my thoughts on my face, she tapped me on the nose. "If you will allow I will watch the babies for you. And it would only be a few days a week. No long hours."

"People will recognise me."

"Of course they will. But my pack is loyal. It will be any one else that comes along that we have a problem and that's where the sacrifice comes in." She reached down down and picked up a strand of my long dark hair. "But this will have to go. We need to cut your hair."

I paled.

"But not tonight. Tonight you are going to eat something other than salmon and eggs. Like a steak. How does that sound?"

It sounded amazing.

"Pack an overnight bag, you're eating in my home with my pack tonight."
###chapter 133
Julian 

In wolf form , all sense of time seemed to vanish. There were no days just sunrises and sunsets and I lost count of both because we were always running. 

Running from one pack to another. Keeping to the shadows. Watching and waiting for any sign of Cassie and my boys. 

There was none , only whispers. Everyone seemed to know her name now but then that wasn't surprising. They wondered why my people didn't know I had taken a bride and I couldn't even remember why I had tried to keep her a secret. It seemed pointless now as my enemies had known about her. They had known about her and came after her. 

And now she was lost to me again. I'd only just gotten her back and she had saved me and I'd gone and lost her. The hollowness in my heart didn't seem to heal but my body did. 

At least I was stronger now. Because I would need to be. My whole kingdom was in uproar. People were scared, people were turning on each other. And all of them were looking for me. Some because they wanted to see my downfall and some because they expected me to save them.

I wanted to save them. I just didn't know how the hell I was going to do it. My brain wouldn't concentrate on anything but finding Cassie and making sure her and the boys were safe.

"Shift."

I blinked my wolf eyes up at Ian in shock to find him in his human form instead of his animal. Weeks had gone by without us changing shapes. 

"Shift Julian we need to talk." He said again and moved towards the tree line. 

Shifting was easier said than done. Usually it came naturally to me but after so long in animal form my wolf was loathe to give human me back control. Screwing my face up in concentration I forced my will. Pain rippled through me as fur flowed back into my skin and my bones straightened with a snap. 

"Well that wasn't pleasant to watch." Ian said from his place sat under a tree. His hands were in his lap so his modesty was covered. 

As shifters we were used to nudity but I appreciated the effort. Covering myself I went to sit next to him. Stretching out my human legs that hadn't been used for so long and protested loudly. 

"Wasn't pleasant to go through it." I admitted with a sigh. "Why are we human again?" 

For several minutes Ian just sat and stared. "Because I needed to stretch my legs and -" he side eyed me as I stared at him in disbelief. I didn't believe that for a second. 

"Yeah." Ian chuckled. "I didn't think you would believe that. I wanted you to be aware of where we are. Of whose lands we are about to enter."

I looked around me for what felt like the first time. Honestly all of these different pack lands seemed to look the same these days but now I was looking I actually recognised this place. I knew the smell of the air.

"We are close to my home. This is-" I frowned jumping to my feet, I took a deep inhale. "Yes I know this place. I came here for a trades deal. Their alpha is -" pausing I struggled to find the right words. "An acquaintance. We have met several times but I don't think he's exactly friendly to me. Coming here is a mistake."

"Sit down."

I stared at him. Ian was a good friend and I owed him more than my life but him ordering me around wasn't going to wash for much longer.

"Please sit down your highness." He amended.

"I don't think Cassie will be here. The alpha-" I did what he asked for a sigh and honestly it felt good. 

"Their alpha is dead. I saw his body on the wall. I'm pretty sure that makes him loyal to you. I did not see his mate. And I can't guarantee that she isn't blaming us for her mates painful death but -"

"Scarlett." That had been her name. "Scarlett was a friend of cassies. I saw them here together once."

"She helped Cassie back at the palace as well. On the day Cathy died she made a distraction so Cassie could escape." Ian added softly.

Hope erupted in my chest. More hope than I had felt in a long time. 

"She's here." I whispered and the moment I said it I knew it was true. We had checked every where else and it all made sense. Scarlett had helped Cassie once before. "I can almost smell her in the wind." I sniffed and I was sure I could. 

"Scarlett might be a friend but who ever has taken over as alpha might not be , we have to be careful now. More careful now than ever. People know you well here. We can't-"

Ignoring him I began to stride into the woods. If I remembered rightly the pack house was on the edge of the forest. There were cabins and an infirmary as well. This pack was always getting attacked. Even though they were peace loving people. Not surprising. The strong always tried to take from the weak. Even when the weak kept fighting back. 

"Stop Julian." Ian grabbed my wrist and stopped me in my tracks. "We can't just walk in there and ask for her. We need to rest and then go in just before dawn. If we skirt around the edge and come in from the hill then we will have the advantage."

"Yeah but-"

"No buts , the time for recklessness is over. You need to now act like king.  We need to watch and see if they have her."

"She's here." I said firmly because she was. 

Ian looked thoughtful for a second and then nodded. "Yes I think she is but we can't just run in there. Cassie might be here but we need to know if she's here of her own free will or if she's being held prisoner."
###chapter 134
Cassie

We ate outside, with twinkling lights swinging between the low branches of the trees. Almost a dozen people were around so it wasn't exactly a party but it felt like one. Scarlett's people didn't even flinch when I stepped out next to her. They murmured a little bit and then greeted me like an old friend and they had been treating me like a friend ever since.

It was exactly what I needed. So normal. It was easy to imagine that I was just having some time with friends and family. There was even low playing music.

Music and laughter and great food.

I sat back in the chair and watched as Scarlett rocked the boys back and forth on her lap. She looked good holding babies. It suited her. Scarlett would be a great mum , I'd thought so since the first day I had met her in her dance studio. In fact she looked more at ease with them then I did.

I loved my sons, I would die for them but-

"You look happy Cassie." She said from across the wide table.

"So do you." I countered and then softened my voice. "I am happy." I admitted. "Thank you for inviting me. This was just what I needed. I know it's dangerous to have me down here but-"

Her eyes narrowed. "You are always welcome here and I promise you , that you are safe. Every person in my pack would lay down their lives for you."

"Don't say that." My eyes danced away. Too many people had died for me as it was. I didn't want anyone else too.

"Crazy to think that there is a war brewing out there isn't there. In here seems to be-" she shrugged.

She didn't need to finish the sentence. "Yeah I was just thinking the same. It's like old times. Well before I got married. I used to socialise with friends all the time. Forrest has this." I stopped dead. We still hadn't found out where Forrest was. It was like he had disappeared off the face of the earth. Just like Julian and Ian. Only with Forrest there wasn't even rumours. He wasn't important enough to pay attention to by anyone but me.

I had lost friends and I had lost my husband. I couldn't bear to lose anyone else. 

"One day it will all go back to normal your highness." A man said from his seat next to Scarlett. He had been introduced as Jayson and as a guest of Scarlett's but they looked alike so I was guessing he was one of her many brothers.

I flashed him a look.

Laughing he swung back on his chair , holding his hands up. "I'm sorry I'm sorry I forgot. Cassie."

I had already insisted people use my name and not a title I would never get use to. "You will have all of this again. Only on a more grander scale. In a castle or a palace."

"I've never wanted that." I whispered.

"Well you're mate is the real king so-"

"My husband."

A dozen pairs of eyes snapped in my direction but it was Scarlett who spoke. "Yes, your husband and your mate. Unless of course you plan on rejecting him."

I shrugged. I shouldn't have said anything. I loved Julian, I kind of always had even when he was a dick but I didn't much like him and I didn't know if I could trust him.

He always came for you when you needed him, a small voice whispered in my head and I swatted that voice away. 

"He tried to reject me when I risked my life to save him."

A gasp went up. "He rejected you."

"I didn't accept it and he was knocked out before he could finish doing it so I don't actually know." I took a deep breath. "He chose another over me. A woman who-" i shook my head. "It doesn't matter. I don't know what will happen between us as a couple. But we will always be connected because of the boys and I will fight for him because he is my king." I let my eyes travel around the table and every pair of eyes were on me. "Our king."

Across from me Scarlett raised her wine glass. "Long live the King."

A chorus went up around and I found myself smiling as I lifted my glass and my voice was them. No matter what happened in the future, Julian was my king and the father of my babies.

"I think we need more food and drink. Make this a real party." Someone else said and my smile grew. "Cassie do you want anything from the grill?"

They might not call me by my title but they sure liked waiting on me like servants.

"No, I can get my own.  I want to snag only the best."

"You shouldn't have to get your hands dirty." Someone else muttered.

"I'm training to be a surgeon, I can handle some meat." I pointed as I went to the grill and began to pile my plate up high. Scarlett was right I couldn't live off eggs royale for the rest of my life and twins definitely couldn't. I was going to have to learn to cook and quickly. 

Holding the plate in one hand, I took a massive bite of a juicy rib with the other. 

From the table a gasp went up as they stared at me with their mouths open. 

"Do I have sauce on my chin?" I froze. "I've always been a messy eater." 

From the table Jayson leapt to his feet, Scarlett behind him and gripping my babies to her chest tightly. Every set of eyes trained on me were wide with fear and worry.

This wasn't because their queen had food on her face. This was something else. 

The hairs on the back of my neck stood up, my nerve endings zinged and I couldn't move as someone stepped out of the trees right behind me.
###chapter 135
Cassie

It was like I couldn't breathe. Not because I was terrified although being snuck up on would do that to any girl but because a resounding sense of familiarity washed over me. I knew even without looking that who ever they were they didn't mean me any harm. 

Hope blossomed in my chest and my heart skipped a beat.

"Cassie." Jayson growled out a warning and stepped forward as I began to turn. I didn't understand why he looked so nervous. Or why they all looked so scared. I don't feel either of those things now the shock had worn off. It had to be Julian.

My heart was telling me-

"Julian."I whirled around and stammered to a stop as my eyes hit the heavily muscled chest of a huge man. A man much taller than Julian. My eyes flicked up to his face and I frowned. 

I didn't know this man. I had never seen him before in my life. "You're not Julian." I stumbled back from the giant of a man. And his face broke into a smile. "I don't know you."

I felt rather saw the people around the table move. Jayson came to stand at my side , his hand closing around my wrist to try and draw me behind him. A small circle went around Scarlet and the babies. I wasn't sure what good that would do. Who ever this dude was he had got through all of Scarlett's guards and managed to sneak up on thirteen shifters without no one noticing. That made him dangerous.

"No I am not and no you don't yet-" the smile slipped from his face as he stared at Jayson who was openly growling. "Be quiet boy." He snapped. "I am not threat to Cassie. Or to my grandchildren."

Jayson just growled even more. He growled so loudly that I almost didn't register what the stranger had said. But was he a stranger? I had never seen him before but he felt familiar and he had just said- I swallowed hard.

"It's ok." I turned slightly to reassure Jayson and his growls stopped. He still didn't look happy but at least he wasn't snarling.

Turning my attention back to the newcomer my hand reached up to touch his face, but stopped before I could touch his skin.

"Why do you feel so familiar? Why do I trust you not to hurt me or mine ?" I dropped my hand to my side and straightened my shoulders. "What do you want?"

One dark , bushy eyebrow quirked upwards. "Which of those questions would you like me to answer first Cassandra?"

"My name is Cassie. No one has ever called me by Cassandra."

"Sorry I just assumed you had shortened it." He bowed his head politely. "There's many things I need to learn about you isn't there? Many years to catch up on." He straightened. "But we will have time now. I am Caspian and-"

"You're my father." I murmured.

He nodded. "Yes, that's why you trust me. My blood runs through your veins and blood always recognises blood. I was hoping your mother would be here." His eyes scanned the small gathering and a line appeared between his eyebrows. "It's been years."

"Since you abandoned her?"

A flash of anger swept across his face. "Never. That is a wolf thing to do. Like your husband , mating with another woman even after you said your vows. I have been true to your mother my mate. I just couldn't get her to come away. And then I couldn't find her at all. It's only recently that I felt the link again."

I blinked at him in shock. "She was in a coma." I whispered.

A flicked of worry darkened his eyes. "Is she?"

"She is fine now. Somewhere safe. But that doesn't tell me why you are here?"

"For you and my grandchildren." He said it like it was the most obvious thing in the world.  "You're friends here have done a great job about keeping you safe but it's time for you to come home. You are a princess of the Lycans and your place now is with us." He smiled , reaching down he pushed some of my long dark hair behind my ear. "You look so much like your mother when she was your age. All that long dark hair. I would very much like to see her again."

"I can't just come with you." I snapped, my eyes flicked to Scarlett who just shrugged. "I don't know you. I don't know if I can trust you."

"We are the only ones who can keep you and the babies safe from the war that is about to happen. This kingdom is about to fall and I don't want to see you fall with it. I won't let you or your mother down again. So I'll have her fetched as well. We will be a family finally."

"No." I almost stamped my feet. "Julian-"

"Is going to father another baby. He will take Megan. He will let you down again."

"My babies are also his.  He-" I was about to say he loved me but I really wasn't sure of that.

"The choice is yours daughter. You can stay and fight and die or you can do what you know is right and come somewhere your husband can never let you down again." Digging deep into his pocket he pulled out a phone. His thick fingers flying across the keys he held it to his ear.

"Yes I'm with her now but she doesn't trust me yet. Yeah," a low grumbling chuckle. "Here. I have someone who wants to speak to you. Someone your husband tried to beat to death for being your friend." He handed me the phone and I took it tentatively. 

"Hello Cassie." A familiar voice spoke softly in my ear and I let out a shriek, dancing away from the giant of a man I burst into tears. Sobbing loudly I almost collapsed with relief at hearing his voice. "Forrest?"
###chapter 136
Julian

We moved as one entity through the trees and up the hill. Moving with grace and ease thanks to our wolves. They were at home here in the forest. Their eyes saw things we couldn't in our human form and their keen noses were sensitive the slightest hint on the breeze. 

I was fit as a human and my wolf was even fitter but the higher we went upwards the harder my heart slammed into my chest. I wasn't winded , or panting at all but I could not slow my heart beat down.

Nerves rippled across my skin. My heckles rose and a low snarl ripped its way out of my skin as between the trees a small two story house came into view. Even in the darkness it looked welcoming. Like a gingerbread house, with its pretty flowers in neatly pruned beds surrounding the porch. Curtains that looked floral fluttered from an open upstairs window.

I stopped dead in my tracks , one paw still lifted from the ground and my head which had been low lifted as the breeze blew across my face. In front of me that curtain fluttered. 

It felt like home because it was.

I could smell Cassie on that breeze. She had been here and recently because her scent was so strong. For all I knew she was still inside. Asleep with her window wide open. Although I knew that wasn't going to be the case. She would feel me if she was inside.

I growled again, creeping forward with Ian taking up the rear. He nipped at my haunches. A warning not to rush forward and be stupid without words. He didn't need to warn me. I was done with being stupid and letting my ego and pride get in the way. 

I was better than I had been.

And I had to be better still.

I wanted to run inside and see if my suspicions were right but I couldn't. I didn't know who was waiting for me. Cassie may have been held here against her will and they were using her scent as a lure. This whole situation could be a trap.

Except it felt like home. I couldn't smell any fear. I could just smell her. 

"Easy." Ian didn't speak but I knew that would be what he was saying if he could talk through his wolf mouth. 

I wanted to be calm about it. I wanted to be a clever man but in reality I was nothing more than a man who had been away from his mate for weeks and months before than and I had now found her again. I was obsessed with her.

She might not be here anymore.  This might just be somewhere she had stayed for a few nights. But at least I knew she was ok now and being here meant I was one step closer to finding her and wrapping her in my arms.

But I needed a closer look. 

Swinging my head towards Ian, I let my eyes do the talking. I was his alpha and he understood completely. Keeping low to the ground he rushed off to the left with a swish of his tail. He disappeared under the dappled shadows in a blink of an eye. He would check this way and I would go the other. It was like we were hunting only the only prey that mattered to me was Cassie.

We would check the perimeter and then head inside. I wanted to check in there as well. See if Cassie and the boys' scents were all over or completely overpowered by someone else's.

"Cassie." 

I flattened myself to the wet floor. And bit back the urge to whine as the smell of her skin hit me like a tidal wave.

"No Scarlett." My wife's wife's voice was strong. She was angry though. I didn't know her well because I hadn't bothered to get to know her but I knew what she sounded like when she was angry.  

She stepped into view, stepping out of the trees and onto the small patch of line right in front of me. She didn't notice me but then again I hadn't noticed her until she was right on top of me. The spell was still mixing us up even now it seemed.

"Just drop it." She stomped up the stairs to the front door and I smiled when I saw the babies strapped to her back. She was still using the home made sling Ian had made her and that made me happy but not as happy as seeing her here happy and healthy.

Cassie looked good. Strong and beautiful. 

"I'm not going." She whirled so quickly that it made me dizzy. 

"No one is going to force you to go with him. But you should think about it. For Niall and Noah's sake if nothing more."

"You said I was welcome here."

"And you are welcome here. This is your home for as long as you want it to be. But he's family. He cares and can keep you safer than I can. Him sneaking up on us tonight just proved that. All I'm saying is think about it. What harm can it do to think it over?"

I didn't like the sound of any of this. I didn't know who they were arguing about but I could hazard a guess.

Cassie opened her mouth to argue and then snapped it shut again with a sigh. "Ok, I'll think about it. But you tell him to leave me alone until I'm ready to talk ok."

"You know he won't do that. He needs to make sure you're safe."

"Fine. Fine." Cassie sounded resigned but undefeated. Her shoulders slumped. "Thank you for dinner Scarlett. I'll be ready to work tomorrow."

"You don't have to start-"

Cassie cut her off. "I'll be ready in the morning. Good night."

I waited for her to let herself into the house and close the door, turning my head I watched the shadowy figure of Scarlett as she rushed back down the hill and then I shook off the shadows and shifted.

My bare foot hit the bottom step which creaked under my weight and the door flung open. Illuminating me in the light from the hallway.

I froze.
 ###chapter 137
Cassie

I had just placed a sleeping baby Noah next to his brother when I heard the stairs squeak. 

"I swear to the goddess." Clenching my fists I flung open the front door. "I told you not to follow me, Caspian. I told you I wasn't ready to talk. You need to just leave me alone and let me have some time to think." Standing there with my hands on my hips I froze.

He was there. Right in front of me. As naked as the day he was born and just as unashamed. Tearing my eyes off the perfect sculpted body that I would know anywhere , I lifted my eyes to his bottomless dark ones.

"Julian." His name left my lips in a rush and the wind blew the sound away but I knew he had heard me anyway.

For a split second we stood there with not even a foot between us and then he was moving. Taking the final steps in one bound he crashed into me. Forcing me backwards. I stumbled , a small cry of shock escaping my lips before his mouth came crashing down on mine. We smashed into the doorframe and pain lanced up my spine but it was nothing compared to the breathlessness I was feeling from being in his arms again.

It felt so good.

"Get off of her-" Another voice roared, only this time it was female. Julian had half turned before a loud growl pierced the air.

A giant wolf jumped between my husband and the woman who my father had sent to guard me. 

Crouching low , the wolf pulled back his lips from giant teeth and snarled. Drool dripping from his mouth in thick wet ropes.

Ian. The wolf was Ian. 

They had both made it and they had found me. It should have been a happy time and not the start of another war.

"Back off dog boy." The woman flexed her arms and her muscles rippled. She didn't have any weapons and even though she was tall, Ian's wolf towered over her. If she was human she wouldn't have stood a chance. Even if she had been a wolf she wouldn't have.

But she wasn't any of those things. She was Lycan and she would rip both of them apart with her bare hands without even breaking a sweat.

"Stop it." Stepping around Julian and ignoring his protest I padded down the steps to stand in front of Ian. "Both of you stop it." I looked from him to the unnamed woman and back again. "There is no need for this. Stop growling Ian."

He ignored me. His head swung around to stare around me. I rolled my eyes.  They were all acting like class A douche bags. 

"You." I pointed at the woman. "Go back and tell Caspian that-"

"I don't tell the king anything, I do not order him. You told him he wasn't allowed to follow you to keep you safe so he sent me."

"Fuck." Of course he had found a loophole. Of course he had. 

"So I'm here until someone comes to replace me or I have orders to stand down."

"Fine. But stop threatening. Ian is my friend. Everyone here is my friend." Turning my attention back to Ian I stared at him. He stared right around me and continued to growl. 

Exasperated, I slapped the top of his nose hard. "Will you shift so we can talk properly? Like people." I gave his nose another tap. "Shift back."

"Will you stop slapping at me like a mongrel." Ian grumbled. Cupping himself so he wasn't flapping in the wind. Turning to me with a grin , he hugged me with one arm. And I hugged him back. I knew Julian wouldn't like it. I could almost feel his jealousy in the air but I didn't care. Ian was my friend and I wouldn't let Julian yank another friend from me. I needed all the friends I could get right now. 

"It's so good to see you Ian." I murmured.

"Same goes to you Cassie. I knew you would get out in one peace and you're looking great."

"Well-" the Lycan interrupted. We turned to her in shock. She  let her eyes travel down his body and sneered. "You are one. You look like one anyway. And no mongrel gets to touch her. The king orders."

Ian stepped in front of me again. "I do not recognise your king. I recognise mine and he is her husband."

"For now. But step away now. Move away from her. Or I'll-" 

They went back to arguing and it was starting to wear thin.

"You  will do what? You can't do anything." 

The woman pulled herself up to her full height. "I could rip you apart but such a small-" she let her sneer widen as she let her eyes drop down his body again. "Man wouldn't deserve that much effort."

It was the wrong thing to say. Ian's fists clenched at his side.

"I'll end you-" he stepped forward. And she danced forward to meet him. I had never seen two strangers hate each other on first sight as much as these two did.

"I'm going to feast on your-"

"Actually." A new voice said from the shadows of the trees. "The only person who gets to feast on Ian is me."

"Yana." I turned in shock but Ian got to her first. He swung her up and into his arms. Kissing her face wildly.

"Ian?" Julian muttered.

"Leave him." I patted his arm. "Let them be." 

"Who is she?" Both the Lycan and Julian asked at the same time. 

"Yana." I said simply. "His mate."

"She's not a wolf." Julian muttered.

I turned to him with a glare. "I'm pretty sure he knows that already." 

"She's as weak as he is." The woman muttered under her breath.

"Oh shut up." I glared at her. "Now make yourself useful and take everyone down to scarlet. If Yana is here then so are some of her pack. Take everyone down the hill. I'll be down in the morning."

"I can't leave you unprotected."

"She won't be. I'll be here with her." Julian reached for my hand and I shook it away. Ignoring the look of hurt in his eyes.

"No you won't. I need you to leave as well. I just need to be on my own."
###chapter 138
Cassie

When I opened the door the next morning, they were all there. Every single one of them, sat or standing on the porch and by the looks they were giving each other tempers hadn't cooled down over night. Not that I expected them to.

Sighing I stared at them all in turn. "Have you all stopped acting like children and made friends now?" I asked and the corners of my mouth twitched. I already knew the answer to that question. They hated each other as much as they had last night. 

"No?" Closing my hand around the door I went to swing it shut on their faces. If they wanted to act like children then I would treat them all like children. "No breakfast for you."

"Cassie?"

Grinning from ear to ear I swung open the door again and enveloped Yanna is a bear hug. "Apart from you because I like you." I whispered into her hair. "The others not so much."

She giggled. "It's good to see you and I would love breakfast but I have to keep an eye on that one." She nodded her head towards Ian. "He doesn't seem to like your new guard very much."

"I'm pretty sure the feeling is mutual. I'm not sure I like her. I don't even know her name." I whispered.

"My name is Melina. And you don't have to like me Cassie. I'm not here to be your friend, I'm here to guard you." She tilted her chin up. "The king wouldn't hear of you being unguarded. He cares for your safety." Her eyes met Julian's and he growled.

I rolled my eyes. Here they went again. 

"It's nice to meet you Melina but please stop threatening my friends. If you can all promise to get on then you can come in and I'll put some coffee on. It's cold out here and -"

"I can't promise to get on with her." Ian spat.

"Then stay outside. My children are in there asleep and I won't have you acting like children around them."

"Oh the babies." Yanna slipped her arm through mine. "Can I meet them? Can I have cuddles? I can't believe you had them in secret. Your mum was beside herself?"

I let her inside , hearing the sounds of the others shuffle in and begin to make themselves at home behind me. Leading her into the kitchen I pointed to the bassinet and went about making coffee and toast for everyone now milling around in my small home. I could make them the one egg dish I knew but there was no way in hell I could manage it for this many people.

"Oh Cassie. They are -" Yanna whirled me around , and hugged me close. She sobbed into my shoulder and after a second I held her close and cried right along with her. 

"They are beautiful and I am so glad you are ok. I had to come even though Ian is so mad at me." Her hand settled on her stomach. 

I glanced down. "I'm mad at you as well. But goddess I am so glad you are here. I've missed you so much. How is everyone?" I searched her face. "How is my mum?"

"She's good, she wanted to come but we talked her out of it."

"Good." I really wanted my mum but Yanna had done the right thing. Here was not the place for a woman getting ovep heart surgery. I knew it was for the best but I suddenly missed my mum. I wanted her to meet her grand babies.

"She's going to make such a great nanna." Yanna said. "I asked if mine can call her that as well I hope you don't mind?" She side eyed me.

"Of course not." I already classed Yanna as my sister anyway so I could happily share my mum. "But does that mean her and your dad are-" I waggled my eyebrows suggestively.

"They say no but I think-"

I don't know what made me look towards the back window but I was glad I did because there he was. Caspian, king of the Lycans and my father. The impossibly powerful man who thought my mum was his mate. If mum was falling in love with another things were about to get very very awkward.

"Holy fucking shit." Yannas fingers clutched my arm painfully. "Who the hell is that?"

Detangling myself from her grip , I moved towards the back door. "He's my dad. The real one. Blood and all."

"He's a Lycan." She hissed. "Like the one outside."

"Yeah." I stood aside to let Caspian enter. "He's her king."

"Good morning." He nodded his head to Yanna who shrank back. Her back hitting the bassinet and making the babies wail. The sound of their crying filled the house. Causing Julian to appear in the doorway. 

"I have heard great things about you Yanna." Caspian nodded his head politely. "You are a skilled fighter. Thank you for being my fighters friend and protector. And your mate also."

Yanna looked at me in shock "what's going on ?" She mouthed and I gave her a small shrug. I had absolutely no idea.

"He has been true and loyal to her and I appreciate that. The Lycans are in both of your debts. We always reward loyalty -"

"If you have something to say to me, King Caspian." Julian stepped to my side and pulled me into his hip. The very air around him seemed to flicker with hostility. He hadn't said one word to me since I had opened the door this morning and here he was trying to claim ownership of me.

It felt like nothing had changed at all.

I yanked myself out of his grasp and glared at him.

"I have plenty to say to you Julian." Caspian bit his bottom lip as he stared at my husband and found him lacking. "None of it will be pleasant. I think it's time we had a serious talk don't you? One king to another."
###chapter 139
Julian

"One king to another." Just the way he said he riled me up the wrong way. It was clear that King Caspian thought i was beneath him which just went to prove everything u had been told about his kind.

"So all the rumours are true." Smirking I cocked my head to the side, studying him from beneath my lashes. If he wanted a battle of wills and put downs then I would give him one. I didn't even know why he was here. It sure as hell wasn't for Cassie , he had never cared before. I had made mistakes but he had never even tried to be in her life.

"Is that right?" He mirrored my head movement with one of his own. His voice mocking.

"Yes." Lifting a hand I started counting off all the things I had heard about Lycans. None of them were good. The entire time his face remained impassive. 

"I see." He said when I finally dropped my hand with a grin. The whole room was quiet. Every pair of eyes on me and all of them looked worried. Maybe I should have been as well.

"Is that what you really think of my kind?" Caspians voice was deathly quiet. A prickle of unease flowed up the back of my neck. Causing goosebumps to erupt all over my skin.

"It's what every full blood , pure wolf thinks. You are a mutation." I shrugged. "Yes you are stronger, faster and more aggressive but that's because you are hybrids. Your blood is tainted. Wolves are only -"

A gasp went up from behind me and I knew it was Ian. "Do nor finish that sentence Julian. You sound like a bigot." He hissed and I ignored him. My eyes were glued to Cassies father.

"No let him finish." He said in an even more quiet tone. "Are you hearing this Cassie?"

I turned to her in shock. Behind her one of my boys had turned his head to stare at me. There was so much judgement in those tiny round blue eyes that I paled.

"I'm hearing it." Her voice was barely audible.

"So now you know what your husband thinks about you. Abou your children."

Too late I realised my mistake. With one sentence Caspian had forced me to alienate the only people who mattered to me. He hadn't even had to try, I had messed up again by myself.

"Cassie." I took a step forward. "I did not mean-"

She moved to shield the twins from my view. Her face was a mixture of sadness and anger. "But you do think that Julian. You have called me all of those things before."

"But that was before I knew- who you were to me." I tried lamely.  I couldn't believe this was happening. Finding her was meant to be a good thing. It wasn't meant to like this. "I love you Cassie." Crossing the space between us, I took hold of her hips and pulled her into my body. A grumble went up from the Lycans but I ignored it. The only thing that would make me let go of her now was physical violence. And even then I would fight. Cassie was my mate. She was mine. And mate trumped daughter.

"I love you and I love our children. Our boys." Looping my arm around her waist, I tilted her face up. "Please look at me and know the truth of my words. I'm going to get our kingdom back and once I do I am going to spend every day for the rest of my life making things up to you. And when we are gone , our children will rule a happy United Kingdom. Just give me a chance to-"

"You see where the problem is there, don't you Julian?" It was Ian that spoke. "How can a kingdom be united under a half Lycan king. You can't expect your people to accept it when you don't yourself. You have out dated views. Views that every single person in this room don't agree with. You are full of bigotry and pride and it makes you hateful."

Still holding on to Cassie I whirled on him. "I am not full of- I don't care about anyone's species. He just goaded me into -"

"He is my father." Cassie interjected. "And even if he wasn't, he deserves more respect. A fellow king came to help you and you insult him? You aren't the wayward playboy prince anymore Julian. And unless you can man up and show us the king you will be, you are going to lose everything."

My heart slammed into my chest. A crack appeared in it. "Does that include you?" I whispered. This was a conversation we should have in private. Not in a room full of people while I was nude. But here we were.

" I don't know." She answered softly and the crack in my heart deepened. I was losing her all over again. 

"I love you Cassie." 

"If you love her then let her go." Caspian said softly and the first hint of friendship entered his voice. "Let her and the boys come back with me. They are my heirs as well remember. Cassie and then the boys. They could unite our people again but this mess- " he waved his hands around. "This civil war you find yourself in is no place for Cassie and her newborns. Fight and win and when you do come back and find them. Show them the man you are. Show them who you choose but don't keep them in danger."

I knew he was talking about Megan. Who was a problem for another day. Staring at him I nodded my head. Not in agreement but because I knew what he was saying was true.

"Cassie." I murmured.

"No Julian." She snapped back. "You do not get to make that decision for me. I am my own person." She turned to the room. "Can you all go down to the pack? I would like some time with my husband."
###chapter 140
Cassie

They left, the sounds of their feet fading as they walked through the forest towards Scarlett. I had a pang of worry whether they would be welcomed down there but I knew it was for nothing and then the silence of the house wrapped around me and I wished I could call them back. 

I suddenly didn't want to be alone with Julian. I didn't know what to say to him. I had no clue how we could move forward. Things were different now that we weren't fighting for our lives. 

Taking a deep breath, I walked back into the kitchen and stopped dead in the doorway. Julian was there, no longer naked because he had draped some kind of throw around his slender hips. I sent up a silent thanks to the goddess for that. We would need to talk and if he was naked it wouldn't be talking we would be doing. 

He was standing with his back to me. Staring down at the twins and his shoulders shook like he was crying. 

"Julian." I didn't know what else to say.

He turned and the tears running down his face took all the breath from my body. "Goddess they are perfect. I've never felt so much love for them or for you. I would die for them."

My eyes moved over his wet cheeks and I wished he was naked again. Naked and lust filled was easier to deal with then this- perfection.

He was acting exactly how I wished he would act. A man completely in love with being a dad. A man-

"Come here." He offered me up his hand and reluctantly I took it. Letting him pull me into the circle of his arms. "We made something so perfect, Cassie." He whispered against my hair.  "You have to realise that your father just twisted my words." 

I tore myself out of my grasp. "Stop Julian." I walked away towards the living room. "We need to talk properly." I said when I heard him follow me. "I just don't know what to say."

"Why?" Sliding his hands around my waist he shuffled us towards the sofa and pushed me into it. "We are one Cassie. It has always been you for me , and me for you." 

Crossing my arms around me I refused to look at him. "Except it wasn't Julian. And I'm not blaming you. Not really." I held up a hand to silence him when he opened his mouth to speak. "I didn't want to marry you either. I broke those vows."

"We broke them together." He pointed out.

"The fact is we didn't know that at the time. And with everything that has happened with Megan." I gave a small shrug. "I just don't know what future we have together. I don't know if I can ever trust you. Even now." I forced myself to stare into his eyes. "I don't know you. I don't know how to speak and I feel I can't be myself."

"Of course you can. I fucked up but-"

"Yes you did and I don't know what we can do to fix it."

He stared down at me with his mouth open and happy tears still wet on his face. He wasn't happy anymore. "You saved me." He muttered. "You risked your life -"

"You are my king, my husband and my mate. I have never wanted you dead. I just don't know if I can ever forgive you. I don't know if I can ever really trust you."

Julian made a choked sound in the back of his throat and fell to his knees. His hands slid up my denim clad thighs and he dropped his face to lean his cheek against them.

"Don't say that Cassie." There were tears in his voice again. "Don't say you have given up on me when we are finally together again. I'll be better. I'll -" he sobbed and I hated the sound of it. It ripped into me , as sharp as any blade and it cut even deeper. "Please don't leave me. I need you."

Guilt ripped through me. Lifting his face I wiped away his tears with my thumb. "I'm not going to leave you, Julian. I won't leave you to fight this war on your own. For better or worse we are in this together."

Relief flooded his face. "Thank you , thank you. I will make everything up to you, you just wait and see."

Smiling a little sadly I reached down and pressed my lips to his. It was meant to be a tender kiss. One to wipe away his sadness but the moment our skin met the mate bond made itself known. A need so intense that I had never felt anything like it took over my body. 

He growled , his voice thick as his hand came down  and gripped my hips, pulling me to the edge of the sofa. Instantly I wrapped my legs around him.

It was going to happen again. The thing that I had promised myself would never happen until things were sorted between us but I just couldn't seem to help myself when it came to him. It didn't matter how wrong it was. 

"I'm burning for you Cassie." Julian nipped against my bottom lip. "But I don't want to hurt you or- you've just had ."

I silenced him by kissing him again. "I'm healed. Just go slow at first."

"I'll be gentle. I'll worship you and take no pleasure for myself."

A wail went up from the kitchen and we both froze. "Well damn." Chuckling he leant his forehead against mine and after a few seconds I laughed along with him. "I'm guessing I have to get used to that now we have children hey?" Still laughing he jumped to his feet and pulled me up to mine. "I've never even held them but can I help you with them today? Can you teach me?"

"Yeah. Yes of course."

"Thank you." His voice broke again. "And I promise you Cassie. I'll do whatever it takes to keep them safe. Whatever it takes. You have my word."
###chapter 141
Julian

I was a dad.

It was amazing and scarier than anything else I had ever been through. Just holding their tiny wiggling bodies or changing a nappy was more daunting than anything I had ever had to do.

And the entire time Cassie smiled indulgently. She thought this was amusing. She didn't outright laugh at me but I could tell that she thought it was cute that I had absolutely no idea what I was doing.

I felt like an awkward fool. She had made it look so easy.

"Stop laughing at me. I don't even know if I'm holding him right? Am I hurting him rubbing his back like this?" I was trying to do it like she had showed me but everything about this situation felt awkward.

This was the first time I had held my children and it showed.

"You're doing brilliant. You're a natural." She disappeared for a second as she got something out of the oven which smelt like it had burnt to a crisp. Mesmerised by her I watched. It didn't bother me whether the thing she was cooking was inedible, I would eat it anyway because this was exactly what I wanted. This marital bliss and family life. This was what I would fight for. Not for my kingdom

And the right to be king and rule but the three people in this room. They were where my loyalty had to lay. I wanted us to be a family. And I would do anything to make sure that happened.

No more mistakes.

And that's why I had to do what was best for them. All of them.

"I am not a natural. I have never even held a baby before. At least you had practice."

Her eyes brows slammed down. "Because I'm a woman?" 

"Because your a doctor." I countered.

"I'm a surgeon. And anyway being a mum is different. I would do anything for them you know?" She nodded her head thoughtfully to herself.

"I know. I feel the same." And I did. That's why I was going to do what was right.

"It's been exhausting though. I have a new found respect for single parents everywhere." She yawned. "And I burnt-"

I cut her off. "Go and lay down for an hour. I can manage."

She looked at me like I was crazy and honestly I felt crazy. 

"I can't ask you to babysit so I can nap."

"It's not babysitting Cassie they are my pups too. I think I'll go and take them for a walk. Just in the garden." I added when she gave me a wary look. "I would not let anything happen to them. You have my word Cassie. On my life."

She hesitated for a second longer and then nodded. "I'll have a bath. I won't be more than fifteen minutes. Thank you." Padding over to me she kissed my cheek. "Shout if you need me."

"I will." I lied. I wouldn't need her and I wouldn't need more than fifteen minutes. 

The moment I heard the bathroom door shut I wrapped both babies in their thick blankets and manoeuvred them into my arms comfortably. 

A quick walk in the garden. A bit of fresh air. I knew we would be safe because there was no way Caspian would be far away. He was too protective to leave Cassie and the boys unprotected.

Walking as quietly as I could I headed outside and closed the door softly behind me. Instantly Caspian stepped out of the trees. His long dark hair shaggy around his angular face.

"I see." He said quietly. His eyes on my sons. "Are you sure about this?"

Was I sure? No! Was it the right thing to do? Yes.

"I wish I'd had more time with them but yes I'm sure. If I have your word that they will be safe?"

Caspian nodded. "My vow as a king and as a father. And I'll send you help for your war. The sooner this is over the better. Then you can reunite their family. Cassie?"

I shook my head. Cassie wouldn't leave, she had told me adamantly this afternoon. "If she changes her mind I will bring her to you but-"

"She's stubborn." He chuckled. "Like her mother. Give my grandbabies to me. We don't have much time. I can hear her coming down the stairs. She's a suspicious thing."

I handed my boys over. After one afternoon with them and it broke me.

"She has  very reason to be suspicious." I muttered. "Look after them-" I began to say but the words died on my lips. He was gone. Disappeared in a blink of an eye or so it seemed. In front of me there was nothing but the silent forest. Even the birds and insects had stopped their chatter.  Everything was quiet like the world was holding its breath. 

Behind me the door opened. "Julian?"

I turned to her empty handed and her eyes widened. Dark wet hair dripped into her eyes. 

"Let me-"

"Julian where are Niall and Noah. They aren't in their crib and-" her voice was rising. And I could tell by her face that she knew what happened.

"They are safe Cassie. They are with your father."

She launched herself at me. Her fists pounding into my face and shoulders as she sobbed. "You sent my babies away? You gave them away? You had no right. No-" sobbing she fell to her knees in the wet grass. 

Seconds  passed as she sobbed and I could do nothing but stare down at her knowing there was nothing I could do to make this better for her. I had caused her this pain and I hated it even when I knew I had done the right thing.

"Cassie." Finally I reached down and touched her wet hair.

Her head snapped upwards and her wolf shone out of her eyes. Her wolf and something else. Her eyes seemed to crackle even I could see the heart break in them.

"I hate you Julian. I hate you and I will reject you." She sobbed as she pushed herself to her feet. "As soon as this is over I'll reject you, I'll go somewhere I never have to see you again. They were my babies. My boys." She stood there, her shoulders heaving and then she shook her head and fell back to her knees. "I will hate you forever Julian. And then I will hate you some more."
###chapter 142
Julian 

"I will hate you forever Julian." Her words seemed to echo in my head. Bouncing around in my skull before crashing down into my heart and shattering it.

I didn't want to believe that she meant it but I knew she did. At that moment she meant every venom filled word.

"You know it was for the best." I said quietly. Surely she had to see that it was for the best. I had done what was right by the twins and sent them to a place to be safe. "Caspian will make sure-" 

She leapt at me. The force of her attack came as a surprise. She rammed into me, knocking the air out of my lungs and sending me sprawling backwards on to the damp grass and her small fists crashed down over my face and shoulders. I didn't fight back , I just lay there and took it. 

If she needed to beat on me to realise the truth then I would let her. 

"Cassie." The curly haired woman called Yanna appeared , catching my mate up under the arms she heaved her off of me. Another woman hovered in the background. The Luna of this pack and now their leader. Scarlett. 

"Cassie, what are you doing? What happened?" Yanna looked from the two of us as Cassie collapsed sobbing in her arms. 

"My boys-" she continued to sob, loud gut wrenching sounds that ripped into me. The two women around me turned to face me in shock. Their faces masks of shock and anger.

"You took her children?" Scarlett asked in a hushed tone. 

Pushing myself up from the ground I drew myself up to my full height and straightened my shoulders. "I did what was best for my heirs. Caspian will-"

"How about doing what was best for your mate for once in your miserable life you asshole." Yanna spat , her dark eyes furious.

"Is Caspian-?" Cassie pushed her way out of her arms and looked around wildly. "Maybe I can catch up with him."

"They have gone, Cassie." Scarlett whispered and her voice was heartbroken. "Just the woman is left. I can take you to her. I'm sure she knows where they have gone."

Cassie froze and then slowly turned to me. There was something unreadable in her face. 

"I'm sure she does." She finally said. "But no." Cassie shook her head, her wet hair slapping against her cheeks.

I let out a sigh of relief. She was finally ready to try and understand. "I knew you would understand -" taking a step forward I reached for her. My fingers slipped against the back on one hand before she stepped away. "I don't understand. I don't and I never will understand why you sent my children away without even consulting me."

"They are my children as well." I retorted. She was being childish. Hysterical, if she would just calm down enough to listen then I could make her understand.

She stepped up to me, her face tilted upwards so she could glare into my face. "Yes but I am the one who gave birth to them. I am the one who has cared and loved them every day of their short lives. You have held them once." She stabbed me in the chest with her finger. "One time! And you thought you could make decisions about them without even talking to me. If you had talked to me then I might have agreed but you had to be what you always are."

My eyes narrowed. "And what is that exactly?"

"An asshole who thinks he can dictate what people do." She spat. 

"I'm your king and your husband so I kind of can." It was the wrong thing to say. The look on her face was murderous. At her side her fists clenched again.

But she didn't hit me.

"The fact that you are my king is the only reason I'm not leaving." She stepped away. "I will help you win this war because it's the right thing to do and when it's done you let me and the boys go-"

"No." I cut her off. Lashing out I caught her wrist and tried to pull her back to me. If I could just hold her I knew I would get her to calm down enough to listen. 

"Yes." Staring down at my hand wrapped around her slender wrist she took a deep breath and a cold sort of calm seemed to settle over her.  The air around us turned frosty. It was almost like she was changing the very weather around her. 

"No." I said again more forcefully this time. "Ladies can you give us some privacy?" I asked the others.

"Stay." Cassie snapped as they stepped away and both of them froze. 

"We need to talk."

"No we don't . You just need to listen for once and they can hear what I am about to say." She took a deep breath and her shoulders moved up and down.  "In fact I would like witnesses for what I am about to say to you."

Fear rippled through me. Deep inside my wolf whimpered, a sad pathetic sound as he crawled forward on his belly. We both knew what was coming. We knew what she was going to say , what she was going to ask of us.

"You are my mate Julian." Reaching upwards she pressed her lips to my cheek. Her lips were wet from her tears. I turned my head sharply , capturing her lips with mine before she moved her head away. 

"You are my husband and I love and care for you in my own way."

"I love you too. And it will be alright." Cupping her cheek I tried to bring our mouths back together. Kissing her would make it all better. 

"I will help you win back your throne but I don't want to be your queen or your Luna. I don't even want to be your wife. The day you sit on that throne as king, you let me go. You have to reject me Julian."

"You are my-"

She cut me off. "Take Megan as your mate Julian. You have always chosen her over me anyway."
###chapter 143
Cassie

"Are you sure you are ready for this?" By my side Scarlett kept glancing at me. She was worried, Yanna was worried, Ian was worried. Everyone and their dog was worried about my mental health and honestly I was as well. Not because I was falling apart inside, that had been yesterday. This morning I woke up and felt- nothing.

I was empty inside. Like when my children had been taken from me, my heart and soul had gone with them. And maybe that was for the best. Maybe feeling nothing was better than feeling everything.

"Yes." I forced my lips upwards in a smile that didn't reach my eyes. 

Scarlett nodded her head as she led me towards the infirmary. But I could tell by her face that she didn't believe a word of it. Everyone thought I should be in a sobbing ball of snot in the corner and that's exactly what I wanted to be but what good would that do? It wouldn't get me back to my children any quicker.

They were safe. I had to believe that and that was the most important thing. 

That was what I had to concentrate on.

And keeping busy would help that.

The moment I stepped into the infirmary and smelt the familiar smell of disinfectant and all things sterile I let out a sigh of relief. Glancing around I felt my shoulders relax. This was where I was most at home. Being a doctor was all I had ever wanted to be. My entire life I had worked and trained for this.

Shoving up my sleeves, I pulled on a plastic apron over my clothes. It wasn't scrubs but this wasn't a hospital so I knew I would have limited supplies.

My relief was short lived though. Looking around I frowned. "These are all -" I swallowed hard as I turned back to Scarlett. "Has there been an attack?" I asked. Either her wolves were silly clumsy or there had been because I was seeing a lot of bloody open wounds. Teeth and claw marks. Stab wounds. At least there were no bullet holes that I could see. Scarlett's infirmary was not equipped for that kind of surgery.

"Late last night." She admitted after a moments hesitation. 

"Duncan?" I moved towards the first bed. I was well versed in talking and working and I wanted to appraise everyone before I started any treatment. 

Triage , I had missed it.

"Don't know." I saw Scarlett shrug. "I guess at this point it doesn't matter. We are an island in a sea of enemies. They took us by surprise. If it wasn't for Julian and Ian then we would have come off a lot worse than this." She fell silent.

"Julian was-" I shouldn't care but I did. I hated that my heart still lurched at the thought of him being in harms way.

"He's fine. I think he's doing the same as you and just trying to keep busy." Reaching out she touched my arm and drew my attention back to her. "You two really need to learn how to communicate better."

I knew that, I really did but talking was not where me and Julian shone. Fighting and fucking? We excelled at that. A small smile tugged at the corner of my mouth. I quickly shook it away. I couldn't let myself start to soften around him. I had to stay strong. 

"I'm going to get to work."

It was amazing how quickly I got back into the swing of things. I worked quickly.

This was what I was good at. 

This was where I thrived. 

I was a good mum as well and I would be a good mum again when this was all over.

A pang of hurt twinged in my chest. I missed them. My breasts were heavy with milk. Subconsciously I rubbed over my heart. I was going to have to do something about my milk supply before things got painful.

Go to them, a small internal voice whispered. Go and be with your children. This isn't your fight. You could be happy with the Lycans. 

Except this was my fight.

I looked around. These were my people so this was my fight as much as there.

The doors to the infirmary smashed open. 

"Cassie." Julian's voice was strangled. 

He stood there , wet with blood and in his arms was a woman. Her stomach hugely swollen. For a second I stared at her and wondered why my husband was carrying her into the infirmary and then my eyes fixed on the blood that coated her entire lower half.

"We found her on the road. She's in labour." Ian appeared behind her. A small boy no more than two or three in his arms.

"This way." Tossing off my stained apron I quickly went to get a new pair of gloves. "Out of the way." I shoved them both out of the way. 

"Give me the boy." I heard Scarlett say. She took him easily. "He doesn't need to see this. Cassie?"

I didn't look up from the ashen face of my patient. Her eyes were closed. "Go," I told her. "I'll call if I need-" pressing my fingers to the woman's neck I waited and then waited some more. 

"Shit." Tears filled my eyes as I gazed up at Scarlett.

Her face fell. "Is she gone?"

I nodded. "I can try and save the baby-" try was the important word there because the woman was already cold. 

Scarlett nodded silently and then walked away. "Just do your best Cassie. Just try-"

"I'm going to have to cut her open and- I don't want to hurt her. I have no supplies for this sort of thing." The calmness of earlier had disappeared. I was fighting back tears.

"She won't feel it Cassie." Julian said quietly. "I don't think either of them will. They have gone."

"I can still try and save the baby."

"Then tell me where to cut."

I pointed drawing a line with my finger and turned away as he sliced into her stomach. "Cassie?"

"I'm fine." I lied. I had to pull myself together I had a job to do. Gritting my teeth I reached into the incision he had made. Pulling out the baby I stared down at it. 

There was nothing I could do here either. Nothing I could try. This baby , this perfectly formed angelic looking baby girl had died weeks ago. 

I sobbed. Shaking my head I placed the baby on her mothers lifeless chest and took a step back. Sucking in air like I was drowning.  

"I need , I need to close her up." 

"I can do that Cassie." Ian said softly. "Go and get some air." 

I didn't need air I needed my children. 

Turning on my heel I sprinted from the infirmary, dimly I was aware of Julian racing after me. His feet pounding on the wet ground. 

He caught me easily but then I wasn't running to get away from him, but from my own thoughts. And there was no getting away from those.

"Cassie stop."

Spinning I flung myself into his arms. "They died , her baby died." I went back to hysterical sobbing because again I could feel everything and it was shattering me.

Lifting me into his arms he cradled me. "I know Cassie but there was nothing you could have done for them." He pressed his lips to my hair. "Let's get you home."

I didn't argue with him. I wanted to go home. I wanted to cry until I couldn't cry anymore but not just for the mum and baby I had just lost but also for myself.

"Our babies are alive."

"Yes Cassie. Our sons are safe."

The pain of having them taken away from me was a knife wound in my chest but they were alive. My goodbye wasn't forever and that's what mattered the most
###chapter 144
Julian

Cassies sobs had ceased by the time I closed the door of her little home. In a way that was scarier than anything else. I could handle angry Cassie and crying Cassie but this broken silent Cassie? Nope. I didn't know what to do. 

Except run her a hot bath. That I could do. She was covered in a dead-

I shook the thought away. I wouldn't think of them. I would place their deaths in my bank of grieve later. Cassie needed me to be strong.

My people needed me to be strong. But my people would have to wait until Cassie was fine. 

"Julian." She whimpered. "I feel like I'm falling." 

I tightened my grip on her. "If you fall I will catch you Cassie." I walked towards the bathroom. Never breaking stride or loosening my grip on her. "I won't let you down ever again."

She didn't answer me but she did rest her cheek against my shoulder. Sitting her down on the closed toilet I expected her to cry out and grab at me but she remained as still as a statue. There was nothing on her face. No emotion, not even sadness. She was just empty.

Quickly I filled the tub.

"Let's get you out of these clothes Cassie." As gently as I could I pulled her to her feet. She just stood there as I stripped her off.  Not even when she was completely naked did she move. 

She was gone. She lived and breathed but the last few months had finally caught up with her. Something inside of her had broken with the deaths of that mother and child.

It had broken something in me as well. I just couldn't show it. 

"Tell me if the water is too hot or too cold." Picking her up, I placed her in the water. She didn't give any indication of anything.

She was just there.

"Cassie sweetheart." Kneeling down on the tile I pulled her face towards me. Cupping her cheeks. "I know you feel like your broken now. But our children are alive. They have a chance. I know you hate me."

She blinked once. The only sign that she was even hearing anything I said. 

"You can hate me. I can take it. But I'll take your hate over their deaths.  Hate me, scream at me. Beat on me if you need to but don't check out." I rubbed my fingers over her face. For months and months I had been without her. Knowing she was mine and carrying my babies and not being able to be with her and then later when we had been separated again. I would take her hate as long as I could see her everyday and make sure she was ok.

I just needed her to come back to herself. 

"Cassie?" I tried again and this time there was nothing.

She moved away from me. Bringing her knees up to her chin and wrapping her arms around them. She looked no where but straight ahead.

I sighed. I had lost her. I could feel the bond weakening. Like a great chasm had opened up between us. 

"Take whatever time you need Cassie, clean yourself and call me if you need me." I stood with a groan. I didn't want to leave but it was clear that she didn't want me anywhere near her. She blamed for everything that had happened and it was my fault. If she hadn't been my mate, If we hadn't of been forced to marry with no idea of who we were to each other then her life would have been so different.

Maybe the kindest thing to do would be to reject her like she had demanded. Maybe when this was all over I should set her free. Loving me had caused her nothing but grief.

"Don't leave me."

I froze in the doorway and turned to her in shock. "Cassie?"

"Please." She hadn't moved. She wasn't even looking at me but she was begging me to stay. 

"I'm falling and drowning. And I can't breathe Julian." Her voice was wretched. "I can't fucking breathe."

I was back at her side in an instant. Reaching for her. Smoothing my hands over her face and shoulders.  "I'm right here Cassie. I'm not leaving." 

If I had my way I would never leave her again. 

"I just can't seem to stop falling. I know I should be used to death but-"

"Then hold on to me, Cassie. Hold on to me for as hard as you can and don't let go." 

"I don't know how. I don't know how to keep on going. I'm meant to be strong. I'm a doctor. My mind is-"

"Precious. You are precious." Standing up I began to strip off my clothes. Leaving them in a messy pile on the floor I slipped into the hot water behind her. Pulling her back down against my chest.

"If you don't know how to hold on then let me hold you." I said against her hair. "Let me look after you."

"That could have been me."

I didn't need to ask who she meant. There had been so many things that could have gone wrong with her birth and the weeks after. A dozen or more ways I could have lost her or the boys.

"It wasn't. It wasn't you Cassie. Their deaths are unbelievably sad but it's not your fault."

"Why did I deserve-" She made a choking sound in the back of her throat. 

Cassie was feeling guilty. Not just with the deaths today but all of them. Everyone had sacrificed so much for us and it was catching up with her. 

"I've got you Cassie." Wrapping her up in my arms I fell silent. I couldn't answer any of her questions. There was nothing I could say that would take away the sadness and guilt she was feeling. All I could do was hold her.

Minutes ticked by and the water around us grew cold and she still didn't move.

"Julian." She said at last. 

"Yes my love." 

Cassies sigh was loud. "Can we talk? Really talk?"

"Yes." I nodded into her shoulder. "I think it's about time we did actually."

So that's what we did. For the first time since we had married, we talked. We talked until the water went icy and then we talked wrapped in blankets on the sofa. Our arms around each other.

And it was good. 

Because now there were no secrets between us.
###chapter 145
Julian

I woke up first. The dim light trailing through the gap in the drapes to fall on our faces. It was the light that had woken me up. And if I wasn't careful it would wake her up as well.

Sifting Cassie from my place resting against my shoulder, I settled her carefully back down. My thumb smoothing across her soft cheek. 

I felt closer to her than ever before. Talking last night, without any other motive but to try and understand her , had done something to our dynamic. 

What we had between us wasn't just physical. That had always been there. Mixed in with the fact that we felt we hated each other. 

No, that wasn't right. I had never hated Cassie. I had just got mixed up with what I was feeling. The spell, or whatever had been put on us had jumbled up our feelings until I thought it was hate.

How could I hate something so perfect for me? Cassie was strong, a warrior and a healer.  She was far to good for me and we both knew it. 

I had been nothing but monsterous to her from the time we first met again as adults. I had treated her abhorrently. Taking my pleasure from her and losing myself in her softness one second and the next taking my anger out on her the next. Even now when I knew who she was because I felt it in the tightening of my chest every time she was out of sight I had still taken something from her. Our children. 

She had been the one to bring my boys into the world. She had given birth  in not ideal circumstances and then fed and kept them safe for  months.

And what had I done? 

I had sent them away. 

Yes it was to protect them and I knew Cassie knew that deep down but the pain it had caused her had been immense.

And yet she had forgiven me anyway. I didn't know if that made her a fool or amazing. I wouldn't have forgiven her if she had done that without talking to me first. 

But then I wasn't a good person like she was.

Lost in thought, I didn't notice that her eyes had fluttered open.

Glancing down at her face, our eyes locked.

"Good morning." She said softly and my fingers slowed on her cheek. Cupping it instead. Reaching down I pressed my lips to hers. 

"Good morning." Pulling away slightly, I smiled. "How are you feeling?"

Cassie's eyes darted around for a second, almost like she was taking stock of her body and then she gave a small shrug. "Like I've been crying all night." She said finally. 

"Well-" I began to say because there had been a lot of tears last night. 

"But I feel lighter." She smiled back up at me and my heart lurched. 

Last night, after the death of the young mother on her table I had thought I had lost her. Even after we had talked for hours , I could still see the distance in her eyes. It was still there a little bit but life was back in her eyes. She no longer looked like a broken dead eyed doll. 

It filled me with hope to see her eyes shining again.

"I'm sorry about last night." Cassie's voice dropped to a whisper. "I didn't mean to get hysterical."

Using both hands I cupped her cheeks in my hands and drew our mouths together. "After everything you have gone through I think you held it together remarkably well." I meant it as a compliment but her eyes shifted away.

"I didn't. I'm a doctor. That's what I do. I heal and help people and I couldn't help that woman and her baby. I let my own feelings of loss interfere with what I knew I needed to do."

Cassie moved from beneath my hands and instantly I reached for her again. I didn't like the way she was talking. Mostly because it felt like she was moving away from me again. 

I needed her to know that she wasn't alone and that we would get through this together.

Easily she slipped from under my hands and stood up. Stretching her arms above her head. The sight of her body bathed in the early morning light made my heart beat hard against my chest. My body thrummed with the need to be close to her.

"Where are you going?" Easily I snagged her wrist as she tried to walk away. I wrapped my arms around her knees. Pressing my face into her thighs. "I thought we could stay here and talk some more."

"We can-" she untangled herself. "Later. Right now we both have jobs to do." Her eyes bored down on mine.

There was so much strength in them. 

Goddess she was so much stronger than me.

"I think my only job right now is to be with you." I said softly. 

"We can't sit around Julian." She said firmly. "There is so much to do."

"I don't like the idea of you treating the packs sick and wounded Cassie. You're my queen. Slaving away for people-"

Bending down she silenced me with her lips. Taking my breath away. "Serving the people is exactly my job as queen. I'm a doctor before anything else. It's what I live for. And anyway," her eyes skirted away. "I need to speak to Scarlett about some things. We should get showered and ready for the day. I don't want to waste any time."

My cock throbbed at the idea of showering with her. Of having her wet and soapy body pressed against mine as the hot water poured down on us.

"And you have things to do as well Julian." She reminded me and any thought of eating her out in the shower evaporated when I looked into her face.

"Do I?"

She rolled her pretty eyes at me. "Yes." She said simply. "You need to figure out how you are going to regain your crown and your kingdom."
146
Cassie

I could still taste Julian's lips on me from the kiss he had given me before departing to go and look for goddess knew who. He had been talking about a war council the entire walk down the hill but honestly I had barely been listening.

What did I know about war? What did I ever want to know? I had seen more than enough death to last me a lifetime but I knew that there was plenty more to come. There had to be. No one ever defeated a dictator by being nice. Julian would have to be ruthless and I would see the casualties on my operating table. Some I would be able to save and some , like the woman last night I wouldn't.

I might not like it but it was my reality now.

Taking a deep breath I steadied myself before pushing open the door to the infirmary. The first thing I noticed was the smell of blood and sweat. It didn't smell like a hospital which always smelt sterile. I missed that. The cleanliness of it.

"Good morning your highness." A young man with flaming red hair stepped forward. "I didn't expect to see you today."

I wanted to scream at him not to use that word around me. I wasn't your highness I was just Cassie. If he wanted to give me a title then doctor would do. It was a title I was more comfortable with. 

"Where is everyone?"

His eyes shifted around and a line appeared between his eyebrows. Marring his perfectly smooth face.

"I don't actually know your highness. There's a few healers here but I haven't seen alpha Scarlett since last night when she asked me to stand guard." Turning to me with a rueful smile, he looked directly into my eyes, realised what he had done and quickly looked away again.

I sighed. "You can look at me you know. I'm not the goddess. I am just-"

"A queen?" He added quietly and I laughed before I could help it. 

"A doctor. I'm just as uncomfortable as you are with the queen title." Reaching out I patted his forearm. It wasn't muscled. It was the arm of a boy not a man. 

"I've just never been around royalty-"

I shook my head, my eyes sparking in anger. "I'm just a doctor. You can call me Cassie."

Panic settled over his young features. "I couldn't."

Shaking my head I moved around him to check on the neatest patient who was sleeping peacefully. Everyone was sleeping or laying awake quietly. Everything seemed to be in order.

There was nothing pressing for me to do here. Sighing I turned back to him. "Call me doctor then. And what is your name?" 

For a second he looked shocked that I would ask him and then his face broke into a wide smile. "Kip, your-" his lips twisted. "My name is Kip Doctor Cassie." Pursing his lips he blew out a breath. "Goddess it feels strange calling you that. My Ma would have my fur if she ever heard me calling a queen by first name." He muttered.

Laughing I threw my head back. "How old are you Kip?" 

His laughter which had bubbled up with mine died down and a shadow fell across his face. "I am old enough. I can fight better than-"

Again I touched his arm. "I was not saying you are a child." Although he looked like one ,I added silently. "You look more than capable of doing the job your alpha has given you."

Alpha Scarlett had a nice ring to it. And I was glad her pack had given her that title. Most women, even ones who had more alpha powers than their mates were never given it. They were lunas.

Maybe this was the start of something new. It was about time that the wolves stepped into the present, instead of living in the past. 

Centuries we had lived like that. Maybe when Julian took his crown back things could be different. They needed to be.

"Do you know where Scarlett is?"

"I think she is at the burial place. It's the alphas job to be there. She will need to speak." He muttered and the tone of his voice told me I should know this.

Truth was I wasn't familiar with many country wolf customs at all. I had grown up in the city. Gone to school and college and later university with a mixture of shifter and humans.

Really I acted more human than shifter. I hadn't grown up in a small pack that had been an extended family. I had grown up separate.

"Can you tell me where that is. I would like to show my respect and-"

He shook his head. "You will never find it alone Doctor. It's one of our sacred places."

"Would I not be welcome?"

"Of course you would be welcome." He added quickly. "It's just - I'll see if someone can take you." He looked around wildly like he half expected to materialise out of the air in front of us.

"Can't you take me?"

"Me?" He sounded shocked.

I smiled indulgently. "Unless you think you are needed here?" I glanced around the quiet infirmary. "I would appreciate it if you could Kip. I don't know many people here and I will need someone to show me around and tell me what is what?"

His young face lit up from within. "You need me to- it would be my pleasure your majesty." He went back to the title so quickly and I bit back a retort. "I don't know if I'm who your husband would have chosen to be your guide though." He added thoughtfully. "I am not a seasoned warrior or a bodyguard." Doubt flickered into his eyes.

"Let me deal with the king. I'll make him understand. There is no one I would prefer to show me around and watch my back."

"Then it would be my honour your majesty-"

I cut him off. "You have to call me Cassie now." I commanded. 

"Well I'll try." He cracked the first genuine grin I had seen on his face since we had met. "I promise I won't let you down."

"You won't." I nodded my head. I knew I had just made his day and I knew he would try his best to protect me but that's not the reason I had asked him. He was so young and I didn't want that young body broken in the war to come.

He might think he would be able to protect me but in reality I had just given him my silent promise that I would protect him.
###chapter 147
Cassie 

I stood by quietly at the grave side of the mother who had lost her life only last night. I didn't  want to draw attention to myself so I kept back. With my new shadow Kip hovering at my side. He was a talkative boy and had chatted my ear off on the walk down here but he was quiet now. Out of the corner of my eye I saw tears drip down his cheeks.

Catching my stare he wiped at them angrily. 

"Did you know her?" I whispered out of the corner of my mouth so I didn't interrupt Scarlett who was talking softly. A small figure in her arms. 

I had forgotten that the unnamed woman had already had a child. 

"Was she family?" I asked hopefully. The little figure in Scarlett's arms had just lost their mother. They would need family around them. And Kip seemed like a good person. Not that I thought he was old enough to take on the care of a pup but from what he had said about his mother then his family were great people as well. 

That little one was going to need great people.

He shook his head , his eyes darting away from the grave as a bundled in white sheets figure was lowered gently into it. "No , not by blood. But she's pack." He whispered. "So I guess that makes Arianna extended family."

I swallowed hard. It made her feel more real now I knew her name. "Arianna?" I muttered and felt my chest tighten. "What was she like?"

I knew asking was dangeous. I couldn't let my thoughts dwell on her life when there was so many other things I needed to concentrate on but it seemed to be importing.

"I don't really know. I know she lost her husband a few months ago. She kept herself to herself. Loved her family and was loyal but I didn't really know her. Sorry your highness." His lips twisted. "I mean Cassie. I can ask around for you."

"Thank you. I just want to make sure her pup is with family and looked after." I turned my attention back to Scarlett and the others who were all bowing their heads over the open grave.

"He doesn't have any family. Just Arianna."

My eyes snapped towards him. "Are you kidding?"

He shook his head grimly. "Not that I know of anyway. But I can ask-"

I cut him off. Turning to him so I could search his face and see if he was lying.

"What will happen to him?" I asked quietly when I could see no lie.

Kip looked uncomfortable. "I don't know. There's normally family but in this situation." He trailed off. "I don't know but we will have to figure something out because there's going to be more pups like him in the coming days, isn't there?"

He was looking at me so hopefully. Like he expected me to tell him he was being silly. But I wasn't going to lie to him.

"Yes probably." I said quietly and fell silent as wolves began to file passed us. All of them looked shell shocked,  but I couldn't see any tears on their faces. They had come to pay their respects and not because they knew and missed her. 

Finally Scarlett stepped up to us. "Cassie." She inclined her head. And I nodded back to her.

Two leaders greeting each other.

"I didn't expect to see you here." Her eyes searched my face. "You didn't need to come down. We can manage in the infirmary and you need some time after everything-"

"I'm fine and I wanted to pay my respects." Reaching out I touched the little boys curls. They were silky under my fingers. And they made me miss my own boys more than anything. 

"How is he doing?" I asked quietly.

Scarlett shook her head. "He won't speak but he's ok I think. He managed to sleep a little and let me give him a bath." She tightened her grip on him and my eyes widened as an idea started to form.

Kip had been right, there was going to be so many children who would be left as orphans. Pups with no one to love and protect them.

"He won't let me put him down though."

"He needs you." I said quietly. "And I think you need him as well."

Scarlett's eyes widened. "I don't mind looking after him until his wider family has been found."

"He doesn't have family.  Kip told me that his father died months ago."

Pain rippled across Scarlett's face. "Yes I remember. But that doesn't mean he won't have-"

"I think the goddess has given him to you." I said in a quiet whisper and her eyes widened even more.

"Me?"

"Yes Scarlett. He needs you and you need him. This is your chance to be a mother."

She shook her head but I noticed her arms tightened around the small body. "It's not our way. I couldn't," 

She wanted to though I could see it in her eyes.

"Adoption is a normal thing in the human world." I pointed out. "It doesn't always run smoothly but sometimes it works perfectly and we are a people with so many couples that are childless." I continued. "Soon we will have children's without parents and family to love them. If we can just bring them together-" I trailed off.

"I don't know if anyone would agree. There would be so much to arrange. Checks and even if the king agreed-"

"He will agree. I'll make him see how great an idea it is." I said firmly. 

It was time for the wolves to step out of the dark ages and into a modern society. The fact that Scarlett was now alpha was a start but looking after our young pups was another one. 

It wasn't a huge start to things changing but it was a start.

"What if no one comes forward?"

I stared at her. She had lost her baby and that baby had lost its mother. It was the perfect solution. 

"They will." I said firmly. "When they see their alpha doing it. They will all want to help."
###chapter 148
Julian 

"Cassie has just arrived." Next to me Ian whispered but he didn't need to have bothered. The moment she stepped into the building I knew she was close. My wolf had lifted his head and let out a small howl. Calling her closer to me. 

Lifting my head from the papers strewn across the table around me I smiled as she stepped into the room. Scarlett right behind her, carrying a child who seemed to cling to  her like some kind of monkey.

I waited until Cassie returned my smile before I cleared my throat. Everyone around this table was someone important. A warrior, a leader. The highest ranking individuals of Scarlett's pack but I had been putting off starting this meeting until Cassie had arrived.

Her smile was forced but her eyes were soft as she took a seat at the far end of the table.

"Now everyone is here , we can start."

An elderly man to my left frowned. "This is a war council, is it not?"

"It is-" I glanced up at  Ian. Who stared at the man until the elder lowered his eyes to the table and grew still.

"Hallen." Ian said quietly but his voice shook with anger. "He is head of alpha Scarlett's council."

I nodded my head. "Yes this is a war council Hallen."

"Then the women should leave." He didn't even try and and mute the anger in his voice. 

Old fart was getting on my nerves and I was having difficulty in not letting it show on my face.

"I don't understand what you mean?" I said evenly.

This time he turned his head towards the women. "They don't belong here. It's a place for men to discuss strategy." He shook his head. "No offence meant queen Cassie and luna-"

"Alpha." Cassie said sharply and my eyebrows shot up into my hairline. Behind me I felt Ian bristle. 

"I beg-" Hallen began to say. Tripping over his own tongue. "I didn't mean any offence your majesty."

"And yet I have taken offence." She said in her quiet angry voice. Turning my head I grinned up at Ian. Who was staring at my wife like a proud father.  I guess in a way I was proud as well that she wasn't afraid of saying what she thought but most of all I was relieved that her displeasure was aimed at someone else for once.

"You will give us the titles and respect we deserve." Cassie looked him right in the face.

"I did. I mean I thought I did. It's just-"

Again she cut him off. "Scarlett included." She snapped.

"Luna." He bowed his head in mock submission. It was the wrong thing to say. Cassie was out of her chair so quickly she seemed to fly towards him. Her hand closed around his throat.  Not cutting off his airway but threatening to.

"Her title is alpha."

My eyebrows lifted even more. Behind me Ian chuckled. "Oh she's angry angry. Poor man."

I didn't think he was a poor man at all. I thought he was getting just what he deserved.

"We have never had a female alpha. She is Luna." He croaked. "My king, please control your woman."

Laughter burst from my lips. Like a man as weak as me could ever control a fire cracker like Cassie. She would have my balls if I tried. Leaning back in my chair I found Scarlett's eyes. 

"I think my queen has everything under control actually." I chuckled. "And as for Scarlett's position in this pack. Scarlett were you born here? Or did you come after your mating ceremony?"

"Why is that important your highness?" Hallen spluttered.

Ignoring him I waited for Scarlett to answer me.

"I was the only daughter of the alpha and Luna of this pack your highness." She said quietly.

"So this is your pack." I nodded my head. "You are alpha. And you are free to retire any of your council members who you don't think will work for you and your interests."

Scarlett's eyes widened and then she shook her head. "Hallen and his family have served mine for generations. If he can follow a woman then-"

"I can alpha. Forgive me."

"Cassie my love I think you can let go of him now."

I chuckled. She stood up but continued to glare at him. Her full lips thinned.

"I don't trust him." She muttered. "I'll be watching you closely."

I caught her wrist before she could disappear to the other end of the table again, pulling her onto my lap. Instantly I felt better with her weight against me. Closing my arms around her I let my chin fall onto her shoulder. Letting her sweet smelling hair tickle my senses.

"So does anyone have any ideas of how we can send word to the wolves that will be loyal to us?" I asked getting back to the matter at hand now my wife had flexed her claws a little.

"It's not just the battle we have to discuss. I want to talk to you about putting through an adoption program before we head into full out war." 

Twisting her on my lap I stared at her. Taking in the determined look on her face. "I think that's a great idea. Shall I leave that with you?"

She shook her head. "I think Scarlett would be the perfect person to be the figure head of it. She knows her pack and they love her. I think I would be of more use elsewhere."

My eyes narrowed. She was up to something. I could see her mind moving a million miles an hour.

"What are you thinking my love?" Reaching out I touched her silky hair, pushing it behind her ear so I could smooth my fingers down her soft cheek. 

"It's just an idea."

"Tell me."

"We can't know for sure who to trust within our own people.  But that doesn't mean we can't gather our allies. We know the Lycans are but there are other shifter communities." Her eyes turned up to stare at Ian. "I think we should go and ask the cat shifters for help." She said quietly. "We can start with Yannas people."
###chapter 149
Cassie

The table and the people around it erupted into chaos. I may as well have suggested we cut off Julian's head and given it to Duncan the way they acted.

Even Julian himself murmured something under his breath. It was Ian that didn't say a word. His face was completely impassive. Almost like he was made from carved marble. I couldn't get a read on what he was thinking. 

"You can't be serious." Someone said from the end of the table. The growl rumbling from his chest making it hard to make sense of his words. "The cats are our enemy. Once upon a time we would wipe them out just for being near our land. They are lucky we even let them live."

Ian finally moved, shifting from one foot to another. He didn't say anything but at his sides his fingers flexed into his palm.

"Well." I called out above the hubbub. "Things have changed. Our enemy is our own kind now. That's who we are fighting again. Other wolves. You can stay in the past and die or step into the future."

More uproar. More than one set of eyes glared at me.

"I think the queen has a good point." Julian said finally. And the crowd went quiet when he spoke. "Maybe not with the cats because old hatred are hard to kill but with the others-"

I snarled at him. It hadn't gone unnoticed by me that the others had gone quiet when he spoke. They gave him respect where I got none. That was kind of to be expected because he was king , what wasn't expected was his total disregard to what I was saying. My idea was a good one, and he knew it.

Plus the cats weren't our enemy. Old hatred's didn't die because we kept fueling them.

Sighing I looked around the table and like Ian my hands curled into fists. 

"I think Cassie is right." Scarlett said softly and like they had with me. The men around this table spoke over her. 

Respect.

We had none from the men here. 

"Maybe we can -" Julian was talking more loudly than anyone else. His voice booming out. His eyes were excited. 

"The cats-" I tried to cut in and again I was ignored. My patience snapped. Standing up suddenly, I half expected Julian to grab me back down and ask where I was going but one look at his face and I knew he hadn't even noticed I was gone.  The king was too busy playing war games for that to happen.

Shaking my head I walked away. I would let him do what he needed to but I would do what I needed to do. I wanted my children back under any circumstances. And if that meant I had to make moves on my own then so be it.

I would need help though. 

Pushing out of the carved wooden door I lifted my face to the cold breeze.

"What's the plan?" Ian said from my shoulder. He moved around me. So we were face to face and Scarlett took his place behind me. 

I turned to her in shock. "We make our own plans." I said as I stared between the two of them.

"You're going against the king?" Scarlett whispered , her eyes growing saucer round as she gazed back into my face.

I wrapped my arms around myself. Shivering as the wind picked up. "I've never been the type to do what he told me to do anyway." I shrugged. "And I'm not working against him. I'm doing what is best for him and the kingdom. But I understand if you don't want any part of it Scarlett. Your pack is in uproar as it is and-"

She flung up her hand. "Oh I'm in one hundred percent." She laughed. "I just needed to say it out loud and as for my," her eyes narrowed and darkened. "Pack. I think there needs to be some changes to my council." Her eyes met mine. "I think there needs to be changing to everything. The way he-"

I waved her words away. I knew what she was going to say. "I know. And believe me I will be talking to him about it later. But for now we have more important things to worry about." Turning to Ian I nodded my head to him. "I am sorry that your oldest friend is so full of hatred towards your mate Ian. I love Yanna like a sister and I hate to ask but."

"You want me to leave Julian and go and beg the panthers for help?" His voice was guarded. And I could clearly see the uncertainty in his eyes. It was a new look on him.

Ian was always so sure of himself. He knew his own mind better than anyone else I had ever met.

"I can't leave Julian now. He's got enemies in every direction and my job is-"

"No." I kept my voice low , cutting him off."I am asking for something worse than that."

"Yanna." Usually when he said his mates name, his face came alive. Now I watched it as it crumbled. "You want me to get Yanna involved."

"I wouldn't ask if it wasn't important." I whispered. "I wouldn't want her in harms way." I added as his eyes narrowed into slits.

Then he shook his head. "I could say no but she would kick my wolf ass." He chuckled. "She wants to help Cassie. Just tell me what you need her to do."

"Speak to the other Cat clans. Be our ambassador. We need the other shifters-"

"You need the other shifters for what?" Julian's arms wrapped around my waist and he drew me into him. I stiffened for a second before the warmth of his body forced me to relax.

Even when I was furious with him I melted against him.

"It's nothing." I said quickly. "We just came out here to discuss less important things. I didn't think it was a good idea to keep interrupting your very important manly meeting with our trivial matters." I lied sweetly but my voice dropped with sarcasm.

Julian's eyes widened in shock, his jaw clenched and then with a smile he relaxed. "I think it's a great way to keep yourself busy. The adoption program."

I fought back the urge to roll my eyes. Of course he thought that was a trivial female matter. My husband was a pig sometimes. 

"Yeah. We are going to have a few meetings and start to get things moving."

Scarlett shifted the weight of the toddler she was carrying. He looked to be asleep now which was good. It was great that he felt safe in her arms.

"And why is Ian out here?"

I scrambled to think of a reason and failed.

"Cassie was asking him to train me up." Kip stepped forward with a bow. I frowned. I hadn't even noticed that he had followed us out. "It's a pleasure to meet you , your highness. I'm Kip. The queen has asked me to be her bodyguard."
###chapter 150
Julian 

Cassie was quiet. Quiet and polite and I knew something was wrong. It wasn't like her to be so secretive. Only in a way it was because once she had been so secretive that she had run away from me for months on end. 

It was the quietness that did it. It made me nervous. I could handle her when she was raging at me. In fact I preferred it. At least when she was ranting and raging at me it meant there was something we could sort out. This polite cold shoulder meant she was hiding something from me.

"You don't need to cook for me you know?" I said softly as I moved towards her. Everyone knew, Cassie included that she wasn't the best cook in the world. Moving behind her I wrapped my arms around her waist and let my chin rest on the top of her head. "I already ate down with the other council members. It was great. You should have-"

She stiffened in my arms, her back rigid. The wooden spoon in her hand dropped into the thick red sauce she was stirring.

"I see." Two words but they were laden with anger. 

"I should have told you." I rubbed my chin back and forth across the top of her head. Making her hair stick up. "Shall I go and get you something-" 

Cassie stepped back. Right onto my foot and I let her go. My arms dropped to my side. I waited for her to turn to me and start yelling. Cassie wasn't usually so shy about telling me what was the matter and it was clear I had done something to piss her off.

"What have I done?" I asked when she didn't turn around. The set in her shoulders were still the same. And the way she was aggressively stiring the sauce like she would quite happily use that heavy wooden spoon and bop me over the head with it.

Which would have been better than this icy silent treatment.

"Nothing." Cassie snapped out of the corner of her mouth. "Nothing at all."

That was a lie and we both knew it. 

"I'm sorry if I ate down with the pack. I just didn't want you to wait on me. That's not your job." I mumbled.

"Move please." Not letting me time to move out of her way; she took the pan and dumped it into the sink. Red sauce splattering everywhere.

"Cassie."

Whirling around she threw up a hand to silence me. "Just stop Julian. You didn't eat down there because it was better for me. You ate down there because you completely forgot about me. " Wiping her hands down her jeans she padded across the room and headed towards the front of the house.

"Don't stay up. " she called back over her shoulder as she shrugged into her coat.  "I won't be back until late."

I was across the room and at her side in an instant. My hand closed around her wrist to stop her opening the front door and leaving me. 

"Where are you going?" This time there was anger in my voice as well. A growl that made it deeper and more gruff. "Cassie-" I let my teeth show. "Where are you going?"

She turned to me slowly. Her own lips pulled back. "Let go of me."

I shook my head. "No. I know the look on your face. You're up to something and it's something I won't agree with."

Rolling her hand she snatched her arm away, glaring at me. "I'm going out." She snapped back.

"Where? Who with? This young pup Kip?" My voice shook.

Throwing back her head Cassie laughed. "You're jealous of a boy. You are the big all important king. Come on now Julian." She rolled her eyes. "I don't owe you an explanation as to where I am going or who I am with."

"You are my wife."

More laughter filled my ears. "I am your wife Julian." Turning into me she placed both of her hands on my chest. "And I am your queen. A fact that seemed to slip your mind today at the meeting. You and the other old stuck in their ways council members did not want to listen. It was like because we are women then our ideas are useless."

"That is not what I meant at all. You are twisting things. You and Scarlett just don't have the experience in these matters." The moment I said it I knew it was the wrong thing to say. Cassies face closed down completely. The angry light went out of her eyes and a small sardonic smile pulled at the corners of her lips. Making them thinner than usual.

"No we don't. You are right about that." Cassie said quietly. "And that's why I am leaving now."

"You haven't told me where you are going or when you will be back. I'm not trying to control you but I can't protect you if I don't know."

"You haven't known where I was all day and it wasn't a problem then." She pointed out and I bristled. Mostly because she was right. I had known deep down she was safe because she was with Ian.

"You were with Ian and-"

She cut me off. "I'll be with Ian again tonight. Ian and Scarlett and young Kip. We are going to put together a task force about the orphan  adoption thing." She lifted her eyes to me unblinking. "And then we are going to train."

My eyes narrowed. "Train?" My eyebrows shot up.

"Yes Julian Train. I am not the only woman in this pack that needs to learn how to defend herself. So we are setting up classes for those who want to take them."

"Cassie." I warned.

"I refuse to be weak. I want my children back and to do that I need to be strong. I need to learn how to fight."

"You are not weak." I had never meant anything more in my life. "And if you want to train then I will teach you."

She reached up on her tiptoes and kissed my cheek.  "You have more important things to concentrate on. I will try not to be late but don't wait up."

I watched powerless as she walked away and didn't look back. Everything she had said made perfect sense. She had even kissed me so why did it feel like I was watching her walk out of my life.

Lifting my hand I ran my fingers through my hair. Goddess women were confusing.
###chapter 151
Cassie

Sweat beaded my brow as Scarlett again used my weight against me and sent me sprawling onto my back on the thick mats.

I stared at her for a second, seeing her smiling face light up in triumph before she reached down and heaved me to my feet. I took her help gratefully.

"I think you have me at a disadvantage." I pointed out , rolling my shoulders until they made a clicking sound and went back into the right position.

"How so?" From the edge of the mat Ian asked. His eyebrows low over his eyes as he stared at us.

"She's a dancer , she's quick on her feet. And -" I shrugged. "I'm making excuses." I added lamely. Laughter met my admission and Ian nodded.

"You have what you need to take her down , you just think too much-" he trailed off as the door to the small training area opened and a bedraggled red faced Kip stumbled in. Blowing out a breath , he bent over and with his hands on his knees heaved.

Ian's eyes flicked to him and then back to me. "You think too much and he-" he head jerked. "Doesn't think enough. I don't know what you were thinking making him your protector." He added and not quietly.

Straightening, I turned to the young man. "I see something in him. He kind of reminds me of you." I hid a smile as Ian bristled. "I think with the right training he might be as lethal as you."

Ian's brow furrowed. "With my training he might stay alive. But I'm not promising that. And talking about training where does Julian think you are?" His eyes narrowed.

"Training." I said sweetly. "Because that's what I'm doing."

"And he believes that?" Ian asked and all eyes turned to me. "It's been over a week and -"

"I am here." I pointed out. "And I am training. If he shows up then here I am." I held my sweaty arms out wide. "He doesn't need to know the rest."

"You're playing a dangerous game Cassie."

"I don't think so. Julian is sometimes too stuck in his ways. We need the other shifters."

"I know." Ian's eyes skirted away. His shoulders hunched for a second before falling when he sighed. "I heard from Yanna this morning?"

"You did?" My ears perked up. "What did she say? Tell me everything?"

A pink tint coloured his cheeks. "Well I'm not going to tell you everything." He stressed. "But her father has been talking and we might be getting somewhere."

"Somewhere with what?"

All of us turned in shock to find Julian there. Lounging against the open door just behind Kip. Who was still wheezing.

"Remind me to never put your protector on watch duty ever again Cassie." Ian muttered under his breath. His lips twitching.

"So what are you three talking about?" Striding into the room Julian came to stand at the edge of the mat. "What is getting somewhere?" He met each of our eyes in turn. I was the first one to look away.

"Cassie is." Ian said smoothly and I blinked up at him in surprise. It scared me sometimes how good a liar he was. 

Julian's eyebrows shot up. "She is?"

I wanted to elbow him for the surprise in his voice. Sensing the tension, he looped his arm around my waist. "Not that I'm surprised." He added quickly. "She's my little fighter. Why don't you show me what you have been learning?"

I paled under the sweat and again Ian came to my rescue. "She's just fought. Why don't I show you how her young protector is coming along first. Kip." He barked out an order and the young man came towards us reluctantly. His head hanging low from the ten mile run in the rain Ian had just made him do for insubordination.

I hid my smile under my hand as he groaned stepping onto the mat. I knew he didn't want to fight Ian because he would get his ass kicked but he wasn't about to say anything either. Kip had my back. 

Stepping back we went to stand against the wall and the entire time Julian's arm stayed around my waist. I watched as Ian lunged and Kip fell for it just like I always did.

The fight was over pretty quickly but I knew they were dragging it out for my benefit. I had come a long way since we had started training and carrying on our secret meetings every day but I still had a long way to go and Julian would notice. 

The bout came to an end suddenly when Kip got his shoulder under Ian and flipped him. Scarlett gasped and my mouth opened in shock.

"Well that was unexpected." Ian chuckled. He tapped the mat and Kip jumped to his feet. His young face beaming with pride. "Well done Kip." Climbing up after him , he clapped the younger man on the shoulder harder than was expected.

"Well done indeed." Julian clapped hard. "Cassie seems to have chosen well."

Kip grinned and I grinned right back at him. I knew I had been right. There was something about him.

"You're all full of surprises aren't you." Julian continued and turning to me. My smile faded, my heart sank. "Now why don't you show me what you're made of?"

"She would your highness. But the last match she hurt my ribs pretty bad." Scarlett made a pained look as she held her ribs theatrically. 

Julian reached out and brushed my hair behind my ear. "I'm sure my wife would be happy to show me what's she made of."

I stared at him open mouthed. He couldn't be serious? Could he? "You want to fight me?" I whispered, sending an imploring look at Ian who shrugged.

"Unless you don't think you can take me?" Julian goaded me. "I can go easy on you?"

"Go kick his ass Cassie." Ian laughed. And I looked between the two of them bewildered. I was no way ready to fight my husband. He would wipe the floor with me in three seconds flat.  

"You're the only one of us who can." He nodded his head. "Trust your instincts." He added.

Taking a deep breath I nodded and stepped on to the mat.

Fuck
###chapter 152
Julian 

She was nervous and she had every right to be. I had been training in sparring matches like this my entire life.  I was good so there was no way I was going to try and give it my all. 

Honestly I just wanted to be close to her for a little while, she had been so distant recently. Always coming away to train and have her little meetings. Even when she was next to me it felt like she was distancing herself from me.

Strange because things had been getting so much better between us since our talk. I had felt closer to her than ever before for a few hours anyway before she started pushing me away again.

Kicking off my shoes I met her in the middle of the mat, rolling my shoulders as I appraised her. Cassie looked nervous. She kept flicking her eyes towards Ian in a beseeching sort of way. Like he was going to step in and save her.

It was crazy to me that she thought she would need saving from me. I wasn't going to hurt her and she had to know that. I just wanted to see what she had learnt.

Out of the corner of my eye Ian shook her head, and she relaxed her shoulders, inhaling deeply through her nose to force her body to relax.

Smoothly she stepped to the left and I mirrored every movement she made, just waiting for her to make the first move. I could already tell she was a cautious fighter. 

I was as well. I liked to gauge my opponent's movements and style before I went in for the kill.

"Are we dancing or fighting Cassie?" I taunted her, a wide grin spreading across my face. Cassie was a hot headed woman and I expected her to launch herself into an attack, but surprisingly she didn't. She rolled her shoulders again almost like they were stiff or injured and let her eyes wander down my body. Lingering a little too long on my left knee.

My grin grew. That's where she would attack first. She had looked me over and thought if she could take my knee out then I would go down. And in any other circumstance she would have been right but I knew her game now.

She took a step forward, her foot lifting and inch off the mat and I spiralled away. Light on my feet as I sidestepped her kick and lunged towards her. My arms outstretched to grab her.

Only she wasn't there.

Someone behind me laughed and I bristled.

Whirling about to face her, I dropped into my stance. Staring down into her triumphant smiling face. She thought she had me and for a second there she had but I knew better now.

My wife was a sneaky one.

Unfortunately for her so was I and I was a quick study.

Turning so fast I knew I was a blur , I swiped my leg against hers. Cassie was fast and she knew it was coming but she wasn't fast enough. She went down hard, the air leaving her lungs in a whoosh that send a shockwave of pain through my heart.

I had hurt her. Even after promising to go easy on her.

Fuck.

"Cassie." Hovering over her I stared down into her face. There were no tears in her eyes that I could see but she looked shocked. Like she didn't know how she had ended up on her back looking up at me.

"Did I hurt you? Goddess. I didn't mean to." Reaching down I tried to help her up. Offering her my hand.

Only she didn't take it, from her place winded on her back Cassie lashed out with her foot. Cracking it straight into my left knee with all of her strength.

It buckled and I stumbled backwards.

Instantly she was on her feet. Launching herself at me with all the prowess of a cat. Cassie caught me somewhere around the middle and tackled me downwards. 

We fell together, me in shock and her in silent triumph.  She landed firmly on my chest, one thigh somehow over my shoulder and one wrapped around my waist.

"Tap out." She hissed squeezing her thighs as hard as she could. 

"No." I couldn't help it I laughed. Not at her she had got me down fair and square but I wasn't about to tap out because I could easily get out of her hold. 

If I wanted to.

Which I didn't.

The position we had landed in had put her beautiful pussy , barely covered by her yoga pants just inches from my face. So close I could smell her.

"Tap out." She said again. Grinning as she looked down at me.

"No. I could move you off of me if I wanted to." I said in a hushed whisper. "I just don't want to."

Her eyes widened for a second as realisation hit her.

"I think she has you your highness." I heard Scarlett laugh.  

"She does." I admitted with a knowing grin as I looked up into my mates stunned face. "She has me exactly where she wants me."

Cassies eyes widened and she  tried to wiggle backwards but my arms came across her thighs to lock her into place.

"Julian." She whispered. 

The laughter that had floated up around us seemed to dwindle until there was nothing but me and her. Just like it should be.

"I don't know." The young Kip quipped, "I think he might have her where he wants her as well. I would say this one is a draw."

A draw? Arching and eyebrow , I let my hands smooth up and down Cassies shapely thighs. "Is that what this is Cassie, cos I feel like a winner right now." Lifting my head I inhaled a breath. Sucking in her sweet scent. My body throbbed. 

My whole body ached with the need to taste her until she was gasping for air and twitching for more.

"But if losing to you means I can stay right here then I'll happily -" I lifted my head another inch. So close to the apex of her thighs that if I snaked my tongue out I could wet the material between her thighs even more.

My mate was wet for me. 

"Out." I heard Ian say sharply. "It's time to give the king and queen some privacy."
###chapter 153
Cassie

He was too close to my core. Far too close and suddenly the whole atmosphere changed. It became super charged. 

Julian breathed out in a long exhale and the feel of his hot breath against my already moist pussy. A shiver ran through my body that was partly to do with his hot breath and smoothing hands and partly to do with the look of pure lust in his eyes.

I could drown in his eyes. 

"Out." I heard Ian mutter quickly and tearing my eyes away from Julian's I watched as Ian ushered the others out of the building. "It's time to give the king and queen some-"

Kip made a comment I couldn't hope to catch because Julian thrust his face between my legs. Rubbing his nose against my clit as Ian pushed everyone out and slammed the door behind them. 

I was alone with my mate.

Alone and his face was pressed into my pussy. Not kissing and licking but gently rubbing his nose against the seam of my yoga pants.

"Julian-" I began to say and failed because it was at that moment that his nose circled my clit. Teasing me to distraction so I couldn't speak. I couldn't even think of the words to speak. 

There was no one here but him. No one else in the entire world but me and him and I wanted him.

It was too long since I had been-

Closing his arms around my thighs he forced my full weight down on to his face. 

Shrieking I tried to move away before I smothered him but his grip on me was just too strong. I may have managed to get him down but he was right. He had me exactly where he wanted me.

"Julain, I'll crush you."

"Mmhmm." He licked along the seam, pushing it against me with a delicious friction. "If I wanted you to hover I would say." He nipped at the thin fabric and I felt it give a tiny amount.  "Sit on my face my love." He forced me against his face for a second. Rocking my hips back and forth so if anyone looked in they would think I was riding his face. 

"Someone might see." I whispered although I had no plans on stopping. Someone would literally have to tear me away from him to get me away from the warmth of his mouth. 

"Then let them. They can't see what I can see." Taking his hands he tore my yoga pants at the seam. My panties were torn apart as well, so my legs were covered but my pussy was bare to him.

Instantly his tongue was in me. Thrusting upwards and curling so he could taste me from the inside.

"Rise me, use my face so I can taste every sweet drop of you." His voice was husky as he continued to rock my hips back and forth. And sometimes his tongue was inside of me. As deep as it could go and other times he licked. Long deep licks of his tongue that seemed to encompass all of me in one fell swoop.

"That's it baby." He jerked me forward sharply, half lifting me. "Let me see how glistening that pussy is for me.". Hands coming up between my thighs, he parted me. His tongue twirled around my clit. Teasing it until my legs throbbed and pulsed. "Let me feel how wet you are for me." Without warning he breached my body with two fingers, sucking my clit into his mouth at the same time. Mouth and fingers worked together until I couldn't take it anymore. It was too much.

I lurched forward but there nothing to catch my fall. Nothing I could hold on to to keep myself upright and I fell hard on my hands.

Not that Julian seemed to mind. Me being on my hands and knees for him seemed to be exactly what he wanted.

"Tell me if this is too much." Gently he eased another finger into me. Stretching me around him like soon I wanted to be stretched around his cock. "Tell me if it hurts."

It didn't hurt, I just felt perfectly full. Well almost. There was still room. Room for him.

Wantonly I sat more firmly against his hand and I heard his startled inhale of breath. "Oh my mate is greedy today isn't she?" He chuckled and the force in which he worked my body with his fingers and his lips sent me into over drive.

"You like that, don't you." In and out he worked them. Each thrust harder than before but it didn't matter. I didn't even care when he added another finger. 

I didn't know how many that was now but it didn't matter because the pleasure was all I could think about.

Biting down on my clit he flicked the tip of his tongue over it. 

I came apart screaming. Falling face first onto the mat with my ass in the air as he continued to bite and suck and fuck my with his fingers.

"I wonder how much more you could take from me." His breath was suddenly gone from my quickening centre. "Could you take all of me?"

I nodded, murmuring something that made no sense. I could take whatever he wanted to give me and I would do so screaming his name in pleasure. 

All I wanted was him.

Him buried so deep in my body that-

He slammed in to me from behind. His hands bruisingly hard on my hips and he pulled me back to meet his thrust.

Julian impaled me onto his thick throbbing cock and held me there for a second. Breathing heavy. 

"Is-"

"Tighter than I remember. Sweeter than I remember." He ground out, his movements shallow and jerky as he tried to regain some kind of control.

He was fighting a losing battle and we both knew it. There was no control between the two of us. There never had been.

"You are perfect for me Cassie. Made for me. Made so I can make you scream and fill you-"

I cut him off. "Then fill me completely Julian."
###chapter 154
Cassie

It was like my words spurred him forward. Pulling himself out almost completely , he surged forward. Yanking me back by the hips to meet his thrust. 

A scream ripped its way out of my throat, a scream of passion and pleasure.

He set a punishing pace at first , pushing himself in and out of my body and slamming into me like a crazed man.

This was the way it had always been between us. It had always been hard. Like we were two people who couldn't get enough of each other.

A loving supportive mate and husband was great and all but this- passion was what we were built on. Everything about our relationship was angry.

"That's it Cassie." He slowed ever so slightly, his thrusts not so bruising but still hard enough to push me forward with every move forward. It was only his hands on my hips that kept me locked to him and not across the mat on my face.

Julian's voice was husky, a prayer that sounded like I was goddess he was worshipping. "You're taking me so well Cassie. You love my cock buried deep in you don't you?"

In answer I let out a moan. There was something so deliciously dirty about his dirty talk. Something that made my pussy flutter around him. 

"Don't you?" He asked again. Rotating his hips in a way that made my full pussy feel even fuller. Moaning I wiggled back at him. Impaling myself and writhing because I would never get enough of him. Even if I was full I wanted more. 

I needed him everywhere all at once.

"Don't you Cassie?"

"Yes." I mumbled, unable to keep my voice from wobbling. 

"Tell me what you need?" Curling himself over my back he bit at my shoulder. Nipping at the skin but not letting his teeth piece through the skin. I knew he wanted to. Biting down and giving me the mate mark would cement our bond before the goddess. It wasn't really done anymore, an ancient ritual and archaic but I wanted that too.

I wanted people to look at me and see who I belonged to. That I was his. But it was something we needed to discuss.

"I could mark you now. Bite and fuck you until-"

"Fill me." I cut him off. "Fill all of me." I couldn't believe I said the words and I knew he knew what I meant because a growl ripped its way out of his throat.

"I want to feel you everywhere." To push my point even more I leant into my arm. Resting my cheek against my forearm so my ass was even further pressed into him.

I could feel his eyes on me. Staring down at the long line of my back and finally my ass.

"Cassie-" he growled out, slowly he thrust in and out of my body and every time he did my pussy clenched around him. Trying to desperately hold on to him so he could never leave me feeling empty again.

"Please." I begged. I didn't really know what I was begging for. 

"I would do anything for you. Anything." Reaching around my body , he slowed even more. Each thrust slow and long. "And we can go slow. So you're ready." Curling his arm around my waist he pressed two fingers into my clit and circled it. 

My body tensed and shuddered at the double pleasure. I didn't know which one felt nicer? The slow teasing of my g spot or the firmer circling of my clit. Both were amazing. Both were pushing me closer and closer to the edge.

I had never wanted to fall off the cliff so desperately. 

Loosening his grip on my hips, he smoothed his hands over my ass. Cupping my cheeks in his giant palms and spreading them apart. It was slightly uncomfortable and ever so hot. 

Holding my breath I waited for him to slip from my pussy and push into me there. But no intrusion happened. Instead Julian dropped his fingers and coated them in my wetness before trailing them back up and coating my asshole with my own juice. Around and around he went, teasing and - his thumb slid inside of my dark hole. Almost hooking me into place.

"Julian." I sucked in a breath. It was different from what I expected. Not bad, just different.

"That's it baby, take it all." It was like seeing his thumb disappearing into my ass and feeling my pussy clamping around him threw him over the edge first.

He slammed forward. Filling me over and over again and I was powerless to do anything but let him use my body for his own pleasure. Not that I would ever complain because this was exactly what I had wanted and it was giving me the sort of pleasure that I could only dream about.

It had been too long since I had felt like this, felt so wanted or so sexy. Julian had a way of making me feel both things without even saying a word.

"I can't wait to fuck you here as well." He ground out. Pushing in and out of my ass. I squealed. This is what I asked him for but now I wasn't sure I could take him all. He filled my pussy , how would he feel in my ass?

Too good probably. 

"Can I cum in you." His words took me out of my thoughts and straight back into reality. I'd never thought in a million years he would ask me such a question because he was a do what he wanted kind of guy but I knew why he was.

We had just had two babies and I knew I was fertile. Would him spilling his seed inside of me result in another pregnancy? 

"Cassie-" yanking his thumb from me , he ploughed forward. Smashing into me from behind and sending me over the edge at the same time he cum.

My pussy clenched around him. Spasming. Screaming I met each of his thrusts. Greedy for him. 

I felt it when he lost control. He slammed back into me once and I could feel his hot sperm coat my insides. 

Collapsing forward I blew out a breath. My ass still in the air.

Sliding from me Julian chuckled. "Well what a sight that is. So pretty with my cum leaking from you, Cassie."

I would have blushed but I didn't feel embarrassed by his words. Quite the opposite in fact. I had asked him to fill me.

And he had given me exactly what I had asked for.
###chapter 155
Cassie

I didn't know what had woken me up at first. All I knew was that one minute I was asleep , warm and safe in the arms of my mate and the next my eyes were wide open and I was panting.

What was that?

What had jolted me so violently awake. There was nothing in the room that I could sense. We were alone. The only sound was Julian's soft snores and the hammering of my heart in my chest.

Closing my eyes softly, I tried to control my ragged breathing. And I almost had it. I'd almost calmed down when I heard it again.

Clearer and much much nearer this time. 

The cry of a baby. 

Babies, I could tell their cries apart. I had always been able to do that ever since they were a few days old. 

My breasts ached, heavy with milk I had thought had dried up. Although ache wasn't the right word. They hurt. My whole body hurt with the need to feed my boys again.

They were gone and I missed them. I missed them so much that I threw myself into any task that kept me busy. So I didn't have time to think about how empty my arms were from not being able to hold them.

I knew what people thought when they looked at me smiling and laughing. They thought I was heartless and in their shoes I would have thought the same but none of them realised that inside I was broken. 

Broken and guilty because I had let them be born into a marriage that was loveless and in a world on the brink of civil war. The love had entered my union with Julian but the war part?

Everything was quiet on that end but I wasn't fooled by it. The quiet was just the world taking a deep breath before it plunged into blood shed.

It was all so different now to the world I had grown up in. This was the primal side of the work I lived in. Far away from the hustle and bustle of city life. 

The modern world was so far away.

My family were so far away.

And my babies were the furthest away of them all. I missed them all but none more than my children. I needed them in my arms again.

The wail of a baby started again. Only this time it didn't seem to be outside in the woods at all. It seemed to be coming from inside our home. 

Again my eyes snapped open. The first few times I could put it down to a dream that had lingered and then maybe the wind carrying up from the pack but this was different,

This was in my home.

My babies were here and they needed me.

Throwing back the heavy blanket I jumped to my feet. Rushing from the room and not caring how much noise I was making. 

"I'm coming." I called out. My voice was louder than it needed to be and thick with tears. I came to their room , skidding onto the rugs and almost falling down before I caught myself on the edge of the wooden crib. 

The light in here was brighter because the drapes were open and could let in the moonlight. 

"I'm here, I won't let you-" My voice broke as I stared down at the empty crib. The sound of my babies crying disappeared leaving nothing but the sound of my heavy breathing.

From downstairs a floorboard creaked. And I knew exactly which one. The one at the bottom of the stairs. I only knew because I had been careful not to stand on it numerous times in case I woke the boys. 

Someone had stood on it now. They had been in here and walked down the stairs with my boys and accordingly stepped on the creaky park because they didn't know any better.

If I wasn't quick they would get away with my babies and I would never see them again. 

Spinning on my bare feet , I pounded down the stairs. Falling down the last five to land in a heap at the bottom and there it was. The sound of the back door opening and closing.

Who ever had been in my home, was trying to be quiet. But they weren't quiet enough. My knees hurt from falling on them but I ignored the pain as I scrambled to my feet and went after them. 

There was no way I would let them get away with the boys. No way I could miss this chance to get them back. And once I did have them back in my arms , I would never let them go again. My husband was king of the wolves and if he ordered it I would tell him no. My birth father was king of Lycans and if he tried to take them from me I would fight him to the death. 

They were mine. The only things that kept me breathing. 

Their cries led me on, through the house and out the door. I didn't pay any attention to where I was going. Because that didn't matter. All that mattered was that I find them.

Somehow I was under the trees. Low hanging branches slashing me across the face and opening up my cheek. Not that I felt the pain. There was only the agony in my heart and my full heavy breasts and the sound of my sons crying out for me.

My bare feet pounded on the twigs and rocks as I sprinted toward. I didn't feel the pain as the soles of my feet split open. I didn't feel the warmth of the blood rushing from the cuts or the bitter stab of jagged stones against my skin.

And I didn't shift. Even in my daze I knew that was strange. Why didn't I shift?

I pushed the thought away. Forcing my body to move faster as their wails faded away. 

And there was nothing.
###chapter 156
Julian

I woke up slowly. Stretching my body out in slow motion , my arms first went above my head and then to the side so I could grab Cassie and draw her into my body. The warmth under the quilt was almost overwhelming and she had obviously moved away from me in the night.

Only she wasn't there. The space she should have been in was empty. The heavy quilt was thrown back over me. I pressed my hand into the sheet and it was cold.

She hadn't been there for a while. 

A sense of unease washed over me. The same sense of dread that filled me every time I woke up in the morning and she wasn't there. Which was pretty much always. 

Groaning I shook my head and stood up. She would be somewhere down with the pack. Doing her job and keeping herself busy. I knew why she did it even though neither of us spoke of it. It probably wasn't healthy that we didn't speak of our children but I knew she wouldn't be able to handle it. 

Padding completely naked to the window I twitched open the curtains and stared out into the icy morning. The rain had stopped but the cold weather had finally come to stay and everything was coated with a shimmery white.

The sky was a perfect blue, and trails of mist floated around the huge tree trunks that hugged the property. It was still early.  Much earlier than Cassie would normally be up and awake.

Turning back to the room I surveyed the mess of clothes we had left littering the floor last night. She hadn't moved any of them. Even her boots were still haphazardly flung into a corner.

A frown pinched my eyebrows together and my unease deepened. 

"Cassie?" I called out and nothing in the house moved.  "Cassie, where are you baby?" Heading towards the bathroom I peeked inside. Only she wasn't there either. 

Everything was exactly how it should be. Nothing was displaced. 

Cassie was probably playing with me. She had to be in the house somewhere because her one pair of boots were still here. 

Maybe this was a game to her. A chance for me to chase her like we used to. Maybe she had even gone for a run in her wolf form. 

No, I knew if she had wanted to do that she would have woken me up and I would have been able to talk her into staying in bed with me.

Last night had been amazing. Some of the best sex I had ever had. The fact she wanted to try new things with me made me unbelievably happy because it meant she was trusting me again.

It meant we were finally beginning to be the couple we were meant to be.

Still naked I walked down the hallway in search of her. And froze. The babies room door was open. And I knew full well that it had been closed before. I always made sure it was closed because when she looked inside she looked like she was going to cry.

Stepping into the room I sniffed. Her scent was stronger in here. It clung to every surface. Had she spent some time in here recently. Had she sat and cried their loss whilst I slept away.

I hated the thought of that. That she was in pain and I hadn't aware of it. I had promised to always protect her now. And again I had failed.

The shrill sound of my phone pierced my thoughts and I hurried back to the bedroom to grab my cellphone before it stopped.

"Ian?" I barked. "What are you doing up so early?" He was always an early riser but even for him this was early.

There was a pause. "Somethings happened. We need you down here Julian."

I let out a grumbled sigh. Of course something had happened. Something was always happening. "What is it?"

He paused for a second too long. "It's hard to explain." He said something under his breath that I couldn't make out. "Just get down here ok? As quick as you can. The pack is freaking out and they need to see their king isn't in a panic as well.  Bring Cassie too. We will need a doctor and she always calms people down."

"Cassie isn't with you?" My hand trailed down the banister as I made my way down the stairs. Phone pressed to my ear. 

"Not that I've seen, why?" Ian muttered. "She isn't with you?"

I shook my head even though I was aware that he couldn't see it. "No, but her boots are in the bedroom and-" 

Five steps from the bottom I froze. There was something wet on the dark wood. Just a few drops but the scent of it hit me straight in the face. 

The coppery tang of it.

"Maybe she went-"

I cut him off with a pained cry as I jumped the last few steps and fell to my knees next to the tiny droplets of blood. Touching one with the tips of my fingers I lifted it to my nose and sniffed.

Hers.

It was Cassies blood and she was nowhere to be found. 

"She's gone." I muttered. "And she's bleeding. Her blood is on the floor."

"What?" Ian's voice was hushed. "What do you mean."

I struggled to keep my wits about me and not let my terror take over. "Her boots are here, her clothes too and she's bleeding. There's blood on the floor." I mumbled.

Ian's gasp was loud in my ear. "How much blood?"

I didn't answer him at first. 

"How much Julian."

I shook myself. "A few drops. Not too much but-" Ice cold terror filled my veins. Freezing me on the spot. "I think someone has her. I think,"

"Calm down Julian. I'll be there in a few minutes ok. And we will work this all out."

I wanted to believe him but I couldn't help but feel like Cassie had been taken from me for good this time. Just when it felt like I had her back.

"Do you think it's connected to what is happening to Scarlett's pack?" I asked numbly.

"I don't know." Ian's voice was different now and I knew he was sprinting. Running towards me. "But probably. Stay where you are and don't touch anything. Don't run off after her either. One of you missing is more than enough."

I nodded again. I wasn't going anywhere. I couldn't even if I wanted to go after her: I was frozen in place and staring at the blood of my mate. 

The blood of my mate.
###chapter 157
Julian 

I watched Ian's back as he slowly straightened. There was no one else in here but us. But I could hear the hubbub of voices outside. He hadn't come alone. But he was treating this like it was a crime scene. And didn't want dozens of people milling around.

He turned to me, but I didn't meet his eyes. I couldn't tear them away from the tiny blood drops. It was nothing. I told myself over and over again. They were so small , that she couldn't be badly hurt but they were hers and she was gone.

All the clues added up to her being gone. Taken by one of our enemies but how had they managed to get into Scarlett's land without anyone seeing them? 

How had they managed to take her from right under my nose without me even waking up. She wouldn't have gone with anyone, not willingly.

Not unless. My brow creased into a frown and I finally looked at him. He was wearing an identical frown on his face.

The fact that Ian was worried as well didn't fill me with hope. If he was worried then it meant I had something to be worried about.

"There no other scent here." He said softly. And I blinked at him in surprise. 

"What do you mean?" My voice shook. 

"I mean I can smell her and that's her blood. There's no question about that." He shook his head. His dark hair falling into his eyes. It was much longer now than what I was used to seeing him with.

"But no one took her that I can sense."

I did a double take at his words. "Then where the hell is she? Why isn't she here?" My voice rose to a shout. A growl booming out in the end. Outside the voices quietened as they listened in intently.

Ian scowled at me. He took my elbow and led me back up the stairs. And I let him which was strange because I was the ruler here and not him.

"Get some clothes on. You are going to have to make a statement to the pack. And you can't do that naked."

Bending he gathered up my dirty clothes and thrust them into my hands. For a second I stared at them like I didn't know what to do with them.

"Get dressed Julian and tell me what happened."

I did what he asked , moving on autopilot but stopped with only one leg in my jeans. "What do you mean what happened?" I snapped. "I told you what happened. I woke up and she was gone. Her side of the bed was cold."

Ian stared at my forgotten jeans and I hurriedly pulled them up my thighs.

"What happened last night, after we left you." His eyeborw shot up as I opened my mouth to tell him. "I don't need to gory details Julian. But did anything strange happen?"

"No." I said quickly.

"No? Nothing at all?"

"No." I said again with a shake of my head. "It was almost a perfect night, after training," I cleared my throat, throwing him a glance out of the corner of my eye. "We came back here. Ate together." I didn't mention how we had made love again in the kitchen. "Had a normal night. Like we were a normal couple and then we came to bed and fell asleep exhausted after-"

"Yeah." He threw up a hand to silence me.

"Sorry. It was perfect." My frown deepened. 

"What just made you frown?" Ian asked sharply. As always he was really perceptive.

"It was perfect. We were like a normal couple." I muttered and that's why I was frowning because me and Cassie had never been a normal couple. Not ever. We didn't have perfect nights.

"Something is wrong."

Ian nodded slowly and my heart lurched and then sank completely when he spoke softly. "That's what the others have said as well. That everything was normal. It was an almost perfect night and-"

"What do you mean others? What others?"

His eyes skirted away guiltily before he finally met mine. "Almost thirty people have disappeared overnight."

My heart slammed into my rib cage and then sank into my stomach. "How many?"

"Twenty eight that we know of. Maybe more. Maybe less. There's search parties out looking but there's no sign of anyone. Most have just vanished into thin air."

"Like Cassie." It felt like I was being choked. Like some invisible hands had closed around my throat and were squeezing the life out of me.

"No." Ian interjected quickly. "There's signs with Cassie. Signs that we can follow. The others," he shook his head. "It's weird. Like-"

I shot him a look. "You think magic is involved?"

"I don't want to jump to conclusions but one of the missing is the little orphan Scarlett has taken on. He disappeared from the bed right next to the alpha and she didn't wake up. He is too small to just wander off."

"Just like Cassie. But if no one else was here to take them then Duncan must have employed witches to -"

A scream rent the air. A wail of pure terror and headache from far away in the woods.

"Cassie." Spinning on my heel I took off at a run, Ian close behind me. He didn't even bother to tell me not to run off. That it might be a trap. We both knew it was probably a trap and neither of us cared.

By the time I had hit the front door I had already shifted. The pure size and force of my wolf smashing it straight off its hinges. I plunged into the  yard, scattering the people waiting there and was thrust into the darkness of the forest before anyone could blink.

"Please." I sent out a silent prayer. "Please be ok. I'll do anything." 

Stretching out my neck I forced myself to run faster. But I didn't have far to run. I had barely got a hundred yards from the house and was on the edge of a small circular clearing when I saw her through the heavy tree trunks.

Cassie was naked, her white skin splattered with brown and red. Mud and blood. Her dark hair was a matted mess around her shoulders.

And she was screaming. Just standing there and screaming.

I shifted back quickly. Rushing to approach her with my arms out. "Cassie where have you been? You must be freezing." She looked like she was. And if she had been then I would need to get her inside into the warm as quickly as possible before she caught her death. "Come on baby, it's just me. It's Julian." I took another step towards her and a twig snapped under my weight.

She turned to me slowly and I felt the breath leave my lungs in a rush. She was still my Cassie, still beautiful in every way. 

But her eyes were sightless. Vacant as she looked straight through me and continued to scream.

Then she crumpled to the floor in a heap and the forest went silent.

And that silence was the loudest thing I had ever heard.
###chapter 158
Julian 

"How is she?" I rushed to my feet the moment the packs healer stepped into the room. The old man was running his hand through his thinning white  hair over and over again. Making it stand up in tufts. 

"She's," he glanced back of his shoulder and his lips thinned until they disappeared altogether. "Resting quietly."

A frown marred the smooth surface of my forehead. That didn't answer my question. It didn't even put my mind at ease.

Sensing my mounting anger , Ian stepped forward. His hand  a calming weight on my elbow as he moved around me. "That's good but what is wrong with her? Was she injured in any way. Has she said anything about who took her?"

For a second the elderly healer looked confused. "I don't think any one took her." He said finally. His eyes lifted to meet mine. "Your wife is exhausted both physically and emotionally. I think she -" again he paused. "She misses her children very very much and it's making her confused."

Guilt ripped its way through me. "Are you saying she walked off by herself?"

That didn't make any sense to me. Cassie would never do that. And then there was the fact that she wasn't the only person to go missing. She was however the only person to come back.

I risked a glance at Ian and his look seemed to say we will talk about it later. 

"I think she was dreaming. She kept talking about heating her boys."

My heart did a weird sort of flip flop. "She heard our children crying?"

He nodded mutely. 

"Yeah." My shoulders slumped. "That would do it." I blew out a breath, my lips pursing. "If she thought she heard them then she would have gone off running."

"Explains the droplets of blood at the bottom of the stairs. If she fell-" Ian added helpfully. "Especially if she was dreaming it and sleep walking."

"I don't think she was."

The healers voice was so quiet that at first I wasn't sure I had heard him. "What do you mean?"

"She swears she was awake and that it was Niall and Noah's cries that woke her up. She's really clear on that part it's the rest of it that she has no recollection of." He lifted his eyes to me. "Your highness , I think your wife is really sick."

A lump formed in my throat. "You have found something?"

What would I do if he had found something. A lump maybe? Something that she hadn't seen herself. Not that it made sense to me. If she was sick then surely she would have felt something.

"That's not what I meant. In her body she is healthy but it's her mind."

The air left my lungs in a rush. "You think she is crazy?"

The healers eyes flashed angrily. "That is not the word I would use. Cassies mind is sharp and amazing but she's been through so much in the last year. More than anyone should ever have to go through." He paused. "Her mind isn't broken but it is a little - unwell. She needs rest and time to heal. She needs a doctor."

"You are-" Ian started to say.

"I am not a doctor. I am a healer and even if I was a doctor then I am not the kind she needs. The grief of losing her children might just break her if she doesn't get the help she needs."

I swallowed down his words and they were a bitter pill. Sighing, I lifted my slumped shoulders. Forcing myself to act strong even when I didn't feel strong. It didn't matter how I felt. I had to be strong for her.

"I'll get her to a doctor. Thank you for coming up so quickly. I know you are needed down with the pack." Thrusting out my hand I waited for him to shake it which he did quickly and then shuffled out.

"So we need to find her a doctor. A head doctor." I said flatly as the door shut. "Any idea where to start?"

Ian shook his head. "Absolutely none."

"Do you know what's funny? Cassie would know." I chuckled and after a second he joined in with me.

"Do you think I should check on her?" I glanced towards the stairs. She was up there alone and probably scared. The healer had said she was resting but he hadn't said sleeping. "I should go and make sure -"

"Let her rest Julian. She won't want you making a fuss. Let her come down when she is ready. I know Cassie. Probably better than you do. She will shake this off and everything will be fine again. Well as fine as anything can be right now."

Falling down on the sofa with a sigh I closed my eyes. 

"I hate to think about her alone." I said quietly.

"I know and we will get her the help she needs. There's several places we can send her that she can get help and be safe. Maybe this war isn't the place for her."

I had to agree with him, as much as I hated the idea of being apart from her again. I knew it might be the best thing for her.

A small knock sounded on the front door and it was pushed open to show Scarlett's face. Which was devoid of any colour at all. She looked exhausted and the puffiness of her eyes told me she had been crying.

"Am I interrupting?" She asked but didn't wait for us to answer before she pushed her way in and closed the door behind her. Pausing up the stairs she stared for a second before her shoulders fell.

"How is she?"

"Resting." I said quietly. "What is happening down at the pack."

"Three more people went missing this morning. And there's more-" Scarlett's looked away. Her face was a mask of misery but it was the tone of her voice that made me straighten.

"What is it?"

"It's not just happening to this pack. There's been frantic calls all day. Others are disappearing. Just vanishing into thin air. It's like someone is erasing us from existence ."

I couldn't help myself I looked towards the stairs. I could almost swear I had heard movement.

"And you think Cassie?" Ian didn't even finish the sentence because it was preposterous. Cassie was many things but she couldn't just wink people out of existence.

Could she?

"What the hell is happening to us?"
###chapter 159
Cassie

They thought I was crazy when I knew I wasn't. I'd heard what they had said. What the healer had said. My mind was broken with grief but he wasn't a doctor. I was and I knew what I had heard. I knew I wasn't sick. I had heard my boys. They had needed me and I had lost them again. I had got lost in the woods and-

A snippet of the conversation from downstairs wafted up to me and I could hear that Scarlett had joined them. People had been going missing and somehow they thought it was my fault.

So now I wasn't only crazy I was also responsible for people's disappearances as well? Stifling a groan in the back of my hand I leant further forward to listen. I couldn't risk getting out of bed completely because they would hear but if I was quiet and calm , maybe Julian would speak more freely.

"What the hell is going on?" I heard my husband say quietly. His voice was completely broken. 

"I don't know."

"But you think Cassie has something to do with it?" He asked but didn't let anyone answer him. "She's one woman , a small sick one at that and she can't be blamed for people going  missing. What did she do kidnap them all."

"Of course not." Scarlett snapped back. "No one is saying that."

"Do you think she could have some other magical powers? Not just the healing ones?"

There was an intake of breath. And I kind of wished I was in a position to see Julian's shocked face. "She has magic?"

"Like you didn't know? Or were you really blind? That's why we were at the palace when she went into labour. She was trying to heal the king. She did it with you as well. It's something we had been working on. But I don't know if she's powerful to actually -" Ian trailed off.

"She wouldn't even if she was." Julian snapped back. "Why would she do it? What would be her reason?"

I let out a sigh of relief. At least Julian seemed to have my back for once. My relief was short lived as he quickly spoke again.

"Maybe it's because of the loss of the twins and she doesn't realise what she is doing? Maybe it's manifesting itself this way and not just naked midnight strolls in the snow?"

Pursing my lips I felt the tears start to slide down my cheek. They thought I was weak. Weak and crazy or powerful and unhinged. I didn't know what one was worse. Leaning forward I drew up my knees and let my chin fall onto them. 

Not one person here had my back and I knew it. Just like I knew they wouldn't believe me if I told them I had HEARD the twins crying. 

"So what do we do?" Scarlett asked. "If you are to win this war then you can't have her zapping your people out of existence. I mean is she killing them or just moving them somewhere?"

"Cassie wouldn't kill anyone she didn't need to." Julian and Ian together. "It's just not the kind of person she is."

"But you're right." Ian said with a loud sigh. "She can't stay here. Maybe sending her to her father so she can be around the boys will help her gain some control over her mind and abilities."

There was a deep pause. "No." Julian said finally and my heart sank. "She can't be around my heirs like this. Not until she is better. I can't risk it. I will have to find her a hospital or something."

"Maybe sending her to her mother and Yannas people?" Scarlett piped up helpfully.

"No." Julian groaned. "She can't go anywhere there's people we care about. And Ian cares for Yanna."

"Thank you." Ian whispered. He didn't mention anything about more than caring for Yanna and that she was his mate. It was enough that Julian knew they cared for each other.

"But where does that leave us?"

"I'll reach out to some of the hospitals and-" Julian took a deep breath. "And when I have found one we will send her there so she can be safe."

"You could do that?" Scarlett asked in a hushed voice. "Send your mate away to a mental hospital?"

Julian's growl was low and menacing. "Do you think I want to?" He asked roughly. "Knowing that she is there because of what I put her through? I'll never forgive myself for it Scarlett because she is my life. And without her everything else is meaningless. But-" he took a deep breath. "I have to do the right thing. For the kingdom, for the boys , and most of all for her. If that means sending her somewhere she can't hurt herself then I will do it." Julian said roughly. "But it has to be the right one. Until I can find it I will keep an eye on her constantly. Maybe if we are lucky last night was just a one off thing and she won't need to go at all."

The tears welling in my eyes spilled over and slid down my cheek.  They were going to send me away. Lock me up in a nuthouse and throw away the key.

Julian said he loved me, his voice shook with pain but he would send me away anyway. He wouldn't stick around. Maybe he was already planning on going back to Megan? With a stifled sob I fell back onto the pillows and rolled onto my side with my legs still drawn up.

When would he ever choose me and believe in me?

Dimly I heard the cry of a baby. My baby. I clamped my hands over my ears and screwed up my eyes. It wasn't real. It wasn't. 

So why did I hear it so clearly? Why did I hear it and they didn't? 

Maybe I was crazy after all? Maybe in a padded cell was exactly where I belonged?

This was a nightmare and I just wanted to wake up.
###chapter 160
Cassie 

"Wake up baby." Julian's voice whispered through my dream and I could feel his hand on my hair even when I was fast asleep, soothing me out of the nightmare.

I blinked my eyes open. The room around me was pitch black. I must have fallen asleep and stayed that way all day. Shifting my weight I rolled over and there he was next to me.

Only he was fast asleep.

I frowned. Had I imagined him talking to me as well? Or was it just a really clear part of my dream? I could have sworn that his hand on my hair was what had woken me up but it couldn't have been because he was snoring softly.  

"Please wake up." His voice seemed to whisper in my ear and it was his voice even though I was watching his face and his lips didn't move at all. Julian was fast asleep.

Rubbing my hands over my face I stifled back a cry. Maybe they were right and I was nuts because I had heard him. Just as clearly as I had heard the babies. Only he hadn't said a word and I knew it. It was all in my head.

When I finally let my hands fall away from my face I found him staring at me. The small lines around his eyes deepened as he frowned with concern. 

"Are you ok Cassie?" He asked softly and this time I knew it was him talking because I could see his lips move. He reached up, to brush my hair behind my ears. "You're drenched in sweat."

Tentatively I reached up and touched my forehead and he was right. I was. I closed my eyes.

"You're awake now." He gathered me close and for a second I closed my eyes and just listened to the sound of his heart beating against my cheek. 

"You're awake and safe. Was it another nightmare?" Julian asked softly and I nodded my head against his chest mutely.

"The same one?" He asked quietly. "With the boys? You know they are safe don't you? That they are alive and protected with your fathers people. As soon as this whole mess is sorted you will be back with them. And I promise it won't be long."

"Not long? What before the war is over or before you let me out of the mental hospital?" I ground out between my gritted teeth and felt him jolt. "But no I wasn't dreaming of the boys." I added quickly because I didn't want to argue. "It was a dream of you."

He shifted his weight so he could lift himself above me. "Me?" He asked, confused. "What did I do?"

Sighing, I settled back on the pillows. "It wasn't a nightmare." I finally said. "Just a dream but I felt half awake. You were calling my name and asking me to come back to you." Staring up at his trouble face I leant into his hand as he smoothed my hair back.

"You were doing that?"

"Doing what?"

"Smoothing my hair back." I said and his hand stilled.

"What?"

I gave a small shrug. "We were just doing this. Talking. Well you were talking and touching my hair." I frowned. It had all been so clear in my head when I first opened my eyes but now I couldn't quite grasp the details from my memory. They were all fuzzy. 

"You told me to wake up." I said simply because it was one of the only points I remembered.

"And you woke up?" His eyebrows arched.

Nodding I fell silent , idly chewing on my lip. My eyes travelled around the room. To the window. I wanted so desperately to get up and open it. So I could feel the cold night air against my face. It would help clear my thoughts but I was just too afraid. What if I did and I heard them again? My babies?

Julian would have me shipped off to a padded cell before I could blink.

"You just imagined me getting you out of your nightmare Cassie." Settling himself back down he caught me around the waist and settled me back against him. "Even in your dreams I won't let anything get you. Not even your own mind." He chuckled. "Do you think you can get back to sleep? Or should we get up."

"Sleep." I said instantly. "I feel like I could sleep for a week." I lied. 

It was amazing to me how easily I lied to him. I knew sleep wouldn't let me fall into her warm embrace again tonight. I might not ever sleep again because when I did I heard them.

"Are you sure?" Julian asked quietly but his eyes were already closed. "We can go downstairs and talk."

"No. Sleepy." I faked a yawn.

It took him exactly three minutes to fall back asleep. Three minutes for him to forget. But I wouldn't be able to forget. And there was no way I would risk trying to force myself into a snooze just in case I heard them again.

"Wake up baby, please the boys need you."

I didn't need to look at him to know he hadn't said it. And this time I knew I wasn't having a dream. Unless this was all a dream.

But Julians voice was right there in the room with me. Whispering soothingly in my ear. 

Sighing quietly I rolled from the bed and scrambled to find my robe. Tying it tightly around my waist I crept silently from the bedroom where my mate lay.

Pausing for a few seconds at the closed door of the boys nursery I took several long shaky breaths. I wanted to go in there and wrap my shivering body in the blankets that still smelt like their skin but if I did that I knew I would lose it.

Wrapping my arms around myself I headed down the stairs as quietly as I could go and headed towards the kitchen.

If this nightmare was ever going to end then I needed to stay away.

And to do that I needed coffee.

Lots and lots of coffee.
###chapter 161
Cassie

There were many benefits of being a shifter. Quicker, stronger and faster. We didn't get drunk as quickly as humans. In fact it was pretty much impossible for us to get fall down drunk but there were downsides as well. Like the fact that my body metabolised coffee so quickly that even seven huge mugs down I was still tired.

Stepping into the kitchen Julian frowned. The look on his face spoke volumes. But not as much as his pounding feet on the stairs had done.

He had woken up, found me gone and freaked out. It was pretty clear that he had thought I'd gone wandering again.

I would have felt bad except I was too tired to care. 

"You weren't in bed." He said flatly. His tone full of accusation.

"Sorry I couldn't sleep and I didn't want to disturb you by tossing and turning." Turning towards him I forced myself to smile. 

Sliding onto one of the stools my husbands eyes appraised me. Taking in my disheveled hair and the wet cleaning cloth in my hand. I tossed it away into the sink and wiped my wet hand down my thigh.

"How long have you been up Cassie?" He asked , his eyes finally leaving me to look around the spotless kitchen. Every side had been wiped down, the inside of every cupboard scrubbed clean.

"A while." I admitted with a shrug.

"You should have woken me up." Julian's voice was flat but not emotionless. He was just trying not to get angry.

With a sigh I jumped up on the side. Letting my legs swing. 

"Why?" I asked. "Why would I force you to be awake just because I'm not tired?"

It was a genuine question but Julian's eyes narrowed. "You are tired though Cassie." He pointed out. His eyes glued themselves to my face and I knew he saw how exhausted I was. How the circles under my eyes were so dark they looked like bruises.

"You're more that tired. You are exhausted but you would rather stay down here and clean than try to sleep?" His eye met mine unblinking. "Why?"

"Leave it." Turning my back on him I went to the coffee machine. Not that I thought another mug would do any good but it sure as hell couldn't hurt either.

I didn't hear him move. But he was behind me in a second. His hands sliding around my waist to pull me back against him. 

"What's going on Cassie?" He asked softly. His breath moving my hair slightly. 

"Nothing." I lied .

Julian made an exasperated sound in the back of his throat. Half growl and half groan. "Stop lying to me Cassie. More importantly, stop lying to yourself. Something is up with you." With sure firm movements he moved me in his arms. Pressing me between the hardness of his body and the solid worktop behind me.

I couldn't help it I let my forehead drop to his chest and took several long shaky breaths. I could lie to him. I knew that but what would be the point. He knew I was lying and I knew he knew I was lying.

"Something is up with the whole world right now. But -" I sucked in the smoky rich scent that was all him. "I hear things when I'm going to sleep. Sometimes they wake me up from my dreams, sometimes they-" I swallowed hard. "I hear them when I'm wide awake. And they are so real."

A sigh lifted his chest. "You hear Noah and Niall." He said in a matter of fact kind of way. 

It wasn't a question but I answered it anyway. "Yes." I whispered.

"And that's why you ran out naked into the snow?" He asked simply. "I get that." Julian's voice turned kind. "I would have done the same. I miss them but I know it's not anything compared to what you are feeling. Do you want to go and be with them?"

My heart skipped a beat. I wanted that more than anything. I needed them in my arms to feel complete but I knew leaving now would just make things worse. Julian was the rightful king and as his wife and mate I had a duty to stand by his side and fight for our kingdom. It was the only way we could ever hope to be a family again and live in peace.

Peace? I snorted in derision. My children probably would never live in peace. Julian sure as hell hadn't. People had been trying to murder him since he was a child. And even back then I had been the one to save him. 

We were a couple now. King and queen of an entire people. I would save him now as well. It was my destiny. 

Our destiny.

"Did you hear them last night? Is that why you came down here? You were too afraid to go back to sleep?"

"Staying busy helps. But no."

"No?" 

"I didn't hear them last night. I know I'm not really hearing them. It's just hard to work out what's real and what's not when I'm half asleep.

"What did you hear last night?" He asked softly.

I lifted my face so I could meet his eyes. "It's nothing." I shook my head.

"Cassie, tell me." Julian demanded.

I took a deep breath. Settling my nerves. Why was it so hard to be honest with him? 

"You." I said in a tiny whisper and his eyes widened. "I heard you?"

"Even after ?" He didn't need to carry on that question. 

"Yes. Yes even after you had woken up. I could hear your voice even when I could see you were asleep and your mouth wasn't moving. You were telling me to wake up."

Slowly he cocked his head to the side and studied me. "I know this is all strange and confusing Cassie. I know you're scared. I am as well but-" reaching up he cupped my cheek. "Listen to me. This me. This me who is holding you and loving you. This me who falls in love with you a little more every time I kiss your lips." He brushed his lips against mine. "You don't need to wake up. This is reality and we are going to be just fine."
162
Julian 

She said she believed me, she said she felt better but she was lying. The thing I wasn't sure on was whether she knew she was lying.

There were shadows dancing in my wife's eyes. Demons that threatened to overtake her and take her away from me. I would do anything to make sure that didn't happen. Even if that meant I conducted all my business right here in the kitchen. Where I could keep an eye on Cassie curled up on the sofa reading a book in the living room. She knew I was watching her and not paying attention to matters of state. But she didn't lift her head from the book on her lap.

She didn't move her eyes either so she wasn't reading it. She was just staring blankly at the page and no doubt listening in.

"Is she?" Scarlett whispered to my left. It didn't matter how quiet she said it though. Cassie had sharp hearing she would have heard. Not that she made any sign that she had.

"She's fine." I snapped back , maybe a little too loudly. Sighing heavily, I straightened my shoulders. "She's just not sleeping."

Ian grumbled something under his breath and I turned to him angrily. "Do you have something to say?"

"Yes." He retorted. It was crazy how direct and blunt he was these days.  He had never been a yes man but now he seemed to be just argumentative. Especially when it came to her.

It would have made me jealous because there was a really close friendship there but I knew Cassie belonged to me. She always had, ever since we were children and she had saved my life.

As her mate and her alpha it was my job to protect her and yet she was the one who always seemed to protect me. Even now, I felt helpless. I didn't know how to help her snap out of this.

"She needs to be away from this." Ian hissed. "She needs to rest properly. You need to send her to her mother."

I glowered. "She can rest here where I can keep her safe. If-" I lowered my voice. My eyes on her. "She needs help that I can't give her then I will find a facility for her."

"You have decided to-" Scarlett began to say and I snapped my eyes to her. The words on her lips faltered. Her eyes darted downward.

"My wife isn't crazy." I growled.

At my side Scarlett bristled. "No one said she was. Cassie is my friend. She has been my friend since the moment we met. That was before you decided you liked her." She reminded me with a scowl. "When you were treating her like a second class citizen."

There was a sharp intake of breath. 

"Scarlett." Ian warned and I shook my head. It wasn't like she didn't have a point. I had done that. And Cassie had loved me anyway.

There were no excuse for how I had acted. I had been blinded by prejudice. And a beautiful face. If I was honest with myself. Megan's overtly sexual nature had turned my head. It hadn't helped that I had thought she was the one in the hospital to save me.

But no, that had been Cassie. Saving me again. Just like she always did.

"I know." I said softly. "I know what a brute I was. And I'll try every day for the rest of my life to make it up to her. I need to start trusting in her more don't I?" 

The moment I said the words I realised how true they were. 

"Cassie?" I called out.

"What are you doing?" Ian hissed. "Let her mind rest."

"I know what I'm doing." I shook the hand he had placed on my arm off ,with a snarl.

"Cassie my love." I called out again when she didn't move. "Can you join us?"

Slowly she placed the book down and came gliding towards us. She moved like someone who wasn't really there. Half ghost and half zombie. 

"How are you feeling?" Ian and Scarlett asked together the moment she slipped silently onto one of the stools.

Their faces were mirror images of each other. 

"I'm fine." Cassie seemed to shake herself as she stared at me. Slowly she blinked and the life seemed to rush back into her eyes. "I was wondering how long it would take you." She aimed her question straight at me.

"I knew you would have thought of it." I smiled proudly. "I bet you were sat there wondering why I hadn't realised it sooner , weren't you?"

"Does someone want to let the rest of us in on your little secret?" Scarlett asked.

Ian didn't say anything but he stared at my wife and I could see the realisation flicker into his eyes. "Oh." He said softly. "Ohhh damn." He said louder with a shake of his head.

"Anyone was to fill me in?" Scarlett asked again.

"The people who went missing." I said quickly. "There's no trace of them. No signs they were taken by force." I met my mates eyes. "Cassie is the only one who has come back. And she says she heard our children crying for her. Last night." I searched her face to make sure I was ok saying this and she nodded her head. "She heard me calling for her, even though I was right in front of her."

Scarlett's eyes widened. "You think they are being led away?"

"That would be some serious magic." Ian added. "Some really serious spell work because no one even sees them leave. They just disappear, almost like they were never here to begin with." He sighed and his eyebrows knitted together. "But in a way it makes sense."

"We need to check in with other packs. And find out what is happening in the palace as well." I said.

"And with the cats." Cassie said softly. She turned her attention to Ian. "Maybe you can ask Yanna?"

The line between Ian's dark brows deepened. "Who the hell is Yanna?"
###chapter 163
Cassie

I stared at him like he had lost his damn mind because he had. He must have. Either that or he was joking. Although joking wasn't a very Ian like thing to do. In fact I couldn't even remember a time he had ever joked .

I stared at the people around the kitchen island. Every pair of eyes was looking at me. Their expressions deadpan. If this was a practical joke then they were all in on it.

"You're kidding right?" I levelled my question at all of them but my eyes were on Ian. I might not ever see him joking around but this bewilderment on his face was even more rare. "Yanna." I spelt her name out slowly like he was a child.

The line between his eyebrows deepened even further. "I heard you clearly the first time Cassie. I am neither a child or deaf." He snapped. "I just don't know anyone by that name."

I sucked in a deep startled breath. "She's your mate." 

More blank stares. It was like they had no idea who I was talking about. None of them. 

"Julian help me out here. I know you don't approve of her but-" I turned to him for help. "They have been mated for years. Stop playing around."

Ian's lips pulled back from his teeth in a low rumbling growl. "I don't have a mate Cassie."

I jumped to my feet. "Yes you do. Yanna. She's a cat shifter. Her father is looking after my mother. You love her and kept your union a secret because you didn't think Julian would approve."

"I don't know what the hell you are talking about Cassie. I would never be with a cat. Let alone tie myself to one for all eternity." Ian snapped. 

I took a stumbling step back and it was only Julian's hand lashing out and catching hold of my arm that stopped me going down on my ass.

"This can't be happening." I muttered as my heart pounded away in my chest. I turned to Ian angrily. "You know." I stabbed him in the chest with my finger over and over again. "Who I am talking about. Stop playing with me."

His face fell for a second and I let out a sigh of relief but it was short lived as his eyes tilted upwards to bore down into mine. "I'm not playing with you Cassie. I don't mean to cause you any distress but I don't know anyone called Yanna."

"My mother is with her family. They took us in and-" I muttered. With a groan I pinched the area between my eyebrows and squeezed. This couldn't be happening? How could they just forget her? She had been Ian's everything.  And if she had now disappeared like the others then what had happened to my mother? 

"You're mother?" Julian asked quietly. His eyes flickering to everyone but me and his lips thinning. 

My frown deepened. "Yes my mother." I snapped back.

"She's where you left her, Cassie." This time it was Scarlett who spoke. Her tone soothing but there was no soothing me because my brain was running a million miles an hour. My heart was in turmoil.

"She's in the hospital."

"No." Ripping myself out of Julian's grip I stumbled away until I couldn't go any further and my back hit the doorframe. Tears poured from my eyes blinding me and my heart was beating so fast and hard that I didn't see or hear Julian as he approached me like I was a wounded animal.

And everyone knew that a cornered wounded animal was a dangerous animal.

"My mother is with Yanna and the panthers. She woke up almost a year ago. I ran away with her. You helped us." I snarled at Ian.

His face darkened. "I helped you Cassie. Just you."

"What is happening to me?" I sobbed. And this time I let Julian hold me. Because there was no way my legs could hold me up. It was like my whole world was changing. That my past was shifting. 

Maybe they were right , maybe I was going crazy.

"My babies?" I managed to croak.

Julian ran a soothing hand up and down my back. His chin rubbed back and forth over the top of my hair. Making it fuzzy and standing on end. 

"Niall and Noah are fine with the Lycans. They are safe. They are real."

I let out a sigh of relief before I stiffened in his arms. It was those last few words that did it. My mate thought I couldn't distinguish between reality and my own mind playing tricks on me. But I could. Yanna was real. My mother was with her people. I knew all of that to be fact. Yet the people around me didn't. They didn't remember them. 

"The people in this room are real and-"  

"I know." I said softly. "I must have had a really vivid dream. I'm sorry if I frightened you." Smiling weakly I turned my back on them and walked away. I had to be careful around them. Someone was messing with me, shifting my past and the people in it around. Kidnapping my friends.

Changing my reality and I was going to find out who it was. I just had to act sane enough to stay out of a padded cell to find out who it was.

"Cassie?"

"I'm just stepping outside to clear my head." I said in a fake cheery voice.

"You need to come back." Julian's voice seemed to echo. "It's almost the full moon Cassie. I want to run with my wife under the light of it. I want to run next to your beautiful wolf. Come back and -" the voice grew deeper. Julian's voice but not. "Shift."

The world around me tilted around me. There was a moment of blinding pain and the panic of having no control at all , and then  my wolf burst from my human skin.
###chapter 164
Julian 

One second my mate was a beautiful troubled woman and the next her wolf stood in her place. Just as beautiful and just as troubled as she turned her stunned terrified eyes on me.

There had been no control in that shift. None what so ever. She had just shifted like she had been forced to do it. No one had that kind of power.

I frowned. 

That wasn't entirely true. 

No one had that power but her. Cassie had shown she had that power. I didn't know what that meant but I knew it meant something. 

I walked towards her with my hands outstretched. The fear didn't leave her eyes but she didn't back away. I caressed her coarse fur gently. Running my fingers through it so I could cup her giant face.

"Shall we run together my love? Let our wolves stretch their legs?"

A flicker of unease lit up her eyes. 

Was she hearing the voices again? Were they talking to her? Calling for her? Was my mates mind playing tricks on her or was something else going on? Something supernatural?

I desperately wanted to find out but not here. The shift had been violent and everyone had noticed her lack of control. I needed to get her out of here before she did anything else. 

We were in such a precarious situation. Everyone in the kitchen were our friends but if our enemies ever found out how fragile her mind was then they would use that knowledge to end us. 

"Would you like company on your run my love?" I asked again and this time a silent message went between us. She hesitated for a second and then swung her head up and down in agreement.

Smiling I turned to the others. "Excuse us?"

Scarlett nodded. "Of course. I'll cook you something up for dinner. You will be hungry after your run."

I nodded my thanks. Before leading Cassie out of the house. My hand tangled in her thick fur.

The moment her giant paws sank into the slushy snow she visibly relaxed. A huff left her lips in a puff of white air.

"Do you want me to shift to run or shall we walk?" I asked knowing full well she couldn't answer me back. Not with words anyway. 

She nipped at my jeans. Her tail swishing in the snow in an almost playful way.

Throwing back my head I chuckled. "Wolf it is. Shall I chase you?" I asked but I already knew the answer. That's what she wanted, I could tell by her body language.

My mate wanted to be prey. She wanted me to chase her and catch her and-

I shifted easily. Landing on all four paws that left giant imprints in the snow.

"Run." My growl seemed to say but again there were no words. 

Neither one of us needed them. We needed this. To run and frolic. To be our animals for a few hours and just forget the horrors and troubles of our human lives.

She leapt forward, disappearing into the woods with a swish of her tail and for a second I watched her go and then I was after her. My paws sinking deep into the white snow as I pounded after her. 

She turned sharply and the darkness under the trees swallowed her up. Cassie had moved so quickly that it took me a second to change direction and chase after her. 

In the distance , her movements fluid and smoothed I could almost hear her laughing in my head. And a toothy smile pulled my wolf lips back.

She was happy. I had been right. This was exactly what she needed. This little bit of of normalcy. Maybe that's all I needed to do. Amid all the chaos and pain and terror, she needed a little joy.

I could do that. Give her little bits until her mind healed , until this mess was all over and we could be a family again. With our children playing at our feet. And our people safe and free of tyranny. 

Something snapped at me from behind, the teeth scraping against fur and not clamping down on my flesh. I had been so side tracked that I hadn't even noticed someone come up behind me.

Whirling around I bared my teeth to find Cassie staring at me. Her eyes twinkling with mischief. 

My own eyes widened. She was faster and smarter that I remembered. Either that or her training with Ian was finally paying off.

I snapped playful back at her and in an instant she was on me. Forcing me backwards with the force of her leap. We tumbled over and over, fresh scraping but not biting. This wasn't an attack, I realised as she came to a halt under me and on her back in the snow. This was flirting. 

She shifted again, this time smoothly and with complete control. Until she was laying under me in her beautiful human skin.

What must be her beautiful cold human skin because she was laying in several inches of snow. I lowered my wolf face to lick her cheek and then shifted myself. My much bigger form crushing her downwards even more. I knew it couldn't be comfortable for her but I needed to feel her skin on mine.

Lips drifted over her cold cheek to find her lips and my hands smoothed up and down her sides. One curling around her hip and the other tiptoeing across her ribs until her breast was in my palm. I squeezed, just hard enough for her lips to part in a breathy moan. 

My tongue invaded her mouth. Swirling and playing against hers. Our breaths, made steamy by the frigid air mingled.

Kissing her was heaven on earth, having her body laid so beautifully under mine was indescribable.

She was a goddess. A Lycan princess and a wolf queen and she was all mine.

And she wanted to be taken. I could see it in her eyes. She wouldn't be laying like this, so submissively if she didn't.

"Make me feel." She murmured. "Make me feel that this is real, Julian." She begged and my heart lurched. 

Tearing my mouth away from hers , I stared down at her for a second and then moved down her body and sucked her tight nipple into my mouth.
###chapter 165
Cassie

It was like I could feel the pull of his lips on my nipple in my stomach. Like they were attached with a rope. It pulled on every part of me. Fanning the flames of passion that were already smouldering under my skin.

I must have made a sound in the back of my throat because he paused his lap of my hard nipple to flick his eyes up to me. Those eyes were trying to tell me something but I just couldn't understand what they were saying. I couldn't fathom it. But then again mine were probably speaking in riddles as well. I knew I was begging him. Not just to fill my body completely but to believe me.

No, my eyes closed as his tongue curled around my other nipple. 

I didn't need him to believe me , I needed him to believe in me. There was a difference.

My eyes locked with his as he bit down hard enough to draw my full attention back to him. His were puzzled and mine were wary. 

I needed something from him. Something I didn't even want to say out loud. In a way, and it was perverse way, I needed to go back to a time where we hated each other. Where life was simple. Life had changed so much. It had become full of so much love and confusion.

And overwhelming heartbreak.

I needed him to be cruel for just a few seconds before he loved me again. 

Like he could read my mind Julian came off my breast with a wet popping sound. His eyes narrowed into slits as he stared down at me.

The air left my lungs in a loud whoosh. My breath white and steamy as it hit the frigid air. 

"Tell me what you are thinking about?" He growled out but I could tell he knew what I wanted. What I needed.

Mutely I shook my head. 

"You're cold." His eyes softened. His hands were gentle when they roved up and down my body almost like he was trying to warm me up. That was laughable really because there would be no warming me up when I was laying in sludgy snow. "We should shift and-"

I shook my head again, more violently this time.

A look of shock flitted across his face. "No to the cold or no to the going back."

"No." My voice was strong. "I don't want that."

Realisation darkened his eyes. It didn't matter that I hadn't actually answered him. "I see." He said thoughtfully. Lifting himself slightly from me, my body shivered at the sudden loss of his warm skin against mine. 

"That's why you run from me." He said , jumping to his feet he heaved me upwards hard, and with such force that for a second my breasts were crushed almost painfully against his rock hard chest.

He span me around with shocking ease. My arms trapped behind my back as he bent me into him.

"It wasn't because your wolf needed to stretch her legs." He ground into my ass. "No, it had nothing to do with that. Did it? You ran because you wanted me to chase." Bending over my back, he bit down on my shoulder. Hard enough that I knew he had left a crescent shape mark in my goosebump riddled skin but not hard enough to break the skin completely. "You wanted me to chase you, stalk you and catch you." 

Over and over again he bit down. 

A moan ripped its way out of my mouth. Breathy and needy.

"You wanted me catch you, claim you." He slammed forward, the thick head of his cock breaching me in one almost violent thrust that rocked me forward. "Fuck you."

My moan turned into a scream of pleasure and pain. 

My wrists still trapped in his big hands, he forced my back to arch for him as he surged forward again and again.

"This is what you needed wasn't it?" He ground out between gritted teeth. I was powerless to answer him but really I didn't need to because he was my mate and he already knew.

"This is why." He punctuated every word with a savage thrust.  "You shifted naked under the snow for me, isn't it? Did my little mate need reminding of who she is." One of Julian's arms went around me. His fingers playing over my clit in time with his thrusts in and out of my body.

My back stayed arched. He'd hit the nail on the head. 

"You are real, I am real." His movements became jerky, shallowerer as I began to tremble around him. 

I was so close. Insanely close but unable to fall into the sweet oblivion that release offered me. I needed to cum. I needed him make me.

"Our love is real." 

I knew that. I really did. But with everything that had happened recently I just needed reminding. And this was the perfect way. It was brutal and savage, there wasn't anything sweet and loving about it. 

It was like old times before we knew we were mates and hated each other but couldn't keep our hands off each other anyway. 

I needed so desperately to go back to that time. 

"Julian." I slammed back into him. Meeting every thrust of his with an abandon that left no space for words and our bodies bathed in hot sweat.

Making love to Julian was amazing. But this wasn't making love, it was a battle. One where even if I lost then I would win because just for a few seconds I wouldn't feel like I was losing my mind.

"Harder." I groaned. "Make me feel. Please harder."

I expected him to do what I asked but instead his thrusts slowed and then stopped altogether.

He whirled me into his arms. Lifting me under the ass so I had to wrap my legs around him or risk falling from his arms.

Walking back under the snow heavy branch of a tree, he pressed my back against the wide trunk and entered me again. Slowly this time. His eyes never left mine.

My pussy fluttered around him. 

"We are real Cassie. Me and you. Mates, lovers."

Julian's lips found mine. A tender warm kiss that was so unlike the brutal fucking of a second ago.

"I'll always be here for you. I'll always keep you grounded. And I'll never let you go again."

My head slammed back, knocking painfully against the rough back as we started moving again. Slower this time. Until with a scream that he swallowed down with a kiss I came apart around him. He filled me with his seed at the same time.

Panting he dropped his forehead to mine. "Me and you are the only people in the world Cassie. Our family. No one else matters. If it helps you deal right now then we are alone in this world."

My gaze locked over his shoulder. "It doesn't help me." I whispered in his ear. His cock still buried in my dripping, clenching pussy. "Because someone is watching us."
###chapter 166
Julian

I stilled suddenly. My pleasure was forgotten as my dick which had been still rock hard inside of her slipped limp from the warm sheath of her pussy. "Are you sure?" I whispered into her ear. She went to shift her weight and I tightened my grip on her. Holding her place. "Just look, don't move." I hissed the order in her ear. 

To anyone watching they would have thought I was kissing her ear and neck. Lost in passion and oblivious to their spying eyes. 

"Yes." She moaned, her head thrown back. "About twenty feet away. To the left." Bringing her head back to mine she kissed my lips. Talking right into my mouth. "Looks like there's a building there. She's hiding in the shadows but not nearly enough."

"She?" I tugged her bottom lip into my mouth. Trying to ignore the feel of her cooling body against mine and her lips pressed to mine.

Now wasn't the time to get lost in lust again. We had been so engrossed in each other that we had been blinded to her watching for long enough. It was a foolish mistake and one that I hoped we wouldn't regret.

I had too many enemies and because of Cassies relationship with me, so did she. We were royal in exile and there was a war going on. A war that would either put us back on the throne or make us look over our shoulders for the rest of our lives.

Hell, even if we managed to win I wasn't sure we would ever truly be safe. Our enemies would just keep coming. The only difference would be that we were better protected.

"She?" I loosened my grip on her lip. Our faces still level so I could meet her eyes.

She blinked once a clear yes.

"Are you ready?" I kissed her and felt her stiffen. She wasn't used to this kind of thing. Her training hadn't prepared her and it showed in the confusion shining out of her eyes. 

I had to remember that she wasn't a trained soldier. She was a doctor , a healer. 

Cupping the back of her head I nipped at her ear. My words for her and her alone. "Shift and go to the left. I'll go the other way. We will have her trapped between us."

"It might not be anything Julian. She probably just stumbled across us." Her cheeks went pink. "Fooling around in the forest like children."

I licked the sea shell of her ear and was rewarded my a small shudder. "That wasn't fooling around like randy kids Cassie, that was a man fucking his wife and making her drip for him. I'm going to lick you clean when we have found out why we are being spied on but until then-"

I let her go , twisting my body midair and landing on my wolves feet I moved quickly through the trees. I didn't need to know that Cassie had done the same thing and rushing in the direction she had been instructed to go in.

We would catch the little spy in our pincher. She had no where to go.

In the distance, I heard a crash and a small pained cry. And my head shot around. Cassie had got to her first. Was right on the old woman's heels as she tried to run away.

Again and again my wolves tried to swipe her legs from under her and again and again the old grey haired woman was just a second too fast.

Speeding up, my tongue lolling, I finally got to them. Only to find the woman gone. Her long grey hair retreated amongst the dark branches.

Panting I skidded to a stop. "What happened?" My look seemed to say before my wolf mouth couldn't. 

Cassie's giant wolf shook her head. Her eyes again full of confusion. 

Was she thinking she was imagining it all? That this was one of her dreams?

I shifted without thinking. It was foolish running blinding after anyone. It could very well be a trap. If I'd had Ian with me or any kind of guard I would not have hesitated but I wasn't going to risk Cassie's safety by chasing after a shadow through the forest.

I shifted. Keeping my eyes on my mate. She didn't follow suit. "Shift for a second Cassie." I prompted when she continued to stare up at me.

Finally she did what I asked. Instantly I had my arms wrapped around her shivering body. "What happened?" I asked softly. 

She didn't answer me at first , instead Cassie hid her face in my chest. 

"You got to her so quickly Cassie." Up and down her back I rubbed. Trying to warm her rapidly freezing skin. She was too cold in her human form. She didn't have her wolf's thick fur to keep her warm. We didn't have long before the cold would force us back inside but I wanted to talk to her.

"How did you move so quickly?" Catching her chin between my thumb and forefinger I tilted her face up.

"I didn't." She finally mumbled and my brows slammed down. What did she mean by that.

Sighing she continued. "She came running towards me." She admitted with a small frown of her own. I blinked at her in surprise.

"What do you mean?" That didn't make sense.

She lifted one goosebump riddled shoulder in a tiny shrug. "She ran towards me, silently and so fucking fast. Faster than my wolf. Faster than yours." Cassie shook her head. "She only changed direction after I swiped at her throat. I think I got her." Nervously she looked down at her fingernails and sure enough they were speckled with blood.

"Shifter?" I asked quietly. 

Another shrug. "I don't know. She moved like one but if she was then why didn't she shift. She took me completely by surprise. She could have killed me. I wasn't ready but-" pausing her eyes darted around.

"But what?"

"I don't think she was trying to attack me, Julian." She took a deep breath. "I think she was trying to get me to follow her."

The air left my lungs in a whoosh, like someone had winded me with a punch. Someone had tried to separate us and lead her away? Was that what had happened to the others? 

Whatever was happening here wasn't in my mates imagination because I had seen her as well. Cassie wasn't crazy and now I knew it for sure.

Someone was trying to tear her away from me. The only thing that mattered now was finding out who so I could keep my mate and my family safe.

My eyes narrowed as I scanned the woods. I would find them. I would search day and night until I found them and brought them in for questioning but before I did any of that. I had to make sure the people I loved were protected.

"Let's go home Cassie. And then we can discuss the details further." I kissed the tip of her icy nose. "But let's get into the warm first."
###chapter 167
Cassie 

Warming up was harder than I thought it would be. I had been cold before but nothing quite like this. It was like the ice and snow had seeped through my skin and started to coat my very bones. 

I was frozen stiff and not even the hot water of a bubble bath had helped. I'd been able to hear bits and pieces of Julian's phone conversations but not much. I didn't have a clue what he was really thinking. All I knew for sure was that he had filled in the rest of his inner circle. Scarlett was one of those now. Scarlett and her council. Scarlett the female alpha.

I mulled over the fact that she was the first in history. And wondered how we could use that to our advantage.

I thought so long that the bath water cooled and my teeth began chattering against each other again.

Stepping out of the deep bath I reached shakily for the giant bath towel that was warming on the rack and wrapped it around my shivering body. Another was wrapped around my head.

Body still quaking because I was so cold I padded towards the bedroom, leaving a trail of wet foot prints on the wooden floor. I needed to get dressed in as many layers as I could find and then I needed to-

I stopped short in the bedroom doorway. Julian hadn't bathed with me but he looked fresh and clean as he lounged in the bed. The blankets piled high over him. He didn't look any where near as cold as I was.

Seeing me standing there he smiled at me. Lifting the blanket he patted the mattress next to him. 

"Jump in my love."

I only needed a moment to think about it before I dropped the towel in a puddle on the floor and jumped in next to him. Instantly the covers were back over me and I was trapped in the warm heat under them. 

"Why are we in bed in the middle of the day?" I asked as I snuggled down into his chest. The heat of his body was glorious against my skin.

"Because." Julian's arms came about me. "I almost made you freeze to death because I couldn't wait to be inside of you -"

I cut him off. "I wanted that as much as you did. I needed it. That's why I ran."

"I know." He said patiently. "But my job as your mate is to be your protector and not just your lover and then I almost lost you to some woman watching us in the woods."

"I should have gone after her. It was just-" I hesitated. "I'm sure she said my name. It was like she was saying it over and over again as she came towards me and it kind of threw me for a loop." I shook my head. "Still, I should have gone after her when she turned tail and ran. I let her slip through my fingers."

"You did the right thing by not going after her,Cassie." Julian said patiently. "If she knew your name then she was there for you. To try and lure you away."

For a second I tensed in his arms. And when I spoke my lips brushed against the side of his chest. "I think I hesitated because-" I faltered. How could I put this into words? Without sounding like a nut case?

"I could see her Cassie." Julian said quietly. "With my own two eyes. I saw her. This wasn't your imagination and your weren't going crazy. She was trying to take you away from me." 

For several long minutes we just held each other. Our hearts beating in sync and our breaths low and shallow and it felt amazing to be held like this. To feel safe.

To feel seen.

"Did you know her?" His low voice broke the silence.

I shook my head. "No." I said quickly and then hesitated. "I don't think so but she felt familiar even if her face wasn't. Such a strange feeling." I shuddered.

"What did she look like?"

Hoisting myself up onto my elbow I screwed up my face. "I don't know."

"You saw her though right?" His eyebrow quirked towards.

I nodded. "Yeah I looked right at her." I closed my eyes and tried to remember. "I saw her face. I know I did. But- I can't picture it . I can't describe it." Opening my eyes I stared at him beseechingly. "You probably think I'm losing my mind." I whispered and my heart cracked. 

What the hell was wrong with me? She had been right in front of me , I had seen her clearly but anytime I tried to picture her I couldn't. 

Julian shifted his weight . Forcing me onto my back and into the pillows. His hands came down on either side of my shoulders.

"I saw her as well, Cassie. So if you're going crazy then so am I. She was there and trying to separate us. I don't believe in coincidences anymore. People or things keep trying to part us. And then there are the others." He shook his head, his eyes looking at me but not really because they were too deep in thought.  

"Julian?"

He blinked the thoughts away. "The ones who have gone missing." He said simply. "I think this woman might be related. Something sinister is at work here and-"

Reaching up I wrapped my arms around his neck and dragged him down so I could capture his lips with mine.

"We should go and talk to the others." I said finally.

"We probably should but your skin is still icy." As if to prove his point his hands slipped under the covers and across my skin. Which suddenly was feverish instead of cold.

"So I think you need to spend a little longer in bed."

I frowned up at him. "I'm not sick. I'm-"

"Maybe I spoke wrong. We should spend some time in bed." He chuckled. "In the morning I'm moving us down the mountain to the safety of the pack house." His grin grew. "But until then I want my mate all to myself for a while. Just one evening where we can pretend we are a normal couple."

"And not a king and his queen?" I asked.

"You will always be my queen Cassie." He retorted. "But I was thinking more not the most hunted couple in the world."
###chapter 168
Julian

This was what normal life would be like for us. This was marital bliss. The only thing that would make it better would be if the boys were with us. I wanted to watch Cassie dance around the kitchen holding them and singing to them in her soft off kilter voice. It didn't matter to me that she couldn't sing that's what I wanted to see.

Desperately.

I missed my sons. Even though I didn't really know them. Maybe I missed watching Cassie with them the most. The way she came alive when she was around them. Her eyes alive and her eyes sparkling with happiness, so it looked like she was lit from within , was like a craving in my chest. I needed to see my Cassie happy. And she was happiest around our boys.

I'd missed so much of their lives already. I didn't have the memories she did but I missed them anyway.

It was hard to explain. 

Leaning my chin in the cup of my hand I watched her as she reheated the food Scarlett had left for us. She wasn't dancing , she wasn't grinning from ear to ear but she wasn't crying either. There was a quiet contentedness to her features that might have had something to do with the toe curling orgasm I had just given her half hour ago but I thought might be because this was such a normal thing to do.

Having dinner together in a small kitchen like any normal married couple. No servants, no one bowing and scraping. It was all so normal. So mundane.

Almost perfect in fact.

No wonder she had wanted to cling to her old life so tightly and not become queen. And I couldn't blame her for that. If this was what I'd have to give up I would have been reluctant as well.

"You're staring at me." She said softly, her back to me. 

Smiling I let my eyes drift down her narrow back. She was wearing my shirt. A pale blue one that made her tanned skin glow. I feasted my eyes on her shapely legs before settling them on the roundness of her ass.

Goddess she was delectable.

"How did you know?"

Still not turning she slid something into the bowls in front of her. "I can feel it when you stare at me." 

I chuckled. "Then you know that I'm staring at your ass."

She giggled in answer. "Do you want bread with this?" She tried to change the subject.

"Maybe. I'm not sure I'm hungry any more." I murmured.

She turned to me, steamy bowls of stew in both hands and glared at me. All the contentedness was gone. There wasn't anger on her face but it was there threatening to spill out of her eyes as she glared at me.

"I didn't cook it Julian." She said icily. "You don't need to worry about that. I just warmed it up. I'm more than capable of warming up stew." She snapped.

Frowning I jumped up from the stool and went around the kitchen island towards her. "That." I took the bowls from her and placed them on the counter behind her. Keeping my arms there to trap her.  "Is not what I said and it sure as hell isn't what I meant. I am hungry but I'm not sure if it's for food right now." Dropping one hand I slid it up one thigh. Slipping it up under the hem of the shirt she was wearing but stopping before I pushed it up too far.

Cassie tilted her face up to me. "Is that so, and what exactly are you hungry for?" A smile played over her lips.

"You don't know?" I cocked my head to the side. I closed my hand around her thigh and squeezed. "You, Cassie." I mumbled. "I think I'm hungry for you. Starving. Famished." Dropping my head to the curve of her neck, I pushed her long dark hair out of my way and kissed her neck softly. "All of them." 

"Again?" I could hear the surprise in her voice.

"Always." I answered her before sucking on her neck hard. It would leave a mark but that was exactly what I wanted. If I had my way I would cover her in suck and bite marks so anyone who looked at her would know exactly who she belonged to.

I wanted her so full and covered in my cum that it seeped out of her pores for weeks to come.

Cassie was mine and she would remain mine.

"Mmmm, are you sure you are ready to go again?" She asked , her head dropped back so her long dark hair fell between her shoulder blades and skimmed her waist. "It's not been that long since-"

My lips found hers silencing her. "You're right it's not been that long but I need you to keep your strength up." I chuckled. "So maybe you should eat first and then-"

"Then we can spend the rest of the night in bed?" She asked sweetly. "If we are moving down to the pack house tomorrow then this might be the last time we can be intimate for a while." She caught my bewildered expression and laughed loudly. "Well the last time we can be loud for a while." She amended.

I laughed but I didn't agree with her. There was no way I could go weeks without her body over line and her screams in my ears. Even going an hour was like torture 

Taking her hand I led her to the stool I had vacated and sat her down. Quickly bringing the stew over to her. I didn't take a bite out of my own I was too busy watching the spoon disappear between her lips over and over again.

I wanted her so badly my balls ached. Even eating she was the sexiest creature I had ever seen and she was all mine. Nothing could separate us now. 

There was no way I was going to wait until we were upstairs.
###chapter 169
Cassie

The stew was delicious, warm and super savory. I made a mental note to ask Scarlett for the recipe so I could try it and the moment I did I felt a wave of sadness. I'd asked another woman for a recipe once. A beautiful kind soul who had cared for me just like Scarlett did and that woman had ended up dying to make sure I remained safe. I missed Cathy. 

I didn't want to sentence Scarlett to the same fate as my old house keeper and that's what being my friend seemed to be. A death sentence.

Scarlett was an alpha now, she had people who depended on her. I needed to keep my distance.

"You are sad." Across the island, his bowl of stew completely untouched I met Julian's eyes and forced myself to smile.

"I'm not sad."

Slowly he pushed his way up from his stool and stalked towards me and that's exactly what it looked like. Like he was stalking me. Like he was the predator and I was his prey. There was a dangerous glint in his eyes. One that spoke of claiming and ownership. 

"Then you should tell that to your face." He came to a stop to the side of me. But didn't touch me. "Cassie you know you can talk to me right? About anything. I don't want there to be any secrets between us."

The spoon froze in the air between the bowl and my lips and slowly I turned my head to stare up at him. It was crazy to think that we didn't have secrets all couples did but I wasn't hiding a secret from him right now. My grief was private but a secret to be protected. 

"I was just thinking about Cathy." I said softly. Instantly his face fell. Twisting with his own grief. 

"I miss her too." He said in a whisper. "She was such a huge part of my life growing up. Like a mother figure to me." His voice broke. "Did she -" he stuttered and scrubbed his hands against his face. "Did she? damn why can't I get the words out."

"She died bravely. She was strong and lovely and-"

His eye met mine. "How did she die Cassie? I heard rumours that it was bad and Scarlett said I didn't need to know but I can't help but think,"

I cut him off. "Scarlett is right , you don't need those images. Remember her in happier times. We owe her that." For a second I closed my eyes. "But she was brave. And loyal. She loved you." I opened my eyes again to find him just inches away from me. 

"She loved you as well. She was always on at me for the way I treated you. A real ball buster was Cathy." The corners of his mouth twitched.

"Well someone needed to be." I pointed out. "But I think she would be proud of you now. I know-" my mouth fell open as he dropped to his knees in front of me.

"What are you doing?" 

Julian didn't answer at first but he did bring his hands up to cover my knees and slide me around so I was facing them. 

"I'm making you happy. Doing what Cathy would have wanted me to do." He said slipping his hands up my thighs. Pushing the shirt up my legs and parting them so he could move even closer.

"I don't think this is quite what she meant." I pointed out but my words came out jumbled. 

"Eat your food Cassie." Julian ordered.

"How am I meant to eat when-" I moaned softly as he massaged my thighs with his thick fingers.

Shaking myself I stared down at his smiling happy face. "Eat." He repeated the smile, never leaving his face.

"You're not eating." I pointed out.

For a moment his eyes flickered to the island where his untouched food sat and then his grin grew wider and wider. 

"When this is all over." He said softly , his face the perfect mixture of heat and tenderness. "Then we are going to have this every night."

My eyebrow arched. "Have what?"

"A family meal. All four of us."

"You haven't had a meal Julian." I pointed out. "You haven't touched it. So are you saying -"

"I'm saying that I want this. Every night for the rest of our lives. A home cooked meal, even if you cook it I'll eat it." He joked and I scowled at him. "A family meal."

Inch by inch his fingers tiptoed upwards. Pushing the shirt out of the way as he went.

"Julian." I stifled the urge to moan and leap on him. That's what I wanted to do. Force him downward with the weight of my body, tear off his clothes and ride him until neither one of us could take anymore.

"Cassie." He countered, a wide grin still playing over his full lips. "Eat." He nodded towards the bowl of rapidly cooling meat and vegetables. "Cathy would want you to eat. She would tell me off for not feeding you. For not looking after you properly."

He had a point there. Super aware that he was still kneeling in front of me I went to retrieve my spoon and froze. Julian's fingers were moving again. Kneading my flesh, parting me ever so slightly more. So I was almost speed legged on the stool. The shirt I had taken from him didn't cover me from the hips down and I was completely bare to him. 

"She would also want you to eat." I pointed out. "Do you want me to reheat it for you and-"

I let out a startled breath. A whoosh of air as he slid between my thighs and lowered his face into me.

"I don't need you to reheat anything Cassie." He pointed out. His hot breath blew over my pulsating pussy. "I need you to sit and eat your food."

"And what will you eat?" I asked but I already knew the answer to that. I could see the promise of it in his eyes.

"Oh don't worry about me Cassie." The tip of his tongue appeared to wet his pink bottom lip. "I'm going to eat as well."
###chapter 170
Cassie 

I knew exactly what he meant but it still came as a shock when he pulled me towards the edge of the stool and lowered his face between my thighs, sucking my throbbing clit into his mouth and causing my back to arch.

"Julian." I cried out. My hands scrambling to grip his hair and hold his face to me. The suction of his lips over my clit was pure torture but in the best kind of way. 

He flicked the tip of his tongue over it , probing, exploring making me forget what I was doing.

The spoon fell from my hands and clattered into the stew and making it shoot up like a fountain. Splattering us both with hot thick gravy.

It scolded my skin and his but neither one of us seemed to care. In my mind there was nothing else in the entire world but him and his magical skilful mouth.

Looking down I saw his eyes swivel up to meet mine. There was so much hunger in them that it took my breath away. It was like he was a starving man and I was the only food he would ever want or need. The look made me breathless , almost as breathless as his mouth on me did.

Not breaking eye contact he swirled his tongue around my fluttering pulsating clit. And then his eyes still locked on mine , he licked me. He licked me so long and deep , from ass to clit that my back arched like a woman possessed. 

My ass slid to the very edge of the stool and that's when Julian pounced. Sliding his hands under my quivering ass he locked me to his mouth and then he ate.

He ate me out like a starving man, like a parched man and I was the only cup of water for a thousand miles. Slurping and licking and making noises in the back of his throat that screamed I was the most delicious thing he had ever tasted.

I wanted to believe that, I wanted to believe that my mate could live on me alone but- but-

Thoughts scattered, blowing away in the wind as the orgasm took me completely by surprise. Rocking my hips and arching my body as my legs trembled and a cry wrenched its way out of my suddenly dry lips.

It felt like I was in free fall, spinning around and around like a leaf caught in a wind. Around and around and around until I didn't know which way was up and which way was down and the only thing I could concentrate on was the feel of his lips and mouth on me.

Not letting me come down to earth , Julian plunged his tongue into me as far as it would go. With enough force that I almost toppled backwards off the stool. He caught me easily around the hips. Locking me to him.

I came apart screaming again. This one even more intense because I hadn't come back down from the other one.

Julian chuckled. The vibrations of it rippled through me and I was flying again. Soaring high like an eagle.

One little flick of his tongue against my core and he let me back to myself with a bump. 

My eyes flew open, to find him staring up at me. A smile tugging on his lips as the tip of his tongue continued to explore my now swollen wet folds.

"That was delicious." Pulling away slightly he made a show of licking his lips. His eyes closed and his eyelashes fluttered.  "The best starter I've ever tasted."

My eyes widened in shock. "Starter?" My voice came out all breathless. 

His face flushed he pressed a kiss to my clit, right over the top of it. Making it tingle.

"Yes." The tip of his tongue probed a little deeper. "Starter, I'm a starving man Cassie. And you are fucking delicious." Biting his lip he climbed to his feet so gracefully that it was like watching a ballet dancer.

I watched him open mouthed as he came into my space. Kissing my lips with as much passion filled abandon that he had done my pussy. I could take myself on his lips and on his tongue. Delicate and sweet with a addictive twang.

"Do you see how good you taste Cassie?" He asked seductively and I nodded because suddenly I couldn't speak.

"I know how good you taste." I countered because by the goddess I wanted him in my mouth right now. He had licked me into submission not once but three times and I wanted to return the favour. "But I want a reminder." Trying to be seductive I slipped from the stool. Running my hands down his rock hard chest.

"Let me-"

He caught my wrists. Forcing my arms down to my sides. "No." He said firmly.

I scowled up at him and he grinned down at me.

"What do you mean no? I want to have you in my mouth." I whined.

He moved as fast as a striking cobra. Cupping my ass in his hands Julian lifted me. He lifted me right up to his face. I squealed in shock.

I had always known he was strong but he lifted me like I weighed nothing at all.

"Julian." I squealed again as he nuzzled into my lower stomach. 

"Hook your legs over my shoulders baby." He commanded 

"Julian you are going to drop me. Put me down."

He made a growling noise in the back of his throat. His wolf coming out to play as well. "Put." He enunciated each word. "Your legs over my shoulders." He commanded. "I won't drop you, you weigh nothing at all to me. Legs , shoulders, now Cassie." Another growl. "I'm a starving man and I'm running out of patience."

There was something in the way he ordered me that made my body move. He helped as much as he could but it was still awkward.

And then I was there, my pussy pressed against his face and my legs over his shoulders. A shoulder ride but the wrong way.

He licked into me instantly and my thoughts scattered again. Maybe this wasn't the wrong way, maybe it was really really the right way.

"Hold onto something Cassie." He nibbled at me.

I looked around me, I was almost pressed into the ceiling. There was nothing to hold on to but his head or-

I braced my hands onto the ceiling only just in time before Julian sucked my clit into his mouth again and stars blossomed in my eyes.
###chapter 171
Cassie

There was something beautiful and soothing about being woken up wrapped in the arms of the person you loved most in the world.

There was no birds singing , the weather was too icy cold for that but I didn't need bird song to wake me up because I had children.

Two gorgeous dark haired little boys who were wailing from the next room and by the sounds of it more that ready for their milky breakfast.

Sleepily I stretched , my heart so full of love and happiness that even though they were screeching away I was in no real rush to go to them.

I was a doctor, growing up that's all I had wanted to be. I had thought so anyway but now I was a mother and wife as well. And those two things made my life complete. When this whole mess was over and we went back to reality I would practice medicine again. I would somehow manage to juggle a loving family and a fulfilling careers. Millions of other women did it so I knew I could.

But for now I was just happy-

Julian's eyes met mine. Wide and almost frightened. Any happiness I had been feeling evaporated like a puff of air in the chilly room.

"Cassie." His lips moved to shape my name but no more than a hiss came out. Deep in my chest my heart began to gallop.

He heard it. I could tell by his face that he could hear our twins crying in the next room even though we both knew they weren't there.

"You hear them don't you?" I asked in an equally low whisper. 

Julian didn't say anything at first. His eyes kept flicking from me to the door and back again. A muscle in his jaw was twitching and he was so on edge , he felt like a rock hard marble statue next to me.

"They aren't here." He muttered finally. "They aren't-" He repeated again like a chant. Maybe to try and convince himself. Wildly he looked at me. "Cassie?" He implored and it was at that moment that I saw the pain in his eyes. I'd been blind to it before. To engrossed on my own pain that I hadn't even noticed that he was grieving the twins loss as well.

Quick on the heels of that revelation was the realisations that if he was hearing them , which he clearly was then I most definitely wasn't crazy.

Unless madness could spread like a disease.

"I need to-" flipping the heavy blankets back he had one leg out of the bed before I realised what he was doing and tackled him back. It took all of my strength to pin him down onto the mattress. Straddling him, I caught his wrists and forced them down on either side of his head.

It would have been hot but sex and pleasure was the last thing on either of our minds.

"Julian stop." My heart kept thundering in my chest. So hard that it was painful. It felt like my heart was going to beat its way right out of my chest. 

"I need-" Julian struggled and I had to lean all my weight on his wrists. Not that it would have made much difference if he really wanted to get away.

"I need to get to them." He finished.

"They aren't here." Lowering my face to his I brushed my lips to his. "The twins aren't here , they are far far away. Niall and Noah are safe. I don't know what you are hearing but it isn't them."

"Are you?" He began to say.

"Yes." I nodded. "I hear them. Loud and clear but we have to remember that what we are hearing isn't real. We can't go running off." I added. That's what I'd done , and look where that had got me.

"I know." His body slumped. "I know it isn't real but the pull to go to them feels like a tether to my heart."

I stared at him in shock. That was exactly how it had felt to me as well. Like my heart was connected to two little souls who desperately needed me. It wasn't that I wanted to go to them , and more I needed to.

Needed- lights burst in my eyes. Too bright, like the flashes from a camera at close range. Pain radiated from my eyes to spear my brain.

Crying out , I slammed the heels of my hands into my eyes. Pressing down so hard that darkness should have eased the light induced pain. Only it didn't. The light was still blinding.

The clash of metal on metal rent my brain.

Crying out again I toppled to the side, curling myself up in the foetal position.

"Cassie?" Julian's voice pierced the pain , I blinked my eyes open and the world was back to normal again. Weak winter sunshine, and no sound but the noise of our mingled ragged breathing. And faint, so faint that I wasn't sure it was there. The sound of our children crying for us.

"You came back to me." Julian whispered, covering us both with the blanket and tightening his arms around me. "You scared me." He shook his head.

I didn't know what he had seen on my face or how long I had been screaming but I found comfort in his arms around me.

"I'm sorry, just-"

A wail went up and both of us tensed.

"We have to ignore it." He muttered more to himself than me. He was right though. We had to.

Grabbing the top of the quilt I yanked it up over our heads.

"We stay here until it stops and then-" I took a deep shaky breath. "We go and talk to Scarlett."

His eyes met mine and he nodded. We were thinking the same thing, I could see. Something was wrong in Scarlett's pack. Something lurked between the darkness of the trees.

"There's something evil in these woods."
###chapter 172
Julian 

"Thank you for agreeing to talking to us alone." I said several hours later as I closed the heavy wooden door to give us some privacy. 

Turning I glanced around. This was a library. Much smaller than the one in the palace where I had grown up but it was still a library. And by the looks of it , it was one that was actually used. The place had a cosy feel instead of a stiff feeling. 

"It sounded important." Scarlett said as she took a chair. Reaching out she folded the page corner down of the nearest book and then closed it. My eyebrows shot up as she opened a drawer and tucked the red leather bound book inside.

Her library then. I looked back around with fresh eyes. Was this the place she came to get away from it all? Yes, now I was looking closer I could see signs of her everywhere. Even before she became alpha she had been coming here to get away.

"It is." Reaching down I took Cassies hand. Our fingers entwined. Her palm was extra dry, mine was slightly sweaty. Different reactions to the hours of torture we had just endured. 

As someone who had endured torture of a physical kind , I was now more than aware that mental was so much worse. For at least three hours we had hidden away under our blankets and held each other as the wails of our absent children filled our ears.

A flicker of unease swept across Scarlett's face and for a second her eyes darted to my mate. "Are you ok?" She asked softly.  "Did you hear something else? Did something happen?" A wry smile tugged up the corner of her mouth. "When you didn't come down as arranged this morning, we thought you might have been-" a blush crept up her cheeks. "Well you know what we all thought. After yesterday."

I risked a glance at Cassie but she wasn't blushing like I expected. In fact she looked fierce. Her shoulder pulled back and her mouth a thin line.

"Something happened." I said through clenched teeth. "We heard our children."

A look of pity swept across Scarlett's face. "Oh Cassie I am so sorry." Jumping off the chair she came rushing towards us.  Catching up my mate in a gentle hug that was meant to be soothing. "Tell me what I can do to help? I am so glad Julian was there to help you through it."

I frowned. "We both heard them." I said quietly but I knew she had heard because she stiffened.  Slowly Scarlett turned to me. Her arms dropping to her side.

"What do you mean?" She whispered.

"I heard them." I repeated , clearer this time. "Before Cassie was even awake. I heard them."

A line appeared between her eyebrows. I could tell by her face that she was trying to think of a reason I would have heard babies crying and not Cassie.

"Maybe you heard-"

I cut her off with a snarl that shook my whole body and instantly her eyes locked to her feet. "They were my boys, my sons crying and it took everything I had to not rush out to find them."

"Everything we both had." Cassie added , her fingers squeezing mine.

"You think something is messing with both of you?" Scarlett asked. "I'll ask around but I don't think anyone heard anything down here. I know I didn't. Maybe grief is-"

"Cassie is not crazy with grief and neither am I." I said firmly. "This is actually happening."

"Maybe we should contact the Lycans and-"

"Already done." I snapped. "I phoned before coming down here."

Staring at her face I frowned. Why did it feel like Scarlett knew something and was hiding it from us? She was our friend and ally, so it didn't make sense.

"Ok." She muttered, her eyes still on the floor.

"Last night in the woods." I said quietly. "We found ourselves being watched by an old-"

"Woman." Cassie added. "She was a little old thing, not quite grandma but -" she shook herself. "We tried to corner her but instead of running away she ran straight towards me. And I'm sure she was calling my name." A shudder ran through my mates body. "It's only when I went towards her with my claws." Cassie glanced down at her fingers like she expected to still see blood on them. "I caught her, scratched her and then she ran away."

The sound of Scarlett's breathing was loud in the quiet room. "What did she look like?" She whispered.

"That's where things get strange." I said. "Cassie was right in front of her but she can't recall what she looks like. One thing is certain, she was trying to lead Cassie away from me." I added firmly.

"Maybe it was-"

At my side my hands curled into fists. "Again I will say this is not my queens imagination. I saw her as well."

"Where did this happen?" Scarlett's voice was barely a whisper.

"To the north west." Cassie said quietly. "There was a little cottage out there. Barely more than a shack. She was hiding in the shadows of its eaves. We should have probably of snooped around a bit but we were both wary that it could be some kind of trap."

The female alphas face crumbled, twisting on itself. "You won't find anything." 

She was lying. I could smell the lie coming off of her in waves.

"What is living in your woods Scarlett?" Cassie asked before I could.

"It's nothing. It has nothing to do with what's happening here." Scarlett took a step back.

"It's either something we don't need to worry about or it's nothing?" I pointed out quietly. 

"It's nothing." She snapped back. "If you will excuse me, I have some pack business to deal with before our council meeting." Rushing around us she headed towards the door. Her head bowed.

I watched her go for a second before I called out. "Scarlett what are you hiding from us?"

She whirled , her hand on the door knob. "Stay away from that part of the forest, both of you." Her eyes swept between us. "Stay away from her."

My eyebrows shot up into my hairline and I knew that Cassie's had done the same.

"Her?"

She swung the door open. "Just stay away, no good can come from seeking her out."
###chapter 173
Cassie

What?

That was the word that rumbled around and around in my head. 

"What the hell was that about?" Julian took the words right out of my mouth.  He turned to me his eyes wild. 

I held my hands out at my sides. Palms towards him in a gesture that hopefully told him I was just as clueless as he was.

One thing was for certain though, Scarlett was hiding something. And it was something important.

"She's hiding something." Again he took the words right out of my mouth. Frowning so hard I thought the vein in his temple would explode. He began to pace, talking to himself the entire time. "If I find out she has been hiding something in these woods, if she's been protecting the thing that has been hurting you and taking my people then I will-" at his side his fists clenched. "Well," he took a deep breath. "It won't end pretty for her."

I was in front of him in a second. My hands soothingly on the hard planes of his chest. "Julian, don't say that." I begged because what he was saying was clear. "Scarlett is my friend. You're friend as well. If she is hiding something then it's for a good reason."

"If she is risking your safety then there is no good reason." Julian looped his arms around my waist and drew me forward. "I know you love her but I love you and if she has betrayed us-"

I shook my head and implored him with my eyes. I couldn't stand the thought of Scarlett being a traitor. Couldn't even bring myself to think of what her punishment would be if Julian found her guilty. 

Too many people had died already. Far too many. I didn't want to add my friends name to the long list.

"She wouldn't do that." I whispered against his chest. And I had to believe that because if she was a traitor I wouldn't know who to trust going forward. "She wouldn't." I said again.

His arms tightened. "But she is hiding something." 

I nodded my head. "Yeah." I admitted. "She is. She knows what or who that woman is."

That much I knew for certain.

"So we need to find out." Julian mumbled to himself. "But we need to be careful about it." He mused in silence for a few seconds. 

"Maybe we should head back out there?" Searching his face I waited for him to agree with me. In my head it was the only possible course of action. We would retrace our steps and go and snoop around that derelict cottage. Search for clues.

"Yes." Stepping to my side Julian loosened his grip on me for a second to look around. "We should, and we will." He turned back to me, his dark brows low over his eyes. "But not yet. We have to do this carefully." 

I opened my mouth to argue back and then snapped my lips shut when his eyes flashed.

"We will go Cassie." Julian said in a quiet even voice. "But for now let's make Scarlett think that we are taking her advice and leaving it all alone. There's meeting today and if we miss them then it will make her suspicious."

I nodded my head. Ok there he had a point there. "Later then?"

He agreed with me enthusiastically. "Definitely later." He nodded his head. "And that doesn't stop either one of us from asking questions. I'll find Ian and ask him as well. If anyone can find our secrets , Ian can." He gave a small laugh and after a seconds hesitation I joined in with him. He was right about that. 

"I wish he would remember Yanna. She would have been a big help here." I mumbled under my breath.

"I wish we all did." Julian said quietly. "She sounds like someone I would like very much."

That caused a laugh to bark out of my lips. He couldn't remember Ian's mate so he couldn't remember how much he hated her just because of what she was. I wasn't about to remind him of that hatred though. Hopefully when we fixed this mess, he would see Yanna for the amazing woman she was and not her species.

"The book." I blurted out suddenly making him jump.

"What book?"

"When we came in here Scarlett went straight towards the reading desk over there. She took a book and put it into a drawer." Not waiting for him to answer, I went towards it.

"Is that so surprising ?" Julian followed after me. "This is clearly her safe space. She was just putting the book away. I saw her fold down the page."

Bending over the desk I frowned. I had seen that too. Just like I had seen her slip it into a drawer. Only there were no drawers. The reading desk was smooth. No handles, not even the outline of one. The polished wood was smooth and blemish free. I ran my hands over it, and lifted my eyes to my mate.

"Yes I saw that too." I said softly as my fingers continued to skim the wood. "She went straight for this book, this desk and then she hid it away." I waited for him to get my point.

He didn't.

"So?"

"So look around Julian." I shook my head. "There's books and her belonging everywhere." I pointed out.

A wave of shock swept across Julian's face as he looked around. 

"She didn't hurry to put away those things. Just this one book." Again I swept my hands across the wood. There was nothing. Not even an indent of where a drawer would be.  "This was the one she didn't want us seeing."

"I agree. So we need to find which drawer she put it in." He rushed towards me and stood frowning down at the desk.

"I'm sure she put it in a drawer." He mumbled.

"Me too. But it must be hidden somehow. I'll keep trying." 

"We will both keep trying Cassie, but right now I need you by my side for these council meetings. Something is going on here and Scarlett has something to do with it. Let's go before we arouse more suspicion."

I didn't want to go but I knew he had a point. We were playing a dangerous game of cat and mouse  right now. 

I just hoped Scarlett wasn't the cat , I hoped she wasn't a traitor.
###chapter 174
Julian 

Meetings were not for the weak hearted or easily bored. Usually before my throne was usurped I'd of yawned myself through them. My mind on other things and not the matter at hands. Which my advisors would sort out but I couldn't do that anymore.

I would have taken being bored for seven hours straight over the news that kept getting relayed to me.  None of it was good news.

In fact all of it was bad. Duncan, the pretend king was moving and moving fast. Swallowing up and killing the packs that were still loyal to me. He was like a never ending wave. A tsunami I had no hope of repelling and he was drawing closer and closer to Scarlett's pack by the day. 

"Why isn't he just attacking?" Cassie asked from by my side. Under the table I reached for her hand. I knew some of the older council members were shocked that I had asked her to stay. They were still in the mind set that women didn't belong in these meetings even though their alpha was one. But Cassie wasn't just a woman, she was my queen and her mind was sharp and agile. She belonged at my side.  

I flexed my fingers around hers, smoothing the back of her hand with my thumb. 

"That doesn't matter right now." Someone from the other end of the table said.

I felt Cassie stiffen, the anger rolled off of her. "Of course it fucking matters." She snapped back. "Everything Duncan is doing matters."

A rumble of disapproval went around the table. The old fuddy duddies didn't like her language but then most of them were ancient dinosaurs and expected women to be seen and not heard. 

"Cassie is right." From the other side of me Ian spoke. His voice even and firm. "They should have attacked here first, we are nearest them." Slowly he turned his attention around the table. Meeting every pair of eyes in turn. "And don't you ever disrespect my queen like that ever again." He said in a quiet but threatening voice.

No one spoke.

"It's fine."  Cassie mumbled.

"No it's not." I said with a sigh. It should have been me who had called them out on the attitude to my queen and not my second in command. "Ian is right. Cassie is queen. She is my wife and my mate and the mother of my heirs. You will show her the respect she deserves." Slowly I let my eyes travel around the table, meeting every pair of eyes in turn. "Even if she wasn't queen, she has done more good in this world then any of you ever have."

"Apologise." I said said sharply.

"There's no need-"

I cut her off with a smile and another squeeze of her hand under the table. "Yes there is Cassie. The disrespect they show you won't be tolerated anymore."

Silence fell.

"You heard your king." Ian's voice teetered on anger.

Apologies were mumbled, none of them sincere but I would deal with that another time.

"Back to business." I said leaning forward. "Cassie and Ian have a point. Why aren't they attacking us first? As packs in this area goes this a smaller one and yet."

Next to me Cassie gasped and I turned my full attention on her. "What is it?" I probed. "What have you just thought of?"

"I don't know." She shrugged. "It could be a show of strength. He has taken out, murmured and imprisoned every friendly pack around us. We are alone in the sea of enemies. An island."

Ian nodded thoughtfully. "Cassie has a point." He mumbled. "He could take us out easily right now but he doesn't and I think it's because he wants to make it a big show."

A deathly silence swept around the table. Ian had a solid point there. Killing me quickly wouldn't send the kind of message Duncan needed to send. But making a spectacle of it? Making it theatre then that would. No one would move against him.

And everything would be lost.

"But I think it's more than that." Ian continued. "With everything that is happening here, it's like they are trying to weaken us." He met my eyes, asking silently if he should continue. I nodded my head.

"The disappearance-"

"Are happening to everyone." Scarlett mumbled. Her eyes locked downward

I glared at her. 

"And yet they seem to be centred around our king and queen. This morning Julian himself heard what Cassie had been hearing. Last night they both saw something."

"They are trying to weaken us." Someone said.

"Yes but why would they bother if we were so weak? So easily to break. There is something here that they need out of the way."

"Yes." Cassie said quickly. "Julian hearing things just proves that. We need-"

"I don't think it's me, they are trying to weaken my love." I said softly and her cheeks flushed.

"What do you mean?" She stuttered. "You're the king. You are who we are all fighting for. Weakening you , breaking you would break us."

I exchanged a smile with Ian who shook his head. It was clear he had come to the same conclusion as I had.

"I am just one man Cassie."

Her eyes flashed. "You are king and a powerful alpha." I retorted. 

"But-"

"King Julian is right." Ian said softly. "They may want Julian dead, but for some reason they won't attack us directly which means there is something here." Ian's eyes found Cassies and I could almost hear him willing her to catch up. But she continued to look puzzled.

"Something powerful that they are afraid of. Maybe something with magic."

Silence spread across the table and all eyes turned towards my mate. She was the only one here with any sort of magic.

"I only have a tiny bit." She whispered. "A little healing. I don't even have any real control over it."

"And the fact you can force peoples shifts. You can order their wolves." I said quietly. "Who knows what other powers you have my love."

"I don't-" she began to say.

"We don't know that for sure, all we know for certain is that our enemies are trying to get you out of the picture." Ian said gruffly. "Any way they can and we need to find out the reason before they make their move."
###chapter 175
Cassie

"I am not powerful." I muttered. "I have a little magic from the Lycan blood in me but it's nothing dangerous. A little healing." I stumbled over my own words. My eyes glued to the scarred wood of the table. I didn't want to look at anyone in this room and see the accusations in their eyes because that's what I would see.

They were going to blame me for what was happening to everyone , like somehow I was responsible for it. 

I knew I wasn't. I couldn't be and I was sick and tired of being blamed for things that were out of my control. I was sick and tired of being blamed for mistakes men had made.

Slowly I lifted my chin and with it my shoulders straightened. Julian and Ian were right. I was queen. "I am not to blame for what is happening here." I said firmly and several pairs of eyes darted away from my anger. 

"No one said you are to blame Cassie." Under the table Julian let go of my hand and squeezed my knee instead. "No one here is ever going to blame you for anything ever again."

The feel of his fingers , rough against my skin, was distracting. But then that's why he was doing it. To try and take my mind off of things. Part of me wanted that. Wanted to think about other things , like his big hands caressing me but-

I moved my leg away and shook my head. The time for acting like the damsel in distress was over. And I wouldn't let Julian take my mind off of things. Even if I desperately wanted him to.

"You are to be protected at all costs." Julian lifted his eyes to me beseechingly. "That's what we are saying. That you are special in a way that we haven't worked out yet and that Duncan-"

"Duncan will keep coming after you." Scarlett said with a firm nod of her head. "So we must keep you safe. I'll double the guards in the pack house now you are both staying here and maybe -"

"No." My chair scraped back as I stood up. 

"No my love?" Julian reached for my hand and again I moved away from it but flashed him a smile. I didn't want him to think I was angry at him because I wasn't. I was angry at this whole situation. 

"We need to keep you safe." Ian added.

"And no amount of guards is going to do that." I spat. Why couldn't they get it. Whatever was happening to us couldn't be fought with extra guards at the door. If they were right and this thing was after me then I had to be able to protect myself.

Both mentally and physically.

"If you will excuse me." I inclined my head to the table politely.

"Where are you going Cassie?"

I turned to my husband. "To train. I need to be able to defend myself and I am no use here. Once I have trained a little then I will go to the infirmary and try to help." Bending down I kissed his cheek. "I want to help and feel useful."

Julian's eyes locked with mine and it looked like he was going to argue with me and then he nodded his head. "Be careful." He said instead. 

I knew he wasn't telling me to be careful at training because he knew deep down that that wasn't where I was going to go. I needed answers, we both did and we wouldn't get them in this never ending meeting.  

"I'll meet you in the training building in two hours." His eyes met mine unblinking. That's how long he was giving me to snoop around. How long he would be keeping everyone busy.

"I'll look forward to it." I swept away, rushing from the room and closing the door softly behind me.

"M'lady?" Kips voice took me by surprise and I whirled around, clutching at my throat. It was wierd because for a second it was like he had just appeared out of nowhere and I hadn't recognised him at all.

A second later and the confusion disappeared. "Kip." I rushed forward and hugged him. "Where have you been?" I asked as he cuddled me back awkwardly. "It's been days since I saw you , I thought-" I trailed off with a frown. I don't know what I had thought? That he had disappeared? That he had winked out of existence like Yanna? I didn't know. 

"I'm here now." He untangled himself from my arms. 

"Where were you?" I searched his narrow adolescent face.

"I don't know- " he began to say and then shook himself. "I guess I got caught up in something my queen but I am back now and ready to serve you." He gave a small bow and I frowned. 

"Let's get out of here." I looped my arm through his and began walking.  The way I treated him wasn't very queenly but I just didn't care. Kip had come into my life when I had needed someone who would not act like I was royalty. I had needed a true friend , someone who had my back and that I could look after in return and the goddess had given me Kip.

"Training?"

I paused , turning to him. "How did you know that?"

He shrugged.

"Was you listening in at the door?" I asked my voice full of shock. 

"Maybe a little. I would have thought Ian would have come with you if you wanted to train."

I shook my head, dragging him away from the door and anyone on the other side that might be listening.

"Ian can't be involved in this." I whispered hissed.

"Why?"

"Because I'm not training. I'm on the hunt for information. Secret hidden information that Scarlett has locked away."

His eyebrows shot up. "We are going to try and break into my alphas personal things?"

I nodded, expecting him to say no. "You don't have to come with me."

"Of course I'm coming with you my queen. You need me , I am excellent and picking locks and finding out secrets."

It was my turn to look shocked. "You are?"

He nodded and walked away. Leaving me to stare at his back. The goddess had really come through for me when she had put Kip in my path. 

He seemed to be everything I ever needed whenever I needed it.
###chapter 176
Cassie

We tried not to make it obvious but ten minutes later we had slipped into the library and closed the door behind us 

"Well that was easier than I thought it would be." I said breathing heavily as I leant against the door. I didn't know why I was out of breath because we hadn't been running for our lives. Maybe because I had expected at any second to be stopped by some of Scarlett's guards and that had put me on edge.

Only no one stopped us, the few people we had come across had just bowed their head in deference and scurried away.

"Why did you think it would be hard?" Kip asked. There was a new found confidence in him , or maybe it had always been there and I just hadn't noticed it.

Searching the room for him I found him behind the very reading desk that hid the book I so desperately needed. A frown creased my forehead. 

How did he known it was there? Or was this just one big coincidence? 

Narrowing my eyes at him I saw him swing back on the chair, his feet up on the desk. A wicked glint in his eyes.

I don't know why but it made me angry. "Take your feet from that desk and show your alpha some respect."

I expected him to do it instantly and with a sheepish chagrin look on his face , what I wasn't expecting was the casual way he swung his legs down.

"Whatever you say Cassie."

My lips pulled back in a snarl. I didn't know why he was acting this way, it was so out of character for him. But was it? How much did I really know about the boy I had named my protector?

"Of course your majesty." He bowed his head in deference. But kept looking at me from under his lashes. "It's so strange calling you that." He mumbled.

I did a double take. "What do you mean by that?" I snapped.

"I just meant you told me to call you Cassie. Said that you didn't like titles and now-"

I'd heard enough, stalking towards him I slammed my hands down on the polished surface of the desk. "Enough, if you aren't going to help me then leave. Go back to whatever job Scarlett gave you." I was breathing heavily through my nose. So loud and fast that my chest rattled. "I no longer think this is going to work. I don't want to be around you."

Even saying the words hurt my heart. It was like I was banishing a beloved family member from my life. 

For a moment his face fell and then when he looked me straight in my eyes , his eyes were blazing with the first sign of his wolf that I had seen.

Power rippled over my skin. His power. No one so young should have so much.

"Who are you?" I couldn't help it I took a stumbling step backwards. Was Kip my enemy? Had I been so blinded by him that I hadn't seen the snake in our midsts?

"I am your friend Cassie. Always your friend and your protector. Think of me as a little brother. You do,don't you?" He cocked his head to the side and studied me for a few seconds before nodding. Dropping his hands to the desk he began to run his fingers over it. 

"There is no catch or-"

"You are so blind sometimes Cassie." He said with a shake of his head. "I've always thought so,"

He had always thought so? I frowned. What the hell did that mean. Before I could ask him he let out a small grunt of triumph.

I heard the small drawer spring free rather than saw it.

Rushing forward I leant over the desk as he drew the small red leather bound book out and held it in his hands.

"This is what you are looking for isn't it?"

I nodded silently. Holding out my hands.

Kip shook his head.

"Kip give me the book." I ordered when he didn't move. 

"Cassie please." The words came out of his mouth but seemed to come from so far away.

"What?" I blinked. "What did you say?" Nerves made my voice wobble.

Kip blinked at me in confusion. "I didn't say anything. I just asked why the book is so important?"

Readily he handed it over, like he hadn't been refusing just seconds before.

The book was heavy in my hand. Much to heavy for such a small thing and I let it slip through my fingers onto the desk with a thud.

"How did you know it was there Kip?" I asked staring between the book and him.

"You told me." He said quickly and I shook my head. I seemed to be in a permanent state of confusion but I knew I hadn't. I knew that much.

"No I didn't."

He gave a narrow shouldered shrug. "Maybe not. Maybe I'm just good at seeing hidden things. Mam always said I was excellent at finding hidden trouble wasn't she?"

"I don't know, I don't know your mother?" 

"Are you sure about that? Really Cassie come on. It's time to wake up and face the truth that's right in front of your face."

Kips' visage seemed to flicker, like a candle flickering in the wind.  I blinked and he was solid again.

Reaching up I massaged my temples where a headache was beginning to take a hold. 

"Mam always said you liked to bury your head in the sand." He chuckled. "It's time to wake up Cassie." He pushed the book forward towards me. "Take it your highness, take it." He edged it closer with the tips of his fingers. "This is what you wanted wasn't it? This is what you think will make this all better? You say you are ready for their to be no more secrets. That you are ready to know who the enemy is. But you can't even bring yourself to touch it, can you?"

"Don't you ever dare to talk to me like that ever again Kip" I growled out. I didn't know what was wrong with him and with everyone in this goddess damned place but I was fed up of it.

"Then look at the book you were so desperate to get Cassie. Look at it and see what is right in front of your face."

I didn't want to. He was right about that. I had been so desperate to find it but now it was right in front of me and I couldn't bring myself to look at it.

I screwed up my eyes.

"Open your eyes Cassie."

My eyes flew open and straight down to the book. 

On the worn red leather was one word. Embossed in gold.

Just one.

And it made my blood run cold.
 ###chapter 177
Cassie

I didn't meet Julian like I was meant to. Even though I knew he would be worried and send a search party out when I didn't turn up. Instead I ran, I ran away from the library and Kip who was acting weird and menacing around me and straight into the forest.

I ignored the people who had called after me, asking if I was ok. Because inside the spacious pack house I couldn't breathe. It was suffocating me.

My feet took me where I needed to go. North. Towards where I had seen that worn down cottage. I didn't know why I needed to go there but I knew I did.

I didn't shift and going on my human feet was slower but that was ok as well. I needed to go there, I wanted to but I was in no rush to run off to my doom.

Except maybe I was because any sane person would have gone straight to Julian and shown him the book. Told him all about the dread that had filled my heart by just looking at it.

"I knew you would find your way back here Cassie." An elderly woman stepped silently out of the trees. Wrapped in shadows.

I skidded to a stop. No not wrapped in shadows. She was just wearing grey. She wasn't some super natural boogie man. Just an elderly woman who had taken me by surprise.

"You knew?" Warily I took her in from head to toe. There was nothing scary about her. She was just an elderly woman with a smiling face and sad eyes. 

So why did she give me the creeps? Why did I want to run screaming back to the safety of my mates arms.

She cocked her head to the side. "You could do that Cassie." She said softly. 

I blinked rapidly at her in surprise. "How did you do that? How did you read my thoughts?" I asked.

" I didn't Cassie." She said with a twitch of her lips. "You did."

Confused, I took a step towards her. "Stop answering in riddles. How do you know my name?" I demanded. She didn't back down. Instead tilted her head up to stare into my eyes.

"Of course I know you Cassie. We all do. The real question is do you know yourself?"

More riddles. Frustration flowed through me. "Why was you watching me with the king?"

A small shrug. "It's my job to make sure you are well. My job to make sure you open your eyes and -"

I thrust the small red book out in front of me like a shield. It was so heavy in my hands. "What does that mean?" I asked.

She glanced down at it and her smile fell. Instead her face darkened. "Lies."

"What does lies mean?" I demanded.

The strange woman didn't answer me. Instead she turned on her heel and walked away quickly. I stared at her back for a minute before rushing after her.

She was leading me away from help. I knew it. She had tried yesterday and failed but we both knew she wouldn't fail today. I needed answers and she was the only one who would them to me. Maybe the only one who could

"Lies are all around you Cassie. You just need to wake up and realise the truth." She called back over  her shoulder.

"What the hell does that mean?" I rushed after her, catching her by the shoulder I spun her around. "Stop talking in riddles and tell me what this means." I demanded. The book fell to the floor, a splash of blood red leather in the white snow. Taking her shoulders in both of my hands I shook her.

"You know what it means. You wouldn't have found it if you didn't. You wouldn't see the word you do."

"Tell me, tell me something." I begged even though I hated myself for doing it. "Why did Scarlett tell me to not come after you?"

The old woman paused. "Because she knows that truth and she knows what will happen when you finally open your eyes. She is afraid." She said softly. "They are all afraid because it's already starting. Everyone here is on borrowed time?" She shook her long grey hair around her face.

"Is there going to be an attack? Will our enemies-"

She threw back her head and laughed. Loud rambunctious laughter that echoed through the trees.

"What is so funny. Just tell me what you know." She was really starting to drive me insane. Why couldn't she just answer honestly. Why all the secrets? My life was full of them. They swirled around me, casting an ever wider net that soon I wouldn't be able to detangle at all. 

"Tell me what -"

"You don't have any enemies,Cassie." She said softly, cutting me off. "Not really. Right now your biggest enemy is yourself. But hasn't that always been the case?"

"I don't know what you are talking about?"

"Lies." She hissed and my eyes snapped to the book before I could help myself. 

That's what the book said as well.

Lies.

But what were lies and what was the truth?

"The truth is right in front of your face Cassie." Reaching out she touched a finger to my heart. "It's right here." She tapped her finger three times in time with my heart beat.  "The truth lies in your heart you just need to open your eyes to the real world and see it." She smiled sadly. "I know the lies are easier. I know that. Just like I know it's frightening to peel back those lies to expose-"

Opening my mouth I screamed at her. "Just tell me."

"I can't Cassie, I can't tell you. You need to work this out for yourself but-" 

"No more excuses. I want to know." I demanded 

"And you will. It's already starting and that's why you are so afraid." Tenderly she cupped my cheek in my hand and smiled. "You can't fight it now. Go back to your mate. He needs you and I'm sorry Cassie. I really am."

"Sorry about what?" I asked under my breath but I didn't want to know the answer.

"Sorry that this is going to be so painful for you. I'm sorry Cassie but the worse is yet to come. You are going to have to be brave."
###chapter 178
Julian 

"Where is she?" I screamed. The words rumbling through my chest and out of my body in a thunderous roar.  A deathly silence fell. And that was fine by me. They should be quiet, they should be scared. Because if anything had happened to my mate then I was going to lay waste to this entire pack. Even if they were friends. Some of the only friends I had in the entire world right now.

None of that mattered to me. Just like it didn't matter to me that this was as much my fault as it was theirs. In a way it was more my fault because I had known she was going to go and snoop around and wasn't coming to train like she said. I had known and I had let her go anyway. We had both wanted answers. 

I had been just as desperate for them as she had been and now it might just have cost me her.

"Julian."

I speared Scarlett in place with my eyes and she quickly looked at her feet. 

"Your highness." She amended quickly. "We have people out looking for her."

"Where are your guards Scarlett?" I retorted quickly. My anger was aimed mainly at her which wasn't fair but life wasn't fair. 

None of this was fair. 

Slowly she lifted her eyes to me. In their depths I saw a little defiance. Like she was asking me where my guards were. Why hadn't I sent some with my wife if I cared so much about her? 

It was a good question.

"Kip is with her." Ian said unhelpfully.

"Kip is a child." I snapped back. 

Ian shook his head. "Kip won't let anything happen to her. He's young and untrained, yes but he's as protective of her as any brother. He won't let anything happen to her."

I wanted to believe that. I took a deep breath and tried to settle the nerves that were threatening to overwhelm and overtake me.

"Why is no one coming forward?" Ian asked softly and this time his accusing eyes were on Scarlett. "Have none of your staff seen her?"

"Lots of them have." She retorted. "But they wouldn't stop her going where she was going. That is way above their pay grade. She is their queen. So they just lowered their eyes and got out of her way. She was seen with Kip, in the east wing." Scarlett's eyes darted to mine. 

I kept my face neutral. The small east wing was where she kept her small library.

"She did mention she lost a-" lying on the spot was harder than I thought it would be. I couldn't think of a viable story.  "An earring. A diamond one I gave her for a wedding present." I finished off lamely 

For a second Scarlett looked at me with a look of complete disgust on her face. "I see." She said in a voice that said she didn't believe a word I was saying. Again my interest was piqued. 

What was it that she was hiding? 

"I can't remember her ever wearing earrings so she must be frantic finding this very special pair." She said and with just a few words told me she knew I was lying. 

I held her eyes unblinking. 

"Maybe we should send someone to look for her there?" Ian asked, trying to defuse the situation. 

"She was seen after that heading outside."

My head snapped up and I glared at her. "And you are just mentioning this now?" Again my chest rumbled with my anger.

"I have people looking for her." Scarlett said. "They are following her scent and-"

"We will find her Julian." Ian placed a calming hand on my arm. 

"I am right here." Cassies voice was small and breathless. Like she had been running.

The three of us turned. The lingering council members slower.

And there she was. Her chest heaving, her cheeks flushed pink and her eyes-

Her eyes were hollow and haunted.

I let my eyes sweep over her. She was hugging herself , shivering like she was cold and her trousers were wet up past the knee.

Instantly I was in front of her. Closing my hands around her biceps I held her out at arms length. My eyes sweeping up and down her body as I checked for injury. "Are you hurt?"

She shook her head mutely. Her usual glossy dark hair was lank and lifeless, just like her eyes. 

Something had clearly happened , it had to of to put that haunted look in her eyes. 

"I fell a few times." She finally admitted.

I glanced down at her wet trousers. "Were you running from something?" Loosening my grip on her arms I pulled her into my body and wrapped my arms around her. Holding her as close as I could without crushing her ribs.

"If anything was chasing you," I began to say.

"I'll go." Ian said quickly. His boots already moving towards us. "Just tell me what I am hunting, Cassie? What has made you so afraid?"

She lifted her head from my chest. "Nothing chased me, nothing happened." She said in a flat monotone voice. "I just had a horrible feeling that something was happening here. I was walking and clearing my head and I had this awful sense that Julian needed me."

I tightened my arms around her. "I always need you by my side Cassie. But I am fine."

She didn't say anything, instead she held me harder. 

I frowned down at her even as I pressed a kiss to the top of her head. Her hair smelt strange. Musty. Like it hadn't been washed properly in weeks. It was a weird mixture of greasy and dry as well.

I rubbed a few strands between my fingers.

"Will you all excuse me?" I asked the others. "I want to take my wife and -"

"Go and make her comfortable. I will deal with anything that comes up here." His eyes met mine. "If you need me then just shout."

I nodded my head in thanks and lead my mate away with my arm around her shoulders. I wasn't lying when I said I wanted to get her comfortable but I also wanted to know what she had found out.

What had taken the light out of her eyes?
###chapter 179
Cassie

The moment our bedroom door closed I was in his arms. Hiding my face against his chest and sobbing. Julian didn't even hesitate in holding me. 

"What's wrong Cassie?" He asked. Smoothing his hand down my bank and murmuring my name over and over again. "Tell me what happened?" 

In answer I just tightened my arms around him and sobbed. Great heaving sobs that left my throat dry and raw. 

"Please tell me why you are crying?" He asked softly and I could hear the worry in his voice.

"I don't know." I muttered and that was the truth. I didn't know why I was so upset. Nothing bad had really happened. The old woman had frightened me , not from her actions. She hadn't hurt me in anyway but from her words. There was so much truth in them, that I couldn't help but feel afraid.

Something was going to happen, I could feel it in my gut and it was going to be something bad.

I clutched at him a little tighter, willing my heart to calm down.

"She said-" I finally managed. "She said you were going to need me. And I was filled with so much dread." 

"I'm fine Cassie." Julian's fingers curled around my chin. "I am fine and I am right here. Nothing bad is going to happen. We aren't going to lose each other. We will stick together until this is over and then-"

I craned my neck to stare up at his face. "Let's leave Julian." I interrupted him sharply.

His eyes grew misty. "You want to go home? To our little house on the hill?" He sighed. "I get that. This room isn't home and that place has become it for us. I can arrange that for us. It might take me a few hours to find guards but I can have you there in the morning."

Home. That's what he had called it and in a way it was but how could it be home without our boys with us? 

I shook my head. "That's not what I meant." Muttering, I pulled myself out of his arms and turned away.

"We are going to die if we stay here." I said , my voice completely flat and emotionless which was the complete opposite to what was happening on the inside.

"No one is going to die Cassie. You are safe."

I wanted to scream at him that it wasn't me I was worried about. It was him, it was the twins  and everyone else I cared about.

"Let's just leave. Go to my real father and the Lycan and be with our children?" Even as I said it I knew he was going to shoot that idea down.

"I can't just leave my people and go and live as a king in exile with the Lycans and you know it." Julian sounded tired. "My place is here."

My anger exploded out of my chest in a growl that vibrated the windows. Julians eyebrows shot upwards. "Cassie." He warned.

"No. You choose other people over us over and over again. I am used to it now." My shoulders hunched.

He came to me quickly. "I am king and they are my people. I owe them." 

"You owe us as well. It's all unravelling." I muttered, turning my back to him and looking around. This was the room that Scarlett had given us. It was a comfortable room , a nice room but none of it seemed real. Edges and lines that should have been sharp and defined seemed to blur before my eyes.

Raising my hands I scrubbed at them and my hands came away wet. I was crying , I told myself. That's why things seemed blurry. 

It was the only possible explanation.

"I know your scared."

I whirled on him. "I'm terrified." I admitted raggedly. "Look around you , does this feel real to you? All of this mess? This-" spreading my arms wide I span around.

I could feel Julian's eyes on me. Worried. He should be worried because I was losing it. My sense of reality was unraveling. That's what it felt like.

"What happened that has made you so afraid Cassie?" He said again. "Did you find the book?"

I nodded silently. "The book and the woman. She had a lot to say." Blowing out a breath I began to strip off my clothes. Shivering as the cold air hit my skin.

"Did she hurt you?" He asked coming up behind me, and sliding his arms around my waist to pull me into his body. "No." I shook my head. "No she didn't hurt me. We spoke for a little while."

"What is she?" His lips moved against my shoulder. 

I hesitated. "A woman, about sixty or so. Grey hair-"

"You remember her this time?"

I nodded mutely. I hadn't even thought about it but he was right I did remember her. In fact her image seemed to be burnt into my brain. 

"What was she?" He asked again.

"A woman." I frowned. "A doctor." I didn't know how I knew that but I knew it was true. She felt like a doctor or a healer in my head. 

"I meant, what kind of creature is she?"

I shrugged. "I don't know. She felt familiar. So wolf maybe." Shivering I slipped from his arms and headed towards the big bed. "Can we talk about this tomorrow Julian. Like you said everyone is fine and I am so cold and tired. I just want to lay down and close my eyes."

Not waiting for him to respond I slipped between the cool sheets and closed my eyes.

After a few seconds Julian climbed in next to me. We lay there side by side both of us looking up and the ceiling and not touching each other.

"Can you tell me what she said to you? Just some of it?"

My breath rattled in my chest. "She said I needed to wake up."

"Wake up? Was you sleep walking?" He meant it as a joke but it wasn't funny. Truthfully the last few months had been weird. More than once it had felt like I was sleepwalking.

"She said that things were going to get bad and that I had to be brave."

There was a rustle as he turned his head on the pillow to look at me. "You are the bravest person I know." He said softly.

I smiled sadly. I wished that was true.

"Anything else?"

"Nothing important." I lied.

"And the book?"

Instantly I stiffened. "I haven't looked inside of it." I admitted. "It scares me."

"What was the title?" He asked. I didn't answer. "Cassie what does the title say?"

"Lies."
###chapter 180
Julian 

We woke up at the same time. Although I knew that Cassie hadn't really been to sleep. She had just laid there all night. Unmoving and staring at the ceiling. Sleep had alluded me as well. I'd spent the night worrying about her. And throwing glances at her out of the corner of my eye.

She had been so evasive about what had happened last night but she couldn't keep the fear out of her voice when she spoke about it. Especially when she that one word.

Lies.

It seemed to echo around my mind. 

What was a lie? My love for her wasn't. I knew that. Our babies weren't either. 

Me and Cassie was true. But everything else? What lies wrapped around us. I wasn't a fool. I knew not everyone around me was truthful. Even back when I had just been a prince people had lied. 

The real question was why Cassie had such a reaction to it? Did she have secrets? Was she telling me lies? And if so what could they be?

Rolling on my side I stared at her. She still hadn't moved and I knew her body and muscles must be stiff. 

"Good morning." I said in a whisper.

"Morning." She answered instantly.

Reaching our I ran my hands down her cheek. "How did you sleep?"

"Fine." Her tone was clipped.

And there was the first lie of the day. 

Moving closer to her , I held my weight up on my elbows and stared down at her exhausted looking face. "Please talk to me." I said quietly. 

Her eyes flicked up to meet mine. "I'm fine."

Another lie. My eyebrows slammed down. "No you're not. Please don't keep secrets from me. What are you thinking right now."

She gave a small shrug. 

"Cassie." I warned. 

"I don't know Julian." Her voice was as tired as she looked. "I've been feeling out of it for a while. Like I'm walking through a dream."

My eyes widened. "You're not crazy." I reminded her quickly. "I heard the boys as well. I wanted to go to them so badly. If you're losing your mind then so am I." 

She smiled a little sadly. "I know and it's not that. At first when I started hearing and seeing things I thought I might be nuts but now I know I'm not." She took a deep breath. "It's just-" she paused.

"It's just what?" I asked carefully. She was so fragile. Not because I thought she was going to break. I knew better than that. There was only one thing that would truly break her and that didn't bear thinking about. I shook the thought away.

No, Cassie was fragile because she was letting me into what was worrying her instead of keeping it locked inside and dealing with it by herself.

"Does this feel real to you?" Finally she turned on to her side so we were face to face. "Does it?" She demanded.

I took a moment to mull over her questions and then I sighed. "Sometimes I feel like this is a nightmare." I admitted. "So many bad things have happened to us and our people. I've made so many mistakes. Especially when it comes to you." Carefully I leant forward and kissed her lips softly. "But this is real." Another kiss, cassies lips didn't soften under mine.

"Cassie." I pulled away slightly. "Look at me."

She did so reluctantly.

"This is real. When I touch you." I ran my hands down her arms. "When I kiss you." Another kiss on her lips and this time she kissed me back softly , which made my smile grow. "I know it's real. Me and you are not a lie. Trust me in that." Another kiss and this time her arms wrapped around my neck. Pulling me down on to her, so I half covered her body.

"Cling on to that, cling on to me and just believe in that."

Murmured against her soft lips. "Our love is not a lie."

Cassies arms tightened, pulling me down until I was crushing her. Her lips parted under mine. Her tongue came up to tangle with mine and then there was nothing else but me and her.

And in this uncertain time, this was exactly what we needed. Just a few moments to cling to each other and remind ourselves that we were the most realist thing in our world.

Our love was real. 

A love that had started when we were just children and had somehow survived through everything to be stronger than ever.

Groaning, I rolled on top of her completely. Trapping her wrists against the pillows as I plundered her mouth. It was so easy to forget the rest of the world when I was kissing her.

A crash from outside the door, and the heavy thud of more than one set of footsteps sprinting past. Cassie snatched her head away. Her eyes wide.

Shouting hit my ears. Loud and insistent. 

"Julian what is happening?" Cassie whispered.

"I don't know. Stay here." Heaving myself up from my bed I walked naked towards the door and flung it open. 

"Your highness." A maid skidded to a stop. Her eyes wide and looming no where but at my face. "We didn't mean to-"

I cut her off. "What is happening?" I ordered.

"Someone just walked into our lands and asked for sanctuary." She said breathlessly. "Someone from the palace."

"Who?" I glanced behind me to where my wife was sat up in the bed clutching the sheets to her chest.

"I don't know, the patrol is just brining her in now. Blonde and young is all I know. Excuse me I need to-" she went to rush off and then hesitated. "She is pregnant as well. So maybe the queen will look at her and make sure she is ok. She is such a great doctor." 

I froze. My skin turning icy.

A pregnant blonde refugee?

"Thank you." I closed the door softly and turned back to Cassie. Who looked shell shocked.

"It's not-" I began to say but I couldn't finish because we both knew who it was going to be.

Megan.
###chapter 181
Cassie

We both threw our clothes on, quite literally. Neither one of us looking at each other. We didn't need to. We both knew what the other was thinking. 

It had to be Megan.

And it had to be a trap. There was no other explanation as to why she would come here. If somehow Duncan had let her go or she had escaped then surely the smart thing to do was to run far far away.

"Ready?" Julian's voice shook. Tying my boots I glanced up at him through my eyelashes. He looked worried but was trying hard not to show it to me. A million thoughts were warring across his face and I wish I could read just a handful of them.

"Yeah." Straightening I went to stand next to him, lifting my hands to place them on his shoulders. Instantly his hands curled around my hips. Not dragging me towards him, but holding me.

"Are you?" I asked and a flicker of self doubt darkened his eyes for a moment before he nodded. 

"I will as long as you are by my side." 

"I'm not going anywhere." I promised and I desperately hoped that it was a promise i could keep. "Why do you think she is here?"

He looked away sharply and I felt my heart splinter. Did Julian still have feelings for her?  Was that why he wouldn't meet my eyes? 

Catching my look, Julian sighed. "I don't know. For help maybe." 

He didn't sound like he believed it and I sure as hell didn't. 

"Ok." I said. My voice was casual. Too casual and he noticed it straight away. 

"I love you Cassie." He said softly. His hand slid under the back of my hair and pulled my face towards him. Julian's eyes bored down into mine. "If you don't believe anything else believe that. I thought I cared for Megan because she was the one in the hospital that day after our wedding." A brush of his lips against mine. "I wanted to believe I had found my mate and I had because that person was you and I was blind to it. Deep down I knew it wasn't her and then she said she was pregnant." He shook his head.

"I don't think she ever was. I think-" my voice was thick and I cleared my throat.

"I know she wasn't now. She was trying to trap me but I had to play the game. That's what everyone had said. I had to pretend for just a little while. Fool people into thinking I loved her." He sighed heavily. "I had to share a home with her. Watch her try and take your place as my mate and live with the fact that my actions." He stabbed himself in the chest with his finger. "Had driven you away. My enemies hurt you again and again but most of all I hurt you. And then-"

I closed my eyes. He had told me all of this before but it still hurt to hear it. "She got pregnant for real." I whispered.

"Yeah."

"And it's yours?" I couldn't bring myself to open my eyes and look at him.

"She says it is. Told me with great glee that she had been- inseminating herself for months and then one night I'm pretty sure I was drugged or fall down drunk. Either way."

"If the baby is yours then you have responsibilities." I finished for him lamely

"Yes. Can you- will you?" He sucked in a breath. "Be able to handle that?"

"I don't know." I answered honestly. Because lying right now wouldn't do either of us any good. "The baby is innocent." I said finally. "Even if it's mother isn't and I would never be able to love you if you walked away from your own child." My breath shuddered in my chest. "I'll have to deal with my own insecurities." 

Julian's eyes flashed. "You have no reason to be insecure. None." Tenderly he kissed my mouth and my lips parted under his.

For a few blissful minutes we lost ourselves in the feel and taste of each other. It was the most perfect kiss but I couldn't help but feel that it was a kiss of goodbye.

"I love you." He said when we finally broke free of each other.

"I love you too." 

"Are we ready?" Stepping back he held out his hand. I slipped my hand into his.

"As ready as I will ever be." I forced myself to smile. No matter how I was feeling inside when we walked down and came face to face with Megan. The woman who had started all of this , we needed to be one united front. We needed to be solid.

Moving down the stairs and into the main meeting room seemed to take a fraction of a second , like we had teleported there and not slowly walked. And the entire time my heart thundered in my chest.

Lies.

The word span around and around in my head. Impossible to ignore or tune out. I didn't need reminding that Megan was a liar. She always had been. Always would be. 

I wouldn't trust anything that came out of her snake mouth.

The doors to the meeting room were flung open and loud voices filtered out. My steps faltered , Julian squeezed my fingers.

"She belongs in the hospital." A male voice said

"She belongs in a god damn cell or with her head on a spike." That voice was definitely Ian's and he sounded angry. "We need to tell the King."

Julian stepped forward, pulling me with him. "No need. I am here." 

The moment he spoke there was a girly feminine scream and there she was. The blonde from all of my nightmares. Her massively pregnant stomach barely contained in a baby pink dress.

I had a moment to wonder why she looked ready to pop and then she threw herself at Julian's feet.

"Julian." She clawed at his trouser leg. Looking weak and pitiful. I glanced at Julian's face and saw his features soften.

LIES.

"Please help us Julian. They are trying to kill our baby."
###chapter 182
Julian 

Kill our baby.

She couldn't have said anything else that would soften my regards to her. Megan deserved everything she got but the baby growing inside her belly, didn't.

My baby.

If what she said was true anyway. I had every reason to doubt her but for some reason I didn't.

I met Ian's eyes and he frowned at me. I knew what he was thinking , what they were all thinking so no one needed to say anything. 

Dropping Cassie's hand , I reached down to heave Megan to her feet. My eyes caught Ian's startled wide eyed glance and I looked away quickly.

I had dropped my mate's hand for my mistress, that's what they were thinking but it wasn't like that. Megan was weak , she was pregnant. She needed someone to show her an ounce of compassion. 

It didn't mean anything. I just didn't want to start my reign by being the kind of king who would let a heavily pregnant woman grovel at his feet. 

Cassie herself had said that I needed to be better than those who had come before me and I was trying to do that. 

Cassie would understand why I had dropped her hand.

Lifting Megan to her feet, I steadied her with my hands light on her shoulders. "No one is going to hurt your or your baby." I said softly and she lifted her eyes to me. I frowned. She looked different without all the layers of makeup on her face.

She didn't even have mascara on , the eyelashes that framed her pale eyes were blonde and stumpy. 

"Please Julian." She begged again , this time her hands came down to rest on my chest. 

From next to me, I heard Cassie's startled intake of breath and turned to her before I could stop myself. My eyes beseeching her to understand.

She didn't understand.

Accusation flooded her eyes. 

"Why have you come here Megan?" I asked turning my attention back to her. My wife stayed silent. Docile and submissive.

The thought made the corners of my mouth twitch there was nothing docile or submissive about Cassie but she wouldn't make a scene in front of Megan. Alone she would rip me a new one.

I pictured the hurt look in her eyes and sighed again. Or maybe she wouldn't. That was a scary thought. When Cassie was quiet she was angry with me and had given up. I wanted her to rip me a new one the moment we were alone. 

"To ask for shelter. I don't have anywhere else to go, Julian." Megan's wail brought me back to myself. 

"So you came to me?"

"I know you don't care for me anymore but our child is-"

"He has never cared for you." Ian spat and I shot him a warning look. This wasn't helping. 

"And what of Duncan?" Cassie's small voice spoke from just behind my shoulder. 

Megan's eyes flashed towards her and widened in shock. Like it was a surprise to see her standing by my side.

"I escaped him." Megan made a big show of looking scared. "He was a monster. He hurt people."

"I'm more than aware of that but wasn't he the love of your life. Weren't you meant to be his queen and rule at his side?" There was venom in Cassie's voice now. "But then again weren't you standing by my fathers side as well."

"Cassie." I whispered a warning. 

She ignored me completely. The two women stared at each other. Like they were facing off before a massive fight and that's exactly what was going to happen if I let this carry on.

Cassie had every right to fight, except- my eyes travelled to Megan's belly.

"And then there was the fact that you tried to steal my husband away from me. Tried to kill my babies-"

Megan's eyes widened.

I frowned, hadn't she known? 

"Is that all that takes to get you into bed Megan, the promise of power?"

I had never heard Cassie sound so full of hatred. 

"Your husband was more than willing-" Megan began to retort and I stepped in between the two of them quickly before things got physical.

"Enough." I said quietly. 

Across from us Ian shook his head. A clear warning that I was doing the wrong thing. I ignored him completely.

"Thank you Julian." Megan's hand came down on my arm. Her nails were dirty and grimy. "Thank you for always looking after me and our child."

I saw the grin she aimed at my wife before she tried to hide it. This was a game for Megan. Another one. I was a fool to believe for a second that she was here for any other reason than to try and sow discord between me and Cassie.

And I had let her.

"Excuse me." Not waiting for a reply, Cassie turned on her heels and walked away. Her back straight and her long dark hair swishing down her spine.

"Thank the goddess she has gone."

I whirled on Megan. Gripping her cheeks in one hand and squeezing until her eyes widened in shock.

"You do not get to address my queen that way. Not now and not ever." I spat. "You will treat her with respect."

"Yes Julian."

Ian cleared his throat.

"Yes your highness I didn't mean- please forgive me." She stuttered. 

I wasn't fooled. She couldn't pull the wool over my eyes. Not anymore. 

What had Cassie said about lies? I saw straight through all of Megan's now.

"Scarlett can you find Megan some clean clothes and warm food and -"

The alpha stepped forward. "I'll see to it that she has a secure comfortable room and the things she needs. I won't let you down."

"I know. Thank you. I just have one thing to do and then I will come and question her some more. Ian?"

"I'll stand guard Julian." My second said.

I knew he would and that's why I asked him. I didn't trust anyone else. I wouldn't have let Megan out of my sight because she was clearly up to something but-

Turning around I rushed out of the room and after my mates retreating back. "Cassie please stop."
###chapter 183
Cassie

I knew this would happen, I knew it and yet when he dropped my hand to hold her up , it had felt like a knife slicing into my heart.

Julian was going to cut my heart out against and this time it would kill me.

LIES

There it was that word again. Tumbling over and over in my head like tumbleweed. The grey woman had tried to warn me that things were going to get bad. The title of the book had whispered to me that I was surrounded by lies and deceit and I knew that was true because I couldn't open it.

I was just too afraid of what I would read on those pages. 

But I had assumed it was an attack that was going to happen. I was ready for that.

What I wasn't ready for was Megan and how soft Julian's eyes had got when he had looked at her stomach. He might say he didn't care for her anymore or that he never did. 

Julian never got to see me pregnant. He had never looked at me with that soft wistful look in his eyes.

My shoulder was caught in a strong hand and I was whirled around.

"I called after you." Julian said in greeting. "You seemed to speed up. Are you running away from me?" He looped one arm around my waist and tilted my chin up with the other hand. "Why are you running away from me?"

Biting my lip, I hesitated. To tell him the truth would make me sound like a jealous bitter woman.

LIES

I pushed the thought away. Some lies were necessary I told myself.

"It hurt you." Julian said yanking me into him so we bumped together. "When I dropped your hand." 

He said it in such a matter of fact kind of way that I didn't answer him. What would be the point anyway? He already knew the truth. 

"I just didn't want her to fall."

"I know. I know." I said stronger and louder than before. "It wasn't that. It wasn't just that anyway-" I amended, I looked away quickly.

"I love you Cassie, but-"

I tore myself out of his arms and stomped away. Of course there was a but at the end of his sentence. There was always a but when it came to Megan.

He acted differently around her even after everything she had done. 

"Cassie stop this." Again he caught my shoulder but this time I was ready for him. Shaking him off I turned with a growl into his face. 

"You are acting like you are  jealous."

His words made the growl die on my lips. Was that what he really thought? Of course he would be right. I was jealous and I had every right to be. Something he couldn't seem to understand.

"I love you Cassie." Reaching out he rubbed his thumb across my lip. "Only you. But Megan might be carrying my child. Don't I owe that child some protection."

I huffed. "Of course you do." I admitted with a sigh. "And I wouldn't like you if you didn't love and look after that child but-"

"I have no feelings for her ,Cassie. You are my mate and I love you with all my heart. I just don't want to be the kind of ruler who," he shook his head. "Well you know what I'm talking about. I understand this is painful for you, so maybe you should stay away from her for a little while until tempers start to cool down. You let her get under your skin too easily and Megan is going to play on that."

The moment he said it he knew he had made a mistake. One of several that had come out of his mouth in the last few minutes.

"Don't even say it Cassie." He warned with a low snarl.

I met his eyes and my lips thinned. Oh I was going to say it alright. "I should have known you would want to be alone with her."

His eyes darkened but I didn't stick around to sneer at him. Instead I walked away, my shoulders held high. 

"Well." I threw over my shoulder. "I won't get in the way."

" Stop this right now. I understand that you don't like this but-" I could hear his feet chasing after me. But I didn't look back.

My feet sped up.

"You are my wife, my mate and the love of my life Cassie." He called after me. His voice sadly broken. "Please don't shut me out. I need you."

It took everything in my power to not turn around and rush into his arms. I knew I was being unreasonable. I just couldn't help myself. The image of his hands on her and his eyes lovingly looking at her belly were scorched into my retinas. 

I was hurting and I wanted to hurt him in return. I wanted to hurt them all.

WAKE UP.

LIES.

The words thundered in my head. Was my brain trying to tell me to wake up to the lies that Julian was telling me when he said he didn't care for Megan or was it something else. I didn't know and I was too tired to try and figure it out. 

I just wanted to wake up and find out that all of this was a nightmare. 

"And she is your mistress." I let out a sarcastic little laugh. "But your king, so I guess you are allowed both."

Behind me I heard him growl. 

"I'm tired Julian." I called back to him. "And I need some alone time. Go back and make sure your mistress is fine. I won't make anymore of a scene don't worry."

I sounded bitter.

I was ok with sounding bitter.

Hunching my shoulsers I hurried forward a few steps. Only to have my feet taken from under me. Julian caught me around the middle and swung me up and over his shoulder.

I shrieked, beating at his back with my small fists.

"Get off me, you big overgrown brute of a mutt."

Smack, his hand came down hard on my ass. "Not until I prove to you how much you mean to me." He said as he kneaded the stinging cheek.

"Not until you stop being angry with me and tell me you love me."

I growled at him. "You're mistress is waiting."

I didn't need to see to know he had rolled his eyes. "I don't have a mistress, queen Cassie. I have a mate and a wife. She is all I will ever need. Even if sometimes she drives me absolutely insane."
###chapter 184
Julian

The moment I had her back in our room and the door had clicked closed behind us I slammed her into it. Hard enough for her head to bounce off the wood but not hard enough to hurt her.

Catching her under the ass, I wrapped her legs around my waist and lowered my head to hers. Cassie moved her face away before I could find and claim her lips.

I let a growl tumble from my lips.

"Cassie." I warned when she stubbornly refused to look at me. 

I knew she was angry. I understood that anger but this jealousy was insane. 

"Look at me." I demanded putting all of my alpha power into it. She turned her head slowly. Her eyes shining with unshed tears. 

Those eyes broke my heart. Holding her up with one arm , I stroked my fingers down my cheek with the other. "I love you and only you." I whispered and this time I hoped she would hear me. 

A single tear fell down her cheek and I caught it up with my lips. Kissing it away. I trailed kisses all over her face before finally finding her lips with mine.

Hers were soft, salty from the tears but somehow that just made her lips even sweeter.  Not because she was crying for me. I never wanted that but because those tears meant she loved me. Just like I loved her.

"I love you too." She sucked my bottom lip into her mouth hard and the atmosphere in the room changed. Became heated. Super charged.

Dropping my mouth from her lips to her throat I grazed my teeth over it. Maybe now was the time to give her the mating mark. Claiming her completely as my own was one way of proving to her that she was the only woman for me. 

She clawed her fingers down my shirt, tugging it out from my trousers so she could run her hands up the muscles of my stomach and chest. My body hardened under hers. Thickening and lengthening so that I had no choice but to grind it into her. 

"Goddess I want you." I nipped at her neck. Playfully , skilfully until she was panting and that's exactly how I needed her. 

At least this way Cassie knew how much she meant to me. This was one way I could prove to her that I loved her.

Hands roving down her body , I screwed the front of her leggings in my hands and pulled. Tearing them at the seams. 

"I always fucking want you." Fiddling between our bodies I freed myself. Fisting my cock up and down as I guided it to her tight wet opening. 

"Do you?" Cassie's small sharp nails dug into my shoulders. "Or is this sudden fit of lust because you have just seen-"

I silenced her by thrusting up into her. Filling her completely. Cassies head fell back, her eyes rolling into the back of her head.

"You." I slammed into her over and over again. With enough force that the door creaked and groaned. "Are the reason Cassie. Only you." I punctuated each word with a thrust. Each more brutal than the one before and Cassie took me willingly. Clinging to me with her head thrown back and my name falling over and over again from her lips.

"I can't get enough of you." Pivoting my hips I fought the urge to empty myself into her. My balls drew up painfully tight and I had to fight back the need to cum already. "You drive me insane. Your face, your hair." Taking her earlobe into my mouth I sucked on it. "Your smile and the sound of your laugh." 

Her breath hitched and I knew she was close. Each thrust almost making her crest. And that's what I wanted. I wanted her to cum on my dick. I needed to feel her pussy clench and flutter around me.

Bending my knees I changed the angle. Making it deeper, harder.

She went over the edge with a scream that I knew the rest of the house had heard. I didn't care. The whole world could hear me fucking my wife and I was ok with that because it proved to the world that she was mine.

"I love this tight pussy of yours gripping me tight and-"

I came then, thrown over the abyss with her.

Stream after stream of cum filled her. So much that I knew people who smell it on her for days to come. 

"Julian."  Sleepily she laid her head on my shoulder.

"I've got you" Shifting her weight I carried her to the bed and laid her in the middle of it.  Climbing up next to her, I watched her as she smiled with her eye closed.

"Cassie."

"I'm not asleep." She said, her eyes snapping open. "I know we have things to do."

"All of that can wait. We need to talk. Or more importantly I need to talk and you need to listen."

She turned her face away. So I had to move it back.

"Cassie listen to me, I love you," 

"Sex doesn't prove anything. Sex has never been a problem between us." She countered. "You could have been thinking about her."

"No it hasn't. But I want you to believe me when I say it's only you I want. Only you I picture. Sometimes I open my eyes and see your face and I'm mesmerised by how dreamy and perfect you look. I know things aren't great right now but-" I took a deep shaky breath. "You have every right to feel the way you do my love, every right not to believe a word out of my mouth but don't ever pull away from me again. If you can't believe my words.  Then touch me and let my heart talk to you. I am yours now and forever." Slowly I kissed her lips. "Not even death will stop me loving you."
###chapter 185
Cassie

"Are you really ok doing this?" Julian's hand was dry and warm in mine. And I took comfort in it. Letting the  warmth of his skin soothe me.  But even with him next to me I felt uneasy.

Stopping just outside the doorway to the infirmary Julian turned to me. "Cassie." He whispered so his words were for me and me only. "You don't need to do this. Scarlett's pack has healers that can look at her."

I shook my head. Which didn't really answer his question. "No it has to be me, I'm the only one qualified. Scarlett has healers but I am the only doctor."

My husband continued to stare at me. "This is going to be painful for you but thank you." Bending down he kissed the top of my head softly. 

"I am just going to treat her like any other patient." I mumbled. "A pregnant patient who needs a check up. I won't even think about the fact that the baby is yours and that she used to be your-"

He didn't let me finish. "Cassie." He said , his eyes flashing. 

Cocking my head to the side I smiled at him. "I'm joking. And I'm fine. I know this is going to be hard but I have to face her and this whole situation because it's not going away. If that baby is yours then Megan is going to be in your life."

"Our life." He corrected me. 

"Yeah."

"Let's get this over with then. The sooner you examine her the sooner I can have dinner." Pushing open the door he winked.

"It's hours until dinner Julian." I reminded him and was rewarded with a throaty laugh. "Not the kind of dinner I want."

We lapsed into silence as we made our way across the infirmary. Stopping every few feet to talk to patients and healers that stopped to speak to us. Only us wasn't the right word. They bowed their heads and greeted Julian but they wanted to talk to me.

Finally we made our way behind the curtained partition in one corner. Ian was there and so was Scarlett with two of her guards and on the gurney between them sat Megan. Her legs swinging idly. She looked better than she had earlier. The pants and baggy T-shirt was ill fitting but they were clean and warm. Even her face and hair looked better. Clean.

And she had a rosy look in her cheeks that told me she'd had a good meal.

"Hello again Megan." In an instant I changed. I was doctor Cassie now. Professional and secure in the knowledge that I was excellent at my job.  Moving towards her I pulled the little trolley full of supplies with me.

"How are you feeling now?"

"Like I'm going to puke." Megan spat. "Julian, does she have to be here?"

"Yes." My husband snapped. "She does."

"I don't trust her with our baby."

I fought back the urge to roll my eyes. She didn't trust me? That was laughable.

"And I trust her explicitly. Lay back and let Cassie examine you."

Megan grumbled but did what was asked of her. Her eyes glaring up at me. There was a promise in her eyes that I didn't understand and I really didn't want to. 

She was up to something. 

"Fine." Megan yanked up the baggy tee, exposing her swollen midriff. For a second I could do nothing but look at it. Staring at the proof of my husband's betrayal.

Not a betrayal if he didn't sleep with her , a small voice said quickly.

LIES

"So all I'm going to do is check your vitals. Do some measurements and listen to the baby's heartbeat. We don't have a scan machine here to check sizes but -" I began to say. Letting my doctor persona fill me.

It was easier to deal with her when I was doctor Cassie and could pretend she wasn't the one who had tried to kill my babies in the womb. 

"I know what you are doing, Doctor Cassie." Megan's voice dripped with sarcasm. "I'm a doctor too remember."

She didn't need to remind me. I bit back the urge to tell her she was a crappy doctor and went about my checks.

"Of course." I ran my hands over her stomach. Where my husbands baby grew.

"It might actually be good you're here Cassie." She began to say and winced. "Ow."

I flicked my eyes up to Julian who frowned. I hadn't hurt her. I knew I hadn't. She was just playing one of her games again. 

"Oh goddess." Megan heaved, turning on to her side. Clutching her stomach. "I think I'm going to be sick."

Julian moved forward to stand by my side , a cardboard sick bowl in his hands. He glanced at me, and I nodded.

"Thank you Julian." She wiped her hand across her mouth even though there was nothing there. She hadn't puked.

She hadn't.

LIES. 

The word screamed its way around my mind and I winced back just as she struck. I saw her move towards the scalpel on the trolley but couldn't react.

"Cassie." Both Ian and Julian bellowed at the same time. Catching me around the waist Ian flung me to the floor and to safety. Leaving Julian to deal with his crazy baby mother.

"Are you ok?" Reaching down Scarlett pulled me to my feet. 

I nodded. 

"Julian?" Ian called from his defensive position between the bed and me. "Do you have it under control?"

Guards rushed forward and Julian turned slowly. Like he was a puppet on strings. His handsome face was a mask of shock and confusion. 

And at first I didn't understand that look. 

Why wasn't he talking? Why wasn't he saying anything.

Guards rushed around me to retrain Megan but I barely noticed them as they began to drag her away.

"Cassie?" Julian spoke at last , his eyes met mine and then flicked down to his chest.

The scalpel was imbedded there. Right where his heart would be.

"Cas-" He began to say again but didn't finish. If he was a puppet then someone had just cut the strings. 

Julian fell to the ground at my feet, his eyes open and unseeing.

Lifeless.

Opening my mouth I screamed. I screamed and screamed and screamed.

My mate was dead.
###chapter 186
Cassie

Someone was screaming, more than one person but it was one wailing voice that stood out more than any of the others. 

My voice I realised.

I was screaming. Loud and clear which was strange because my mind was anything but clear. I kept looking at Julian's prone body , and expecting him to get up. To jump up and laugh because this was all one big joke.

"Take her -" 

I frowned, that was Ian's voice. But where was he? Where was Julian's second. He had been here a second ago before my whole world had ended. Before - before

"Julian." The screaming froze in my throat and the sound that came out instead was even more terrifying. A wild sobbing keening sound that felt like someone was gut punching me over and over again.

I couldn't breathe.

I couldn't move.

All I could do was stare at my mates blind sightless eyes as they stared straight ahead.

He was dead.

LIES

He couldn't be dead. The goddess would not be so cruel. She would not give him to me, make things better between us and then take him away from me. From us. 

I had saved him once before.

I could do it again and the Goddess could be damned.

Falling to my knees , I slipped in the blood that pooled under him. Ignoring the warm sticky feeling I edged closer so I could roll him onto his back.

When we were children I had saved him. And then I became a doctor. I saved people all the time. I could save him.

I moved on auto pilot. Going through the motions but the entire time I was making that weird choking sound.

"I need-" holding my hand over the wound , I looked around desperately. "I need some-"

Ian's feet came into view and then he crouched down. I kept working. Not looking at him. I couldn't because I knew what he was going to say and I didn't want to hear it.

What good would be all of my training if I couldn't save the man I loved? The father of my children. 

"Cassie."

I ignored Ian's soft voice. 

Leaning over my husband I listened for any sound of life.

"He's gone Cassie." There was emotion in Ian's voice. Sadness and grief and rage. So much rage. 

"Why won't you help me?" I wept.

Softly, like I was an injured animal , he placed his hands on my shoulders and tried to pull me away.

"He's gone Cassie." Ian said firmly. "There's nothing you can do."

I shook my head and once I had started I couldn't stop. Tearing myself out of his arms I flung my body over Julian's. My cheek pressed against his bloody chest.

"What do we do?" Someone asked but I couldn't see anyone even though I knew they were there. So many people had gathered around but all I could see was Julian.

"There are-" Ian hesitated and his eyes met mine. "Protocols in place. I know them. We need to move his body and-" again his hands came to a rest on me and this time he used all of his strength to pull me into his arms. I struggled, fighting like a wild cat. Clawing and screaming but I didn't matter what I did, he wouldn't let go.

"Set a guard over the king, I need to make arrangements for Cassie." Easily he stood, lifting me with him. "The Lycans need to know. Niall and Noah-"

I froze. My eyes on Julian's unseeing face. He was dead, Ian was right about that. There was nothing I could do and now my infant sons were rulers. They would be hunted their entire lives.

Julian had sent them away so they wouldn't have the life he had.

Like a banshee I screamed, clawing at him I managed to get to my feet. Several people moved at once. Trying to corner me like I was a dangerous animal. They expected me to throw myself back on to the dead body of my mate but I knew that wouldn't do any good

LIES 

Lies

lies.

Everything was a lie. I knew it. Turning on my heel , I ran. I ran past the staring people and their sympathetic faces, I didn't even look over at Megan as she was dragged away , a smile on her face. 

All of this was lies. I knew it now.

"Cassie come back." Scarlett called. "Wait."

There was footsteps behind me, but I didn't look back. I knew they wouldn't catch me. The forest would swallow me and hide me from their eyes.

I didn't stop running, not until-

"I knew you would be back." The grey haired woman appeared , like a wraith out of the mist. A fine rain had begun. Falling heavier and heavier. Almost like the world was crying for my loss.

I fell to my knees in front of her, clutching at her legs. "Please."

"I am sorry Cassie. I really am. I am sorry that you had to do that"

Her words didn't make any sense. I hadn't done anything but love him. And now he was gone forever.

"Bring him back." I screamed. Because somehow I knew she had the ability to do that. I didn't know who she was but she was poweful. 

"I can't do that. It's time to let go."

I flung myself onto the icy ground and sobbed. "Please bring him back. I know you can do it. I know you can help me. I'll do anything."

"Anything?"

I lifted my head even though it felt like it weighed a ton.

"Anything? Just bring him back."

"You're the only one who can go back Cassie." She said softly, her firm hands lifting me up.  "You're the master of your own destiny."

"Go back where? I just want my mates back. Bring him back to me."

Soft grey eyes studied me. "This is all lies Cassie and now you know that you won't be able to hold on to it. It's already drifting away from you." She sighed. "But there might be a way. If you are strong enough."

I stared at her. I didn't feel strong but if it meant I got my mate back then I would do anything. Anything at all.

"I just want Julian to be alive."

"Even if he doesn't love you? Even if the world around you changes? What if i told you that it was possible but-"

"Do it." I said without thinking.

"Do you mean that. Are you strong enough to deal with what might happen when you wake up? Maybe it would be better to just let yourself fade away."

"Is it a better place?"

"I can't tell you that. Decisions form our reality. But you can't stay here any longer. You are unravelling, it's time to either see the truth or let go."

I didn't understand a word she was saying. But it didn't really matter. "I just want to be with Julian and my babies. I want to be happy."

She nodded. "Then I wish you luck Cassie, you know what to do."

I lifted my eyes to her. "I do?"

"You have the magic of healing, and that means you have the magic to end it as well if you want."

Suddenly I understood. "Will it hurt?"

"Probably but isn't another chance worth it?"

It was.

Stepping away , I bowed my head for a second and then without hesitation I pressed my hand to my heart and let the magic flow and this time it came so easily

White hot pain flowed through my body. Electricity.

I fell down. Seeing through eyes that didn't feel like mine anymore.

Come on Cassie, don't give up

Ian rushed into view, his body flickering and swaying like I was seeing him through moving water. I saw his lips move and he called my name but it was already too late 

Another zap of power flowed through my chest.

And a blinding white light blinked me out of existence.
###chapter 187
Cassie

The light was wrong. So bright that I could almost feel the heat of it on the skin of my face. Too bright to open my eyes because it would blind me but the fact that I had enough thought in my head to think about opening my eyes was enough to make my breath hitch.

"She's waking up." Someone said, and I winced back. Everything was too much. Too bring, too loud, too real and everything hurt as well. 

I had died. I knew that and I had been at peace with that but now that peace was shattered. I didn't know where I was but it felt like hell. 

What had I done to deserve hell? 

I had died.

The grief of losing my mate had pushed me into doing what that woman had wanted. I'd given up and lost the will to live. 

Everything that had happened had sapped me of my strength until I had nothing else to give. I couldn't live without Julian. I didn't even want to. And selfishly I had left my children.

But only because I knew they would be safe. 

That was the only reason. My real father , the Lycan king would keep them safe and keep my memory alive for them. I had sacrificed for them because nothing mattered more than family. The crown sure as hell didn't.

"Niall." My lips moved and a croaky raspy sound came out. "Noah."

"She's awake." Strong hands lifted my arm. Pressing their fingers against my pulse points. Another came up to press my forehead. "Ssssh now your highness. Don't try and talk." A soothing voice said. "Does someone want to get the king."

My eyes flew open. And a white ceiling filled my vision. The strip light was bright and flickering. Making a buzzing sort of sound that sounded like a swarm of bees.

The king? Was this some sort of cruel joke or was I somewhere else? Back in the palace maybe? Was Duncan the king they were talking about.

The light was all wrong, everything was all wrong. It was too sterile. I could smell the stench of disinfectant instead of the leaves of the forest.

Had someone saved me and taken me back to the city? Was I saved only to be a prisoner. 

"It's nice to see you awake Cassie. You gave us quiet a scare." The woman's voice said again, only this time I could barely hear her over the loud incessant beeps of the machines that surrounded me.

"Where are my children?" I rasped as I turned my head to the nearest machine and there it was. Proof that my heart was beating. I could see the lines go up and down. So I wasn't dead and if I wasn't dead then I wanted to be with my children. 

I wanted to be far away and safe with them.

It might be better or it might be worse

"The boys are fine and with their nanny."

I frowned. Nanny? My twins didn't have a nanny. They had my father, their grandfather. 

Different 

"Let's get you sitting up slowly. I know you are thirsty but I need to check you over first ok your highness."

A strong wiry hand slid under my back and helped me to sit upwards. Pillows were fluffed under my head as I reclined back.

"Well-" she patted my arm as the itchy hospital blankets were settled back over my hips and legs. "You look remarkably good. It must be all of that sleep you've had." She chuckled and I turned my head towards her. 

Nothing worked properly so everything I did was in slow motion.

"You." I knew her. The grey hair , the piercing eyes. She had been the thing in the woods. The woman who had told me what I had to do. The one who had been haunting my thoughts.

Wake up

Two words over and over again. 

Only she wasn't the woman in the woods, she was wearing a familiar uniform. Green scrubs, white doctors coat. Patient friendly smile on her face.

"I know you."

"Of course you do, I've been the one to take care of you since you came in. I'm glad my voice was a comfort to you Cassie and it's great to finally talk to you." She smiled. "We were afraid that you would never wake up and then you went downhill the last few days. I've never seen such a decline. It was like you had finally given up."

My mouth fell open, my lips so chapped that pain spread across them. I ignored the pain. 

Everything hurt anyway. My muscles felt like they hadn't been use for a long time. They cramped when I shifted even an inch and there was a burning in my chest.

"I died." I whispered.

Her familiar stranger eyes widened. "Yes you did. Just for a few moments."

Closing my eyes I turned my head away. "I remember."

There was a startled intake of breath. Quickly hiding her surprise the woman. This woman I knew but was a stranger to me touched my head again. "Some people do. I wonder what else you remember but we will cross that bridge when we come to it."

From the hallway a loud voice spoke out and a commotion erupted around it. With a sigh she straightened. "Here we go."

I didn't even bother opening my eyes. What did it matter to me what was happening out there? It had nothing to do with me. Nothing here had anything to do with me. I couldn't even be sure that I was awake or if this was some sort of death dream.

"Your highness please calm down. She mustn't be stressed out. Let us do some checks and let her rest some and then you can visit her."

Rest? Yes rest sounded great. It felt like I could sleep forever. Which of course was exactly what death was.

"I just want to see that she is awake and ok. I just want to see my WIFE."

My eyes flew open , snapping towards the door and I began to scream.
###chapter 188
Cassie

No, no, no.

The words screamed through my mind even as huge raspy screams erupted from my throat. This couldn't be happening. It couldn't.

"Cassie." 

My screams died in my throat , as I struggled to get away from the man standing in the doorway with his mouth open and a shocked look on his face. 

My movements were jerky, my balance completely off. I tumbled from the hospital bed to land on my ass with a thump. Wires and iv lines tore from my skin. Machines toppled over to surround me in shrieking machinery.

I scuttled backwards on my ass, pushing with my weak legs until I couldn't go any further and I was wedged into a corner and the entire time I didn't take my eyes from him.

Julian.

My husband stood alive and well. His handsome face was so familiar to me but at the same time he had changed. There was a speckling of grey at his temples now. More lines around his eyes but his face was still as ruggedly handsome as I remembered.

But he couldn't be here. He was dead. I had seen him die. I'd tried and failed to save him and his hearts blood had bubbled up between my fingers. 

Julian was dead but he was standing right in front of me. 

How was that possible?

This was a dream. It had to be. 

Wake up.

That's what the voice had kept saying. 

"Doctor what is wrong with her?" He took another step into the room, and then stopped as I hid my face away from him.

I didn't want to see my dead mate. If this was a death dream then the goddess was cruel indeed to show me him. If I was to see him again then I wanted it to be a happy reunion in the afterlife. 

I wanted it to be forever. I didn't want this Julian. This angry hard faced man , so like the Julian I had first married.

"I think she is just in shock." The doctor crouched down in front of me. Right in front of me so she hid my view of him.

Slowly she closed her hands around my wrists and tried to pull my hands down where they covered my face.

"Cassie." She said softly. "You're highness you're safe I promise you.  Just take a deep breath. It will help settle your heartbeat."

I tried to do what she asked but it was impossible. 

"That's it. Just in and out. Your husband is just here to check on you. You remember Julian right. You remember him? Or are things a little fuzzy?"

Everything was fuzzy. I didn't know what was reality or a death dream. 

I shook my head, my lank hair whipping back and forth across my face. I peeked at his face thought my fingers. Why did he look the same but so different?

"Maybe you should step out." 

"Not a chance until I know she's ok. I just need to make sure she's ok and then I'll go and get the boys."

I dropped my hands to my lap and stared at him. "Niall and Noah."

A look of surprise flickered across Julian's face. His eyes darted to the doctors. "You told her their names?"

She shook her head. "No, they were the first thing she asked for. She already knew what you named them. If I had to guess I would say she heard. Some people in comas come out having heard everything that was discussed around them." She said softly. "I've never heard anything from someone who was gone at long as Cassie but I guess a mothers love-"

"I want to see my boys." I croaked. Tears were rolling down my cheeks. 

Inching closer Julian crouched down. Bringing up almost level. I stared into his eyes for a second and then looked away. It was too intense looking into his eyes. The eyes of a ghost.

"I'll go and get them. So you can see them." He said softly. "They will be excited to meet you."

"Not for long though your highness. She needs rest and-"

"We won't stay long." He snapped. "But she wants to see them and they are going to be excited to meet her." He turned his eye to me with a smile. "You're doing so well Cassie, and I'm so happy to see you awake and talking. Do you remember what happened?"

Mutely I nodded. Of course I remembered. I had taken my own life to be with him. And by doing so I had left my babies behind.

"I died." I whispered. "I left my babies behind and died," I took a deep breath and then let it out in a steady stream. "But they were fine. They were looked after and protected. People thought I was crazy because I could hear them crying when they weren't with me."

They exchanged a startled look. A look passing between them that I didn't understand.

"Please may I see my babies." I whispered. "Just for a second to say goodbye?"

"Goodbye?" Julian's dark eyebrows shot down. "Why would you say goodbye now we have you back?" He seemed genuinely confused and truthfully so was I.

I blinked slowly. Cocking my head to the side. "Because I'm dead." I said in a flat voice. 

"You're not dead Cassie." The doctor gave a nervous chuckle. "We lost you for a few minutes but your vitals are good now. Some rest, and with a little time you can go home to your family and start to heal."

"But-"

Julian reached for my hand. His fingers entwined with mine. "You're not dead Cassie. You are right here. Finally back where you belong. You aren't dead." He said again more firmly. "You're just confused and tired."

I snatched my hand back. Even though his fingers were warm I didn't want to touch a ghost. Not even one that looked and sounded like him.

"I am dead." I snapped and my eyes flashed. "I took my own life because." All eyes turned to me in shock. "Because you were dead as well."
189
Julian

"She has gone mad." Pacing up and down the hospital hallway , I kept throwing pained glances at Cassie's hospital door. Everything was quiet in there now, so I hoped she was resting. She needed to and when she woke back up hopefully she had her wits about her again because right now she was acting like a crazy person.

"I don't think it's that at all." The doctor watched as I continued to pace. Her lined face drawn down in what desperately tried to be a neutral expression.

Spinning on my heel I stared at her. "She thinks I'm dead." I pointed at her. My voice shook with anger. "Acting like she is seeing a ghost is crazy. Talking about things that aren't there and have never been there." I dropped my hand to my side and clenched my fingers into a fist. "She is acting nuts."

"She is confused. I won't disagree with you on that your highness." The woman said in a quiet voice. "She was asleep for a long time and from I can gather she dreamt."

"She was dreaming I was dead?" I muttered. "Well that's just fantastic."

The doctor, pushing the top end of middle aged rolled her eyes like a teenager. "She built a fantasy world around her. One where you clearly loved each other because when you died she took her own life." A frown pinched her eyebrows together. "In her dream anyway." She added quickly. "What she needs is a little patience and understanding. You will need to gently remind her of your life together before all of this happened."

My frown deepened. With a groan I fell into one of the spindly plastic chairs that lined the sterile hallway and dropped my head to my hands.

Remind my wife of all the good times we had together? That was easier said than done because we hadn't really had any. I hadn't been a good husband , not even in the slightest. In fact I had hated and tormented her. Called her slut and many more horrible things. It was only after her accident, that I had started to realise that I might have been wrong. Only she wouldn't wake up for me to tell her that and make amends. And the stayed unconscious, even as her body swelled with the boys she didn't wake up.

Even when they were born, and I had realised after the paternity test results had come through and begged her to wake up , she hadn't.

I had messed up so badly and everyone around me knew it.

Only I'd never gotten the chance to make it up to her because she hadn't be awake.  Cassie was awake now and I didn't know how to go forward. What was a man to say to a woman who had just woken up from a coma? 

I couldn't blurt out that I was in love with her because after all of these years of marriage I didn't know if I did love her. We hadn't gotten the chance to find out. 

Slowly I lifted my head to stare at the doctor who quickly averted her eyes. Blowing out a breath I straightened my shoulders.

"I can try." I said finally. My voice flat. "I don't know about good memories, but we can maybe start with building new ones." With a groan I pushed myself to my feet. 

That's all I could do now, try to prove myself to her. Try to rebuild a life that we could have had.

Fate had given me a rare second chance and I wasn't about to ruin it. My boys deserved to know their mother and I deserved to know if my wife was my mate. 

It was strange to me that the first time I had felt the bond niggle at me was when I had seen her in the hospital bed. Wired up with a breathing tube down her throat. I was injured myself when they brought her in. But seeing her like that I had been beside myself.

Why did I only realise she might be the one when she was on deaths door?

Something caught my attention. The slightest sound of a door opening and three sets of feet approaching from the stairs at the end of the hallway. Their scent hit me next. Play doh and strawberry milk.

"Is she going to be ok with seeing them like this?" I asked the doctor in a quiet voice as the sound of running footsteps got louder. I needed to know how to progress without making Cassie's madness worse.

"Honestly Julian." She forgot my honourific but I didn't reprimand her. She had been Cassie's doctor for so long now that we were on a first name basis. 

"Honestly I don't know. We will just have take things slow. In her dreams they are still babies and she's only been apart from them for a few weeks at most." She turned as the double doors at the end of the hallway burst open. Rebounding against the walls.

"This is going to be her first meeting with her children but you have to remember in her mind it's not. She loves these boys more than anything but we need to go slow."

I didn't know what go slow meant in medical terms but I didn't have any chance to find out as my sons barrelled towards me. Their chubby cheeks flushed pinks and the ties of their little school uniforms at half mast.

"Papa." They called out in unison. Their young voices excited. They were always excited to see me and I was always excited to see them. They were the only things that kept me strong enough to keep going over the last five years since Cassie's accident.

Crouching down  on the balls of my feet, I opened my arms wide to welcome them. "Hey boys, how was school?"

Noah stuck out his tongue, just like he always did but Niall answered. "School was fun, we painted dinosaurs."

Chuckling, I touched the green smudge of paint on his white shirt. "I can see that little man. I can't wait to see them but I have a surprise for you. A real big one but we have to -"

"I've already told them to be on their best behavior." A woman's voice spoke out from along the long corridor and my head lifted sharply.

"Where is Miranda?"

"Oh I thought it should be me who came and brought them. I am the royal doctor now after all and if the queen is awake then I want to make sure she is getting the best care possible." Megan said with a smile.
###chapter 190
Cassie

My children, my babies were outside. I knew it just as well as I knew the earth was round. Even if their scent was different.

But then everything was different here. Different and yet so familiar. It was hard to keep track on what was real and what was a dream. Or were they both real in their own way?

Even thinking about it was giving me a headache. I desperately wanted to sleep which was strange because I'd been asleep for quite a while according to the doctors who prodded and poked me and did all sorts of tests. 

"So am I going to be ok? All fit and healthy?" I asked the grey haired woman from the woods that was now my primary doctor.

Ushering the others out of the door, she pulled up a chair and reached for my hand. "Cassie we need to talk about some thing."

"Am I going to die?"

She shook her head, her eyes flashing. "I've managed to keep you alive this long so no. I don't plan on losing you now. I know it sounds bad but you've kind of been my pet project."

I stared at her with my mouth open. "Yeah it kind of does sound bad."

"I realise that but in my defence I kind of knew of you before your accident. In fact." She lowered her voice. "I had extended an invitation for you to come  and work alongside me. Your application blew me away."

Frowning, I began to search my memories. Only I didn't quite know yet what was real and what wasn't.

"I am Doctor Howard. You applied to come and work with my surgical team. We mostly do-"

My head snapped up. "Traumatic brain injuries." I almost shouted it. I remembered that, I did. I had applied before I'd even been married. It had been one of my dream jobs to work and learn from the world renowned doctor Howard.

"Well it looks like I had the best possible care then." 

The lines around her eyes deepened as she smiled. "I would have much preferred to know you as the talented young doctor you were then have you as a patient but I want you to know, that when things are better and with a little retraining that you have a spot on my team whenever you are ready."

My mouth fell open and tears pickled my eyes. "You mean that?"

"Of course but only if you want to. I do know that being queen and the mother of two young boys is going to be priority but I just wanted you to know that the option to practice medicine is still there."

"Queen?" The word felt wierd in my mouth. "So the king died here as well? Was it my father and Dun-"

Doctor Howard's face creased into a frown. "Cassie, the old king died peacefully in his sleep. Your father-" her eyes skirted away. "Your father died before that. I am sorry for telling you this all in a rush but we have to start coming to terms with reality and not your dream world."

Slowly I nodded my head. I couldn't trust myself to speak yet. My father was dead? 

"My mother?" I asked in a rush. 

"Your mother is healthy. Julian has been taking care of her. She's actually on vacation right now but she's been told that you're finally awake. I'm sure she will be here as soon as she can be. She visits almost every day."

So much had happened. Too much. "How long have I been in a coma?"

"Cassie I don't want you to-"

"How long?" Everything was different to what I knew and my memories were so messed up.

The hand gripping mine squeezed. "It's been five years since the accident." She said in such a quiet voice that I wasn't sure I had heard her properly.

"I beg your pardon."

"I know it's a lot to take in." She began to say and I cut her off. Throwing up my hand to silence her.

"Say it again how long?"

"Five years Cassie."

My chest heaved as I tried to suck in enough oxygen to stay alive. Shallow panting breaths to didn't do anything to calm the sudden tight band that was wrapped around my chest.

"Five-" I sobbed. "Oh my god. I didn't even give birth did I?"

"You twins were born by c-section when you were eight months. They were born completely healthy and they continue to be completely healthy. You would be proud of them."

My eyes darted towards the door. "But they're not babies anymore?"

Rhymically she brushed her thumb over the back of my hand , trying to calm me. But there was no calming me. 

This was all to much but hearing that my babies were actually no longer babies had broken me.

"I never got to feed them." Tears were running down my face and my breasts felt heavy even though my milk had dried up years ago. All the memories I had of them, the ones I clung to, they had all just gone up in smoke.

"Do you remember the accident? When you crashed your car?"

I shook my head mutely. "I don't remember ever being in a car-"

"You had just received the call about Julian and Ian being in a smash and we think you were rushing to your husbands side. You fainted or blacked out and went under a lorry. They had to cut you out of the wreckage."

I shook my head again. "I don't remember anything but Julian's accident. I remember going to the hospital and-" I froze. "Well I guess that's where reality ends and the dream began." I said lamely.

So much had happened in that time though. A whole lifetime. And none of it had  been real?

"Can I meet my boys?" I asked desperately.

"Of course Cassie if you think you're ready?"

I nodded. I was ready. They were the only thing that could help me. The only thing I needed.

"If you feel overwhelmed for even a second, just give me a sign and I'll have everyone out, ok?" Moving over to the door she swung it open.

Their scent hit me first. Three scents that I knew better than my own and I sat up straighter as Julian walked in, his hand curled around the uplifted hands of two little boys with curling dark hair and twinkling blue eyes. 

My boys, but not my babies because these little children had to be at least four. Dressed in the smartest , cutest little school uniform. 

My heart gave a pang and I was suddenly so full of love and happiness that I thought I would burst. 

My boys.

My happiness was short lived as a woman stepped into the doorway. 

Lifting my eyes I met those of the woman who had taken everything from me over and over again.

Even in this reality she was still here.

Megan.
###chapter 191
I watched as my wife's face went from full of happiness to closed down and scared in a blink of an eye and I didn't need to turn around to know why.

Megan had stepped into the doorway. Making herself known even when I had told her to stay in the hallway.

Turning on my heel I glowered at her. 

Catching my look Megan smiled. It wasn't the same kind of smile as she used to wear back when I thought she was my mate and tried to trap me. That was the old Megan and she wasn't the same woman anymore. I knew that but Cassie didn't.

She looked at the blonde she wolf and saw her enemy and a rival to my affections. And back five years ago maybe that had been true , but it wasn't true now. Megan had come clean, and she had grown as a person because of it.

There was no baby between me and Megan. She had made the whole thing up. Mental illness and jealousy had made her do some unspeakable things but we had worked through it and come out the other side closer friends than I had ever imagined.

"It's ok." She said , her eyes glued to mine and a soft smile on her face. "I'll be right outside if you need me." Lifting her eyes to Cassie who was still as still as a board, she nodded her head in a show of submission.

"It's good to see you awake your highness." There was submission in her voice as well. "Boys you be good for your mama and papa." She said with a wink.

"We will aunty Megan." They chorused back.

Again her eyes met mine. "I'll be right outside if you need me Julian." Another smile and she closed the door softly behind her. Only her scent remained, perfuming the sterile hospital room with its floral scent.

"Noah," I scooped up one of my children and then the other in my arms and stood awkwardly at the side of Cassie's bed. "Niall, this is your mama."

Both boys went still as they stared down at the woman who had given birth to them but didn't know them.

"Hi." Cassie said in a tear tinged whisper. She hadn't moved on the bed, but one glance down and I could see her gripping the sheets over her in rhythmic bursts. 

"You're a pretty mama." Noah said.

"Like sleeping beauty." Niall added. "We did it in school."

"Prince had to kiss the pretty lady." Noah continued. "Did daddy kiss you or-" he lifted his face to mine. His eyes narrowed in a question. "We are princes and we kissed her. Did we wake mama up?"

I shot a look in her direction and watched as her face softened. A warm genuine smile spread across her face. 

"You sure did. My handsome little princes." Her eyes darted from one to the other and her smile grew. "Do

You think you could tell me that story? It's been a long time since I heard it."

"Sure." Niall reached down, asking her to grab him and I raised an eyebrow. That's all it took, there was no awkwardness between them. They might not have actually met before but they weren't strangers. 

I couldn't help but smile as I placed a twin on either side of her.

"Try not to wear mama out ok?" Taking a step back I stood next to the doctor.

"Are you tired?" Noah asked, reaching for her face with his little hand. He smoothed his hand down her cheek like he was trying to memorise it.

"A middle, baby." She admitted.

"We can tell you all the good bedtime stories like papa does for us." Niall clapped his hands loudly. I expected Cassie to wince back but she didn't. 

"I would like that very much if you can remember them all." Cassie said softly. 

Noah started talking first , interrupted incessantly by his brother until the story was a jumbled mess of words that didn't really make sense to even me and I was used to their storytelling but Cassie didn't take her eyes from them as they chatted on.

She didn't look at me once. All of her attention was on her boys and I couldn't be prouder. 

"She's magnificent." I whispered half to myself. 

Next to me doctor Howard nodded. "She always has been. You're a very lucky man Julian."

Mutely I nodded. I was a lucky man that she was my wife, no matter what I had thought at the start of our marriage. 

"I'm not sure If I'm lucky enough to get her to forgive me though." I muttered. And there it was. The truth. 

How could I make it up to her and make things right between us when all she remembered was the bad and then a made up version of our lives?

Doctor Howard turned her head sharply to look at me. Catching her look I stared back. "I'll do what I can to make her, though." I added ,quickly. "Seeing her with our boys, seeing her smile -" I drifted off my eyes full of tears as I watched her smile at the boys on either side of her.

I had been such a fool. 

Mate

The word rumbled through me, chased by so many feelings of loss and love that I took an involuntary step backwards before I could help myself.

Cassie was my mate. She had always been my mate. I'd struggled against those feeling for so long. Refused to see her for the woman in the hospital that had saved me and given me her love without asking any question.

I had known that woman was my fated mate but I had refused to believe it was Cassie. I had been too angry at the world back then and too blinded by other things. 

It had taken almost losing her to make me see.

I wasn't blind to it anymore.

Cassie was my mate and I was going to do everything I could to make it up to her.

Almost like she could hear my thoughts or maybe feel the spark that had just ignited between us, Cassie finally lifted her head to me. Her hands stroking over as she caressed the boys silky hair.

Mate.

It roared again in my head.

For a second Cassie looked confused and then she smiled at me and my heart exploded with happiness.
###chapter 192
Cassie

The world even smelt different. I hadn't noticed it so much in the hospital. I was used to those sterile smells but outside? That was different and in a way wrong.

I was used to the pine scent of Scarlets forest or the musty confines of the secret passage ways of the palace. Those weren't real places and the longer I was awake the more it was easier to accept that. 

This was real.

Even if it did feel and smell wrong.

"Are you ok?" Pausing , Julian reached down and touched my shoulder. 

Twisting in the wheelchair I nodded but I didn't say anything. I could walk but not far and the wheelchair was still the safest way to get me around.

Todays excision was into the hospital gardens now the sun was shining. It was the first time I had been outside in over five years.

The first time being with Julian for that long as well and I didn't know what to say to him.

"Cassie?" His fingers squeezed my shoulder. "Are you ok? Do you want to go back inside. I don't want you to be overwhelmed."

He was saying and doing all the right things. He had been for the last week since I had woken up but I couldn't seem to feel comfortable around him.

But maybe that had something to do with Megan still being around. 

"No." I said tersely. "I'm fine. It's just a little much."

One final squeeze of my bony shoulder and we were moving again. If anyone noticed that a king was among them , no one said anything. Even though most of the people who passed us were shifters in some form or another.

Maybe that were just used to him being around now. I didn't know.

Glancing left and right I frowned. "Which hospital is this?"

"It's called the Queen Memorial." He said as he pushed me along the level path and towards a small patch of grass and trees in the distance.  "It was built and named after you?"

"You built a hospital for me?" I asked in wonder.

"Yes." He bumped me down the curb and onto the grass. Finally coming to a stop next to a bench. "But it's for all the paranormal community as well. We have the best medical shifter minds here. Even your friend Forrest."

I swallowed hard. "Forrest is here?"

"Not right now no, he's doing some aid work abroad. I've sent him word though." Julian sat down heavily. Reaching out he took my hands in his.

"Thank you." I whispered. "Does that mean you and him are friends?"

Throwing back his head Julian laughed. "Not hardly but we have learnt to tolerate each other because we both care about you." His thumb brushed back and forth over the backs of my hands. "You do know that right? that I care about you?"

I didn't answer him. "Things have changed so much and yet they seem pretty much the same." I said finally meeting his eyes. "Megan is still around even though she killed you."

Julian did a double take but quickly shook the shock away. "That Megan isn't real, Cassie." He said softly. "That was in your dream. The rebellion , all of it. It's not real life. I am king and you are my queen. Our sons are safe because there are no more threats. We finally have a chance to be happy and build the life that we have always wanted." He drew one of my hands up and kissed the back of it.

A rush of need flowed through me, of love and belonging.

"With Megan."

He dropped my hand like I had burnt him. Sitting back heavily against the back of the bench he studied me. A note of anger on his face. "You have to get over this whole Megan thing, Cassie."

Stony faced, I stared at him.

With a sigh he ran his hand through his hair. "She's a changed woman. She came clean and she's been working so hard to make things right. For all of us. She has been a good friend over the years. Both to me and the boys."

I felt sick to think of her near my husband but I was used to that. Nothing had changed in five years in that regard but the thought of her being near my children was enough to cause my heart to start to thunder in my chest. 

Megan couldn't be trusted. Not back then and not now.

"Friend." I mumbled.

"Yes." He made a rush to grab hold of my hands again , only this time I moved them out of his reach.

"Cassie, please don't do this. You are my wife."

I had so much to say. That he should have thought about that in the beginning , that maybe he should think about that now. I couldn't go through the rest of my life sharing him with another woman. Even one he now claimed was a friend. Not after everything she had done.

"Please just come home so we can build a life together and raise our children. Together. The four of us."

I blinked up at him. "Doesn't Megan-"

A wave of disbelief swept across his face. "Of course Megan doesn't live with us. She has her own place. She is not my lover she is my friend and my doctor. That is all. You have to trust me on that. It's the only way we can move forward."

Goddess, I wanted to move forward. "Send her away Julian." I whispered. "Send her away and never see her again and we may have a chance."

His sigh spoke volumes. "I can't do that Cassie. For one thing she has a contract to work for me and the other-" he ran his hand through his hair again. "She is my friend."

His friend and his doctor that was all, a small voice in my head teased sarcastically and both were more important than me. 

But hadn't that always been the way. Julian might speak so enthusiastically about moving on and building a future but he clung to the past and Megan anyway. How could we move on when he did that?

I turned my face away, my eyes stinging with tears that I refused to cry. "I'd like to go back to my room now."
###chapter 193
Julian 

"She wants me gone, hey?" Megan moved around her spacious kitchen , pouring the red wine she had waiting as she flipped the steaks. She didn't turn to me so I had a chance to school my features into something resembling calmness.

She turned to me, her hands full of large red wine glasses and slid one across the counter towards me.

"I see." She said while taking a sip when I didn't say anything. "I don't blame her."

I glanced at her face. There was no hostility there, just understanding. 

"I'll talk to her." I said finally. "And I'll make her understand. She will understand." I added , quickly. "But until then I think you may need to stay away. She has been through enough and I don't want her put through any more unnecessary stress." I reached across the counter and caught her hand in mine. "You understand don't you?"

Throwing a look at me Megan snatched her hand back. "Of course I do Julian. After everything I did to her-" she shook her head. "Of course she is going to think the worst. Do you want me to resign?" Her eyes met mine. "I'll do it if you want me to. You gave me a chance when I didn't deserve one. You saved me when you should have condemned me."

"Because we are friends." I added quickly.

"I know we have become friends Julian and that's why if you need me to step back so you can save your marriage I will. You have to make Cassie happy." She said it in a whisper and when she looked at me there were unshed tears in her eyes. My hand tightened around hers.

"I'll miss you though."

I moved without thinking. Drawing her around the island and into my arms for a friendly hug. Slowly I smoothed my hand down her back.

"I would miss you as well Megan. You have been such a support to me and the boys since the accident." Resting my chin against her hair I mumbled. 

I didn't know how I would do it but I would make Cassie understand. Megan had done wrong, she had lied and cheated and tried to hurt my unborn babies but she hadn't had a choice. She had been threatened into doing it. And once I had removed that threat she had turned into a different woman. A woman I was sure Cassie would like if she gave her a chance.

"It won't be forever." I murmured and her arms went around me. "I'll make her understand. Just give me time to talk her around."

Megan's laughter bubbled up sarcastically. "She won't ever accept me in your family life Julian and you are a fool to think she will. Not that I blame her after all I've done. I just hope that in time she forgives me a little bit."

"She will." I tilted her head up and pressed a kiss to her forehead. "And your job is safe. My grandfather might have put the clause in that I lost the crown if I didn't make her queen , and she might be my mate from the goddess but you are my friend and an incredible doctor. You remain the royal physician."

"Thank you." Reaching up she kissed my cheek and stepped away. "I was worried about where I would go." She hurried away to start to dish up.

"This is your home." I watched as she moved barefoot around the spacious kitchen. Completely at ease, as she dished up my favourite meal.

"I would never take it away from you." I had gifted her the apartment two years ago when I had become king. The royal doctor should have somewhere to live that was suitable for her station but there was more to the gift than that. 

If it hadn't been for her turning on the men who had threatened her , the attacks on my family would have continued. Now those men were dead or imprisoned and my sons could grow up free from harm.

An apartment and a job were the least I could do.

"It is your home and anyway where else would I escape to every Thursday for a relaxed steak and a nice bottle of wine." I tried to joke. "Coming here makes me feel almost normal. You don't bow and scrape to me and I can be myself." I took a deep breath. "I love Cassie and I want to make it work with her for the sake of my family and my kingdom but you are my friend and I won't give you up. You offer me a tiny slice of peace in my chaotic life. I just need to be more careful about coming -"

She whirled on me. "We can't sneak around Julian." She admonished. "That will just make things worse in the long run."

I knew she was right, of course. If Cassie ever found out I was coming here then she would leave me without a seconds thought. 

I sighed heavily. 

"Then for a little while we need to not see each other." I said finally. 

"I agree."

"You're owed some vacation days." An idea was beginning to form in my mind. "Where would you like to go?"

She blinked at me for a second. "I can't take anymore gifts from you Julian."

"It's not a gift, it's a bonus from work. I'll put it through as such. You can have a well deserved break somewhere warm and sandy and I can make Cassie see the truth about you. By the time you come back , she will be fine and we can all be friends."

Maybe I was being naive , hell I knew I was but I had to try. I loved my mate but she had been asleep for a long time and if it wasn't for Megan I wouldn't have survived. My family wouldn't have survived. I had to make this work.

"Jamaica." She said quickly. "If that's ok? I've always wanted to go back since we went last year."

Throwing back my head I laughed. "That was a great vacation wasn't it."

"It was. Do you remember that night on the beach-" she giggled hysterically as she pushed a plate towards me.

I laughed right along with her as memories flooded me. "Jamaica it is then. I'll make the arrangements tomorrow." Sawing into the tender meat I popped a piece into my mouth and chewed before speaking again.

"I'll miss you."

Her eyes met mine. "I'll miss you as well."
###chapter 194
Cassie

"How are you doing over there?" From the driver's side of his sleek silver town car, Julian reached out and caught my hand in his. It wasn't the first time he had tried to touch me since the day in the hospital garden three weeks ago. It was the first time I had allowed it to happen and I knew why.

The palace. It held so many memories for me now. None of them real even when they felt more than real to me. I had given birth in those secret halls, I had watched people I loved die bloody in there. And that's where we were going and I was terrified. More than terrified. My heart kept missing beats in its gallop against my ribs. I couldn't control my breathing and it kept coming out in ragged gasps.

I let Julian touch me because I needed the comfort.

"It's going to be fine Cassie." He murmured, entwining our fingers and bringing my hand up to his lips so he could kiss the back of it. "You're coming home and it's going to be fine."

"I know." I whispered. I desperately wanted to believe that but a part of me, a part I was trying to bury deep was telling me I was walking back into a nightmare. This all felt so similar and so familiar. Like I had done it before. Which of course I had , just not like this and not as when.

"Where is Ian?" I blurted out.

Julian turned his head sharply. "He's away on pack business." 

"Oh."

Julian's eyebrows shot up. "You sound disappointed?" He turned onto the long winding driveway, past the guards that were standing to attention seeing the car approach.

"Those are new." I said quietly.

"Yeah." He shrugged. "When I became king I made some security changes. There's more guards now, especially when the boys are here. Not so many when they are in school."

"What do you mean when they are in school?" I asked twisting in my seat. "Don't they come home?"

"On weekends but they stay there in the week. Or they did. Since you woke up they haven't really been in at all." He squeezed my fingers in a reassuring kind of way but it didn't reassure me at all.

"You sent them away." I muttered and his fingers around my hand tightened. Another similarity to the dream. Another way for him to break my heart. "Again."

"It's the way of royals to go to boarding school Cassie." Julian said with a sigh. "But we can talk about it later when you are settled. I obviously don't want to bring them up in a way that we are both happy with and you've had a lot of time apart from them. So maybe for the next few months they can come home every night."

"They are just babies and you sent them away." I desperately wanted to rip my hand away from his. 

"You are overreacting."

This time I did pull my hand away from his. Julian's sigh was heavy in the sudden quiet.

"I'm sorry." He caught my hand back up with his and this time he wouldn't let me pull it free. "I know this is hard for you. I'll try to be more understanding."

"Thank you." I whispered. But I didn't believe him. I don't know why I didn't but I didn't. He was being too nice and far too accommodating and it was making me suspicious. 

"Why was you asking about Ian?"

I paused. "I don't know. I was just wondering." It was my turn to give a shrug.

"I didn't realise you two were friends." He slowed the car as the giant house came into view. And my hand tightened around his. 

I didn't know if I could do this. My hand was so sweaty that it was a miracle my hand didn't slide straight out of his.

"We weren't here." I said. 

"But in your coma dream?" He prompted.

"Yeah." Leaning forward I saw the giant banner that was held up between my two sons. The spelling was all wrong and their was brightly coloured paint splodges all over it but it calmed something inside of me to see the welcome home banner they had made themselves and their smiling faces waiting for me.

I could handle the fake memories of my children were there.

"How close?" There was a note of a growl in Julian's voice. A little sliver of jealousy.

I shot him a look out of the corner of my eye. "Not that kind of close. We were friends and he saved me. He was mated to a beautiful woman-"

Julian boomed out a laugh. "Ian mated? I don't think so."

"Oh ok." 

"You liked his mate?"

I nodded enthusiastically. "She was an amazing woman and a great friend." I added. "I was hoping that part was real."

"I get that. But you will make new friends and there's people here who are looking forward to seeing you. One in particular."

I watched as a small smile tugged up the corner of his mouth. 

"Who?"

"She wanted to come and see you in the hospital but -"

I inched forward to look out the windscreen and I couldn't believe what I was seeing because there was a small figure behind my boys.

A small welcome , familiar figure.

"Cathy." Her name ripped its way out of my throat in a loud sob. Flinging open the door I was out of the car before Julian had even pulled it to a stop.

"Cassie." Julian screamed my name, slamming on the breaks. He was out of the car in a second and after me but I didn't look back.

I ran as fast as my wasted body could move towards that figure.

Sweeping her up in my arms, I hugged her into my chest so tightly that she squeaked.

"It's good to see you as well your highness." She croaked.

I didn't say a word. There was no words that could describe my happiness anyway. Cathy was here. She was alive. She hadn't been skinned and her throat slit by our enemies.

So maybe just maybe this reality was better than the last one.
###chapter 195
Julian

Her reaction to Cathy had taken me by surprise but by the time we walked into the palace she had regained some control over herself. All the way through the tour and our family dinner she had been quiet and brooding but with a small smile on her face. 

It was only after the twins had gone to bed and Cathy had retired for the night that the smile had fallen away.

Sitting stiffly on the sofa opposite me, she picked at the skin around her nails and I just watched her. It was hard to think of something to say to her when we had been apart for so long.

I didn't really know her.

She didn't know me either. We had been married over five years and had never had a chance.

I did know one thing though and that was that she was mine. Completely and utterly. 

"Are you tired?" I muttered. Cassie didn't look away from the fire but the picking at her fingers stopped. 

"A little." She said softly and I could smell the lie on her instantly. She wasn't tired at all. Maybe a little worn out but not sleepy.  She was going to use it as an excuse to go to bed so she didn't have to talk to me.

"Then let's go up." 

She opened her mouth to say something but I didn't let her. Moving across the room , I swept her up into my arms. Cassie gave a little cry and her arms went around my neck. 

I grinned down at her. I loved that little noise she had just made and the feel of her hands on me.

"What are you doing?" She squeaked. Her eyes locked on to my face and the question was clear on it.

"I am taking you upstairs. I didn't do the whole carrying you over the threshold when we were married and you kind of ruined my plans to do it today so-"

"I can walk up the stairs Julian. My therapist said-"

"I know what your therapists say Cassie and I know you are strong enough but I want to carry you. Will you let me?"

For a second she looked up at me and then her lashes fluttered and she let her head drop to my chest. "Thank you."

I didn't know why she was thanking me but I wasn't about to ask and ruin the moment. 

Cassie had always been a slender girl but she had lost a lot of weight in her coma and now she weighed nothing at all.

The trip from the family room to our bedroom took no time at all and before I knew it I was sitting on the edge of the giant four poster bed.

"I can-" she began to try and untangle herself from me.

"Please let me hold you for a few minutes Cassie." I tightened my arms around her.

For a second she hesitated and then she relaxed again. "Who's room is this?"

"Mine." I said and then quickly amended. "Ours now. We will have to get you some things."

"What happened to my other things?"

"They are in storage."

Again she stiffened. 

"I know what you are thinking. That I just put our life into containers and stored it." Using my thumb I tilted her face up to mine. I wanted to look into her eyes and see what she was thinking and more than that I wanted her to see what I was saying was genuine.

"That I tried to hide memories of you but that's just not true. When you got wheeled into that hospital and I was told." I shuddered at the memory. That had been one of the worst days of my life. The moment I had realised what and who she was to me.

"I was told to prepare for the worst , I was beside myself. I looked at you and I realised what a fool I was and how much I loved and needed you. I was so scared and so angry with you." Reaching down I smoothed my hand down the soft skin of her face. "I was so crazed that I had to be sedated. When I woke up you had come out of surgery but you hadn't woken up. They told me you might not ever wake up and that you were pregnant." My voice shook. "Why didn't you tell me?" I asked raggedly.

She hid her face in my chest. "I'm sorry." Her voice was as rough with emotion as mine was. "I know I should have told you they were yours but you were so quick to think the worst of me."

"I know. I was a class A jerk but that day changed everything for me. I made a vow to you, to always look after you and love you. You are my-"

Something changed in her eyes and my voice trailed off. Slowly I lowered my face to hers, giving her plenty of time to pull away before my lips found hers tentatively.

Cassie didn't pull away, her lips opened slightly under line, her arms stayed around my neck.

Kissing her felt so natural and I lost myself in the feel of her soft lips on mine. It had been too long since we had been together like this.

Far too long.

I ached for her.

Cupping the back of her head , I deepened the kiss. Sweeping my tongue into her mouth and she moaned happily. 

Shifting our positions I laid her on the middle of the bed, keeping my lips on her and my weight from crushing her frail form. 

"Julian-" she tore her lips away from mine to throw her head back and moan again. 

"It's ok Cassie." I murmured into the skin of her throat as I began to kiss down her sweet smelling skin. "We can go slow."

I didn't want to go slow, I wanted to take her rough and hard. I wanted to make her scream my name and claw her nails down my back in ecstasy but I knew I shouldn't. Back in the past , we had always come together hard and brutally and I didn't want to start this new ###chapter in our lives like that.

Things had to be different now.

"I don't know what I would have done if I had lost you. If it wasn't for Megan-" the moment the name left my lips I knew I had said the wrong thing. Cassie's body instantly went stiff.

"Cassie."

She rolled away from me, coming to a stop at the other side of the bed. Where she sat with her back to me. 

"Cassie I didn't mean." I reached for her, my fingers brushing against her spine and instantly she was on her feet.

"I'm sorry I'm feeling really tired." Looking at her feet, she wrapped her arms around her body. "Could you show me to my room?"

My eyebrows shot up. "This is our bedroom Cassie. Ours." I stressed the word. "We don't have seperate bedrooms or lives anymore."

She didn't say a word, she just looked down at her feet and refused to look at me. It broke my heart that she wouldn't look at me.

"Fine." Rolling on to my own feet I felt my shoulders sag in defeat. "You take the bedroom tonight Cassie and I'll make up one of the guest rooms. But we need to work on this insecurity."

I expected her to agree with me but instead she said two words in a completely cold and emotionless way. "Thank you."
###chapter 196
Cassie

I took the bedroom for the next three days. Every morning Julian greeted me at the kitchen table with a smile and a nod but he didn't touch me and we didn't really talk. Things were so strained that I felt like I was living in a nightmare state again. 

Maybe it would have been best, if I had just stayed where I was. Even if the loss of my mate made me want to die. Surely it was better than this? Because this wasn't the Julian I remembered from my coma dream. There was a gaping chasm between us and I didn't know how to cross it without letting him have Megan in his life.

The woman who had ripped us apart in this lifetime and killed him in the other. That's how I was beginning to think about them. Two lifelines . The same but different and running parallel to each other. He kept choosing her and we kept paying the price.

So yes maybe it would have been better if I had stayed in the other life. I could have dealt with my grief, I could have gone and thrown myself into motherhood and let the kingdom rot.

Only deep down I knew I couldn't and anyway there was no going back now. I was dead there. It was here that I needed to make a difference.

If I could find a way to do it anyway. 

So I threw myself into being a mum to Niall and Noah and it was amazing. They were great little boys, mischievous but perfect little gentleman and I loved them so much. Life would have been lonely if I couldn't spend my days playing and laughing with them.

Shaking my head. I watched as they ran the full length of the lawn in the back of the palace and then back again. Laughing their little heads off as they raced back towards me. 

Together they flung themselves into my arms, toppling me over, so I fell laughing into the warm grass with my arms around them both.

"You two are just too fast." I giggled as I squeezed them tight.

"I am the fastest." Niall said with a proud jut of his chin. 

In answer Noah turned to him with a little growl that drew his lips away from his teeth. "But I am strongest." Another little growl and he launched himself at his brother. 

They tumbled away, pup like growls erupting from both of them.

"Boys." Julian barked out a command that didn't stop them at all.  "Boys that's enough." Striding past me , he gripped each one by the collar he lifted them apart and that's when I saw the small changes to their bodies. Their teeth were longer. The usually short nails had elongated and their eyes were no longer human. 

They had started to change and I hadn't even noticed it. 

Dropping them to their feet, Julian crouched in front of them. "What have I told you about controlling your animals."

Two identical faces dropped. "We are sorry papa-"

"No. If you can't control yourselves then that is enough rough housing for today." Pulling himself up , he pointed back to the house. "Inside now and go the kitchen. We will do something a bit more calm until you learn to calm down and not let emotions get the better of you."

They filled inside. Neither one of them looked at me.

"I'm sorry I didn't realise-" I began to say and froze when Julian turned that angry stare at me.

"Exactly that Cassie. You didn't realise." He glared at me.

"How was I meant to know that they could partially shift already? They are so young." I countered.

"You know by talking to me. Something you don't want to do." Julian sighed and his shoulders slumped. "Something you clearly don't want to do."

I stared at him open mouthed. "It's not that I don't want to. It's the fact that I feel like I don't know you."

"Of course you don't. I don't know you either and that's something we have to work on. So -" he took a deep breath, almost like he was trying to steady himself. "I think we need to step back. Maybe act like-" 

"I see." I took a step away from him and then turned on my heel and walked away back towards the house. At least there I could find a deserted room and hide myself away from him. 

"Cassie?" 

"I get it. My mum should be ok with putting me up for a while. I don't have anything to pack really so I'll just go and call her." I mumbled as I walked away. "Could I still see the boys?"

Had I really given up my life for this?

He caught me before I could step through the door. Trapping me against the wall, with his arms either side of my head.

"What are you going on about Cassie?" Leaning over me he growled low in his throat and my body reacted instantly. 

"You said step back-"

"I didn't mean I wanted you to leave you silly girl. I meant that we have to get to know each other. Properly. Like we should have done before we got married. I want to take you out on some dates. Have some fun and of course we have a party to arrange."

I lifted my eyes to him. "A party?" 

"Yes. To welcome you back. I have some amazing ideas. I think you will love it. But dates and spending time with each other first." He nodded his head. "If you would like that?"

Chewing on my lip I mulled it over and then nodded. "Yes I would like it. But I have a request." 

Bite bite bite, I was chewing on my lip so hard that it was surprising that it wasn't bleeding.

"Anything." He paused. 

"Can you sleep back in our bedrooms with me?"

For a second Julian hesitated and then his entire face went soft. "Of course I will. I thought you would never ask."
###chapter 197
Julian 

Knocking on my own bedroom door felt weird but I wanted to show her a little respect. 

"Cassie," I called out when there was no immediate answer. "Are you alright? Can I come in?"

There was a grumble. A small sound of frustration that caused my heart to race.

Twisting the door knob I peeked inside. "Cassie, are you alright-" I froze. She was right there. With her back to me, the skin looked amazingly smooth surrounded by the gaping material of her figure hugging black dress. The zip was down so I had an amazing view.

Right up until she tried to twist around and zip it up again.

"I just can't -" she pulled a face at me. A mixture of frustration and laughter that I couldn't help but love.

Closing the door softly behind me, I went to her. "I can zip you up Cassie." I said in a husky whisper and caught hold of the zip. Slowly I slid up upwards, my fingers brushing against her spine.

"All you had to do was ask." I slowed my movements because I didn't want to cover her skin. It was too tempting and too soft.

Curling one arm around her waist I drew her closer to my body. Dropping my lips to the nape of her neck under the hair that was curled and pinned to the top of her head in an elaborate knot. I kissed her.

The taste of her skin was sweet and salty. Sweet because that's what she was. The sweetest thing I had ever tasted and salty because she had started to sweat a little. It was a heady combination. And under it, a new scent flared.

Musty . Addictive.

The smell of her sudden and surprising arousal.

My mate liked it when I kissed her back and ran my hand up her back. 

"Thank you for the dress." She whispered in a shaky voice. "It's beautiful. And none of my old stuff fits."

"I will take you shopping tomorrow. Or you could just be naked all the time?" I teased as I pushed the zip down instead of pulling it up. My lips trailed down further. "I really wouldn't mind."

"Naked to go out for dinner?" She teased right back.

A growl rumbled through me. Vibrating didn't her spine. "No." I nipped at her shoulder. "Never naked for anyone but me-" 

"But I thought-" 

"Stop teasing me." I bit down harder , almost breaking her skin but stopping myself at the last minute. "Before I strip you off and feast my eyes on your naked body."

She leant into my kiss, curving her back so her ass, which was still perfect in my opinion, into me. I stifled back a groan.

"Just your eyes?" Cassie's voice had turned husky. Just like I knew mine would be if I could talk. 

"What a shame." She gave a breathy little giggle. 

The groan I had been keeping in,  erupted out of my mouth. The gaping back of her dress, felt like it was just begging for my hands to slide inside. 

Keeping my lips on her shoulder, I moved my hands up to her ribs. Sliding inside the gaping fabric I covered her breasts with my hands and moaned again. Only this time her moan was louder than mine.

Any thought of stopping vanished at that sound. Cassie wanted me and I wanted her more than I could think. This time there would be no stopping. There would only be us. In a quiet house where we were finally alone with each other. 

This wasn't getting to know her , like I had planned tonight but it was something and if I was honest with myself this was where me and Cassie shone. We were good at the physical. It was the communicating where we struggled.

I should stop, I knew that but how could I when it had been so long since I had felt the warmth of her body.

"Goddess, Cassie." Mumbling against her shoulders, I pushed her breasts together. Kneading them in my big hands and felt the nipples harden. Nipples that were just begging to be sucked in to my mouth. Hard until she was writhing.

There were other places I wanted to kiss and suck as well. 

"Julian." Her head fell back on my shoulder. Silky hair tickling my cheek. "We will miss our reservation."

"Sssh." Twisting her pert nipples between my fingers , I let my lips find her spine and begin to kiss downwards. "That doesn't matter."

Nothing else mattered right now but this. I didn't even care if she didn't let me fuck her as long as I got to feast on her. 

Loosening my grip on her breasts, I reached up and slid the dress from her shoulders , so it fell down her body in time with my lips trailing down her.

Further and further down I went. Until I had no choice but to fall to my knees. The dress wouldn't unzip any further and I couldn't kiss any further until I got her out of it.

Gripping the edges, I smoothed it down over her narrow hips. Pushing it down her ass until she was stood there in nothing but a scanty black lace thong that perfectly showed off her pale ass and her red bottom black heels.

One last kiss at the base of her spine. I crouched back. My face was at the perfect level to admire her ass. Her scent was stronger down here. Luring me into getting closer and tasting her. 

I knew without looking that she would be wet already and I wanted to lap it all up. Every single drop of her. 

"What are you doing," Cassie asked, her arms moving up to cover her breasts she twisted to look over her shoulder.

Closing my hands around her hands I entwined our fingers and forced her hands down. "Exactly what I said I wanted to do." I mumbled. Every word was a struggle because I wanted to do something completely different with my mouth. 

"I am feasting my eyes on you, my beautiful mate." I said it without thinking. "My gorgeous wife and queen." I amended quickly. "Please don't cover any part of you, I have missed it all and I want to see it all." 

Flicking my eyes upwards, I met hers and grinned. "And once I've feasted my eyes on you , I will feast on you in other ways."
###chapter 198
His words made my knees go weak. Just his words. My body missed his hands on me and not just from a minute ago either. It felt like so long since he had touched me that the moment he had touched my back I had known what was going to happen.

Or at least what I had hoped would happen.

Julian's hands loosened around mine and then moved upwards , smoothing almost too gently up my arms, to rub at my shoulders and then so slowly that I wanted to scream he trailed those fingers down my sides. Teasing at the sides of my breasts before he went down further. He closed them around my hips , and yanked my backwards with enough force that I almost tumbled on my heels. His hands steadied me. 

"I-" a little scream left my lips in a rush as he pulled me back again. Bringing my ass, completely bare for him because of the scanty lace thing, he bit down on the left cheek.

"Ow." I moaned. The feel of his teeth felt good. The perfect mixture of pleasure and pain and something more than both. He bit me, and even though it wasn't a claiming mate bite it was still a form of ownership.

I needed that. Just like I needed him.

Arching my back, I was rewarded as he bit the other cheek. His hands, those big skilled hands kneaded my hips as he held my ass to him.

"I can smell you Cassie and you smell amazing!" He murmured  against me. 

My core clenched and I could feel the wetness leaking from me.

There was nothing I wanted more than to have him bend me over and press his face into me. I wanted to be kicked and sucked and bitten. 

Holding my breath I waited for it to happen. I knew this Julian. He was rough in his love making and that's what I needed. I needed his firm hand and his ownership. Only he didn't do that. Instead his hands continued their lazy journey down my body. Tracing my thighs and my calves before he moved all the way back to my neck again. Climbing to his feet he moved around me. His hands sliding against around my waist as he came to face me.

And then he stood back. His eyes locked to mine and then so slowly that I wanted to scream , he started it all again but from the front.

I loved how he looked at me with such longing but this wasn't what I needed or wanted. I needed passion.

"You're so beautiful." Cupping the back of my head, he finally drew me to him. His lips sliding across mine once before he pulled away to stare lovingly into my eyes. 

I let out a frustrated growl. "And yet you aren't touching me."

Reaching for his hand . I brought his finger to my lips and slipped it inside my mouth. Sucking on it.

Julian's eyes widened, his chest heaved but he didn't take his eyes away from me. 

"You keep distracting me." He chuckled. "Not that I'm complaining."

Cocking my head to the side, I popped his finger out of my mouth, and down my body. Curling my straining nipple with it, until it stood up almost painfully hard. 

Julian's lips fell open even further, a shaky sigh rattling his chest.

Goddess I had never seen him look at me like that. With so much need and longing. 

Feeling empowered , I moved his hand again. Down over my stomach and into the front of my thong.

Julian growled, glancing up into his face. I saw his wolf looking back at me with glowing eyes. Twisting his hand he cupped me. Grinding the heel of his hand against my mound and slipping a finger between my wet folds.

"So wet for me my love." With another low groan he screwed the finger inside of me. Almost lifting me out of my shoes and giving me no choice but to clutch his shoulders.

"Goddess." I moaned as he worked in and out of me. First with one finger and then another.  

"I want my name on your lips, Cassie." Angling his hand , he pressed his thumb against my clit. "I have years and years of hearing you screaming my name to make up for and I plan on starting tonight."

His words were like music to my ears. We both needed this to restart our relationship.

Nor to mention the release would-

From his pocket his phone began to ring. A loud incessant sound. His hand paused between my legs. The teasing slowed and he pulled his mouth away from mine.

"Don't-" I began to say because I knew what was about to happen. I could see it in his eyes.

"I'm sorry Cassie, I have to take this." Stepping away he sucked his fingers into his mouth for a second before he dug his phone out of his pocket and glanced at the screen with a frown on his face.

"This is the emergency number." He headed towards the door, leaving me standing there in nothing but my heels and thong with my pussy weeping for him. "I'm sorry Cassie." Opening the door he disappeared through it. "I'll make it up to you I promise."

He promised? 

I wasn't sure his promise meant anything anymore. He was the king and I knew he had responsibilities that couldn't wait but wasn't I one of those as well?

Wasn't I worth just a little bit of his time? How were we meant to rebuild a life together if every time we are alone, he was called away?

"It's an emergency." I mumbled to myself as I kicked off the  ridiculously high shoes I reached for my pjs.

I already knew that nothing else would happen tonight. Not a date, nor dinner together , and definitely not passion. I was on my own again. 

Rage rushed through me, filling my mouth with a bitter taste that I struggled to swallow.

"A kingdom emergency." I said again. He couldn't help that. 

So why did I have a horrible suspicion that it had nothing to do with the kingdom and everything to do with a certain woman.
###chapter 199
Cassie

I had just climbed into bed when I heard their feet approaching. Tiny little footsteps that tried to be stealthy but failed delightfully.

"Mama?" Two curly dark heads poked around the door, wearing identical apprehensive but cheeky looks on their sweet faces. 

"Hey babies." Letting out a sigh of relief I opened my arms wide in welcome. Laughing, they bounded on to the bed and into my arms. "Come here." Smothering their little faces with kisses I finally felt at peace again. What had just happened with their dad wasn't ideal , but then again nothing in our life was perfect. Apart from these two little angels.

"Are you mad at us?" Niall asked in the smallest voice I had ever heard.

Hesitating, I turned to look at him, my arm tightening. "Of course not. Why would you think I would be?" Smoothing my fingers into his hair and held his face to my chest. 

"Papa said we did something wrong." Noah mumbled. "And last time Niall scratched the blonde lady and-" 

I pulled him into me as well. Holding them both as tightly as I could without hurting them.

"She was so mad, that he got sent to bed without any dinner."

Slowly I looked at each one of them in turn, keeping my eyes soft even when the rage was rumbling through me. It didn't take a genius to know who he meant by the blonde lady.

Megan.

Julian had brought that viper into their lives. Even after everything she had done when they were inside my stomach he had done that. Goddess knew what kind of horrible and evil things she had done since, probably behind his back. 

"Is the blonde lady kind to you?" I asked , forcing myself to stay calm.

The twins shrugged in unison. 

"We don't see her much." Noah said.

"She's papas friend, not ours." Niall added quickly. "I don't think she likes us much. When she gave me a needle, she made me cry."

He sounded so upset that I wanted to rush off and kill her with my own hands. Something I should have done long ago but couldn't now.

"Did papa punish you today?" I asked instead, changing the subject. "Did you both eat?" I searched their faces.

If he had withheld food then I would kill Julian because what kind of father did that? Punish his sons when they couldn't control the changes happening in their bodies. Changes that had happened so early. 

"We weren't allowed cake." 

Letting out a sigh of relief I began to laugh. "Well that's not too bad but-"

An idea was forming in my head. One that would make me happy and my children happy at the same time and one which might just piss off my husband at the same time.

Which in my opinion was a win-win situation.

"Do you want to sleep in here with mummy tonight?"

Two pairs of blue eyes locked on me. Niall looked unsure. "Papa doesn't allow us -"

He sounded so formal. So much like his father apart from the uncertainty.

"Papa won't be sleeping in here tonight," I said with a smile. "Just me , you and Noah. We can have a little sleepover, watch any movie you want. Within reason." I added quickly, seeing the look that passed between them.

"With snacks?" Noah asked , his face lifted and his eyes glittered with excitement. Again I couldn't help but laugh.

"All the snacks." I ruffled his hair playfully. "Popcorn, and candy."

Niall frowned. In the time since I had been awake I had learnt a lot about my boys personality. Niall was the sensible one, the sensitive one who liked to follow rules. Noah wasn't fussed about rules at all, and he protected his brother with a ferociousness that was almost scary. 

"But not cake." Bending down I kissed Nialls dark curls. "Because Papa said no to cake." I winked at Noah who didn't even bother to stifle his giggle.

"I'll sneak down to the kitchen and get us some yummy supplies, you two go and get what you need from your room and we will meet back here in-" I theatrically looked at my wrists. Tapping it. "In five minutes."

"Silly mummy." Noah scrambled up to wrap his arm arms around my neck and kiss my cheek.  "You don't have an arm clock."

Laughter erupted out of my lips before I could stop it. "Arm clock. You silly pup. Do you mean a watch."

"I knew it was a watch." Niall preened.

"We are wasting time, let's go. Whoever is back in the big bed last has to-" I didn't get to finish as the boys bounded away. Their high pitched laughter echoing around the empty halls.

I was much slower moving so when I finally reached the bedroom, with a full tray of goodies and a bottle of pop under my arm, they were already under the blankets and the tv was blaring at twice the usual volume.

"We win." Noah clapped his hands.

"Yes you did." I climbed carefully in between them , so I had one of my babies on either side and settled the tray on my lap carefully. 

"I like this." Niall said as he cuddled into my side.

"Yes we do." Noah said as he did the same. "We like an awake mummy more than sleeping one." He lifted his face to search my face. "If you promise." He held out his pinky finger, "to not go away again then I'll let you win every race."

"Yes." Niall nodded his head. "Every single one." 

I looped my little fingers around each one of theirs and promised. "I don't need you to let me win because I am never going to leave you. Either of you ever again." I vowed.

Almost instantly they relaxed against me and we settled into watching some movie about monsters that they had chosen. 

I didn't watch it though, I watched them. Memorising the expressions of excitement and wonder on their faces and locking it away in my heart.

Never leaving them was a promise I would never break, it didn't matter if they beat me at every race or every fight for the rest of their lives because I was the real winner here.

With them finally in my arms, I was the winner.
###chapter 200
Julian

I don't know what time I got back to the palace but I knew it was late because the sun was already beginning to rise.

For several long minutes I just sat in my car, my hands closed tight around the steering wheel and the note that had been left for Megan clutched tightly.

The message on it was a disgusting tirade of what the person planned to do to her. It was so graphic that it had made me feel sick just reading it. Megan was understandably distraught and it had taken me hours to calm her down.

How was I going to explain this to Cassie? Telling her it was an emergency was only going to work for so long. My hands tightened.  Why did I have to lie to her at all? A small voice seemed to whisper in my ear. There was nothing but friendship between me and Megan. Nothing else. And as a mature adult Cassie would understand. Only I knew she wouldn't. She still thought Megan was the bad guy. The woman she had been five years ago when she didn't have a choice.

I knew differently.

I just had to make Cassie see the truth, that's all. That meant not running off in the middle of our time together to go and see another woman. I had to put some boundaries up and Cassie would never accept Megan , if I kept running off to her.

What a mess, groaning. I let my head fall until it hit the steering wheel.

Hopefully Cassie would be asleep and I could slip into bed without waking her. It would give me a few hours to think about an excuse as to why I was gone for so long and why I had left her so abruptly.

Getting out of the car as quietly as I could, I found the front door opened for me and Cathy waiting inside. Still in her nightdress she watched me approach with wary but accusing eyes.

Clearly she thought I was a fool, which was fine because I thought I was one as well.

"Good morning." Schooling my face into a smile , I swept past her. "You're up early."

"We all have." She said as way of a greeting. "Young Noah was sick in the night."

I froze, my jacket half shrugged off and my stomach flip flopped. Turning I stared at her but she didn't give me a chance to speak.

"Cassie tried to ring you. So did I . Several times. Your phone was off."

I frowned. I didn't remember turning my phone off but maybe the battery had died. I hadn't really checked it after putting it on Megan's glass coffee table.

"It must have died." I said quickly. "Is he ok? What's wrong with him?"

Cathy shook her head. "A pretty bad stomach bug. We thought at first that it was because of all the sweets at the movie night. But one of the footmen came down with it as well so it's most definitely a virus of some sort."

I blinked at her. But only a few words of hers seeped through my tired brain. 

All the sweets.

"I'll deal with it." Not waiting for her response I walked up the wide curving staircase. My jacket still on and headed towards my bedroom suite.

The door was open so I could see in without having to peek. Cassie was there, Niall fast asleep on one side of her and snoring softly. She was half turned towards Niall. Her hand smoothing back his sweaty hair and she sang a low soothing lullaby to him. He was falling asleep, comforted by his mother and it should have been a sweet scene.

She'd only been awake a few weeks really and they were already so bonded but I couldn't think about anything but the utter disrespect she had shown me.

"I'm home."

Her eyes flicked up to me before falling back on our child.

"Can I speak to you in private for a second?" I asked.

"He needs me." She mumbled without looking up.

"He's survived four years without you Cassie. He can sleep by himself for a few minutes. Or is this because you feel guilty for filling him up with sugar when I expressly told them no."

Her head shot up so quickly that I heard something in her neck pop.  "What? What did you say?" Cassie's voice shook with anger.

I didn't answer instead I stepped back out of the room and waited for her to join me.

The moment she did , I gripped her elbow and pulled her down the hallway. 

"What the fuck is your problem Julian." She hissed , snatching her arm back and glaring at me. 

"You are." I growled. "I love you Cassie but you can't go against the rules for me with the boys. They are my sons, and I won't have it."

For a heartbeat she stared at me and then she blinked. Once slowly. "They are my children as well." She said through gritted teeth. 

"Yes I know and I want us to work together to raise them. I don't want us to be at war with each other over them." Reaching out I touched her cheek. "Please don't go against my wishes anymore." Just the touch of her skin was like a balm to my anger. "The boys should sleep in their own room and not in our bed. They shouldn't be eating candy before bed or be rewarded for loss of control."

"He isn't sick because we had a movie night."

I shrugged. "Maybe not Cassie. But they are still in our bed." And I wanted to fall into that bed with her and pick up where we had just left off a few hours ago. That couldn't happen now.

"And whose bed are you sleeping in Julian?" 

Cassies question took me by surprise. "What? I have been dealing with an emergency."

Technically that wasn't a lie.

"Where have you been Julian?" Her hands curled into fists. 

"Dealing with a security threat."

"Ok, so you haven't been with Megan?" She pulled herself up. "You have your rules Julian and I'll respect them but I expect the same back. I won't have Megan in our lives. She is a non negotiable."

Closing my hands around her waist I pulled her into my body and wrapped my arms around her. "I haven't been with Megan, she isn't in our lives."

That was definitely a lie.
###chapter 201
Cassie

We tried to make it work, which was more than we had done when we had first got married and in certain ways it worked. The twins welfare was where we agreed on most things, even though I thought he was too hard on them and he thought I was too soft.

But it was in other areas that we seemed to come unravelled. Like being together. Every date he planned he ended up being called away. Every time we came together in a desperate mass of arms and searching lips his phone rang.

I'd never realised how much time being a king would take. In the dream world, because that's what I was beginning to think it was, we had been at war and fighting for our lives and he had still had time for me.

And I tried to be patient and not needy but it was hard. I was alive and my children were with me. I lived in a god damn palace that was full of people and yet I had never felt so alone.

In the weeks since Noah had got sick, more and more of the staff had. Even Cathy. The only people who didn't seem to get it were me and Julian. Right up until last night when Julian succumbed. He had retreated to another wing, not wanting to get any of us ill again and that's where he had stayed.

Alone.

That didn't sit right with me. As his wife I should look after him plus I was a doctor. I could help like I had helped the others.

Moving through the quiet of the predawn palace , I walked along the empty halls. My hands trailing across the panelling that lined the walls and I couldn't help but wonder if those secret passage ways were behind them. Or was the labyrinth of tunnels and secret rooms were just real in my dreams? One of these days and it had to be one day soon I would go and explore and find out. But I wasn't ready yet. I wasn't emotionally strong enough.

Maybe I never would be.

A door at the end of the wing, the old kings bedroom with its wide double doors swung open and two voices rang out. One was unmistakably my husbands and the other was-

Two even though he had said he needed to be alone. 

I sank back into the shadows of the wall. Not exactly hiding but close.

"I'll come back tonight." Megan's voice was husky.

Without thinking I stepped out of the shadows and into her path. 

"Good morning queen Cassie." She stopped dead , her head bobbing in a small bow. "It's good to see you looking so healthy. The king is fine, there is no need to get up so early to check on him. He's had a tiring night so is resting now."

I stared at her with my mouth open. Her words were so innocent but at the same time they weren't. They were full of mocking innuendos.

"Don't worry." Sweeping past me, she patted me on the arm. "I took good care of him."

A red haze filled my vision. Moving in a flash , I curled my hand around her throat and slammed her into the wall. 

Her unpainted nails scraped against my hands as I lifted her and her eyes widened and bulged.

"Stop it, please." She croaked. "I'm his doctor and -" I squeezed and her words were cut off.

"That is enough Cassie." Julian's strong naked arm caught me around the waist and pulled me away. Megan fell to her knees, spluttering.

"Go Megan. I'll -" Julian began to say and I heard Megan scuttle away at full speed before I turned my eyes on my husband. I knew they weren't human. I wasn't even sure they were even my wolf. They felt different because I felt different. My body seemed to sing with energy that had nothing to do with the anger that was coursing through my veins.

"What the hell is wrong with you?" Turning me in his arms Julian scowled at me. "Attacking her like that." Hands on my shoulders he began to shake me. Or at least try. Only this time I was unmoving. Like a rock.

Pulling back my lips I growled. 

Julian's eyes widened. "Stop that right now. You are not an animal. I don't know how you managed to lift her like you just did but you need to relearn your control Cassie. Maybe this lack of control is where the boys get it from." He added quietly and I did a double take. 

My lack of control?  Had he really just said that?

"She is my doctor and I am sick."

My teeth still bared, I glanced down at his body. The sculpted bare chest and the blue pj bottoms that hung devilishly low on his hips. Almost like he had only just thrown them on. His hair was mussed up.

Had he been naked in there with her? Had to tugged at his hair in pleasure. 

Was I a fool for thinking that he would ever put me over her?

I had killed myself for him. I had love him. 

Had.

"Did she spend the night with you?" I asked in a whisper.

His eyes widened, "No Cassie. She did not. I called her to come and give me a shot. The ball is tomorrow and I don't want to be sick for it."

I didn't speak. 

"She is my doctor and nothing more."

"Ok." My shoulders slumped. "I don't want her in my home." Walking away I felt all the power that had been zapping through my veins drain away. It left me exhausted. 

"Cassie, she is just -"

I turned to him and he was so close that we almost collided with each other. 

"You are being unreasonable." Catching me around the waist he pulled me into him and I knew what he was going to try to do. He was going to try and kiss me. Like he thought that was the way to make it all better. 

"She is just my doctor. I class her as a friend. Can you smell her on me Cassie? Can you?"

I sniffed before I could help myself. No, I couldn't smell her scent on him. 

"She is your friend but I am your wife." I said evenly, pulling out of grasp. "I am the mother of the children she tried to kill. I won't have her in my life." I met his eyes unlinking. "And if you must have her in your life, then I won't have you in my life either."
###chapter 202
Cassie

Cathy was already in the kitchen when I arrived. Without saying a word I pulled up a chair and sat down.

"You keep coming in here Cassie." She admonished with a smile, handing me a steaming mug of coffee. "You should take breakfast in the family dining room. You don't need to come in here and eat with the staff."

Ignoring her I took a sip of the steaming black liquid. She'd told me this before but I just couldn't get used to eating in that room. It was too formal. 

"I don't like people serving me when I'm more than capable of doing my own breakfast." I said with a sigh. "Plus sometimes I feel like one of the staff anyway."

Cathy paused. "What do you mean?"

I gave her a small shrug. "I don't know. Maybe it's because I feel like I am his wife but not the woman he really wants to be with. His grandfather was the one who made the match. Neither one of us wanted it but now we are stuck together."

Slowly Cathy turned off the stove and came to sit opposite me. Taking me hands in hers, she turned them over. 

It was still weird to me that she was alive. More than anything that had changed that was the one I struggled with the most. 

"You are his queen, Cassie. The mother of his heirs. And in time when you have learnt to be together properly you will have more children and have a beautiful happy family."

A sigh blew from my lips. "That's exactly my point. That's my job. I am his wife and the mother of his children. I am a broodmare." 

Her eyes widened. "Julian loves you Cassie. The accident caused everything to change with him. He's in love with you and now he has you back he will do what is needed to make you love him back."

I frowned. That was the problem, I did love him. I just wasn't sure that was enough. 

"Then why won't he touch me?" The words ripped themselves out of my mouth and I saw Cathy recoil. 

"I-"

I locked eyes with her. "He hasn't touched me since I woke up. Every time something starts he pulls away and leaves." My chest heaved. I didn't know why I was talking to her like this , only that it felt good to get it off my chest. "This morning I found Megan in his room. He was in a state of undress-" trailing off I closed my eyes.

"She's his doctor."

My eyes snapped open. I was fed up with that excuse. Like people thought I was stupid enough to believe it.

"Is he going to her when he leaves this house?" I asked. It wasn't fair to ask her and I knew it. But I also knew that the staff knew everything that happened in this house. 

"Cassie." Her hand closed around mine. "He loves you."

"Is he?"

She shook her head. "I don't know."

Searching her face I let out a sigh. She wasn't lying. I would have been able to smell the lie on her.

"How close were they when I was in the coma?"

Her face closed down. 

"I see." Pain rippled through me. I had known it and hadn't allowed myself to believe it. I'd been asleep for four years. Did I actually expect Julian to respect his vows to me in that time when he hadn't even when we had first been married? Of course he hadn't. But to keep Megan as a lover? That was a blow that I didn't know if I could get over.

"Not like that." Cathy squeezed my fingers. "They weren't a couple. She helped save the kingdom and they became friends. That is all. Just friends." Her eyes danced away. "He wouldn't risk his marriage to you by cheating on you Cassie. And if he did , he knows he would lose half of his staff. Me included." She said firmly. "If I found out he has strayed from you and you left, then I would come with you. I saw how he treated you in the beginning and how unhappy you were ,and I won't watch that again."

I stared at her. She meant every word. "Thank you Cathy." Reaching out I hugged her. "I feel like you are my only friend here."

"Hush now silly girl." Looking uncomfortable she untangled herself and stood up. "And shoo, go and get yourself dressed. I'll have someone bring breakfast up for you. And-" she paused. "Talk to Julian. Tell him how you are feeling. We have you back, the boys have you back. None of us want to lose you again. But-" she levelled her eyes on me. "You need to stop acting like staff and start acting like the queen you are. A woman like Megan," she sneered. "Has nothing on you. You want her out of your life for good then prove to her that you are in charge. Show her , her place in the world." Her eyes met mine. "And that is below you, Cassie. Never forget that you are a million times the woman she is." 

She shooed me out of the room and I wandered away with my coffee still in my hands. It was still early so not even the twins were awake yet. 

A sane person would go back to bed, have a spot of breakfast and just relax. I was a queen after all. Only I was so much more than that. 

I'd taken two steps into my bedroom and closed the door when I noticed Julian standing by the window. Still in nothing but his pj bottoms. 

"You think I don't want you." He said with his back to me.

I paled. "You listened in to my private conversation?"

He shrugged. "Not all of it but I heard enough." Slowly he turned. There was pain in his eyes but also something else.

A need so fierce that it burnt.

Rushing across the room, he caught me up. His hand sliding under my long dark hair he pulled me towards him. "You." He kissed me. "Are my entire life Cassie. And it's time you believed it."
###chapter 203
Cassie

The force of his kiss burned through me. There was so much feeling in it, so much passion that any thought of Megan and his relationship evaporated out of my mind.

My body curved into him, throwing my arms around his neck. I reached up on tiptoes and opened my lips to him. My tongue tangled with his. Our breaths mingled. 

Kicking the door shut behind us, Julian's lips never left mine as he walked us towards the bed. Turning us about he gave a little shove. So I went sprawling into the mattress.

He didn't follow me down. Instead he just stood there and stared down at me. "I love you Cassie. You are my mate. It's time to start believing me."

My heart skipped a beat. He hadn't said wife or queen. He had said mate. He had said something like that before and then quickly amended it. Yet here he was now, saying it out loud and proud. 

"Julian." I began to say but stopped when he caught my left ankle and swung it over his shoulder. Pressing a kiss there he turned his attention back to me.

"You are my mate. My fated mate and I love you." More kisses. "You feel it as well don't you?"

"Yes." I couldn't take my eyes off him. I had never seen him look so desperate or so earnest. 

"That first day in the hospital, when I didn't know it was you. I felt it snap into place and then my mind got all jumbled. I was a pig, Cassie. A blind bullying pig but I'm not the same man anymore. I am not blind." He took a deep breath. "And I see you. I see you as the strong beautiful woman you are. Not as just my queen or as a mother but as a woman. If you want to go back to practising medicine then that's fine with me. You are too talented to keep you to myself and if you aren't ready, then that's fine as well. But one thing I want to make clear is that your happiness is important to me. I am going to make everything up to you. Starting now."

Dropping my leg, he pushed my knees up. He hooked his hands in my pjs and slid them off my legs. My top was tugged from my head and tossed away. 

I fell back on the mattress. Breathing heaving as he raked his eyes all over me. 

"You are the most beautiful woman in the world. The idea of me not wanting you is absurd." Using both his hands he parted my legs. Baring my pussy to him. "Beautiful." He whispered. 

Pushing down his pants, he stepped out of them and knelt on the bed between my legs. "Your mine Cassie. You belong to me. And I'm going to prove it to you." 

Reaching out he pressed his thumb to my clit and circled it. My back arched off the bed as a million feelings swirled over me. Julian's eyes never left my pussy which I knew was dripping for him. I could feel it seeping out of my body. 

"Tell me your mine." He growled out an order. Pressing down even harder. I scrambled for his hand. Trying to get him to continue but he just withdrew his hand. 

I fell back defeated, he had got me so close again and again he was going to leave because that's what he did. He made me want to believe his words and then left me heartbroken. I didn't know how much more I could take.

I turned my head away. Closing my legs. 

"Oh no you don't." Spreading my knees he fell on top of me. "You don't get to look away from me. I want your eyes on me when I first enter you. I want to see your expression." Reaching between our bodies I felt him press against me. Only it wasn't him, not bare anyway. He had moved away to put a condom on.

"Protection?"

"Because you don't want another baby yet do you?" His eyes searched my face as he teased at my entrance. "Unless you do. Just say the word and I'll be bare inside of you and filling you with my seed." He arched an eyebrow  and I shook my head.

"There you are then." Catching hold of my wrists he forced them down and plunged into me. So hard and fast that my body tensed at the sudden intrusion.

"God I've missed the feel of your body around mine." Lifting both of my ankles over his shoulders he stared down at where our bodies were coming together. "Of watching you tighten around me." He ground out, "I've missed-"

His words didn't make sense to me, there was no meaning to them. There was only the feel of his thick cock spreading me open and filling me and the mounting tightening pleasure that pulsed through my body.

"I love you." I blurted before I could stop myself.

For a moment his pace slowed. He stared down at me like he coolant quite believe that I had just said that and then he fell on me. Catching me up in his arms , he plowed into me. 

Wrapping my legs around his waist I met each of his strokes with his body. 

"I love you too, but I can't do this." Retreating he ripped the condom from his body and threw it away. Sliding into me again with one long thrust. 

"I don't want anything to come between us. Not ever again." Arms on either side of my head, he kissed me slowly. In time with his thrusts and I was powerless to do anything but cling to him.

Cling to him and love him. 

"Please don't hurt me again." 

I didn't know what made me say it but I couldn't take the words back.

Julian growled. Catching my face between his hands he stared down at me. His movements slow and jerky. "I'll never hurt you again Cassie. I love you."

Closing my eyes I nodded. I believed him. 

"I mean-"

Surging upwards I silenced him with a kiss. "No more talking Julian. Make love to me. Make me yours again."
###chapter 204
Julian

Some days I had to be nothing but king. I was meant to lead and rule and order people around because that's what kings had to do. They had to make the hard decisions.

Most days I wished I could just be Julian and not King Julian but neither of those things even crossed my mind today.

Today I was Julian , husband and father and it was everything I didn't know I needed. 

It was more than making love to my wife for hours, until we were both completely spent and boneless in each others arms covered in sweat. 

It was the fact that our boys, our sons, had joined us in the bed right after our showers. Their matching pjs and curling dark hair and laughing faces between us in the big bed as we watched movie after movie together.

Never in my life had I thought about having a day like this. A day free of stress and full of laughter but now I didn't ever want to leave the bed.

Even when I knew I had to at some point to finish off preparations for Cassie's welcome home party.

"This has been nice." Reaching across the twins Cassie took my hand in hers. Half turning from my place propped up against the pillows I smiled. Bringing her hand to my lips I nodded.

"Nice doesn't even come close to how much I've enjoyed today." Another kiss on the back of her hand. "All of it." I winked and was rewarded by a slight blush.

I loved that about her , how I could still make her blush. 

"Me too." She whispered back, her eyes shining and I knew what she was thinking because I was thinking it too. That if Noah and Niall hadn't been here then we would have been back in each other's arms.

I was like a man obsessed when it came to her and after four years of not being able to touch her, who could blame me. We had only been married for such a short amount of time before the accidents , and that time hadn't been entirely happy. So it felt like we were newly weds again and in a way that's exactly what we were. 

"When the party is all over." I said softly because an idea was beginning to filter into my mind. I didn't know why I hadn't thought about it earlier. Maybe because I was so busy. Not that that was any excuse. Busy or not I should have taken time away the moment she woke up. I was a king after all. 

Cassie turned her face to me and waited.

"I think we should go on holiday , somewhere warm and sandy. Somewhere we can be a family. I have a villa in-"

Noah grumbled and Cassie's eyes drifted from me to him , the smallest of frowns on her face. "What's wrong little man." She ruffled his hair playfully. "Don't you like the beach?"

His smooth face creased up in to a scowl and he turned to me. "Is Meg coming as well like last time? I like the beach when she's not there and you can play with us."

His look was a challenge and it wasn't one I was sure I could win even if I was king and he was a four year old.

The breath lodged in my throat.

On the other side of the bed I felt Cassie stiffen and a tight metal band wrapped its way around my chest.

Holding my breath I waited for her to explode , like she had earlier. Like she did every time Megan was even mentioned but nothing happened. Sliding my eyes up towards her face, I found her staring straight at me. A look of apprehension on her face.

She was waiting for me to speak.

Clearing my throat I smiled and shook my head. "No, Noah." I was speaking to him but I was looking at my wife because my words were for her. "Megan won't be coming with us. It will be for our family only. Me." I stabbed myself in the chest with my finger. "You, Niall." I ruffled their hair. "And mummy. Because that's our family." I stared at Cassie and saw her shoulders relax as she sighed. Finally I could breathe again.

Smiling, I winked. "Maybe we can take Miss Cathy with us though, what do you think?"

Both twins clapped their hands in delight but Cassie just remained staring, the smile still locked firmly on her face but it no longer reached her eyes. 

Turning to her I frowned. "What's wrong?"

Opening her mouth to speak , she snapped her lips shut again and shook her head. "Nothing. It's just-"

She didn't need to finish. I could see what she was thinking. She was overthinking the fact that Megan had come on holiday with us. That any memories we now made would be tainted because I had taken Megan there first.

"I'm going to buy us a new place. Somewhere just for us. So we can make memories. Good ones."

She shook her head again. "No, it's fine. You don't need to go to so much trouble for me."

My frown deepened. "You are the only people in the world I would go to so much trouble for Cassie. The only people in the world that matter." I stressed the last word and her eyes widened.

"It wasn't a romantic escape, Cassie." I whispered. "I took all of my staff." 

That wasn't a lie at least. 

"Julian-"

"You are the only one I want and need Cassie. Megan is nothing but my doctor and hopefully by the time we come back from this trip you will finally believe me." My eyes locked with hers as I waited for her to reply. She was the one who looked away first and her voice when she spoke was a tiny whisper.

"I hope so, Julian. I really do."

So why did it sound like she didn't believe me?
###chapter 205
Cassie

I tried to enjoy the rest of the day, and at times I forgot everything whirling around my brain and did and then all the thoughts would come back. 

Megan might be nothing more than his friend and his doctor. He might even believe that but she had taken my place in his life so completely. The fact that he had taken her on holiday with my boys was sickening.

But did I have a right to be jealous? I had been asleep, dreaming of a life with him which was so much different to this one. Did I really expect him to not have touched a woman in all that time?

No, of course not. I wasn't a monster. I knew he would have tried to get on with his life. I just didn't want the other woman to be her. 

Megan.

She had always wanted my life and now she had it. The only thing she didn't have was a wedding ring on her finger and the title of queen.

"Cassie." 

I stiffened as Julian's arms came around me. His bristly chin came down to rest on my shoulder. 

"Did the boys go down ok?"

I nodded mutely. I didn't trust myself to speak just yet. My mind was whirling too much for me to sound normal.

"What's wrong?" His sigh fluttered my hair against my cheek.

"Nothing." I lied , turning into him. I wrapped my arms around his neck and reaching up I pressed my lips to his. "I'm just a little tired. The boys were full of energy today."

He cracked a smile. "They like having you home. They needed their mum. I just never realised how much they needed you until you woke up. You're so good with them."

I didn't say anything. He meant well. I knew that but to my overthinking brain he sounded like he was giving an employee a review.

"I like having you home as well." He said huskily. His eyes darkened. "I've missed you."

"I've been right here for weeks." I gave a small shrug. "It's not my fault that you didn't want to touch me." Biting my lip I trailed off. I hadn't meant to say that out loud.

Julian's eyes narrowed. "Is that what you thought?" He asked roughly. "That I didn't want to touch you? Goddess." He tugged at his hair, turning away from me so my arms fell back to my side.

When he turned back, his eyes were wild. "Touching you is something I've always wanted to do. Even when I thought I hated you." He chuckled , I didnt. My face turned stony.

"I want to touch you, every minute of the day Cassie." He said softly. "I just didn't want to rush you. I didn't want-"

I cut him off. "Have you been -" I paused and swallowed hard. "Has there been someone else?"

Julian's eyes widened. "What? No!"

"It's understandable." I continued , ignoring his wild look. I needed to say this. I needed to get it off of my chest. "I was -"

He gripped my hips, painfully hard. "There's not been anyone else."

"I wouldn't mind." I lied. "I would understand."

"There's not anyone else."

"As long as it's over now." I finished and finally let my eyes dart up to meet his. 

"There is no one else Cassie. Please believe me in that."

He sounded truthful and I couldn't smell any lies on him.

"Ok."

Tugging me towards him, he pressed his lips to mine. "I was a fool before. I know that and you've always known that."

I couldn't help it , I cracked a smile.

"But the moment I saw you in that hospital bed, fighting for your life. Fighting for our babies lives. I knew how fucked up, I'd got things. That was the moment I knew for certain you were my mate."

I blinked at him. There he went again. Saying that. "Your mate?"

"Yes. And when you are ready I plan on making that official."

"We are already married." I mumbled.

"And I didn't even show up." He shook his head. "So once you are comfortable and back to full strength. When you feel ready I would like to do it again. Have a big get together. Celebrate properly." Another swipe of his lips against mine. "And when the wedding is over , I will take you away from the party and make you my mate in front of the goddess. She has already blessed us with twins , so I know more babies will come. In time." He winked. "There's no rush for that. I kind of want you all to myself for a life's while."

My eyes widened and my mouth fell open. "You mean that?"

"Of course I mean that. I just need to wait patiently for you to catch up." Tenderly his fingers slid down my throat. Skipping across my collar bone. Bending down he replaced his fingers with his lips. Biting down softly. "I'll mark you here and then only the goddess can part us."

I let out a shaky breath. Julian wanted me,as more than his wife. He wanted me as his queen. That meant something. It meant that his heart was true.

"I'd like that."

His face softened. "Tomorrow I will show you to the world Cassie. As my queen. It will change everything. It will be the start of our life together. If you will have me without anymore doubt?"

For a second I searched his face and then I nodded. I needed this fresh start with no more doubts or secrets between us just like he had said. We both did. Our family did. 

"I have got you a dress." He said with a smile. "I hope you don't mind."

"A dress?"

He nodded. A wide smile on his face. "It's perfect for you and of course you will wear the queens jewels as well. And neither one of them will even compare to how beautiful you will look. But it would make me happy if you wore it and let me- let me show you off. As my wife, as my mate." He took a deep breath. "As my queen."
###chapter 206
Cassie

The dress was the most beautiful and exquisite thing I'd ever seen in my life. I hadn't had a wedding dress, so that didn't count and even if I had , I doubted anything could top what was hung up in front of me.

"Oh Cassie." Cathy came up behind me. Making me jump. I turned to her.

Instantly she read my face. "What's wrong?"

"Nothing." I lied. 

"Then why aren't you dressed?" Reaching out she touched my cheek and frowned. "You're a little warm Cassie. Are you not feeling well?"

"I feel fine." And I did. "I'm just nervous."

"There's nothing to be nervous about Cassie. This party is in your honour."

"Yeah." I nodded. And that was part of the problem. I wasn't used to being honoured. I'd never done well with being in the spotlight. "I've just never been to a party as his wife before. We attended one before the accident but he didn't acknowledge me as his wife and went with Megan." I trailed off. "Will she be here tonight?"

Maybe that's what was making me pause. The thought that she was going to be here. I had promised Julian that I wouldn't doubt him anymore but the claws of jealousy still held on. It didn't matter how much I tried to loosen their grip. 

Cathy didn't even hesitate. "Yes, most probably."

I respected her for her honesty. "And that's why you need to pull yourself together." She lowered her voice to a whisper , her eyes darting around almost like she thought someone might be listening.

"You don't trust her?"

She shrugged. "The king trusts her and I trust him. But-" she winked at me. "She does need to be put in her place and you wearing that dress, standing tall and proud next to Julian. Will do that. He loves you very much."

"I know." I did believe that or at least I was starting to believe it anyway. "I know I'm being crazy for feeling so insecure around her but-"

Taking my hands Cathy, turned me to her. "Cassie, you are his queen. The mother of his heirs. It's time to start thinking like one."

I nodded. Maybe she was right. "Ok."

"Then let's get you into this thing." She snatched the delicate red fabric and I winced back. It was so flimsy, panel after panel of silk leaves, sewn together over a sheet sheath. One wrong move and the whole thing would be ruined. 

Not that Cathy seemed to care. Turning to me , she motioned for me to drop my robe and put my arms up. Which I did quickly. 

She let the dress fall over my body, lacing it up at the side with thin, almost invisible thread.

"There's no way I could have gotten into this by myself." I said as she finished the job quickly. 

"And that's why I'm here. It's a little big but that is just because you are still so thin. Still," she turned me around and smiled. "A custom gown should fit you properly. I will talk to the dress maker. He needs to do better."

I stared down at myself. It felt snug and not to big at all and one glance at the mirror and I knew I looked beautiful.

Like a princess.

No, not a princess, a queen.

"Sit down and I'll bring the jewellery. That's the final touch. Your hair and make up are perfect already."

I stared at myself in the mirror. Taking in the sweep of my lashes that perfectly ringed my eyes and made them look big and exotic looking. My lips were glossy, their natural colour. Even my usually wayward hair seemed to be on its best behaviour. Pulled and twisted , with loose soft curls framing my face.

I looked good.

Better than good.

"The king has asked you to wear the rubies tonight. And I have to say I think he is right. Red is definitely your colour. I'll be back."

She disappeared only to appear five minutes later. "Sit." Opening green velvet boxes she first produced a crown.

"I can't sit in this dress."

Laughing she shook her head. "Luckily I'm tall enough to reach them isn't it." She placed the crown on my head, securing it with Bobby pins that had appeared like magic out of nowhere.

"The necklace and the crown go together and-" she froze. Her eyes glued to the empty box in her hand.

There was no necklace.

"Where?" Wildly she looked around. "I don't understand. Julian got these out especially. I saw him order them from the vault. They are the jewels of a kings mate. I need to speak to him. There's no other jewels here and-" she was frantic. And I could hear her heart pounding away. If she carried on being worked up then she was going to have a heart attack.

Reaching out, I touched the back of her hand. "It's ok, they probably forgot to put it in the box. I don't need to wear a necklace."

"But you can't wear the crown."

"Then I won't wear the crown." I shrugged. "Honestly I felt a little silly in it anyway. The dress is-"

"Not enough. You need something."

"There's a small diamond necklace in my jewellery box." I rushed over to it. Pulling it out. Nothing fancy. Just a small square diamond on a thin gold chain. A graduation present from Forrest.

Cathy eyed it warily and then she sighed. "I think it might work better because of its simplicity but the King is going to be furious."

"Why would I be angry?" Julian's voice barked out and we turned to him.

"The jewels aren't-" Cathy began to say and stopped.

Julian swept past her, coming to a stop in front of me. His eyes wide in wonder and his mouth open.

"Cassie-" he breathed.

I blushed.

"You look- goddess I don't have the words to describe how you look. Wow." His eyes raked over me. "You don't need any flashy jewels." Taking the necklace for me, he moved behind me to secure it around my throat. His hands sliding against my skin and making me shiver with need.

"My wife is the most beautiful gem of them all."
###chapter 207
Julian 

The staff had done an amazing job of decorating the main hall. I had seen all of their efforts before I had come up to get Cassie and now I couldn't wait for her to see as well. It was breathtaking down there but nowhere near as breathtaking as she was.

I had never, ever in my life seen anyone so stunning as my wife looked tonight.

"I should check on the boys." She mumbled as we walked towards the stairs. Her hand was sweaty in mine. I tightened my grip on her. She wanted to run away and hide. Pretend she wasn't the queen she was but I wasn't going to let that happen.

She deserved this moment. It would finally mean she felt like the queen she was.

"The boys are fine. Fast asleep and their nanny is watching over them." I flexed my fingers around her hand. "Deep breath Cassie, you can do this." I didn't take my eyes from her face. 

And as mesmerising as she was, I could see how nervous she was.

"I can hear-" she swallowed hard, her throat bobbing. "How many people are down there?" With her other hand she gripped the balustrade. Her knuckles turned white. 

"A few hundred. Just the closest of the court, a few dignitaries from other packs and paranormal communities and-"

I watched it happen in slow motion. The way she shook herself , drew her courage around her and straightened her spine.

Lifting her chin and blinking once she nodded. "Best get this over and done with then, hey." 

Her voice was shaky but determined. Grinning, I drew her hand up to my lips and kissed it. "What just happened?"

She shrugged. "I don't know. I guess I had to have a swift talk to myself. Just don't let go of me ok? I don't want to stumble and fall."

Drawing her hand into the crook of my arm I started down the stairs. "I will never let you go." I whispered as we turned the corner of the stairs and hundreds of expectant faces lifted to watch us descend. 

Cassie hesitated, her cheeks flaming pinks. 

"You're doing great. Just follow my lead." Slowly I made my way down , stopping three steps from the bottom I waited until the hubbub of voices died down before I spoke.

"Friends, esteemed guests." My voice rose. "Thank you for coming here tonight. As many of you know I'm not one for big elaborate speeches. So I'll keep this short because she doesn't need any elaborate speeches. I would like to introduce to you my wife, the mother of my children and my ma-" I paused as I caught sight of someone in the crowd and completely lost my train of thought. Recovering quickly I turned to Cassie. I bowed low and kissed the back of her hand , which trembled in mine. "My queen, our queen." I turned her into the crowd. "Cassie."

A smattering of polite applause went up and the entire time Cassie stood stiff at my side. 

"Go and enjoy yourselves now." I shooed the crowd away , watching them move through the wide hallways towards where the party would actually be held. 

"Doing ok?" I whispered out of the corner of my mouth. A smile pulling up my lips. 

"Was that it?" Cassie's voice shook

"For now, but we will have to do the rounds. It'll be over before you know it and then we can dance the night away. Just- oh." I stiffened and leading her down the last few steps, moved to intercede the man who was striding towards me. I had only ever seen him in photos but I knew everything about him.

"Welcome." Hand over my heart I bowed my head to him. "To my home, lord of the -"

By my side Cassie let out a gasp. Loosening her grip she rushed towards the young woman at the panther lords side. A pretty woman with chocolate brown curls and soft eyes in a hard face.

"Yanna." Sweeping the woman up, my wife sobbed. "I can't believe it's you."

Awkwardly the guest stared at me.

"Cassie, this is-" trying to detangle my wife I paused. She had greeted the woman by name. Not her given name but the name I had been told her closest friends used.

"Do you two know each other?" I asked evenly.

"No." Yanna said quickly, stepping back behind her father who was scowling at me. "But it's a pleasure to make your acquaintance your highness." She dropped into a small curtsy. "And to receive such a warm welcome from your beautiful queen as well."

"Oh." Cassie sounded confused. Pain rippled through her eyes. There and gone again in a blink of an eyes. "Forgive me, I thought for a second you were someone I knew. A friend from my other life."

Yannas eyes widened and then a flashy wide smile split her face.  "I would very much like to be a friend, queen Cassie. I think we would be very good friends indeed."

Cassie didn't even hesitate. Looping her arm through the young woman's she laughed. "I think we will be the best of friends." She threw a glance over her shoulder at me and I nodded. She was a natural at this. And her taking the daughter away to talk gave me a chance to speak to the father and try to figure out a trade deal before we had to go to the party properly.

One thing niggled at me though, the way they were so easy around each other. Like they were indeed old friends and maybe they were but why would they hide it? If they knew each other why wouldn't they say? It didn't make any sense but my wife had been excited to see her. Yanna had been startled by the hug.

Two totally different reactions.

And what had Cassie said?

That Yanna looked like someone she knew from her old life.

But what old life? The one she'd had before we were married?

Or the one she'd lived in her own head when she was in the coma?
###chapter 208
Cassie

Yanna was as beautiful and funny as she had been before. Back in my dream world. Only I couldn't be sure it was a dream really because how did I know her when we had literally just been introduced?

How was it possible unless it was real? But how was that even possible?

The grey haired woman? The one in the woods that had warned me that things here might not be better , she was the key. In that world she had been a mystical creature roaming the forest, here she was-

My doctor.

"Are you ready to go in my love?" Julian's hand slipped in to mine and my fingers closed around it. 

"Yeah." Flicking my eyes up to him I saw that he was frowning. "Is everything ok?"

"Yes." 

He was lying. I could tell by the look on his face. 

"You've been standing by yourself and staring for a while now , that's all. I was worried that you were feeling overwhelmed."

I shook myself and glanced around. He was right, everyone else had gone into the grand hall. I could hear everyone talking and laughing from down the hallway. 

"I'm sorry." I mumbled. "I didn't mean to show you up."

Julian's frown deepened. "You didn't embarrass me Cassie. I was just worried about you." Drawing my hand up to his lips, he let his mouth linger over it.

"I'm fine, just daydreaming." I shrugged. "I guess we should go in and join the party hey?"

For a second his eyes swept over me. "I guess we should, although the more I see you in that dress , the more I need to see you out of it. Sneaking away and taking you to bed sounds like a much better idea than making small talk." He finished with a small chuckle.

I couldn't help it. I laughed. "Is that something we could do?" 

Because that sounded like such a better idea than pretending to be a queen to a bunch of people who didn't know me.

"Yes." He shook his head. "But we probably shouldn't. Not yet at least. Maybe in a few hours."

Pursing my lips I blew out a breath. "Ok then let's do this."

We walked down the hallway , towards the sound of excited chatter and beautiful music.

"Oh wow." Another breath left my lungs in a rush. If I had thought the decorations and glitz and glamour was lavish out in the entrance foyer I was sadly mistaken. 

The grand hall looked like a palace ballroom out of fairytale. Candles flickered in gold candelabra. The crystal chandeliers threw a myriad of beautiful colours across the polished dance floor.  

People were gathered in little groups, laughing, chatting, eating together as they sipped from their champagne flutes. 

"Does it make you happy, my love?" 

Turning my head I searched his face. "You did this for me?"

"I never got to give you the wedding you deserved." He shrugged. "I want you to know how important you are to me and to this kingdom. A party is just the start of it."

Lavish and beautiful , that's what this was but the fact he thought I wanted all of this just went to prove how much he didn't know me.

I was never the kind of woman who liked a fuss.

Not that I would ever tell him that when it was clear he had gone to so much trouble to make this special for me.

Turning into him, I reached up and pressed my lips to his cheek. Only it didn't land on his cheek at all. At the last minute he turned his face to me , so my mouth landed on his.

Instantly he looped one arm around my waist. He didn't seem to care that he was kissing me in front of several hundred people. Or that public displays of affection were frowned upon from people of our status.

I could feel eyes on me though, and it was making me uncomfortable.

"We probably shouldn't do this." He whispered against my mouth.  So, he was feeling it as well. Smiling, I stepped  away. Turning to see what he was looking at , I felt the ground shift under my feet.

Megan.

Was standing by the far wall. Talking and laughing. But easily seen. That's why he had stopped kissing me because she was there. 

No. I told myself firmly. That wasn't the reason. Julian loved me. He had called me his mate. That meant something. He wasn't involved with Megan. It was just my jealousy getting the better of me again. 

I had to listen to Cathy and put Megan in her place once and for all.

"Let's go and mingle." I said my eyes on Megan. Like she could sense me staring at her , she turned slowly and then with wide eyes wandered over to us.

Dropping into a low curtsy before us, her eyes remained on my husband. My eyes were glued to her, though or more specifically the necklace around her slender throat.

The ruby necklace.

"It's great to see you looking so well, Queen Cassie." She straightened and her eyes locked on me. The smallest of smiles tilted up her mouth.

"And you as well Megan. That necklace is exquisite. Like something royalty would wear."

At my side Julian shifted uncomfortably. 

"This old thing?" Her fingers brushed against the gemstones. "No it's just a silly gift from an old friend-"

"I'll miss you." 

The voice was female and clearly Megan's but it wasn't coming out of her mouth. It was coming from the speakers hidden by the stage. Where a giant screen had been erected.

The sweet music died as another voice boomed out of the speakers. 

"I'll miss you too."

The lights went off and the screen lit up, as my husbands voice boomed out. 

A hushed silence fell.

"Cassie-"

I turned from him and looked at that screen , as the words were repeated. 

Megan and Julian, embracing. Their words lingered everywhere. 

And they sliced into me. 

Because he had said those words not long ago. He had gone to her and said he would miss her after I had woken up. 

After he had said I was the one and she was nothing.

The image flickered to another one. Video taken inside a lavish apartment and this time I could see him moving behind her. Placing the ruby necklace around her throat and turning her with a wide smile.

And Megan?

Megan was wearing the exact same dress as I was wearing. 

Because he had given it to her first.
###chapter 209
Cassie

The silence was deafening. As video clip after video clip showed up on that screen. A montage of their lives together. Pictures of them laughing together over dinner, of dancing together , of them lounging on a sun drenched beach with my boys playing in the background.

Some of them were from the years I had been in a coma but most of them were a lot more recent.

All those times he had left my arms and rushed off , he had gone to her. I knew because each video was time stamped. Taken from the security cameras in her home. The most recent was only a few days ago when he'd had her try on the dress I was now wearing. 

She was still wearing the necklace that was meant to be on my neck. 

Because- because.

A strangled sound rushed from my lips. Drowning out the words he was saying on the screen. Something about not having to worry about the contract because he would take care of it.

That's all this was. He pretended to love me because his grandfather, the old king had some contract made up that said he had to stay married to me.

Everything he had said and done since I had woke up , had been a lie.

And like a fool I had fallen for it.

I had fallen for it because I had been so desperate to have things better between us. The other Julian, had loved me. He had died for me and I had died for him. This Julian was alive but he didn't love me.

He never had.

It was all just one massive lie, so he could have his crown and keep his whore.

"What a-"

I think it was Yanna who spoke. I recognised her voice but I didn't hear the end of what she was saying because at that moment Julian grabbed at my arm.

I sidestepped him easily.  Turning my back on the crowd that was mumbling in shock and faced the two of them.

"You're welcome to him." I said and was surprised when my voice didn't shake like I expected it to.  My eyes locked on Megan's and she looked terrified. She had every reason to be scared because I felt homicidal. 

Only deep down I knew I wasn't going to attack her. 

"Cassie." Julian reached for me again. His movements were so quick that I didn't have a chance to move before his fingers slid around my wrist and held me there.

For three long seconds I stared down at it. At the hand that only a few minutes ago had given me so much pleasure.

Only now I felt nothing but complete and utter disgust.

"Cassie just listen to me." He was speaking quickly, an urgent whisper.

"Let go of me." I hissed.

"Lets go somewhere private so we can talk."

Throwing back my head I laughed. Somewhere private? It was comical. He hadn't thought about privacy when he had let the entire party watch my utter ruin.

My humiliation.

Because humiliation was exactly what it was. 

"No." Tears were threatening to overwhelm me. But I wouldn't cry . Not here in front of everyone. I wouldn't give Julian or his bitch Megan the pleasure of seeing that they had got to me.

So it didn't matter that my heart had shattered into a million pieces the moment I had heard his voice tell her he would miss her. I wouldn't cry.

Drawing myself up to my full height, I met his eyes unflinching.

"I don't think we have anything else to say to each other, your majesty." 

"Of course we do." His voice was low and urgent. Drawing my hand up to his lips , he pressed his lips to it. Like he thought that would make me swoon and forgive him.

There was nothing he could do that would make me forgive him now.

He had chosen Megan from the beginning. 

And I had always chosen him. 

I couldn't keep doing that. Choosing a man who didn't love me. 

"Let's just go and-"

I ripped my hand from his grasp. Hearing his sigh as his arm fell to his side. 

"If you will excuse me, your grace. I would like to be alone now." My eyes swept to the side to meet Megan's face. Her hand was clutched to her throat. Pressing the rubies from the royal jewels to her scrawny skanky neck.

"I hope you both have a fantastic party,"

Not waiting for him to give me permission to leave I turned on my expensive heels and walked away and the crowd parted for me. 

"Cassie, wait." There was a second's hesitation and then he was after me.  Grabbing me around the wrist , he twirled me into his chest. "I do not excuse you." He rumbled out a growl. "You are my wife and this is one big misunderstanding. Me and Megan-" He shot a look behind him and my eyes followed to Megan's startled red face. 

I couldn't see the look he gave her but I could see her reaction to it. Her eyes softened. 

My anger deepened. 

Fuck them both.

They deserved each other. Both were lying cheating scoundrels.

"There is nothing between me and Megan but friendship."

Pointedly I stared at the jewels around her throat and my laughter was sarcastic.

"This is just-"

Taking a deep breath, I searched the crowd quickly. Finding every friendly face I could and then I smiled.

"It's ok Julian." Reaching up I ran my hands down his face. 

It was ok. This might not be the world I wanted to live in. I might have lost him in this one as well but I wasn't about to lose myself because of him. Not anymore.

I loved him. He was my mate and the father of my children but I loved myself more.

"I love you-"

"I love you as well." One last kiss on his full ultra soft lips and a lance splintered my heart. "But I want a divorce."
###chapter 210
Julian 

"Leave." I roared the words as I watched my wife walk away with her head held high. At the door a woman caught up with her and together they disappeared out of sight. 

I wanted to chase after them. But I was rooted frozen to the spot. 

Turning to the nearest guard, I motioned him closer and warily he approached. "I want everyone gone."

"Julian." Megan's hand came down on my arm. "You are making a spectacle of yourself. You need to deal with this properly so the rumours don't start."

I stared at the rubies around her throat. "What the hell were you thinking. Wearing them here in front of her?" Growling low in my throat I caught the gold chain and tugged. Ripping it from her skin.

Megan gave a cry, her eyes wide. "Julian." She whispered. "You left them, I thought-" Tears made her voice thick. "I thought they were a gift."

They had been a gift. A gift to my wife.

A wife who I loved and who had just been humiliated in front of everyone. The news of what had just happened would already be spoken about outside of these walls.

"If I find out you had anything to do with this then I'll kill you." I hissed in a vicious whisper.

"I didn't." She wailed. "I would never betray you like that."

I didn't wait for her to say anything more. I hurried away. Pushing my way through the crowd I was almost running by the time I reached the door. By the time I had reached the stairs I was sprinting.

Taking them three at a time , I didn't stop until I reached our bedroom. The room where only yesterday I had been the happiest I had ever been.

"Cassie-" the words died on my lips as I saw her turn to me. The beautiful dress I had commissioned for her , already in a crumpled heap on the floor. She was dressed casually in figure hugging jeans and a loose t-shirt. Clothes from her old life, back when we had first been married.

"I have nothing more to say to you Julian." Turning away she went to the dresser and pulled it open. Rummaging through she brought a handful of clothes to the open suitcase on the bed.

I stared at it for a second. 

"You're not wasting any time are you?" I said through gritted teeth. "You're so quick to think the worst and leave me."

"I have-" Cathy appeared in the doorway. Her arms full of more clothes. 

"Can you give us a moment please Cathy. I would like to speak to my wife." I said in a much calmer voice than I felt on the inside. Inside I was raging. 

"Of course sir. " Cathy said quickly but her eyes were on me. "Miss Cassie. I'll be downstairs when you're ready."

I blinked hard. "When she is ready?"

"To leave." Cathy said firmly. "If that's what she decides to do then I am going with her, your highness. My resignation is already on your desk."

"You're going with her-" shaking myself I dismissed her with a wave of my hand. 

I didn't say another word until the door shut behind her. "Cassie." Moving towards the bed I sat down heavily. "Cassie, please just talk to me. Let me explain?"

She didn't answer at first. Instead she folded each shirt and placed it in her suitcase like I wasn't there at all. 

I flipped her case onto the floor. "Talk to me." I roared, my heart hammering in my chest. 

Cassie stood there and stared at the clothes strewn all over the carpet.

"Cassie please." Falling to my knees , I wrapped my arms around her waist and pressed my face into her stomach. "This isn't what you think it is. It's all just a misunderstanding."

Goddess, she smelt so good. I nuzzled into her stomach. 

"Then you haven't been going to her?" She asked in a quiet whisper and I tensed. 

"Cassie."

"Have you been going to her Julian?" She asked again with more fire in her voice. "When you promised me you weren't, were you going to her?"

"Cassie-"

"Was this dress for me or did you have it made off her? We noticed it was a little big in places."

Lifting my head I stared into her tear filled eyes and I couldn't bring myself to speak.

"I see." She tried to step away and my arms tightened once again.

"It was for you. I just-" 

Goddess why couldn't I get the right words to leave my mouth? 

"You just needed to see her in it first?" For a second she closed her eyes and her chest heaved as she took in a breath. 

"No, Cassie." My fingers dug into her back in a desperate need to keep her locked to me because I knew if I let her go then I would lose her.  "It's not like that. Megan is a friend but it's you I love and want to be with. Only you."

Her whole body shook and I knew she was fighting back the urge to sob.

"Because of the contract? What happens if I divorce you Julian?"

"It has nothing to do with the contract." Too late I realised my mistake.

"So there is a contract?" She cocked her head to the side. "You lose the crown if I leave you don't you? Or if you leave me? That's why you want to make this work so badly."

"I want to make it work because I love you," I said desperately but I already knew it was too late. I could hold on for dear life but I had already lost her.

There was no love in her eyes at all now.

"Megan means nothing to me."

"She means enough that you risked your marriage for her. You lied to be with her and-" tenderly she reached down and ran her hand through my hair. It was such a beautiful touch and yet heartbreaking at the same time. 

Heartbreaking because I knew what was about to happen.

"I love you Julian. And I love our family."

"I love you too so stay with me. Don't break our family apart because of one misunderstanding."

Her eyes flashed. "You're the one who broke our family up. I love you but I can't be with you any longer." She took a deep breath. "I'll be back tomorrow to discuss where we go from here and to try and explain to the boys what is going on."

My heart shattered. "Where are you going to go? Just stay- I'll sleep in the other room, anything just stay. Stay so I have hope that we can make this right."

She stepped back and shook her head. "There is no chance to make this right Julian."
###chapter 211
Cassie 

I went back early the next morning. Cathy by my side and my face freshly scrubbed so it was pink and rosy. Not that it took away from the fact that I had cried all night. Held in Cathy's arm as she soothed me like a mother would their heart broken daughter. 

My eyes were red rimmed and puffy. 

Ian answered the door before we could knock.

"Ian." I flung my arms around his neck and hugged him.

"Not the hello I was expecting but hello to you as well Cassie." He removed himself from my arms and stepped back. 

"Sorry." I mumbled. I had to remember that this wasn't the Ian I knew and loved. We didn't have the history here that we did in the other world. I couldn't go around acting like we were best friends because in this reality he was Julian's man through and through.

"Is-"

"Julian is in the dining room." He stepped back. "He asked me to come and greet you because he's busy with-"

My stomach lurched. "Megan? Is she here?"

Ian's wuss narrowed. "No Cassie. That harpy isn't here at all. Why would she be? He's with the boys. Having breakfast and wants you to join him."

I hesitated. Casting a glance at Cathy. "I'll be in the kitchen." She said quickly. "If that's ok?" She aimed her question at Ian who nodded. "You don't have to ask Cathy. This is your home."

Cathy nodded. "That's where I'll be if you need me, Cassie." She flicked her eyes up to Julian's second. "Good to have you home Ian. I'm hoping you will be able to talk some sense into our king."

Ian chuckled. "I hope so as well." He mumbled.

"Mummy." I hadn't even reached the door of the dining room when Noah appeared out of nowhere and launched himself at my legs. Almost taking me down.

Scooping him up , I pressed a kiss to his nose and ruffled his hair. "Hey little man are you both beings good for papa?" Stepping into the room I searched for my other boy. He was standing there. Right in front of his father and both of them wore identical looks of pain on their faces.

"Hey baby," dropping Noah to his feet , I opened my arms to greet Niall and he took a step back.

"You left." He said in a teary voice. "You promised you wouldn't go away again and you went away. Papa has been crying."

My heart broke a little more. "I know and I didn't mean to make you or papa cry." I risked a glance at Julian. He did look like he had been crying. 

"That's enough Niall. Let's get mummy some coffee and breakfast and then you two can go and play and-"

Noah's hand slipped into mine, leading me to the chair between him and Julian. Warily I sat down. 

"Would you like-"

Not looking at Julian I shook my head. "I'm not hungry but thank you. Just a coffee will be fine."

Julian's eyes flashed. "You need to eat something and keep your strength up Cassie. Please let me-"

I cut him off before he could finish. "You don't need to try and look after me any longer Julian. That time has passed. Stop being so- nice." I shook my head.

Julian's eyes flashed. "Can we not just have a nice breakfast together for the boys sake?" He asked in a hissing whisper. 

"Pretending that things are fine between us isn't good for them. They need to know what is happening."

Both my boys, my previous little twins stiffened but it was Niall who spoke. "You don't love papa anymore."

"It's not that simple." I mumbled.

"I think it is." Julian said in a hushed whisper. "I think it's really that simple Cassie. You either love me and our family or you don't."

"Of course I love Papa." I ignored him completely. "And I love the two of you more than anything in the world but papa isn't happy with me. And when you love someone you want them to be happy don't you?"

They nodded their little heads. Identical frowns on their faces.

"So because I love daddy I have to let him be happy. That means I have to sleep somewhere else for a little while and find a little house. But that doesn't mean I don't love you. I'll be around as much as papa will let me be and when I have somewhere to live you can visit after school and on weekends or anytime you want to. Nothing will change really it will just be-"

"Can I talk to your mummy for a second? Go and play outside." Julian reached for my hand and flattened it to the table. Trapping it to the wood.

Both boys looked at me with wild desperate expressions on their faces.

"I won't leave without coming to play with you." I promised.

"Ok. Come on Noah." Jumping from his chair, Niall took his brother's hand and they walked away. Talking quietly.

"Please don't do this Cassie." Turning my hand over on his , he entwined our fingers. "We can work this out. I'll never see her again if that's what you want."

"It should be what you want, Julian. You shouldn't want or need to see her again. She is the woman who tried to kill your babies. The woman who has tried to tear us apart from day one.  But you want her in your life don't you?"

He closed his eyes. "It's not how you think." He said raggedly. "I don't love her , it's just I -"

"I know." I didn't understand why he needed her in his life because I didn't know what they had been through together but I did know that I couldn't be part of his life any longer. 

"I promise-"

"No Julian. No promises because there is nothing more to be done. I just don't want our separation to impact the kids. I want things to be amicable between us. So they can see that we both love them very much even if we don't love each other."

"But I do love you."

"It's not enough." And there it was. The truth. I loved him with every atom of my being but I couldn't keep giving and not receiving anything in return. "I will be finding a solicitor next week and-"

His fingers squeezed around mine. "I'll never sign those papers, Cassie." He growled out. "Not because of any contract but because I refuse to let you leave me. I'll give you the space you need. You can have the other house and any staff you need. We can make arrangements for the boys to spend equal time with each of us but I won't admit that this is over because I can't. I won't let it be."

"I don't need-"

"You will take the other house so I know you are safe and we will try and work things out. Cathy can choose the staff she needs and Ian-"

My eyes darted to Ian who was sat eating cereal at the other end of the table. 

"Ian will be in charge of security."

"You're sending Ian?"

Julian shook his head. "He asked to be transferred over to you and the boys. In fact more than eighty percent of my staff have asked to go with you. I messed up but I will make this better."

Sliding my hand from under his I stood. "There is no making this better. Our relationship is over. Ian?"

"Yes Cassie?" He lifted his head.

"I'm going to find the boys, can you have things ready to move by this afternoon?"

For a moment Ian stared at me and then he nodded. "I'll have everything prepared by lunch time, your majesty."
###chapter 212
Julian

Life went on. Only it wasn't a life that I wanted to live because she wasn't in it. I knew she was ok because Ian gave me daily updates but it wasn't the same as having her here in my home. 

I missed waking up and seeing her beautiful face first thing in the morning and it didn't matter where I looked there were memories of her everywhere 

The boys went back to school. Boarding like they had done before she woke up. So I only saw them on alternative weekends.

It was pure and utter hell. I was in limbo.

And I had no way of getting out of it because she refused to see me. 

"Did you know about this?" I flattened the legal documents under my hand and lifted my head to stare at Ian.

He glanced down once. "Yes." He said simply. "You did as well. She told you , she wanted a divorce."

She had told me that but part of me hadn't believed her. I'd given her eight weeks of space and had thought with my entire heart that she would come around enough to at least listen to me.

Only she didn't and even if she had , what was I going to say? That Megan was nothing but a friend. She was nothing but a friend but Cassie wouldn't believe that. Hell the whole kingdom didn't believe that. They all thought she was my mistress. Old stories resurfaced and my name was said with disdain again.

I was the king who publicly humiliated his wife and the mother of his children. 

Everyone loved Cassie and everyone hated me and Megan. Which was just how it had to be I realised. I deserved nothing less.

"Well I don't want that." Ripping the pages in two I let them fall around me like confetti. "I refuse."

"I don't think that's going to make a difference." Ian fell into the chair opposite mine. The wide wooden desk between us.  "You're seperated."

My eyes darted to his. It was the way he said it. Something in his tone that sent the alarm bells ringing. "Is she seeing someone else already?"

"Julian." He rolled his eyes. "I told you before that I would watch her and report back on her safety but I made it clear that I would not spy on her. You are separated and if she wanted to start seeing someone else then that's up to her. You really don't have a say in that after this whole Megan debacle."

I knew I had no right to be jealous. I knew it but I couldn't help myself. The idea of her spending time with another man made me feel sick in my stomach.

"Megan is just-" 

How many times did I have to keep saying it?

"But you kept your relationship with her a secret. From me, from your wife. You can sit there and look heartbroken all you want Julian." He said firmly and I had never heard him sound like before.  "But you are the reason your family is broken up."

I was on my feet in a second. My hands balled into fists at my side. "How dare you-"

Ian looked bored. "How dare I? How dare you Julian." He snapped straight back. "How many years did you wait for her to wake up. Years of searching for anything that would make her open your eyes because you realised too late what she meant to you. And then she woke up and you fucked around again. You messed up and honestly I'm pleased Cassie found the balls to leave you."

"I love her."

Lifting his chin he met my eyes. "I know you do. And she loves you but -"

With a groan I fell back into my seat and let my head fall into my hands. "How do I make this right?"

Ian shook his head. "I don't think you can Julian. I think it's past that."

"So she is seeing someone else?" I couldn't believe I was even saying the words out loud. 

"I don't know. She has friends and she has gone back to work but I don't pry into her social life because it's none of my business."

He wasn't telling me the truth. Not the whole truth anyway. Whether that was because he was trying to spare my feelings or he was protecting her I didn't know but I'd heard enough.

I had messed up but not in the way Cassie and everyone else thought. I hadn't done that! And yet my wife thought I was ok to start to date other men when she was still my wife.

"Julian." Ian warned as I strode around the desk and headed towards the front door. Grabbing up my car keys on the way.

"Don't do anything stupid."

Throwing my head back I laughed. "Oh I won't but neither will I let another man have her. I am her husband. Any man that forgets that will die."

"She's going to hate you-"

"I don't care anymore." I said and that was the truth.  "I would rather her hate me and be in my life forever then divorce her and watch her be happy with someone else."

Ian rushed after me. "What are you going to do?"

I shrugged. "I don't know but I won't divorce her and it's time she realises that."

"She'll be in work."

"Then I'll find her there or wait for her." Turning to Ian I frowned. "Can you pick the boys up from school and bring fhem-" 

It was Cassie's weekend not mine.

"Yeah I'll take them for ice cream before I bring them back. Make the most of the few hours, Julian. Don't waste them by arguing. Make her see how you feel."

I stared at him. "Any ideas on how I can do that?" I said because I didn't have a plan. All I knew was that I wanted her back and I couldn't live without her a moment longer. Cassie needed to stop this foolishness and come home where she belonged.

With a shrug Ian laughed. "Absolutely none."
###chapter 213
Cassie

My feet ached but not as much as my back did. After so long being asleep and not working, being back on the ward was hard to get used to. Not that I would ever change it. Being back working helped keep my mind busy so I didn't think about the absolute mess I was in.

I smiled and acted like I was fine , but inside I was screaming in despair. I had come back, literally killed myself for a chance to live out my happily ever after with my mate and he had chosen another woman. It was enough to make me want to curl into a ball and never get up but I knew I couldn't do that.

I couldn't give up because I had two sons who still needed me. I lived for my weekends with him. It was the only time I felt like I could truly relax but any other time? I worked or I cried myself to sleep.

There was a few moment during the week or the weekends that I didn't have them, that Yanna or Forrest came around and we chatted like normal friends. Even my mum tried to be understanding but she just didn't see why I couldn't give Julian another chance. 

Most powerful men had mistresses after all and Julian was a king. One naive women expected their husband to be faithful the whole of their marriage.

So maybe I was naive because that's exactly what I expected. I wanted nothing less that devotion. I expected nothing less so wouldn't settle.

I might love Julian. I might miss him every second of every day but I knew deep down that this was the right thing to do.

Kicking off my shoes, I groaned as my aching feet sank into the thick carpet. Leaning against the bedroom door I let out a groan and began to strip off my scrubs. 

The boys would be back from school soon and I wanted a hot bubble bath before they arrived so I could at least pretend I wasn't in serious amounts of agony with my back. 

"Hard day?"

Screaming my eyes flew open only to find Julian sitting on the bed. His eyes found mine and he smiled. 

"Julian." Clutching my hands to my breasts and trapping the blue top to it so he couldn't see the old fashioned off white bra I was wearing. 

"What are you doing here?" Wildly I looked around. I hadn't seen anyone when I had arrived home but that wasn't unusual. I wasn't the kind of woman who needed waiting on hand and foot. But the least they could have done was warn me that he was here.

"What are you doing here?" 

Julian stood. Shaking towards me and I had nowhere to go. My back was already pressed against the door 

"I came to speak to you Cassie." He stopped right in front of me.

"I mean why are you in my bedroom, Julian?" I sighed. 

Leaning into my space , he trapped me between his arms and sucked in a breath. "Because I am your husband."

"Soon to be ex husband." I snapped back. My anger growing because the smell of his skin was doing weird things to my body.

It was one of the reasons I tried not to be alone with him because he still affected me. It didn't matter how much I said I was done with him. The wolf in me  craved him.

Like he could sense it, he leaned into me further. 

"I will never be your ex anything." He whispered and he was so close that his breath moved my hair and made it flutter. "I won't allow you to leave me Cassie. This foolishness ends now. It's time to come home."

He was so close now that I could almost feel his body against mine and goddess I wanted that. I wanted something I could never have. 

Julian's hands slip up my arms to tilt my face to him and he knew he was going to kiss me. I could literally see the idea take form in his mind.

"How's Megan these days?"

He took a step back like I had slapped him. "Cassie. Don't-"

I took the opportunity to move away from the door and him. Going to the window I looked down at the gardens below and where the brand new play equipment had finally been erected. I couldn't wait for the boys to see it. 

"Please leave Julian, we have nothing to discuss that can be sorted out between our legal council."

He stared at me. "I won't sign the papers Cassie and I won't stand by and let you date another guy either."

My head snapped up.  Confused, I stared at him. "What are you talking about?"

"You dating other guys, Cassie. I won't stand for it. I can't handle it." He tugged at his hair.

"I'm not dating anyone." I muttered. "Why the hell would you think that?" Hands on my hips I glared at him. "I am not the one who strayed from our marriage." Narrowing my eyes I glared at him. "I am not the one who can't let go. You wanted Megan so you can have her," letting my eyes travel down his body , my lips thinned into a sneer.

"You should be happy."

He was across the room and pulling me into him roughly before I could even blink. Even as a wolf he shouldn't be able to move so quickly. 

"I am not happy." He growled out and this time his lips did descend onto mine but not in a sweet kiss. There was nothing tender in his lips. There was only something that felt a lot like hatred. 

"I am not happy because you refuse to be with me. Because you refuse to be mine like you promised."

"Because you don't want to lose the crown." I muttered.

He shifted his weight, and pushed me down onto the bed. Pinning my arms on either side of my head. 

"I don't give a shit about my crown Cassie." His lips slid against mine again and my body turned to jelly. My body always reacted to him like this but that didn't mean this could happen.

"I can smell her on you." I growled out against his mouth and then I bit him.
###chapter 214
Julian 

Cassie's sharp little teeth tore into my lips and blood splurted. The coppery taste of it filled my mouth as I reeled upwards. It gave Cassie the chance to roll from under me and head towards the door.

I was on her in a second. Crashing my mouth on to hers so my blood coated her lips. 

"Get off of me." She beat at my chest weakly but even as she said the words her mouth relaxed under mine. Three seconds after I caught her she had wrapped her arms around my neck and was kissing me back.

And it was everything I needed. Kissing her was everything.  

The scrubs came off easily and I tossed them away. I didn't care where they landed. I didn't even care if I had ripped them and left them useless. All I cared about what the feel of her lips on mine and her slim warm body pressed against mine.

Groaning into her mouth, I lifted her. Wrapping her legs around my waist she deepened the kiss until the whole world dimmed around me and there was nothing but her.

My beautiful mate.

"Mine." I growled out. Our lips found each other again and this time when she fell onto the bed under me , she didn't fight it. She didn't tell me to get off of her and never touch her again.

Cassie's hands on my body was as desperate as mine were as she tugged up the shirt I was wearing. When she couldn't get it over my head, she gripped the front of it and tore. Buttons went flying.

"You are mine." I didn't care about the shirt , she could rip me out of my clothes every single minute of every single day if it meant I could keep kissing her like I was. 

Dropping my mouth to her throat, I trailed kisses down it. Cupping her breast over her bra and teasing up the nipple through the tin material. 

"I am not-" she couldn't finish because a moan ripped its way out of her mouth. Head thrown back she arched her back into me. Giving me more of her slender throat to worship at.

She was mine. Even if she didn't want to admit it. The fact that she was this needy and passionate under me proved that. If she wasn't still mine then she would be fighting me off. 

She wouldn't be clawing at my zipper, like she wanted my cock more than anything in the world.

"Goddess." I groaned as her small hand delved into my zipper to curl around me. "Goddess Cassie I've missed you."

"Stop talking." Up and down she moved my cock. Her touch gentle but firm. My eyes rolled back into my head. 

"I love-"

Cassie squeezed my cock in warning.

"Fine." Slanting my lips over hers once more I kissed her until she was breathless and only then did I lift myself up to shed my clothes. Standing at the end of the bed, I stared down at her almost naked body and my cock jumped and throbbed at the sight of her.

Cassie stared at me with the same heat and then lifting her hips she pushed her panties down her thighs. I watched open mouthed as she tossed them away and parted her legs for me. Giving me a glimpse of the pussy I had been dreaming of for the last eight week.

Groaning, I fell on top of her. My hands moving between our bodies so I could line myself up and slide into her warm wetness.

My eyes rolled back as she tightened around me. Clenching and clutching me tightly as I began to move,

Cassie still wanted me. Giving me her body showed me that much and if she still wanted me then there was still hope for us.

There was still an us.

Closing my hands around her wrists I pinned them to the bed on either side of her head and kissed her. Ploughing into her with everything I had until I couldn't think straight and there was nothing but her mouth on mine and the sounds of her cries of pleasure growing louder and louder.

Each breathy scream was like music to my ears because each one told me she loved me.

I might have messed up but this was the beginning of us putting that in the past.

And if she needed me to not see Megan I would. Megan would have to understand. 

Maybe even in time-

The thoughts scattered in my brain as Cassie raked her nails down my back, her whole body tensed. Her pussy gripped mine so tightly that I thought my soul was going to be ripped from my body.

The force of her orgasm caused mine to crash over me as well. My balls drew up tightly and I came.

My seed coated her inside as she screamed and shook under me.

Finally she relaxed and stared up at me like she didn't know what the hell had just happened. Smiling, I pressed my lips to hers and rolled to the side.

"That was-"

"We didn't use protection." 

Pulling her into my side , I kissed her face again. I couldn't stop kissing her. I didn't even want to try. 

"Why would I need protection? There should never be anything between us Cassie." Sighing I closed my eyes. 

"I'll get the doctor to-"

My eyes flew open. "Don't even finish those words Cassie. Don't even think them. If I've put a baby in your belly today then good. It will be the perfect start to our-"

She rolled off the bed and reached for her robe. "There's no start Julian. What just happened doesn't change anything." She wrapped it around her. 

I watched as her beautiful nudity was hidden from my eyes. 

"Can you please shower and get dressed. There's clothes of yours in your old room still."

Confused I cocked my head to the side. "What are you talking about?"

"I want you dressed before the boys get home. I don't want them to be confused about what is happening here. I don't want them to have hope-"

I cut her off. "I am confused. What are you saying?"

She turned before she reached the bathroom door, "I am saying this doesn't change anything. I still want a divorce."
###chapter 215
Cassie

He wasn't in my bedroom by the time I had showered and dressed again and I let out a sigh of relief.

What had just happened was a massive mistake. Yes I had wanted him, I still did but I wasn't stupid enough to think a roll in the sack changed anything.

It didn't.

He was still seeing Megan and even if he wasn't. Even if he had finally kicked her to the curb it didn't make any difference. He had still lied to me. 

My relief was short lived. The moment I left my room I could still smell him. Which meant he hadn't left, he had just gone downstairs. Following his scent I found him in the living room. Completely relaxed with his bare feet propped up on the table. 

"Julian what are you doing?" Hands on my hips I waited for him to turn the tv off and turn to me. 

He didn't do either of those things. 

"You  can't just let yourself in and make yourself at home, Julian." My temper was rising and it was making my voice rise. If I wasn't careful I would be shouting soon and then the rumours would really start. 

"This is my home."

"That I own." He said with his eyes glued to the screen.

I groaned. "That's not fair Julian." 

Slowly he leant forward and turned off the tv. "Do you know what isn't fair,Cassie?" He turned to me. His eyes met mine and glued me to the stop. "Kissing me, making love to me and then telling me it didn't mean anything." He jutted out his chin. "That isn't fair."

"Oh please." I rolled my eyes. "Like you weren't in my bedroom for that reason? You came on to me. Not the other way around." Moving into the room I fell onto the sofa opposite him. "Should I have told you to leave? Yes, probably but I'm not going to pretend it was something it wasn't." I sighed. "It was just sex. A little stress relief." I gave a small shrug.

Julian's eyes bugged out of his head. "Just stress relief?" He asked through gritted teeth. His voice shook with emotion. 

"Yes."

"Maybe to you that's all it was but nothing about you is ever stress relief Cassie." With a shake of his dark head he reached for the remote and turned the tv back on.

I let out a grumbled sigh. "What are you doing now?"

"I am watching tv until the boys get home."

At my side my hands balled into fists. Counting to ten I took a deep breath and let it out but it did nothing to calm me on the insides.

"This is my weekend." I ground out.

"I don't care anymore. We are their parents and we will not be sharing their time anymore. So tonight when they come home, we will bathe them together and when they are ready for bed and have got their excitement out of the way because we are both here." His eyes met mine and seemed to dare me to argue back with him. That's what he wanted. For me to argue. So I wasn't going to give him that. I kept my lips locked shut and just stared at him.

"Then I'll phone us  a take away. Something we can eat together and watch movies. Like we did before the party when things were perfect."

"Recreating the past doesn't change anything. It won't make us a family again Julian."

Steadily he stared at me. "It's a start because things will go back to that level of perfection again."

My anger exploded out of my chest. Jumping to my feet I launched myself at him.  "It wasn't perfect, Julian it was a

Lie." Swinging my arm back I tried to slap him. Only he caught my hand easily and pulled me into his lap.

"It wasn't a lie." His voice was ragged as he moved my wet hair out of his way and kissed my neck. "I love you and this foolishness ends now." His teeth bit down. Hard enough for me to cry out but not hard enough to break the skin. 

"You can hate me Cassie." He said against my throat. His breath was hot. "But that doesn't change anything. You are my life and I refuse to live without you." Gripping my hair in his giant hand and yanked my head back. Forcing me to stare into his eyes.

My breath quickened in my chest.

"So we aren't going to be apart any longer. We will be a family. And the sooner you get used to that the better. Just say you forgive me and we will be able to move on with our lives."

I stared at him with my mouth open. He sounded like a crazy person. He was a crazy person.

"Maybe I don't love you anymore."

In answer he chuckled. Pressing his hand over my heart he closed his eyes.

"You stink of that lie, Cassie." He said in a whisper. "You reek of it. Try telling it again  when your heart doesn't beat in time with mine. When your heart doesn't sing out for me and your body doesn't crave mine inside of you."

"I hate you."

Again he laughed. "Keep telling yourself that my love because I don't believe you. We will be a family again. We will live together again. There will be no other man for you but me. I am your-"

"Maybe I don't want that."

He levelled his eyes on me. "Maybe I don't care what you want anymore Cassie. For years I watched you sleep and begged you to wake up. Do you think I would ever let you escape now?" Roughly he brought his lips down on mine. Forcing them open with a groan.

And it took everything I had not to melt into him. He was offering me everything I wanted but it wasn't enough. As long as Megan was in his life it would never be enough.

"Please Julian. I can't do this. Loving you will kill me."

He shook his head. "Then we will die together. Now try and look pleased. The boys won't understand if you aren't happy."

Then we will die together. His words echoed through my head. 

I'd already died for him once. How many more times would I need to go through this?
###chapter 216 
Julian 

It was easy to pretend that things were back to normal. Especially when I watched Cassie and the boys giggle together but deep down I knew it wasn't.

Things weren't back to normal because nothing in our life together had ever been normal.  Not since the moment we had married each other. We had started badly and it had just gotten worse from there.

Nothing I did or said seemed to make things better. It didn't matter how much I tried. In fact it just seemed to make everything worse.

"Is papa-" from his place on his mothers lap Niall stared at me and I could see the question in his eyes. He wanted to know whether I was going to spend the night. They both did.

"I think papa is just around for our movie night. We shouldn't-"

I cut her off before she could tell the twins that I was leaving. I hadn't been joking when I had said that I wasn't going to live apart any longer. There was only so much of being away from her that I could take.  Cassie might hate me for forcing this on her but that hatred wouldn't last for long. She already loved me, so I knew I could make her forgive me.

All I had to do was prove to her that Megan didn't mean anything to me.

Which might be easier said than done but I wasn't about to fail now.

I had too much to lose.

"I'll be sleeping over tonight. And all the other nights." I said firmly and watched as Cassie winced back. 

"You'll be here for breakfast?" Noah asked, lifting his head from his mothers arm, with a hopeful look.

"Every breakfast that I can. I love mummy too much and I can't be without her."

I expected my words to be greeted with smiles. At least from the boys but no one smiled.

"You made mummy cry." Climbing to his feet, Noah gave a little growl. His hands clenched into tiny fists at his sides. He came to stand right in front of me.

"Why did you make mummy cry?" He demanded.

"It's because he loved the blonde lady. The nasty one." Niall said not moving from Cassie's lap. I shot a look at her.

"That's enough boys." She said with a sigh. Lifting Niall to his feet she ruffled his hair. "Go and brush your teeth and I'll be up in a second to tuck you in to bed."

Noah didn't move. "You make mummy cry again." He pointed his finger at me. His little hand shook. "And I'll make you go away."

My eyebrows shot up. Had my youngest son just threatened to kill me? It sure sounded that way. I should have been angry but honestly I was just impressed.

"I won't make mummy cry again." I promised.

"That is enough Noah." Jumping to her feet, she irbawred them away. "You can't speak to your papa that way. He is the king."

"I never want to be king if that's how you act. Not ever. I would rather be a good and kind man than king." Niall muttered.

"Me too." Noah added .

"I'm sorry about their outburst." With a sigh Cassie came to stand in front of me. Not even a metre seperated us and yet it was too far. 

Leaning forward I closed my hands around her waist and drew her between my spread legs.

"I'm not." I said tartly. "But I am disappointed you have told them about-"

Her whole body tensed up. "I didn't tell them shit. They are just clever little boys. They told me things about Megan long before I found out about your infidelity."

"Goddess." I groaned. My fingers flexed around her narrow waist. "I don't know how many times i need to tell you this but I have never once slept with Megan."

For a moment Cassies eyes went wide. "Are you telling me you have never."

"I have never. I thought she was the one in the hospital. My mate and then she told me she was pregnant with my baby so I felt obliged to look after her but no I never fucked her."

Cassie swallowed hard, her throat bobbing.

"Then Ian did some digging and we found out it was you in the hospital that day. But by then you'd had that accident and I couldn't tell you what a fool I had been. I wanted to hate Megan , I really did but she helped so much. If it wasn't for her then I would have lost the kingdom and our sons wouldn't  be living in peace. I know it's hard for you to understand but please try."

"I won't understand Julian." The words ripped out of her mouth with a sob. "I will never understand your forgiveness of a woman who tried to kill me and your babies. For all we know she was the reason for my accident."

My eyes flashed. "Now you are reaching Cassie. Megan was in the hospital when it happened. We both were. You need to -" my hands dropped to my side as Cassie leant over me. 

"And you are still defending her." She hissed , her mouth just an inch from mine. "Even now you defend her and never me. I wonder why that is?" Cocking her head to the side she studied me. "Except we both know why don't we. You can sit there and lie to my face and tell me you've never touched her."

"I have never betrayed our marriage vows." I growled out.

"But you want her." Cassie closed her eyes. "You want and need her in your life. That's why you can't give her up. That's why you kept going to her even when I was waiting for you at home." Cassie's voice shook with emotion. "I saw you on those videos. I heard what you said Julian."

Pain rippled through me. "Cassie-"

"No." Clamping a hand over my mouth, Cassie silenced me. "You need me to be your wife because of the contract. I get that."

I shook my head. That wasn't it at all.

"So I'll remain your wife. On paper only. We will live together but remain separated. I'll stand by your side so the rumours don't get out of control." Her eye narrowed. "But don't ever get it twisted. It will be a marriage on paper only. You can keep Megan. I don't care anymore. You just don't get to love me at the same time."
###chapter 217
Cassie

Days went by, and then weeks and he didn't mention me loving him again and I was glad and kind of sad about it because it just went to prove what I already knew.

He didn't love me.

We tried to act like a normal couple for the children and for the rest of the world and the wolves in our kingdom called me a saint for forgiving him. His popularity plummeted and mine soared. It should have made me happy but it didn't.

There was something absolutely exhausting about living and loving a man who would never love me back.

"You look tired?" 

Across the long expanse of the dining table , I lifted my head and stared at him. He was so far away and yet so close at the same time. The distance between us had nothing to do with the length of the table.

I shrugged, slicing into the thick delicious meat on my plate and popping a piece into my mouth. I chewed slowly before I answered him. "It was a long shift."

His silverware clattered to his plate with a grating clang. "You know you don't have to work right?"

"I want to work." I added quietly. "With the boys in school it keeps my mind and hands busy." I went back to eating. I didn't know why he had demanded that I dine with him today but it was clear now that he just wanted to annoy me. Maybe even start an argument.

"You are pushing yourself too soon Cassie. It's not becoming of a queen to be seen -"

I stood up suddenly, my chair scraping back. "I am doing good work and I am learning a lot. If you are trying to say that I shouldn't work and should just be your wife." I air quoted and my eyes flashed angrily. "Then maybe you should start acting like I am your wife, Julian." Even as I said the words, my hands curled around the scalloped edge of the table so tightly my knuckles went white. 

Leaning back in his chair , he studied me with a wild fed up kind of boredom and then he sat forward and began eating again.

I stared at him for a moment. "Well?" I snapped when the silence became too much.

Maybe I was the one looking for an argument.

"I am not fighting with you Cassie." He said with a sigh. "I spend my days trying not to argue with you-"

"You don't speak to me at all."

"Because anything I say, you twist." Again his knife and fork clattered. "Do you think I like living like this?"

I opened my mouth to tell him to leave then. That this could all be better if he just let me be free but I didn't have the chance because he spoke again.

"This is killing me. Having you right here and yet so fucking far away. I love you Cassie and whether you want to hear it or not doesn't matter. That is the truth. I love you and I am worried about how hard you are pushing yourself. You are so tired-"

I sat down heavily.

I was tired. There was no denying that. 

"I don't want you to stop working if it gives you so much joy and fulfilment because we all need that."

I stared at him. And realised with a start that he looked tired. I just hadn't noticed before. "Do you have something that brings you joy and fulfilment, Julian?" I asked before I could stop myself.

His eyes shot up from his plate and smashed into mine. I couldn't bear to look into them. They were too intense.

"Yes." He said in a soft whisper. "But holding on to it is exhausting."

I swallowed hard. He was talking about me. 

I looked away.

"Then maybe you should let it go." I withered and he shook his head but didn't say anything. 

"I would like you to join me tomorrow for a dinner." He said suddenly. "And then I think we will go away as a family for a few days. I think we both need to regroup."

"That's fine. What kind of dinner is it tomorrow? Formal of -" a wicked smile curved my lips. "Will you be choosing me a dress, your mistress has already worn or can I wear something I own?"

For several long heart beats Julian just stared at me without blinking. "Your words are meant to hurt me Cassie and I understand but I have never dressed you in another woman's cast offs." He shrugged. "Wear whatever you want."

"Well if you tell me what the dinner is in honour for then I can-"

"It's to honour our marriage." He said softly. "Tomorrow is our wedding anniversary."

The air left my lungs in a whoosh. Closing my eyes I tried to figure out the dates and came back blank. It was such a non day. The one that had changed my life in all ways but at the same time not memorable at all.

Apart from the moment in my office. In the dark with a man who was running from his life and hiding. A man I had known was my mate. A man who I had given myself to without a second's hesitation.

I had thought that man was my salvation.

And yet here he was sitting across the table from me. My husband , my mate. And I kind of hated him.

If only things could have been different. 

There were so many if only's that I would drive myself crazy thinking about them all.

This was the only reality that mattered because it was the one I was living.

"So a formal dinner to celebrate our wedding." I nodded. "I will be able to find something suitable. How big is the guest list? Will Megan be there?" I took another bite and tried to act casual. "Will you or Ian pick me up. I am working until the afternoon and -"

Julian's eyes flashed. "I will pick you up for the hospital myself and as for Megan?" His eyes locked on mine. "Why would she be at our wedding anniversary,Cassie? Where the guest list is just two."
###chapter 218
Julian 

I stared at Megan across the desk and steepled my hands on the desk in front of me.  This was the first time I had called her to my home since the disastrous party, the first time I had seen her alone. And there was a good reason for that. 

Namely my wife.

Cassie wouldn't understand, she wouldn't understand why I had brought her here to our home either but I needed to have this conversation in private. It was a delicate subject and whilst I didn't want prying ears listening in , I wanted the safety net of my staff around in case rumours got out of hand again.

"Thank you for coming at such short notice Cassie." I motioned to the seat opposite. And she slipped into it. The look on her face was pleasant and open but that was because she didn't know what I was about to say.

"Of course I did Julian. I've missed you. I'm glad to see that you and Cassie have worked things out." Everything was said in a kind voice but there was hardness in her eyes. 

How had I not noticed that hardness before?

"Yes, well she is worth the effort."

It was the wrong thing to say. The stony look deepened. It was any mention of my wife that did it.

"I love her very much."

The hardness turned into pure hatred. I didn't understand it. Why was Megan so bitter when it came to my wife? Had she always been that way?

But already knew the answer to that. Yes. For some reason she hated Cassie and the feeling was now mutual. 

I loved Megan like a sister. She had helped me more than she had wronged me but I could see that Cassie's dislike was warranted now. 

It was the reason I needed to do this. I couldn't fix my marriage and with it my kingdom with them squabbling. 

"You love her?" She whispered.

I nodded.

Slowly she blinked and it was like she turned into a different woman. One I didn't know and didn't much want to know.

"So I am relieving you of the title of doctor to the king. I have found you a position in-"

She slammed her hands down on the desk with so much force that the water in my glass spilled over. Her eyes flashed. "You have found me? How dare you Julian. How dare you try and tell me anything. I will not be cast aside."

I frowned, a deep line appearing between my eyebrows. "I am not casting you aside. I am relieving you of your job by giving you another one. Surely you can understand why I need to do that? How can I have you as the royal doctor when my family detest you."

"I won't let you do this Julian. You can't just ditch me now you are bored of me. I was good enough when your darling wife -"

I launched myself to my feet. "Stop acting like a scorned lover, Megan. This is purely a business arrangement. Yes we were friends but it was never more than that and you know it."

"I thought you cared about me." Tears sprung up in her eyes but this time I couldn't tell whether they were real or not. 

Sighing I slid back into my chair. "I do care about you Megan. And I will look after you."

"Then look after me." She said evenly and there was no sign of emotion in her voice at all. "I don't want to work anymore."

I stared at her in silence. 

"I mean I shouldn't work in my condition should I?" Cocking her head to the side, she stroked across her stomach. Her completely flat stomach but I knew what she was saying.

I swallowed hard. Visibly gulping. 

"You're pregnant?" I couldn't believe I was even saying the words.

"About nine weeks and I've really been feeling it." Her eyes locked with mine. "I think it would be best for me and my baby if I stopped working altogether don't you?"

Still I couldn't speak. What the hell was happening here?

"I am sure." I said finally. "That we can arrange for you to have some great maternity benefits Megan. Maybe more office work and-"

"No." She shook her head. "You don't seem to understand Julian. I don't want to work at all. I want you to look after me and my baby. It's the least you can do really. Isn't it?"

"What?" I paled. "You want me to keep you?"

"Yes. I will need an allowance and a driver I think and-" she smiled. "And I don't think a penthouse will be suitable , so maybe an actual house. With a staff."

She was crazy. "And why would I do this? Shouldn't you be asking your baby's father to support you? I mean as your friend I will do what I can to make you comfortable going forward."

"The baby's father is you." She levelled her eyes on me. Not blinking and almost daring me to argue back with her.

I couldn't help it. I laughed. 

"Come now Megan." I shook my head. "We both know I am not this baby's father. I have never touched you and while I might have been fooled by this lie before I won't be now. I have never slept with you, the baby you're carrying can't be mine."

She was crazy if she thought I was going to fall for this again. Absolutely nuts. How had I not seen this before?

"Well, we know that don't we Julian. Even after years of her sleeping away like a damn princess you didn't even look at me. Not enough anyway. You needed me for emotional support and not physical. Do you know how exhausting it was pretending to like you?"

"Get out." I said through gritted teeth. This had all been her plan. All of these years and she had just been playing the long game. And in a way she had won. Because Cassie hated me.

"Oh I don't think so. You're going to give me everything I want Julian. Otherwise your wife and your kingdom will know that you cast aside the mother of your baby."

My mouth fell open. "But it's not my baby?"

Throwing back her blonde head she laughed. "But who will Cassie believe? After everything she has seen and witnessed, who do you think she will believe?"

The blood drained from my face. Cassie would believe Megan.
###chapter 219
Cassie

Work was busy , which was exactly how I liked it because it stopped me thinking about what was going to happen later.

Julian wanted to take me out for dinner. On a date to celebrate our anniversary. Although I was trying not to think about it as a date because if I did then I would freak out. It was one thing living this fake like in the public eye and quite another to try and pretend I didn't still have feelings for him in private.

One smile, one soft look and I would fold and what happened that day when he decided to move back in would happen again and I would be back to being heartbroken and fighting for  survival.

The distance between me and Julian was the only thing that kept me sane. That and my sons but they were only home on weekends now.

I missed them terribly. 

Pushing out of one of the wards I froze. Ian stood there. Leaning against the wall with his arms crossed about his chest. 

"What are you doing here?" I gathered my wits about me. He was head of my security but he had never once just appeared in my place of work. Ian was the kind of man who faded into the background. Always there but you never saw him. 

"Waiting for you." Slowly he pushed himself upwards until he was at his full height.

Glancing down at my watch, I frowned. "I have another four hours of this shift, Ian. I am not ready to go to dinner just yet."

Or ever, I added silently.

He shook his head. "I'm not here to take you to the king.  Cassie. I need to talk to you. We need to talk to you."

My eyebrows shot up. "We? Why do I get the feeling that doesn't mean you and Julian?"

The corners of his mouth twitched upwards. "Because you are a smart woman. Come with me." He offered his arm and I shook my head. 

Being seen arm in arm with Ian would just fuel the rumour mill.

Instead I fell into step with him as he weaved down the busy hospital corridors. Slipping from one to another without hesitation. Ian seemed to know his way around which shocked me.

Catching my look, he shrugged. "It's my job to know my way around everywhere you are Cassie. I can't keep you safe otherwise. After you." He pushed open a door and I stepped through.

The room was little more than a broom closet. Only without the brooms. There were four spindly chairs in it instead and no window.

"What's going on?" I glanced around. "Forrest? Yanna?" My mouth fell open.

Forrest was on his feet in a second. Gathering me up in a warm hug. "It's good to see you Cassie."

"Hands off." Ian growled. "We aren't here to exchange pleasantries. We have business to discuss." He fell into one of the chairs and motioned for me to sit in the other one.

"Why are we here?" Nervously I sat down. Perching on the edge. 

"Because Yanna came to me with some intelligence, it's the reason I came back so quickly Cassie. I know you think it was because of the party but-"

I shook my head. "I didn't in a million years thought you had come back for me." I let my eyes travel around the room. It didn't take long. It was small. "But what intelligence?"

"A rebel force is moving against your husband. Quietly but it's happening and I have reason to believe that they are being funded from within the kings inner circle." Yannas eyes crinkled. "I thought it might be you but after our conversation at the party, I ruled you out pretty quickly." She smiled.

Sighing I stared at her. "That's why you were so friendly?"

She nodded. "I also kind of liked you. You didn't belong there but I could see you were in love with your king."

My eyes darted away and I didn't say anything. After all there was nothing to say. 

"So who else do we know that has the kings ear and can't be trusted?" Ian asked quietly and my heart slammed into my chest.

I knew it. I knew she wasn't to be trusted. I knew it and no one had believed me. 

Julian hadn't believed me.

Damn him.

"Megan." Even saying her name felt like poison. "Then we take her into custody and -" I saw a look pass between the three of them.  "What is it?" I asked. "We can push that she loses her job and-"

"That's why Forrest is here." Yanna said. "She has already lost her job and the King has offered it to Forrest but that just makes our job even harder now."

Confused, I frowned. "How so?"

"Because we can't keep an eye on her." Ian said softly. "I know Megan and she will be furious."

"She never fooled you did she?"

Laughing he shook his head. "I can see straight through her. I always have. The only reason I stayed was to keep you and those boys safe."

The blood drained from my face. "Are my children in danger?"

Three pairs of eyes fixed on me. "Yes and you are as well. I wouldn't have told you at all but if the King cuts her loose then she will hell bent on revenge. The easiest people to hurt are you and the princes."

I couldn't breathe . Vomit rushed up my throat and quickly on its heels was a steely deathly determination. "She tried once before and failed. She won't touch my sons.

But shouldn't we tell Julian?"

"Do you think he will believe us?"

I hesitated for a second and then with a sigh I shook my head. When it came to Megan he didn't believe anything bad. It was like she had put a spell on him.

"No, probably not." I admitted. "But what do we do now?"

"We dig into things. We share intel." Ian's eyes met mine. "The King loves you. You can use that. Get him to talk to you again. Make him remember who he loves."

"No." I shook my head. "I won't whore myself out. I won't pretend I'm ok with his relationship with her." I took a deep breath. "But I will keep an eye on him. That's the most I can do. I have access to-"

"That's all we ask Cassie. Keep your family close until we can figure things out. Me and Ian will work together to try and figure out where she is sending the money and working with."

I glanced between the two of them and couldn't help but smile. In the other world they had been mated and happy. Completely in love. I hoped it would be the same in this one.

"You really think there is a threat? Or is she just sending money?" 

Surprisingly it was Forrest who spoke. "Julian seems to think his kingdom is at peace. It's not. The people in this room and a few others know the truth. There's been assignation attempts on all of your lives for years."

I paled. "Mine?"

He met my eyes. "Especially yours."
###chapter 220
Julian 

"Ian." I don't know what made me say my second in command's name because I knew I couldn't tell a soul what had happened this morning but maybe I just wanted to tell someone something.

The secret of it was already gutting me. There was no way I could tell Cassie. Megan was right about that. She wouldn't believe it and would leave in a heartbeat.

I didn't have her in my life how I wanted but I did have her in my life. 

"Yes, your highness?" In the rear view mirror Ian's eyes locked with mine. And I looked away quickly. I couldn't tell him. I couldn't tell anyone.

"Julian?" He probed. His eyes widening as he dropped the honourific . Something he hadn't done in a long time. When was the last time we had spoken as friends? Too long.

"Is everything alright Julian?" He pulled the car into the hospital car park.

I needed a friend more than anything right now.

"I feel like I'm losing her." I said instead and it was only partly a lie. I was losing her and there wasn't a damn thing I could do about it. If Megan ever made good on her promise then I would never see Cassie again and I knew it.

The thought made me physically sick. 

Ian turned his attention back to the road. The parking lot was busy. Cars filing in , and queuing to get out. We had chosen to pick Cassie up at rush hour but at least it gave me a chance to think. 

"Cassie?" The car stopped as we sat in traffic.

I rolled my eyes. "Of course Cassie. I feel like I'm losing her. Everything I do and say sets her off. I don't want to lose her." My eyes glued to the back of his head. "You spend a lot of time with her now. Has she said anything?"

Ian shook his head without turning to me. "She doesn't talk about anything but work and the boys. And anyway. I thought this was the kind of situation you wanted."

Leaning back against the leather seats I frowned. "Of course this isn't how I wanted things. I want Cassie to love me and-"

"And Megan as your mistress." 

I did a double take. "She is not my mistress. She is-"

I fell silent. I couldn't continue. Not without putting my foot in it and risking my family's lives.

"Ok." Ian sounded bored. "It doesn't really make a difference. Cassie believes she is. It's her who you have to convince."

"And how do I do that?"

"Get rid of-"

"Forget it." Angrily I turned away. There was no point even having this conversation. Ian couldn't or wouldn't help me. His loyalty which had once been mine completely was now on my wife and children. 

"Just love her Julian." He said warily. "She loves you already. I don't know why because she can have any man she wants but she does. She wants to forgive you. You just need to give her a reason to."

My eyes snapped open, following his gaze. I saw Cassie by the main entrance. Her slim body wrapped in a black dress that hugged her figure deliciously and then flared out until the skirts grazed her knees.

It was the simplicity of the dress that made it so perfect. Cassie was beautiful just as she was. She didn't need anything to show it off.

"Love her." I mumbled. If only it was that easy. I was about to lose her and I couldn't stand it. 

"That's the one- hey where are you going?" Ian called out as I slipped out of the door and leaving it wide open rushed across the parking lot.

"Loving her." I called back. 

People turned to stare at me , more than one mumbled in shock but I didn't care about any of them. My eyes were locked on my prey. My wife.

Cassie turned in shock. Her eyes wide as I swept her up in my arms and kissed her.

For a second she became stiff in my arms and then with a sigh that ripped through me , she softened. Her arms went around my throat and her mouth parted under mine as I dipped her lower.

It was the best, most honest kiss of my life but at the same time it was a lie. Because this wasn't a kiss where things were going to get better. It didn't matter how I looked at things now I was about to lose her. 

Pulling her into my body more I moaned.

I didn't care anymore who was watching or what they might be thinking. I needed Cassie more than I needed my next breath.

Because once tonight was done I knew I would never be able to touch her again. She wouldn't allow it. 

This was my last chance with her. One last night to love her properly.

Tearing my lips away from hers, I rested my forehead against hers. 

"What was that for?" She whispered. Her eyes swivelled up to mine.

Smiling, I brought her mouth back to mine. My hand cupped the back of her head. She tasted so sweet. So deliciously sweet. I didn't know how I was ever going to give her up. 

"Do I need a reason?" I whispered against her mouth.

"Yes."

I chuckled. "I saw you looking like the most beautiful thing in the world and I had  to kiss you. I still have to kiss you." To prove my point I did it again.

"Julian." She moved her head back. "What is going on? Why this sudden wave of affection?"

Closing my eyes I sighed. I wished I could tell her the truth. I wanted to but I couldn't. To protect her and the boys I had to play Megan's game even if it cost me everything. 

"I just want to spend this evening with you. No arguments, no one else. Just me and you. For one night."

Her eyes widened and then she nodded and my heart shattered.
###chapter 221
Cassie

Something was going on and I wanted to know what it was but I didn't have a chance to ask him because from the moment we sat in the back of the car to the second we stepped into the restaurant. We didn't have a moment alone.

First Ian was there and then the small man who owned a cliff side restaurant I had never heard of before. 

"It's a pleasure to see you again your highness." The old dark haired man gave a bow of his head. He then turned his eyes on me and they widened. "And your beautiful wife. I have heard so much about you. Please come in. I've set a table out on the patio for you. I think you will find-"

His words trailed off as Julian tucked my hand into the crook of his arm and led me forward. "How many times have you taken your mistress here?" I hissed out of the corner of my mouth. Next to me Julian tensed.

"I'm so happy you are my first patrons." The old man continued. 

I blushed. His first customers? I shot a look at Julian's face. His eyes darted to me and he smiled sadly.

"I understand." He whispered as he swept out the chair on one side of the only table on the patio and motioned for me to sit. I did , looking everywhere but at him.

It was beautiful here. With the twinkling lights of the patio around us and the dark sea lapping the rocks under us. The sound of the water was soothing.

Sighing happily, I leant my arm on the table and smiled a dazzling smile up at the owner.

"What a beautiful spot. I love it. Thank you for welcoming us. I don't think I've ever seen anything so stunning."

His eyes crinkled as he grinned at me. Pride puffing out his chest. "You're very well your highness and just wait until you try the food. My wife is-" he kissed his fingertips.

I couldn't help it. I laughed. "I'm looking forward to it." 

"She's not as beautiful as you though, my queen." He turned to Julian as he slipped into his own chair. "You're a very lucky man indeed. Beautiful and caring. I think the queen is perfect."

"I think so as well." Julian said in a quiet voice and his eyes locked on my face.

I darted a look at him. He was really laying it on thick now with the charm and compliments and it was making me uneasy.

It made me think that he was up to something and what ever it was, I wasn't going to like.

The air around us hung heavy. 

"I am not perfect. I can't cook." I said flatly. 

Throwing back his head Julian laughed. "That is true. Although she does make a great eggs Benedict now." Again his eyes met mine. 

"It's quickly become my favourite in the years. In fact I have it at least once a day."

I blinked at him? He did? I didn't know that?

Sensing the sudden tension between us, the owner made his escape. With a promise to be back soon with menus and champagne.

"You look beatiful tonight." He said when we were again alone.

"So you have said." I mumbled. I hated how my voice sounded. Like I was trying to start an argument but I wanted to know what was going on. Turning up and kissing me outside of work. Arranging this beautiful date for our wedding anniversary, it was all so strange and completely against what we had agreed.

"What you haven't said is why you are doing all of this?" I challenged him with my eyes.

"Because you are my wife and I love you?" Julian cocked his head to the side. 

"I am your wife on paper only Julian. We said we would act a couple in public." I motioned around me with my arm. "This isn't very public." I pointed out.

For several long heartbeats he just sat there and sucked in deep breath after deep breath. Finally he sighed. "No this please isn't public. I came here because it's private." He paused and I held my breath. He wanted to tell me something, I could see it in the way he was looking at me and the nervousness that widened his eyes .

What could be so bad that he looked like that? What else could go wrong in our lives? Surely things couldn't get any worse. But even as I thought those things I knew I had just jinxed myself.

Of course things could get worse. They always did.

"Why?" I prompted when he didn't speak again.

"Do I need a reason Cassie? I love you and want to spend time with you. Is that so hard to believe?" He sounded genuine but I wasn't fooled. Something else was going on here but unless he started being honest with me. I would just have to wait to find out.

"A little. But I'm glad it's here." Turning my head I stared out at the waves crashing in a white foam under the cliff top patio. There was something so calming about it all.

Calming and romantic.

"It's beautiful." 

Julian's sigh was loud. "Yes you are."

Rolling my eyes I turned to him. "Pack it in Julian. The charming lies don't work with me , they might work on Megan and women like them but not on me."

He was a fool for even trying. 

"I know what does work on you Cassie." 

I snapped my head towards him with a scowl. "No." I blushed because I knew what he was talking about and I hated how he had such a good read on me.

The corners of his mouth curved up. "Yes. I'll make you love me again Cassie. I have to because I'm lost without you."

He wasn't lost without me. He had Megan. But he would lose his kingdom if he lost me as his wife. I reminded myself.

This was all because of the contract.

And I had to remember that otherwise I would fall into his arms again before the end of the night."
###chapter 222
Julian 

I almost told her but at the last minute I changed the subject. After all, it wasn't actually a lie. I did want to spend the time with her and make her feel special because she was special.

I just didn't mention that I was being blackmailed by a woman who had done it once before. And deep down I kind of knew that it was my fault. 

People had been telling me for years that Megan was bad news but I had been blind. And if I was honest with myself , I was lonely.

I watched as Cassie put her spoon down , the chocolate cake and cream half eaten and lifted her eyes to me. "What's wrong now?" She sighed. 

I shook my head. "Nothing." 

"You were staring at me." She snapped. 

"Because you are beautiful." I said again and sat back in shock as she pushed her chair back and stood up. Throwing the napkin on to the table. She glared at me. 

"Where is Ian?" Cassies voice shook with anger that I didn't understand. What was so bad with what I said?

"He's gone. He will come back when I call him." Reaching out I caught her wrist in my big hand to stop her from storming away. "Where are you going?"

"Home." Her eyes narrowed as she looked down at me. "I'll ring Ian myself to get him to take me back  and I am sure Megan will be waiting for your call. I'm sure you -"

With a growl I tugged her into my arms. She put up a fight but Cassie was no match for me. "No." I said through gritted teeth.  Looping my arms around her waist I locked her to me. 

"No?" Her voice dropped. "What do you mean no?"

Keeping one arm locked around her, I trapped her face in my other one. I forced her to look at me. 

"No to all of it. I'm not going to ring or see Megan and you aren't going to run off to Ian. We are going to spend the rest of our evening together. You will finish your cake-"

To prove my point , I leant over and pulled the bowl towards us. "Eat." Scooping up a spoonful I waited for her to open her mouth.

In true Cassie fashion she kept her pretty mouth clamped shut.

"I keep telling you , you are beautiful because I think you are. I don't have any ulterior motive Cassie. I'm not playing any games. I brought you here because I wanted to spend time with you."

Her eyes softened. 

"I kissed you earlier because not kissing you every day is killing me and I just couldn't help myself. Can we not just enjoy ourselves for a few hours? Can you not just love me back?"

Those wide soft eyes fluttered closed. "I can't love you Julian. Loving you is a death sentence."

Her words cut through me even though I didn't really understand them. 

"Then how about you just get to know me again. Give me a chance to be the man you need." I said it without thinking because it was exactly what I wanted. I should be honest with her, I knew that as well but I loved the soft look in her eyes as too much to spoil the moment. 

I would have to deal with Megan , quickly and quietly so I didn't lose my family  and this time I would deal with her properly. I couldn't be weak any longer.

Not if I wanted to keep the woman in front of me.

"You don't know what I need." She muttered. 

"I think." My head dropped down so I could rub my chin against the naked skin of her shoulder. "I think you need to finish your cake so I can watch the way you look when the chocolate touches your tongue." I chuckled darkly. "Because I don't think I've ever seen you look so happy or seen you so beautiful."

"I'm really not hungry anymore. The sweetness is sitting weird in my stomach-" 

I didn't let her finish. Keeping my hand to her face I guided her mouth to mine and captured it. Slanting my lips over hers. I could taste the sweet chocolate on her lips and she was right. It was sweet.

Delicious but not as delicious as she was.

"And there's me." I mumbled into her mouth. "Starving for something sweet."

"You can eat-" her voice shook as my other hand delved under the hem of her dress. Kneading and massaging her thighs. 

Cassie's eyes widened and pulling her mouth away from me she sighed. "Julian, what are you doing?" She tried to  cross her legs but all that did was trap my hand between her thighs. And that suited me just fine.

"I am touching my wife because I can't help myself." I slid my lips against hers again. She kissed me back, almost shyly but she was kissing me back and that was something.

"And she said I could eat." I nipped at her bottom lip. Worrying it between my teeth and our eyes locked. Neither one of us looked away.

"I meant the cake." She whispered when I loosened my grip. "I meant you could eat the cake."

I chuckled low in my throat and it came out more like a low growl.

"Oh I plan on eating the cake Cassie." I grumbled as I pulled the bowl even closer. It was so tempting to scoop some into my fingers and force them into her mouth. I wanted to feel how her mouth felt sucking them clean. But there wasn't much left and I had other plans for it.

Dirtier, tastier plans.

"The choice is yours though? How do you want me to eat the cake."

She arched an eyebrow. "With a spoon?" She asked sarcastically and I couldn't help it. I laughed. 

"Oh I don't think so. See-" my hands skipped up her thigh even more. Going higher and higher until I could brush against the lacy hem of her panties. 

I teased at the edge. 

"That's not one of your choices. I can either eat you Cassie?"

Her eyes widened.

"Or I can eat the chocolate cake off of you."
###chapter 223
Cassie

The tips of Julian's fingers brushed against the hem of my panties and my body tensed as I held my breath. 

Did I want this? My body did. There was no doubt about that. Anytime he was close to me, I ached with a need that was indescribable and I couldn't deny that. But did my heart?

I was just learning to live in this world where he didn't choose me. Could I really do this.

No, I knew I shouldn't. It would all end up in my tears but goddess I wanted to. 

I wanted to feel his hands smooth down my body, followed by his hot mouth and tongue. I needed his fingers stretching my body for his cock to bury deep inside.

Julian's mouth nipped at my ear, as he stroked one finger over my panties. And my pussy wept for him. My hips rolled on their own. Ignoring my brains order to stop and go back to my own seat.

One more time, a small voice seemed to scream. One more time wouldn't hurt. Only I knew that it would.

I was lost when it came to him. Weak-

Someone cleared their throat loudly behind us and Julian stiffened under me. Twisting in his lap I saw Ian standing there. Filling the doorway. His eyes narrowed and a line between his eyebrows.

"What is it?" Julian asked in a curt voice. He didn't move his hand from up my skirt but his fingers stilled. My pussy fluttered with his hand still so close and I had to force myself to stay still and not grind against him.

Biting my lip, I raised my eyes to find Ian staring at me. There was a look in his eyes that I didn't understand.

"There was a report that-" At his side Ian's hands clenched into fists. His eyes swept around and the tension in his shoulders was palpable. 

Julian's hand slipped from my thighs. "Are we in danger here?"

Ian nodded once and Julian was standing without another word. Using his body he swept me towards Ian who then took over. They sandwiched me between them. 

"What about the children?" Nerves prickled up my spine.

"They are fine." Ian mumbled. "Let's just get you and Julian somewhere safe."

With the two burly wolves on either side of me, we swept through the now empty restaurant. I looked around, half to look for any kind of threat and half to say goodbye to the elderly owner.

I wanted him to know that his wife's food was indeed delicious but there was no sign of him. The place was eerily silent.

"What kind of threat was it?" Julian asked.

"Let's talk about it somewhere more private your highness." Ian said , his eyes darted to me and I sucked in a breath.

It was a threat to me then. 

Of course it was. 

Stay behind me now Cassie." Ian's eyes met mine with an unreadable look. There was something going on here that I didn't understand. It was like he was trying to communicate something with me that he couldn't speak out loud.

But what was it.

"I'll go first." Julian made a dash towards the open car door. Disappearing into the shady back seat.

"You next, Cassie." Ian took my elbow , his fingers tight. 

I turned without moving a step forward. "If I am in danger then so are my children. Where are the boys."

A look passed across Ian's face, his eyes widened for a second and then narrowed back into slits. 

I didn't get what was happening or what he was trying to tell me. I needed him to use his words.

"They are perfectly safe and with security at a hotel. I'll be taking you straight to them." He gave me a pointed look.

My heart sank. If he was taking us to a hotel then it was bad. 

"When did the threat come in? What-"

He lowered his voice. "There is no threat Cassie." He hissed and I stared at him in shock. What did he mean there was no threat?

"I'll explain, I promise." For a moment Ian stared into the car where the king had just disappeared and glared. He was furious and all of it was all directed at Julian.

What had my husband done to make his best friend and closest confident so mad.

I raised an eyebrow at him

"You will thank me for stopping you this evening Cassie, when you know the truth. You will thanks me. Now let's move and don't say a word to him." Arm around my shoulders he pulled me forward. Bundling me into the back of the car and shutting the door.

Julian pulled me into his arms, trying to sooth me. I fell against him completely confused.

What the hell was going on here?

Sliding into the drivers side, Ian peeled out of the parking lot and onto the empty coastal road.

"Take us back to the palace and have the boys brought from school-"

I stiffened at Julian's tone but I didn't say anything. He didn't know that the boys weren't in school. Ian hadn't told him and he didn't tell him now.

"I don't think any of the palaces are good right now your highness." 

"The security there isn't as secure there as you believe. As head of your security. I think the best thing for you both is to separate you."

Next to me Julian bristled. "Is that really necessary?" The first hint of anger was making his voice growly. It was like he was beginning to suspect something.

In the rear view mirror Ian's eyes met mine for a second and then slid back up the road.

"Of course, the choice is yours Julian." He said tartly. "But if this threat was levelled at my family then I would do whatever it took to keep them safe. I would hide them away."

Julian's eyes narrowed. "You don't have a family."

"And neither will you if you don't do the right thing."
###chapter 224
Julian 

Something was going on. Ian thought I was a fool but I saw the way his eyes had fixed on my wife in the rear view mirror and then there was that delay in leaving the restaurant. Where they had stood with their heads together and whispered words that I couldn't hear.

So yeah, something was going on and I wanted to know what it was. The word when they left my mouth were angry because it felt to me that Ian was overstepping the line. He was my closest friend and protector. I trusted him with my life but now I wasn't sure I trusted him with my wife.

And Cassie was my wife whether she liked it or not. She might say our marriage was a sham but I had felt her body react to mine back at the restaurant. Cassie wanted me still. She had been about to be mine again when Ian had turned up.

I frowned, staring at the back of Ian's seat. Was there really a threat or was something else going on here? I didn't know what but I was going to find out.

"And neither will you if you don't do the right thing." Ian's voice was flat and emotionless. I started.

That sounded like a threat.

"Are you threatening me?" At my side my fingers closed into my palm and I made a fist. 

Next to me Cassie bristled. I could feel her wolf pushing to the surface. It's power raged against my skin and I turned to her in shock. Ever since she had woken up I hadn't felt her wolf at all. All the doctors said that it would take time to show itself again , if it ever did and yet there could be no denying I felt it now.

Her wolf showed itself because I had dared to question Ian? That told me more than I wanted to know.

"Stop it Julian." She snapped. 

"I think I was talking to-"

She slapped at my arm painfully. Her eyes shining in the dark and a small rumbling growl tumbled from her lips.

Turning to her I let my lips pull back from my gums and I growled , hers had been a barely there noise mine was loud and threatening.

"This is between me and my second Cassie. It has nothing to do with you." I let my wolf come out in my eyes. Expecting her to back down. I should have known better. Cassie wasn't the back down kind of woman.

"It has everything to do with me when it's me in the middle. You are acting like a fool Julian. Ian is trying to protect us."

I stared at her. Acutely aware that Ian hadn't said a word. There wasn't even a grumble of a growl from the driving seat. 

"He is trying to protect you." I snapped and the moment I said the words I wanted to snatch them back. Her eyes widened into saucers at the way I said it. Like I didn't want her protected. Which  wasn't what I meant at all.

"Cassie." I whispered her name. "I just meant-" my words died. Cassie was looking at me like she had opened her eyes and seen me for the first time. And she didn't like what she saw. I didn't like that look. It screamed that more distance was forming between us.

More distance was the last thing I wanted or needed. 

If tonight had taught me anything it was that I needed my wife and family around me to make me happy. To fulfil me.

"It's ok." Slipping from my side , she scooted over to her side of the car. Pressing her side up against the door. I stared at her. She couldn't get further away from me if she tried.

I was the dumbest shit in the world. No doubt about it. 

Reaching for her I caught her hand in mine and squeezed. "I didn't mean it the way it came out Cassie. Of course I want you protected."

Her fingers stayed open. Her palm was dry against mine. She didn't pull her hand away but she didn't hold mine either. 

I kept my hand where it was anyway, wrapped around mine. 

"Of course I want my wife and mate protected." I lifted my eyes to find Ian staring at us in the rear view mirror again. He really should have his eyes on the road but luckily this stretch of road was straight and empty. 

"I let my worry get the best of me, old friend." I said flatly. "I trust your judgement in this."

Hopefully Cassie believed me. I needed her to. This unwarranted jealousy wasn't going to get me anywhere. It was stupid to think there was something going on between them.

"What would be your plan." 

Ian's eyes went back to the road. "I'll drop you both back at rhe house and then I'll take Cassie in my car. No one will know she has left. They will think she is with you."

"And what if they attack?" Somehow I kept my voice even.

"I'm hoping they will because we will be ready for them. I have covered all bases and thought of all scenarios. This time they won't escape and we will get to the bottom of this. It will be over."

I frowned. It was meant to be over before. I had thought it was because there had been no attacks almost the entire time  Cassie was in her coma. And then bam she woke up and they started again.

"Where will you take her." My fingers flexed around hers. Praying to the goddess that she would squeeze back but she remained unmoving next to me. Her eyes glue to the window. Was she looking at our reflection or just staring sightlessly?

"Somewhere safe."

Tearing my eyes away I scowled. "That isn't an answer Ian."

"I can't tell you where I'll take them."

"I need to know where my wife will be." I snapped back.

"No you don't. You only need to know that she is safe. The more people who know her whereabouts the more danger she will be in. You have always trusted me with your safety Julian." Ian sighed. "Trust me in this as well."

I nodded because what other choice did I have?
###chapter 225
Cassie

Saying goodbye to Julian wasn't as hard as I thought it would be.  Not Saying goodbye to the staff, especially Cathy was much harder. Ian had said it wouldn't be for long and that he would catch whoever it was that was threatening us but I knew that was a lie.

He had said there was no immediate threat.

So why exactly was he pretending there was.

I had tried to ask him. Especially after he had parked up his usual car and transferred us into another one that I had never seen.

But even then he hadn't said anything to answer my questions.

We drove in silence. Me alone with my thoughts which was always a dangerous thing and him with his and he showed no emotion what so ever. 

"Ian." I was losing patience. It felt like I had been driving for hours. My body ached and my stomach rumbled. It felt like a year ago that I had eaten and I was beginning to regret not eating that last piece of chocolate cake 

The thought made me squeeze my thighs together as I remembered what Julian had threatened to do with that sticky chocolate cake. How he had asked me if he could eat it off of my body. And I had been about to let him. Even when I had known it was a mistake I was going to and that's when Ian had turned up.

"What's going on?"

He didn't look at me. His lips thinned in to an angry line.

"For fuck same Ian answer me. We are approaching the border of Julian's kingdom now. Which hotel are you taking me to? Where are my children?"

His eyes darted to me. "The boys are safe I promise and you will be as well. I just needed to get you out of the situation before you made a massive mistake." He went back to staring stonily ahead. Leaving me with more questions than answers.

"Why is being with Julian a massive mistake?" I asked in a quiet voice. "That's why you stopped us right? You could sense we were being intimate."

A flush heated his cheeks. "I was watching." He admitted , his eyes darted sideways for a second to gauge my reaction. "And before you say anything that's kind of my job." He said quickly. "When it was just dinner it was fine but when I saw the mounting tension between you. When I could smell the desire I had to think on my feet. Faking a threat to you and the children was the quickest and easiest way to get you out of the situation."

My mouth fell open. "Why would you need to get me out-"

"Did he tell you about Megan?"

I bristled. "That he has replaced her as royal doctor and given the job to Forrest? Yeah. I know about that. He seemed to be really trying-"

Ian cut me off with a growl. "He's lying."

I sat back sharply. My heart was pounding in my chest. "What do you mean he's lying?" I whispered. "He didn't fire her."

"He fired her alright but she doesn't need to work anymore." Ian sucked in a breath. "I didn't want to tell you this in the car because I know what your reaction will be. I know how much you are going to be hurt and I wanted your children in front of you to help soothe that pain."

I went  perfectly still. So still that it felt like the blood in my veins seemed to freeze. 

Ian sighed loudly. "I was doing some digging." He continued in a small voice. "Like we discussed and -" he ran his hand through his hair. "Well I found some things out. Things I think you should know." Not waiting for me to say anything he continued. "There's been several massive deposits into an offline account and the purchase of houses and car. Staff have been recruited for that house." 

I didn't want to hear anymore. I turned my face away. "For Megan?" I asked in a whisper even though I already knew the answer. Of course it was for her. 

"It took me a little while to track the accounts but yes. It looks like he has set Megan up for life."

A single tear fell down my cheek. And I let it fall. What would be the point of wiping it away? 

"That's some -" I laughed almost hysterically. "Severance payment." I chuckled sarcastically. That one tear was the only one that fell. My eyes went gritty. Even my body was tired of fighting and crying for him now.

I officially had nothing else to give.

"I'm guessing he is officially setting her up as his mistress now. Now what I don't understand is why he didn't just pull the plug on my machines years ago. It's clear he wants to be with her. Since the moment I met him and he got us confused I have been fighting a losing battle against her. He gives her everything he was meant to give to me." I heaved a breath that didn't settle me. "It's fine though. I can live with the fact he wants her. As long as I can keep the boys with me."

At least I sounded like I was telling the truth. Deep inside though I was screaming. It was happening for real. Julian wasn't even trying to hide it. My mother said I needed to just accept it but how could I? Julian was meant to be more than my husband , he was my mate. I felt it in my heart.

The heart that he continually ripped out and stamped on.

"The boys will never leave your side again Cassie, I won't let them." 

There was so much anger in Ian's voice that I turned to him in shock. "We aren't going back are we?" I whispered,

Silently he shook his head. "I don't think you will ever want to, Cassie. And I swore an oath that I would protect you and the boys. I never break my word. So if you don't go back then neither do I."

"What else Ian?" I asked because it was clear that something else was happening here as well.

"Cassie." His voice shook.

"Just tell me."

"It's Megan. I hacked her medical records and-" he sucked in a breath. "She's pregnant."
###chapter 226
Cassie

It was all happening again. All of it. I was reliving the past and there was nothing I could do to stop it. No way of going back and reversing whatever mistake I had made. I didn't even know what mistake I had made. I had done nothing but love him and yet the past just kept repeating itself.

Years ago when I was first married Megan had pretended she was pregnant with the kings child and lost it. Now she really was. She had fooled him completely and there was nothing I could do about it. Megan had played the long game and won.

"I mean-" Ian kept glancing at me. "It might not be his kid."

I laughed and once I had started I couldn't stop. Surely it was better to laugh at my fate then cry. I sure as hell couldn't fight against it. I had always thought Julian was my destiny but now I knew in my heart he wasn't. Fated mates or not he wasn't mine. He was heart and soul Megan's.

It was sweet that even now Ian was trying to spare my feelings though. Reaching out I touched the back of his hand. "I appreciate you trying to make me feel better Ian but we both know he wouldn't have set her up with a house and staff if that wasn't the case. The baby is his." I took a deep breath and the moment I exhaled a weird sort of calm settled over me. "My marriage is over." 

Just saying it out loud made me feel calmer. "No more pretending , no more pain. It's time for me-"

Ian cut me off. "Will you divorce him?"

I paused "I don't know. I don't want him to lose everything but I know I can't stay in his life. I need to move on now. I killed myself for him, you know?"

"In your dream?" Ian's voice was wary. "I heard you had some adventures in those dreams Cassie. That you were a kick ass hero."

I shrugged. "I couldn't save him there and I don't think I can save him here either. Megan's control over him will be his ruin." I shuddered as the weight of the truth washed over me.

"You're stronger here you know. I know you think your broken and powerless but you are just as kickass here then you were there. Maybe even more. Not many people would have the guts to walk away from the king and all the power of being queen."

I shrugged. "I've never dreamt of being queen Ian. I always just wanted to be a doctor. So that's what I am going to concentrate on. Raising my boys and helping people heal. Maybe that will help me heal." I gave a small shrug. "I'll have to find out a way of getting a divorce without Julian losing everything. I think it will be the only way he will let me go. Whilst that contract stands he will never let me leave him."

Ian nodded. "I think you are right. And I might have a way but it would mean tarnishing your reputation."

I gave another small shrug. "I don't care about that. I am worried about my boys though-"

Turning his hand over Ian squeezed my palm. "My plan might help with that as well but we will discuss that another day. For now I just need to get to Scarlett's-"

I gasped so loudly that he stopped dead mid sentence. "The valley teacher?" My voice shook. 

"Yeah. I always forget you have meg her before. I called in a favour and she is going to give you a place to stay for a few days before the property I have is ready,"

More of my dream was coming true. "How did you manage?"

"Your doctor." He said truthfully. "That's her pack,"

I didn't know why it was such a surprise. Of course it was. The  doctor who had cared for me in the years in my coma had been the strange grey haired woman from my dreams. The one who had sent me here but warned me it might not be better.

It wasn't better. It was worse in a way. I would have grieved Julian for my entire life but here? Here I had to put up with the grief of losing him twice.

"Is that where the boys are?"

"Yes."

"That's good." I mumbled. "I like Scarlett a lot. She is a good woman. Is her mate?" In my dreams he had been executed and his body nailed to the walls of the palace as a warning.

"Dead?" I finished.

"No, they are happy and are looking to adopt their first baby because they can't have their own."

Different but the same. My worlds were getting so jumbled up that it was getting hard to keep track.

"If Julian finds out-" I whispered. At the moment Julian thought I was going back to him. But that wouldn't last forever. He would ruin Scarlett if he found me there. He would destroy it to get me back so he could be king and keep his mistress and bastard.

"I won't risk Scarlett."

"There is no risk. You and the twins will only be staying a few days and then you will disappear. For good if that's what you want."

"I don't know what I want anymore Ian." I admitted. Only I did know. I wanted this all to go away. I wanted my husband to choose me. I wanted to be happy with him and grow our family but I couldn't have any of that.

"I love him." I admitted. "But I can't be with him. I want to disappear."

"Then I have the perfect place for us to set up."

I turned to him sharply. "Us?"

"We are going to have to pretend we are a couple, Cassie. The four of us will have to be a family. And it will have to get back to Julian."

I swallowed hard. "Because there's a clause in the contract that says if I am unfaithful-" I trailed off. "We are going to make him believe Noah and Niall are yours aren't we?"

"Yes." He said simply. "It's the only way and when he knows. Then we will disappear. I have found a place. The perfect place for us to raise the boys but we will have to live as humans. It's by-"

I didn't let him finish. I already knew what he was going to say. "Yannas land."

His eyes widened. "How did you know that?"

In answer I just shrugged. "You wouldn't believe me if I told you."
###chapter 227
Julian 

Three days, it had been three days and I hadn't heard a peep from either Cassie or Ian. When I called their phones went straight to voice mail. Every hotel in the city didn't know what I was talking about. So I knew they weren't there.

It was like my wife and children had disappeared into thin air and it was beginning to worry me.

More than worry me, it filled me with an ice cold dread that I couldn't shake.

My only relief was that I knew they hadn't been kidnapped. If they had been then there would have been a ransom by now or we would have found their bodies.

My hand closed around the windowsill at the thoughts of their bodies, my children so small and innocent and my wife curled around them in a last ditch effort to keep them safe assaulted me. I could see it all so clearly. 

She would fight tooth and nail to protect them. 

"They aren't dead." I whispered to myself. It was my favourite mantra. One that I repeated over and over again. "Ian is with them. He has them hidden and safe and-"

"Your highness." 

I fell silent, turning to Cathy with a small weary small. "Is there any news?" She asked quietly. "I don't mean to intrude but the staff wanted me to ask you?"

My smile slipped a second before I forced it back on to my face. "Not yet-" I trailed off.

Cathy's brow furrowed. Keeping her head down she moved into the room and closed the door softly behind her. My eyebrows shot up in shock.

"Your highness-" she stuttered. "Julian." Her eyes pleaded for me to understand something I clearly didn't.

"I don't want to overstep but this thing with Megan," she shook her head. "There are rumours that she is." Her throat worked as she swallowed hard. "Forgive me." She added quickly. "But there are rumours that Megan is carrying your child."

The rage that bubbled up in my chest was all consuming and I had to swallow it down before it erupted. Cathy didn't deserve my anger, none of the staff did.

"I see." She turned her head away. Clearly trying to hide her disgust at me. "Then the rumours are true."

I remained silent. Yes Megan was pregnant. I had double checked that myself but the child wasn't mine. I knew that I had never touched her. Not once. 

Sure back when I had first been married I had thought I had but that was because I had gotten Cassie and Megan mixed up. 

There was no mixing them up now. My heart and soul knew Cassie was my love and my mate.

"How long have these rumours been flying around the kitchen?" I asked, my voice clipped with anger. 

"A few days. I tried to squash them-"

I cut her off with a growl. "I clearly aren't giving everyone enough work if you all have time to gossip about my personal life,Cathy. Honestly I'm disappointed at you and the others. How dare you-"

Cathy's old head snapped upwards and her eyes were challenging. "How dare we?" She asked in a small voice. "How dare you Julian? Sometimes I look at you and I see the man you were destined to be but most of the time I see a weak man. A man who I am ashamed of. I have known you since you were a boy so I have earned the right to speak openly to you."

My eyes flashed and a growl rumbled through my chest. Only this time she didn't look away. She met my gaze unwavering. 

"I am glad your mother isn't here to see the kind of man you have become Julian." She spat and I had never heard such venom in her voice. 

I reeled back in shock but she didn't let me get a word in. Hands on her hips she glared at me. "She would be ashamed of you. You are meant to love and protect your family and not go and-"

"I do love my family." I snapped back. I was so fed up with people questioning that. I loved Cassie and the boys. They were my whole world and I would happily give up the crown and my kingdom if it meant we could be together again. "I would do anything to get them back." I added lamely. 

"You should have thought about that before Julian." She admonished. "You should have thought about that before you got another woman pregnant and set her up as your official mistress." She shook her head. "I can not stay around and watch you ruin yourself for a whore. So I quit."

I stared at her in shock. "You quit?" I parroted back stupidly. "You have been with my family for years."

"Yes I have and if Cassie and the boys were here I would remain but they aren't. I am too disappointed with you. Disgusted-"

"Are you going to them?" I asked and my voice shook. "That's why you are leaving isn't it?" My hands curled into fists so tight that my knuckles cracked. "You know where they are and are going to them?"

"I have no idea where they are Julian." She answered evenly and her eyes swam with tears that I didn't understand. "I can see you love them and my heart breaks for you King Julian but even if I knew where they were or where to start looking then I wouldn't tell you." Her eyes bored into mine. 

"You think she knows and has run?" I whispered. And it made sense. If the staff and the kingdom knew Megan was saying I was the father to her child then it made sense that Cassie did.

Ian. Ian knew and they were together.

"I think you will never see her again now Julian. I think you have-"

I roared , whirling around. I lifted the heavy wooden desk and threw it. The force of it smashing the window so the desk fell and splintered into the gardens.

She was right. 

Cassie had found out and Ian had helped her escape. He had taken away my family before I could try to explain.

I knew another thing as well. With Ian's help Cassie would disappear forever.

I might not ever see my family again.
###chapter 228
Cassie

"Home." Standing in the doorway , I looked around the cosy interior of the house that had been my home once upon a time but not in this lifetime and smiled.

I had been happy here before Ian had forced me back. I knew deep down that Ian wouldn't be forcing me back this time. He was adamant that I be kept as far away from the kingdom and Julian as possible and I had to agree with him. 

This time our separation had to be final. No more second chances. My heart and soul couldn't take it anymore.

And-

Giggling the boys rushed passed me. Heading straight to the kitchen area in search of the snacks that Ian had promised them were waiting for them.

Smiling sadly I stepped through and waited for Ian to close the door behind us.

Goddess it was strange to be back here. Strange but not in a bad way. The boys were safe here, and we could be happy as a family. 

Not once had they asked about their father and that shocked me. 

"Welcome home Cassie." Ian dumped the suitcases and bags he had carried from the car by the door and kicked up his shoes. "I know it's not much but-"

"It's perfect. It's always been perfect." Sighing I kicked off my own shoes. The ones that were a size too big because they were borrowed. 

I would have to get my own stuff soon and clothes for the boys. I would need a job to get those things because I wasn't replying on Ian for those things. 

Luckily for me I knew just where to get a job and I already had friends here because Yanna would be close.

At the thought of the young panther my eyes met Ian's. He didn't know it yet but they were made for each other. Quite literally. Or maybe he did but something was keeping him away from her.

Old prejudices?

Or maybe new responsibilities. He had said himself that we would need the world to think we were a couple. 

"Don't start with that again." Ian said with a groan.

"What?" My eyes widened. "I didn't say anything."

"You didn't need to." Lifting his hand he motioned to my face. "You have that look on your face that you're going to say something nuts. Don't tell me you've been here before?"

I shrugged. "You wouldn't believe me even if I told you."

Ian's eyes narrowed. "Cassie I have only bought this place- you haven't been in here."

I wandered into the big open plan room. And fell into the plush overstuffed sofa with a sigh. I didn't expect him to believe me but I kind of wanted him too.

Another groan I leant forward and pulled open the small drawer in the coffee table. Plunging my hand to the back I pulled forth a foil covered toffee. Unwrapping it I popped it into my mouth.

Ian's eyebrows shot up in shock. 

"And yet I knew where you hid your secret stash of toffees Ian." Lifting my chin I called to the boys. "The good cookies are hidden." I called to them. "Cupboard by the sink. Right at the back in a tin with sewing needles on it."

Ian sucked in a breath and fell onto the sofa next to me. "How do you know these things Cassie?" He asked in wonder. His voice shook. "Are you a witch?"

"I don't think I'm a witch. I have some healing powers as well but I haven't seen them manifest since I woke up." I shrugged. "But I know where everything is because I've lived in this house before. I know you don't want to believe that Ian but I've lived this life before."

He stayed silent.

"It was different, we were at war and things were good but in all the ways that matters it was the same. I only came back because I thought I could save Julian but I know now that he has to save himself."

"He died in this other world?"

I nodded. "Megan killed him. She killed him when she was pregnant with his child."

"Shit-" Ian ran his hand through his hair. Making it stand up on end. "Do you think she will-" 

"I don't know but I don't think so. Not with me gone anyway. Megan has always wanted power and that is it. She has that now so I don't think she will." I shook my head. "But if you need to go back and protect him I understand and we will be fine here." I added quickly. "I will get a job with Dr Harris and Yanna and her people will be able to help teach the boys about shifting and their animals."

Ian's eyes darkened. "You will get your wolf back Cassie." 

I shrugged. "Maybe or maybe not. At this point I'm quite happy to live as a human. Being a wolf in this world is confusing. This is my chance to bring the boys up the way they deserve. Without any danger. They can have a normal life." I sighed. "I can have a normal life."

For  second Ian studied me. "That sounds good Cassie. But I'm not going anywhere." His eyes darkened. "I couldn't go back even if I wanted to."

He sounded bone weary.

"So it looks like we will be all living as humans now. I'm not going to ask how you know about doctor Harris though." He winked and I couldn't help it. I laughed. "But don't let your guard down, don't stop looking over your shoulder because Julian will not stop looking for us."

"He doesn't love me that much Ian." I sighed.

"That's not the reason he will be searching Cassie, although he does love you. No." He jumped to his feet. Towering over me. "I've left some things for him to find. Once he finds them he will hunt me and you to the end of the world."

My eyes widened. "What have you done?"

"I faked a paternity test. When he finds it then he will think that I am the twins' father. And-"

My heart clenched. I had said I was ok with having my reputation tarnished but it still hurt my heart to think Julian would believe I had strayed from my marriage. 

"He's going to believe we have been in a secret relationship for years."
###chapter 229
Cassie

Staring at myself in the mirror I hardly recognised myself. Reaching up I ran my fingers through my now very short white blonde hair and smiled.

It was so different to anything I had ever done but in a way that silver blonde pixie cut was exactly what was needed right now. I looked like a completely different person because that's what I had to be now.

Scooping up my long dark hair from the sink I dumped it in the bin, that was it , the end of my old life. 

Washing out the sink I went to the bedroom I was going to be sharing with Ian. And even though we had discussed the need for us to share a room so people thought we were a couple I was still shocked to see him sitting on the edge of the bed. 

"Hey."

His head lifted slowly and then he jolted back in shock. "Wow Cassie." He whistled through his teeth. "You look completely different."

Moving towards the other side of the bed I shrugged. "I thought that was the whole point?"

"It was." Ian lapsed into silence. "Still a shock though. Being a blonde suits you. Not that I didn't think you weren't beautiful as a brunette. I've always preferred brown and dark haired ladies and-" two pink spots appeared on his cheeks as he fell silent.

I giggled. I knew exactly what kind of women he liked. Yanna shaped women but he hadn't realised that yet. "Just stop talking Ian." I threw up a hand and continued to laugh. And once I started I couldn't stop. It was like a dam had burst.

"I just meant-" the pink spots deepened into flaming red. "I just-"

"It's great that you thought I was pretty before but maybe don't say any more when we are about to share a bed for the foreseeable future? I don't want things to get weird between us."

His eyes closed. "They are already weird"

"Awkward then?" Pulling back the sheets I slipped underneath  and he did the same. Keeping a polite distance between us.

"Goddess Cassie things are already awkward. Being in bed with you is going against everything I believe in."

Turning on my side I stared at his stiff profile. He really did look uncomfortable.

He shot me a forced smile and then turned off the lamp and plunged us into darkness.

"Because I'm Julian's wife?" I asked softly. 

"Partly but mostly because I've not actually slept in a bed with a woman I wasn't - um," he grumbled something under his breath.

"You wasn't fucking?" I asked with a chuckle.

He sucked in a breath and then after a second's hesitation he laughed. "Well yeah but you don't need to worry about my wandering hands or trying to make a move or anything, Cassie." He added quickly.

"I know." I smiled in the darkness. He was sweet to try and make me feel at ease but he really didn't need to. Ian would never cross that line and neither would I. We might have left Julian but we were loyal to him still. "And I promise not to come on to you." I stifled back a giggle. "Not even in my sleep. We can make a pillow wall if you like?" I added in a serious voice.

Next to me the mattress coils squeaked as he shifted his weight and turned to me. "A pillow wall?" He sounded confused. "What the hell is a pillow wall and why would we need one?"

I couldn't help it the giggle burst through with a snort like a pig.

"And what kind of noise was that?" He chuckled.

"Stop teasing me." Grabbing hold of a pillow I swatted his chest with it before putting it between our bodies. "And a pillow wall is simply a wall of pillows between us. I'm known to cuddle and -"

Grabbing hold of the pillow he shoved it behind his head and reached for me. Drawing me head down onto his shoulder. "We don't need any pillow wall Cassie. If you need me to hold you I will. Not because I want your body or because you want mine but because you are my friend." His hand smoothed down my short hair. "If you need me to hug you in the middle of the night then that's what I will do. It doesn't mean anything but we are friends and we are alone against the world." His chest heaved as he sighed heavily in the dark. "We have to stick together."

Tears rushed up into my eyes. "Thank you," I whispered and this time my voice was thick with the need to cry. 

"Let it out Cassie."

I shook my head silently. I couldn't do that. I'd been holding onto the pain of not being loved by Julian for so long. Too long really and it was eating me up inside. If I let it all out now then I wasn't sure I would ever be able to push it back down.

"You miss him." Ian said in a whisper.

Mutely I nodded. "Miss him, love him, hate him." I gulped down a sob and failed as it ripped from my body in an almost scream. "I know I can never go back, just like I know that this is the right thing to do. Julian has Megan and their baby now. He doesn't need or want me but just the thought of never seeing him again makes me want to scream."

"I know." Ian smoothed his hand over my hair over and over again. "I know Cassie."

"But loving him was killing me." Angrily I wiped at my tears. I hated myself for being so weak. "So I have to let him go." I hiccuped. "I have to let him be with the woman who he wants to be with."

Ian's hands stilled. "He does love you. Julian has always-"

I pulled away from him and sat up. "Maybe he does Ian but it doesn't really matter anymore does it? He lied and cheated and those lies caused me to miss out on years of my son's lives. Even after he couldn't give her up and now they are having a baby together." Scrubbing at my face I wiped away the tears with the heels of my hands. "I have to let Julian go once and for all. There is no going back. Now let's go to sleep. I'm tired and we have so much to sort out tomorrow."

"Cassie-"

"No Ian , it's over. Julian is dead to me and this time he will stay dead."
###chapter 330
Julian 

Three weeks and nothing. Not even a hint of where my second in command was hiding my wife and children. Any thought that he was doing this to keep him safe had evaporated soon after Cathy had left. He wasn't keeping them safe from some threat. He was keeping them away from me.

And the papers in my hand were the reason why.

Ian wanted my family for himself. Or if these papers were to be believed they were his family.

Was Ian the real father to my boys? 

Again I stared down at the sheets of paper clutched in my fists. The edges were already beginning to crumble because I couldn't seem to let go of them. 

I couldn't stop looking at the lines of type. The ones that said he was Noah and Nialls father.

Was that the reason he had been so protective of Cassie? If this was true then their affair had been going on from the beginning of my marriage. Maybe even before.

No wonder he had been adamant that he wanted to head up their security.

No wonder he wouldn't tell me if she was seeing someone else because that someone was obviously him.

Right.

I scrunched up the paper with a growl and then quickly put the paper back on the table and smoothed it back into place. I had to get myself together.

It was there in black and white. I wasn't their father.

And even though it was there and written clearly I couldn't bring myself to believe it. 

Ian and Cassie would never betray me like that and it wasn't like I hadn't  done my own tests. I'd had a paternity test done not long after the twins had been born and that one said I was their father.

So someone was lying.

But who?

"You called for me, your highness?"

I lifted my head to find Forrest hovering in the doorway. 

"Yes." Turning over the papers I motioned him into the room. "I needed to see you. Come in and close the door."

Doubt flickered into Forrest's deep green eyes but he did what I asked without hesitation. 

"You can take a seat." I motioned for one of the dining chairs. I hadn't replaced my desk yet. In fact the whole of my study was smashed up and I had left it that way because I couldn't bear to look at it. 

The broken and smashed furniture just acted as a reminder of how much of a failure I was. Both as a man but also as the king and alpha

"Are you sick, your highness?" Forrest's eyes narrowed as he appraised me. "You look a little pale and forgive me but tired? Are you eating and sleeping."

"No." I shook my head. "I'll sleep when I have my family back. I am not sick I am missing my mate." Leaning forward I studied him. "You were friends. Do you know where she is?"

"No I don't."

Leaning back I blew out a breath. "But you wouldn't tell me even if you did, right?" I chuckled mirthlessly. 

Forrest opened his mouth to say something but I threw up a hand to silence him.

"You don't need to answer that Forrest. I know you are just doing what you think is best. But I want you to know your thoughts on this?" Flipping over the pile of papers I slid them across the table at him.

He glanced down at them, frowned and then his eyes met mine. "Sire?"

"Read more." I prompted.

I watched as his eyes scanned the paper and his frown deepened. Finally he looked up at me. "I don't understand?"

He was telling the truth. I could see it in the shock on his face. "Neither do I. But that paternity test seems to say that my sons aren't my sons." My voice shook. "And that Ian is their real father. You over saw my paternity test didn't you?"

He swallowed hard. "Yes sire and I don't know what to say. I tested the sample given to me by-" his eyes widened.

"Ian." I said. "Ian was the one who arranged the test, wasn't he?" 

Goddess I had been so stupid. It was all there right in front of my face and I had been blind to see it. 

"Did you know they were sleeping together Forrest? Cassie was your best friend."

His eyes flashed. "No I didn't know and honestly I don't believe it." His voice shook with anger. "I don't think you do either Julian."

I frowned. What was it with people forgetting my title and using my name recently? First Cathy and now my personal doctor.

Staring at him I waited for him to look away first. But of course he didn't. He met my angry gaze with one of his own. 

Sighing my shoulders slumped. "No i don't. I thought it was you she was having an affair with. It was you I was jealous of."

Forrest looked away. "If she had given me a chance I would have worshipped her. I would have made her happy." He admitted and under the table my hands closed into fists. 

Not that his words came as a complete shock. I had always known he was in love with my wife. Besotted with a woman who only saw him as a friend.

"But she only ever loved you."

My eyes snapped back up to him. "Then why has this been left -" trailing off I frowned. Yanking the papers back towards me I growled down at it.

I knew why they had faked these. Cassie wanted to be free of me. She wanted a divorce. She thought I was in love with Megan and wanted one as well and with these papers I could divorce her and keep my crown.

My wife thought so many bad things about me and all of them were deserved. It wasn't like I had done anything to prove otherwise.

"You can go."

"Of course your highness." The chair Forrest was sat on scraped back.

"Forrest." I called after him and he paused, glancing back over his shoulder.

"I know you won't tell me where she is so I am not going to ask." Every word was a knife in my heart. "I will give her the freedom she wants but I will never stop looking for her but if you see her can you pass on a message from me?"

He remained silent.

"Tell her I love her and those boys more than anything in the entire world."
###chapter 231
Cassie

Standing my the school gates I fought back the urge to cry. I knew I couldn't do that with so many people watching and what if the boys looked back and saw my tears. They wouldn't understand them and I didn't want to spoil their excitement in starting school.

Niall looked over his shoulder almost like he sensed my sadness and I forced myself to give him a wide smile and a small wave of my hand.

I wanted them to have a normal life and going to a normal school was part of that.

"First time away from them?"

Yelling I almost jumped out of my skin as a young woman spoke from by my side.

"Sorry." My hand fluttered to my throat. "I don't understand-"

She motioned to the now closed school door. All those lines of children now safely inside. 

"The tears." Her lips curved up in a smile. "I remember the first time I dropped my daughter off and had to leave. How hard it was to go home without her." Turning to me, she thrust out a hand. "I am Gina and you are Cassie right?"

I did a double take. How did she know that? Catching my look she smiled but it was a little forced. Not waiting for me to say anything she looped her arm through mine and began wandering towards the school gates.

Completely confused I walked along with her, after all what other choice did I have and anyway I had to go that way anyway. 

Out on the street Ian would be waiting, so if this was a kidnap attempt it was a pretty lousy one.

"It does get easier." She continued to talk like we were old friends.

"I'm sorry I'm just a little -" wildly I looked around. The playground was still full of mums and dads, of childminders and just normal people going about their day and dropping their children off.

"Is your partner waiting outside?" She asked like I hadn't spoken at all. I threw her a look. Gina's smile didn't falter for a second. 

"I saw you arrive with him and the children. He is very handsome. Have you been with him long."

"I've known him for years." I answered and it wasn't quite a lie. I had known Ian for years , we just weren't together. Not that anyone here could ever know that. Even the boys had been told that they couldn't say anything about our true situation. It was an awful thing to ask of them but I knew they understood. They were smart boys after all.

"You make a beautiful couple. Not as beautiful as you and your husband make of course but still stunning."

I froze and my arm dropped from the crook of her arm.

Half turning her smile slipped. 

"I don't know what you mean." I muttered.

Coming back to stand in front of me she studied my face. "Of course you don't queen Cassie and don't worry your secrets are safe with me but I do have a message for you. I just wanted to tell you it away from your guard dog."

Without meaning to I glanced towards the school gates, I could see Ian's car. He was looking at me but he hadn't moved yet. 

Dragging my eyes away from him I turned towards Gina. "I don't think you have a message for me at all. You have me mixed up with someone else. I'm definitely not a queen." I forced out a laugh.

"Cutting and dying your hair was a cool move Cassie but we have a friend in common. Forrest-"

I did a double take. "You know Forrest?" I whispered before I could stop myself and instantly kicked myself because I had just admitted everything.

"For many many years. And he wants me to pass on a message from your husband." Her eyes widened. "The king."

I didn't ask her what it was, I just waited. Staring at her like she was staring at me. We stayed silent for so long that it became even more uncomfortable.

"What is the message?" I broke the silence.

"You're husband knows the truth."

Her words hit me in a rush but honestly I didn't understand him. Was she saying Julian knew the truth or the lie that we needed him to believe was the truth?

"And he loves and misses you."

I swallowed hard. He didn't believe the lie then and I didn't know how I felt about that. To be free I needed him to believe I'd been carrying on with Ian for years and years.

"Ok." I shrugged.

"Do you have a message back?" She eyed me coolly. 

"I'm completely confused on who all these people are." I lied and this time it came out smoothly. My voice didn't catch in my throat. "I'm flattered you think I look like a queen though." I added for good measure,

She looked at me for a second and then laughed. "Of course and like I said your secret is safe with me but I do have one more message. This one from Forrest himself."

"Ok."

"He said to remind you of the similarities between this life and the other one. That you might find the answers if you go back through your dreams?" This time when she looked at me her face was puzzled. "Does that make sense?"

Yes, it made sense. My two separate lives seemed to be running along the same path. Some little differences but not too many. All the main players were still here.

I frowned.

The main players.

"I have absolutely no idea." I shook my head. "Thanks for the weird messages Gina, I have to go my husband is waiting for me."

She stared at me for a second and then nodded. "Yes he is."

I knew she was talking about Julian but it wasn't the king who was waiting for me.

Ian lifted his head when I got into the car. His face concerned. "Everything ok?"

"Yes and no. But we will have to wait until we are home to talk about it."
###chapter 332
Cassie

"What do you mean you think we should look into the person Megan is working for?" Back and forth Ian paced the length of the kitchen. He had been doing the same thing and asking the same question for the last hour and it didn't seem to matter how many times I tried to explain it to him , he just didn't get it.

"I mean she was-" I stuttered over my words because even to my own ears what I was saying sounded crazy. He should be used to that by now though. Everyone should. Ever since I had woken up I had been freaking out everyone with the things I said. 

"Working with Duncan."

I froze and stared at him. "How do you know about Duncan?" I whispered.

Turning on his heel he stared at me like I was stupid. "It's my job to know about Duncan and Megan and his little games of getting cash out of rich and powerful men." He sighed. "Did you think I was just kicking back my heels and doing nothing all these years Cassie?"

Opening my mouth to speak I shut it again and shook my head. "But if you know about him and -"

Sighing Ian came to stand right in front of me. His strong hands came down on my shoulders and I lifted my face to him. 

"Julian knows as well." He said it so softly that I knew it was hurting him to even say the words. It hurt me as well.

Because if what he said was true and Julian knew then he really was in love with her. So much so that he didn't care about her past or the horrible things she had done.

A wave of fresh heartbreak flowed through me, making my whole body shake and it was like I could feel the mate bond begin to splinter.

"When? How?"

"About three months after your accident. I had been digging into her past before that but that's when I went with him with the proof of everything. He said he knew because she had told him and that he had forgiven her." His eyes met mine and crinkled at the edges. "Because forgiving her would be what you would do."

I couldn't help it. I laughed. I laughed so suddenly and so violently that I snorted. Smashing my hand over my mouth I giggled at his surprised look.

"Would I hell." I managed to mumble and then I was laughing again. 

For five whole seconds Ian just stared at me and then he was chuckling right along with me. "That's what I told him." He wheezed. "But you are taking this better than I thought you would."

That sobered me up completely. Biting back the laughter I studied him. "Honestly at this point I'm not surprised by anything that man does when it comes to her."

And there it was the truth. It didn't matter how much he hurt me or how much I loved him. When it came to Megan I was no longer surprised.

In the battle between me and her, she was always the winner. 

Before I could stop myself I glanced at the two cereal bowls still waiting to be cleaned on the side and smiled. 

Megan might think she was the winner because she had the man who just happened to be king and his baby in her belly but that was because she thought power and wealth were the most important things in life.

I knew better.

Family was the most important. Family and memories both old and the ones I would make.

I had everything here to make my life a happy one , so in my book that made me the winner not her.

Sensing my sudden shift in mood, Ian hooked his fingers under my chin and tilted my face up.

"You've just said goodbye haven't you?"

Confused I stared at him. "I don't know what you mean?"

His eyes softened. "I think you do. What were you just thinking about?"

Moving away from him , I shrugged. "Just that I am the real winner here because I have my children and people who actually care about me around me. Not telling mum were I was going was hard but-" I gave a pained shrug. "She thinks I'm crazy for not just putting up with it so I guess she's on his side."

"It's not about sides Cassie but you are right you do have people who care about you in your life. People who care about the boys as well. Family doesn't always mean blood-"

Reaching up I pressed my lips to his cheek and he stiffened in shock. "I know Ian and I am so happy that you are here with me. I honestly don't know what I would do if you weren't."

He patted me on the head like a puppy. "You would manage Cassie because you're a fighter. You always have been. Julian is a fool for-"

"Let's just stop with he's a fool." I grinned. "And leave it at that. I have to let him go."

"See you are finally ready to say goodbye." He muttered. "You've gone through the anger and the tears and how you are-"

"Just going through the acceptance?" Lifting my eyebrows I finished for him. 

Deep inside my heart, the mate bond cracked even more and a wave of heavy crushing pain jolted me back. Instantly Ian was at my side, steadying me.

"What's wrong?"

Pressing my hand over my heart I took a deep breath and in my minds eye I saw Julian. His own hand over his heart as he bent over the sink in his bathroom. It was like looking at him in the mirror. Our eyes seemed to meet.

Opening his mouth he mouthed my name but no sound came out.

"My heart-"

Ian gathered me up into his arms. "You've accepted that your place isn't with him now Cassie and your wolf had listened."

Lifting my eyes up to him, I nodded my head in understanding. "The mate bond." 

"Yes Cassie. Your bond is breaking."

Thump thump thump. My heart was beating so loudly that it echoed in my ears and deafened me and it hurt.  It would hurt for a while yet ,until I was no longer tied to my husband.

"Is he feeling this?" I asked in a whisper. "Is Julian-"

"Yes." Ian answered softly. "Julian will be feeling this and he will know exactly what it means."
###chapter 233
Julian 

The pain hit me in a rush, like someone had smashed their fist into my heart and twisted it around. It was similar to the feeling I'd had earlier but more intense and it took my breath away.

Clutching the sink with my hands so tightly that the porcelain cracked I stared at myself in the vanity mirror. Everything about my face looked drawn and withered. Dark smudges under my eyes, my cheeks gaunt and my skin sallow under the dark stubble that lined my cheeks. I looked the same mess as I had for the last few weeks but there was something new in my face.

An emptiness that I didn't understand. There was a hollow sense of loss in my eyes.

The pain came again, sharper this time. Like a crack had appeared where that invisible fist had punched me.

"Cassie." I moaned and my hand went to rub over my smarting heart.

And there she was, staring at me with her beautiful soulful eyes , which were filled with the same pain and loss that mine held.  There was some colour in her cheeks but she was in pain. 

"Cassie." I said again, this time I reached for the mirror like she was there but instead of finding my wife's soft skin my fingers brushed against cold glass.

My chest hurt, my heart was breaking in slow motion and I knew what it meant. 

Cassie, the love of my life, the mother of my children and my mate was rejecting me and because we couldn't do it properly the break would be long and painful. Drawn out.

The end result would be the same though.

The mating bond would break and things would never be the same again. 

Not ever.

And it was all Megan's fault. 

Megan's and mine because I had allowed myself to be manipulated. I was the one who hadn't been truthful with Cassie from the beginning and now she knew things I had never wanted her to know and she was rejecting me.

Honestly it was a long time coming. If she hadn't of been so good she would have rejected me right after -

Pain so fresh and intense it rocked me backwards caught me up and sent me spinning. I whirled about and my head smashed against the glass shower cubicle. The force of my body shattering it and sending me right through it.

I sat against the tiled wall and breathing through my nose watched as my blood swirled down the drain.

Cassie was rejecting me.

And once that rejection was completed , once she didn't hold another ounce of love in her heart for me then it would be final. 

If that happened I would never win her back. 

In fact I knew I would never see her again. I wouldn't even be able to feel her presence. She would be completely lost to me.

I couldn't let that happen. 

"You're majesty." One of my few remaining maids , her hands full of towels rushed forward, dropping the towels as she went. "You're hurt and-"

"I'm fine." I lied because the shard of glass currently protruding through my forearm wasn't fine at all. "But I probably shouldn't move."

Wide eyed and terrified she stared at me, "I'll phone for an ambulance your majesty. The paramedics will-"

"No." My voice was loud and clear and more than a little bit angry. "Call for Forrest. He's my physician."

"But he might take an hour to get here and you need medical treatment now."

"No hospital, call Forrest. And pass me that towel so I can stem the bleeding. There's a good girl."

She quickly did as she was told and rushed from the room. 

Of course the smart thing to do would be to go to the hospital. The young maid was right about that but I had never ever been a smart man.

Not ever.

Forrest was the man I needed, not just for the jagged piece of glass currently sitting through my arms but for everything.

He was the only link I had with my wife, the woman who was currently breaking my heart. Literally.

They were friends and he would know how to get another message to her.

I needed Cassie to agree to talk to me, at least one last time because I wanted to tell her-

No, I needed to tell her the entire truth. Starting with the baby , Megan was blackmailing me with. The baby I knew wasn't mine. And working backwards over everything that had happened in the last few years when she was asleep

I would be completely honest and truthful and she would have to listen to me.

Cassie would have to believe me because the alternative didn't bare thinking about.

The force of her rejection might hurt her but I knew it would kill me. I loved her too much.

And I wasn't ready to let her go.

"Julian."

I blinked up in surprise to find Forrest in front of me. His battered leather bag already open.

"What the hell happened to you?"

"Fell." I muttered. "How did you get here so quickly?"

"I was in the area when your staff called. What happened here?" He asked again. "Were you  attacked? Do I need-"

"Cassie-" I winced as he began to probe the slashed arm. 

His head shot up. Confusion tightening his features. "Cassie was here and attacked you?"

The tone of his voice said he didn't believe me.

"She rejected me."

He bounced back on his heels. His face was shocked. When he spoke his voice was unnaturally even. "Oh I see."

"Is that all you have to say?"

His forest green eyes flashed. "I am sorry,"

"Yeah I am as well and I don't accept it." I couldn't keep the growl out of my voice.  Not that my growling had any bearing on anyone anymore.

"I don't think you have a choice." He said quietly.

"We all have a choice Forrest. I need you to get another message to her."

"I haven't got any message to her , Julian. I don't know where she is."

I didn't quite believe him. He was lying about some part of it, I was sure of it.

"Maybe that's the truth. But you are going to help me anyway." I said firmly and this time I put all of my alpha power in to my voice. Something I hadn't done for years. "You're going to help me get my family back Forrest. So I can tell her the truth,"

"And what is that?"

"That I love them and that their is no one else in the world but them for me. That her happiness is my-"

"Cassie never wanted to be queen Julian. She's always just wanted to be loved."

"Then I'll give up my crown." I answered just as quietly but I meant every word. "I'll give up everything for her. I'll even accept her rejection if that makes her happy." I met his eyes. "I just need to speak to her."
###chapter 234
Julian

"What happened to your arm?" Megan rushed forward, and thanks to the fact we had an audience her face was full of fake worry. 

Coming to a stop she touched the wide bandage around my arm with the tips of her French painted nails. Dragging them along the material in a way that was meant to show that she was a caring dutiful-  whatever she was meant to be but only came across as a woman who was literally getting her claws into the man she had been swindling for years.

"I took a little fall." Covering her hand with my good one I patted it and smiled. I had to make this believable and not be too icy but neither could I come on too strong. She would see through that as well. 

Megan was clever and she had bested me on every turn so far so I couldn't let that happen this time. The plan I had hashed out with Forrest relied on her thinking she was in control and still had me under her foot.

"It wasn't a little fall." Forrest snapped from behind me as he moved further into the room. "He shouldn't even be here." His eyes raked over her with barely contained loathing. Not that Megan seemed to care what anyone thought about her.quite the opposite in fact she enjoyed people's hatred because she thought it made her powerful.

"And I told you-" my voice rose. "That I would not miss Megan's first scan. This is important," I turned to him just like we had talked about. "Now that I know the truth , this baby is the heir to my entire kingdom,"

Megan's gasp was loud. "What do you mean? The twins?"

"Not mine." I lied with a shrug that was meant to look like I didn't care  but still that I was in pain. "Ian's." Another shrug and the entire time I was staring at her , gauging her reaction.

Just like I knew she would, she widened her eyes to the max. "I am so sorry, Julian." Her fingers squeezed over my arm like I was meant to believe that she didn't already know.  I had made sure that the kingdom was awash with that particular rumour.  

"The betrayal you must be feeling ," she shook her head. "I can't even begin to try and understand how you are feeling."

Carefully I levelled my eyes on her, she really was a piece of work. She knew the twins were mine just like we both knew the baby she was carrying wasn't mine.

"Megan can you jump up please." Forrest cut in with a growl in his voice. "The king really shouldn't be up and about in his current state. The only reason he is here is because -"

She turned to me fully. "Has something else happened?"

Megan probed in her too sweet girly voice.

"No." I muttered.

"Cassies rejection is hitting him in weird ways." Forrest said over the top of me. Again just like we had planned.

"She rejected you?" Megan shrieked and this time she couldn't help the excitement in her voice.

"I don't want to talk about it." Stepping back I motioned for her to get up on the bed. "But I am tired so can we do this and then I'll talk to you about our options later," lowering my voice I forced myself to smile. "When we are alone."

"Options?" Her eyebrows shot up as she jumped up onto the bed and laid down. Baring her stomach so the cold jelly could be squeezed onto it.

"Do I have to warn anyone about confidentiality?" I growled out before Forrest grabbed the wand and swiped it across her stomach. There was a chorus of no's from everyone except Megan.

But then I knew that was going to be the case anyway. I needed her to spread the rumours about my wife. It would keep Cassie and the boys safer.

Or at least I hoped it would.

"Everything looks healthy." Forrest said in a clipped voice. "And-" 

He pressed down a little harder and Megan winced back. "Ow." She spat and then baring her teeth she growled at him. "Watch it Forrest. I'm carrying the future heir. You should be more careful."

"Yes you should." I said quietly but I wasn't talking about Forrest. I was talking to her. She was just too dumb to realise it. 

"Is it a boy or a girl?" I asked in a quiet voice. I didn't really care and if this was my child I wouldn't give two shits but I was playing a part now.

Another swipe. "A girl."

I let my shoulders droop and stared at Megan. "That's a shame." I said emotionlessly. "Girls can't rule."

Her face crumbled. Fat tears fell down her face, "maybe there are two. You've had twins before and-"

Too late she realised what she said. "Those boys weren't mine, remember." I pointed out , catching her eyes I smirked. "How disappointing though. I was hoping for a boy."  Turning on my heel I hurried towards the door. "Mistresses give girls , queens give boys. Make sure she is fit and healthy and have her driver take her home." I ordered.

"Julian wait- I-"

The door slammed behind me , drowning out the protests she was no doubt issuing because she had to have bloods taken.

The seed of doubt had been sown though. All of these years Megan had wanted what my wife had. So that's what she was going to get. 

I would treat the woman who was black mailing me exactly like I had treated my mate in the beginning and I would ruin her with it.

It was the only way to get my family back.

Smiling to myself I wandered down the hospital corridors. Right passed the door to Cassies old office I ran my fingers back over the wood. Almost tempted to knock and go inside.

Only I knew she wasn't there, so there would be no point. 

Cassie was out there somewhere in the world and I didn't have a clue where. I would soon though because I knew the other part of my plan would work.

And that's where I was going now. To start the next part of my plan.
###chapter 235
Cassie

"What are you doing?" Ian , covered in sweat and something that looked like smears of black oil hesitated in the open doorway. "Where are the boys?"

Glancing up from my place on the sofa with my laptop balanced precariously on my lap I smiled. "Bathed and in bed. There's dinner in the oven for you."

Giving me a wide smile he kicked off his shoes he moved towards the kitchen area. "I'm sorry I'm late there was-" he paused. "What did you cook?"

Laughing in closed the lid of the laptop and turned to him. Curling my legs underneath me. "I'm better at cooking now." I pointed out and I was. Yanna and her family had been giving me lessons. 

"I know. I was just asking." He retorted. "You know I'll eat whatever you try to cook for me."

I couldn't help it l laughed. The main word in that sentence was try because I might be getting better but I still wasn't good.

"I know but that's Yannas cooking not mine. I just heated it up because I didn't want another take out. I'm starting to put on weight."

With his head in the oven Ian made an appreciative sound. "Good you could do with putting on some weight." He reappeared again. Plate in hand as he came to sit opposite me.

"So what are you doing?"

It was such a mundane thing. Eating and chatting with each other every evening after work that I had begun to think it  was normal. And for any other family it probably was but we weren't a normal family and I'd never had anything like this growing up or with Julian.

I liked it though. I enjoyed our after work conversations and the fact he was hands on with the kids.

"So what are you doing?" He waggled his eyebrows. "Best not be cheating on me with random guys online."

Laughter burst from my lips. "Yeah cos dating is top of my to do list." Rolling my eyes I watched him eat and in return he stared at me.

"One day it will be."

There was was something in the way he said it that made me pause. "If you want to date you can Ian. We are only pretending to be a couple ,remember."

Like a deer in the headlights he stared at me and then shook his head. "No Cassie." He said softly. "We have to make this lie believable so I have to make it look like I'm crazy about you."

"Sure." I rolled my eyes. "But the offer is there. You could do it if you were careful. And there's plenty of pretty women around here. Like Yanna."

Ian's face closed down instantly. "Not happening Cassie. Now tell me what you are doing?" He pointed to the laptop.

"I'm making us some more money. With you working whatever jobs you can get and me only having part time hours in the doctors office around the children , I thought we could do with some extra."

Ian's eyes widened. "You're making money online?"

It took me a few seconds to understand his shock and horror but once I did I couldn't help it I laughed. "Not like that." Tossing a cushion at him I laughed even louder. "There's a website, a few of them actually that employ doctors to give advice online. I looked into it when I was first married and Julian took my job away from me."

"Oh ok. No wait." Ian's eyes flashed. "If he knows about these sites he might-"

"He doesn't, Ian. We ended up arguing because he thought I was cheating. I doubt he even remembers it happening." 

"Ok," Ian scraped the last of his food from his plate and into his mouth. "Sounds like a good idea but are you sure you want to work in the evenings as well?"

Pausing I nodded. I had thought about that. At the moment I had a good work -life balance because I worked around the kids' school day.

"Yeah, that's the beauty of these sites. I can work the hours I want, just by signing in. And there's really not much for me to do after the boys are in bed."

Ian's face darkened. "I've been leaving you alone too much. I should take you out or something. I know how hard it is being in a new place. Especially when you can't make close friends and-"

I cut him off. "You don't need to take me out Ian. You've done too much already. If you want to head out one night then I'd love to tag along but honestly I'm not doing this because I'm lonely. I'm doing this because I'm a doctor and I want to be useful."

"I get that." He said softly. "And if it's something you will enjoy and it won't jeopardise your safety then I am fully behind it. You are a good doctor and it makes you happy so why not." He gave a small shrug and stood.

"Thanks. I've already registered my account so I can sign in and start helping people whenever I'm ready." 

"Well no time like now hey? I need to shower and have an early night anyway." His eyes appraised me. "Unless you need me for anything."

"Go and shower Ian. You look tired."

"Well thanks."

My cheeks flamed. "I didn't mean it like that Ian. You're the best fake husband and father a woman could wish for. One day you will make a spectacular mate and father to a lucky lady."

"I don't think that's the life for me and anyway I have you and the boys now. Not exactly a great set up to meet anyone." He headed up the stairs.

"Unless you have already met her." I muttered under my breath.

Twenty five minutes later I had logged into the platform and was just finishing up a consultation when someone joined the queue to speak to me.

This was good, easy money. 

Closing down the window, I clicked on the next.

Scrolling through the patient notes I frowned , a wave of unease flowing through me.

"Hi I'm doctor Cassandra. How can I help you today?" I typed quickly.

Three dots appeared. "Cassandra? Do people call you Cassie or Cass?"

"People call me Cassandra. How can I help you?" Rule number one of dealing with online patients was not to get too friendly. Some of them forgot that it was a professional relationship.

"I'm sorry I didn't mean to overstep. I really do need your help. You see, this is kind of embarrassing but I think I'm dying."

"What are you symptoms? If you can quickly go through them then I can tell you the best course of action or phone for the paramedics if you need one." 

The typed reply took much longer, almost like he was typing and then deleting whole paragraphs.

Finally his message popped up. "The love of my life left me, and I can feel her rejection and it's breaking my heart."

I stared at the words for a second and willed my heart to calm down. "I'm sorry to hear that."

His response was instant. "Are you Cassie?"

My fingers hovered over the keyboard, my heart slammed into my chest. 

No, no,no

I slammed the lid of the laptop down and threw the thing to the other end of the sofa.

Julian had found me.
###chapter 236
Cassie

It took me another week to muster up the courage to sign back in and by that point I had forced myself to believe that the whole situation had been my wild imagination. It hadn't been Julian at all. 

There was no way it could be. Hundreds if not thousands of other shifters were going through heartbreak, just like I was. 

And anyway, what would be the chances of Julian finding me through that channel? Even if he was looking for me , which I knew he wasn't. The odds of him finding me online were slim to none.

Maybe that was the reason I hadn't told Ian about it. Because I was just being stupid and I didn't want him to worry for no reason. 

The only strange thing that waited for me was the extra money in my account waiting to be withdrawn. One payment I recognised but not the other one. Clearly the man who I had been talking to when I had ended the meeting abruptly had still paid me. He didn't have to do that but there was no way for me to send the money back to him. 

I threw myself into the consultations and each one was more mundane than the one before. My mystery heartbroken man didn't make an appearance. So by the time I signed off I felt so much better.

It was all just one big misunderstanding on my part.

"Mama." 

I snapped the laptop shut as the boys ran through the front door, their bags dropped haphazardly on the floor for Ian to pick up with a sigh.

A few months and he was already wearing the tired dad expression on his face. Not that I could blame him for that. He hadn't signed up to be the insta dad to boisterous twin boys but goddess,  had he stepped up to the plate.

"Mama we are going on a run. We can shift." Noah leapt up into my lap, his older more reserved brother climbed up much more slowly. Wrapping my arms around them both , I kissed two curly heads and lifted my eyes to Ian.

"We are?"

"Yanna invited us. She said we could run if we want. That she will teach us to shift properly and-" Noah was rambling. 

"You talk too much." Niall snapped. "You not let anyone else talk."

They rounded on each other. Round eyes glaring at each other.

"I think-" Ian scooped up one twin in each arm. "You both talk too much. Go and get changed and let me speak to your mama." He deposited them on the floor and his eyes flashed as Noah opened his mouth to speak. Waggling his eyebrows they scampered off still laughing. 

"They are settling in so well." He said with a sigh as he fell onto the sofa next to me.

"More than that they are thriving. They love it here because they can just be young boys and not princes."

"They are princes though Cassie. We have to remember that so that's why I went to Yanna."

My head jerked upwards. "You went to Yanna?"

He gave a small shrug. "Not in the way you're thinking Cassie. The boys need training to control their animals and we can't do that here so Yannas father has opened us their lands for us to use. It's a great honour really." He met my eyes and I fought back the urge to grin knowingly. "We will be the first wolves to run with their people in years."

"Yeah." I wanted to tease him about him and Yanna but now wasn't the time. He was right. The boys had shifted earlier than most wolf shifters and they needed to learn to control it. Especially when they went to a mainly human school and had a mainly human friendship group. "They do need to learn some control."

Only yesterday Niall had shifted in the garden. Noah had done the same the week before. They were getting harder and harder to control.

"And you as well-" Ian muttered.

My head snapped up and my eyes flashed. "What do you mean and me? I don't have a wolf to control anymore." The loss of my wolf weighed on me but it didn't make me as sad as it should have. In a way being a wolf less shifter made my life easier.

I'd never really been a good shifter anyway.

"My wolf is gone."

"No it's not." Ian chuckled. "Of course she's not gone, you wouldn't be able to reject Julian if she was really gone."

I continued to stare at him.

"So she's in there somewhere and I'm going to help her come back out."

"Maybe she doesn't want to come back out?" I countered. "Maybe I don't want her back?"

His eyes flashed. "You don't mean that Cassie." 

That was the problem, I did mean it. I wanted to leave the life of a shifter behind me. With all the politics and bowing and scraping. I wanted to meet people's eyes without having to worry about it.

Only I didn't have to worry about it , not  here because there was no alpha to submit to and not when I had been with Julian because the only person who outranked me was Julian himself.

Although now I was guessing Megan would be higher up than me now.

"Stop thinking about him and start thinking with your brian and not your heart." Ian snapped.

I blinked up at him with a shocked look on my face. 

"The boys need you to lead and teach them Cassie." His voice softened. 

"I know and I will try and bring her forward for their sakes but I don't want to go on any run." Defiantly I met his eyes. Almost daring him to argue with me. But of course he didn't. "I'll be what they need me to be." I continued. "But I need to be who I need to be as well." Without meaning to I glanced at the laptop. Ian's gaze followed mine and he frowned.

"Has something happened Cassie?" He asked evenly,

Quickly I shook my head. Nothing had actually happened. Not really. 

"Nothing. I'm fine."

Ian looked at me like he didn't believe me. "So you were saying?"

Shaking myself I stood up and stretched. "I need to be me, mum, doctor, woman. I'm going for a shower and to check on the boys."

"You forgot one thing Cassie," Ian called after me and I paused to glance over my shoulder at him with my eyebrows raised.

"You missed out Queen."
###chapter 237
Julian 

"So you are having a girl." Steepling my hands under my chin I leant forward on Megan's ridiculously expensive sofa. Although I guessed it really was mine seeing as I was the one who paid for it.

My eyes scanned around the room. Everything in here was technically mine, including the house itself. Finally I let my eyes fall on her.

I owned her as well.

She might think she had me exactly where she wanted me but the truth was far different. She just didn't know it yet. She wouldn't know it until it was too late to worm her way out of the situation.

Megan was going to get everything she deserved and more.

"We -" she beamed at me. "We are  having a girl." 

My eyes flashed angrily. "We both know the child isn't mine. I've never touched you."

Megan's face fell. Twisting on itself like she thought I would be fooled by the crocodile tears. "I know and I'm sorry for what I made you do. I didn't want to hurt you like that." She sniffled. "I would never hurt you and I can see you are hurting Julian." She looked at me from beneath her lashes. "I was just so lost  and scared of losing you to Cassie when she woke up. I don't know what I would do without you Julian. That's the truth."

She didn't know how she would manage with my money and power was what she meant because at the end of the day that's all she had ever wanted. Her starting the rumour that the child was mine had caused Cassie to leave and take my real children with her.

My boys.

My heirs.

I shook the thought away. "Cassie and you were never in competition with each other." And that was the truth because there was no competition between them. Cassie was just superior in all ways. Not that I could tell Megan that. "I would have looked after you and your child."

"But you wouldn't have needed me like I needed you Julian. I've always known that you loved Cassie but I loved you." Her bright tear filled eyes met mine and they were too bright. 

She really was a great actress, Megan had missed her calling when she went into medicine instead of acting.

"Cassie never loved you the way I do Julian. She didn't deserve you." Heavily she fell onto her knees in front of me and reached for my hands. Pressing them into my lap. I gritted my teeth. "She loved another , she always did and I hate that it's hurting you." She continued as she pressed her cheek into my thighs. The picture of submissive femininity. 

"I hate that you raised those boys and loved them. I hate the fact that her rejection is hurting you because-"

"I'm not." I snapped.

Her head snapped upwards. "You're not?" She parroted back.

"I'm not sad that she left because it made me realise what I want." My hands shook as I reached for her face to draw her up.  Quickly I lifted her and slammed her down on her back on the sofa. My much bigger body coverings hers.

A look of shocked surprise flickered into her eyes. Megan had planned for every outcome but I didn't think she had planned for this.

Good.

"Julian." She squeaked. 

Holding my weight off of her with my forearms I let my lips fall to her ear. "I've always known what kind of woman you are Megan." I whispered in my most seductive growling voice. "When I fucked Cassie, she was to uptight you know. In the beginning it felt like-" I nipped at her ear and she let out a startled breath. "I know you could take me and my needs. I'm not a gentle lover Megan. I never have been. And now my wife is gone I have needs. I think you could cater to those needs."

She stiffened under me, her small hands pushed against my chest. "Julian the baby. I can't do the things you want me to do."

I let myself be pushed upwards. Hiding my smile.

"I'm disappointed." I grumbled as I took my seat again. "But i understand the child's health must come first."

Megan grabbed hold of my hands.  Bringing them to her lips she began kissing the back of them. "I knew you would understand and when I have given birth." She beamed up at me. "When I give birth I can be who you need."

"My luna and my queen."

She did a double take. Her hand fluttered to her throat as her eyes searched my face. "Do you mean that Julian? You love me." 

I didn't answer her. "You will get everything you deserve finally ,Megan." I drew her hand up to my lips. Kissing the back of it I bit back the groan of distaste the feel of her skin on my lips made me feel. "We need to put certain paperwork in place for the baby you are carrying. I want her to be as looked after as any son you birth for me." Without warning I pressed my hand against her stomach. Deep inside her body an innocent soul was growing. A baby who didn't deserve a mother like Megan. 

"I'm going to fill you full of baby boys but this little girl must also be taken care of." Lifting my eyes to her I forced myself to smile. "But don't worry about that." My grin grew. "I'll take care of it all , she will be looked after."

She threw herself into my arms. Kissing all over my cheeks.

Ugh.

"I just need to find Cassie first." I almost said mate and stopped myself at the last second.

"Why? Why do you need to find her if she is rejecting you?" Wariness crept into her voice. She was beginning to doubt me. 

"Don't you have cause for divorce anyway? She cheated on you? And you stayed true to her all these years. You raised her bastards."

I bit back a growl.

"You're right about that but-" I forced myself to kiss her sticky glossy mouth. "I want to punish her. Don't you want to watch that? Don't you want to watch Cassie get everything she deserves?"
###chapter 238
Cassie

The forests of Yannas home were beautiful. Not the scented pine forests that I was used to but giant ancient trees with reddish trunks and the leaves swaying green and russet red high above my head.

Lifting my head I stared at that canopy and smiled. Yes it was different but there was something magical about this place. A sense of peace filled me. Breathing in deep the smells of the forest I felt my shoulders relax.

"You seem happy."

I did a double take at the sound of Yannas voice. Turning I stared at her. She was just as beautiful as she had been at the ball, but there was something ethereal about seeing her standing here because this was her home and was where she belonged.

"Sorry." Wildly I looked around, trying to spot Ian and the twins in the crowds walking towards the giant wooden cabin in the middle of the clearing. 

Sensing my panic , she placed a hand on my arm. "The boys have gone inside with Ian. They are safe. Well-" the corners of her mouth twitched. "As safe as two young boys can be from the amount of ice cream and candy everyone has bought for them. Children are so rare here so you'll have to forgive them if the boys have bad belly's later."

I couldn't help it. I laughed. "I think I can make an exception this once and anyway the run will probably help. They are so excited to be included." I met her eyes with mine. "I'm honoured and excited as well." I said truthfully.

"That's why I wanted to talk to you." Sliding her hand into the crook of my arm she grinned up at me. "Let's walk and talk a little."

I flashed her a confused look even as I let myself be lead along the gravel path and further into the woods.

"We can't talk inside?" I asked as the cabin was lost in view.

"Of course we can but I thought you might want some privacy. Ian told me you haven't been able to call your animal forth since you woke up?" Stopping dead she turned to me.

"It's no big deal. Ian's sure she is still here." I gave her a shrug. "She just doesn't want to come out and-" 

Yannas slap came out of no where. Rocking my head back.

Confused I took a stumbling step back, my hand rushed up to my smarting cheek but never made contact as she slapped me again.

"What the hell-" 

She hit me again and again. Rocking my head first to the right and then to the left until my neck hurt from the continuous movement more than my cheeks did.

Tears stung my eyes.

"Fight the fuck-"

"What the hell are you doing Yanna?" Ian appeared out of nowhere. Striding through the wide trunks , he caught her up around the waist and tossed her aside like she was nothing but trash.

She landed hard on her back but didn't stay down , rolling to her feet she rounded on him and her growls filled the air. Loud and threatening as they echoed around the woodland.

Ian turned to me in shock, facing me and not Yanna who was in complete attack mode. Her full lips pulled back from her shining white teeth.

It was a foolish mistake when she was growling away like a wild animal.

My body vibrated. Muscles tensing and then releasing in rhythmic bursts.

"Cassie-" Ian reached out a hand towards me, and I snapped at it. My teeth gnashing together. 

More growls filled the early morning air but not from Yanna or even Ian.

It was me that was growling. 

"There she is." Ignoring Ian completely , Yanna pushed past him. "Let her out Cassie." She ordered. "You're the one who is keeping her locked away.

The noise rumbling from my lips died down to nothing but the sound of my heavy breathing.

"You did that on purpose." I panted, glaring at her. That's why she had led me away from view and from Ian because her plan had always been to beat me until I shifted. She suspected that my wolf would come out to play if I was threatened and she was half right. 

I could feel my wolf now. Pacing just inside my skin, ready to burst free but with no real wish to do so. 

"And it would have worked if your guard dog hadn't interrupted." Out of the corner of her eye she glared at Ian.

A twig snapped under Ian's boots as he stepped between us. Turning to face Yannas much smaller frame, he clenched his fists at his side.

"You fucking touch her again Yanna and I will end you." Venom dripped from his voice.

For a heartbeat she stared at him and then with a flick of her dark curls she walked away. "You would try wolf boy." She threw back over her shoulder. "You wouldn't succeed." 

I watched as she disappeared into the trees.

"Are you ok?"

I continued to stare in the direction she had disappeared into and didn't answer him at first.

"Cassie?"

"I'm fine."

"You're cheeks are red and swollen." Ian towered over me. "She hurt you and I let it happen."

Slowly I lifted my eyes to him. "I'm fine."

Ian shook his head. His fingers coming down to smooth down my stinging cheek. "I'll see you to the cat and then get the boys. We need to get out of here. These people aren't our friends." 

Anger rumbled through him. "Yes they are." Grabbing his arm I stopped him storming off.

Ian turned to me in shock. "But she assaulted you."

Silently I shook my head. "She did what she needed to do to get my wolf to show herself." Catching his look I smiled. "I'm honestly not hurt, Ian." I added. "We need to stay."

He looked puzzled.

"I don't really want my wolf back, that's the truth but there might be a time in the future that I need her back. So I have to stay. I have to see if Yanna can draw her out,"

His eyebrows shot up. "By slapping you around?"

I shrugged. "By any means necessary."
###chapter 239
Cassie

The boys were fluffy pups trying to be big bad wolves and it was adorable. With their glistening little canines and the feeble growls. 

And I wasn't the only one to think so. All the giant black cats thought so. I had caught them one purr in their direction or gentle nudge them with their massive heads.

Usually having such dangerous creatures next to my defenceless sons when I couldn't muster my wolf to protect them would have filled me with panic but for some reason this didn't.

The giant cats of Yannas family were now my boys family as well and anyway Ian was going to run with them as well and I knew he would never let anything happen to them.

Plus Niall and Noah needed this. They desperately needed their own kind around them. It was the only way they would ever learn to control the animal side of them.

"Are you sure you won't come?" Ian asked , almost his entire body on display because he was only wearing shorts. And pretty skimpy shorts at that. 

I understood the reason he was wearing them because when he shifted his wolf would rip his clothes to shreds but it showed more of his body off than I was comfortable seeing.

Not because Ian didn't have the body of a Greek god but because I had noticed that he had a great body and that was dangerous ground for a woman who was as lonely as me. Especially when we shared a bed.

I'd never looked at Ian as anything but a friend before and I didn't want to start now. Plus he was destined to be with Yanna. I believed that with my whole heart.

I shook my head and smiled up at him. "No wolf, she's sleeping and-"

His eyebrows slammed down. "You could walk with us. Me and the boys will walk with you. They aren't going to be able to keep up with everyone anyway. It's more the fact they get the chance to be a part of this-"

Reaching up on my tiptoes I pressed my lips to his cheek and silenced him. Ian's eyes widened in shock.

"No," I shook my head but my words were firm. "Take the boys and have fun. I know you and Yanna will protect them."

His eyes darted towards the naked back of Yanna as she laughed at something one of her people were saying. "And who is going to protect me from her?" He countered in a deadly serious voice.

"Does she frighten you that much?" I teased and he shrugged but didn't answer. Really he didn't have to. I could see she did but she intrigued him just as much. He wouldn't want to admit it but there was lust there as well. An attraction he was fighting tooth and claw not to feel.

"Yes." He said flatly before he threw his head back and laughed. "But I think I'll survive as long as I don't talk or even look in her direction." He turned his full attention on me.  "It's fine that you don't want to come but what are you going to do? We will be gone a few hours at least."

Shrugging I glanced around. "I thought I might make sure all the food is ready and then maybe read on the porch. It's peaceful here." My voice turned wistful.

For a moment he just stared at me and then he nodded. "Please don't wander off though." His words were clipped as the moon sprang out of the clouds overhead. His whole body trembled with the appearance of it.

He needed to shift and run after so long trapped in his human skin. Reaching out I gave him a little push. "Go and have fun. Please don't lose my pups."

"I won't." Not bothering to look back he joined the mass of muscular back bodies and shifted. His wolf huge and shaggy in comparison and then they were gone. My boys between him and Yannas sleek cat. I watched them prance between the trees before turning back to the lodge.

I didn't go inside though. I knew I had said I was going to help with the food but I also knew that the elderly shifters didn't need my help.

I would only get in the way.

Instead I found one of the carved wooden seats that dotted the wrap around porch and pulled out my phone. It wasng as easy to navigate the doctors website on it compared to my laptop but that was at home.

I expected to see no one on my wait list so I was surprised to find one name there. Except it wasn't a name. It was a jumble of numbers.

Numbers that just so happened to be my birthday.

With trembling fingers I accepted the consultation.

Three dots appeared before I had even began to type.

"Thank you for talking to me again."

I stared at the typed words. My fingers frozen. In my chest my heart slammed against my ribs.

It was him again. The one I had slammed the laptop shut on before. He was here and waiting for me and I knew why because I knew who it was. 

My heart told me. Just like it was my heart that told me to open the app and see. Even with my rejection happening, he still called to me across the miles and like a weak fool I was powerless to do anything but go to him.

"Please don't end the session Cassie. I just want to talk to you."

I still couldn't move.

"I know it's you Cassie and I know you don't want to be found."

Dot dot dot as he typed even more and I still couldn't move. 

"I just want to make sure you are ok. We need to talk. I need you to understand." I could almost hear him sigh even though that was impossible.

"I can't Julian." I typed out quickly.

"Yes you can. Please Cassie, just let me explain."

A noise from behind me made me whirl. Goddess I was a fool to even be doing this. I knew it. Just like I knew this was going to break my heart all over again.

"Tomorrow at ten in the morning." My fingers rushed over the small keypad.

"Where?" His answer was instant,

"Here." 

And then I closed the app and shoved the phone into my pocket. Cursing myself for my weakness.

Because when it came to Julian it didn't matter what I told myself. I was the weakest creature in the pack.
###chapter 240
Julian

She didn't log back on at ten am, not the next day or any day that week. In fact she didn't sign back into that account at all. Which if I was honest with myself served me right.

I had no right to ask her to listen to me and it was selfish of me to think I deserved her time.

I didn't deserve anything but what was happening to me. And everything happening to me was bad. My popularity had plummeted since Megan's pregnancy had become public knowledge. It didn't seem to matter about the rumours about Cassie. No one in their right mind believed them.

They saw Cassie as the victim in all of this and of course that's what she had always been.

I would do anything to get her back, anything at all. And that's why I kept myself logged in to that damned doctors app twenty four hours a day in hope that she would show up.

Because even just seeing her name made me feel better. At least that way I knew she was ok. And I left money every day. So she could have something to treat the boys with. She didn't touch that money and neither did she touch the money in her accounts.

She had disappeared and was now little more than a name on a screen that gave me butterflies in my belly.

On the Thursday after I had last spoken to her , almost seven days later my phone buzzed from my nightstand. Sleep had almost taken me when it had happened so at first I was slow to realise what it meant.

Laying in there in the dark I listened to the sound of the alert going off for five whole seconds before I reached for my phone and my heart pounded in my chest the entire time.

Finally I pulled it towards me.

"We can't do this anymore."

Those five words were all she had typed. Nothing more , not even a hello.

Heaving myself into a sitting position I typed my reply quickly.

"You didn't show up the other day? I waited."

A pause and then. "And stop sending me money Julian."

"No."

Nothing.and then more nothing. If I'd been hoping it would cause her to argue back then I was sadly mistaken and maybe it was the wrong thing to do but I knew that if Cassie fought me she still cared.

"The money is there for the boys if they need anything. If they don't then you don't need to touch it. I just wanted to you have it."

"They aren't your sons."

I sighed. "Yes they are." My fingers flew over the touchpad. "I know why you said they weren't Cassie. Because you wanted to give me grounds to divorce you without losing my kingdom."

Silence. 

The quiet killed me more than anything else. The waking up in bed to quiet when I should have been able to hear her soft breaths next to me.

"I miss you." My fingers moved on their own accord. "I love you. Please."

"You can't do this to us anymore Julian." She answered quickly. "I've given you your freedom. Please give us ours."

Freedom? I frowned. Was that what she called this misery? Because I didn't feel free. I felt trapped but I had no words to tell her that. 

"Megan's baby isn't mine."

More silence. But then I had been expecting that. Cassie had no reason to believe me. 

"And I'm going to make this up to you."

"You can't. It's too late." There was a long pause between every word almost like Cassie was struggling to type through her tears. 

"I reject you Julian."

My heart stammered in my chest as pain lanced through me. "No Cassie, I do not accept that." 

And I didn't. I would never accept it. Cassie might reject me but she would always be my heart and soul.

"You don't have a choice now. Leave us alone and be happy. That's all I want Julian. For you to be happy."

"I am happy with you. Only you. Please just let me talk to you and explain. I know I can make you see the truth if you just give me a chance."

There was nothing for so long that I thought she had signed off and then those three little dots appeared again and I let out a sigh of relief.

"I've given you a thousand chances Julian. And every single time you have broken me in new and painful ways."

My heart stopped altogether as I read her words. Tears stung and pricked my eyes as I forced myself not to cry. The pain in her message was clear. So clear that I could almost taste it.

I had done that to her. Hurt her so badly that she felt there was no way back.

And it killed me.

"I just want to hear your voice." I tried again. "I just want to speak to you now and then. I won't ask where you are. I promise I'll leave you alone if you just give me the chance to explain myself. Let me show you how much I've changed."

"Ok."

One word and it felt like fresh life was breathed back into my body. I took a deep breath and a contentedness flowed through me. My shoulders relaxed.

"I can't talk now because Ian has just come in but-"

The screen went dead. Cassie had ended to chat because my best friend and second in command had just turned up.

Glancing at the clock I frowned. It was almost midnight. What was he doing out so late when he should have been protecting my family?

Not that I had any right to be jealous. At least he was there and protecting them , which was a damn sight more than what I was doing though.

That would change soon though.

All the pieces of my plans were slotting into place.
###chapter 241
Cassie

I didn't sign into the account again. I closed the whole thing down and when I told Ian he didn't ask why. The way his eyes narrowed when I told him spoke volumes. He already knew why, or at least he guessed. But he was kind enough not to press me to tell him about my stupidity.

And I was stupid because every atom of my being wanted to speak to him again. It didn't matter how much I told myself that I was well rid of the king I knew deep down in my heart that he would always have a hold on me.

Not least because the twins were looking more and more like their father every day. Even the way they spoke and moved reminded me of their father. 

Not that they mentioned him. Not once , not to me anyway. They might have talked to Ian about it but if they did, he didn't say anything to me.

Life just went on. A normal life which was exactly what I had wanted.

Only now I had it I missed Julian even more. It was almost like he lived on inside of me. The reason why I had such pain in my heart but I wasn't willing to dig it out and reject him once and for all.

So all of this suffering was my own fault.

Because I wasn't strong enough to reject him completely. Even thinking about it made my chest hurt.

"It's meant to get easier, not harder." I told my reflection in the bathroom mirror. Not that it would make any difference. I would still go to bed alone and with my husbands face invading my dreams.

It was easier when Ian was here but he had been coming back later and later the last few weeks. At first I had thought he had been sneaking off to see Yanna or some other female. I had even been happy for him. Right up until two days ago when I had found his blood stained shirt.

Whatever Ian was doing, it wasn't anything good.

Turning I glanced at my phone. Frowning at the dark screen like I expected it to light up and make my whole life better.

I couldn't log back on and see if he was waiting , could I? After weeks of being strong the urge to do it was unbearable.

I needed to see his name, or the jumble of numbers he used as a name anyway. Even if I didn't speak to him I needed to see if he was still there and waiting for me.

Grabbing the phone I moved down the hallway , peeking into the boys room I stared at them for a second. Both sleeping peacefully. Without a care in the world,

Didn't their father deserve to know they were ok? Didn't I owe Julian that if nothing else. I didn't have to have a conversation with him. I would just -

Closing their door softly I made my way into my own room and climbed into bed. The phone held in both of my hands as I sat there and slowly signed in.

And he was there. Right there waiting.

"I've missed you Cassie." His message popped up instantly.

"I just wanted you to know that the boys are well." 

I stared down at the words. So formal and informative. No emotion at all which was surprising because I was a big bundle of emotions right now.

I had been for the last few weeks.

"And are you well?"

"Yes Julian. Are you?" This was becoming dangerous now. Too much like a conversation. "I should go I just wanted you to know."

"Does Ian know you are talking to me?"

"No."

A pause and then he started typing only to stop. 

My phone lit up, a call through the app. No name and no number because this was all meant to be anonymous but I knew who it was.

What I didn't know was whether I should answer it or not.

"Answer Cassie. I just want to hear your ok for myself ok." His message popped up.

Ten seconds of staring at it later I hit the accept button and pressed the phone to my ear.

The sound of his breathing down the phone did funny things to my heart.

"Hello?" My voice came out little more than a whisper. 

"Oh Cassie." His groan was one of pure unadulterated need and I felt my heart flutter in my chest.

Other parts of me sprang to life as well. 

Parts that hadn't felt so alive in all the months since I had been here. 

"My love are you there?" He asked quietly when I stayed silent. 

Taking a deep breath I forced myself to speak in a normal voice. "I'm here Julian." I said quietly. "But I can't talk for long." I added for good measure. 

Even a few minutes was a bad idea. If Ian found out he would be furious with me. He would force us to move just in case Julian came looking for me.

"A few minutes is enough for now."

"Don't even try and trace this call Julian." I warned. "If you do then I will disappear."

"You have already disappeared and taken my children with you." He countered. "You didn't even give me a chance to explain."

Bad bad idea. The words kept rumbling around my head. I was so weak when it came to him. So under his spell that I had just risked everything just to hear his voice.

"What is there to explain Julian? You got your mistress pregnant and I left in such a way that you kept your kingdom." I sighed. "You should be thanking me , now do you want to talk about the boys."

"No." He growled out. "We will talk about the boys later. Right now I need to talk to you about the truth."

I blinked in the darkness. "And what is the truth Julian-?" I asked , holding my breath as I waited for his answer. Only no answer came.

The line was dead.
###chapter 242
Julian

The line went dead and with it the lights. Like someone had cut the power. Sitting up in bed with my dead laptop on my lap I fought the urge to curse. 

She'd been talking to me. I had actually heard her voice and it was even sweeter than I remembered. And then something had gone wrong.

A power cut?

No, I knew deep down that it wasn't that. The palace had back up generators. That meant someone had cut the power and there was only one person in the world clever and sneaky enough to do that.

Sitting up in bed, I quieted my breathing. Listening to the sound of the house and the staff that were now rushing around downstairs.

Only the danger wasn't from downstairs. The danger was right here in the room with me. Now I was concentrating I could hear the quiet shallow breaths of another person.

No, not another person.

There were three people in this room. One of which was me.

I sniffed, my nostrils flaring just the smallest amount as I tried to catch a hint of the persons scent but there was nothing.

It was almost like it was my imagination.

Slowly I turned my head every which way, trying to pick apart the shadows that hugged the walls.

"You're highness." A sharp knock on the door but I didn't turn my head towards it. My eyes were glued to the corner of the far wall. And in those shadows someone watched me.

"Are you ok my highness?" The stressed male voice came from the other side of the door. "We are checking the perimeter and your guards are on standby."

Still I didn't talk. I didn't blink either.

"Shall I get them to come here or would you prefer to move to a more secure location?"

A more secure location? The safe rooms. I realised with a start. The palace was full of them. Hidden behind the walls along with miles and miles of tunnels and passageways. I'd completely forgotten about them but I knew without question that the person lingering in my room hadn't.

That's how they had gotten in unseen. They had used those secret passageways. 

The guards could search all they liked, they would never find him or any threat because that threat was waiting patiently in the corner of my room and was much to clever to ever be caught.

Even by me.

"I'm fine where I am, thank you. All is well." It wasn't a lie. If my intruder wanted me dead then I would have been dead by now. That meant he wanted to talk.

Which suited me fine because I had plenty to say to him. Although I would have preferred to have been talking to my wife and not him.

"I am sure that's it's just a short circuit." I lied , my eyes glued to the corner when a deeper darker shadow was detaching itself from the others. The movement was so tiny that I wouldn't have been able to notice it if I hadn't been looking for it.

"Just call out if you need anything King Julian. Someone will be close by." 

I didn't move as the sound of footsteps moved back down the hallway. Silence fell again. Punctuated only by the sound of us all breathing.

"You can show yourself now." I said in a tired whisper.

Nothing moved for several long seconds and then something heavy hit the hardwood floor, my eyes darted downward to where something vaguely man shaped lay in a bloody heap.

"He has the answers you need Julian." A familiar voice murmured.

"And who is he?" In the darkness I couldn't see much of the man's features but I was guessing even in the light I would find it hard. His face was just a bloody pulp.

"The key to your destruction? Or if used correctly, maybe your salvation."

"It's not like you to talk in riddles, old friend?" I countered.

His laughter was mocking. "Am I still your friend Julian? Even with the lies I have told you."

I paused. "Lies upon lies but yes you are my friend. You are more than that you are my brother. I know why you did what you did. I know why you told those disgusting lies." 

There was an intake of breath. So quiet and subtle that I almost didn't hear it.

"Then take this friendly warning. Question him about the flash drive in his pocket. Study it. It will tell you all you need to know about the woman you are having a baby with-"

"I am not-"

"Then you know some of the truth already. Be careful with the knowledge Julian and do what you think is right but-"

I held my breath because I knew what he was going to say.

"I can't leave her alone."

We both knew I was talking about Cassie and not Megan.

"As long as Megan has her claws into you , you must. You have to choose Julian. Once and for all. You can't have both."

There was no choice , not really.

"If you cannot break free of the tangle you are in, you must let them go and be free. I know you have been in contact with her. She tried to hide it but I saw the doubt about what she was doing grow in her eyes. I heard your phone call to her just now. But you are going to get them killed ,Julian."

I sucked in a deep breath because everything he was saying was correct. 

"I love them." It sounded lame even to my own ears.

"If you love them. Truly love them, then you will let them go and be happy or you will sort this mess out once and for all and treat her the way she deserves to be treated."

I knew that as well. "I'm trying."

"Try harder." He snapped. 

"What if I can't make it safe for them?" Defeated I let my head drop. "What if-"

"Then know I will look after them  and love and protect them as if they were my own. And let that be enough for you , your highness."
###chapter 243
Cassie 

Ian was on the sofa when I woke up the next morning and one look at his face and I knew he hadn't slept.

In the predawn light streaming through the windows I studied him. At the blood drying on his split knuckles and the dark shadows under his eyes.

"Cassie." He didn't even turn to me, he just sat there as still as a statue. 

"Where have you been going?" I asked as I took the final steps down the stairs.

"It doesn't matter now. It is done. I won't have to leave again." Slowly like his movements were being forced on him he turned to me. His movements were jerky like he was a puppet on a string.

I stumbled across the distance between us, which wasn't far at all but seemed to take forever until I fell onto my knees in front of him. 

"What have you done Ian?" I whispered because it was pretty clear that he had done something and it was something bad. If the bloody shirt hadn't been a giveaway then the haunted look on his face would have been.

Now I knew what Ian was. He was in his heart Julian's second and that meant he had to do things that normal men couldn't. He was smart and cunning and completely ruthless when he needed to be.

"Why do you think I've done something?" He asked quietly.

I opened my mouth to tell him what I had found and closed it again as I stared at him. Ian might have done bad things but he wasn't a bad person. Anything he had done or might not have done he would have done it for me and the boys.

For our safety.

I wouldn't make him admit those things for me, it wouldn't have been fair on either of us.

"It doesn't matter." Because really it didn't and honestly it was probably best I didn't know. Safer that way I guessed. 

Heaving myself to my feet I stared down at his stricken face for a second and then sighed. "I'm going to make coffee, do you want one?"

Mutely he nodded.

Keeping busy was good, even if it was just doing something so mundane like brewing some coffee. It meant my hands were busy and gave my brain something to concentrate on.

"Ian?" I called out as the drip drip of the machine started and the beautiful aroma of the coffee started to perfume the air.

"Yes Cassie."

Goddess he sounded tired. 

"Would you take me out tonight after work?"

There was no answer from him. Only the sound of the couch cushions rubbing together as he shifted his weight to look at me.

"Sure, is there something you need to pick up?" He said finally.

"No." Not turning to him I dumped an abnormally huge amount of sugar in his mug. "I would just like to go out for dinner." Stir stir stir. "Maybe a movie or something. I can ask Yanna to sit with the boys and-"

"Are you sure you will have time for that Cassie?" 

The way he said it made me pause. "What do you mean? It's only dinner. Not a real date. I mean-" I didn't know why I was stuttering all of a sudden but I was as nervous as any teenage girl asking her crush to prom. 

I didn't even like Ian like that. I could see he was a handsome man but I didn't lust after him. 

"So you want me to go on a date with you?" His voice was so close that I whirled around and banged straight into his chest. Shrieking, I placed both hands on his chest as he leant in closer. Trapping me against the cabinets with his arms.

My eyes darted from his eyes to his lips which were so much closer to mine than they should have been. 

Was Ian going to kiss me? Was he? And if he did what would I do? Never in my entire life had I thought about what his lips would feel like on mine.

"Are you sure you want me to date you Cassie?" His head ducked lower and my eyes widened. "Are you sure you will have time?"

My eyebrows shot up into my hairline. "Time?"

"Away from your secret little conversations? Or are we still calling it work?" He cocked his head to the side. 

I swallowed hard. "You-"

How had he known? Especially how had he known that last night I had spoken to Julian. 

I frowned.

Unless he had heard that conversation. I knew he hadn't been home and that meant-

I lifted my eyes to him accusingly. The only other place he could have heard was if he was with Julian and if he had been with Julian then what had he been doing there.

"What did you do?" I whispered again. "Did you hurt him?" I couldn't help the pain in my voice as I remembered how the call had gone dead. Had that been Ian's doing?

For several long heartbeats Ian stared down into my eyes and then he sighed and stepped back. "I thought you didn't care Cassie?" He accused and I remained silent. "But you don't need to worry, your king is unharmed."

"But you were there?"

"Yes." He said with hesitation. "I paid our king a visit and delivered a message." His eyes crinkled. "Or a present. Depending on how you look at it I guess."

"Which was?"

Steadily he looked at me. "Hopefully a way for you to go home. I'm not dumb Cassie. Even with the rejection taking hold I know you want him. You can't help yourself. But I won't let you go back-"

"You won't let me go back?" I shrieked because how dare he?

"Not unless he has made things safer for you. Not until he makes it right and if he can't then he has agreed that you shouldn't." 

"But he wants to make things right?" I couldn't help the hope in my voice because I was a well educated , strong independent fool of a romantic and I was in love with my husband.

Ian rolled his eyes. "Go and get ready for work Cassie. Just go and get ready."
###chapter 244
Cassie

Work was busier than usual and that was a good thing because it kept me from mulling over my own thoughts too closely. Not that I managed to banish Julian out of my mind completely. I'd never been good at that. He was always there in the back of my mind and today was no different.

Still it was good to be busy and that's what I was. There was a nasty stomach bug and cough going through the town and it felt like half of the population under twelve were coming down with it. 

I just hoped Niall and Noah didn't. And I was sure they wouldn't. As shifters they had stronger immune systems then most of their peers.

By the time six pm chimed and the receptionist called their goodbyes I was exhausted. Kicking off my shoes under the desk I leant back on the chair and closed my eyes. I may have even drifted off because I didn't hear Ian come in before he cleared his throat.

"Are you ready to go?"

My eyes snapped open. He looked better and had clearly washed up and slept but there was a wariness in his voice. Almost like he didn't know how to treat me and I couldn't blame him for that.

I had told him I was done with Julian and my old life and he had risked everything to get me away and now he knew- no we both knew I wasn't done at all.

"Where are we going?" A headache was starting and I pinched the skin between my eyebrows to try and stop it.

His eyes widened. "You asked if I would take you out so that's what I am going to do. I've packed a bag and dropped the boys off at Yannas. She's going to have them for a few days."

Opening my mouth to ask the burning question in my mind which was huh? I snapped it shut again. "I completely forgot." I admitted and watched as a smile tugged at his lips.

"I thought you might and that's why the actual date." He air quoted. "Is tomorrow."

"Then why did you take the boys-"

He strode forward and again I was floored with how masculine he was. A true protector. Yanna was going to be a very lucky woman. When they sorted their shit out anyway.

"Because your exhausted Cassie. So tonight we will go to a hotel. A nice one. I've made the reservations already. We can eat out at the restaurant or you can order room service and just kick back and relax."

I studied him for a second. My heart beating painfully fast in my chest. "Me and you in a hotel room?" I whispered.

Yes we shared a bed most nights but that didn't mean anything. Going away to a hotel and sharing a bed seemed a lot more intimate.

Dirty nights away were what real couples did.

And we weren't a real couple.

Catching my look, his grin widened. "The look on your face is a picture Cassie. I'm not trying my luck with you." His eyes crinkled. "I mean you're a great looking woman but you aren't interested in me." He held up a hand to silence me before I could even speak. "I've booked two hotel rooms. We have been in each others pockets a lot lately and I think we both need some space." A look I couldn't read flickered across his face. "If you know what I mean."

At first I didn't and then it hit me in a rush. Blushing I ducked my head and his laughter met my nervous giggle.

"I'm sorry I didn't even think about your-" I stuttered. "Needs."

He shrugged. "I think we had more important things to think about but -" another shrug. "Unless of course you think we would be best sharing a room after all. I mean we are both adults," he left the rest unsaid.

I did a double take. 

Ian laughter bubbled up. "Exactly, neither one of us wants to fuck the other. It's what makes this ruse work."

"It's not that I don't find you handsome." I added quickly. "Because anyone with eyes and a working vagina would."

He laughed even harder. "Well thanks I think and same for you but we both know I'm not the one your vagina wants,"

I blushed harder. Why exactly were we talking about my vagina like it was a separate entity?

" So I have got you this." Reaching into his pocket he slid an old cracked phone across the desk towards me.

"What is it?"

"It's a phone Cassie." He said patiently. "It's seen better days but the line is secure. There's only one number programmed in. And that one is also secure."

He stared at me and waited for me to catch up and I got it, I really did but I still didn't move to pick up the phone.

"You can use it in the hotel room I have booked for you. If you wanted to call and talk to the man who you want in your bed." He said quietly.

Not that I needed him to spell it out.

"Tomorrow we are going to the ballet. Scarlett's dance school are part of a much bigger production and I thought you might enjoy it but tonight-"

Slowly I reached out and drew the phone towards me. "Thank you."

"I mean it Cassie. Tonight in that hotel room you can do whatever you want to. There's no judgement from me?"

I met his eyes. "There isn't?"

He gave a one shoulder shrug. "Ok I'm judging hard but your life is yours to mess up. Just try not to make more work for me please. I quite like it here."

"I like it here as well." I admitted. "I won't do anything to jeopardise us, I promise. I might not even phone him and if I do I will keep it short and to the point."

"Really?" He chuckled.

"Not like that Ian. I meant I'll talk to him about the kids and-"

Ian shook his head. "What a waste of a phone call Cassie. What I giant waste."

"What? I don't know what you mean."

"Of course you don't Cassie," he rolled his eyes. "Of course you don't."
###chapter 245
Julian

I had just washed off the blood from Duncan from my body when the phone rang. Not my normal phone but the last one Ian had ever given me. We always changed phones regularly for more private conversations. And honestly I had completely forgotten about the last one he had given me and left it in my nightstand.

How it was still charged I didn't know but I was glad of it because after a day getting information from Megan's real lover I wanted to know if Ian knew everything they had been up to.

Years and years of swindling and bribery. I was just the latest of their victims. The shining jewel in their crown so to speak. They had done so many bad things. Including murder. Or so Duncan had told me, after I had snapped every finger anyway.

I didn't enjoy violence for violence sake but I was good at it and this was important. I needed all the information I could get if I was going to bring Megan down and get my family back and if that meant getting bloody and doing terrible things then I would do it. 

Wrapping a towel around my waist I grabbed at the phone just as it was about to click on to answer phone.

"I'm glad you called,Ian." I said as I turned to stare at myself in the full length mirror. "He's been talking. A lot and I think I have the last few things I needed to bring their whole ruse down."

Silence met my ears. 

"Hello? Are you there,Ian?"

More silence and then a soft out breath and my stomach flipped over.

"Cassie?" I knew it was her, she didn't need to speak. I could tell just by that little exhale and the way my body reacted to it.

I had thought I'd wanted to speak to Ian but this was so much better.

"Cassie is that you." Going to the closed bedroom door I locked it. I knew that the room wasn't sound proof but it didn't make any difference. My staff wouldn't come up this part of the house now unless I called them.

I didn't plan on calling them.

"Hi." Her voice was a little timid. Almost like she wasn't sure whether she should be doing this or not.

"Hey my love. Is everything ok?" It was the most mundane thing to ask but I didn't want to scare her off.

"Yes." Her voice faltered. "I'm sorry this was a mistake."

My stomach bottomed out. She was having second thoughts and if I let that happen she would end the call. After last nights phone call had ended so abruptly I had wondered when I would hear from her next.

Or even if I would hear from her again.

"I shouldn't have called."

"Of course you should have. I was just expecting Ian when this phone rang." An uneasy feeling settled over me. "Is everything ok? Why do you have Ian's phone. Has he been hurt?" I didn't even take a breath. "Are you and the boys safe."

Her laugh was a little nervous. "The boys are fine and with a friend."

"A friend?" I parroted back.

"Yes we have friends. They have lots of friends actually and Ian is fine. He booked us into a hotel for -"

Rage engulfed me. "He got you a hotel?" My eyebrows slammed down. Why the hell was my second and closest friend getting a hotel for him and my wife? 

Was something going on there? Were the rumours more true than I thought.

"He said I needed a break." She said and it made me wonder how she was really doing. I was just about to ask when she spoke again. "He gave me this phone just in case I wanted to speak to you."

Sitting on the edge of the bed I found myself smiling. Nothing to worry about then, not between Ian and Cassie. He had given her the phone and I would never forget that act of kindness.

"And you wanted to speak to me?" Pushing myself back I settled back into the over plumped pillows and smiled to myself. 

The fact that she had called meant it wasn't completely over between us.

"I just- um the boys are enjoying school."

"That's good. And you said they had friends?" I asked trying to keep my voice neutral. 

Instantly she began talking. Sounding every bit the proud mum and I loved that for her. She could talk freely when it was about our sons.

I listened as she went on and on and not once did I stop smiling even though listening to her made me sad. They had begun a new life and were living it to the full. Something I should have been a part of but wasn't because of my own mistakes.

Finally she took a breath and my grin grew.

"And what about you? Do you have friends?" I probed.

"Yes, a few. The girls I work with, some of the other parents and-" she fell silent and my eyes snapped open.

"And who Cassie?" My voice shook with the effort it was taking me to stay calm.

She didn't answer me.

"Is there someone special in your life that you don't want to tell me about?" I sent up a silent prayer to the goddess that there wouldn't be because I didn't know how I would deal with that.

"No." She whispered. "No one special. I'm not over you."

"And I'll never be over you Cassie." I murmured. "It's always you that's in my mind when I-"

"Julian." 

"I think about you every second of the day Cassie. Please stop this foolish rejection and come home. Be mine again." 

She didn't say a word and I sighed.

"Could I see you? Not in person I know that's not safe. But the phones have cameras. All you have to do is turn it on and I could see your beautiful face."