###Chapter 1: Grace
I closed my eyes and tried to breathe. I was okay. It was just a noise. I wasn’t in danger. I was just in the kitchen.

I looked down to see the blood now coating my hand. I had managed to slice my finger when I dropped the knife. I could hear the snickering from the other servants in the kitchen. They liked to make loud noises just to get a reaction from me. They liked to do anything that made me cringe and shut off for a moment.

It was common knowledge in the packhouse that I was not only wolfless, but I had killed my stepmother, the beloved luna in the pack, at least that’s what Kinsley, my half-sister and now the Luna, had told everyone after it happened.

My dad, who had never loved me, threw me in the dungeons for years when Kinsley had told him I was the one responsible. I never was able to keep track of time down there, so I’m not sure how long it really was, but it was long enough to know that I had missed out on a lot of my life. I mean, even before that Kinsley told everyone that I had killed her mother, so I was bullied.

Everyone knew that my mother had died shortly after giving birth, which I was once again blamed for, and that my father, the Alpha of our pack had no interest in me. I mean, I was his mistress’s daughter. He already had an heir. He didn’t need or want me, and it showed.

“Grace.” A voice snapped me out of my thoughts.

I looked up at Kathy. Kathy was in charge of all the servants in the house. My mother has supposedly entrusted me with her when she died, but there wasn’t an ounce of affection in her eyes. I was just another servant, regardless of who my father was.

I had had chores from the time that I could walk, but they always took me twice as long because Kinsley liked to mess up whatever I was doing. If I was cleaning the floors, she’d come in and get mud on them. If I was cooking, she’d change the temperature of the oven so my food wouldn’t cook or would burn. The list would go on, always getting me in trouble. Always making me look incompetent. But I was not incompetent.

I learned how to guard my work, so it wasn’t messed with. I sat next to the stove, or pretended I didn’t know she was there, so I could fix it immediately.

I always knew when Kinsley was around. She was what everyone wanted to be. People envied her. Girls wanted to be her, and boys wanted to be with her. Her long black hair reached her hips, and her eyes were the same blue as mine, but on her they were stunning. Our eyes were the only thing about us that was similar though. She had beautiful olive skin and had filled out in all the right places. I was pale and basically a stick with pale blonde hair, but I guess that’s what happens when you aren’t fed properly for years.

I learned quickly it was better to just keep quiet than to complain. Complaining only made things worse, my ribs could attest to that. I wore long sleeves to hide the bruises that often littered my body. Everyone knew what was happening to me. Ever since my father died, and Kinsley became Luna, she had made it an open invitation for me to get knocked around, scolded, or verbally abused. Her husband, if possible, was even more aggressive. I hated the pair of them. It might not technically be father’s pack anymore since Adrian was an alpha in his own right, but this pack was being run into the ground. I might not have mattered to him, but I hated that all that power went to two truly evil people.

“You’re bleeding all over the apples.” Kathy barked when I got lost in my head again.

I nodded and moved to the other side of the sink and began to wash the blood off my hands.

I hated the sight of blood. When I was in dungeon after the luna had been murdered, I had seen more than my fair share of it. It always coated my skin and matted my hair and pooled around me. It always threw me back there. I was only out of the dungeon, so that Kinsley could keep a closer eye on me. Before she had had to torment me outside of the Luna's eye when we were younger. Then after the Luna died, she had to follow my dad’s orders of me being locked away killing everyone he ever loved. But when he died, she had free reign. She wanted my punishments to be public. It wouldn’t be real if it wasn’t in front of people. I was a part of a show that I never auditioned for, but Kinsley and Adrian made sure I knew my place. And that was the lowest of the low on stage for everyone to see.

I didn’t bother wrapping my finger. I didn’t heal as quickly as the other werewolves I knew, but it had already stopped bleeding, and that had to be good enough for me because I wasn’t allowed to treat my injuries no matter how they occurred according to Kinsley’s stupid rules.

I went back to the apples I had been cutting for the pies we were supposed to be making. There was a whisper all around that someone big was coming to the pack from the north. Everyone knew a meal like we were cooking was above and beyond what they made on a normal day. I just hoped I wouldn’t be expected to be their entertainment.

I felt her before I heard her. It was like the air turned cold around us, but maybe it was just me.

“Grace!” Kinsley shrieked.
###Chapter 2: Grace
Kinsley marched over to where I was at the sink, causing everyone to look at her but me. I didn’t move. I couldn’t move. I forced my body not to show her that I was scared. I was 20 years old, but I still felt like I was a child. Why couldn’t she just for one day leave me alone?

I felt the sting of the whip as it shredded through my shirt with ease. I stood unmoving. Kinsley would not see me break. She had done enough damage to last a lifetime, but I would not let her see.

I braced myself against the counter as the whip swished again. This was her favorite form of torture. My back was covered in old scars and new marks alike and there wasn’t an ounce of it that didn’t have some sort of mark. I think she liked the whip so much because she could carry it around and pull it out whenever she saw me. Sometimes it was a quick 1, 2, and and other times she prolonged it so she could have her fun. This was the worst of it though, this was Kinsley angry, and angry Kinsley was the worst.

“What the hell do you think you're doing?!” Kinsley shouted. “You are supposed to be upstairs cleaning, not in the fucking kitchen! What the hell is wrong with you?!”

I didn’t say anything as I dropped to my knees as she continued to crack the whip.

“We. Have. An. Important. Guest. Coming. And you. Are supposed to. Be. Out. Of. Sight. You pathetic excuse of a person! And not to mention you bled on the freaking apples!”

Kinsley was breathless as she spewed her words out like the venom they were. I hated her. I hated who she had made me become. I hated the shadow that I lived under because of her. But I kept myself upright with that hate making no noise.

I couldn’t breathe as I was fighting to remain conscious. The whip stopped, but I felt her grab my hair, forcing me to look up at her.

“You will go clean upstairs and if I so much as see you before our guests leave, then it will be a night in the dungeons, and I will let the guards do what they want with you.” She hissed in my ear, just loud enough for me to hear.

Tears filled my eyes as the pain intensified. I attempted to nodded, but her grip was so firm in my hair that I could barely move.

“Will you behave?” Kinsley sneered.

I nodded again. Talking out loud only ever got me in trouble.

“Get out of my sight.”

Kinsley released me, and I struggled not to fall forward and smash my face into the counters edge. I took a deep breath and worked to stabilize myself. I’m fine. I’m fine. I’m fine. My mantra repeated in my head as I stumbled to my feet. The lack of food now combined with the pain had my head spinning.

“You are getting blood all over my floor.” Kinsley said in disgust.

I nodded, grabbing the mop from the corner of the room, doing my best not to move too slowly and gingerly so she would not have an excuse to come at me again... not that she really needed one.

I mopped up the mess I had made in the kitchen, and then went to closet that held uniforms and cleaning supplies. I put on a new shirt and a dress over top of the two I was wearing. I had learned a long time ago that if I did this, the shirts would sort of act like a bandage. I used to be afraid that Kinsley would be angry about me ruining so many outfits, but she seemed to love that she could make me bleed through my layers. It was like a challenge or something to her.

Once everything was in place and as secure as I could make it, I grabbed the cleaning supplies I needed and headed upstairs. The stairs were much worse than I imagined them to be, and I was panting by the time I reached the top, my eyes filling with tears that I couldn’t fight anymore.

I ducked into the first room on the right, it was a sitting area that was rarely used, but sometimes if we had guests it was available to them, so I figured I would start there. I let the large mahogany door shut behind me, and I immediately gave into my need to make myself as small as possible. The pain was excruciating, and my head was spinning, and for just a moment I wanted to just let myself feel it, to let myself cry.

I had only been crouched for a moment when I heard movement on the other side of the room. My panic immediately ensued, realizing I had walked in on someone utilizing this space, not the empty room I had assumed it to be.

I heard a glass get set on the side table, but didn’t move. Terror filled me more.

“Well, stand up,” A voice I didn’t recognize called out from across the room. “And tell me who you are.”

My eyes widened as I looked up at him. He had chocolate brown hair and a light tan and sharp green eyes. He was young, maybe in his early to mid 20’s. I struggled to bring my breathing back to normal. He was the most handsome man I had ever seen, and all I could think was that I wanted to run my fingers through his hair. I forced myself to stand and wiped away my tears. This man didn’t know me. He didn’t need to see my troubles. I would be in so much trouble if anyone found out I had crossed his path. I could only guess he was with the visitors I was told to stay away from.

The door behind me opened. Alpha Adrian was smiling, looking at the man now standing before us both, but his face fell the second his eyes landed on me, shock and disgust filling his gaze.

“Alpha King Rhys.” Adrian attempted to mask his disgust. “I must apologize. This foolish servant didn’t realize we would be meeting here.”

I nodded meekly. This was the Alpha King. Nothing good could come from me stumbling through here.

Adrian grabbed me roughly by the shoulders and started to move. “She will be going now.”

“She can speak for herself.” The Alpha King’s aura made us both freeze. “What’s your name girl?”
###Chapter 3: Grace
I didn’t move. Adrian was standing between me and the Alpha King, his hands still tight on my shoulders. I swallowed. Speaking only ever got me in trouble. There wasn’t a chance I would say a word in front of Adrian.

“She’s mute.” Adrian growled, annoyed, he had to speak for me, even though it was his rule. He turned us back around to face the alpha king. Even as powerful as Adrian was, he didn’t think it was wise to have his back to the King.

I watched the Alpha King sniff the air, and I tried not to cringe at the thought.

“She has no scent.” The Alpha King frowned as he looked at me intensely, like I was somehow tricking him.

“She has no wolf.” Adrian answered, his tone bored. There was nothing he hated more than talking about me. “Completely worthless is what she is.”

The Alpha King’s frown deepened in confusion as he studied me. I stood there silently trying to pull myself together. I refused to cry. I met his eyes as he searched for answers that I couldn’t give.



“I told you to stay out of sight!” The door slammed behind Kinsley as she entered and saw Adrian with his hands on my shoulders. I had known she was coming, but it didn’t make this situation any easier.

Adrian turned me toward Kinsley as she reared her arm back and slapped me across the face. My cheeks immediately heated with embarrassment, and this time I couldn’t hold back the tears. I watched her arm rear back again so she could get more force, but before she could, the Alpha King interrupted.

“What are you doing?” His voice held mild interest, but his face was blank, and I found myself dying to know what he was thinking.

“Putting this bitch in her place.” Kingsley seethed, but her hand didn’t continue forward.

“Do you treat all your servants like this?” The Alpha King’s voice was calm, but there was something underlying in his tone that I didn’t know what to do with. His face was still passive, but there was a part of me that thought he might care. He wouldn’t be asking the question if he didn’t, right?

Kinsley, being the drama queen she was, immediately burst into fake tears.

“I’m so sorry. I’m just a little on edge! Emily killed my mother and seeing her is just so hard! She is just simply paying for her crimes, but I shouldn’t have lost my temper just now. I was just so worried she would try to hurt you as well.”

More tears filled my eyes, and I cried silently, but I didn’t dare move. I never killed my stepmother. She was the only person who had ever been kind to me. Why would I have killed her? The thought made my heart hurt, but the accusations were nothing I hadn’t heard before.

“Get out, Grace. You are making Kinsley upset. We will address this later.” Adrian snarled.

The Alpha King hummed. “She killed your mother? She looks to be what, 16? 18? Didn’t your mother die years ago?”

I stood frozen in my spot, not daring to look up or even breathe. Kinsley also seemed to be struck speechless. It was rare for her to ever be called out.

“She died 6 years ago.” Kinsley finally answered after a long moment. “Grace was 14. Old enough to know better.”

“I see.”

I looked up from the spot on the ground I was staring at and found the Alpha King’s eyes staring at me attentively. I couldn’t make him see that I was set up. I would never win that battle. No one ever believed me. It was best to exit now before my punishment got worse. I nodded my head once and started to move toward the door.

“I’d actually like to take her back to the North with me.” The Alpha King declared; the tone of his voice dared them to challenge him. “This matter should have been addressed with me when it happened. I do not take kindly to those who do not follow protocols.”

I froze. What did he mean he wanted to take me back north? Did he want to punish me himself? Another round of unknown time in a dungeon? No. I can’t go through that again. I felt my body start to shake from fear or pain, I wasn’t sure which, but it didn’t matter.

“What would you want with a murderer?” Kinsley asked, but it was more of a demand, clearly not hearing the challenge in his voice.

“I’d like to think of it as more of a peace offering. You have no need to keep a murderer in your ranks, and I think I can find a use for her. We have plenty of roles that need filled.” The Alpha King’s voice was calm and he was speaking to them, but he never took his eyes off me. There was a fire in the look he was giving me. “I don’t like repeating myself, but this matter should have been brought to me when it happened.”

I wondered if he believed Kinsley’s story because the thought of him believing it made me feel sick. I wondered how much worse going with the King would be than my current situation. Adrian was strong, but the Alpha King’s body was clearly something he had worked on. His aura was also stronger than Adrian’s, and it made it even harder to breathe. I reached for the wall, trying to steady myself. I didn’t know which answer would be worse, but going with the Alpha King terrifed me.

“Do we require a peace offering?” Adrian hummed. I knew what he was thinking, he was reluctant to let go of his favorite punching bag, aka, me.

“We do, indeed.” The King smirked, and I tried to steady my breathing. This could not be happening. “Before we can even begin negotiations, but I’m sure we will reach an agreement.”

“Then I guess we have a deal, Alpha Rhys.”
###Chapter 4: Rhys
I stood outside the packhouse waiting for Grace. I didn’t like that she was out of my sight already and I had only just met her. I rubbed a tired hand over my face. There was little that I ever felt helpless about. I was the Alpha King for a reason. I was known for being proactive and running a tight ship, but the fact that this girl had been living with those people under those circumstances made my heart hurt. How could I have not noticed what was happening in the last 6 years under my own reign? It had me questioning everything.

My beta, Leon, reminded me that it was impossible to know everything. But something about the incident today had me questioning everything, especially within this pack. There was more going on here than what met the eye, and I intended to do some digging into exactly what was being hidden. The alliance was now nothing but a ploy to learn more.

Of course, I had been travelling pack to pack for a while now. I always told everyone that I wanted to see what was happening within my reign, and that was true... But I had an ulterior motive too. I had yet to meet my fated mate, so I was casually searching for her as well. My Kingdom needed a Luna. I had tried taking a choosen mate several times, but it had never felt right, they always wanted the title, not me.

I had learned a lot about my people on my travels, but nothing had been this blatantly wrong. A 14-year-old girl had killed her stepmother? My chest hurt at the thought. This girl looked like she could barely hold a spoon, let alone actually murder someone. There was something about her that was just captivating. I longed for my mate. I knew my reaction to this girl was mostly because I was lonely, but I would feed into it a little. This girl would give me something other than war to focus on, and I could let the anger in me simmer down knowing she was coming with me.

I looked up as I heard yelling coming from within the house. I recognized Luna Kinsley’s screech directed at Grace. The mute girl who would be coming home with me. God, what was I doing here?

The front door opened, and my simmering anger reaches a boiling point as I see that Luna Kinsley has a tight grip on Grace’s arm. Grace’s brown hair, which had been in a loose ponytail at the base of her neck when I had seen her five minutes ago, now was sticking out in every direction. Her pale face looked, if possible, paler, but her expression gave nothing away to how she was feeling.

Alpha Adrian stood at the top of the stairs to the packhouse, but did not approach me with Luna Kinsley and Grace. However, I noticed the way his eyes never left Grace. They way his gaze raked her body. I suppressed a growl and forced my expression to remain stoic. My wolf was going crazy in the back of my head. I was getting her the hell out of here.

“Alpha Rhys,” Luna Kinsley smiled, leading Grace over to me. “I really don’t mind keeping her here. I in no way want to inconvenience you.” She batted her eyes at me in a way that I was sure was supposed to be flirtatious, but it just made me feel sick.

“No inconvenience at all.” I assured her in my most

“Is that all you have?” I frowned, my attention now on Grace as my wolf paced uneasily in the back of my mind.

She was only carrying a single bag that looked like it had to be 100 years old and had been through war. The handle was all but falling off, and bag itself was maybe the size of a larger purse that looked to be practically empty.

Grace nodded. It was the first direct answer I had received from her, and my heart did a weird flutter at it.

“Okay then.” I answered, reaching my hand out for her. “Let’s go.”

Grace nodded again, reaching for my hand; it was so small in mine, it made me feel sick. However, instead of looking up at me, she looked back at Luna Kinsley, who was still holding her other arm.

“Is there a problem, Luna?” I asked coldly, finally showing my displeasure over the whole situation.

“Of course not,” Luna Kinsley began to cry as she let go of Grace. “It’s just she’s my only sister, and sure, she’s made mistakes, but I am just so sad to be letting her go.”

Grace looked disgusted at the notion, but didn’t say anything, and I tried to ignore the memory of her in tears 20 minutes ago.

“I’m sure the sentiments are shared.” I lied, ushering Grace into the car.

I climbed in behind her and slammed the door. I didn’t want to be in this place a second longer.

Grace crawled across the backseat and curled up in a ball.

I started chatting with my Beta Leon for a while going over pack business. I turned back to Grace to ask a question, when I noticed her eyes were wide with terror, and shaking from head to toe.

My heart pounded as I pulled her onto my lap and ran my fingers through her tangled brown hair. Her heartbeat immediately skyrocketed, and I wondered if I had made the right decision, but then it started to slow down again, and I felt better about my choice to hold her.

She looked up at me, her dark eyes questioning what I was doing. I gave her a small smile that I hoped was reassuring. My own heartbeat began to race, and I felt myself pull her closer. My wolf didn’t say anything as we just stared at the girl we had rescued. It was the first time he had ever willingly accepted me bringing home a girl. My gaze dropped to her lips, and I wondered what they would taste like. If she would taste as bland as she was portrayed or if maybe she’d have a hidden sweetness.

My gaze dropped again, and I scanned her torn up servant’s dress with a frown, snapping me out of my thoughts before I got impulsive. She may have been illegitimate daughter of an Alpha, but she was still the daughter of an alpha. She should have been treated better than this. I wondered how she would look in normal clothes. The thought had me fighting back images of a girl who was not sitting on my lap terrified, but of a future girl, who would be so stunning it was hard to even imagine, but I could see it now. She could be my future...

“Leon, she will need new clothes.”

Leon’s eyes met mine through the rearview mirror, and I could feel his hesitancy rolling off him in waves.

“Of course, sir, but what size is she?”

I frowned. How was I supposed to know? I didn’t buy women’s clothes. I placed my hands around her waist trying to use my hands as guide. She shivered at my touch. She was nothing but skin and bones, and my heart clenched at the thought. I felt her tense in my arms and put my hands back casually around her and fought my wolf not to make an appearance at this sudden new revelation.
###Chapter 5: Grace
I took a deep breath, closed my eyes and tried to hide the fear and pain I felt as he touched me. Not a single part of me liked this. He was nice and all, but I couldn’t go through that again. Anything but that...

“You tensed.” The Alpha King commented.

I pulled away from him as he moved me off his lap. His eyes were staring intensely at me, and I couldn’t help but cower away from him. I didn’t want to show my fear, but I was exhausted, so my body was betraying me.

“Are you hurt?” The Alpha King demanded, his eyes narrowing at the thought.

I shook my head no, immediately. I knew how this would go. I would be in so much trouble if I was honest. I had been through this scenario before. Kinsley would ask me if I was hurt, and if I showed the pain, she’d say she’d give me something to cry about. Every time it was worse than whatever the first pain had been.

“Grace, you can tell me if something hurts, okay? I can help.” The Alpha King tried again in a softer voice.

I shook my head again and turned toward the window. I couldn’t remember the last time I had been in a car. I had been maybe seven or eight, and my stepmom, Luna Ava. It had been one of the rare occurrences she had talked my father into letting me out of the house. It had been my birthday, and we went and got ice cream, and I had been able to get a new book. It was one of my favorite memories.

This car though, moved faster than I remembered. Everything passed by my window in a blur, and it made my tummy turn. If there was anything in my stomach, I probably would have thrown up, but it had been a few days since I had had more than a few slices of bread to eat. I was glad that the Alpha King had stopped talking. It was one less thing that I had to focus on. As everything rushed by, exhaustion filled every piece of my soul, and I could feel it deep in my bones. I wasn’t used to sitting still this long. My eyelids grew heavy, and I fought sleep with every ounce of my being. This was not the place to drift off. I didn’t know these people. I didn’t know where I was going. I couldn’t just give in. Who knows what the punishment for such a thing would be, but I didn’t want to find out.

My eyes fluttered open as a pair of strong arms wrapped around my knees and under my shoulders. I tried not to flinch in pain, but I couldn’t help but gasp in surprise. The Alpha King was carrying me! He didn’t even seem to hesitate to pick up a lowly criminal such as myself. What kind of man was he? He wasn’t at all like I had expected so far.

“You’re awake.” He stated the obvious.

I nodded, burying my face into his shirt before quickly stopping. I might have fallen asleep in his presence, and he might have decided to carry me, but that didn’t mean things weren’t going to go south real quick with one wrong move.

“Did you sleep well?” He asked.

I was surprised by his question, but I nodded again. I had slept better than I normally did. Normally, I had nightmares and woke up screaming, which then in turn would cause Kinsley or Adrian or one of their other minions to come and punish me for the commotion. I shuttered at the memory, however the Alpha King either didn’t notice or pretended not to.

“Should I keep carrying you or would you like to walk?” He asked, his voice husky with something I didn’t recognize.

I immediately showed him two fingers, meaning I wanted the second option, and I hoped he understood.

He frowned at first, but then complied with my wishes, gently setting me on my feet. The relief I felt was immediate now that there was less pressure on my back.

I sighed and looked around. I had forgotten the very presence I was in: The Alpha King’s. And this wasn’t just some random packhouse. This was a small castle. A mansion to the utmost degree. And it was stunning.

The exterior was a pale grey stone full of windows and covered in vines. We stood in the driveway, but on each side was lined with the most exquisite landscape. Bushes, trees and flowers, all shaped and perfectly positioned to be the most aesthetically pleasing. I had never seen something so beautiful in my life.

“Do you like it?” The Alpha King looked nervous as he ran his hand through his hair, his eyes meeting mine.

I gave him a small smile and nodded. I loved it. But then I frowned. It would be so hard to maintain though. I had no idea how to shape everything so nicely or which flowers would grow well here. And the house was huge. I couldn’t possibly keep up with everything that needed to be done.

I took a shaky deep breath and tried to calm my nerves. Whatever was going to happen, will happen, and I would handle it the way I’ve always had.

The Alpha King frowned at me, but again, didn’t comment. “Let me show you the inside,” He tried.

I nodded but found myself not really paying attention to anything as we walked. Everything looked expensive, and I would ruin it all with one touch. This was the game, wasn’t it? To see how much trouble I could get in on my first day in my new... could it even be called my home?

“Grace.” A sharp voice drew me back to the present. We were back in the gorgeous, ginormous foyer that we started in that held a velvet couch and statues and what I could only assume to be very expensive art pieces.

I looked up at the Alpha King, his eyes softening a little as they met mine.

“I know this has been very overwhelming.” The words seemed hard for him to say. “But here, you are not a servant or a slave. You are not a criminal. You are here to be my bride, Grace. We will be married, and I will mark you.”
###Chapter 6: Grace
I stepped away from the Alpha King in shock, but he grabbed my hand pulling me back to him, just leaving a little bit of distance.

Why would he want me? I was nothing. I was worse than nothing. I was mute. I was a criminal. I was undeserving of any good thing ever. So why? Did he truly not believe Kinsley’s story? Or was there more at play here? Was this a cruel joke and this wasn’t the Alpha King at all?

I was sure Alpha King Rhys could sense my turmoil. I was not fit to be anyone’s bride, let alone the Alpha King’s, but he didn’t say anything. He just led me on, up the steps and through another glorious hallway to a door. He held his hand up to a small pad on the door, and it made a buzzing of acknowledgment as the door opened by itself.

I jumped back in surprise, but the Alpha King kept a firm grip on my hand and pulled me through the doorway.

To my surprise, 2 servants followed us into the room. They bowed at the Alpha King, and I realized I probably should have been doing that too every time I saw him.

“These are your personal servants, Alana and Cam,” He started, not looking at anyone in particular. “They will take care of your every need. They have come to help you bathe and turn down your sheets for the night.”

I pulled my hand from him, knowing that I could not keep the look of alarm off my face. I shook my head back and forth trying to convey the message that I did not want anyone to get near me. I was capable. I was fine. No. No. No. This couldn’t be happening.

“Relax, Grace.” The Alpha King tried. “This is a good thing.”

He attempted to grab my hand again and I twisted away from him. He froze. His face paled, and I knew what I had just shown.

“Are you bleeding?” He demands, his eyes never leaving my back even as I twist further away from him.

I shake my head, trying to hide my injuries. This couldn’t be happening.

“Let me see it Grace,” His voice as hard, and I couldn’t help but cower away from him. I shook my head again. I had no intention of showing my scars in front of everyone.

Sensing that I had no intention of showing anybody anything, he ordered everyone else to get out with his Alpha aura, and I dropped to my knees to submit.

When the door closed behind them, he dropped in front of me, kneeling so we were eye level.

“I’m sorry.” He whispered, brushing a stray strand of my very messy hair out of my face. “I didn’t mean to use my Alpha Aura on you. At your pace, I just want to see your injuries, so I can help. You’re going to be my bride, remember?”

His hand cradled my face, and I couldn’t help but lean into his touch before I realized what I was doing. No. I can’t be doing that. He might say that he wants me now, but he won’t want me once he sees my scars.

“It’s okay. You’re safe here.” He said so gently I was starting to believe it.

We sat like that for a few minutes, my breathing slowing down despite myself. Once I was calmer, he pulled me to my feet. I felt his hand move my hair out of his way, and he turned me, so my back was facing him. His hand lingered at my neckline but waited for my permission. I knew I couldn’t escape this, so I slowly nodded, just once, but that was all it took.

I felt him slowly unzip my first layer, and then my second, before finally undoing my last defense. He had only pulled each about halfway down, but I could tell he was surprised by the layers, however he didn’t say a word about them. I knew the moment he saw my skin. The grip he had on my dress increased, and he grabbed me with his other arm.

I knew what he was seeing. The many scars and bruises from the past. The fresh whip marks from today; the sudden air on them made them sting.

“You lied to me.” He growled.

Suddenly, his hands were ripping at the rest of my dresses, all but shredding them off me. I couldn’t yell. He had been so gentle, and then to just lose it like that. How could he? How could I have trusted him? I was so sure he was going to ruin me too.

“Who?” He demanded. “Who did this to you?”

I just stood there and cried, practically naked in front of him. All my cuts, bruises and scars on display. I was hiding nothing anymore. All I wanted was to curl up, but I couldn’t force myself to move.

The Alpha King lifted my chin, so I was looking at him. His eyes looked remorseful as he grabbed a soft blanket from the bed and wrapped it around me as I sunk to the floor.

“I’m sorry for scaring you.” He said gently, taking the spot next to me on the ground. “But those aren’t just one-time wounds, Gracie. Those are a lifetime of hurt. Was it your sister, Luna Kinsley and Alpha Adrian?”

I started to hyperventilate. No. Telling would just get me in trouble.

“Shhh.” He soothed, running his hand through my super tangled hair. I couldn’t breathe. This wasn’t happening he was going to send me back.

However, he didn’t say that. He sat with me till I was all cried out. His thumb running circles on my arms, and I felt so tired again.

“I don’t know for sure who hurt you, Grace, but I promise you, you are safe here. I know I scared you, and I invaded your privacy. But you are safe here. I will never hurt you.”

I didn’t say anything. What was there to say? No one had ever promised me safety before, how could I possibly believe it after tonight?

“I’m going to go.” The Alpha King said after a while. “But the maids are going to run you a bath and get you fresh clothes, and we will deal with your wounds in the morning as they’ve stopped bleeding for now, and I don’t want to make this worse.” He looked hesitant at the last part, but he didn’t do anything to show me he was thinking anything different.

He stood up and stretched, and I marveled at his body before I realized what I was doing. He smirked though, which gave me the impression that he knew exactly what I was doing. However, he didn’t comment. He just moved across the room and grabbed something before heading back toward me.

“Here.”

I took the small chalkboard hesitantly and looked at him in confusion.

“Write whatever you need or want on this board. I will check it and update it daily.”

I gaped at him, but he didn’t wait for my response. He just turned and walked out, leaving me alone for the first time in this new house. A servant from earlier, peeped in, but didn’t say a word to me. She just ran my bath and left me alone with my thoughts, and I didn’t know how to feel about that.

Once I was sure no one else was coming in, I climbed into the bath, the water cold from how long I had waited to get in. My new injuries stung in the water, and I just sat there for a while as memories of ‘home’ flashed through my mind. I forced myself to get out when I started to shiver. I crawled into my bed, grateful to still have it. And the last thing I remember before I fell asleep was that I felt like I was laying on a cloud.
###Chapter 7: Grace
I opened my eyes slowly. I was afraid it was all a dream that wasn’t real. But no. I was in the comfiest bed I had ever had the privilege of sleeping on. The sun was shining through the curtain, and I realized for the first time I could remember, no one had come in and interrupted my sleep. I couldn’t remember having any nightmares either. It was bizarre, but I loved it.

I startled. There was a simple knock on the door, but I wasn’t used to that either. In my old pack, people just burst in all the time.

I sat up slowly, letting the blankets pool at my legs as one of the same servants from yesterday peeped her head in.

“Oh good, you’re awake, Miss.” She smiled. Her blonde hair was pulled into a french braid bun and she looked to be about my own age.

I nodded, but didn’t say anything as the girl opened the door revealing a large tray of food, leaving my eyes to nearly bulge from their sockets.

The girl laughed, and I offered her a small, tight smile.

“I’m Alana, by the way, not sure if you remembered from yesterday, but I am here to assist you with anything you need. The Alpha King is downstairs waiting for us, so as much as I want you to relax and take your time, we are on a bit of a time crunch,” Alana finally took a breath before continuing and thrusting the tray into me. “You start eating, and I will start your bath and lay out your clothes, sound good?”

I nodded again, looking at the food hesitantly. There were so many options, and no one had ever given me so many choices before or asked me if a plan sounded good. It was weird.

Alana chatted away about things that had no real importance as she scurried all around the room, and I found comfort in her presence. She was a ray of sunshine that I wasn’t used to being around. I didn’t know work could be fun like that, and I didn’t know how to feel about all the attention.

I squirmed nervously after I took a few bites of some random foods. I didn’t care for most of it, but I liked the biscuit, and that was about all my stomach could handle.

“Are you done, Miss?”

I nodded and carefully moved the tray to the side table and stood up with the blanket wrapped around me. Luckily for me, Alana seemed to get that I wanted my privacy and left without another word.

I didn’t waste any time and got myself cleaned and ready for the day as quickly as I could. I didn’t want to keep the Alpha King waiting too long and I felt as though I had. I quickly ran a comb through my hair and braided it. My back twinged with all the movement, but I had had worse and that’s what I kept reminding myself.

I had never worn any outfit as nice as the one that was laid out for me, either. It was a simple blue dress with flowers on it that had long sleeves and came to just above my knees. My usual dresses usually were longer, but it would do.

I was glad to find Alana just outside my room as I made my way there. I had gotten a tour yesterday, but I didn’t remember a single place I was shown.

My nerves were on fire as I made my way to wherever the Alpha King was. What did he want from me? He had said he wanted to marry me, but was that really his intention? He was by all accounts famous, and I knew more beautiful people than myself had thrown themselves at him in the past, so I kept coming back to the same question: why me?

“Grace.” His rough voice brought me out of my head.

I looked at him, my eyes wide with fear.

“Come on, we’ve got an appointment to get to.”

I frowned. An appointment? Whatever for?

As if sensing my confusion as we walked, he said, “We’re going to the Doctor’s to get your wounds looked at. I want a full physical for you. There were marks on your body of all different ages. I want to know who and why.”

I stumbled over my feet, and he reached out and righted me without even looking.

The doctor’s office was on property. I didn’t remember my old pack having a doctor on property, but maybe it was standard practice... Or maybe since he was the Alpha King, he could do anything he wanted like having a doctor so close.

We walked into the very sterile building, and I jumped when a ringing noise came from Rhys’ body.

“It’s just a phone,” Someone from behind the counter called out, “No need to be afraid.”

The Alpha King shot him a look, but didn’t say anything as he answered his phone. The guy behind the counter looked like a younger version of the Alpha King. He had the same dark brown hair, but it was cut closer to his scalp, but his eyes were darker than the Alpha King’s.

“Go on Grace.” The Alpha King said gently. “I’ll meet up with you after, okay? I have to take this.”

I nodded, but it didn’t ease my fear of going to show my most vulnerable self to a stranger.

“I don’t bite.” The guy laughed freely. “I’m Dr. Sonnett, Rhys’ favorite brother, aren’t you a cute little thing? However, you can call me Sawyer.”

I didn’t say anything, I just followed him back to the exam room. I hated how he seemed to think my presence was a joke, but maybe I was.

He got the exam started quickly, but he didn’t stop talking the whole time.

“You know, my brother has brought a lot of women home from his travels, and quite a few of them have ended up in my hospital, but you are definitely the most injured. What happened to you?”

I didn’t respond. My mind was too busy reeling in my memories. I had heard that the Alpha King had been engaged before. He had been seen with numerous women over the years, and some he was rumored to have made disappeared. I gulped. Was I really next?

The doctor seemed to laugh at my reaction. “You didn’t think you were the first now did you? No, for a long time, every time he went to a new pack, he brought back a new girl. Blondes, brunettes, red heads, it didn’t matter much,” He gave me a once over as he grabbed his stethoscope, “But I will say you are the first to look like you, so maybe you’ll be different; he seems to really like you.” Dr. Sonnett teased when he sensed my mood change.

I didn’t say anything. There wasn’t anything to say. I was broken and he would lose interest soon. Would I be able to change enough to keep his interest? Should I even try? I wasn’t made to be Luna material, let alone Queen Luna. My thought train had me feeling sick.

As soon as I could, I bolted out of there. To my disappointment, the Alpha King wasn’t in the lobby waiting for me, but it didn’t matter. I wandered until I found my way back and locked myself in the room I had left this morning, pondering over what my fate would be and if taking care of my wounds was really worth the time they’d take to heal?

I was laying in bed staring at the wall when I heard the door to my room open. I didn’t turn to look, but I knew exactly who it was as he sat down on the edge of the bed, letting the silence linger over us.
###Chapter 8: Grace
I didn’t move, and he didn’t say anything for a long while. Eventually I felt his hand on my head, and he began running his fingers through my hair. If I hadn’t been so worried about my death, I probably would have found it peaceful or maybe even noticed his brooding mood, but I was too wrapped in my head to notice much.

“I know you're awake, I can hear your heartbeat,” The Alpha King said finally after about 30 minutes. “I came to ask about how you doctor’s visit went.”

For a moment, I thought about continuing to pretend he didn’t exist. But before I could stop myself, I reached out and grabbed the medications and rolled over toward him to show him all the things I really didn’t understand, nor could I find the motivation to even try to.

The Alpha King looks at the medication and then at me, and my stomach does a little flip. He then handed me the chalkboard he left me the day before. I wasn’t sure exactly what to do with it, and I’m not exactly sure what he expected. I was raised on nothing, nothing about me screamed literate. I knew a few words, but I had no idea how to spell what he wanted me to. But I used to like to draw, at least before my stepmother had died, and I had a little more freedom.

It was dark, and I couldn’t see well, but I decided to give it a try. First, I drew the general shape of the medication and a question mark. Then I drew the salve the best I could and added a question mark to that as well, hoping he would know what I meant.

He looked at my drawings in the dark. I knew he could see better than I could with his werewolf eyes. They had stronger senses than humans.

I watched his face frown as he looked at my drawings before he abruptly got up and walked to the bathroom. I froze, was I supposed to follow him? I apparently didn’t because he came back out seconds later with a glass of water and stood in front of me.

“This one, you swallow.” He told me. “Put the pill on your tongue and then take a sip of water and that will be that. He’s probably worried about infection if he gave you that.”

I frowned but did as he said. The pill had a funny taste, but it went down pretty smoothly.

“And the other stuff, it goes on your back to help them heal faster.” He explained gently. “Can I help you put it on?”

I hesitated for a second, but relented since I didn’t have a better way to put it on.

The Alpha King, Rhys, looked me in the eyes as he put the salve on his fingers, and a chill ran through my body.

“Shhh.” He whispered. “This might sting, but it will help I promise.”

I closed my eyes as he began to trace my open wounds. He was right it did hurt, but the cooling sensation and his gentle touch made it barrable, and my heart fluttered nearly out of my chest. But then his hands started to trace the old wounds. The ugly marks I bared because of my awful half-sister. Reminders of the place I had only just left and could go back to at any time... Or worse.

My body immediately betrayed me and began to tremble. I met his eyes with a pleading look in mine, begging him to stop, but it seemed to have the opposite effect on him. His face morphed into disappointment right before my eyes.

“Do you always put on this pitiful act for everyone or just me?” He demanded as he moved away from me.

I couldn’t push away the hurt that immediately consumed my chest at his words. Confusion filled me without a chance for me to even get my bearings. Pitiful? Act? Did he believe Kinsley’s story after all? Was it now my time to disappear?

My heart was racing a mile a minute at the thoughts as I tried to not let it show. I was going to die; I could at least die brave despite the tears filling my eyes.

“I sent people to your little pack,” He continued. “I wanted to know more about how could be littered in a so many marks. I wanted to hear their why and decided if I believed them or not. But do you know what I found, Gracie?” I hated the way he said my name just then. I hated the anger in his voice. It only made my fear worse.

“It was completely and utterly emptied. There was not a soul to be found, anywhere. They deserted. Do you want to tell me why they would have deserted like that, Grace?”

I panicked. I had no idea where they would have gone or why. I had never been allowed to leave the house, and it’s not like they told me secrets. I was hated. I was worse than an enemy; I was a traitor.

His hand gripped my chin forcing me to look him in the eyes. “Now tell me Grace, are you a part of a conspiracy? A plot to overthrow the kingdom?”

I shook my head back and forth. No. Of course not. I had never been a part of anything of the sort. That would have meant I mattered. I did not matter.

“What is your role in this?” He tried to demand. “I need to know, Grace.” The way he said my name again sent shivers down my spine again, but not in the good way. This was the Alpha King, and he would dispose of me without a second thought. I hadn’t proved anything to him.

I had no role, but it wouldn’t matter. He would never believe me. I was nothing. I was worse than nothing. I was a traitor. I was wolfless. I had never mattered to anyone before. But a small voice in my head begged for him to believe me. I wanted him to believe me.

I shook my head slowly. No. I did not have anything to do with my pack. And I hoped that this time, he would hear all my unsaid words.
###Chapter 9: Rhys
I sat in my office brooding over my day with a nice glass of whiskey, but it didn’t go down as smoothly as it usually did. The day just didn’t make any sense, and my lack of sleep wasn’t helping. I had spent half the night pacing outside of Grace’s door to make sure she was okay and was fine. Everything about her situation didn’t sit well with me. How could a girl, that injured, go so long under everybody’s radar? It didn’t make any sense.

So around 4am, I gave up on sleeping and stopped pacing when I knew for a fact she was peacefully sleeping and made my way to my office to pull every record I had on her pack. I knew it was a conjoined pack, Alpha Adrian had been an Alpha in his own right of the Red Night pack, and Kinsley had been the heir of her pack, Blood Moon. When Alpha Andrew died, they had combined the packs, renaming themselves the Red Blood pack. But other than the fact the pack grew by 60%, there was nothing that screamed PROBLEM.

I pinched the bridge of my nose in frustration, and mindlinked Leon to send a scout team to Red Blood pack. They wouldn’t be expecting anyone, so it was sure to catch them off guard, and I carried on with my day, eventually taking Grace to the doctor.

However, it didn’t catch them off guard. In fact, the whole pack was empty. Not a single person anywhere around, and I still had people looking, even now at this late hour. I couldn’t believe it. Had I fallen for another woman’s trick? I had done enough of that in my past, and I thought she was different. My anger could barely be contained. Everyone always had an agenda. How could I have not realized that Grace would too?

My wolf argued with me. He kept saying that I didn’t know Grace’s side of things, and even for power, it didn’t make sense why she was so broken. She was mute for crying outloud, and I largely suspected it was from her trauma... But a small part of me wondered if it was so she wouldn’t give up her secrets.

I got up after a while and found myself outside her door. I opened it slowly, but I could tell she was still awake based on how fast her heart rate increased when the door opened. I didn’t say a word though, I just sat on the edge of the bed near the door for a while.

I couldn’t help but reach out and start stroking her hair. The desire to mark and mate her was getting stronger the longer I was around her, but my wolf never screamed Mate, he just was really protective of her.

““I know you're awake, I can hear your heartbeat,” I said after about 30 minutes. “I came to ask about how you doctor’s visit went.”

To my surprise, she only hesitated for a moment before she grabbed two things off the side table and thrusted them in my direction.

I raised my brows in surprise and handed her the chalkboard. I wanted more information than that.

She took the chalkboard hesitantly, and I was surprised to see the frown that appeared on her face but eventually she started to write.

It was my turn to frown when she showed me the clipboard. It wasn’t words, but just simply a couple of poorly drawn pictures and question marks. Could she not write?

It took me a few long moments to realize she had no idea what to do with the medications. Did my brother do anything right?

I got up from the bed and grabbed her a cup of water.

“This one, you swallow.” I informed her. “Put the pill on your tongue and then take a sip of water and that will be that. He’s probably worried about infection if he gave you that.”

“And the other stuff, it goes on your back to help them heal faster.” He explained gently. “Can I help you put it on?”

She sat on the edge of the bed and took her shirt off, careful not to move too much. It was obvious that the movement hurt.

“Shhh.” I whispered. “This might sting, but it will help I promise.”

I started with all the fresh open wounds. My finger barely touched her, knowing it hurt. But when I was done, I couldn’t help but linger on some of the older scars, my fingers tracing them with more pressure.

She immediately tensed. I could feel her tremble beneath me, and she turned toward me with pleading eyes. Instead of softening me as they had before, they infuriated me. Had she done this to herself? Is that why she didn’t want me to touch them? What conspiracy was she a part of?

I started yelling at her about what I knew, but she didn’t waver. The fear in her eyes was something I never wanted to see again, but I couldn’t stop. I was too angry at her, for everything that was going on.

She grabbed her chalkboard, and her hand moved frantically across it. I knew I was too angry and I didn’t want to play charades, so I started to move way. We both clearly needed space right then.

But as I turned to leave, her small hand gripped my shirt forcing me to stay put despite the weak grip she had. She gestured at the chalkboard, and I sighed, taking it from her.

It wasn’t pictures this time. It was a few... words? Yes, words. They were hard to make out.

“No go out?” I read back to her, squinting at the board.

She gestured to herself for clarification. “You never went out?" I asked.

She nodded, and I could see the tears in her eyes.

“Like out on the town or out of the house?”

She held up two fingers. She never left the house...

I squinted at the next part. The word no was clear, then there was a stick person and word talk with an X on it.

“Nobody talked to you?” I asked after a long minute of trying to decipher.

A look of excitement crossed her face, letting me know I got it right.

And the last sentence. “Not sure out, but will tell and help. Please no kill.”

My stomach dropped. Did she really think I would kill her? Did the thought even cross my mind?

She was standing before him. Her shirt back on, but she was so small. So weak. So desperate. Her one hand still clutched at my shirt, and the other she had wrapped around herself trying to make herself look small or comforted.

I stopped fighting it. I pulled her up, and my lips crashed into hers. A moment I had been waiting for since the moment I had seen her.
###Chapter 10: Grace
One minute we were fighting, the next his lips were on mine. My first kiss. Something I had dreamed about from the time I was old enough to know about kisses. It was nothing and everything like how I had imagined. It was rough but tender. Demanding, but gentle. It made my insides twist and heat in a way I had never experienced before. And I wanted more.

Wait. No. No. No. I should not be kissing Rhys. I mean, the Alpha. I mean, the Alpha King. What was I doing? This was crazy. No. No. I can’t be doing this.

I pulled away and pushed him back slightly. I instantly missed his warmth, and the frustrated look on his face made me unsure if I had made the right decision. I was to be his bride after all, if he was serious about that. Did he expect me to just give him everything whenever he asked? Was that what I was supposed to do?

I felt my body begin to tremble with fear again. What if he decided this was the last straw and now, he was going to kill me? I looked away, hoping to make myself disappear. Oh god what have I done?

But after a long moment of silence, I slowly raised my eyes to his and noticed he was still just staring at me.

“You know, many people have sought my kiss. I have had strangers throw themselves at me. Random people write me letters of marriage proposals, and my own bride pushes me away. Tell me what am I supposed to make of that?”

I looked away again, feeling awkward. What did he want me to say? I had nothing to say. Nothing to give. Did he want me to kiss him again?

“You know, a lot of people would kill for a kiss like that.” He continued when I didn’t say a word, but his voice was sultrier more than demanding now. “And you have kissed the Alpha King, Grace. But you still look so unhappy. I don’t think I’ve ever even seen you smile. Like a real, happy smile. Tell me, Grace, if you aren’t trying to steal my throne and aren’t part of some crazy conspiracy, tell me what do you want, Grace?”

I frowned. What did I want? I didn’t know. Nobody had ever asked such a question before. My own father hadn’t even cared about what I wanted. He kept me locked in a prison on nothing but the words of Kinsley. He hated that I ruined his image of a perfect family. I was hated by everyone. I was left by the only people I had ever loved, my mother and my stepmother. There was little of the world that I even knew of. I didn’t know what there even was to want out there. I had been trapped my whole life whether physically or societally. I had no idea what to want...

I grabbed the chalkboard from where he had thrown it onto the bed earlier. The only thing I really wanted was to be free. I didn’t want to be a slave anymore. I didn’t want to be constantly looking over my shoulder. I didn’t want the fear of making a mistake, no matter how small. I didn’t want to feel what I felt. I didn’t want to be stuck in my own head. I just wanted to be free.

I drew a little bird to convey everything I wanted and showed him. I wanted to be able to go where I wanted, when I wanted. I didn’t want to have to ask permission about anything. I just wanted to be free.

His gaze lingered on the board for a long time. I didn’t know if he understood what I was tryign to convey, but I didn’t have a better way to put it. There was nothing in this world that I wanted more than that. He stared at the picture for so long that I was convinced he had no idea what it meant.

But then, he placed it gently on the side table, and pulled down the covers on the bed again, and gestured for me to climb it. I nodded my thanks and crawled in tiredly.

He started to walk to the door, and I panicked slightly. I might not have thought I should kiss him, but that didn’t mean I wanted him to leave.

But to my surprise, he stopped when he got to the other side of the bed, and began to undress, taking off the button up and the dress pants so he was just in his boxers. Then, he got into bed on the other side and pulled me into his lap.

“Gracie,” He cooed.

I looked up at him wondering what he wanted now.

“I don’t think I could handle it, if you’re lying to me about who you are and your part in everything. You already have such a hold on me. Promise me you’ll never lie to me... If you don’t know or don’t remember something, then okay but promise me you’ll never lie to me.”

I searched his eyes as he searched mine. I didn’t know what he meant by all that, but I knew by that look I wanted to do anything he ever asked of me, so I nodded, slowly.

“Good. And tomorrow, I think it’s best if we start sharing a room. I want you to have your own space, and we can pick a place for that, but I don’t want to sleep another night without you. How do you have such a hold on me already, Gracie?”

My heart fluttered. Did he mean it? I had never had a hold on anyone. I had never really had my own space. I had never really mattered enough for that. But the way he spoke made me feel like I mattered to him, and that thought was both unsettling and thrilling all at once. He was the Alpha King. My Alpha King.

The last thought I had as I drifted off to sleep was, when did he become my Alpha King?
###Chapter 11: Grace
I woke up when the door creaked open. I reached out, but the other side of the bed was empty causing disappointment to flood through me.

“Oh, sorry.” I heard Alana’s squeal. I opened my eyes to her backpedaling, but I put my hand up to stop her and waved her in.

“I didn’t realize you were still sleeping since the Alpha King left so early this morning.” She explained.

I gave her an it’s okay sign and moved to sit up, wrapping the blanket around me as I did. She came further into the room, a breakfast tray in hand. This time though, it had only a couple of new things that I had never eaten, and more of the things I ate the most of yesterday.

I gave her a small smile and took the tray. I couldn’t believe someone would have noticed what I liked and didn’t like. It was so weird to be noticed like that.

“So, the Alpha King said he would be gone all day, and we were free to spend the day however you like. Is there anything special you’d like to do?” She asked with excitement in her voice.

I shrugged. Was there anything I would like to do? I thought about it as my eyes fell on the chalkboard, the Alpha King kept insisting I use. My picture of the bird was still on it. What could I do to at least give myself the illusion of freedom. I would feel more confident if I knew my way around the house better. I grabbed my chalkboard between bites and drew a picture of a flower, hoping she’d understand.

She squinted at it before smiling in understanding.

“The garden?” She asked to make sure she was right. “You want to explore the garden?”

I nodded eagerly. I didn’t realize how much I wanted to until right now. Especially because I loved flowers. I always had. I grabbed the chalkboard back and started to draw again. I added a + and a picture of a house.

“And the house?”

I nodded a little less enthusiastically, but still ready for a day that was completely my own.

Alana was also enthusiastic. I didn’t know if it was true, but she looked to be a little younger than I was, but I also knew my experience around others wasn’t very good, so my perception of everything seemed to be off.

Alana helped me pick a sundress that she said would, “bring out my eyes.” And she combed my hair for me, which was really nice, so I didn’t have to pull at my still very open wounds. I appreciated her and her kindness. I knew I was her job, but it was still kind.

I enjoyed the garden for a lot of the afternoon. There were lots of spots that I thought were pretty magical. I could imagine coming out here to draw and paint, and just exist happily.

We spent almost the whole day outside in the sun. It was the longest I could ever remember being out in the sunshine. It was getting dark by the time I finally allowed us to go inside to explore the house. Alana chatted away, not caring that I didn’t talk back, and sometimes she’d ask me questions, and I’d draw it out or write in simple words to answer her questions.

The house was beautiful. She showed me the kitchen where there were about 5 servants cooking dinner. I hadn’t really noticed that I missed lunch until Alana said, “It smells so good, I’m starving!”

She grabbed a snack, one for her and one for me, and we continued on our way. I saw the dining area, the family area, and the game room. She also stated that there was an indoor pool on this floor as well, but it was closed right now, so we couldn’t go see it. There were only like 6 bathrooms on the first floor alone. Then we walked up to the second floor. This was where a lot of the people who worked here lived. Alana showed me her room. She had a hot pink accent wall, and posters of all different bands hanging everywhere. I couldn’t help but find a little bit of joy in it.

We made our way up to the third floor. This was where a lot of unmated pack members chose to live. Alana said that this floor gave off, “frat boy” vibes. She said they always had music playing, and they tended to take the party wherever they went. The 4th floor was where the Beta and Gamma lived. They had it separated into two separate living spaces, so we couldn’t go in, which I was okay with. I was really starting to tire out a bit.

The next floor required a password that Alana happened to know. She said if it wasn’t for me, she wouldn’t be allowed up here. Half of it was a bunch of offices for the Alpha King and his leadership team. There were multiple meeting rooms, and they even had a mini kitchen filled with snacks.

The final floor was the floor the alpha family lived on. It required another password to access. I had learned from Dr. Sonnett, that their parents had died fairly young, but all three brothers still lived there, even if I hadn’t met the other brother yet.

Somehow, I had gotten a room on the Alpha floor. I was a little unsettled by this, but it also felt reassuring to know that there was so much security, and that I was so close to the Alpha King.

“Do you want to go to dinner now?” Alana asked, once we were finished with our tour.

I shook my head, no. I was ready to go just lay down now.

“Do you want me to stay with you?”

I again, just shook my head. I didn’t want her to miss dinner on my account when I wasn’t hungry.

“Okay, well then have a good night, Gracie.” She smiled at me, and I tried to return it.

When the door closed behind her, I stood there for a moment, taking in the large family room and kitchen. It was all decorated exactly how you would imagine a mansion to be decorated. It was stunning but in a very prestigious way. It was all a lot to take in.

“Hello.” A voice pulled me out of my head as I started to my room.

I turned and did a double take. The man looked nearly identical to the Alpha King. His hair was a little shorter, and he wore glasses, but the family resemblance was uncanny.

“I assume you are my brother’s new bride, Grace, yes?”

I nodded hesitantly.

“I’m Caleb, his twin. I have heard sooo much about you.”

There was something in his voice that made me uncomfortable. I didn’t want to be talking to him anymore, so I turned to leave. He grabbed my arm, spinning me around back toward him.

“What’s the rush?” He asked, and I recognized that look in his eye. It was the same that Adrian had most of the time. The one a lot of men in my old pack had when they saw me.

“Let go.” A voice from behind me said dangerously.

I breathed a sigh of relief as he let go, and I scurried behind the Alpha King.

“Touch her again, and your hand will be severed from your body.” The Alpha King threatened.

“Relax, brother,” Caleb smiled mischievously. “I was only welcoming your new bride. We are going to be family after all.”

He then winked at me, and I stifled a surprise gasp. My stomach twisted; I hated the way he was looking at me. The way he was eyeing me like I was something he could win. Like I was a prize or a piece of meat. It made me feel sick. I could also feel the tension radiating off the Alpha King. He was barely containing his fury, but whether it was at me or his brother I wasn’t sure.

“Keep your hands to yourself, Caleb. We will not be sharing, and I will not be so kind that time.” There was a threat in his voice that surprised me. I wouldn’t have expected them to be on bad terms, but the way The Alpha King spoke to his brother made me think something had happened between them over a girl before. Maybe one of those many women Dr. Sonnett had been telling me about.

“Grace, let’s go.” His hard demanding tone drew me out of my thoughts immediately.

I let the Alpha King pull me away into a room that wasn’t the room I had been going to, but his words from last night rang back through my head. We would be sharing a room from now on, and I had no idea what to expect from that. 
###Chapter 12: Grace
The room was bigger than I expected. There was a sitting area, and a mini kitchen, and on the other side of everything, his huge bed sat. I wasn’t sure if red was his favorite color or just the color he chose for his room, but there was a lot of red... Everywhere.

I stood nervously as he opened the door to his room back up and called in a servant by the name of Eloise. She was an older woman, but she had a kind face, at least I hoped she was kind.

“You called, my King?” She asked politely.

“Yes. Run Grace a bath, please.”

She nodded, and immediately moved toward what I assumed to be the bathroom. I couldn’t help but feel panicked inside. Did he want to bath with me? Was I ready for that?

“I will go to the other bathing chamber down the hall. When she’s done, come and draw mine up please.”

Eloise nodded again, and didn’t say another word. She filled the bath with all sorts of things that I didn’t know, and she laid out my pajamas for after. They looked new. They were red and silky.

I didn’t start to undress until I heard the door shut behind her. I was very much looking forward to this bath. I felt filthy from being out in the garden all day, but really I just loved being able to feel clean. After a good portion of my life not being able to bathe regularly, I was excited to have this opportunity.

The water felt like heaven. I would have given anything to not move from it ever again. I laid my head back and enjoyed the feeling.

“Grace?”

I startled at the voice, forcing myself to look around to figure out where I was.

“Grace, tap twice if you're okay in there.”

I quickly tapped, realizing I had fallen asleep in the bath, and that the Alpha King was back already. I wondered how long I had been asleep, and I wondered if he would be mad I took so long.

I quickly washed up in the cool water and got out. I dried my hair with a towel, put on my new pajamas and walked out to the bedroom.

The Alpha King was sitting on the bed surrounded by papers, looking incredibly attractive. His hair was still wet, and his robe sat loosely on his shoulders, revealing his bare chest. I couldn’t help but be in awe of what I was seeing.

It looked like he left me space on the bed, but I hesitated. Was this really what he wanted? A wolfless, traitor girl?

He noticed my hesitancy and gestured for me to come to bed. I walked slowly over, but when I got to the bed, I froze, partially hoping he’d change his mind. Instead though, he just smirked. He looked amused at my hesitation, but I didn’t know what there was to be amused by. Then suddenly his arms were around my waist, and he was pulling me into the bed gently.

I laid down uneasily and tossed and turned for a few minute before turning back to him. He was still very engaged to his papers, and I wondered what it was that he was possibly working on.

The longer I laid there, the more I thought about the girls before me. Had they slept in this bed too? Had he rescued them the way he had me? When did he turn on them, and would it be the same for me?

Before I could lose my courage, I grabbed my chalkboard and started thinking about how to ask. I quickly drew a picture of a girl, then an arrow and then another girl with an X through her. I could see Alpha King Rhys staring over my shoulder as I drew once he heard the chalk against the board, but he waited till I was done before saying anything.

His brows furrowed as he looked on, and I fidgeted with my hands nervously.

“Are you asking about the girls before you?” He said after what seemed like an eternity. I nodded, still feeling hesitant about asking.

“So you’ve heard all the rumors then?” He asked.

I nodded again, not looking up from my hands.

“Gracie, you know I won’t hurt you, right?” He lifted my chin, so I was looking at him.

I didn’t know how to answer that. Did I believe he wouldn’t hurt me? I wanted to... But wanting to and doing are two different things. And he had a history....

“Every girl before you, Grace, didn’t deserve to be by my side. They all just wanted me for the power. Each and every one of them either betrayed me, or wanted my status or my wealth. None of them wanted me for me. And I deserve to be wanted for me. I never loved any of them.”

I looked away, unsure of what to make of that. Did that answer my question? Kind of. But how does one even betray the Alpha King?

“Grace,” He brought my attention back to him. “Can I tell you something really important?”

I nodded, and my stomach started to do little backflips.

“Me and my wolf think you might be our true mate... The way you make me feel... Well I’ve never felt anything like it. It’s like I want to burn the world down for you. I think I would do anything you ever asked of me. We can’t be sure because you don’t have a wolf, but Grace, you make me feel like no one else has ever made me feel before.”

My cheeks flushed at his words, and my insides felt like they were burning alive. What could a girl possibly say back to that?

He leaned in, pulling me against his chest. I trembled nervously, but I also felt safe. My heart raced, but maybe this time it was in a good way.

Just as quickly as I had felt safe, I didn’t. My head began to scream at me, the pain nearly unbearable. I was going to be sick as my vision went in and out.
###Chapter 13: Rhys
One moment I was about to kiss Grace, the next, she was wrenching herself off of me and off the bed. She stumbled to her feet, one hand clutching her head, the other, reaching for the bedpost for stability.

I launched myself off the bed as her face turned a sickening shade of white, and I all but dove to catch her as her strength seemed to fail her. Her eyes fluttered as I lifted her into my arms before they closed completely.

“Grace?” I begged her to open her eyes. “Grace, I’m here, it’s okay.”

“HELP!” I bellowed. “I need a doctor!!”

Her lifeless body didn’t even flinch when I yelled. Grace was scared of everything, I would have scared her if she was conscious. But she wasn’t conscious. I had just gotten her. I couldn’t lose her. Not now. Not after I had saved her.

Several servant rushed in, and they looked around helplessly. I could hear someone mindlinking the doctor to hurry, but there was no time. Her breathing was shallow, coming out in just short little breaths.

“Grace.” I cried as I raced down the 5 flights of stairs, and out the door, ignoring the stares of several people who were still up in the house. “Grace, please. I just got you. You can’t leave me.”

I burst through the hospital doors, and my brother looked up in surprise. “Sawyer,” I cried out, my voice breaking. “Help.”

Sawyer wasted no time. He jumped right into action. He grabbed the door to an exam room, and I rushed through it.

I laid her on the table as gently as I could. She hated laying on her back due to her injuries, but there was no other choice right now.

Sawyer grabbed his stethoscope and immediately began his work up of her unresponsive body. I stayed as close as I could to her as he assessed the situation. Sawyer then grabbed a shot, and I held her hand as he injected it.

I didn’t get a chance to ask what it was for or what it would do before she woke up screaming. It was the most gut-wrenching sound in the whole world, I wanted to scream right along with her. She thrashed around, her hands gripping at her head so tightly, her knuckles were turning white.

“Sawyer?” I called out desperate for it to start.

Sawyer’s normally very controlled expression masked something of true horror before he grabbed something completely different.

“You need to hold her still for me, Rhys. As still as you can so she doesn’t hurt herself more.”

“Why what are you going to do?” I asked, still trying to soothe her.

“I’ll explain after. This is going to be very painful for her.”

“She’s already in pain!” I shouted at him angrily.

“Do it, Rhys, now.”

I hated that I followed his order. Hated that I held her down like that. The way the people who had all but destroyed her life probably had countless times. And my heart was going to beat out of my chest as she started to let out hoarse, broken sounding screams, her body fighting against me blindly.

“Sawyer!” I shouted angrily, But he didn’t answer. He was focused on holding his hand as steady as he could as he injected her with some unknown substance.

“Shhhh.” I tried to soothe, but my voice didn’t sound real to me, and I knew it was falling on deaf ears, but I tried anyways. “It will be over soon.”

It felt like a million years before Sawyer pulled the syringe from her side, and it was at least another minute before she started slowly stop fighting me. Her screams stopped, and she once again went limp.

“What did you do to her?” I felt numb as I let her go. I hated how helpless she looked. How helpless I felt.

“We should take this to another room.” Sawyer tried, looking uneasy.

I gestured for him to lead the way. My wolf didn’t wat to leave her, but I knew she was fine if Sawyer was willing to walk away.

He led the way to his office a few doors away, and he sat at his desk, and I plopped down into the chair on the side.

“What do you really know about her, Rhys? Because from where I’m standing, you know nothing about her.” He said after a long moment.

My frown deepened. What did he mean by that? Of course, I barely knew her, I had only found her like 2 days ago, and she didn’t speak. Not one word even in all of that. She didn’t say one word.

“Your point?”

“Is she like the others?” Sawyer asks bluntly.

“No. I think she might be my true mate, but she’s wolfless so I’ll never know.”.

“I think this was a mate thing, Rhys...”

“But I haven’t marked her yet.” I answered dumbly.

“No.” Sawyer said seriousy. “I mean, I think she has been marked by someone else, and this was their doing. Her mark isn’t visible, but the amount of bruising and scars on her body makes it hard to see anything.”

“You think she’s mated to someone else?” My stomached turned. The thought didn’t sit well with me.

“Based on everything her exams have shown, I would guess it wasn’t a consensual mark and mated situation... But this was almost definitely a side-effect of a mark... I’m sorry.”

My hand fisted at my side and then punched the nearest wall in frustration. Everything felt like it was crashing around me. There was little to do but wait now till she woke up and could tell us whatever painful answers we needed. And we would go from there. But there was one thing for certain, whoever was responsible for her pain, for every mark on her innocent body, to whoever saw and didn’t stop it, they would not get out of it alive. I was the Alpha King for a reason. I prided myself on being ruthless, and I was going to show them all just how ruthless I was, starting with her sister Kinsley, and her brother-in-law, Adrian. 
###Chapter 14: Grace
I woke up slowly. My brain didn’t seem like it wanted to work right now. I could hear a steady beeping, but I couldn’t make my eyes open. I took a steadying breath and tried not to panic. Had I been drugged? That didn’t make a ton of sense since I was almost definitely in a comfy bed. I remembered I had been with the Alpha King, but it all felt fuzzy.

I wondered if the Alpha King was still with me, and that was enough of a thought to force my eyes open. I scanned the room. It was white with white cabinets, and what looked like medical supplies everywhere. Crap. Was I in the hospital?

My breath caught when I saw him. His dark brown hair looked as though he had worn a path through it by running his hand through it so many times. His eyes held shadows, and his expression was grim.

I frowned, my panic growing a little. I had troubled him. I was the cause of that serious expression on his face.

I grabbed his sleeve. I wanted to apologize for all the trouble I had caused but I had no idea where to even start. I didn’t know what had happened that had even caused me to be here.

Rhys looked at me for the first time since I had woken up, and removed my hand from his sleeve, looking irritated.

“Don’t touch me right now,” The Alpha King snapped.

I pulled back into myself. What did I do that made him so angry?

“That headache you had was a direct result of you having intimate relations with someone who didn’t mark you.”

I looked at him in confusion. I didn’t know that you couldn’t kiss or be sexual without a mate, that didn’t make sense for what was happening back in my old pack. And wouldn’t that be something that the Alpha King knew? I mean, did he also get a headache like I did?

“How could you not have told me that you were marked by your mate when I was going on about how you would be my bride, and I was thinking that you might be my mate?”

I frowned in surprise. What was he talking about? Marked by mate? I didn’t have a mate...

Suddenly I was back in that dungeon cell that I had lived in for so long. I was feeling off that day and was laying in my cot. I was never truly given the day off, but after a lot of mistakes, Kathy, the head of servants had taken pity on me and sent me to lay down for a while.

I heard the door to the dungeon steps open, but I didn’t have the energy to care about who was coming down. That is, until I saw it was Alpha Adrian... Then I wished I would have hid or done literally anything.

I still remember the sound of his voice that day as he told me how long he had waited for this opportunity. How I was a hard woman to catch alone. He complained that I was always busy, even though my workload was well within his control. And then he got closer. I hated the way his fingers trailed my body, and how his mouth eventually found mine. It didn’t matter how many times I pushed him away, he wouldn’t stop. It never went further because I had managed to get out from under him and run. I slept in the forest for 3 days after that, and I tried never to be alone with him ever again, but it didn’t stop him from trying... I wondered if it was during one of those moments that he had managed to mark me... How could he? He was mated to my sister. How could he have taken away my choice?

My stomach sunk. I was not what the Alpha King wanted anymore. I was ruined. He wouldn’t want me anymore. I tried to take a steadying breath, but it came out shaky. There was no point in telling the Alpha what I sort of remembered. I knew it was my fault that I had not been strong enough to fight him.

The anger on Alpha King Rhys’ face was palpable. Oh god...What if he sent me back to them? Would I even survive going back to that place? Just kill me now if that’s the case... I can’t. I can’t go back.

“I will be looking further into this matter, Grace.” He said, his voice scary dark.

I couldn’t help it, my body started shaking. I knew it was all too good to be true. He was going to send me back when he figured out exactly who it is I belonged to because it wasn’t him.

He looked at me for the first time since dropping all of this information, and his face softened just a little.

“No matter what I find out Grace,” He leaned over me, lifting my chin so my eyes met his. “You will not be going back there. I will not allow them to harm another hair on your head. I know that all that has happened to you is not your fault.”

I breathed a sigh of relief and nodded against his hand. I could feel my body connect with my head again, and I realized how much pain I was in.

“Now that you are awake and aware of what’s going on, let’s go back to your room. Can you walk?”

Despite the pain, I nodded. I could be tough, I would find a way to be useful, so he couldn’t get rid of me if he finds something he doesn’t like.

I knew my old wounds had reopened when I stood up, and I felt the usual painful stretch of lingering injuries. I had worked through these many times before, but it usually took some time for me to block the pain from my brain.

We moved slowly as I tried to gather my bearings, but it was harder than I remembered. I had had worse injuries countless times, but this time, I could barely function.

“This is ridiculous,” Alpha King Rhys said after a few minutes before I was swept off my feet and in his arms.

He didn’t say another word the whole way back, and when we got to my room, he sat me on the bed. As soon as I was out of his arms, he was on the phone with who I guessed was his Beta and Gamma. He paced the room for a few minutes before hanging up.

“I have matters to attend to Grace. Get some rest.” He said as soon as he hung up, and before I could even try and stop him, he was gone.

I looked around from my spot on the bed. I felt really small. I didn’t want to be alone at all, but who would I go to? I thought about going to find Alana, but I talked myself out of it. She probably had only hung out with me because it was her job. I let out a sob. Even in all my time in my old pack when I was completely isolated, I had never felt this alone. Another sob escaped my lips, and the tears wouldn’t stop.

Between the pain and the lonliness, I couldn’t seem to function. I was mated to someone who wasn’t the Alpha King. I had been unconsicous because it. I had pain because of it. I didn’t even know who I was anymore. I was nothing. I was used. And I cried myself right into an uneasy sleep.
###Chapter 15: Grace
I shifted uncomfortably in the bed. I hated how much pain my body was in. I was used to the pain, but without the constant affliction of it, it somehow felt worse than before. Perhaps it was because for once my body was actually healing. But I hated it. I knew I had done more damage somehow when I got that really bad headache, but I couldn’t really remember what had happened, all I remembered was the pain.

I rolled over and climbed out of bed, stretching what I could of my body as I attempted to move to the chair in the corner. I thought maybe a change of position would allow me to be a little more comfortable.

I was about halfway to the chair when the door opened, and in waltzed Rhys. Our eyes met across the room, and suddenly he was next to me, sweeping me off my feet and into his arms. I looked at him in surprise and saw something I didn’t expect: Desire.

He laid me gently back on the bed, and the pain I had been feeling fell away. And before I had the chance to process anything, his hands were everywhere. The light touch of his finger tips up my sides sent chills through me. For the first time in my life, I wanted more.

“How are you feeling?” He asked, his voice husky with something I didn’t quite recognize.

I gave him a small smile. With him, I was okay, and that thought scared me a little.

He tenderly touched my face, and then made his way slowly down my body. He traced every visible scar, and nothing seemed to scare him the way I always thought they would scare any man. I had been told I was ugly enough times to believe nobody would want my tortured body. But this was different than I ever thought it would be.

His lips found mine, and I found myself kissing him back despite my limited experience. His lips then trailed slowly down my neck, as his hands ran up and down my sides with a light touch that made me feel as though I was on fire.

His hand shifted lower, surprising me a little as he slowly began to rub my clit in little circles. I gasped. I didn’t know how I was supposed to feel about this. It felt so different than anything I had ever felt before and a moan escaped my lips. Shame flooded my senses, but I also felt a strange sense of comfort and anticipation.

I heard a door shut, and I sat up immediately with a gasp. No one was touching me. I was alone in my bed, but the Alpha King Rhys was standing at the edge of the bed now with an unreadable expression.

I pulled the blanket up as waves of embarrassment crashed through me. Shame also flashed through me as I realized it was all a dream. How could I have possibly been thinking of the Alpha King like that? Did he know?

I tried to act as normal as I could, but his expression remained unreadable as took off his shoes.

“Did you sleep well?” He asked after a long moment. “I didn’t mean to wake you.”

I nodded, forcing my expression to remain neutral, but a part of me was sure that he knew what had just happened.

I grabbed my whiteboard and began to draw and write what I could in an attempt to distract myself and him from the mortifying dream he had just walked in on. I thought for a moment, before settling on a question mark and the word go, hoping he would know what I meant.

He looked surprised at my initiation, but he took the chalkboard from me without hesitation.

“Where did I go?” He asked to make sure he understood.

I nodded, giving him the confirmation he needed.

“I went to investigate other effects of your marking.” He answered simply as he climbed onto the other side of the bed.

I frowned, wondering what he found. I remembered he said my pack disappeared after he had taken me away from them and I wondered if it had anything to do with my mark that I had no idea I had. I grabbed the chalkboard back from him and began drawing out my thoughts. I knew I couldn’t spell what I was trying to say, so my best bet was a series of pictures.

I drew myself with an x on my neck and then some trees and some stick figures hiding among them, and a line splitting me and them. But an arrow from them crossed the line.

I handed it to him nervously, and hoped he would understand what I meant.

He stared at my drawing for a long moment, and I did my best not to fidget. He stared at it for so long I was sure he had no idea what I was talking about. I looked away in embarrassment before he finally spoke.

“You're asking if they can cross into my territory unnoticed due to your mark? And by they, you mean the person who marked and your old pack?”

I nodded, and he looked impressed with my line of thought.

“Thankfully, no. That is not a possibility at this time.”

I quickly added to my previous drawing a question mark and wrote the word king, before finally adding an arrow from the king to my mark.

“What if I mark you?” He asked, looking up at me over the board, giving me an indiscernible look.

I nodded hesitantly. What if he didn’t want to mark me anymore? What if he didn’t want me at all anymore? What would I do then? He keeps saying he won’t send me back, but if I’m not a suitable bride, then I had no idea what that would mean for me.

“Not unless you became my official Luna would it matter.” He answered, his voice softer than it had been. “But I cannot mark you while you bear another’s mark, it could be fatal for you, and I won’t risk you.”

My heart fluttered at his comment. I wasn’t exactly sure what he meant by that but the way he said it, had me feeling some sort of way. He was quickly becoming something safe to me, and I didn’t have a clue how I was supposed to feel about it. I did know though that pride filled me, and I would do almost anything to bring that impressed look back to his face.
###Chapter 16: Rhys
I looked at Grace in awe. I hadn’t expected her to be thinking about the effects of her mark the way I had been. I also hadn’t expected her to find a way to ask her questions without being able to speak or write. I was surprised by her ability to communicate with me, and whenever she was the one to initiate the conversation, it always caused a feeling that I couldn’t describe. I would love if she would just talk to me, but I would try and find ways to make communication easier for her. Maybe Alana could help teach her more words so she could read and write more effectively. If she was ever to be my Luna, she would need to know how to do those things.

I laid next to her, but didn’t touch her. I just soaked in her presence. I couldn’t believe she was worried about how her being marked might affect my rule. She was nothing like the other woman who I had brought home before. She had a sharpness and intelligence that I hadn’t expected.

I lost myself in my thoughts as I laid there. Sawyer had said while she was unconscious that she had signs that she did have a wolf. That had surprised me more than anything. She didn’t look like she had a wolf. She was so small and frail. But Sawyer was sure of it. He said that her wolf had definitely been bound at least once, but probably more likely had been bound twice. The idea of Grace’s wolf having been bound twice made me a little nauseous, but it did sort of make sense. To be bound at all, usually meant that someone was afraid of her power. Luna Kinsley had said that she was her sister, but why would Grace have those powers, and not Kinsley? Why bound one daughter and not the other? If they were afraid of her power and lineage then it made some sense of how she was treated, why they had abused her. It didn’t make it right, but it did sort of connect some of the dots. They must have feared her potential. And based on what I had seen, Luna Kinsley had everything to fear from her sister because Grace was a thousand times better than her.

"Grace?”

She looked up at me with those big eyes of hers, and I fought my wolf not to get lost in them. He was obsessed with her gentle eyes.

“I will do everything I can to get to the bottom of this. I won’t leave any stone unturned in my investigation. I will have. We will uncover whatever is going on here. You don’t have to worry about a thing.”

She blinked at me in surprise but didn’t so much as show as flash a smile or respond in anyway. I could see the worry in her eyes that I wasn’t sure I could ease no matter what I said. Her old pack had really done a number on her, and I wasn’t sure if I would ever be able to get her out of her head the way I wanted to.

My phone started ringing, pulling us out of whatever moment we were having.

“This is Alpha King Rhys,” I answered, removing myself from the bed, despite how comfortable I had just been.

“The witch, Sandra, you requested has arrived at the agreed upon diner just outside our border,” Leon’s deep voice came through the phone.

“Is the location secure?”

“Yes sir,” Leon responded gruffly.

“Copy.” I replied. “On my way.”

I hung up the phone and looked at Grace who was trying not to appear as though she was eavesdropping.

“I have to go,” I told her as I put my shoes back on. “But you keep resting, and I’ll be back later.”

She frowned but nodded. She almost looked a little lonely, and my heart twinged at that thought, but I didn’t really know how to fix it since she really didn’t communicate much.

As soon as I closed the bedroom door, and immediately spotted Sawyer standing at the counter in the kitchen area. Sometimes I regretted still sharing this floor with my brothers, but I was also grateful that Sawyer was always close by.

“You ready?” He asked as he looked up from his phone and saw me approaching.

“Yea.” I answered, pushing my nerves away. There was no room for them in this very important meeting. I put my mask up and my feelings were gone.

We walked in silence till we got to my car, but as soon as the car door closed, Sawyer started running his mouth.

“Are you sure this is a good idea? I mean, this is risky as hell. We have no idea if Sandra has any idea about bounding and unbounding wolves.”

“We’ve used Sandra before,” I pointed out.

“And it costs more than it was worth.” Sawyer grumbled. “You used an unreasonable amount of resources to find her, and you don’t even know if she can help. Don’t you think this is going a little overboard?”

“Grace deserves to have her wolf free.” I responded gruffly.

“You must really like her to go through all this trouble.”

“I’m done with this conversation, Sawyer. I don’t want to talk about Grace.”

“Then let's talk about what this is going to cost us. You know Sandra is nuts. And for what? I don’t think she will be willing to help us.”

“The cost is irrelevant. I will pay whatever she asks. But she will not be leaving without giving us some answers. One way or the other, we will be leaving here today with the information we need.” I growled.

Sawyer didn’t respond to that. We just let an uneasy silence fall over us as we drove and stared out the window. But I had to admit, I was having the same thoughts as him, but it didn’t matter. Grace deserved to have someone try for her. So, if Sandra could help, even point us in the right direction, then I was going to do whatever it took to help Grace. And if she couldn’t help, then I would find someone who could. But if anyone could, it was Sandra, so I was hoping that I was putting my money where my mouth was.
###Chapter 17: Rhys
I scanned the small diner, but I did not see Sandra. In fact, the whole damn place was empty, except for a small girl in the back corner booth. She had pale blonde hair and looked to only be about 12 or 13. I was mind boggled. I had never seen Sandra despite working with her on several occasions, but a small child didn’t fit the reputation the with had created. I had fully been expecting a lady with greying hair and lots of wrinkles. Maybe someone with flowy robes and a whimsical personality, but the small girl looked serious, and she wore a simple jumper, making me think I was juked.

“Who are you?” I demanded as I approached the table.

“Who do you want me to be?” The girl answered, doing what nearly no one ever dare to: she looked me in the eyes.

“I asked for Sandra to meet me here.”

“I know.”

“Then where is she?” I asked frustratedly.

“You do not believe I am her?” She looked at me quizzically.

“What are you doing here?”

“I heard you have a problem, and it interests me.”

“You’re 12.” I said in disbelief.

“I have complete control over my appearance." The small girl replied. “I am how I am for a reason.”

“Is it to make me feel crazy and uncomfortable?”

“No.” She answered simply. “That is just an added benefit. You requested me. Now, did I come all this way to waste time talking about my appearance or do you have an actual problem for me to solve?”

I glared at her as I slid into the booth across from her, and Sawyer slid in next to me. “I have a problem.” I bit out finally. “I have several.”

“Alright. Then let’s get to it. Tell me, what exactly it is you need?”

“As you probably already know, I have been looking for my Luna for a while now. I have tried several different women over the course of the last few years since I have not been able to find my mate. None have worked out so far, as I am sure you are also aware.”

I paused to make sure the witch was following, and she nodded telling me to continue.

“On my most recent travels, I found a girl, who is different than a lot of the others. She doesn’t speak and she can’t write, so we are having to sort of piece everything together. I know that the people she was living with before me were not kind and definitely more than a little abusive, so we can’t get information from them, and we think they are a large part of the problem.”

“Okay, Alpha Sonnett,” The child looked at me curiously. “That was a great backstory, but tell me what exactly is the problem here?”

I gave her an annoyed look. “This girl I rescued, she has been marked. It appears that she was marked against her will.”

“And you're wondering if it can be undone?” She asked.

“Yes.” I breathed, realizing that I was putting a lot of weight on this singular question.

“Well, theoretically, yes, it can be undone. Since it was not a consensual mark, and I assume she did not mark the person back, she should be able to simply formally rejecting the former marker.”

“Are there any consequences for her rejecting him?” Sawyer asked, speaking up for the first time. I was glad he was my Gamma and her doctor because he could think on both sides of the problems.

“Well, it will probably hurt. If she is still recovering from what has previously been inflicted on her then she might need time to heal first. Her wolf should be able to help her carry the pain though.”

“That’s the other thing,” I said uneasily. “Her wolf is bound. From what my Gamma has told me, it appears to be at least twice.”

Several people entered the diner, as the dinner rush started to come in, and the empty place started to fill.

The witch looked surprised, which made me uneasy, but I kept my face emotionless.

“Her wolf is bound?”

“I just said that, yes.” I growled.

“Well, she would almost positively would not survive the rejection in such a weakened state as you have described.”

I did my best not to show my frustration. This was becoming more complicated by the minute.

“Is there a way to free her wolf?”

The girl drummed her fingers on the table with her thoughts. “It is extremely difficult to do.” She said after a long pause.

“What’s it going to cost me?” I asked through gritted teeth.

She took another long moment before she answered, “3 million dollars, plus accommodations and you provide anything and everything I require.”

“Sawyer, make it happen.” I said after less than moment of thought.

Sawyer looked outraged and surprised that I agreed so readily, but I didn’t need to think. Grace needed this.

Sawyer sighed, but pulled out his phone and began to make it all happen.

The diner was nearly full, and the music was louder, it felt more like a club than anything. I rubbed my head tiredly.

“Where is this girl from that she was treated so bad?” The witch, who may or may not be Sandra asked.

“She came from the Red Blood pack.”

Sawyer’s phone dropped to the table with a clang out of the witch's hand and I looked at her incredulously. “What’s wrong?” Sawyer asked, uneasily.

The witch was frozen. Her eyes were wide with panic in her eyes. During the conversation, I had nearly forgotten she was a 12 or 13 year-old girl, but now she looked every bit one.

“Are you alright?” I asked when she didn’t answer Sawyer, but we could feel the tension building into the uneasy silence... I didn’t like the way she had stopped moving. I didn’t like the way she had responded to the pack name. I didn’t like where this was going.

“I can’t help you.” She said, standing up abruptly.

“What, why?” I asked, but she was already gone disappearing into the crowd.
###Chapter 18: Rhys
I slammed my car door in frustration. I couldn’t believe we had come so close to freeing Grace and her wolf, only to fall short. The witch had to have used magic to conceal her path, but it made me feel like an idiot. How could she have slipped through my grasp so easily? I wasn’t used to being defeated in literally anything and this was by a freaking witch.

“Fuck. That could have gone better.” Leon sighed as he climbed into the driver's seat and Sawyer got into the back seat.

"That was a disaster.” I grumbled.

“We learned a few things. So, it wasn’t a total waste.” Leon rationalized.

“And what did I learn?”

“Well, for starters, we learned that this goes a lot deeper than just Grace.” Leon answered.

“Yea. Grace is the catalyst.” I ran my hair frustratedly through my hair.

“More like you made Grace the catalyst because you removed her from their pack.” Sawyer muttered.

“Explain.”

Sawyer raised his hands in defense before continuing, “I’m sorry. I just meant, if you hadn’t found her, her pack might not have disappeared. The witch wouldn’t have freaked out because she wouldn’t have been called, and we might not have noticed something was off. But now, we know, and we are actively working to uncover it, so we won’t be blind-sided anymore.”

I knew he was right, but I ran a hand tiredly over my face.

“I also think that the fact that the witch was unwilling to help, should very much alarm us,” Leon added. “You are the Alpha King. You should be the scariest thing in this kingdom. If the Red Blood pack has her scared, there’s more going on than we realize.”

“I need to think. Let’s get home and get the team together and we can try and map out what the hell is actually going on and try to strategize from there.” I said after a long moment.

Both my Beta and my Gamma agreed, but I knew they were both thinking about what we had just uncovered. As soon as Leon pulled in the driveway, I felt a weird excitement to go see Grace. I knew I had left her sort of abruptly earlier, but I was hopeful that she hadn’t minded too much.

“Meet in 20 minutes?” Leon asked.

“Yes.” I replied. “My office. I want updates from when we were gone. I’m going to go shower.”

The darkness barely registered in my mind, but it did just enough to realize that Grace was probably sleeping now, so I chose to shower really quick in a guest room.

I felt refreshed and more awake after the shower. My head felt clearer as I made my way to my office.

“Anyone come up with anything new?” I asked as I walked into my office.

“No. There are no leads on where Sandra or any other of the witches live. But we only know of about 7 of them and know of should be used loosely. We have heard rumors of is a more accurate description. That girl could have been Sandra, or she could have been another witch. Since we have never actually met her in person, it’s hard to be sure exactly what just happened.”

“Magic obviously happened,” Sawyer grumbled, unhappily. And I unfortunately agreed with him.

“Okay. Anything weird happen here while we were out?”

Both Leon and Sawyer got quiet and had the nerve to look slightly uncomfortable.

“What happened?” I growled angrily.

Leon swallowed hard, but he met my eyes. “I talked to Damien when I got back, as you know he was in charge while we were out...”

“Get to it.” I gritted out.

“You can’t react.” Leon stated firmly.

“I can’t do anything if you don’t tell me what’s going on.”

“Grace is struggling right now. Sawyer thinks it has to do with the aftermath of her marking.”

“I’m curious if this marking was new or if she’s had symptoms before like this.” Sawyer adds uneasily.

I stood up without thinking and walked to our room mindlessly before Sawyer put his hand on my shoulder pulling me back just before I entered her room.

“I need to go to her,” I told him simply. “She needs me.”

“You need to just let her come out of this on her own.” Sawyer told me. “You can’t help her through this.”

I took a deep breath and opened the door anyway, and I wished I hadn’t gone in at all. She was lying on the bed in the fetal position, writhing in pain. I could see her flushed face from here.

“Grace.” I breathed. “I have to help her.”

“It will pass.” Sawyer said gently. “We just have to let it pass.”

“We can’t just sit here!” I all but shouted. “I have to go to her!”

“No.” Sawyer said firmly. “If you go to her, it will make it worse. She can handle this. You have to let her.”

For 4 days I sat in that chair next to her bed. For 4 days, I made sure she was never alone, so when I had to shower or eat, my beta and gamma sat with her. For 4 days her fever and pain raged on, and there was little I could do. I wanted nothing more than to wrap her up in my arms and hold her, but it would make it worse, so that’s what I kept telling myself. My pack could sense that I was restless, and it made the whole pack restless, and there was nothing I could do to ease it for myself or them. I told myself that I would be this worried over any pack member in this condition, but my wolf reminded me that was a lie.

It wasn’t until late on the fourth night that her fever broke. She was still writhing in pain, but I thought we were through the worst. However, the next time I awoke, I was startled by her raspy, short breaths.

I touched her, thinking maybe she was having a nightmare, and I could wake her up... But I was startled by how cold she was, and how pale her face was. Her eyes were closed, but the pain was still very evident.

“Screw it.” I said to myself and began taking off my shirt and sweatpants. It didn’t matter if it would make it worse now, I wasn’t going to lose her when I could do something to try and help.

I carefully climbed into bed next to her and pulled her close to me before I wrapped us both up in the blankets. Her body felt cool against mine, but I was hoping my own body heat would warm her up quickly.

I texted Sawyer, knowing that he was sleeping and had been up for days trying to help. But the truth was, there was little we could do for her. I didn’t want to make the effects worse, but I also didn’t know what else to do. I just stroked her hair and waited.

It took a while, but finally, her heart rate came down, and her breathing evened out. And for the first time in days, I let myself relax. Grace was going to be fine. 
###Chapter 19: Grace
I woke up slowly. It was rare to have such a peaceful sleep, or to even wake up in a way that was not abrupt. I tried to move and realized that I couldn’t. I opened my eyes and realized that Alpha King Rhys’ arms had me locked in against his very naked body. Oh god. What if he touched me like that? What if he was just like every other person I had know in my old pack?

“You’re awake." His chest vibrated against my chest and his voice was husky with sleep.

I looked at him, as he gently ran his hand through my hair.

“How do you feel?” He asked, turning me toward him more.

I shrugged. I actually felt okay, but I was so confused. Why was he holding me like that and so calm about it? But he reluctantly let go after a moment and got out of the bed, and I immediately missed his warmth.

I grabbed the chalkboard and drew a question mark.

“Don’t worry,” He teased in a manner that surprised me. “If I had done anything, you would know.” And then to top it off, he winked at me before continuing in a more serious tone, “You’ve actually been unconscious for several days now. No doubt a reaction from the mark you carry. You were fevering really bad, but when the fever broke, you had the opposite problem. You got really cold, and your breathing got weird, and I thought body heat might help you warm up, and it did.”

I nodded. I was glad to know that nothing had happened, but I also could tell that despite his calm demeanor about it, his patience was waning. He held back this time, but would he again? What if I was never ready? Would he be the reason I was unconscious for four days next time? Or worse?

“Since you’ve been unconscious for four days, you probably desperately want a bath.”

I nodded a little uncertainly, unsure of what it was he exactly met by that, but I could feel the dried sweat from my fever stickily coating my skin.

Suddenly, I was being lifted from the bed, and carried into the bath, my chalkboard still in my hand, and I gasped in surprise.

I drew a question mark quickly, though it looked a little funky since we were moving. I didn’t even have the chance to show him before he was sitting me gently on the side of the tub.

“If it isn’t blaringly obvious,” He said, as he turned the water on for the tub. “I am running you a bath. “Do you like your water super-hot, hot, or lukewarm?”

I held up a 3. I had had enough boiling water on my skin to last a lifetime. I grabbed my chalkboard, and tried to figure out how to tell him I could do it alone. I drew myself and then I drew a door with him on the other side. And then I wrote “I’m fine.” I did know how to spell both of those words.

He smirked slightly but ignored me. He pulled at the hem of my shirt, looking at me for permission. Whatever he saw, apparently gave him the answer he wanted as he pulled my shirt off. I was surprised at how gentle he was, but I hated being exposed. I hated how ugly my body was, how scarred it was. My old wounds were still so painful.

His hands were then on my hips, tugging at my waistband, and I moved allowing him to take them off. Despite my whole body being on display for him, he surprised me by keeping his eyes locked with mine the whole time. Once I was fully undressed, and very uncomfortable, he lifted me into the tub. I once again was surprised at his tenderness. I wondered if I would ever truly be used to kindness.

“Everything you need should be on the ledge,” He stated backing away from the tub. “I will be downstairs. Come find me when you're done.”

I nodded, but his back was already turned from me, so I knew he hadn’t seen it. I used the time I had alone to quickly wash up and process what was happening. The Alpha King was someone who seemed so intimidating to the outside eye, so I was thoroughly confused with what was happening.

I quickly got dressed, combed my hair, and I was out the door, so I wouldn’t keep him waiting. I was on the stairs when I very nearly ran straight into The Alpha King’s twin, Caleb.

“Ohh, I’m sorry,” He stated with a little smirk as he threw his arm around me, pulling me uncomfortably close. “Didn’t mean to get in your way little Goose. How are ya doing? I heard you had a rough few days through the grapevine.”

I frowned and tried to pull away. Why was he calling me Goose? It wasn’t like I knew him well, and I had no idea how to even react.

“What are you doing, Caleb?” Doctor Sonnett asked, and I had never been so relieved to see him before.

“Just chatting with our dear brother’s special bride. But what makes her so special?” He stated, winking at me. “The way he acts you would think she was the one he’s been looking for.” “Knock it off,” Doctor Sonnett snapped at his brother who finally let me go. “Come on, Grace, Rhys is waiting for us in his office.”

I nodded, and the three of us headed down the stairs together, but the brothers bickered amongst themselves, but I could hardly hear them, it was just muffled noise to me.

Dr. Sonnett knocked on the office door of what I assumed was the Alpha King’s office, which was confirmed when I heard his familiar voice call out, “Come in!”

I stepped in his office and saw that his Beta was sitting in the chair across from him, and there were several other chairs around, making me think they might have recently just concluded a meeting.

“Grace, glad you could join us,” The Beta smiled gently at him, I remembered him vaguely from that day the Alpha King had come to my old pack. He had driven us here.

I nodded, feeling uncomfortable in a room so full of men, especially with the way Caleb was staring at me blatantly in front of his brother.

“So, Grace,” The Alpha King started, “We have decided to go back to your old pack.”

And with those few words, they incited panic immediately. 
###Chapter 20: Grace
I tried to not spiral, but that was nearly impossible. He was sending me back. My biggest fear was coming true. I wouldn’t survive going back. They would kill me. There’s no way I wouldn’t die. They would say I embarrassed them by being seen by the Alpha King and embarrassed them again when I wasn’t good enough for him.

Ugh. I should have tried harder! I should have cooked and cleaned and offered my body more willingly. I should have made myself invaluable. I spent too much time unconscious and injured for me to have really done much, but it hurt to know that he didn’t care enough to keep me. My most recent experience must have crossed the line. I mean, I had been unconscious for 4 days. Just because I woke up to him holding me, clearly didn’t mean he wanted me as a bride anymore, despite what his brother had said just a little while ago.

“Grace? Are you still with us?”

I looked up, tears brimming in my eyes, and realized he was standing right in front of me. I nodded, hoping that I wasn’t wearing my emotions on my face.

“You do realize that I am not sending you back, right Grace?” He voice was serious as his hand cupped my face forcing me to look him in the eyes.

I blinked in surprise. He wasn’t sending me back?

He stepped back and leaned against his desk, putting a distance that I didn’t love between us. “As I was saying, Beta Leon, Caleb and I will be going back to the Red Blood pack to personally handle everything.”

I looked at him in surprise and so did his twin before Caleb schooled his features into a look of disdain. I also felt confused at the announcement since the Alpha King and Caleb didn’t really seem to get along and as far as I knew, Caleb didn’t have a title like Dr. Sonnett did. A part of me once again wondered what had happened between them for them to be like this.

“Why?” Caleb asked.

“So, I can feed you to them when they decide to try and feast on us being there.” Alpha King Rhys responded sarcastically.

I snuck a glance at Caleb who was rolling his eyes before looking back at the Alpha King.

“There is a lot that I believe the Red Blood pack is hiding. I can’t pretend that I’m not worried that they are plotting our demise as we speak. We “took” what they were hiding... which was you, Grace. For whatever reason, they were desperately trying to keep you contained and under their total control. I want to know what they have now that’s keeping them feeling so secure.”

The 3 men talked for a little bit longer. Discussing theories and thoughts that honestly I didn’t care about. The way the Alpha King had just said everything, made me feel like I was some secret weapon or something.

“Now, I think that has been enough excitement for the time being, come on Grace, let’s get you back into bed. You still need lots of rest.” The Alpha king said, pulling me out of my thoughts.

I nodded, and the Alpha King placed his hand on the small of my back as he escorted me back to my room.

“I’m sorry for scaring you.” The Alpha King said once we reached the door.

“It's ok.” I wrote on my chalkboard.

“Is there a specific reason I smell my brother on you, Grace?” I could tell he was trying to be patient, but the words came out as a growl.

My eyes went wide, and I quickly erased my chalkboard and tried to figure out how to explain what exactly happened, but my mind felt blank.

I quickly drew a stick figure representing me, and a stick figure representing the Alpha King and then drew his two brothers and a circle around us and then wrote “we will be famaly” but I didn’t quite know how to spell family.

The Alpha King glanced at the board, and I could see the anger on his face as he pulled me close to him. “I don’t want you hanging around him, Grace. He’s bad ne-” His voice trailed off and his eyes sort of glazed over. I wondered if he was trying to find the right words to tell me of his anger as he started muttering to himself, making absolutely no sense.

“Grace,” He said after a long moment. “Whatever you do, do not leave this room. I will come back for you, but do not leave this room. Understand?”

I looked at him in confusion, but before I could even ask what was going on, he was gone.

A scream from outside drew my attention away from the Alpha King’s abrupt exit, and I turned toward the window. I let out a small squeal as I saw a giant creature being dragged out of the woods by a group of wolves.

The creature seemed to have the upper half of a wolf, but the lower half of a human. It had to be at least 8 feet tall and was fighting the wolves with everything it had. It was swinging their massive claws in large swoops at the wolves as they tried to pull him further into the clearing. The way they were moving made it seem like maybe they were trying to keep it alive.

Two all black wolves sprinted into the battle at full speed, they seemed to be circling the group of wolves and the creature, appearing to be assessing the situation. They were clearly the largest ones out there, besides the monster, but they didn’t really appear to be helping much. However, when one of the wolves that was dragging the creature went flying, hitting a tree trunk with a thud I could almost hear from here, one of the large black wolves went for the kill shot, biting his neck and ripping off his head.

Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god. I bit back a scream as the head rolled toward the other black wolf, effectively ending the battle. My body shook with fear, and I tried to breathe through the panic. What was that thing?!
###Chapter 21: Grace
I ducked away from the window and sat next to the bed on the floor. I didn’t want to see anymore. What the heck did I just witness? That was nuts. Was there only one? Were there more coming? Was it coming to take me away? The silence scared me more than the commotion. The silence gave my head the opportunity to run wild with worst case scenarios. I just couldn’t seem to wrap my head around what had just happened, and my body was shaking with anxiety that I just couldn’t shake.

I sat on the floor for I don’t know how long until a knock on the door startled me. I stood up as quickly as my body would allow me, and I grabbed the lamp that stood next to the bedside table. I didn’t know where to position myself in the room. I felt like I shouldn’t be in front of the window, but I also didn’t want to be trapped in a corner, and the bed was in the middle of the room which also felt like a hinderance. There were no safe options that I could figure out. And this creature would probably be able to smell me no matter where I was. I couldn’t seem to calm my racing heart to think clearly.

“Grace, it’s me.” The Alpha King called out when I didn’t answer after his first few knocks.

I moved hesitantly toward the door and opened it with shaking hands. The Alpha King stood in front of me in all his glory. He was shirtless, and I couldn’t help but once again notice his bulging muscles. He was perfect. The Moon Goddess must have really worked hard on him. Even now, with his hair disheveled and covered in splattered blood, he looked like a little slice of heaven instead of the intimidating Alpha King I knew he could be.

We both stared at each other for a long moment before he said, “The danger has passed. You’re safe now. You don’t have to be afraid anymore.”

I nodded hesitantly, making room for him to walk into the room if he wanted. I wondered if he was the large black wolf I had seen some minutes ago. I tried to ignore the question though and shifted my thoughts to the things that really mattered.

I grabbed my chalkboard and began to draw the creature and a question mark.

Alpha King Rhys looked at my chalkboard and frowned as he entered my room. “What was that creature? That’s what you asking?” He asked a little incredulously, which I didn’t quite understand.

“I’m going to go take a shower, and then we can talk about it.” He said after a moment.

I nodded, and sat in the chair in the corner, still holding the lamp as he disappeared into the bathroom. I knew the lamp probably wouldn’t do me much good, but it made me feel more secure, especially with the Alpha King not in the room with me, even though he was right through the bathroom door if I needed him.

Alpha King Rhys came out of the bathroom with only a towel wrapped around his waist, and I soaked in his now clean appearance which was just as handsome as the guy who came in disheveled from a fight. The way the water glistened on his skin made my heart skip a beat. The worst part was that he seemed to know exactly what he was doing to me. The little smirk on his face said it all as he disappeared into the closet.

When he came out of the closet he had on sweats and a hoodie. Almost as if to say, you saw it but can’t have it in a teasing banter type of way. I regretted having noticed his looks in the first place. It had been an unnecessary distraction from what was going on. There had been a freaking monster in our backyard just 20 minutes ago.

I flashed my chalkboard at Rhys again, demanding my question to be answered this time.

He looked at me in surprise at my ferocity, but responded, “I have absolutely no idea what that thing was, Grace. I have come across a lot of shifters and weird creatures in my day, and none have ever looked even remotely similar to that thing. I have a team currently scouring our library right now, and several people in other packs that I trust also searching for any hint of what the creature was. But it attacked my pack, it had to die.”

“Scared?” I wrote on the chalkboard asking how he felt.

He looked shocked that I would ask him, and I felt uncomfortable again, wishing I hadn’t asked anything.

“I wouldn’t say scared.” He admitted finally. “But I also would be lying if I said it didn’t put me on edge. I’m worried about the pack's safety. Your safety. How it got so far into our territory without anyone noticing. There are too many things I don’t have answers for right now, and I can’t ease the pack’s worries about anything.”

I could see how much it pained him to not have answers, and I felt the same anxiety about not having them as well. But I also knew I was with the most victorious, vicious Alpha there was. He didn’t get his crown without some blood on his hands, so I also had all the confidence in the world he would figure it out before it was too late.

I got lost in my thoughts for a minute, but when I looked up, he was staring at me with that slight smirk I was growing accustomed to.

I drew a question mark on my board and looked at him, wondering why he was staring at me the way he was.

“That lamp,” There was a trace of laughter in his voice. “Is not going to protect you from literally anything.”

I felt my heat rise to my cheeks. I hadn’t even realized I was still holding it. I quickly put it down, back in the space it belonged, and tried not to die of embarrassment.

“Don’t worry, Gracie,” He said, the nickname making my heart flutter. “I will train you. We will make you a tough warrior out of you yet. You’ll never have to fear others again.” He promised. “I will train you myself.”
###Chapter 22: Grace
His promise took me by surprise, but I didn’t say anything. There was no way I could match the Alpha King’s power.

“Don’t worry,” He smirked. “I can control my strength, Grace. I won’t hurt you.”

I touched the scar subconsciously on my stomach. How would my body ever be able to do what I needed it to do? It couldn’t even heal right. I could never protect myself before, even with training I wasn’t sure I’d ever be able to do that.

“Are you in pain?” Alpha King Rhys asked with a frown. He was staring right at my hand touching a large scar across my stomach.

I shook my head no. I was fine. There was always pain, but it was nothing like it used to be, and that scar had been long healed, it just looked ugly now. A sign of weakness. A sign of old humiliations, and never being good enough to even exist. I had often wished I didn’t exist.

The Alpha King knelt in front of me, pulling my hands off my stomach and into his body. “Those scars you have, Grace, they are yours and yours alone. They are your battle scars from wars you didn’t ask to fight in. They are your story to tell to who and when you want. You have gone through hell and back, Gracie, and you have more strength than most people in this world. Think of them as a symbol of your new beginning. The one where you actually get to heal. The one where you don’t have to be afraid anymore. They are a part of you. So be proud that you have made it as far as you have. They are a sign of your strength, your resilience, your power. You never have to let anyone take your power ever again.”

I tried to breathe, but it felt hard. No one had ever said such kind powerful words to me before. No one had ever told me I was strong for having to have endured what was just my life. I had always just existed and endured. I didn’t even know what I could say to that. I couldn’t imagine being the strong warrior he seemed to be making me out to be. But for him, I wanted to try and be everything he saw. For him, I seemed to be willing to do just about anything.



The next few days passed without incident. I stayed mostly in my room, and Alana came to visit a few times. She brought some books each time for us to practice reading and writing. It was a lot of her saying a word, pointing to where it was on the paper and me practicing writing it. She had a lot of patience because we worked on simple words. She also brought up a friend one day whose name was Sam. Sam was deaf, so he used ASL with his family and close friends to communicate. Alana was honest that she and Sam weren’t close, so she didn’t know many signs, but she saw an opportunity for us both to learn, and Sam was happy to help. And I was grateful for the company. I had never really had friends before, and it wasn’t really till now that I truly saw the appeal.

I sat in the dining area eating breakfast by myself. I always sat in the corner by the window. I loved looking out at all the trees, especially because it was fall now and the leaves were slowly changing colors. I loved the contrast of the orange and yellow against the still very green grass. It always took my breath away.

I spent most of my day there. I was sketching with a pack of colored pencils I had found in the kitchen. When the dining room emptied out, I wanted to breathe some of the fresh air. I opened the back door and sat in the doorway. I was never allowed out of my old packhouse, but sometimes, when no one was around, I would sit in the doorway for a change of scenery. I made sure to never cross the line, and I only did it when I wasn’t expected to do anything or be anywhere.

I smiled as I saw the kids in the distance getting out of school. Some ran, and some walked, and the wind carried their laughter. I had never been to school or gotten to be carefree like that. But I wished I had. I used to imagine it as a child. I used to dream I could live the way they did.

“What are you doing?”

I turned to see who was talking, and quickly got to my feet.

“Dr. Sonnett, hello,” I greeted him a little breathlessly.

“I’ve told you,” He smiled, “It’s Sawyer to you. But seriously, why are you just sitting in the doorway?”

“Fresh air.” I wrote on my chalkboard.

“You know you can go outside, right?” He asked. “The danger has passed. There’s no sign of anymore monsters, and we’ve upped security along our borders and in them.”

My eyes widened. I could go outside? I had never been allowed outside alone before...

I quickly wrote on my board, “It’s ok?”

Sawyer muttered the words as he read it and looked at me in confusion. “Of course, it’s okay. You are not a prisoner, Grace. You can go outside anytime you want. Why would you even ask that? Were you not allowed outside before?”

‘Yes, old pack’ I wrote on my board.

“That’s awful.” Sawyer said as a look of disgust crossed his. “You can go out anytime you want. Why don’t you go ahead? I can keep an eye on things if that makes you more comfortable?”

I shook my head no, hesitantly, as a lot of the school children headed this way.

“It’s safe, Grace. Despite the fact that my brother is known as being ruthless. This pack takes care of its own. Everyone protects everyone. We have built a foundation of loyal, united members.”

I nodded finally and took a step outside. Everyone around smiled or was kind. I could do this, but I wasn’t officially a part of this pack, and I worried that when it came down to it, would anyone choose to protect me? And if they didn’t, would it even matter? Freedom seemed to be worth everything to me, and I ran out into the open, ready to explore everything. I couldn’t wait to see what fun could be found in the place I had never been allowed.
###Chapter 23: Rhys
I sat in my office and ran a hand tiredly through my hair. How had I been searching for days and finding absolutely nothing in regard to this monster? There was nothing on how it got through, no noticeable scent to track, no ideas on where even to look. There was nothing in any book. There was no information from any of my stronger alliances. I was coming up completely empty no matter what avenue I tried, and it was beyond frustrating.

There was a loud knock on my office door, pulling me out of my thoughts.

“Come in.” I called out, knowing full well that it was my Beta at the door.

“This is some crazy shit.” Leon announced as he walked in, slamming the door behind him and plopping into the chair on the other side of my desk.

“You’ve found nothing either?” I asked tiredly. This whole thing had me feeling worn and old.

“Nope. Not a single thing. Why don’t we go back to our original plan? Go back to the Red Blood pack. They are definitely hiding stuff.”

“No,” I said firmly. “That monster was no coincidence. Maybe it was them, trying to see if they could breach our borders. Maybe it was a way to draw us out of our territory in search of answers. I have no idea the actual point of what happened. But I have an increasing suspicion that it involves Grace. What they want with her, I have no idea, but it’s not a coincidence that she comes to us and within a couple weeks, a random monster shows up. I cannot leave her right now without the utmost protection. And part of that secure protection is me.”

“So, what is the plan, Alpha?” Leon asked, knowing I was rarely wrong about these things.

“I need you to find that stupid witch. Or any witch to start. It's rarely a good thing when witches are involved. Meeting with Sandra gave us a few places to start, but it also left us with more questions than answers. There is little we can do until we find more answers. So, whatever we have to do, acquire me a freaking witch.”

Leon nodded. We both understood the severity of the situation. If we didn’t get some answers soon, our pack would stay vulnerable, and as the King pack, vulnerability was not an option.

Leon stood up mumbling something about he had to go make a phone call, and I took the time to just breathe for a second. I knew the more I tried to force answers, the less likely they were to come.

I looked out the window when I heard kids' laughter. To my surprise Grace was standing in a wildflower field. There were 3 or 4 kids near her, and I was surprised to see how much she was seemingly enjoying herself. The kids were picking flowers and putting them on her head as they all frolicked around the field. It was sweet. They then started playing a game and they started moving toward the forest.

I immediately panicked. I stood up from my desk, and raced to the back door as my wolf just told me to, “Go, go, go!” I needed to get to her before something bad happened. I needed to warn her not to far. And her being out of my sight for even 10 seconds felt like too much time.

I would have completely blown by Sawyer if he didn’t reach out and grab my shirt forcing me back.

“Let go.” I growled at him.

“No.” He responded with a trace of laughter in his voice.

“Sawyer, I’m not kidding. I have to get to-”

“Grace?” He finished my sentence for me.

“Yes.” I bit out.

“Yea, I know, and I’m telling you as your brother, no you are not going to Grace right this second. She is having fun for probably the first time in her life, and you are not going to march over there and ruin it for her.” Sawyer answered calmly, making me freeze.

“She’s too close to the forest.” I tried. “And what if she gets hurt?”

“This is good for her.” Sawyer answered letting go of my shirt. “She is just playing with some kids and by the looks of it, it’s tag. You are overreacting by a mile. We played way worse games than that growing up.” He teased.

I had no argument for him. He was right, but the idea of something happening to hurt incited a panic in me like nothing else ever had.

“And I’m not an idiot,” Sawyer continued when he realized I wasn’t going to say anything. “I was keeping an eye on things. She told me she had never been outside alone, bro. As her doctor, it’s good for her to try things outside her comfort zone.”

She had never been outside alone before? My heart clenched a little, but I watched her play with the kids for a while. She was running when she caught sight of me, and she immediately stopped.

“It’s time to get ready for dinner.” I told her, trying to keep my voice even, despite my nerves. She nodded at me, but the solemn expression she often wore returned to her face and I hated it.

We walked back to our room in silence, but as soon as the bedroom door closed behind us, she was immediately scribbling on her chalkboard.

“I’m sorry. I was not running away. I was playing.” She wrote. It was one of the clearest sentences she had ever written, taking me by surprise. I hadn’t talked to her much in the last couple of days, but it was clear she had been working.

“I’m not mad. I just worry about you.” I told her gently, pushing a strand of hair out of her face that had fallen out of her ponytail. “I couldn’t stand it if you got hurt.”

“I wanted to try outside.” She wrote. “I’m okay.”

I nodded at her and cupped her face. I couldn’t control how protective I was becoming over her, or how much I really wanted to lean down and kiss her lips in this moment. My wolf wasn’t helping. He wanted her as much as I did these days. But I knew we couldn’t do that right now. I wouldn’t risk her, even if it was increasingly hard to keep my hands to myself. My wolf agreeing with me, suggested that we should just kill the one who marked her, so we could claim her for ourselves, and I couldn’t help but think that wasn’t a half bad plan. The only problem was, who was he officially? 
###Chapter 24: Rhys
I caught myself leaning in despite what my head was telling me. Her big eyes were looking at me, and for once she seemed to have desire in her eyes as well. “Kiss her,” My wolf pleaded. No. I shook my head and backed away. I couldn’t do that to her. She was just beginning to heal. I couldn’t mess that up again.

“You should change for dinner.” I told her, my voice was husky with desire.

She nodded and moved toward the closet, and I sat in the chair for a moment trying to process what just happened. I had never craved intimacy like this before. No one had ever driven me or my wolf this crazy with desire. No one had ever made me think through consequences like this before either. I didn’t want to hurt her. The idea of hurting her made my stomach churn. But the idea of touching her, kissing her, anything with her, made my heart flutter and my restraint wear thin. I had no idea how long I could go on like this, but there was no choice at the moment, and that unsettled me the most.

“I’ll meet you in the dining room!” I called out to Grace. I didn’t wait for any response, or sign she’d give me, I just bolted. I needed to get out of this room and put some space between us before I did something dumb like give into my desire.

I needed calm, but the yelling down the hallway told me I was not going to get it.

“YOU HAD NO RIGHT!” I heard my Beta, Leon yelled.

“It’s not my fault that your mate went looking for what you couldn’t give!” My twin, Caleb shouted back.

“You knew she was my mate!” Leon retorted angrily.

“Hey!” I interjected with a sinking feeling. “What the hell is going on here?”

“What’s going on,” Leon seethed. “Is that this jackass slept with Cara, my mate.”

“What? Caleb why would you do that?”

Caleb frowned. “First off, it takes two to tango, so I don’t know why we are just mad at me. Second, it was a long time ago. I was drunk, she was there, and we had a night. It wasn’t anything special. We never did it again. I don’t understand what the big deal is. It was a long time ago.” He answered simply, glaring at Leon.

“Being drunk is not an excuse!” Leon shouted. “And it doesn’t make it okay!”

“Caleb,” I tried to keep my voice even, but I was fuming. How dare he act like it was no big deal? It was a big deal no matter how long ago it was. He had done this with several of the women I had thought might be the one for me. It had never mattered to him that they were ‘mine’. He had slept with them anyways. “This has gotten out of control. You cannot sleep with every woman you see. There are people involved. People with feelings. People who you are supposed to care about.”

Caleb sneered. “Give me one good reason to care about the feelings of your best friend. What has he ever done for me? But I did care. I cared enough to make sure his mate was well taken care of.”

The insinuation made Leon lunge, and I pulled him back, though a part of me wanted to let him go. Caleb might be my brother, my twin, but he was crossing too many lines for me to be comfortable with his behavior anymore.

“I am serious,” I growled at him. “This is your last warning, Caleb. There will be no others.”

“I was drunkkkkk.” Caleb argued. “It was one time. I’ve done worse before.”

“That shouldn’t matter!” I shot back.

“I don’t get why you would even care. All those women were just using you anyways. They were so stupid; I’d be surprised if they even had brains in their heads! I was just a means to an end, since you couldn’t give them what they wanted. I saved you from their stupidity, so you didn’t have to keep them around that long.”

“It doesn’t matter.” I gritted out. He was really testing my patience and the fact that he showed absolutely no remorse was grinding my gears. “You shouldn’t touch what isn’t yours.”

Caleb let out a laugh, he clearly didn’t see a problem with any of this. “Some of those women came to me, Rhys.”

“That’s not an excuse, Caleb.”

And I wonder just how long it’s going to take for sweet little Grace to come find her way to my bed, when yours is left cold and empty.” He continued taunting.

I didn’t think. I lunged at my brother, knocking us both to the ground. The second he brought up Grace, he went too far, and I realized he would never change.

We both tumbled to the ground as we both started to half shift. Anything went in this moment. Anything but the kill shot. But I wasn’t thinking when I punched him repeatedly, and he swung back, hitting my jaw, and my shoulder. My hand connected with his jaw, and my hand held his throat as he tried to break free. He protected his face with one hand, and began to scratch my other in an attempt to get me to let go.

“Seriously guys!” Leon shouted over the scuffle. “Knock it off before somebody sees.”

But we paid him no mind. This had been a long time coming, and for the first time since we were 12, we were going to do something about it. We hit, kicked, punched whatever we could, somehow finding us both on our feet again, but neither of us were off balance. He ran at me, but I defended myself well, only taking a punch to my shoulder as he attempted to then tackle me.

I heard a gasp register in the background somewhere, and my stomach sank. I turned to see who had made the small noise, begging the goddess that it wasn’t the person I thought it was. But when I turned, my whole body deflated. Damnit. It was Grace. 
###Chapter 25: Rhys
I immediately released the hold I had on Caleb and straightened up. Leon, seeing what I saw, immediately jumped in to hold back a screeching, lunging, Caleb, and I saw someone out of the corner of my eye move to help him. To my surprise, we had a sizeable crowd watching the spectacle, but my eyes were only on one. I hated that I had lost control. I hated it more that I had lost control in front of her.

I quickly straightened out my clothes and ran my hand through my hair. I needed to look as composed as possible for Grace. Grace who was cowering in the door frame, making herself as small as possible. Grace whose sweet big eyes were closed in fear. Grace who I could see shaking from head to toe because of something I did. I did this.

“Gracie.” I whispered as I crouched down in front of her.

She opened her eyes and looked at me with a fear in them I wished I could ease.

“It’s okay. You’re safe now. No one is going to hurt you.” I promised.

She gave me a questioning look as if to say, you turned on your own brother, you turned on your other brides, when will you turn on me? And that felt like a stab in the back that made me feel sick.

“I won’t tolerate disrespect,” I told her, and she whimpered, looking away from me. “He will get what he deserves. You have nothing to fear.” But even as I said those words I felt like I was lying to her. She had no idea what respect actually meant. Her old pack seemed to have mistreated her, making her misunderstand the word, and my words of comfort, weren’t actually comforting at all. It was her own sister who had treated her poorly, and here I was from an outsider perspective doing the same to my brother. I wanted to slap myself for that one.

I gently touched her face after a moment and forced her to look at me, trying to get her to see the sincerity in my eyes. “You are safe, Gracie. It was just a scuffle. He did some horrible things he can’t take back. I handled it poorly. I will handle it right now. Trust me?” I pleaded.

She hesitated a moment before nodding, and I breathed a sigh of relief. I stretched my arms out to help her up and she took them looking gracious. She was clearly still frightened, but she seemed to have it under control, which was a start.

Once we were both standing, I turned back to the sizeable crowd that had gathered and regained my Alpha King composure. I was not the man to be messed with, and brother or not, there would be consequences.

I turned toward my brother, Leon, and another pack member that I knew as Jason. Caleb was still fighting to get out of their grips, but he still when he saw me paying attention to him.

“Back for more, brother?” He asked with a laugh etched in his face.

I smiled at him coldly, and his face fell.

“Due to my brother, Caleb’s, repeated transgressions against your Alpha King and you Beta, as well as several other members of the pack, I have decided that a severe punishment is now necessary.”

There was a murmur among the crowd as more people seemed to be joining to see what was going on. I opened the pack link so everyone could be aware of what was happening.

Caleb laughed out loud, clearly not believing I would do anything of any substance.

“I hearby declare,” I continued loudly, “That Caleb Sonnett will have the choice to be exiled or have a lifelong imprisonment. The choice of his punishment is up to him.”

The crowd let out a simultaneous gasp and Caleb looked at me in shock, he had never expected I would go that far, but I was the Alpha King, and he had threatened what was mine.

“Rhys, surely you can’t mean that.” Caleb tried. “I am your brother! Your twin!”

“And I gave you warning after warning after warning, Caleb. You should have heard me. You should have listened. You made your choices. Not me. I tried to help you. You chose not to stop. You had no remorse for the damage you’ve done to your so-called family. I should have done this a long time ago, but I chose to believe you could change. But you won’t. You made that very clear today. So, no more chances.”

“Please Rhys,” He begged, the panic in his voice so real, I almost gave in. “I am your brother, and this is harsh to anyone. I promise I will do better.”

“You’ve had chances,” I repeated. “I have given you ample chances, more than I ever should have. So, make a choice, or I will make it for you.”

I snuck a peak at Grace. Her face was pale, and I knew she was uncomfortable with what was happening, but she didn’t show it. She stood tall, her blonde hair pulled back into a tight ponytail, for once not falling into her face. I was so proud of her bravery that I almost forgot that we had a whole crowd around us as I stared at her. Key word, almost. And when I remembered, I forced myself to look away from her and back at my brother.

“Rhys, you can’t be serious. What am I supposed to do?”

“It is no longer my problem.” I replied. “If you can’t make a choice, I will make it for you.”

“You would use your Alpha power on me? Your own brother?” His eyes glowed with fury, and I could tell his wolf was fighting for control.

“Yes.” I said calmly, but coldly. “So, what is it going to be? Lifelong imprisonment or banishment?”

And we were met with silence as the question hung in the air between us. 
###Chapter 26: Rhys
I could feel the intense gaze of everyone around us, but I didn’t take my eyes off of my brother. Caleb looked calm, but I could see his inner turmoil to stay or go, but he had to make a choice. He was discrediting everything I had built. Discrediting me. My Beta. Taking our honor. Hurting the people he was supposed to love. It was too much. He wasn’t supposed to do this to his family. He should have taken his warnings more seriously.

“May I have time to pack my belongings?” Caleb said, finally meeting my eyes.

“Yes.” I responded coolly.

“Then I choose banishment.” Caleb answered just as coolly.

I sighed and nodded. “Beta Leon will supervise. You have an hour and a half.”

Caleb grimaced, but nodded, standing on his own two feet, free of the people who had been restraining him.

I nodded for them to go and stood there for a moment, feeling a little lost. I was losing my brother, and despite what he had done, I felt heavy about my decision. He was my twin after all. We might not have been close, but he was my other half.

A small gentle hand touched my arm, bringing me back to reality. I looked down to see Grace’s steady hand of encouragement, knowing what it must have just taken her to touch me first. I gave her a small smile and turned back toward the crowd.

“You may all head on to dinner.” I told them, pulling Grace’s hand into my own.

She looked hesitant but pulled out her chalkboard and stabilized it against the wall before beginning to write.

“You ok?” She asked.

The temptation was too real. I kissed the back of her hand before reluctantly letting it go, so I wouldn’t do something like that again.

“I will be.” I told her.

She nodded in understanding, and didn’t ask any more questions.

“I’m going to go talk to Sawyer, are you alright going to dinner alone now?”

She nodded again, and gave me a small smile. I wanted right then and there to wrap her up and bury my face in her neck, but I contained my desires and moved further away.

I watched her walk to the steps, and I headed back upstairs to my office to call Sawyer.

“Hello?” He answered slightly breathlessly.

“Hey, did you hear the mindlink?” I asked, now regretting broadcasting it out to everyone.

“No, I’m just finishing up a surgery right now. You know that I block it during that.” Sawyer answered with annoyance in his voice. “Is there an emergency?”

“Not quite an emergency, but definitely a situation. Don’t talk to anyone until you talk to me. How long till you're done?”

“My part will be done in about 10 minutes.” He answered, but I could hear the slight anxiety now in his voice.

“Okay.” I answered. “Come straight to my office when you're done. We need to talk.”

“Did I do something wrong?” It was a hesitant question that made my heart hurt. As tough as he was, he struggled sometimes with being a doctor and my Gamma, and he always worried that he wasn’t enough of either.

“No, Sawyer, you did nothing wrong. I’ll tell you everything when you get here.” I said in my gentlest big brother voice.

I sat with my head in my hands in silence until I heard my brother’s familiar knock.

“Come in,” I called out.

Sawyer opened the door hesitantly and moved slowly till he was seated in the chair across from me at the desk.

“What’s going on?” He asked nervously.

“There is no easy way to say this,” I started calmly, “However, our brother has made some choices that I can no longer ignore.”

“Did he do something to Grace?” Sawyer interrupted in a panic.

“No. I mean, nothing more than flirting.” I was glad to see at least one of my brothers seemed to care about her. “No, he slept with Heather, Leon’s wife.”

“No.” Sawyer breathed.

“Yea...” I answered not sure how to break the news. “As you know, this isn’t his first transgression. I have warned him many times, Sawyer, but enough is enough. I’ve let enough slide. I have decided to severely punish him, but I gave him a choice... Banishment or lifelong imprisonment.”

Sawyer’s eyes widened and he looked at me in horror. “What did he chose?” His voice was just above a whisper, and I remembered how much younger he was. He didn’t often show his age, but he looked every bit the younger brother in this moment.

“He chose banishment.” I answered.

“So, this is it?” Sawyer asked.

“You can still say goodbye, he’s packing his things right now. But you won’t be able to disclose any information to him from here on out.”

Sawyer nodded, he looked devastated. “I understand. I tried to tell him -”

“I know, Sawyer,” I cut him off gently. “He made his own choices though. You hold no responsibility for the things he did.”

Sawyer nodded, but the solemn expression he wore didn’t ease. “May I be dismissed?” He asked.

I nodded and he left without a backward glance. I stayed in my office for a little while trying to keep my emotions in check. It was harder than I thought it would be. I didn’t know if this was the right thing to do or not, but I felt as though nothing else had gotten through to my brother, and he needed to be held to the same standards as everyone else. His behaviour had gotten out of hand, and I knew that, but it didn’t make it any easier.

“He’s ready to leave.” Leon mindlinked me.

“Coming.” I replied, and I headed straight out to the front of the packhouse.

I forced myself to be calm, despite the fact that I wanted to beg him to hear me and just to do better. To apologize and actually feel remorse. But I knew I was just kidding myself with those thoughts.

“Here.” I handed him the wad of cash and a credit card. “This should be enough to live on for a while. No other pack will be able to help you. You will be completely isolated. I wish it didn’t have to end like this.”

My words seemed to make matters worse, and you could cut the tension with a knife. No one so much as breathed for a moment. I could see Caleb’s wolf fighting for control, and the hostility and unease in his eyes made me realize he might actually try to fight me for my title. I gave him a moment to try and gain control, but if he couldn’t I would have to force the matter, using my alpha command.

“Caleb,” I warned, letting my own wolf come out a little.

Caleb’s wolf seemed to give him back control as he glared at me before walking toward his car and getting in. The engine revved when my brother’s mindlink blared through my head. “I KNOW SECRETS THAT CAN DESTROY THIS PACK, AND I WILL NOT BE TOSSED ASIDE SO EASILY. YOU HAVE MADE A MISTAKE BROTHER. KEEP YOUR FRIENDS CLOSE AND YOUR ENEMIES CLOSER.”

I flinched as his words echoed in my head and his car sped off into the distance.

“10 years of mating and marriage, he destroyed in 2 days. The one he did it, and the one I found out.” Leon said sadly from his spot next to me. “Now there’s no trust, and a whole lot of hurt.”

I put my hand on Leon’s shoulder, but there was nothing I could say to make him feel better. All I could think about was my brother’s warning. I knew if he ever so much as targeted Grace, he would be a dead man. And I couldn’t help but think that I might just have to kill my own brother in the end.
###Chapter 27: Grace
The Alpha King had mentioned that I should go to dinner, but after the whole showdown with his brother on the third floor, I found myself not hungry in the slightest. I had walked in on them fighting and the fear I had felt in that moment had been too much. I was used to physical violence being used on me, but to see it and not be a part of it was just as scary. I had found myself so terrified that the Alpha King would turn on me, but also that he would get hurt.

I was so lost in my head; I paid no attention to where I was going. My newfound freedom seemed to be getting the best of me, and I had found myself near the medical bay that was on the first floor even though I had never been to this one before.

I immediately noticed Dr. Sawyer organizing supplies. Whatever he was doing seemed to be repetitive, and probably a little soothing but the sadness on his face was undeniable, and it looked like he was carrying the weight of the world on his shoulders.

I slowly approached him from the side, so I wouldn’t startle him, but it didn’t seem to quite work the way I had hoped it would.

“Hey Grace, I didn’t see you come in.” He said tiredly.

I gave him a small smile and wrote on my chalkboard. “You ok?”

“No really,” He answered sadly.

I nodded in understanding. I gestured to the outside, hoping he would get what I meant.

“Why didn’t I go say goodbye?” He asked, clarifying what I was asking.

I nodded, yes.

“My brother, Caleb, has made choices for a long time that I haven’t agreed with. He was his own downfall. It didn’t matter how many chances he got, no matter how many times we tried to save him from himself, he was always going to self-destruct. It just makes me sad. I was closer with him than he was with Sawyer. But my wolf and I mindlinked him our goodbyes. I just didn’t want to see him. It would make me sadder.”

I frowned. I understood why it would make him sadder, but it was weird to think about both Dr. Sonnett and his wolf both occupying his brain and body. I had never had a wolf to connect with and I wondered how it worked. I also had never heard the word mindlinked. I know Sawyer had mentioned it before and so had the Alpha King, but what they meant, I had no idea what they meant.

“Wolf talks?” I finally asked with my chalkboard.

Sawyer looked at me in surprise.

“Yea, my wolf talks all the time. He rarely shuts up in my head.” Sawyer answered, but there was confusion in his voice.

“To you?” I wrote out again.

“Yes, but not only me, he can also mindlink others.” Sawyer answered, stopping what he was doing to now give me his full attention.

“Oh.” I didn’t know how to ask any more questions. I couldn’t spell anything I wanted to say. It didn’t feel worthy of being speech worthy. And I didn’t know how to gesture it to make any sense.

“I know you don’t have a connection to a wolf,” Sawyer seemed to be picking his word choice cautiously. “But didn’t your old pack ever talk about their own wolves around you?”

I shook my head. “No.” I wrote on my board before adding. “But no talk.”

“What?” Sawyer frowned and reread my board several times before he seemed to get what I was saying.

“I mean, yea, even if they didn’t really talk to you, I would have expected you to know how wolves communicate, both with their human’s and through mindlink. It’s like a vital part of werewolf culture. I have never even been to a pack where they didn’t mindlink or where wolves talking to their human wasn’t like common knowledge.”

“They hated me.” I responded on my chalkboard uneasily.

“Still. When you were working there was never like talk about the things people’s wolves were saying? Or their wolves complaining about not wanting to work?”

I frowned and thought about it for a minute before shaking my head, no. I had never heard anybody talk about their wolves the way Sawyer was. Was that wrong?

“When they needed someone in the packhouse, did they send you or did they use silent communication? Because silent communication is sort of what mindlinking is. We don’t have to speak but we still can talk to each other through our wolf’s ability.”

The way he described the mindlink made sense, but I didn’t think my old pack had used it. I thought back to the day the monster thing had terrorized the pack, and how just before it Alpha King Rhys’ eyes had sort of glazed over sort of becoming unfocused. My old pack had never done anything like that. I couldn’t even remember ever seeing anyone so much as shift. I had never really thought about it before, but now it had me questioning everything.

“Me.” I wrote. “Sent me. Or other serv-” I had no idea how to spell servant.

“But you don’t talk?” Sawyer questioned. “How did you tell them?”

“Got trouble.” I wrote.

Sawyer nodded in understanding. “Well sending other servants I guess makes sense if they didn’t mindlink.” He said tiredly. “You should go tell Rhys everything you just told me though. It might help with our investigation.”

“I trouble?” I wrote out, not sure if I was even spelling trouble correctly.

“No Grace,” Sawyer said gently. “This is just a very odd thing that doesn’t make any sense. Rhys just needs to know. Would you like me to come with you?”

I hesitated for a moment and then nodded. My nerves were on fire, and I could feel the butterflies in my tummy. The Alpha King had just banished his own brother, it would take way less for him to banish me. So despite Sawyer’s words, I was scared to death to tell the Alpha King what we had just learned, and maybe, just maybe, Sawyer would be able to help me explain what we had just uncovered about my old pack...
###Chapter 28: Grace
I walked with Sawyer in silence back to the main area of the house, and up the million stairs toward the Alpha King’s office. My mind was racing. How was I going to explain what Sawyer and I had been talking about? I was only able to talk with him because he asked questions and could follow my line of thinking. How was I to explain what we just talked about from the beginning without the leading questions? How was I to know what was important? I had spent most of my life alone. I had never had a friend before. I had never been someone they even held simple conversations near as if I would poison their thoughts or something. I had no idea what mattered or even what was different from this pack because I had barely even been in this pack. My anxiety was borderline out of control, and I tried to take a steadying breath. I didn’t even have a wolf, how was I supposed to know how any of this worked???

My steps faltered as I felt a faint and subtle reaction within me when I had thought about not having a wolf. What the hell was that? I didn’t even have words for how that felt or how unsettling it was. It wasn’t my reaction. How could it not be my reaction? I was losing it.

We reached the Alpha King’s door and I reached out and knocked gently before I could back out.

“Enter.” The Alpha King called out.

Sawyer opened the door and ushered me through it and further into the office till I was standing at the Alpha King’s desk.

“What brings you two here?” The Alpha King’s gaze was tired and cold, which in turn made me even more nervous. “Come to tell me you want Grace for yourself, Sawyer? That you plan to sleep with her too?”

I felt my cheeks flush, and I watched Sawyer’s face morph into rage.

“That was uncalled for, and you know it. Apologize. Because we aren’t the ones you are mad at.”

The Alpha King looked surprised for a moment before his face softened to grief. “You're right. I’m sorry. Now, why are you here?”

I looked to Sawyer, not knowing where to begin. I had no idea what I was supposed to say.

“My pack,” I wrote slowly on my chalkboard when Sawyer was no help. “did not -” I froze and realized I had no idea how to spell mindlink, it hadn’t been in any of the books Alana and I had gone over.

This time, I fully turned to Sawyer and signed the word help then wrote an M on the board so he could see what I was talking about.

“Oh!” He said in surprise when he realized what I was talking about. “Mindlink. M-I-N-D-L-I- N-K"

“What’s this about mindlinking?” Alpha King Rhys demanded angrily as I scribbled the letters that Sawyer had just told me.

Fear surged through me as I flashed him the board. He was going to banish me, just like he did his brother. Or worse... Maybe he’d torture me so I’d remember my place. My old place was really where I seemed to belong.

“Your old pack doesn’t mindlink?” He asked, his voice cold and not inquistive at all, and all hope I had that he would understand faded.

I shook my head, fearing his wrath that I had seen in full force earlier this afternoon.

“What kind of sick game are you playing, Grace?” He shouted, making me cower back slightly behind Sawyer as the Alpha King grabbed my chalkboard out of my hands. “What is it that you are hiding? You’re just like the fucking rest of them.”

I looked around trying to figure out how to convey what I needed to. I saw a water bottle on his desk and before I could back out. I quickly cleared all important looking documents off his desk as another “what the hell” escaped his lips.

I quickly started trying to draw with the water. I drew the Alpha King and a wolf = 1 and then I drew the Alpha King and a wolf = 2 before stepping back and looking at him expectantly. I knew it wasn’t super clear, but I was hoping it was enough to at least start him asking questions.

“What does this mean?” The Alpha King grumbled.
Sawyer moved to see it better and it took him a minute before he said, “Ahhh. Okay I get it. She’s saying she thought that the wolf part of us was just our consciousness in different forms. She didn’t know until we were talking that the wolf part of us is independent in a sense. She didn’t realize we talked to our wolves or that they had their own thoughts that are separate from ours. Right, Grace?”

I nodded confirming exactly that.

Alpha King Rhys looked up at him in surprise and frustration. “How did you get that?”

Sawyer shrugged. “She drew the same image with a one and a two. And she was surprised downstairs when I said our wolves talk to us. It made sense.”

I nodded and began to gesture again. I pointed to myself, then gestured all around me, signed no, before pointing to my eye and finger spelled wolf.

“Your pack didn’t show their wolf side?” Sawyer asked.

I shook my head no.

The Alpha King ran his hand through his hair exhaustedly, and surprise was etched on his face.

“Rhys, you okay?” Sawyer asked when he didn’t say anything.

“This is bizarre.” Alpha King Rhys said after a long moment. “It doesn’t make any sense. There has to be something we are missing.”

“I asked Grace to tell you because I thought it might help the investigation.” Sawyer said hesitantly, and I realized then that he was closer to my age than Alpha King Rhys was.

“Well, it leads me to far more questions, that’s for sure. It’s gotta be a part of a larger conspiracy. Thank you for sharing, Grace. I’m sorry I snatched this in anger, that was not right of me. You were just trying to help.” He handed me back my chalkboard. “Tomorrow we will return to the Red Blood pack to uncover the truth. A surprise raid seems necessary. We will leave first thing in the morning to hopefully arrive by nightfall.”

Sawyer nodded, but I felt fear. If this backfired, it would backfire specifically on me, and I had no idea what to expect.

But there was something in the Alpha King’s voice when he said, “Tonight we plan, tomorrow we get the answers we’ve been waiting for!” And I realized if he asked, I would probably follow him anywhere.
###Chapter 29: Grace
I stood at the window of our room and stared out into the pack land. I could see Alpha King Rhys helping load cars and organize warriors for the raid. He had been at it for hours and the sun was just starting to come up. I knew he was gathering the best warriors we had and preparing for a potential conflict, but I wasn’t sure we were ready for it. I mean, I knew I certainly wasn’t, but that didn’t mean I could sit this one out.

The Alpha King, Beta Leon, Gamma Sawyer, Delta Damion and myself had sat in the Alpha King’s office for several hours after the Alpha King had declared that they would be raiding the Red Blood pack. Sawyer had helped me loop everyone in on what we had discovered while talking, and I could still hear Delta Damion’s voice saying that none of this was making sense. That was the point though, none of it was making sense, hence why we were now invading.

The plans were all drawn up. Who would be going, and where they would be stationed. Damion would stay behind, watching for any attack that they may counter with, and ready to call for reinforcements if needed. Beta Leon would stay just beyond the Red Blood pack’s border, so as not to lead them on to this being a direct attack. He could also be on the lookout for strange things. He could intervene if we needed him, or he could go home and help if they were under attack. He was our middleman. And that left me, Sawyer and the Alpha King to enter their pack. And yes, I was included in these plans. The Alpha King hadn’t given me a choice, which had left me stunned and insanely anxious. The Alpha King promised that I wouldn’t have to face anyone alone though, and I had begged him not to leave me there no matter what they found. He then touched my face, and looked me in the eye, and promised that no matter what happened, he would not be leaving me behind, and we were going to do this, together.

Now, everybody had their assignments, and I stared out the window feeling uneasy. I would be okay with never going back, but that wasn’t a choice. The Alpha King had told the maids to dress me like a true princess, and I felt severally out of place, even though I was in a palace. The dress was the finest piece of clothing I had ever even dreamed of seeing. It was a deep v pale blue lace dress that hugged my waist and puffed out. I hated that it showed my scars, but part of was proud of myself was being brave enough to show them off to the people who gave them to me.

“Come on, Grace,” The Alpha King’s voice pulled me out of my thoughts. His hand was held out to me, and I wondered how long he had been waiting on me.

“Sorry.” I signed.

“No need to apologize.” He soothed, as he guided me out of the room.

He also looked handsome. His dark hair was combed off to the side, and he had recently shaved. He was wearing the same coat he had worn the first time he had come to my pack.

“How are you doing, Gracie?” He asked once we were in the car, and it was just us again.

I shrugged. I didn’t even know how to begin to explain how I felt. I felt like a mess. I felt like I could just explode with anxiety and grief and everything in between. Did that make me okay? Would I ever be okay?”

“Remember love,” He said gently, and my heart fluttered at the new nickname. “I am not sending you back to these people. I will not be leaving you behind. This mission to provoke your old pack and make them give us answers. I am not giving you back to them or giving you to anyone ever again. You are mine, okay? You are my bride. My future. My chosen mate. My maybe fated mate. We go together, and we leave together. Are we clear?”

I nodded, my heart racing at his words. That was probably the most romantic thing I had ever heard in my life, and it was directed at me. I wondered if he had had me dressed like a doll to make a statement. If this was his way of telling my old pack, “Fuck you, I made it.” I touched my hair subconsciously. Alana had put it into a fancy braid bun, but was it enough to claim practically princess?

“You look beautiful.” The Alpha King said, pulling my hand away from my hair.

I blushed at his words. Was this what it really felt like to be treated like a human? To have someone even sort of like you?

We fell into a fairly comfortable silence for the rest of the drive. The Alpha King closed his eyes for a while, but I knew he wasn’t sleeping. I’m sure he was trying to envision whatever we were going to run into and how to plan for it. I, on the other hand, stared out the window. The last time the Alpha King had tried to get answers from my pack, no one had been there. Would they try to do the same thing again? Would we find anything at all?

Soon, the buildings began to take shape, and I recognized the houses as a smaller version of the convoy passed through. Everything looked the same but felt different. I saw familiar faces. Several people stopped to stare at the convoy, and I had to fight the feelings that threatened to come out. They had bullied me. They had done nothing to protect me. I had just been a child when everything had started, and nobody had stepped up to help me until a stranger showed up on a random Tuesday. The pain I felt with that threatened to consume me, but to my surprise, so did the desire for revenge... I wondered which feeling would win as my sister and the packhouse came into view, and a part of me hoped it was revenge. 
###Chapter 30: Grace
The Alpha King gave me his hand as we stepped out of the car, and Kinsley was right there to greet us. I wondered if she had been mindlinked or if she had been informed of our arrival another way.

Kinsley looked very much the same as I had left her. She was dressed to the nines. Her dress was just below knee length, and it hugged her figure in all the right places. Her hair was in an updo, held in with a claw clip. She looked so stunning that I almost forgot I was dressed beautifully too. I was not the girl who had left here, and being this close to Kinsley sent a weird sensation through me that I didn’t know what to do with.

“My dear Alpha King and Grace,” Kinsley should have bowed, but she remained righted much to Alpha King Rhy’s dismay. “To what do we owe this unexpected visit? I am so excited to see you both. Grace, you have been missed.”

The Alpha King’s hand tightened around mine, and I had to remind myself that I would not shrink around the people who made my life a living hell for all those years. She meant that they missed abusing me, and I would not be granting that any of my conscious thought.

“According to our alliance agreement, I am within my rights to visit the pack periodically to see project updates and see that things are running to my standards.”

Kinsley wasn’t looking at us as she walked beside me, leading the way to the pack house. But I saw her swallow and noticed her unease. I was surprised at how the same everything looked and yet it was all so different. This was no longer home.

“Of course, your majesty,” Kinsley backtracked. “I just wish we could have had more time to prepare. We would have loved to supply you with a feast and had rooms drawn up for you and your men.”

“And Grace.” The Alpha King added coolly.

“Yes, of course Grace is included in that.” Kinsley stammered. She wasn’t used to being kind to me, and she had thought I would be useless to the Alpha King. She never expected that I would eventually be his bride. At least that’s what he kept telling me.

To my surprise, Alpha Adrian didn’t come running to greet us, and I wondered where he could be. He would have never missed an opportunity to suck up to the Alpha King.

“Where is Alpha Adrian?” Alpha King Rhys asked coldly, seemingly noting the same thing I had. “I had unresolved issues and things to discuss with him, hence the visit.”

I noticed Kinsley’s eye twitched, and I knew that meant that she was trying to stay calm about something even though she wasn’t.

“Come on,” She forced a smile. “We can wait in the lounge for my husband and the Beta. They are out right now, but they should be home soon. I’m sure after such a long travel day you must be exhausted and a little hungry.”

Being in the packhouse was even weirder than just being back in the pack. I had hardly spent any time on pack grounds, but I had spent nearly every moment of my entire life in this house. The memories of all the torment I had to endure came flashing back with every step. Kinsley once hit me with that umbrella by the door simply because it was raining, and I couldn’t make it stop. I had my head bashed into that sink in the bathroom for having the nerve to pee during working hours. I had more burns and little knife marks covering my hands from every second I had to work in that kitchen. Kinsley and Adrian had thrown me down these steps more times than I could even count.

“Please, sit.” She wasn’t even directly addressing me, but the words still seemed difficult for her to even say.

The Alpha King led us to the couch he had been sitting on the first time we met. He gestured for me to sit first, and then took his place next to me.

Kinsley grabbed a bell from the side table near the door and rang it loudly. A servant immediately appeared, and Kinsley ordered them to return with snacks and tea, stating again how hungry we must be after our long travels. The servant didn’t so much as spare us a glance before bolting from the room to get what Kinsley had asked for.

“So, Luna Kinsley, where is your husband?” Alpha King Rhys asked once the servants had brought in the tea and snacks.

“Oh, he’ll be back soon,” Kinsley tried to play it off. “He’s out on business right now You know how it is. I can hardly keep up with my own schedule, let alone his.”

I tried not to laugh because we both knew that Kinsley had no schedule to keep. She pawned everything off on others.

“I hope he’ll be back soon; we have important business to discuss.” Alpha King Rhys stated coolly.

“Please, while you wait, just enjoy the refreshments to ease your fatigue. I know how hard it is to travel so far.”

I snuck a glance at the Alpha King. He appeared to be irritated, but he lifted the offered cup, and my unease only intensified as I stared at the cup. What the heck? I couldn't help the feeling. It was overwhelming. I almost couldn't breathe as I just stared at his cup. What was the deal with this cup? He started to raise it to his lips and before I even knew what I was doing, I knocked it out of his hand, startling everyone including myself, but especially Kinsley.

The Alpha King’s eyes met mine in surprise, and I looked at him with pleading eyes, begging him to understand. I had no idea how to explain the feeling I had about the drink; I just knew he couldn’t drink it.

He seemed to get what I was telling him because the next thing I knew, he stood up and grabbed Kinsley by the neck, lifting her off the ground.

A small gasp escaped my lips, and I tried to keep my emotions in check as fear threatened to take control.

“WHAT DID YOU DO?” He demanded.
###Chapter 31: Rhys
I grabbed Luna Kinsley by the throat and slammed her into the wall. I watched fear cloud her eyes as she squirmed beneath me, but I didn’t loosen my grip. There would be hell to pay for messing with me and what’s mine!

“WHAT DID YOU DO?” I demanded, showing my teeth and letting my aura slip a little.

“Nothing!” Kinsley exclaimed.

“Do. Not. Lie. To. Me.” I growled, tightening my grip.

Real tears fell freely from Kinsley’s eyes, unlike her usual fake tears, but she stood by her story. “I- I- didn't do anything! Please believe me! It’s her! She’s framing me!”

“So does that mean that you were trying to poison Grace or me?” I asked, but the idea of her trying to harm Grace right in front of me just made me angrier.

“Please let me go! My husband won’t appreciate your hands on me!”

“Your husband is lucky I didn’t kill you for trying to POISON ME!” I roared. “Tell me why you tried to poison us! Does it have anything to do with the mark on her neck?!”

“What?” Kinsley’s face visibly paled, but the confusion on her face looked real.

“Who from this awful pack had the nerve to forcibly mark this girl?!”

The longer this went on, the angrier I was getting. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Grace reach out to a shaky hand toward me, just as the door to the room swung open, revealing a very angry Adrian. Grace’s hand recoiled immediately.

“Get your hands off her!” He shouted, shoving me back. His shove was weak and had no impact on me, but I moved away slightly so I could shield Grace more.

“Well, well, well, look who finally showed up.” I jeered, clapping my hands slowly.

“Just because I’m not here means that you have the right to touch my mate?” Adrian seethed.

“Your mate tried to poison us!”

I watched Adrian take a small breath in an attempt to calm himself, but there was still anger burning in his eyes, and something else, that looked something like lust every time he looked at Grace, making me want to hide her anywhere but here, so he would never be able to see her again. I wanted her to be anywhere but here...

“Please, let's just all calm down here. This is all just a big misunderstanding.” Adrian tried.

“How is poisoning me and my mate a misunderstanding?” I asked through gritted teeth.

I could see a blush rise to Grace’s face at the word mate. It was clear she still wasn’t used to such words.

“Your mate?” Adrian stuttered.

“Yes. And that leads me to my next question since you are her old pack Alpha, who the hell marked her without her consent? Because she sure as hell wasn’t living a good, mated life when I took her with me on my last visit.”

I watched the worry on Adrian’s face grow as he just as quickly tried to mask it. He seemed to realize much quicker than I expected that he was in a losing battle, but I was curious what their next move would be since they always seemed to be a step ahead.

“Listen, Alpha King Rhys, my mate meant you no harm. She saw her sister, who as you know has had a very troubled past as I am sure you have noticed in your home as well... And she panicked. It was all in self-defense.”

“First of all, Grace has a name. Second, she has caused no trouble in my home which is leading me to question your leadership skills, and your failure to protect those under you. Third, Grace hasn’t done a damn thing since was got here. She hasn’t spoken, she has hardly moved, she has sat here calmly and politely, and protected me from your poison, so I’d like to know more about her time here, and why the hell she was marked without her consent?”

“It was my Beta, your majesty. Grace had led him on and he lost control of himself.”

“Do you let everyone in this god forsaken place just do as they please?” I growled. “Bring him to me! There will be hell to pay for touching what is mine.”

“Of course, yes, Kinsley, go retrieve Beta Quinton.”

Kinsley nodded, but it wasn’t hard to miss the fear on her face as she slipped out of the room and made eye contact with me.

“Grace?”

She looked up at me with her wide blue eyes of hers that showed her fear so openly.

“You are being so brave. I will make them pay for what they have done to you, my love. You are so much more than they say.”

She looked hesitant, but she nodded, nonetheless.

“Now, should we talk about our alliance now, Alpha King Rhys?” Adrian asked, trying to pull the attention off of Grace, almost as if he was afraid she would say something.

“Alpha Adrian, I think you must be delusional if you think our alliance is still intact, after a poisoning attempt and the mistreatment of my mate.”

“Sir, please, let’s leave the past in the past. We have so much to offer you.” Alpha Adrian continued to plead his case.

“I’m aware of what you have to offer.” I forced my voice to remain calm even though all I wanted was to rip them all apart.

Alpha Adrian misunderstood what I meant by my statement, and immediately began to go into great detail about the things he thought would benefit my rule. But there was something off. Something he wasn’t saying.

Grace touched my arm gently. She seemed to notice the shift in my mood, and her face looked worried. I took her hand in mine, reassuring her that I wasn’t actually going back on my promises to her. I was just letting Adrian talk... Hoping he would talk enough to give us a clue to what exactly we were missing when it came to them. And when he finally did, there would be hell to pay. And I couldn't wait for the opportunity to have revenge, because I would be getting my revenge. 
###Chapter 32: Grace
I felt like the room was spinning. Beta Quinton marked me? I hardly ever interacted with the man. Adrian always made sure I never really interacted with any males in the pack. Beta Quinton was one of the usual tormentors, and he would help with punishments and things of that nature, but to be given the chance to mark me? Something about that felt off... But then again, I really didn’t remember that night well. It was all a blur. It could have very well been him, but I wasn’t sure I’d be able to say for sure.

The door to the room opened slowly. Kinsley walked in with the Beta just behind her. Her mascara was no longer smudged and running down her face, so I knew she had taken a moment to clean herself up and get her composure, but there was little she could do about the handprints from the Alpha King on her neck.

“Alpha Adrian, Alpha King Rhys, I was told you wanted to see me?” The Beta asked, but there was obvious confusion on his face. I might not have been involved with much that revolved around the pack, but I did know that Beta Quinton was almost never involved in things of this nature.

“The gig is up,” Adrian said coldly. “The Alpha King is most displeased with your decision to mark the girl. But if you beg for his forgiveness, and accept your punishment, I’m sure he will go easy on you.”

“Marked her?” The Beta’s voice shook. “I didn-”

“Enough lies!” Alpha King Rhys snarled. “I want my mate. She is mine, and I DO NOT SHARE!” He paused for a moment, and I knew it was his way of trying to contain his rage, and he was barely hanging on. “You will accept Grace’s rejection, are we understood?”

Beta Quinton nods, but the fear in his eyes was so palpable, I started to feel my own nerves set in. Beta Quinton was not a good man, I knew that, but was he really the one who forced his mark on me? I mean, he could barely look at me in the past. Was that because he regretted marking me or was there more to it that I just didn’t understand. He didn’t have the same lustful look in his eyes as so many of the other men in the pack.

“Grace, prepare yourself to reject him.” The Alpha King prompted coldly.

I nodded, but my palms were clammy, and my heart started to race. Oh god, I would have to say the words out loud. I hadn’t even thought of that till now. I hadn’t said a word aloud since I was a child! It only ever got me in trouble and what if this only got me in more trouble?! Oh god, oh god, oh god.

“Grace, come on, do what we discussed, reject him.” The Alpha King demanded.

I knew he was trying to keep his calm for my sake, but he was reading my hesitation like a book. I was not the girl he wanted me to be. No matter how much he said it, I was sure I wasn’t his mate. His mate had to be strong and beautiful. And I couldn’t even speak, even when my life seemingly depended on it. If I wanted to stay with the Alpha King, I had to do this, and I couldn’t. I couldn’t make myself form the words.

“How typical of Grace,” Adrian sneered. “Can’t ever just follow simple directions.”

I felt my face flush and tears began to flood my eyes. I was useless. I had always been nothing but useless.

“Shut up, Alpha Adrian,” The Alpha King growled. “Don’t talk about things that you can’t even begin to understand.”

“I’m just saying, this is just a taste of how she was in our household. Always so disobedient. It’s a wonder that anyone would want to mark her at all.”

“Yes, one time I asked her to use the blue dishes at a party and she couldn’t even do that!” Kinsley added in. “She put out a mix of colors, using the cream dishes and the blue. Oh goodness, it was so distasteful.”

The Alpha King rolled his eyes and looked at me expectantly. I made eye contact with Beta Quinton who was trying so hard not to show his panic, but his eyes were wide with fear and his whole body was shaking.

“Pl-please Grace, j-just get i-it over with. Re-reject me.” The Beta pleaded.

But as I stared at him, I couldn’t help but think he was an innocent man. At least in this specific regard. The way Adrian had ‘known’ it was him just really didn’t make sense to me. I suppose the Beta could have confessed it to him, but the Beta didn’t seem to be the kind of man to do that, so there was something here that we were missing.

“Grace?” The Alpha King’s impatient voice drew my attention back to him.

I looked at him this time, begging that he’d understand what I was trying to convey. The only thing he seemed to get though was that I couldn’t go through with it. I couldn’t convince myself that I should speak. I didn’t know what would happen if I did, but I knew that I couldn’t.

“See?” Adrian spoke up again. “She wanted to bear his mark. Such silly talk about how she was forced into it, now seems so silly. Clearly, she still wants him, and she be moved back to the pack immediately.”

Beta Quinton stood up and bolted for the door, he knew that he was being setup and he knew the price he would end up paying. He was one of the smarter ones in the pack, but the panic in his movements was obvious and uncoordinated. “I won’t die for her!” He exclaimed in terror.

Even in his panic he was fast, but Alpha King Rhys was faster. He shifted his right hand into his wolf’s paw, which I didn’t know he could do. His claws were long and sharp as slashed Beta Quinton’s throat from behind, catching up to him in only two steps, killing him instantly.
###Chapter 33: Grace
Chaos erupted around us. Kinsley and the servants around screamed, but the Beta hadn’t even had the chance to scream. I gasped as blood poured from his very open throat as he dropped to the floor, a pool of blood now surrounding him. I looked at the Alpha King, worried that maybe I was next since I couldn’t utter the words of rejection. Would he hate me now? Was I next?

“Why did you do that?!” Kinsley shrieked. “He was our Beta!”

“I wanted the bond severed. I had to be sure.” The Alpha King shrugged, but he wasn’t even trying to hide the smirk on his face.

I looked to Adrian whose mouth was set in a small frown, but his eyes were wide. He didn’t say a word, which honestly surprised me.

“You have no idea who you are messing with!” Kinsley screeched, snapping Adrian out of his shock. “There are things going on that even you, Alpha King Rhys are unaware of! We could have helped you!” Adrian grabbed her, and started to drag her out of the room, but she kept yelling. “You will regret this!”

I tuned her out as I watched the Alpha King’s eyes glaze over. I knew now that meant he was mindlinking someone, and if I had any guesses, it was probably to tell Beta Leon to follow them.

He then turned his attention to me, and I felt my nerves flutter. He wasn’t looking at me with hate, but I could see the confusion on his face.

“You aren’t in pain?” He asked, gently touching my face.

I shook my head slowly. I didn’t feel any different at all.

“Did you want to be marked?" He asked calmly, but there was tension in his voice like he wasn’t sure he wanted to know the answer.

I shook my head quicker this time and wished that I had my chalkboard. I wasn’t sure how to convey to him that I wasn’t sure it was the Beta who had marked me.

I thought for a moment, which was kinda hard to do under the Alpha’s King’s scrutiny, but then I had an idea.

I pointed to the crumpled body on the floor.

“The Beta?” He clarified.

I nodded, and then pointed to the mark on my neck and then made an X with my arms, hoping that he would understand what I was talking about.

“You don’t-” He started, but was cut off as the door swung open with a bang causing me to flinch.

“That was dramatic, Leon.” Alpha King Rhys teased with a slight smirk. I was so confused at how he could be so light in a moment like this.

“My apologies, my King,” Leon said breathlessly. “But they’re gone.”

All sense of teasing disappeared, and the Alpha King face twisted into fury.

“What did you just say?” He asked, forcing a calm I know he didn’t feel.

“Alpha Adrian, Luna Kinsley and their ENTIRE pack have disappeared. We’ve looked everywhere. It’s just like before. They must have a secret hiding place, but I checked all the usual placements for one and I have found no trace of them or a hiding spot.”

The Alpha King slammed his hand onto the coffee table, channeling all of his rage into that hit effectively causing the coffee table to snap in half, and the Alpha King to appear slightly calmer.

“We have been deceived. Do you see Grace’s neck?” The Alpha King growled.

“She’s still marked? I thought you killed the guy who marked her?” Leon frowned, looking over to the dead body that still laid between us and the doorway.

“Clearly, he died because his Alpha framed him.” The Alpha King sneered. “He probably would have died in the end anyway, but it’s a pity that we didn’t get more answers from him. This pack is full of lies and deceit and I want to know all of it. Leon, I want us to go over our contracts with them again to see if what they were asking for from us has any further relevance. I want a search party left here, and nobody from it leaves till they are found. We will not let a random pack cause this much disruption without severe consequences.”

“Yes sir.”

“Tell Gwen that she is in charge here, and that we are leaving.” He said shortly, before ‘sneaking’ a glance at me and softening a bit. “We’ve tortured Grace enough here today.”

I looked at him in surprise and felt incredibly vulnerable. Did he really care about how I was feeling? Could he really tell that I was beginning to feel the anxiety eating me alive? That flashes of my life here kept flashing before my eyes? Did he really see me?

He reached his hand out to me, and I took it without a second thought. He wasn’t mad at me for not being able to speak in front of everyone. He didn’t hate me. At least I didn’t think so.

We made the walk to the car in silence. Both of us looking around as if they would attack us for the stunt Alpha King Rhys had pulled earlier, but it was eerily silent. There was nothing except the sound of the wind, which sounded like it was howling in the silence.

The Alpha King opened the door for me and I climbed in tiredly, suddenly exhausted from the day. The Alpha King climbed in on the other side and pulled me into him. I immediately felt comforted and laid my head on his lap, laying across the back seats.

“Grace? Are you alright?” He asked with worry in his voice.

I shrugged. I could barely hear him. All I could see was my past. That night in the dungeon, the mysterious attacker who had had no fear in marking me. Who had been furious I wouldn’t go further with him. How I barely escaped with my life. How bad my body had hurt in that time.

“You can talk to me Grace,” He tried, and there was a bit of a plea in his voice. “I’ll listen. I know today had to have been hard for you. But you did so good.”

I nodded absently as the scene from that night replayed over and over in my head. The way he grabbed me, the way it was all blurry. As much as I wanted to tell the Alpha King where my head was, I couldn’t. There was nothing to say. The anxiety had melted away. All I felt was nothing.
###Chapter 34: Rhys
I absently stroked her hair, wishing that I could understand an ounce of what was going on inside her incredibly seductive head. She had stared at the seat in front of us for a long time before she finally began silently crying. For the first time ever, I felt helpless. I couldn’t make her feel better. I knew today was going to be a lot, I just... I didn’t realize how hard it was going to be on her. I could practically see the memories flashing before her, and I couldn’t seem to pull her out of them. She eventually cried herself to sleep, and I watched her twitch now dreaming of the things she was afraid of. All I could do was pull her close. All I wanted was to make it better. But she still bore another man’s mark, and until that was gone, this was all I could give.

The car came to a gentle stop, but she didn’t so much as stir. I carefully lifted her into my arms and carried her out of the car and straight up to her room. It wasn’t terribly late since we had left so early this morning, but the emotions of the day seemed to have drained everything she had in her. I hoped she would sleep better now that she was in a familiar space, but I wasn’t sure if that mattered or not. God, I had never cared about a girl like this literally ever. It was driving me mad!

I wrapped her tightly in the blankets and sat in the chair next to the bed. I could watch her all day. If the Beta wasn’t her mate, her pack could just literally disappear, and nothing was making any sense, how the hell was I ever going to figure out the truth?

“Rhys?” Leon mindlinked with urgency.

“Yes?"

“Can you come outside please?” There was a pause. “And don’t bring Grace.”

I gave Grace a longing look, and headed out the door once again.

“Hey, I didn’t realize you were back.” Sawyer called out as I passed him.

“Hey,” I answered briefly before circling back to him. “I have to go deal with something; can you just keep an eye on Grace in case she needs something? Today has been a lot.”

Sawyer nodded, and I took off down the stairs as Leon’s sense of urgency lingered just on the brink of my mind.

I stepped outside, and I could see all of my men near a car and Leon was in the center of everyone.

“Leon?” I questioned.

He didn’t answer me, but he reached into the car and pulled out a man in chains. The man looked normal by all accounts, other than he was naked, bound and covered in blood and mud. He looked fairly young but looks could be deceiving. He was not one of my men though, so I looked to my Beta for clarification.

“Explain, Leon.”

“Look at him closer.” Leon stated, his voice all business, telling me this wasn’t some kind of joke.

I frowned and did as he said, and the young man immediately began to transform. Fur began to grow, and he began to grow in size. My men immediately tightened the chains around him, trying to keep control of whatever was happening in front of me. The young man didn’t fully turn wolf. Instead, he stood on two feet and was far larger than I had originally given the kid credit for. He fought my men with everything he had, trying to break free of the hold they had on him.

“What the hell is this?” I demanded.

“Gwen found him. Her group was tracking Luna Kinsley and Alpha Adrian as well as trying to find any trace of the pack like you asked. The creature has no scent and is adept at hiding, especially since as you can see, he’s standing on two legs.”

“What is he?” I asked, feeling disgusted looking at this unknown creature.

“I’m not sure, sir,” Leon stated uneasily.

“And if he is so good at hiding, how the hell did Gwen find him?” I asked thinking out loud.

“We think he fell out of a tree, otherwise we wouldn’t have found or even noticed him. We still have people in the pack, looking to see, but we don’t have the same ability as they do to climb.”

“Was he in this form when you found him?” I asked, looking at the others who were barely able to contain him.

“Yes. He’s shifted between his two forms several times. He seems to not know which one to stay in right now. And I’m not sure if having more forms is a potential, but we should prepare for anything.”

I stared at the creature for a long moment. Could he climb? Could they all be like this? Is that why we haven’t found them yet? Could he have more than one form? Why hadn’t I ever heard so much as a rumor about this creature in front of us?

I looked up at the window that I knew was Grace’s as the creature let out a roar unlike anything I had ever heard before. I hoped it wouldn’t wake her, but then I got a flash of a similar day.

The Deja vu was unreal. I had been spending time with Grace similar to today. Leon had mindlinked me, very similarly to today. And then I had come out and my men at the time had been in a full on battle with the creature. It had taken like 8 of my men if I was remembering correctly, and one had gotten pretty injured before I fully stepped in. The creature had been similar, but I hadn’t really gotten the best of looks at it. Could the thing in front of me be the same sort of creature? I mean they both stood on two legs, and looked wolfish, but not fully wolf, and definitely bigger than my wolf, and my wolf was large... They couldn’t be the same... Could they? 
###Chapter 35: Rhys
I pulled Leon to the side, and he gave me a knowing look that he was thinking the same thing, but neither of us wanted to say anything in front of everyone. There was no reason to incite panic. At least not yet.  

“This could be the true form of the Red Blood pack.” Leon said over the mindlink. Werewolf hearing was impeccable, so even though we moved away, we didn’t want to chance speaking out loud.  

“It could. Which could also mean that Grace is this... this beast.” I answered.  

“Don’t go there.” Leon warned. “Don’t get caught up in that thought. Just because you see this as a monster, doesn’t mean it is one. Humans would consider us monsters and we aren’t. So just stop that that.”  

I glared at him, but I knew he was right. At least partially.  

“So now to the important stuff,” Leon continued when he realized he had won. “What do you want to do with it?”  

“We need to interrogate it. Maybe he’ll talk. He looked young, and he was dumb enough to get caught, he might be dumb enough to talk.” I answered.  

Leon nodded in agreement, and we stepped back toward my men who were still fighting to maintain control of the beast.  

“Take him to the dungeons!” I commanded my men. “I want him alive, and relatively unharmed.”  

“Do you want to try and get information now?” Leon asked.  

“No. I want him to sit with this for a while. Some silence will do him some good. Maybe he’ll want to talk more if we just leave him there. Just make sure he is secure.”  

“You got it.” Leon saluted.  

“And last thing, nobody is to talk about what we saw here today, until we figure this out, nobody says anything, not about his appearance, not about the Red Blood Pack. Not their theories. Nothing. If I hear that this has gotten out, there will be hell to pay, especially if it's even breathed in the direction of Grace. Understood?” I growled.  

This seemed to surprise my men, but they all agreed. I had never had an issue with loyalty before. The creature shifted back into a man and my men were able to seize he more easily than they had earlier. It was clear that the man could shift at will, so I didn’t want my men to get too comfortable. 

“Don’t call me unless it’s an emergency." I told Leon seriously.  

He nodded, his face solemn as he jumped in to help drag the man to the dungeons.  

I turned back to the house, and made my way slowly back to where I knew Gracie was sleeping... hopefully peacefully. I ran my hand tiredly through my hair. I hated how much I was beginning to need Grace. I could hardly believe that I had walked away from that Monster’s interrogation because I needed to be closer to Grace. Okay, I mean, there were a lot of reasons I walked away, but Grace seemed to reign my mind. I couldn’t make sense of anything.  

I was outside Grace’s room when a voice called my name, and I turned to see Sawyer sitting on the ground across from Grace’s door.  

“What are you doing?” I asked with a frown.  

“You told me to look over Grace. She was sleeping, so I didn’t want to disturb her, but I didn’t want to go far so alas here we are.” He answered, his eyes trained on his rubix cube.  

“Who says alas?”  

“I heard a lot of commotion out there, is everything okay?” Sawyer asked, ignoring my question.  

“Yea, get your update from Leon though. No one bother me unless it’s an emergency, I’m beat.” I answered honestly.  

Sawyer gave me a long look and nodded as he stood up. 

I opened the door to Grace’s room and just breathed for a moment, resting up against the doorway. I already felt more at peace just being near her. I moved slowly into her room, closing the door silently behind me. I plopped into the chair next to her bed and stared at her.  

Everything became so complicated when she entered my life. Would any of this be happening if I had never met her? She seemed so innocent... But was she a monster just like that thing we saw earlier? Was that really her true form?  

My eyes began to feel heavy, and my mind still raced but it became more and more discombobulated until I finally fell asleep, drifting off to a sleep where everything finally made sense again.  

I don’t know how long I slept but I woke up to the sound of the shower, and my eyes immediately fell to the empty bed. I didn’t want to disturb her, but my wolf kept nagging me to go check on her. I knocked once, but she didn’t answer with a knock back like she usually did. I knocked a few more times, before caving, knowing that my wolf wouldn’t settle till we laid eyes on her.  

“Grace?” I called out to her as I cracked the door open. I thought I’d feel better once I checked on her, but as soon as the door was cracked, I could hear her sobs, the ones she was trying to hide with the shower.  

“Grace?” I tried again as I entered the bathroom slowly.  

She was sitting on the shower floor, fully clothed. Her breathing was ragged as she tried to hide her tears from me. I immediately stripped off my jacket and opened the shower door. She barely acknowledged my presence, and my heartrate spiked with anxiety. I climbed in the shower with her and lowered myself to the ground before grabbing her and pulling her to me. Her sobbing only grew louder as I stroked her hair, unsure of how to comfort her any differently.

Slowly, she started to calm down. Her breaths became more even and her clutch on my wet shirt wasn’t quite so tight.  

I stood up with her still in my arms and turned off the water before climbing out of the shower. I set her on the counter and stared at the way her wet clothes clung tightly to her body. I couldn’t help the overwhelming desire to undress her and take her right there. Her eyes were red and swollen, but her trembling lips were still totally kissable, and maybe she’d feel better if I could only...  

I shook myself out of it as shivers began to rake her body. I quickly ran into the room to grab her clothes and returned before she had even attempted to move. I grabbed the sleeves of her fancy dress she had fallen asleep in and now probably ruined, not that I really cared, and began to shimmy them down her body. She wasn’t crying anymore, but she still looked so far away.  

The more I revealed her body, the more I had to remind myself to keep it cool right now. She wasn’t mine... yet.  

She hopped off the counter and finished taking off the dress and reached for the new towel I had for her. Then she really surprised me by suddenly reaching for her chalkboard and frantically began writing/drawing.  

There was a picture of two groups of people and the word deal with an x over it, followed by a question mark.  

“Yes. The deal is void.” I answered, looking into her big blue eyes, trying to find her point.  

She grabbed the board back and wrote one of the longest sentences I had ever seen her make.  

“Am I free now?”  

And my heart raced with anxiety.
###Chapter 36: Rhys
I felt panic immediately incite in me, but I also felt angry and frustrated and worried for her. Whatever I said in the next few minutes would set our course for the whole rest of our lives. I had to play it cool despite the emotions raging inside me, but I must not have answered fast enough because she immediately began to write on the board again. She wrote the word or and then drew an arrow on a road and a picture of a girl with her head chopped off. 

I held in the horror that I felt. I knew she had trauma, but after everything she still thought I would just kill her. And maybe the answer was, yes. She could be one of those creatures. Could I just let one of those things into my pack? Even if that thing was Grace? Was Grace using me as a way to infiltrate my pack and weaken me? Grace who was seemingly consuming my every thought?  

She pushed the board toward me a little more, bringing my attention back to the her that was right in front of me.  

I grabbed the shirt I had gotten for it and slid it over her head before handing her the shorts and underwear and turning around to give her some privacy, even though it was the last thing I really wanted to do.  

“Although the deal is void now,” I said carefully. “I would never harm an innocent woman. And Grace, you are an innocent woman.” I took a breath before continuing. “If you wish to leave, I will personally make sure you have everything you need and everything you want, and I will ensure you have a safe place to go. You are free to go anywhere you please in or out of the packs control...”  

My wolf howled in displeasure.  

“She should have the option to go if she wishes.” I tell my wolf. “I will not keep her prisoner like her old pack.”  

My wolf huffs back at me before reminding me that she could be our mate, and we should tell her. 

“She might be,” I conceded. “But now isn’t the time. I don’t think she gets it yet.”  

I turned back around to see Grace sitting back on the counter, lost in thought, brushing her hair.  

I took the brush without much resistance and began to gently comb through her knots. But the stretch of silence only grew longer, and I grew more anxious by the moment. There were a million things I wished to say, but none of them felt right in this moment and I couldn’t pressure her to stay no matter how bad I wanted to.  

“Grace,” I said when I couldn’t take it anymore, and placed the brush back in her hair. “I have some matters to attend to, I’ll be back later, okay?”  

A small frown graced her face, but she just nodded. I didn’t wait for more; I knew she would never ask me to stay, even if I did think she might have wanted me to.  

I made my way slowly to the dungeons. I took the long way, lost in my thoughts. I was so distracted. I had no idea how to approach anything that was going on. For the first time ever, I was up against an unknown that was actually a threat to my people. How much danger were we really in?  

I nodded to the guards at the top of the stairs as I walked by them and made my way down to the musty dungeons. Cells lined the hall. We didn’t have a need for so many, but there was always a need for a few. Betrayal always runs high when you're at the top, and I was at the top.  

A few prisoners looked up curiously as I passed. They all looked fairly clean in their basic clothes. but there was an odor down here that said things may not be exactly what they seemed. The further back I walked, the worse it got. These were always the worst of the worst criminals back here. They weren’t treated with as much dignity, and the light was so dim it was a wonder anyone could see anything even with improved werewolf vision.  

I finally reached the cell I was looking for to find Sawyer sitting in a chair just inside the bars facing our newest prisoner. The monster was now back in his human form, dressed in a pair of shorts and t-shirt. He was sitting on the ground with his knees up to his chest, chained to the wall at all four ligaments. The cuffs were so tight that they looked like they were cutting him slightly, but the chains were fairly long so he could at least adjust how he was able to sit.  

The cell had a cot and a toilet, and currently Sawyer and a chair, but other than that it was empty. There was only a singular blanket on the cot too despite the chill of the dungeon.  

“You know, this would be a lot easier, if you would just talk.” Sawyer prodded.  

I really hadn’t expected him to be down here, but I knew he couldn’t help himself once Leon had told him.  

“Are you a part of the Red Blood Pack?”  

Silence.   

“How do you shift like that? Are you a werewolf or something else?” Sawyer tried, but huffed in frustration when he was once again met with silence.  

I studied the guy in front of us. He had dirty blonde hair and sharp blue eyes. He looked to be no older than Grace, but I remembered when he was pulled out of the car, he had been covered in blood and mud.  

“Are you hurt?” I tried, now entering the cell too.  

The guy didn’t look up, but I could sense he was a little fearful now that there were two of us in her.  

“What’s your name, kid?” I tried again. “The more you cooperate the easier this will go.” 

He didn’t so much as move a muscle.  

“Alright, this is not productive.” I sighed. “I’m going to check on Grace.”  

The second Grace’s name left my lips, the kid’s eyes flickered to me filled with worry...  

“Grace... You’re worried about Grace?” I asked, no longer interested in leaving.  

“She’s my twin.” The guy said finally. “We’re both Lycan.”
###Chapter 37: Rhys
I stared at the kid in disbelief.  

“Grace doesn’t have a brother.” I said dumbly. “Let alone a twin. She was the unwanted daughter of the last Alpha. Her only family is Luna Kinsley.” 

But the more I stared at him, the more I saw how similar he looked to Grace. His skin was a bronze color, and his hair was a bit darker, but they had the same striking blue eyes and the same facial shape. I also realized that I had compared him to Grace multiple times without even realizing it.  

“Luna Kinsley is only her half-sibling.” The said brother told us.  

“Okay, let’s back this up a moment. I’ve never heard of a Lycan. So, what exactly is it??” Sawyer asked as I got lost in my thoughts for a moment.   

“It’s like half-man, half wolf.” The guy explained.  

“That’s a werewolf.” Sawyer answered dumbly.  

“No. A werewolf is a man and a wolf sharing the same space, a Lycan is half wolf and half man, one in the same, that’s why I can stand on two legs. I don’t fully become a wolf.”  

I stared again. What kind of nonsense was this? I had never heard of a Lycan before. But here I was facing one. I had seen it with my own eyes. I knew what he was capable of. I had seen him grow his limbs, fur and claws.  

“That’s... interesting.” Sawyer said slowly.  

“The whole Red Blood pack is Lycan, not that they act like they should.” He muttered the last part under his breath.  

“So do you follow the Moon Goddess or do you have your own beliefs?” Sawyer asked, looking fully fascinated by what was being revealed to us, and I should have known that his science brain would be intrigued by all of this.  

“Well, yes, but also -”  

“Seriously?” I rolled my eyes. “That is not what is important right now.”  

“Well, it might be...” Sawyer mumbled. “We should know about them.”  

“He drops that he is Grace’s brother, and you think I care about what they are and who they worship?” I growled back. “I want to know why this random thing thinks he’s Grace’s brother.”  

“Listen this is fun,” The kid said trying to feign bravery. “But I just need to know if Grace is okay, and I’m not talking till I know.”  

“Grace is fine.” I said after a long moment, staring him down and to my surprise, he met my eyes and didn’t back down. “She had a bit of a rough day, but she’s tough, and she’s just resting right now.”  

 “Why did you take her back there?” The guy asked with worry in his voice.  

“It was a necessary part of the plan.” I said after a long moment, trying to decide if I should give him any more information, but figured he would be more likely to divulge information if I gave him some scraps, especially about Grace. “Should I be worried about them coming to track you down?”  

The guy had the nerve to laugh.  

“No,” There was laughter still in his voice. “They think I’m dead.”  

“I’m sorry?” Sawyer asked in surprise.  

“I’m Grace’s twin, but I didn’t grow up with her. She doesn’t even know I exist.”  

“What’s your name?” I asked with a frown. 

“Ethan.” The kid answered.  

“And why didn’t you grow up with Grace?” I asked.  

“I’m not exactly sure where to start... Kinsley grew up as the ‘legitimate’ daughter of our father, and she is really our half-sister. My dad and had an affair though and ended up with Grace and I. I was the Alpha’s only son, and even though I was illegitimate, I still posed a threat to Kinsley and her mother, so they got rid of me shortly after I was born. I was rejected from the pack and declared a rogue. Now, obviously, I don’t really remember this, but I did once have a friend in the pack who tried to keep me safe then and continued to keep me updated on Grace until he was killed by Alpha Adrian a little while ago.” He paused for a moment and tried to contain his grief. “I was left outside the pack lines for death, but I got lucky. Not all rogues are bad, and I was lucky I was found by one of the good ones.”  

I growled a little at he ‘not all rogues are bad, but I let him continue. 

“The man who raised me had once been a part of the Wolf’s den pack, but he been known to do business with the Red Blood pack. He heard rumors and with the help of the ally in the pack, we were able to piece everything together.”  

“Why didn’t you get Grace out?” I demanded.  

“I knew things were bad... I just didn’t know they were that bad. Also, where would I have taken her? I was a rogue, was that really better than what she was experiencing? I might have had some help, but it was still hard, and I had to protect myself. I couldn’t protect her too.”  

“And why were you in Red Blood pack that day?” I asked still skeptical.  

“I knew you were taking her back there, and I didn’t know why. I wasn’t going to let her go back to them, not if I could help it. I couldn’t save her back then, but I could now. I had to try at least.” 

“Well, I wasn’t returning her. She is safe and out their control. But Sawyer, come on, we need to go.”  

Ethan looked faintly discouraged by my abrupt decision to leave, but I didn’t care. It was like everything I thought I knew didn’t matter anymore. I knew nothing at all.  

Sawyer followed me out of the cell, locking it behind us.  

“Do you think he’s telling the truth?” I asked Sawyer once we were out of the dungeon and back in the house.  

“I don’t know.” Sawyer answered, his face thoughtful. “But he does share a lot of Grace’s features, and they have the same eyes. And the Lycan thing makes a lot, if not total sense. Grace said that she didn’t think they could mindlink or that she had never heard anyone talk to their wolf and them being one in the same would make that make sense, but I think we need more information.”  

I nodded, accepting his answer.  

“Get some sleep, and tomorrow you and Leon can interrogate him. But no violence! If he is Grace’s brother, he’s been wronged just as much as her, and I don’t want to add to it.”  

Sawyer headed off to bed, but I made my way to the office. My brain was too wired to sleep even though it was getting late.  

I opened my office door surprised to see Grace in my chair, writing.  

“Hi,” I said slowly.  

She looked up, her face determined.  

Written on her board were the words, “Can I stay if I give you an heir?”
###Chapter 38: Grace
“You want to give me an heir?” The Alpha King frowned as he read my board.  

I nodded at him, fidgeting under his scrutiny. The intensity of his gaze was enough to let anyone squirm.  

“You want a baby?” He asked again.  

This time I hesitated, but shrugged. No, not really, but what choice did I have? I needed to secure my place here, and the only way I could think of was to have the Alpha King’s baby. No one besides the child would be more valuable than the mother.  

“That’s a wild offer, Gracie, for someone who doesn’t actually want a baby.” He said finally, reading me like a book. “Where is this coming from?”  

I had no idea how to explain to him why I needed this. He didn’t seem happy about the proposition either. There was surprise, guilt and anger all in his expression which he was trying to mask and failing miserable at.  

I grabbed my board again trying to put my thoughts into words and pictures even though I had no idea how to convey them. Every single piece of me wanted to stay. But I didn’t know my purpose here. The Red Blood pack had been cruel, but I knew what to expect. I knew not to make a mistake, or I’d pay for it. I knew that beatings were a regular thing, and one day I was probably going to die by their hands. But nothing prepared me for quiet days. Living with Alpha King Rhys was unpredictable at best. I had no idea what to expect. I kept waiting for everyone to turn on me, but yet, I was in Alpha King Rhys’ office without explicit permission, and he hadn’t been angry to see me here.  

“I want to stay, and you need an heir.” I wrote on the board finally, knowing that I couldn’t convey anything else that was racing through my mind.  

“Grace, honey, you do not need to prostitute yourself out in order to stay.” Alpha King Rhys said after a long moment, staring straight through to my soul.  

“No?” I wrote and frowned in confusion. 

“No.”  

“Need to earn my keep.” I wrote out.  

The Alpha King thought for a long moment. I wanted to run my hand through his chocolate brown hair, but I pushed that urge back down, waiting for his answer.  

“Gracie,” He asked finally. “Are you looking for a way to ensure that I can’t just kick you out when you think I am bored and tired of you?”  

I nodded slowly. That was exactly what I was afraid of. And I would have no place to go if that happened. 

“Well first off,” He started in a matter-of-fact tone, “I would never do that. Second, I understand, that this is scary for you. However, you do not have to sell your body and give me a baby to stay. I also understand that you are in need of something to make you feel more comfortable about staying. And as I told you before, I am interested in you being my mate. I told you before we left for your old pack, you were my chosen mate. And I would still be interested in that if you are. For a year, we can live as companions, partners, chosen mates, whatever you want to call it. And after the year, if we have decided to choose each other, then you can bear my heir.”  

“What if you find your mate?” I wrote on the board.  

A look of amusement crossed his face. “Look, I have not found my mate in 10 years, Grace. Trust me, I’ve looked. And I’ve tried to have other women, and I’ve tried to get married before, but none of them have even compared to you, Gracie. I’m interested in you staying.”  

I hesitated. Everything he was saying sounded wonderful. I wanted that life he was offering to give me. But could I actually be that person for Alpha King Rhys? Was I brave enough to jump right in? Was I even good enough to be considered for this? Alpha King Rhys took my silence as a sign that I needed more convincing, so he started talking again.   

“I promise in this year, Grace, that I will make sure you are well taken care of. That your needs are always met, even if I was to meet my mate or if you wanted to end things between us for whatever reason. I promise to protect you and teach you self-defense, so you don’t have to live in a constant state of fear. And we’ll continue searching for the one who marked you to the break the bond. And I vow to make sure you get a real education and teach you to read and write. I know that you are so smart and have so much potential. The way you communicate is amazing, and you’ve come so far in it, but you can do so much more Grace, and I want to help you get there. I want to give you the life you deserve.”  

It all sounded amazing. I wanted to believe in this. Was it worth the fallout if none of it came true? I mean, I had learned a lot already... He had made sure that I was with people who could help me... And he hadn’t let me down yet, and I had been here for a while now. He could have easily left me in enemy territory, but he didn’t. He was here. Standing in front of me. Not even mad that I was sitting in his seat.  

I nodded at him slowly. 

“So, you’ll stay?” He asked, his voice hopeful, which surprised me a little.  

I nodded again, feeling slightly uncertain.  

“And you agree with our terms? Is it what you want?”  

I nodded again, giving him a slight smile.  

He smiled at me, and I didn’t have any idea why he seemed so satisfied with himself, but I was more than just a little happy that I was able to stay now.
###Chapter 39: Grace
I woke up feeling rested and at peace. Alpha King Rhys had walked me to my room after our conversation in the office. He had sat in the chair till I fell asleep. I don’t know when he left, but I still felt his presence lingering in my room. I closed my eyes and breathed it all in. I was safe here. No one was going to come grab me from my bed. No one was going to beat me for sleeping. I didn’t know what I’d done to deserve this, and a part of me didn’t think I did, but I’d enjoy it for as long as I could.  

I untangled myself from the blankets, and slowly got out of bed. Alpha King Rhys had told me we would be training today, but to sleep as long as I’d like. He would work in the office until I was ready. 

I grabbed a pair of leggings and a tank top and made my way to the bathroom. There was no point in showering if I was just going to work out, so I just changed my clothes and ran a brush through my hair, pulling it to the base of my neck in a low ponytail. I pulled my shoes on and I was all ready to go when I noticed the breakfast tray just sitting on the dresser. With a moment's hesitation, I realized that I was in fact quite hungry. I grabbed the bowl of fruit and gobbled it down. I didn’t want to eat a ton before working out, but I also knew my body needed energy.  

Finally, I made my way to Alpha King Rhys’ office. I knocked once and heard his now familiar voice call out to come in.  

“Hi Grace,” He smiled slightly. “Ready to go?”  

I nodded, feeling uneasy now that I was here with him, making it real. I had never trained before. I had never exercised in the slightest. I would have died if I had tried. I know my sister would have never allowed it. She wanted me as weak as she could keep me. But I wouldn’t be that girl anymore. I was becoming the real me more and more every day.  

He stood up and stretched. His shirt lifted slightly, and I caught a glimpse of his perfect abs. Abs. Just abs. Not perfect. Come on, Grace. You can’t think of him like that.  

He reached his hand out to me, and I hesitantly took it. I couldn’t help but admit that I wanted to never let go. My hand was so small in his, but it made me feel safe. Like maybe, just maybe, I belonged here, in this moment, with him.  

The training center was intimidating. There were people everywhere. Noticing my sudden apprehension, Alpha King Rhys shouted, “CLEAR THE ROOM.” Everyone scattered. No one even bothered to grab their things, they just took off.  

I looked at Alpha King Rhys in awe, and I could tell he was trying to suppress a smirk. I rolled my eyes at him as he lead me to the gym mat in the middle of the floor.  

“Let’s go over a couple of ways to safely break out of grabs.” He stated, but I didn’t miss the once over he did of my body before grabbing me from behind.  

I froze. His grip was tight, but I knew he wouldn’t harm me. But there was something else. Something more. I wanted his hands, everywhere. I wanted to be locked in his embrace. I wanted his lips on mine.  

“Trust your instincts,” He said, his voice so sultry that I could barely function. “Get out of the grab.”  

With his arms around me, I couldn’t focus. I could barely breathe. I was stuck.  

“Come on, Gracie, get out of the grab.” He prodded.  

But I couldn’t. I couldn’t do this. Not with him.  

Eventually he let go of me, and I immediately made my way to the bathroom without a word. I had to get out of here. I couldn’t do this. This was not me. This was definitely not me.  

Oh god what have I gotten myself into by agreeing to stay to be his companion, his partner? I couldn’t stop my thoughts. I wanted more than he could give. He didn’t want me like that. I was just an obligation. But my god, did his touch feel right. And that warm feeling in my belly, I needed it to go away.  

“Grace?” I heard him as he knocked on the bathroom door. “Are you okay?”  

No. No. No, I was not okay. Not even a little. How could I possibly explain to the freaking Alpha King that he couldn’t touch me or I was going to lose my mind?  

He opened the door a smidge and peeped in making eye contact with me. He did a once over my body again to make sure physically okay.  

“Grace, hunny, it’s okay. I can help you release your emotional needs if you want.” He said gently, but there was something else there, a longing, maybe.  

I didn’t say anything. I was so embarrassed and ashamed of how I was feeling. I shouldn’t feel like this. I was losing my mind. But a part of me, a large part of me, wanted to take him up on his offer even though I felt crazy by it.  

“It’s your animal instincts causing you to feel this way, and if you keep ignoring it and pushing it away, you’ll continue to feel more and more distressed and maybe even a little angry.” Alpha King Rhys rationalized.  

But I felt even worse about my reaction. I didn’t want to be so out of control. I couldn’t do this. I tried to close the door on him, but he stuck his foot out, stopping me. I slowly backed away.  

“Grace, it’s okay. It’s all natural. I know your underwear is soaked, and you have this driving desire for me to touch you. I know how bad you want it.”  

I kept backing away slowly as he stalked toward me. Why was I running away from something I wanted so badly? Because he is the Alpha King! I reminded myself. But my god, the way he was walking toward me, I wanted him. And I wanted him now!
###Chapter 40: Grace
I knew I was in for it when my back hit the wall. His hands pinned me against it, and I felt my breath hitch with excitement and anticipation. I needed this. I needed him. I needed this, even though I knew I shouldn’t. Even though it was a bad idea. A really bad idea.  

His lips met mine anyways. A gentle kiss that I couldn’t help but return. But it didn’t stay gentle. He deepened the kiss, and the urgency between us increased. I reached up, and pulled him even closer to me, entangling my fingers in his hair. There was no such thing as close enough. I needed him closer. His hands ran up and my sides, sending shivers down my spine. There was nothing I wouldn’t give this man right then and there. 

Then we were moving. He pulled me to the shower area, and turned it on, while only breaking our contact slightly, not that I let him go far before pulling him back to me. I pulled the hem of his shirt up and over him, revealing his glorious body underneath, and shuttered with anticipation. He took the opportunity of me being distracted to grow his claws and shred my tank top off of me. Under normal circumstances, I think I would have been scared, but in this moment, I found it hot as hell. I climbed immediately out of my leggings not wanting him to destroy those too and stood before the man in just my bra and underwear. I knew Alpha King Rhys probably liked a confident woman, but that was not me, and I didn’t know what to do next, so I took off my bra, slower this time and then he stopped me, pulling me into the now warm shower with him and lowered my underwear, all while never breaking eye contact with me.  

His hands scaled my body, and I didn’t know how even breathe anymore. I was on sensory overload but in a good way for once. He spread my legs and kissed up them, alternating which one he was giving love to until he reached my private areas. No one had ever kissed me down there, but I thought I might passout from the amazing feeling. His tongue glided over my clit, teasing me for what I wanted. And just when I thought I couldn’t take it anymore, he started to suck it in the most fabulous way. I was so close. Oh my god, this must be what heaven feels like!  

“Grace?”  

I startled and looked around. I was still in the training room, and Alpha King Rhys was still holding me. None of it had been real... All a sick creation of my mind.  

“Are you alright?” He asked, I could only assume, again.  

I nodded, my face flushing with embarrassment.  

“Then why aren’t you moving?” He questioned.  

I sighed but started to actually try now. The quicker I could move past that glorious fantasy, the better it would be for me. It wasn’t real even though it felt so freaking real. I was training so that I could protect myself better which meant I needed to be focused.  

After not being able to break out of the hold, Alpha King Rhys directed me to what I should do. Twist my arms and find the small gap of fingers and pull down as hard as I can. If I only being held by one arm, use it to help.  

After an hour and a half, of breaking out of holds, and different sorts of binds, I was exhausted.  

“Alright,” Alpha King Rhys sighed with just a little bit of sweat on his brow, unlike the very large amount of sweat dripping from mine. “I think that’s enough for today.”  

The second the words were out of his mouth, I bolted out of there. I couldn’t be around him right now. Not after such a vivid fantasy. No, I needed to be alone right now.  

I threw open the door to the top level of the packhouse, not slowing down. I refused. Not till I was safely in my room.   

“Hey Grace, where’s the fire?” Sawyer teased as I ran by him.  

But I didn’t acknowledge him. I couldn’t. No. I needed a shower. Wait, no I couldn’t shower. Not after all the dirty things I had imagined in the shower. No. I needed a bath. Yea, a nice hot bath to soothe my racing thoughts.  

“Grace?” He called out this time in concern, but I was already to my room.  

My bath was enough to help settle me down, but Alpha King Rhys was in the room waiting for me when I walked out. I was glad I had brought clothes into the bathroom because I wasn’t sure what I would have done otherwise.  

“You know Grace, I know you were aroused at the gym, I could smell it. It’s nothing to fear. You probably reacted so strongly because you’ve never really experienced intimacy before.” He said calmly, not really looking up from whatever he was doing.  

My cheeks heated again immediately, and I had no response for that. What was I to say? I was daydreaming of you touching me in all the ways you never will? Goddess, this was mortifying.  

“Now, I respect your wishes, Gracie.” He said sternly, “But I don’t want anyone else to touch you for the next year. Are we clear?”  

I nodded, solemnly, afraid he would annul our agreement if I didn’t.  

“Good. Now I have some work to do. I’ll be in the office if you need anything.”  

I nodded again, unsure what to do with my new free time. I ate lunch by myself with the pack, and did some studying with Alana in between her chores, and suddenly day became night, and I had been lost to time.  

I said goodbye to Alana and made my way back upstairs with my dinner place. After the bit of a crazy day, I didn’t feel like being around a lot of the pack. I just wanted to be alone. 

However, to my surprise, Sawyer had the same idea and came up with his plate about 5 minutes later.  

“Are you okay, Grace?” He asked after we had been sitting in silence for about 10 minutes.  

I nodded and tried to act as normal as possible, even though my mind was reeling.  

“You look troubled... Is my brother giving you a hard time?” He asked.  

I shook my head no, but stood up, aware of my abruptness. I rinsed my dish in the sink, and quickly signed goodnight, before disappearing to my room.  

I crawled into bed with aching muscles and a racing mind. I was nearly asleep when Alpha King Rhys came in and crawled in bed beside me, tugging me close to him.  

“I only want you, Grace.” He whispered as he gently stroked my hair and kissed my cheek. “And I hope I’m the only one you want too.”  

I didn’t have a response, but the moment was ours. It felt right. Like we had laid in this bed, just like this, a million times before. And I drifted off into a peaceful sleep.
###Chapter 41: Rhys
I stroked her hair gently as she relaxed in my arms. The world felt right, but I worried about the way she had reacted in the training center. She had clearly been aroused from me just barely touching. What would she have been like if someone didn’t have as much restraint as I did? 

“I couldn’t stand it if any other guy got to touch you. Only I can touch you like this, Grace. Nobody else gets to touch you.” I reminded her that she was mine.  

She stiffened a little, and didn’t acknowledge me and my words.  

“Grace?” I tried as I leaned over to see her face.  

Her eyes were closed, but her heartrate was a little erratic, so I knew she wasn’t asleep.  

“Grace?” I tried again.  

She didn’t answer. I didn’t understand. What had I said that had upset her so much she wouldn’t even talk to me? I mean, she never really spoke, but she always acknowledged me before, and to pretend to be asleep just felt like a really low blow. I thought we were having a moment. I mean, hell, after the gym today, I thought our relationship was truly developing into more. And she’s the one who had wanted to stay. She had proposed having MY baby before I came up with our current arrangement. 

I pulled away from her in irritation. I didn’t understand what was going on anymore at all. With one last glance at her, I walked out of the room and made my way down to my office. To my surprise, the light in Sawyer’s office was still on, so I made a detour there instead.  

I didn’t bother to knock, I just walked straight in. 

“Well, come on in then,” Sawyer remarked sarcastically as I plopped down in the chair across from him at the desk.  

“What are you working on?” I asked, leaning over to see if it was anything interesting.  

“Just studying up on a new stiches method.” He answered, closing his notebook, and looking at me with mild interest. “Did you do something to Grace?”  

“Do something to Grace?” I frowned. “What does that even mean?”  

“Well, she seemed upset at dinner tonight, we ate alone upstairs, which she doesn’t usually do. And I asked her if she was okay because she seemed off. Then I asked if you did something to upset her, and she just excused herself, and went to bed, and now you’re here, in my office and not your bedroom, which makes me think something has happened with Grace.” Sawyer said, laying it all out there.  

“I mean, no, not really. We were talking, and then I said something to her about not letting other men touch her, and she got all weird, and even pretended to be asleep. I don’t understand what happened, at all.”  

“Seriously?” Sawyer looked at me with disbelief. “You have no idea what went wrong?” 

“What? It’s not an unreasonable request. She proposed the deal. She was fantasizing in the gym earlier, I just want to be very clear with her that I don’t want her to go around throwing herself at other guys.”  

“First off,” Sawyer sighed. “She is not the kind of girl to throw herself at other guys. She would be mortified for you even thinking that about her. Second, you are imposing very partner like demands on her, probably pushing her farther away.”  

“But she’s probably my mate!” I protested like a child.  

“And she doesn’t know that,” Sawyer answered flatly. “She has no idea who she probably is to you. In her mind, she’s probably still thinking that this is all just a business deal. A safety net because a guy like you would never like her. And unlike you, she seems to live in a constant fear and anxiety. She’s incredibly sensitive and hyperaware of everything and nothing all at once, which can easily lead her to overthink everything.”  

“But I’m trying to make her feel wanted!” I argued.  

“And how that’s great.” Sawyer answered patiently. “But she might not be ready to jump into this kind of commitment. It’s a lot. You have to remember that she’s been through hell.”  

“But she’s the one who proposed the deal!” I pouted.  

“Say it with me,” Sawyer said, with a hint of laughter in his voice, “She’s scared.”  

I rolled my eyes. “Okay, okay, I get it. I’m being too pushy. I guess, I’ll go fix it.”  

“Isn’t she sleeping?” Sawyer asked.  

“She was faking when I left, so I doubt it.” I shrugged as I got up.  

I pondered over all the things Sawyer had said as I walked absently through the hallway and up the stairs. Was I being too pushy? I couldn’t tolerate even the idea of another man touching her in any way at all, but was that unreasonable? Goddess, no other woman had ever had me in this much of a tizzy.  

I opened the door as quietly as I could, but it didn’t matter, she wasn’t in the bed.  

“Grace?” I called out looking around, but there was no response. I could see the light on in the bathroom, so I decided to check there, and breathed a sigh of relief when I saw her.  

She looked so small in the large tub. Her body bared all the scars of her past, which made me feel something, but she was still so beautiful. I knew if she was awake, she would never just let me just stare at her like this. She didn’t even always like it when I stared and she had clothes on. I quickly pulled the drain in the tub, and grabbed a towel to wrap her up. She must have been tired because she didn’t flinch. She didn’t move at all other than to curl into me. I wanted to keep holding her, but I laid her on the bed, and grabbed one of the bigger t-shirts I could find to put on her. As I pulled the t-shirt over her head, the undeniable urge to mark her, hit me like a truck. I leaned in, smelling her delicious scent. She smelled like fall. I breathed her in, knowing that it would have to do. I didn’t want her to suffer, and that’s what marking her would do. She couldn’t take that.  

I leaned over, brushed her hair out of her face before kissing her forehead.  

“Stay.” She whispered in her half-asleep state.  

I smiled slightly. I laid down beside her till she fell asleep, but I kept distance between us. However, my mind was too busy to sleep, so finally I got up and headed downstairs to my best friend’s and Beta’s suite. 

“Hey,” Leon answered, his daughter Lacey on his him and his seven-year-old, Sarah at his side.  

I nodded back at him, but didn’t say anything. It was rare he got time to truly hang with his kids. I didn’t want to interrupt that, but here I was.  

“Hey girls, go find Mommy, I’ll be there in a moment.”  

The girls looked at me and took off running back to their suite. And we stood there in silence for a long moment.  

Before Leon said, “Are we just going to stand here or are you going to tell me what happened?”
###Chapter 42: Rhys
Leon shouted to his wife that I’m here, and then we head to his in-suite office. I took a seat in the large chair across from his, and he grabbed a bottle of whiskey and poured us each a drink. I took it gratefully, swallowing it in one go, and he refilled it without me even asking. He had been my best friend for longer than I could remember, and he tended to know exactly what I needed every time.  

“So, what’s going on?” Leon asked, sitting down in his chair.  

I sighed. I had just explained everything to Sawyer, now I had to tell Leon, and I already knew he would side with Sawyer. I also knew Sawyer was probably right about a lot of things, but that didn’t mean I didn’t want someone to tell me a different answer.  

“Well, according to Sawyer, I’m pushing Gracie away, and I don’t know how to navigate this without coming on too strong.”  

“How so?”  

“Well, I was holding her, and I was telling her how much I wanted her, and then I said something about not letting other guys touch her, and she literally faked being asleep.”  

“Uh-huh.” Leon replied. “And what did Sawyer say?”  

“That I’m imposing partner like expectations, and she’s confused by them.” I mimicked Sawyer’s voice bitterly.  

“Well, that’s probably true. So, when are you going to tell her that she’s probably your mate? ” He asked.  

I looked at him in disbelief. “Why would I do that?”  

“Because it’s unfair to keep it a secret.” 

“I’m not going to tell her. Everything’s too complicated. What if she can’t handle it?” I protested. 
 
“You have all the information laid out for you, at least more of it anyway. She’s blind in this. You keeping it from her is only going to hurt both of you. She deserves to know why you act the way you do. Just because you haven’t found who marked her, doesn’t mean that she shouldn’t know about her very possible future reality.”  

I sucked in a breath, processing what he was saying. No, I couldn’t be honest with her. She had enough change to deal with in the last few weeks. Adding anything else seemed cruel.  

“No. She can’t handle it.” I told him. 

“You mean, you think she’ll leave you.” Leon stated, not budging.  

I didn’t want to admit that was what I was worried about, but that was exactly what I was worried about. She’d hear all the things I’d kept from her, and she’d leave, never looking back, never trusting me again.   

 “Have you been down to see Ethan?” I asked, changing the subject.  

“Yea,” Leon answered, sounding a little more hesitant than he had been a moment ago. “He still won’t talk. Both Sawyer and I have taken turns down there, but neither of us have had any luck getting him to talk. Especially since you won’t let us use violence.” He mumbled the last part under his breath.  

“Why won’t he talk to you guys?” I questioned out loud, knowing that Leon probably didn’t have an answer to that anymore than I do.    

“Truthfully I think it’s because we aren’t you.” Leon surprised me. “Sawyer and I both have far less Grace information, and even if we did, we aren’t privy to share it, and he knows it. He knows the only way he can get any information is from you.”  

I nodded, thinking about what he said as I looked around. Leon’s office was a lot more homey than mine. He had pictures of his family everywhere. His wedding, birthdays, us growing up, his kids. Every piece of Leon’s life hung somewhere in this room, and I wanted that. I wanted a life that I could hang in pictures on a wall.  

“Let’s go see Ethan.” I said after a long moment. “Maybe he’ll talk if I’m there..”  

“Sure,” Leon answered uneasily as we headed to the door. “But please think of telling Grace, sooner rather than later. Secrets are no good in a relationship.  

I acknowledged him with a wave, and we made our way to the dungeons in silence. Part of why I was so close with Leon was because he knew when to stop pushing me. He knew I was done talking about Grace, and he just backed off before it became a whole thing and I got angrier.  

I approached the cell, unlocked the door, and took the seat Sawyer had occupied the day before.  

“I didn’t think you’d come back.” Ethan said as he studied me. He was still in the same position he had been in yesterday, sitting on the floor with his knees to his chest.  

“You know nothing about my habits.” I answered coldly.  

The kid just shrugged. He wasn’t bothered by much it seemed.  

“How did you know Grace was here?” I demanded. “How did you find my pack?”  

“Lycan’s have a natural ability to track each other,” Ethan answered simply. “I just followed my gut, and it brought me here. I also always keep close tabs on all things Grace. Trouble tends to follow her.”  

“You haven’t told her about her true identity yet, have you?” He asked.  

“I ask the questions.” I growled.  

Ethan let out a forced chuckle. “It scares you to be in love with a monster like her, doesn’t it?”  

I scoff. “I’m not afraid or in love.” 
 
“Sure.” Ethan smirked. “Whatever you say.”  

“What else do I need to know about Lycans?” I interrogated, ignoring his insinuations.  

“Well, maybe not about Lycans directly. But you should probably know that my half-sister, Kinsley, for unknown reasons, is not a Lycan. I assume you are still searching for their pack, and that might be helpful for your search. My Alpha father and his Luna were both Lycan, but Kinsley is not, and Grace and I are, so that’s kinda weird.” 

“Is that why she targeted you guys?” Leon asked.  

“That’s one of my guesses,” Ethan answered with a shrug. “She couldn’t inherit the throne perfectly with us around.” 

I locked the cell door behind us, it was nearly 2 in the morning and I finally made my way to bed.

I pondered over Ethan’s answers. There was so much we didn’t understand about the Blood Moon pack, but more and more things were being pieced together. Whether Ethan was lying or not, he never seemed to say anything without a purpose. I just wished I was completely privy to everything he was saying.

And Leon is right, Grace needs to know the truth.
###Chapter 43: Grace
I woke up after a fairly restless night of sleep in confusion. I didn’t remember ever actually going to bed. I remembered laying with Rhys, and then he got all weird, asking me not to be touched by other men, and I hadn’t known what that was about, so I just pretended to be asleep. Did he think I was a slut because I offered to have his baby? Did he think I’d always just throw myself at men for safety? I mean, I might, honestly, but I had no reason to not believe that Alpha King Rhys wasn’t going to take care of me, so I had no reason to do that. And once I pretended to be asleep, he just left. He didn’t stay, he didn’t say anything, he just disappeared. Then I laid there for a bit, but I knew I wouldn’t be able to sleep, so I took a bath. But I couldn’t remember getting out of the bath or why I only put on a shirt.  

I got out of bed slowly and stretched my stiff body. I grabbed a simple dress from my closet and got myself ready for the day. I didn’t know what was expected of me for the day, which made it a little hard to get ready, but I figured I could always change if I had to.  

I started to descend the stairs to breakfast when Alpha King Rhys popped out of the hall on his office floor and into my path. 

“Hi Grace,” He said tiredly, and he looked tired. “How did you sleep?”  

“Fine, thank you.” I signed, unsure we stood exactly or if he understood ASL at all, but I had forgotten my chalkboard in my room.   

“Do you want to come to my office? I think we have a lot to discuss.” He asked, there was a nervousness in his voice that I didn’t expect.  

I nodded and followed him to his study. I took the seat across from his and eyed the breakfast tray he had on his desk.  

“Please, eat,” He encouraged, gesturing at the tray.  

I grabbed the toast from the tray, suddenly feeling nervous about being asked to come in here. Did he want to annul our agreement already? Or was this about something else completely? 

“So, I’m not exactly sure where to start, Grace, but the first thing I think I should tell you is that we currently have a prisoner in our dungeon who claims to be your brother.”  

I frowned as Alpha King Rhys handed me a new white board, since I had left my chalkboard upstairs in my room by accident. I took it from him, and thought hard about what I could write.  

“No brother.” I finally wrote. “Sister.”  

“I know this is kind of a bomb shell, Gracie. But according to him, Kinsley is your half-sister, and he is your twin. You guys were split up when you were very young.”  

My frowned deepened. A twin? I didn’t remember anybody in my life from a young age other than Kinsley and even she was sort of a vague memory. 

“I wish I could say that’s the only thing I’ve been keeping from you, but I would be lying if I told you that. I also found out that you have been bound twice.” He fidgeted in his seat, but his eyes never left mine.  

“Bound?” I asked on my board, hoping I had spelled it right. It was not a word I was very familiar with.  

“Usually, people only bound others when they are afraid of their power.” The Alpha King explained. “It effectively makes you unable to reach your wolf, which would explain why you’ve never shifted and don’t seemingly have a connection with your wolf or in your case, Lycan.”  

“What?” I wrote. I knew I couldn’t spell Lycan, but I had no idea what the Alpha King was going on about now.  

“The guy claiming to be your brother, your twin, is not a wolf. He’s a Lycan.” He explained carefully.  

“What’s that?” I asked, not liking the turn that this was taking. 

“Do you remember that day I ran out of your room, and you watched from your bedroom that creature attack the pack?”  

I immediately felt like someone had dumped a cold bucket of water on me. He could not be saying what I think he was saying, but I nodded anyway.  

“That creature was a Lycan. If you were to shift, that’s what you would turn into if your said brother is telling the truth. We have been working to remove the bindings holding yours in place. We met with a witch who wasn’t much help, but I promise we will figure out a way to completely restore your abilities.”  

“No.” I wrote.  

“No?” Alpha King Rhys asked in surprise.  

My hands were shaking now as I flashed him my board again with the no on it.  

“I don’t understand.” Alpha King Rhys said slowly. “You don’t want to be unbound?”  

“I’m not a monster. I don’t want to be a monster.” I wrote, my lip quivering with fear.  

This couldn’t be happening. I couldn’t be one of them. That monster had hurt the wolves. I didn’t want to hurt the wolves. I didn’t want to change into something so terrifying. I won’t do it.  

“But Grace,” Alpha Rhys tried. “It will help you be able to protect yourself. You wouldn’t need to be so scared all the time. And you must be powerful because they didn’t just bind you once, they bound you twice.”  

“No.” I wrote again.  

“But Grace...” Alpha Rhys tried again, but I was scribbling on my board as he spoke, cutting him off.  

“No.” I wrote as panic filled me at full force. I couldn’t understand why he was pushing this, trying to unbind me in the first place. I would be a monster. His chosen mate couldn’t be a monster, it would look bad. He would never keep me if I was that. So, I wrote in all caps, “I WON’T BECOME THAT! I WON”T! I”M NOT A MONSTER!”
###Chapter 44: Rhys
Grace’s tears streamed down her face, and I almost regretted telling her the truth. Her blue eyes showcased her fears in all the ways I’m sure she didn’t want. A part of me wanted to yell at Leon and Sawyer, so I did through the mindlink.  

“She’s crying.” I growled at them.  

“Well, it’s a lot to take in.” Sawyer justified.  

“It would have been worse if you kept everything from her any longer.” Leon answered, a hint of a laugh in his tone.  

“What do I do?” I asked.  

“Just be there, man,” Leon answered, and cut off the link. I felt annoyed at them, but I knew I had to do this on my own, like a man.

“Grace, no matter what you shift into, it doesn’t change anything between us. And your brother, he doesn’t seem like a monster at all,” I said gently, kneeling in front of her, wiping the tears from her face with my thumb.  

“Yea right.” I wrote.  

“It’s true,” I told her softly. “He seems to just want to protect you. That’s why he’s here.” 

“He hasn’t done a good job.” She scribbled with a sob, making my heart hurt. “And you probably hurt him.”  

 “I did not, nor did allow any of my men to hurt your brother once he told us who he was. I wouldn’t do that to you,” I told her seriously, not liking the negative way she was thinking of me.  

“Why?” She asked. The W was wobbly on the board, and I knew this was probably going to be my chance to tell her. Leon was right. I needed to tell her.  

“Grace, I know this might be scary to hear, but I’ve been keeping one more really big secret from you... The truth is, Grace I really think you’re my mate.”  

Her face paled even more if possible, and the look of surprise was something I would never be able to get it out of my mind. It wasn’t the look of happiness that I had hoped for, but it also wasn’t a look of disgust that I had half expected so I took that as something.  

“What?” She wrote.  

“I am pretty sure you’re my mate, I’m your mate, Gracie,” I said again slowly.  

Her hand immediately went to her neck where the mark she didn’t even know she had a few weeks ago was imprinted on her skin. I knew her fears before she wrote anything. She was worried that it affected everything, and it did, just not in the way she thought.  

I pulled her hand down, engulfing it in mine.  

“That mark, it’s one-sided. It has no effect on your true mate, Grace. You have a true mate. And I think it’s me. That mark has no real effect on your what is rightfully yours.”   

“Not true.” She wrote, but I could feel her trembles in my hand.  

“What’s not true?” I asked with a frown.  

“Mate.” She wrote.  

“I assure you that I am almost positive you are my mate, Grace. I have never felt like this with anyone else. But I understand your fears,” I told her, not sure if what I was about to do was dumb or smart, but I felt like I had no real choice.  

I got up and opened the door to the office. It was quiet in the hallway. I knew Sawyer was probably at the hospital, and I hoped Leon was in his office with door closed. No one else should be around, so if she wanted to escape there would be little in her way.  

“I’m not telling you to go,” I told her seriously. “I am giving you the option to go if this is too much. I don’t want to force you into anything you don’t want. I don’t want to pressure you into talking about such big things that you aren’t ready to. I want to give you time to process everything you need to. So, if you need time to think, you have it, Gracie.”  

I sat back down at my desk and opened my laptop, but I could see Gracie’s tears seemed to stop, and to my surprise, she didn’t bolt for the now open door.  

“Is this because of our deal?” She asked after a while.  

“Our deal?” I asked in surprise.  

“Saying I’m your mate.”  

“Um I’m not sure what you mean.” I frowned.  

She frowned, and I knew she was trying to find a way to tell me what she was thinking, but I just wished she would speak to me. I wanted so badly to hear her voice, to know her every thought. I wanted to know exactly where I stood.  

She picked up the marker and began scribbling again but looked up at me every couple seconds as I waited with bated breath for whatever she was about to tell me.  

“You say that to every girl,” I read when she flipped the board, her brows raised in accusation.  

I took a deep breath and tried not to be offended. “I do not say that to every girl, Gracie. Yes, there have been others before you,” I told her honestly. “But none of them have ever mattered before. I have never wanted someone as much as I want you. I have never felt the way I feel when I’m with you. I chose you as chosen bride originally. That is true. But I have been drawn to you since the first day we met, and it has only gotten stronger the more time we spend together. You consume my every thought. I have to lay eyes on you every couple of hours because I need to know that you are okay. I have never worried so much about anyone in my entire life. And I think you feel that too.” I took a breath before continuing, my eyes never leaving hers. “You feel the safety and comfort, and love. When we lay together at night, how natural it and right it feels. How you find comfort in holding my hand. How you fantasize about what our days and nights could look like. I know you feel it too, Gracie.”  

She looked betrayed that I seemed to know her deepest thoughts, but it was the truth. I knew she probably didn’t believe me still, but there was nothing I wouldn’t do to prove it to her. So, she could doubt it all she wanted, but I would spend the rest of my life proving to her that it was real. That we were real. And there was nothing I wouldn’t do for the pretty blonde in front of me.
###Chapter 45: Rhys
Instead of saying anything to my declaration, Grace remained quiet, and her hand remained at her side. I could tell her mind was reeling, and I know I told her I would give her time to think, but that was proving to be harder than I thought.  

I opened a file on my desk, and pretended to work, but my own mind was reeling too. Was she going to reject me for who she thought I was, and not who I am? She didn’t know why the other brides had worked out. She had only ever heard stories of my ruthlessness. But I was a fair ruler. And I was madly into her. I wanted her to see who I could be, not who the world saw me as.  

“Is that why you killed him?” She asked after what felt like a million years.  

“Who?” I asked, uneasily, not loving where this was going again.  

“The Beta.” She wrote. “Blood Moon Pack.”  

I sucked in a breath and decided to answer honestly. “Yes. I wanted to selfishly break the bond you have with whoever marked you. I wanted, want you to myself. I’m an Alpha King. I don’t share.”  

However, instead of my answer soothing her, she looked insecure again.  

“So, I’m not special,” I read her board aloud, and I had to guess the last word because it was spelled wrong.  

“What do you mean? You are special, Grace. Very special. Especially to me.” I argued, not sure how she even came to that conclusion.  

“I need time to think.” She wrote, and I frowned but nodded.  

She got up slowly as if afraid to move to fast and I would change my mind about giving her time, which apart of me wanted to. I had laid everything out on the line, and she still wouldn’t open up to me. She seemed just as lost as she had been when we started the conversation, and I wasn’t sure I had made any of the right choices.  

“Let her go.” My wolf told me, even though I could tell he hated watching her walk away from us.  

“Why?” I argued with him, needing to vent my frustration a little even if it was only internally.  

“Because we need her to like us.” He answered.  

I grunted in response to him. She was supposed to be happy I was her mate, not fearful and doubtful.  

“Everyone told me to tell her. Tell her the truth. Stop hiding things. Secrets are no good in a relationship. She deserves to know. Blah blah blah.” I mimicked all the things Leon and Sawyer had said to me. “But look where that fucking got us. She walked away!”  

“You saw her face. You know how she thinks. You just dumped a ton of information on her. She needs to process. Let her process. You not only told her you’re her mate, but you told her she’s a Lycan, and she has a probable brother who you have in the dungeons,” My wolf rationalized. “You are making this about you.”  

Knowing I wasn’t going to get any more work done now, I went in search of Sawyer. I needed his soothing brother energy. Leon would tell me straight up what he was thinking, but I knew Sawyer would be more thoughtful in his responses, so I made my way to his clinic.  

“Hey,” Sawyer said in surprise when he saw me. The clinic was pretty full, but no one seemed to care that I was pulling Sawyer away from his work again. “I didn’t think I would see you today.” He said opening his office door for me.  

“She said she needed some space and time to think.” I told him honestly.  

“So, it didn’t go the way you want it, I take it?” He questioned.  

“Well would you want your mate to say that to you?”  

“Well, I’m mateless,” Sawyer smiled, “But no. I can’t imagine I would.”  

I nodded absently, staring at the family picture on the wall in his office. It was one of the few we had of Mom and Dad, me, Caleb and Sawyer, and the one in here was one of my favorites.  

“So, what happened?” He prodded.  

“Well, I laid it all out like you and Leon both told me to. I told her about her probable brother. I told her about being bound and probably a Lycan if Ethan isn’t lying. And I told her that I think she’s my mate. And she got really scared and insecure about everything. No matter what I said it didn’t seem to matter. She even asked if I told all my brides that I think they’re my mate, like it’s some kind of pick-up line. But again, she’s the one who wanted to stay, she asked if she could leave then came up with a plan to stay. I don’t understand. She should be happy that I’m her mate, that we get forever.”  

Sawyer sighed and gave me a serious look. “I know what she offered you, Rhys, and I know how you took it. But did you ever think she might not have been looking for a mate? I mean, she bared the mark of another man and didn’t even know. The idea of a mate might actually be terrifying for her.”  

I felt my frown deepened. He was right. My wolf was right. I was making this about me, but it might have absolutely nothing to truly do with me.  

“Thanks Sawyer. I’ll let you get back to work.”  

He nodded, and I showed myself out. I didn’t go straight back to her room. I wanted to honor her request for space. So, I went for a run first, and before finally feeling like the time was right to go talk to her again.  

I knocked on her door before opening it. She was sitting on the bed, hugging a pillow. She looked up at me with those crystal blue eyes, and I took that as my permission to come in.  

“Look Grace,” I said as I sat next to her on the bed. “I’m sorry for dumping everything on you like that. Especially the mate part. I’ve debated telling you for a while, but I didn’t want you to feel forced into something you weren’t ready for or didn’t want.”  

She grabbed the whiteboard, and I could tell she was trying to act confident, but her nerves were still show.  

“I accept you as my mate.” She wrote, and a huge weight lifted off my chest.  

“This is wonderful, Grace!” I tried to contain my happiness, but I couldn’t help but smile broadly.  

She turned her board back toward her and began writing again.  

“But I need you to think about me and my needs and try to” She wrote, and then there was an arrow pointed down and a person. I took me a minute to figure out the last word. She was asking me to understand her position. Her thoughts. Her everything.  

“Yes. Yes, of course, Gracie,” I assured her. “I will always do everything in my power to support you. To give you whatever you need.”  

She gave me a small smile, and started to write again. When she turned the board around, I was not prepared for the two little words on it.    

“Mark me.”
###Chapter 46: Grace
I don’t know where the courage to ask him came from, but I had done it. And now I stared at Alpha King Rhys’s face as he read what I wrote, and I watched it morph into shock, but there was also more than a hint of desire in it.  

“Grace, honey,” He stuttered slightly, the cool, calm and collected Alpha was frazzled, and I started to think I had read everything wrong. “I want to mark you. I very, very much want to, and I need you to understand that. But-”  

I knew there was a but coming, but I was I wanted to know the why. If I was really his mate, he would mark me, no hesitation. I had been right; this was just a ploy to keep me as his bride.  

“But you are still baring someone else’s mark, which could severely harm you, like what happened after our kiss last time. I have been so careful not to go too far. I won’t risk you, Grace.”  

I froze. He was worried about me after what happened last time? There had been a distance since then while also a new closeness that I hadn’t understood until this moment. He had been trying to protect me.  

“Please.” I tried again. “I want you to mark me.”  

“No, Grace. Not till we get rid of that other mark on your neck.” He told me again. “I won’t do that to you. We can wait. I’ve waited this long; I can wait awhile longer.”  

“No.” I panicked a little. I needed him to do this. I need him to prove how much he wanted me. I needed him to make this real. To prove it wasn’t all going to just fade away like an illusion.  

“Gracie, just because I’m not marking you, doesn’t mean my feelings for you change at all.” He tried, I think he noticed the panic in me because he moved closer, so our knees were touching. “Why does it matter so much to you?” He asked brushing my hair out of my face.  

“You promised.” I tried bringing up what he had said 5 minutes ago about meeting my needs. “This is a need.” Then I drew the down arrow again and a person standing.  

“But I don’t understand,” He frowned. “I promised to protect you and take care of you, not harm you, and that’s what I would be doing.”  

I thought for a moment. I didn’t know how to explain to him my thoughts. I considered talking out loud for the first time in a long time, but I thought against it. I didn’t know how to spell many things, so communicating beyond the basics was getting harder. No one had ever cared this much about my thoughts before. Was I being gullible? That’s why I needed him to mark me. So, I knew the truth. I needed to know the truth. That he was serious about us.  

“Your mark will no more his mark. You’re the Alpha King.” I wrote after a long moment.  

“But we don’t know that for sure.” He argued.  

“It will. I can take the pain.” I insisted, scribbling my response before he was even done.  

“But I don’t want you to take the pain!” He raised his voice in frustration.  

“It will take away the old mark. You are powerful. Most powerful. I can do this. Trust me!”  

He was silent for a long moment. I could see his want and longing trying to persuade the logical side of his brain that was telling him this was a bad idea. He wanted this, and that was almost enough for me. Almost. But I need the illogical side to win. Because I would either die of pain and filled with false promises that I believed, or question everything, never fully believing my mate. If that’s what he really was.  

“It will hurt, Grace. It will hurt a lot.” He said after a long moment as if that would change my mind.  

“I know.” I wrote back. “But I can do it.” I had endured so much in my life. A little more pain for something that could be amazing, seemed worth something. This pain seemed worth something.  

“Okay.” He finally relented. “I know you keep saying that the pain will be okay, but you also need to know that when we both bare each other’s marks, you will go into the heat. And I’m not sure anyone has ever told you about the heat since you know very little about wolf culture. But it will cause a strong desire for sexual activity.”  

I hesitated for a moment. Was I ready for that? What would it be like? Would I lose complete control over myself? Despite my inner turmoil over this new revelation, I nodded, telling him I understood.  

“I will be with you the entire time, Grace.” And for the first time, I realized how my heart fluttered every single time he said my name. The way it rolled off his tongue in such a simple manner, but only he said it that way. Like I was everything to him. “You won’t face anything alone. You will never face anything alone, again.”  

I smiled at him, and he touched my face gently. I laid back on the bed, propped up a little on the pillows and he climbed on top of me placed one of his knees on each side, resting next to my hips.  

“Are you ready for this baby?” He asked, his voice husky with desire, and I could see his pupils change with desire, his wolf coming forward.  

I nodded and lifted my chin, so he’d have better access. 

“Then let’s do this,” He smiled one of those really rare Rhys smiles.  

He leaned in, his canine teeth coming forward, but I didn’t want to look at them. I tried not to move as they sunk them into my skin. I immediately began to feel pain, but I wasn’t sure if it was from his teeth, the mark or something completely different and writhered in agony as it intensified.  

Alpha King Rhys must have noticed because he started to pull away, but I grabbed his head and pulled him deeper into me. I cried out in pain, unable to help it anymore, but I kept Rhys firmly in place. My vision began to blur and my arms dropped to their side on their own accord. Rhys pulled away from my neck immediately. His hands frantically reached for my face, and I could see his lips moving, calling my name maybe, but I heard nothing as I slipped right into the darkness...
###Chapter 47: Grace
The darkness was soothing. There was nothing there. No pain. No feelings of any kind. Just nothing. There was a peacefulness that I had never experienced before. Everything seemed to be okay, but there was a voice that started calling for me. It was soft, deep, and sweet with a hint of worry. It was like he was coaxing me back to the light, which I wasn’t sure I wanted to go, but something was pulling me there. Maybe fate was real.  

I blinked my eyes slowly. The room was a greyish color which told me the sun must be close to setting or just rising, and I turned my head to see Rhys sitting next to me, my hand in his.  

His eyes met mine slowly, and he breathed a sigh of relief, which made me smile slightly. 

“Hi beautiful,” He whispered, his voice husky with emotion. “I’m so glad you're awake. I was so worried. How are you feeling? Are you in pain?”  

I shook my head no and gave him a thumbs up with my other hand. I felt tired for just waking up, but the peaceful feeling from the nothingness seemed to have followed me to the real world, and I couldn’t possibly complain about that.  

 I touched my neck, wondering if the mark stuck, if it was real or if I had imagined it. I grabbed the chalkboard that was sitting next to the bed and started to sit up.  

“Whoa, easy there, my love,” Rhys’s arm wrapped around my waist and helped me into a sitting position. “You only just woke up.”  

I rolled my eyes. He was being dramatic, and I wasn’t used to that.  

“Tell me what happ-” I didn’t know how to spell happened, but I hoped he understood what I was meant.  

“You don’t remember?” He frowned,  

I started scribbling on my board again, stopping him from mindlinking Sawyer to come take a look at me.  

“I want to hear it from you.” I told him.  

He smiled softly, sitting directly in front of me now, and brushed some loose strands of hair out of my face.  

“You asked me to mark you, and I did, but then you passed out, and have been passed out for the last 36 hours. I was so worried. But it was shorter than last time, and no fever, or anything of that nature, and my mark now is imprinted on your neck, and you’re awake. And here.” He paused for a moment before asking again, “Are you sure you’re okay?”  

“Perfect.” I answered on my chalkboard.  

He smiled a real smile, and his hand cupped my face gently.  

“I’m sorry I did that.” He apologized. “We should have found another way to remove the mark.”  

I wanted to say it was okay. I was a willing participant, and wanted it, badly, but I had no idea how to spell participant.  

“You don’t have to write it,” Rhys touches the hand with the chalk in it. “I know you were a willing participant, but that doesn’t mean I wanted to do that to you, Grace.”  

What the heck? I hadn’t said anything out loud, had I? How did he know what I was going to write?  

“It’s the mate bond,” Rhys answered, my again unspoken questions. “I can feel and hear your thoughts, and you should be able to hear and feel mine. It might not be super strong yet because you don’t have your Lycan, but I think you should still be able to.  

And he was right. I hadn’t noticed at first, but I could feel his ecstasy, he was barely containing it.  

He jumped off the bed before grabbing me and swinging me around, and I squealed in delight. I had never seen Rhys this happy ever, and to personally feel it from him was even better. 

“I always knew you were my mate,” He said as he put me down, but didn’t release me.  “From that first day, Gracie where you slipped into that room, thinking you were alone. So broken and alone. I was drawn to you. I knew I needed to get you away from there. I knew you belonged with me. I just didn’t quite know how or why. I just knew you were mine.” I wrapped my arms around his waist, initiating contact and for him to pull me closer for the first time.  

“I have waited so long for this, Grace. So long for you. No one else ever felt right. No one else even compares to you.” He continued, looking down at me with a sense of awe. “And when I sunk my teeth into you and released my wolf’s venom into you, my goddess, I had never felt anything like that before. It was the most exquisite moment of my life. I almost couldn’t stop myself.”  

I smiled at the way he was talking. No one had ever said such magnificent things to me. It was like I was his whole world.  

His eyes flickered to my lips, and mine flickered to his, giving him my approval. He leaned in, just peaking my forehead, which was not what I was expecting. Then he kissed my left eye and then my right, and I looked up at him curiously, wondering what exactly he was doing, anticipation building in my core as he then kissed my cheek, soft and slow before moving to the other side before finally meeting my lips with his.  

It was just a kiss, but I felt like I was on cloud 9 as he pulled away for moment.  

“Have you ever fantasized about us before, Grace?” He teased, and I flashed back to the training center the other day, my face heating at the memory.  

“Because let me tell you,” He said each word as he peppered me with kisses, “I have fantasized about this moment for a long time. And now it’s here.”  

Feeling brave, I lifted his chin and pulled him back to my face. I needed his lips on mine. I needed to taste him the way he kept tasting me.  

His hands pulled at the hem of my dress, and I lifted my arms so he could pull it over my head, his body moving in sync with mine. As soon as my dress hit the floor, I grabbed the hem of his shirt and pulled it over his head. I needed us to be closer, and he seemed to know it as he yanked his jeans and underwear off, standing there in front of me in all his glory. And for the first time, I felt like I could stare at his body, and it wouldn’t be weird. And I would take my sweet time exploring every single inch of it...
###Chapter 48: Grace
I turned around, so he could unhook my bra for me, and I was practically shaking with anticipation. There was no fear this time, only true sweet desire. I wasn’t sure but I think that this was what love felt like.  

His hands gently removed my bra, and when I reached for my underwear, he stopped me. “Let me.” He pleaded.  

I nodded, and he knelt before me, slowly removing my underwear, and peppering my legs with kisses as he went. I stepped out of them, using him for balance, but then he didn’t stand up after. Instead, once again, peppering my legs with kisses all the way up to my clit. I startled slightly as he flicked it a couple times with his tongue, but continuing up my body with a slew of kisses. Some were long and drawn up and some were just little pecks, but I was so turned on it was hard not to squirm. As his mouth returned to mind, his hand began to rub my clit. I had never felt so good, and we were only just beginning.  

“Do you like that, Gracie?” He breathed against my lips, and I suppressed a moan, but nodded my head slightly.  

He pushed me back against the bed, and I allowed myself to plop onto it as he climbed over me.  

“You’re so wet for me, my Gracie. What a good girl.” He said in between kisses that were being littered among my side, and his hand didn’t stop moving over my clit. “Your body is so responsive because we were made for each other, Grace. There is no more proof than this moment right here, right now.”  

His dick was pressing into my leg, and he began to adjust himself to line up to my entrance. I didn’t know what to expect, I had never gone this far. I had never even really touched myself. This was new territory, and he was huge.  

“I want to be inside you as you experience your first orgasm,” He said, kissing my face everywhere, but my lips. “Call me selfish, but I want to feel it. I want to be your cause. Are you ready?”  

I didn’t hesitate this time. I wasn’t nervous. I just wanted this feeling to continue forever. I felt his member press into me a little at a time. I knew he was trying to be gentle, since it was my first time, despite the fact that he was feeling impatient. He was large, but slowly he got deeper, and I suppressed every sound that tried to escape me.  

He started to move in a faster rhythm as his mouth teased my nipples. I bit my tongue to stop myself from calling out, something that did not go unnoticed by my mate.  

“It’s okay, mate,” He said slightly breathless. “Make all the noises you want. Stop biting that tongue and let it out. It’s all natural.”  

I didn’t know if I could do that, but the more he pounded into me, the less self-control I seemed to have.  

An “Ah,” Escaped my lips before I could stop it, and I swear if Rhys could have been any happier, he might have exploded.  

“That’s right, my sweet, Gracie, let it out. I know you aren’t a true mute. You’re safe here, and I want you screaming my name as we orgasm together for the first time.”  

“Ohh.” Another one escaped, god, I really was losing all forms of self-control.  

“That’s it, baby,” Rhys coaxed, “So close.”   

I felt the pressure in my lower abdomen building and I wasn’t sure how much more I could take when it happened.  

“Rhys!” I screamed, my first real word in nearly a decade.  

“That’s it, baby! Cum for me!”  

It was like nothing I had ever felt. The high I felt as Rhys stopped thrusting and we both just lived in ecstasy for a what felt like forever. His fingernails digging into my thighs, my hands, pulling at his hair.  

Rhys’s hand caressed my face, and I closed my eyes for a moment, trying to catch my breath, as Rhys did the same.  

“My mate,” He whispered after a long moment.  

“My mate.” I whispered back.  

“I like the sound of your voice,” He told me as he leaned down and kissed my lips again. 

I smiled, this was the polar opposite of what would have happened in my old pack if I had chosen to speak. I liked this option way better.  

Rhys pulled out of my slowly, and then helped pulled me up.  

“Come on, Grace, let's get cleaned up in the bath.” He said gently. “How do you feel?”  

“Perfect.” I whispered, still a little afraid to speak any louder than that.  

He smiled at me as he climbed in the tub gracefully with me in his arms. He gently took the washcloth and began lathering up my whole body. There was nothing sexual in this moment like there had been just minutes ago, it was just comfortable. 

He was just about done, when I started to feel different. My ears started to ring, and I felt dizzy. And there was this amazing smell, that I couldn’t figure out where it was coming from. It was like spring.  I just assumed this was an after sex, but Rhys seemed to notice my sudden onset of symptoms, and a worried look appeared on his face.  

“What’s wrong, Grace?” He asked, his voice laced with worry.  

“Nothing,” I said not wanting to cause trouble.  

“You can’t lie to me, Gracie,” He said seriously, “I can literally feel you. I’m taking you to Sawyer. He stood up out of the bath and grabbed us both towels, and clothes. He seemed to need to do something, so I let him dress me like a doll, and I didn’t even complain when he carried me to the clinic, because the last thing I needed was to pass out and worry him even more.  

“What’s going on?” Sawyer asked, ushering us into an exam room when he saw us from his office.  

“She’s dizzy and there’s this awful ringing in her ears, and some sort of weird smell.” Rhys explained my symptoms before I even had the chance. This knowing each other's thoughts thing was a little creepy at times.  

“You marked her?” He asked in surprise.  

Rhys nodded and Sawyer began his work up. But as I sort of suspected, there was nothing truly wrong.  

“I think it was just part of the bond breaking with the person who initially marked her.” Sawyer said after making sure I wasn’t dying or anything. “And the weird smell is probably her just scenting you for the first time, your personal mate smell now that you’ve marked her.” 

I nodded and looked at Rhys. I might talk in front of him, but that didn’t mean I was ready to talk in front of others quite yet.  

“And the bond is definitely broken with the other person?” Rhys asked, uncertainly.  

“It appears that way.”  

“How do you feel Grace?”  

“I’m okay now.” I answered in my head.  

He studied me a moment before, nodding and saying, “Well, we’ve already had quite an eventful day, but what do you say we go and meet your brother?”
###Chapter 49: Rhys
I watched Grace’s reaction closely. I didn’t want her to overdo it, especially since she just scared the life out of me. I had thought it was a delayed reaction to breaking the bond, or maybe the bond wasn’t broken, but Sawyer seemed pretty sure that it was just the side effects of me marking her. Her sense just seemed to be more alert, and he didn’t think it was anything to be worried about at all.  

He just kept looking back and forth at the two of us as if he could figure out exactly what had happened since I left his clinic two days ago. When Grace had been passed out, I had mindlinked him several times, and he had even come in to take her vitals several times, but we didn’t talk about what had actually gone down, and I definitely didn’t tell him he was right even though he and Leon had been.  

In truth, I wasn’t sure this was a good idea after the day Grace had had, but I didn’t want there to be any more big secrets or things between us. We needed to start our mateship off on a good note, and this was an important part of it.  

She clung on to my arm as I approached her. I was thrilled to finally be able to touch her now that Sawyer had finished his exam. But honestly, I was just happy to be able to touch her at all. A few days ago, I wouldn’t have dreamed this was possible.  

I longed to hear her voice again as I awaited her answer, but I wouldn’t rush anything. The fact that she had even said anything was a miracle, but then she surprised me.  

“Why?” She asked, her voice soft, and my heart fluttered. I smirked at the shock on Sawyer’s face. I hadn’t told anyone that she was starting to speak again, but I figured it would be slow going, but she was already far farther along than I expected.  

“Because I don’t think he’s lying,” I told her honestly, rubbing her hand with my thumb. “I think it will help you to embrace your identity and power once we finally break through the bonds.” 

“I’ll go, but I still don’t want to undo the binds.” She argued as we started walking out the door and back to the packhouse.  

“Why?” I asked, not quite understanding what she was so afraid of.  

“Well, unbinding will hurt. Probably even more than marking. I don’t understand why you are trying so hard to turn me into a monster!” There was a bit of hysteria in her voice now, and I felt a little bad for pushing.  

“Gracie, honey, just because you’re different, doesn’t make you a monster. But I would feel this way about you even if you were a monster.”  

She didn’t say anything, but her grip on my hand tightened.  

“Grace?” I tried again, but she didn’t respond, so I continued. “Your feelings are valid, and I understand that you are scared, but I’m proud of you for doing this.”  

Once we got to my office, and I pulled her chair over next to mine, I mindlinked Leon to bring Ethan to my office. Grace and I sat in silence until the familiar knock that meant Leon was here disturbed us.  

I hesitated halfway across the room and wondered again if this was the right choice. I looked back at Grace, who motioned for me to go open the door, but her face was masked with a look of perfect indifference.  

“Thank you for meeting with us.” I said, not opening the door all the way yet. I wanted to know what Ethan thought exactly, I had told Leon not to tell him anything.  

“As if I had a choice,” Ethan huffed as I opened the door fully, revealing Grace.  

“Grace,” He whispered in surprise too low for her to hear. 

In this moment, I could see bits of Grace in his mannerisms, and her in his. I hadn’t quite realized how similar they both were, but now they were both here, and both nervous, and it was obvious that they were related.  

I gestured for him to come fully into the office, and he took the seat across from her, his fingers digging into his skin as if he was trying to convince himself this was real, similarly to the way Grace was digging into the arms of her chair.  

“Grace, my love,” I said as I placed my hands on her shoulders for comfort as I stood behind her. “This is Ethan. Ethan, this is Grace.”  

“It’s so good to finally meet you, Grace,” Ethan gushed.  

Grace nodded her acknowledgment, but didn’t say anything. I could feel through our bond that she was feeling overwhelmed by all this, but her face didn’t change.  

“You don’t remember me, do you?” He asked, studying her. This was the most alive I had seen the guy. It was like he was a little ball of energy, and Grace was peace.  

Grace shook her head no, and I was saddened to know she was resorting to not talking again.  

“I didn’t really expect you to.” Ethan told her earnestly. “We were separated long before we started creating conscious memories. I probably should be dead, but the person who cast me out, took pity on me, and secretly made sure I didn’t get killed by other rogues. I got lucky and the man who raised me came along pretty quickly and protected me. It took a while for us to piece everything together, but eventually we realized who I was, and I found out about you. Ever since I found out,  I have done my best to keep an eye on you.”  

“How did you find me?” Grace asked quietly after a long moment, finally gaining the courage to speak.  

“Lycans can sense each other.” Ethan confirmed as though it was common sense. “And because you and I are twins, I can feel you pretty strongly, and to prove it, I know you were just newly marked by Alpha King Rhys.”  

Grace immediately shifted my hand on her shoulder to try and subtly cover her mark. I tapped into our bond and realized that she felt exposed and anxious by how much Ethan seemed to know about her.  

“You don’t need to hide it, Grace,” Ethan teased, not missing what had just happened. “I already know.”  

“That’s enough,” Leon intervened before I had even thought about it. “You are here to answer the Luna’s questions and that is it. Another peep out of you that isn’t relevant, I will take you straight back to the dungeons!”
###Chapter 50: Rhys
“I was just trying to bond with my sister,” Ethan protested, curling into himself a little, the same way Grace was trying to do at the very same time.  

“This isn’t the time for bonding, we haven’t decided what to do with you yet,” I said cooly. “You were brought here to give us information on Lycans. We had never heard of Lycans until one attacked my pack a couple weeks ago, and then we found you. There’s next to information out there. I can’t find a single book that mentions them, so I want to know exactly what we want and then we might spare your life, though it truthfully isn’t my decision.”  

Ethan’s face fell even more, but he shrugged, trying to act like he didn’t care that much.  

“What do you want to know?” I could tell he was trying to keep his voice casual.  

“Start with where they came from.” I commanded, “And what they are.”  

Ethan nodded, and I could tell he was trying to decide where to start with his story. He had mentioned several things in the dungeon, but I wanted to know if his story stayed the same or if he changed anything. This was for Grace, but it was also a test on my end.  

“Well, Lycan’s, like werewolves, are children of the Moon Goddess.” He answered after some thought. “They are half werewolf, half human, hence the different form. We were created by werewolves and humans marking and mating each other during the full moon.”  

“Is that why your form is bipedal?” I asked, wondering why I had never even heard a legend about Lycans if they came from werewolves.  

“Yes, I believe so,” Ethan answered. “Honestly, there’s a lot of lore about how we got our form, but to me, that makes the most sense.”  

“If you lived with rogues,” Grace asked, drawing out her thoughts. “How did you learn about Lycans?” 

“Lycans aren’t super common,” Ethan answered easily, “But they aren’t super rare either. Most Lycan packs try to live a normal life in the human world or pass themselves off as werewolves for safety purposes.”  

It made sense. Kind of. They were half-breeds, stuck not really fitting into either world quite perfectly.  

“Is that better or worse than what the werewolves do?” Grace asked, and I could tell she was feeling a bit more comfortable with the situation.  

“I don’t think you can compare the two. Lycan’s were hunted a long time ago because people saw us as mutts. We got the best of humans and werewolves in my opinion, but not everyone saw it that way. They thought we shouldn’t exist, that were causing, ‘chaos among the humans’ and it caused all sorts of problems for Lycan’s causing almost every pack to change in one way or another to protect themselves.”  

“So, they live in packs like werewolves?”  

“Yes, usually, but it’s not as big of a deal as it is for full blood werewolves.”  

“Can you fully shift into a wolf, or can you only do that other thing?” She asked.  

“That thing is called a Lycan, but it’s really just an extension of ourselves if that makes sense. Werewolves are like two separate beings in one, while Lycan’s can change, but it’s still just us. Have you had your first shift yet?” He asked. 

“No.”  

“Really?” Ethan said in surprise. “Well, we should probably work on that. The first time is a little painful, but now I can do it without feeling anything at all. Have you never just wanted to shift?”  

“Shifting is complicated.” I interjected before more could be said about Grace not being able to shift... “No more questions about her.”  

“Sorry,” Ethan raised his hands as a peach offering. “Would you like me to show you a shift?”  

“No, thank you.” Grace replied simply, and I knew it was because the thing terrified her, even if her brother didn’t anymore. 

 “Okay...” He looked like he didn’t know what to talk about next.  

“And are our abilities the same as werewolves?” Grace asked.  

“Some are,” Ethan answered easily. I could tell this was the first question all night that he could talk about forever. “We have similar abilities in the senses of sight, scent and hearing. We also have the ability to fully feel our mate, unlike humans. But Lycan’s can’t mindlink the way werewolves can. Mates tend to share an ability similar to mindlink, where they can share thoughts and feel feelings, but within the pack as a whole, it’s not a thing. And in the same breath, Lycan’s can sense each other, which is how I have always found you over the years, werewolves can’t do that.... At least in the same way.”  

“You said you kept tabs on me.” Grace stated, seemingly changing the subjects.  

“Yes.” Ethan looked nervous by this declaration.  

“Did you know things were bad?” She asked.  

“I didn’t and don’t know the extent of anything,” Ethan told her nervously, and I watched him fidget in his chair with his cuffs, but he also seemed determined to tell her the truth. “However, I did hear rumors sometimes. “  

“Why didn’t you come save me?” She asked, a vulnerable look crossing her face.  

“I was just a kid, Grace... I wanted to come get you and drag you back to the nowhere lines, especially after the Luna passed, but there was a lot of danger there. I was just going to be taking you from somewhere unsafe to somewhere else unsafe. I’m sorry I couldn’t protect you.” His voice broke a bit, but he tried to hide it.  

“It was my fault she died,” Grace mumbled, and I could feel her grief like it was my own. 

“No, it wasn’t.” Ethan said adamantly, looking surprised. “Why would you think that?”  

“I was thrown in the dungeon for years because of it.” Grace answered looking aghast at his declaration.  

“I think you were a scapegoat, Grace.” He responded, his voice softening in an attempt to reach her. “There were lots of rumors after it happened. Just because our father didn’t take the time to look at the facts, doesn’t mean that others didn’t. I don’t believe you’ve ever killed anyone. I don’t think you have a mean bone in your body.”   

“You don’t know me.” Grace whispered.  

“No. Not officially.” Ethan agreed. “But I do know that you would have made a far better Luna than Kinsley. You are a Lycan, Grace, and the faster you accept your identity, the quicker you will realize that you will realize what was always meant for you. That you should have inherited the pack, not Kinsley."
###Chapter 51: Grace
“Come on, Grace,” Ethan prodded. “Don’t you think it’s weird how everything in that pack worked? How you were blamed for the Luna’ death, but not given a trial or literally any chance at all to uncover the truth? Don’t you want to know what happened and get justice for all the injustices against you? To prove your own innocence and take back what’s rightfully-?” 

“That’s enough!” My mate cut him off angrily. “You are not here to regain control of a pack you don’t even remember living in. You are not here to influence her. You are here ONLY to answer questions, and not here to push your own agenda!”  

I felt uncomfortable still, but I stared at my so-called brother. I remembered the day the Luna died. It was one of the worst days of my life, and it was engrained in my brain so clearly. I hadn’t even seen the Luna that day before being dragged away, thrown in the dungeon, and accused of murder by my own father. I was so confused at what was going on, but Ethan was sort of right. It hadn’t made any sense then, and it didn’t make any sense now. Everything felt out of control and confusing. I didn’t know what to think. What to believe.  

“Sorry,” Ethan responded, shrinking back a little. “I just wanted-”  

“I don’t care what you wanted,” Rhys cut him off, anger dripping from his voice. “I would have done everything I could to get my sister out of that situation, instead of gathering ‘bits and pieces’ of information as it was convenient.”  

“Well, that’s easy to say when you have all the resources you do,” Ethan bit back angrily. “You forget that I was also only 14 when the Luna died. I was a rogue kid, and yea, I had a little help, but I was not in a good place either.”  

“SHE WASN”T SAFE THERE!” Rhys bellowed.  

I touched his hand with my own in an attempt to calm him, the way he kept attempting to calm me.  

“AND SHE WOULDN’T HAVE BEEN SAFE IF I TOOK HER AWAY!” I’ll give Ethan props, Rhys’ aura was strong right now, and he wasn’t backing down. “I told you already. I did what I could. I did have an informant in the pack. He attempted to get in contact with Grace several times and was never successful. Then he was killed shortly after the Luna. I also did try to approach Grace, several times, and every time I was unsuccessful. When she was younger, she played outside a lot, and I was 7 the first time I tried. However, once the Luna died, it was impossible. She never left the house, and despite multiple attempts, I could never get in.”  

He had tried to get to me? I wasn’t sure whether I was happy to know he tried or creeped out, but he it was nice to know either way he tried.  

“Okay, we are getting nowhere,” Rhys shook his head in exasperation. “He’s annoying me. Leon, take him back to the dungeon. Now, please.”  

Ethan looked saddened by the news, but I was grateful. I didn’t know how to feel about everything, and I had no real reason to believe the stranger in front of me, even if a part of me wanted to. A part of me wanted to believe that without me knowing, somebody cared about me, and tried, even if it didn’t work out.   

The door shut, and I turned my chair around to look at my mate who hadn’t moved from behind me. It was crazy that he went from being The Alpha King in my head to just Rhys. He was just my Rhys, and I was glad he was here. 

“I’m sorry, Gracie.” He let out an exasperated sigh. “I thought he would help empower you, and reassure you, and he did was make it worse and make you feel guilty.”  

I gave him a small smile.  

“He looks like my father a bit,” I told him thinking back on everything I remembered. “Especially his eyes, but I don’t remember him at all. And nobody ever mentioned to me that I had a brother, a twin, but I guess that doesn’t mean much because they really didn’t talk to me anyway.”  

“When I saw him,” Rhys touched my face gently, “I thought his eyes looked like yours, so it’s funny that you mention your father. But I think yours are far prettier.”   

“I don’t know what to believe,” I confessed.  

“That’s okay.” Rhys told me. “You don’t have to make any choices right now. I just thought you should meet him, but I’m not sure that was the right choice based on how that went.”  

I could feel the guilt rolling off him. “It could have been worse.” I shrugged as I stood up.  

He let out a little chuckle taking me by surprise and then pulled me into him. “You never cease to amaze me, Grace.” He said in awe. “I promise that I will hunt down every single person who has ever hurt you. They will pay for what they’ve done.”  

His fingers traced my sides as I looked up at him, making me shiver. I didn’t know what to believe about anything. I had always believed that everything was my fault even though I couldn’t remember doing anything. I had always believed I deserved their poor treatment of me. I was the bastard child after all. But Alpha King Rhys here had changed everything for me. And I couldn’t help but feel comforted just simply by being with him. I was glad he had been here for me to confront my maybe brother.  

My eyes flicked to his lips, and knowing exactly what I wanted, he leaned in. His springtime scent filled my senses. His lips met mine, soft and slow, and feeling brave, I deepened the kiss. His tongue asked for entrance into my mouth, and I made way for it. I might not know much, but I did know that I was exactly where I was supposed to be.
###Chapter 52: Grace
Rhys pushed me gently, backing me up until my butt hit the desk. In one fluid motion, he lifted me so I was sitting on it, without ever even breaking the kiss. I felt a flash of heat flood through me as I reached for his shirt.  

An abrupt, forceful knocking startled us both, and Rhys jumped back, pulling his shirt back into place. He glared at the door, but the knocking didn’t stop. He ran a frustrated hand through his hair as he gave me an apologetic look and walked to the door.  

“What do you want?” He growled when he opened the door.  

“Sorry to interrupt whatever work was clearly being done here,” Sawyer said breathlessly with a slight smirk before turning serious again. “But there’s someone here to see you.”  

“Tell them to go away.” Rhys snapped at him. 

“I don’t think that’s going to work, Rhys,” Sawyer retorted, and I wondered what exactly was going on. “It’s Allison.”  

“Allison?” I couldn’t see Rhys’ face, but I could hear the bewilderment and anger in his tone. “What is she doing here?”  

“I don’t know, but she won’t leave till she sees you. She’s downstairs in the meeting room. At least that’s where I left her.” Sawyer answered.  

“I don’t understand,” I interrupted, jumping off the desk. “Who is Allison?”  

I watched Rhys take a deep breath, and I could feel the amount of effort it was taking for him to keep his voice calm to talk to me.  

“She is one of my ex-fiancés.” He answered, not meeting my eyes, and I found myself upset with that. “I have to go deal with this, I’ll see you in a bit, okay?”  

I felt my face fall, but I tried to hide it. “Oh, uh yea sure,” I responded, but he didn’t wait for my reply, he was already gone.  

“Are you okay, Grace?” Sawyer asked when I didn’t move after a few moments.  

I nodded, but didn’t say anything or move. I felt frozen inside. My brand-new mate was going off to see some other girl who was more than just a girl, she was an ex. An ex he apparently cared about.  

“Come on, let’s go upstairs, and eat lunch in our suite?” He suggested, looking uncomfortable and awkward.  

I nodded, and followed him out, but it felt like I was moving in slow motion. When we entered the suite, I sat down on one of the bar stools as Sawyer stared at what we had in the fridge.  

“Grilled Cheese?” He asked, and I didn’t miss the pity in his eyes.  

I nodded again. I didn’t really feel like talking much. The betrayal I felt at the moment was a little too great. We had literally been in the middle of something, and he chose to go to her instead.  

Before I knew it there was a plate in front of me with a grilled cheese sandwich, grapes, and sour cream and onion chips, but I really wasn’t that hungry.   

“Do you have any questions?” Sawyer asked, giving me the opportunity to talk about what was on my mind.  

“Tell me about her,” I said after several beats of silence.  

“As you heard downstairs, she is one of Rhys’ ex-fiancés, and her name is Allison. She was accepted into our pack a few years ago. She fell in love with him almost immediately and began doing crazy things for him. She betrayed her family and killed her own mate to prove her love. Not that it mattered though, Rhys never fell for her, never marked her or anything like that. He just let her live, which personally I think was a mistake that is coming back to bite him in the butt.”  

I smiled slightly at Sawyer’s last comment, but then a thought crossed my mind, and I needed to know if I was being crazy or if I had a reason to think the things that were running through my head.  

“Why is she back?” I asked, my voice far more vulnerable than I would have liked to show.  

Sawyer sighed, turning serious again. “I’m not sure.” He answered uneasily. “But my guess is that she heard about you.”  

Great. I wasn’t being crazy.  

“So, she’s trying to win back the Alpha King?” I asked, trying to sound casual, but Alpha King didn’t sound right anymore. However, I needed distance between us. If he was going to leave me, then I needed to start preparing myself. I knew who marked me this time, and this time, I wasn’t sure I’d make it out alive if he decided he didn’t want me in more ways than one.  

“That would be my guess.” Sawyer answered with a frown as he stared at me. “But that’s not what she said when she showed up. But don’t worry, Rhys will handle it.”  

We finished lunch in silence, and I was about to return to my room when Sawyer said, “Come on, let’s go for a walk, it will do you good.”  

I didn’t think it would change anything, but I agreed because my only other choice was to sit alone with my thoughts, which sounded less appealing. I hated how much I was spiraling over someone who I had only just learned was my mate.   

 Sawyer was right though. The more I moved, the better I felt. The fresh air calmed my senses and allowed me to think clearer. I fell in love with gardens. I hadn’t realized they existed, but they did, and they were stunning.  

“Sawyer! Grace!”  

I turned at the sound of our names to see Beta Leon walking toward us.  

“What’s wrong?” Sawyer questioned him immediately.  

“I heard some rumors.” Leon started when he was close enough. “Do not let Allison anywhere near Grace. Rhys has marked her, making the situation even more precarious than it was before.”  

At first, I didn’t realize what the mark had to do with anything, but as the Beta and Sawyer continued to talk, I realized what it meant. Since I was marked, she would have to kill me to get to Rhys. And she killed her own mate, so she would kill me without any hesitation. And I couldn’t even shift...
###Chapter 53: Rhys
I was fuming as I made my way to the meeting room on the first floor. I should have known she would show up the second she found out that I had a new girl I was interested in. I was actually surprised that it took her this long too, since every other time she had been there within a few days of a girl arriving. I should have known, but I had been so caught up in Grace, that I had forgotten that I was the Alpha King, and I had to act like it.  

“Rhys!” Allison squealed as I walked through the open doorway, and slammed the door shut. She was sitting on top of the desk with her feet on the chair like she owned the damn place. “I knew Sawyer was lying when he said you weren’t here. All you had to do was hear my name, and I knew you’d come running.”  

She then proceeded to bare her unmarked neck at me, and I felt the anger inside rising. 

“What are you doing here, Allison?” I growled.  

“I came to see you, of course,” She giggled, and I noticed she was wearing a short black skirt and red top that her boobs practically hung out of.  

“I have no interest in seeing you.” I responded in irritation. “I have no interest in bein near you. I have no interest in you at all, Allison.”  

“But we were once so close...” She pouted, sticking out her lip as if that would sway my feelings. “I killed my mate for you, darling. Don’t you remember?” She asked as she slid off the desk, her already short skirt rising as she did so.  

“You did that for you, Allison. Not for me. Don’t confuse the two.” I stated coldly.  

It didn’t deter her though. She swayed her hips slightly as she moved toward me, trying to look sexy I would presume, but it only made me nauseous.  

“Allison, I am not interested.” I tried again, taking a step back.  

She was a mere couple of feet away now.  

“Stop!” I let my aura come out a bit. “I have already marked another woman. I am not interested in you or your games. That is enough!”  

She froze in shock for a moment, but I knew that this information would only keep her at bay for so long.  

“But you’ve never marked any of your fiancés before. You always said you didn’t feel the need to.” Allison stammered. I knew she was shocked, but I also knew she was probably already trying to come up with her next move.  

“This time was different.” I replied cooly, increasing the distance between us.  

“Well, it’s a mistake!” Allison shouted angrily, jealousy dripping from her voice. “You’ve made a big fucking mistake.”  

“Think what you want.” I told her.  

She took a shaky breath before taking a step closer to me, and I frowned, that was not what I wanted to happen,  

“It’s okay, baby,” She said, her sultry voice back. “We can fix this. I can make this little problem you’ve created go away. Don’t worry.”  

“There is nothing to fix, Allison. I am committed to my mate, and if you go anywhere near her, you will regret it. Am I clear?”  

“But Rhys,” She argued. “We have so much history. You’re going to just throw it all away on a girl you just met? I saved you from my family. I killed my mate for you. I did everything to make you happy, and it doesn’t mean anything to you?”  

“No.” I replied, irritation seeping through my voice that this wasn’t over yet. “It’s all ancient history. We didn’t work out. It’s over. It’s been over. I let you live. Now leave, before your pestering gets on my last nerve, and you get a consequence you don’t like.”    

“Where’s Caleb?” She asked, looking around like he was just going to waltz right in here. “He’ll talk some sense into you.”  

I turned to head back upstairs, ignoring her. She had no business in what was going on between Caleb and me. I needed to go find Grace to apologize for the rude interruption we had, and I would make it up to her, picking back up where we left off. After talking and seeing Allison again, I was so glad I never went through mating or marriage with her or any of the past women. None of them even compared to Grace. Grace was made for me, and it was obvious.  

“Wait!” Allison cried out, grabbing my arm and forcing me to turn back.  

I looked at her hand on my arm then back at her with a glare, and she immediately let go. 

“I found a job in the pack, and you know how much I need one,” It wasn’t a question, but she was making it sound like one, and I knew she as feigning helplessness, either hoping I’d tell her she didn’t have to work or that I’d tell her she could stay. “I intend to settle down now in the pack. I’m ready for that.”  

“Are you?” I asked sarcastically.  

“I am.” She answered, not recognizing it. “Please. I won’t bother your new mate. I just want to meet her and stay.”  

“No.” I answered flatly.   

“What? Too afraid of what your people will think? Is she not presentable?” Allison provoked. “Regretting your choices already?”  

“Of course not,” I growled. “She is perfect.”  

“Then why can’t I meet her?” Allison prodded. “Just one time, and I’ll go live my little life in the pack.”  

I rolled my eyes, but something about this felt off. Why on earth would she want to meet Grace? It didn’t make any sense. She was up to something, and I needed to know what it was. The timing of her returning was too weird. 

“You can stay.” I found myself saying reluctantly.  

“Oh, can she?”  

 I whirled around to see Sawyer and Grace standing in the doorway, Leon not far behind them, looking absolutely horrified by what I had just agreed to...
###Chapter 54: Rhys
My stomach sank at the sight of Grace. She was who I was doing this for, but would she understand my reasons? Would she give me a chance to truly explain? I needed to know what Allison was up to. Her timing was too coincidental to not mean anything. 

“This is who you are leaving me for?” Allison bit back angrily as she looked Grace up and down several times.  

“I already left you several years ago.” I retorted bitterly. 

“She’s a mouse!” Allison argued. “She’s pale as a vampire, like even her hair is pale! She’s tiny. I’m losing you to that?! She’s not even pretty!”  

“ENOUGH!” I bellowed. “Stop insulting my mate, Allison. We’ve been over this already.”  

“I just don’t understand why you would pick her over me!” Allison wailed. 

A flood of emotions filled my senses, from anger to jealousy, and I knew they weren’t my emotions. I saw Grace out of the corner of my eye looking stoic, but I could feel her raging inside, and that made me nervous. She had been bound twice, but if her feelings were strong enough, I was afraid she might break the bindings, and we would be in an even bigger mess.  

“I pick her in every lifetime,” I responded, grabbing her arm and pulling her out of the meeting room toward the front door. I was done with the games she was playing, and the torment she was inflicting on my mate. “We are done here.”  

“But Rhys!”  

“It’s Alpha King to you!” I growled. “Now, I said you could stay in the pack, but we are done here.” 

Allison rolled her eyes and decided that she had lost this round and took her leave officially. I waited till she was out of my sight before turning back toward my mate and the others.  

Grace’s arms were crossed over her chest, and her face was a mask of indifference that I knew was a practiced form of protection.  

“How could you have possibly agreed to let that bitch stay?” Sawyer said as he walked over and slapped the back of my head.  

“I am you Alpha King,” I reminded him angrily.  

“And you are my brother, get over it.” Sawyer sneered back.  

I approached Grace, who turned away slightly.  

“I’m sorry for what she said to you,” I told her, pulling her into me slightly, “But I had to let her stay.”  

“Why?” Sawyer demanded. “She’s a lunatic who is only going to cause trouble.”  

“She is,” I conceded, “But she’s up to something, and I have to know what it is. I want to be able to keep an eye on things and the only real way to do that is to keep her close.”  

I rubbed Grace’s arms gently, but she didn’t relax. She just stood there stiffly, not saying anything, which scared me a little bit.  

“Aren’t you worried about whatever she has planned?” Leon asked.  

“I made it clear that she was not welcome here, and if she crossed lines, she wouldn’t like what happened.” I told them, but that didn’t help Grace’s agitation with me lessen. She just seemed to seethe silently, and I could feel her confusion and jealousy like it was my own.  

“Grace, are you okay?” I asked, turning her toward me.  

She didn’t say anything, all I got was a single nod.  

“I don’t believe you,” I whispered in her ear. She didn’t react to me at all, so I mindlinked Sawyer. I knew if I suggested she go calm down somewhere, it would not be taken well. But if Sawyer could help, I could talk to Leon about what was going on and come up with solutions.  

“Come on, Grace, let’s go finish our walk.” Sawyer suggested.  

She nodded and pulled away from me, and I reluctantly let her go. As soon as the door shut, I turned to Leon, knowing he would know what had happened since Sawyer came and got me.  

“What does she know?”  

“Sawyer told her everything he knows about Allison. She never reacted to any of it. He told her that she betrayed her family, and killed her own mate, and she said nothing. It’s quite concerning.”  

“She’s not not reacting,” I told him. “She’s just doing it internally, and I’m afraid she’ll break the binding that keep her from shifting.”  

“Isn’t that what we want?” Leon questioned.  

“Not like that.” I answered. “That would be traumatic, and an out-of-control shift. She could lose herself to the Lycan part of her.”  

Leon nodded and ran a tired hand through his hair.  “Then you should probably be with her. You’re her mate, you should be able to help her settle.”  

I hadn’t thought about that, so I immediately mindlinked Sawyer to find out where they were. He said that that she had asked for space and was in garden. He wasn’t far from her in case she needed something, but he was honoring her request. I told him he could leave, and I made my way there without another moment’s hesitation. I had no idea how to make it right to her, but I also knew I had to try.  

She was sitting on the ground with her eyes closed as I approached.  

“Go away, Sawyer.” She said, when she heard my footsteps.  

“It’s me, my love.” I said gently, sitting down next to her.  

She looked at me, but she didn’t smile the way she usually dd.  

“Do you want to talk about it?” I asked her, after a few moments of silence.  

“There’s nothing to say.” She whispered.  

“I beg to differ, my love,” I responded. “Your emotions tell a different story.”  

“She’s beautiful.” Grace finally confessed. “Absolutely stunning. I think you made a mistake in choosing me. I can’t even compare to her.”  

“Gracie, I didn’t marry and mark her because I didn’t want her. She’s the one who doesn’t compare to you. No one has ever compared to you. And no one can ever replace you. You are the only one I want.”  

Grace’s feelings didn’t change though, it was like she didn’t believe me.  

“You killed your other fiancés who had interior motives.” She said after a long moment.  

“I did, yes.” I answered uneasily, my heart beginning to race a bit.  

“But you didn’t kill her.” She paused for a moment before saying one more word. “Why?”
###Chapter 55: Grace
I looked at Rhys expectantly. He looked drained from the day, but I still felt I deserved an explanation. I was feeling a lot of things, some of which I wasn’t sure were warranted, but I needed to know for myself.  

“It’s kind of complicated and long.” He said after a moment. 

“I have time.” I answered dryly.  

“You do.” He replied with a hint of a smirk. “Okay. So, I killed my other fiancés because they had ulterior motives, and when I discovered them, a lot of times it was safer to just it like that. Some tried to poison me and take over my throne, several slept with my twin, Caleb as a back-up plan, some were just trying to gain power and weren’t good at it, and a couple of them actually had plans to overthrow the whole kingdom. But Allison, she’s not a good person, but she also didn’t do any of those things. Her family arranged our meeting. They were seeking power, and her pack wasn’t under my protection, nor was it an ally of any kind. She told me of her families plans, ultimately betraying them, and helping me reclaim their pack as a part of mine. That’s why I let her live because she was honest with me.” 

“Okay...” I said slowly, not satisfied with the information given to me.  

“I know that might seem like a mistake,” Rhys added quickly. “And maybe it was, but at the time, I couldn’t justify killing her. She has become more and more obsessive with time, but back then she stood by my side through everything, and I felt like it was a felt like it was a fair exchange.”  

That made some sense, kind of, but it didn’t make me feel any better.  

“Did you ever love her?” I asked hesitantly, not sure I wanted to know the answer.  

The Alpha King surprised me by smiling at the question, and I felt confused till I heard the hint of laughter in his voice. “No, Gracie. No, I never loved her. She might love me, though I think her illusion of love is a bit twisted, but I have never had any feelings toward her romantically. And I will never reciprocate those feelings she has. She isn’t the one I want.”  

“Then why is she here?” I asked, but the question was barely above a whisper.  

“That is something that I should have warned you about, and I’m really sorry. Everything has just happened so fast, and I just didn’t think about it.” He paused, pulling me in closer to him. “Every time I have brought someone home after her, she has shown up. Usually, she tries to intimidate them and let me know that she’s still around. And if her head, she’s the better option, no matter who they are. I have warned her that she is not to come near you, Grace, and that if she tries anything again, I will not be so lenient. You are the most important thing in the world to me, Grace. If she tries anything, there will be hell to pay for her.”  

“Do you think that will actually keep her at bay?” I asked. She seemed like she really loved him, and if it was me on the outside, I don’t know what I wouldn’t do to prove my love. I was already struggling with that aspect, and I wasn’t even on the outside.  

“Honestly?”  

I nodded. Yes. I needed him to be honest with me. Not just now though, but always.  

“No.” He answered, lifting me so that I was sitting on his lap facing him. “I don’t think it will keep her at bay. I think she will disregard everything I have told her and probably make a mess of things. But then we will at least know what’s going on instead of being blind to whatever she ends up planning.”  

I shrugged.  I didn’t think his plan was going to go the way he was thinking it would, but I wasn’t going to be the one to tell him that. 

“Until we know what’s going on with her, Grace, just promise me you’ll be careful, and let me know if you have any problems, okay?”  

I nodded, but doubt had sort of settled in soul. Would he believe my word against hers if anything did happen? Or would I be in trouble and accused of lying? I felt overwhelmed by everything that was happening. A new mate who had an ex-fiancé, who may or may not be planning to kill me.  

“You still feel like you're in turmoil.” The Alpha King said with a frown.  

“I don’t know what to say.” I told him honestly.  

“What are you afraid of?” He asked, his hand cupping my face, his thumb tracing my jaw line.  

“That you’ll realize how pathetic I am and chose her.” I answered honestly.  

He froze for a moment before saying, “Gracie, you are not pathetic. You are literally one of the strongest people I have ever met. I have chosen you. We have always been destined for each other. That’s why none of my other relationships have ever worked out. I wasn’t meant for them. I was meant for you. And only you.”  

The words sounded nice, but I wasn’t sure I believed them, even though I wanted to. I gave him a small smile as a ‘I’m trying to believe in us’ offering, even though I wasn’t exactly sure where I stood with everything.  

“It’s going to be okay, Gracie.” He said softly as he rested his forehead on mine. “I promise.”  

And in that moment, I chose to believe in his promise as we sat there on the ground in the garden, just breathing each other in.  

After a few minutes of silence, Rhys phone buzzed, and he pulled it out of his pocket, and read whatever it said.  

“Perfect.” He said aloud, but I don’t think he was talking to me as he texted whoever it was back.   

He then slid his phone back into his pocket and smiled at me.  

“Come on,” He said, nudging me with his knee to get up.  

“Where are we going?” I asked as I brushed the dirt off me, then took the hand he was offering me.  

“I found you a mentor, and we’re going to meet him.”
###Chapter 56: Grace
We walked in silence down a pathway I had never seen before. I mean that wasn’t saying much because I had rarely left the packhouse other than to go to the clinic, but it made me a little uneasy, especially because I kept thinking that Allison was going to just jump out from behind a tree and try to kill me. Rhys didn’t seem to be worried though. He seemed quite the opposite in fact. I knew he seemed to consider the conversation we had been having to be over, but I still had so many questions and thoughts. I was just processing it all. But to him it seemed that we had reached an understanding, but I wasn’t so sure we had.  

A little cottage came into view as followed the path around a curve. There were actually several houses I realized after a moment. Each seemed to have a large amount of space for themselves, and they were all fairly hidden by trees except for the first one that stuck out like a sore thumb, and it looked like it was starting to fall apart.  

Rhys knocked on the door, and I just looked around. I didn’t love that we were so deep in the woods at a stranger’s house, especially because it was relatively shabby. I mean, I was sure Rhys knew whoever this was, but I didn’t and that made me super anxious.  

The door opened and a man who looked to be about middle age, appeared.  

“Alpha King Rhys!” The man exclaimed joyfully. “It’s good to see you, son. And this must be Grace. It’s a pleasure to meet you dear. I’m Arlo. Please come in.”  

I let Rhys enter first, and he tugged me through the door with him. There was something about this place that I didn’t like very much, but I couldn’t put my finger on it. The house was just as chaotic inside as it was outside. Everywhere I turned all I saw was clutter and disorganization, but Arlo was giving me no reason to really think anything was wrong, so I pushed it away. I knew it was probably just because of the day I was having, making my anxiety skyrocket. 

“Grace,” Rhys called out, bringing my attention back to him and Arlo. “Arlo is one of the best tutors we have in the kingdom. He is knowledgeable on all fronts, and I trust him to keep you safe and teach you everything you want.”  

I nodded not knowing what to say. Arlo seemed nice enough, but I didn’t love that I was just being passed off like I was a child.  

“I will help you to become the best Luna you can be,” Arlo smiled at me, and gestured for me to sit at the table.  

It was then that I realized he had it all set up, just for me, so I took a sit, hesitantly.  

“Let’s start with this,” Arlo said as he handed me a book before taking a seat across from me. “I want to get a baseline of where you’re at, so that we don’t move too quickly or put you too in over your head. Does that make sense?”  

I nodded, but the book was already over my head, I knew I couldn’t read it if he asked.  

“First, I want you to just tell me what words you know off of any page you chose.” He told me. “Then we will pick some new practice words for you to focus on.”  

I nodded and began the process. Arlo wrote down everything I said. And then we picked several sight words that maybe second graders would have practiced themselves. I practiced writing them, spelling them and saying them aloud. My pronunciations weren’t always correct apparently because I didn’t talk much before, so I needed to relearn some things I had once known.  

My writing was clumsy, my reading was terrible, and my math was non-existent. We sat in long stretches of silence as I worked. Every now and again he made corrections, and Rhys sat in the corner on his phone, not saying anything. 

“Okay, I have to take care of something,” Rhys said as he stood abruptly, startling both me and Arlo. “I’ll be back.” 

I nodded, but I felt myself begin to panic a bit. It wasn’t that Rhys was being helpful, but I liked knowing he was close. I didn’t want to be alone with anyone really on a normal basis, let alone with someone I had just met.  

“It’s okay,” Arlo smiled at me as he got up and went into the kitchen. “I don’t bite.”  

I smiled nervously, but I found it hard to focus now that Rhys wasn’t here. I was slowing down tremendously in my work. I knew that probably wouldn’t fly around here, and I didn’t want to get in trouble.  

“Here, Grace,” Arlo smiled as he sat a mug down next to me. “I made tea to help you relax. Tea always makes me feel better when I’m nervous.”  

I nodded, and muttered a thank you, but didn’t touch it. I tried to focus on what I was supposed to be doing. I was practicing writing my sight words now. My handwriting was shaky at best, but I figured it didn’t really matter. I knew I needed to do better if I was Rhys’ mate. He would want a Luna who could work alongside him, not someone who relied on him for literally everything, which was how I felt right now.  

“Okay, let me see.” Arlo said, and I jumped at the sound of his voice.  

He was standing behind me and I hadn’t even realized he had gotten up from his chair and moved. I felt my anxiety spike as I realized how close he was to me. He leaned over my shoulder to see my work, and I froze.
 
He is just trying to see my work I told myself, but I hated how close he was to me. I hated that I was alone with him. And I was pretty certain that I might hate Rhys for leaving me alone with this random stranger who was convinced he could teach me.
###Chapter 57: Grace
I took a deep breath and leaned out of my chair as far as I could before eventually just getting up and putting a little space between us.  

“Oh,” Arlo said in surprise when he looked up and realized I had moved. “I’m sorry, Grace. I wasn’t thinking about how close I was to you.”  

He then took several steps back, which allowed me to retake my seat, even though I didn’t really want to. “That’s okay.” I mumbled.  

He gave me a smile and gestured to my untouched tea. “I promise the tea’s not poisoned,” He laughed a little.

I tried to smile back, but my heart was racing. Kinsley had claimed the tea wasn’t poisoned too, but it most definitely was. I had no way of knowing it was poisoned then, and no way of knowing it now. I’m sure it wasn’t, but I wouldn’t be drinking anything till Rhys came back, and even that was questionable. 

Arlo moved to the other side of the table and retook his seat. He then reached across the table for my papers which I handed to him, careful not to touch him.  

“Very good, Grace,” He beamed after looking over my work. “These are nearly perfect. You must be very bright.”  

He handed my back my papers, and we moved on to the next subject which was math. Arlo said that we were only going to learn the basics for math, and I found it to be my hardest subject so far, but Arlo worked with me patiently till I understood the very basics.  

“Let’s practice some conversation, okay? Give your mind and hand a little break.” He said after a while. 

“Okay...” I said slowly, wondering what he really meant by that.  

“So, Rhys was telling me that your wolf is bound, do you have any idea why?” He asked, looking at me curiously.  

I really wished that Rhys hadn’t left as I whispered, “No.” I really didn’t want to talk about my bound wolf.
 
“Do you know how long you’ve been bound?” He asked, and I frowned wondering why I was getting the 3rd degree over my wolf that wasn’t really a wolf.  

“No.” I responded uneasily. I didn’t know how he knew about my wolf or Lycan, but I didn’t like it. I couldn’t figure out why he would be asking about it. It’s not like that was a normal conversation starter with others...  

 “It must be hard to be disconnected from yourself like that,” He sighed.  

“I’m not sure,” I answered hesitantly, not sure I really wanted to get into the details with him about this. “I’ve never known anything else.”  

“I’m sorry,” Arlo chuckled slightly at himself. “It’s just that I really empathize with you, Grace. I remember what it was like when my wolf was bound, and it was terrible. I wouldn’t wish that on my worst enemy.”  

“Your wolf was bound?” I asked in surprise.  

“Oh yea,” Arlo sighed at the memory. “I used to have a bit of a drinking and gambling problem when I was younger, and I, in a moment of stupidity, bet my wolf. I didn’t even know you could bound someone’s wolf like that, I thought it was an empty threat. But to my surprise, that was my punishment, and you could in fact ‘lose’ your wolf. For 3 years, my wolf and I were disconnected. I tried to get my life together during that time, which was not easy. However, that’s when I met Alpha King Rhys and Beta Leon. They saved me during a rogue attack and brought me back here. They were able to get my wolf unbound eventually, and I owe them everything. They saved my life in more ways than one.”  

I nodded, feeling frozen. Rhys had unbound another wolf before me, and now he was my tutor. There had to be a point to this... But I felt tricked or used or something. I didn’t know what I felt exactly, but I didn’t like it.    

The front door swung open, and Rhys strolled through it as if he owned the place, and that made me feel worse.  

“How’s it going, love?” He asked, but I just stared at him, not answering.  

He frowned and turned to Arlo. “How’d she do, Arlo?”  

“She did really well,” Arlo smiled broadly. “We accomplished a lot today. She should practice every day, but she’s further along than I expected and a very quick learner. Her pronunciations will come the more she talks, and everything else will come with time.”  

“That’s great!” Rhys said happily, turning back to me to gage my reaction. 

“Can we go now?” I asked quietly fuming at the deceit I was feeling the more I thought about everything.  

“Sure,” Rhys seemed confused by my demeanor, but didn’t comment. “Thanks, Arlo, for everything. We’ll see you soon.”  

Arlo waved his goodbye as he walked us out, assuring us it was nothing, and only closing the door once was we were back on the path to the packhouse.  

“Did you take me to Arlo because he has been bound before too?” I asked when we were far enough away.  

“Yea,” Rhys admitted easily. “His story is obviously different than yours, but I thought it would be good for you to meet someone who has experienced something that you’re going through, He’s a good guy, and I thought it might help you feel less alone. Did it help to talk to him?”  

“I didn’t really appreciate you leaving me alone with him.” I told him honestly, still feeling uneasy over the whole thing. 

“I was outside the whole time, love,” He answered, lowkey dismissing my concern. “He’s a good guy. Plus, I would know if anything inappropriate happened.”  

I felt my anger intensify. He was testing me? How fucking dare he... First the stupid girl shows up, and now he tried to set me up to see where my loyalties lied? It wasn’t fair. None of this was actually for me. It didn’t matter what he said, he clearly didn’t trust me. ‘He would know if anything inappropriate happened.’ Was he waiting for something inappropriate to happen? The thought made me feel icky inside. I might have passed his stupid test, but I was livid I was being tested in the first place.
###Chapter 58: Rhys
“Why are you upset?” I asked Grace when I felt her emotions shift from nervous and scared to angry.  

I had known Arlo for a long time. He was a good guy, and I had known she would be safe with him. But somehow, she seemed to be twisting my good intentions into something more. 

“You were testing me,” She seethed, and I was taken aback by her angry tone.  

“What?”  

“You were freaking testing me.” She said again, shooting a glare my way. “You would know if anything inappropriate happened, blah blah blah. It didn’t matter that you knew I was uncomfortable and didn’t want to be there in the first place and then you freaking left me. I thought you weren’t supposed to do that crap to your mate.”  

“Whoa, whoa, whoa,” I grabbed her arm gently, stopping her from walking any farther. “There was no test. I was not testing you. I just wanted you to meet someone who could understand what you’re going through but also teach you what you need. I would love to personally teach you everything. I would love to be the one to experience your every new experience, but Grace, I’m the Alpha King. You know this. I have a lot of responsibilities. People who are relying on me. And I’m also trying to search for your old pack. So, I can’t be the one who teaches you. I just don’t have the time, and when we have time together, I’d rather us be able to enjoy it instead of trying to cram lessons into it.”  

She looked unconvinced, so I repeated myself. “There was no test. I knew you were safe.”  

She rolled her eyes, and pulled away from me, and once again I worried that her agitation would cause an uncontrolled shift, breaking the binds holding her.  

“Gracie,” I said gently, pulling her back to me. “I know you don’t believe me, but I have no reason to test you. I know today has been a lot. And you don’t really have any good reason to believe me, but I’m begging you to please understand that I just want what’s best for you.”  

She softened a little with that, but she was clearly still on edge, so I ran my hands soothingly along her back.  

“Why are you worried then?” She asked hesitantly.  

“Well,” I thought about lying, but then decided that could only end badly for me. “Your powers might be quite strong, and I know you have a lot of heightened emotions right now, and I’m worried that you might lose control of them and have an uncontrolled shift that breaks through the binds holding you. I know we want to break the binds, but an uncontrolled shift could be really dangerous for both you and anyone around you.”  

Her face fell, and I knew I had scared her a little. “Oh.” was all she said.    

“I’m not saying it will happen, love. I just think it’s something we need to be aware of as a possibility.” I rubbed small circles into her back, and she seemed to deflate, all the fight she was feeling leaving her, but I wasn’t sure it was any better. I didn’t like the feeling of defeat that was coming from her now or the pure anxiety. 

“It’s going to be okay, Gracie,” I said gently. She blinked quickly, and I realized she was trying not to cry. “We are going to get through this, together.”  

She didn’t say anything, but I knew she was trying her best.  

“Come on,” I told her gently, pulling her slightly up the path again. “It’s getting late. How about I have dinner brought up to our room, and you then you take a nice long bath to help calm your nerves?”  

She nodded, and I wrapped my arm around her as tightly as I could. She was mine. And these feelings of inner turmoil she was feeling were my fault in every way.  I just hoped I would be able to fix it.  

Dinner was in full swing when we entered the pack house. I always loved the chaos of this time a day. It was always nice to see families and friends eating a meal together at the end of a long day. However, Gracie just tucked herself further into me as I walked to the line to grab us two plates. I knew she felt like she was an intruder or imposter in this pack, but I would work every day to change her perception of herself. She was their Luna, and they would love her.  

“Hi Grace!” Alana exclaimed happily when she saw us.  

Grace smiled at her and actually moved slightly from my side to my surprise.   

“Do you guys want to have dinner with me and my friends?” Alana asked a little uncertainly.  

I could feel Grace’s desire for it, but also her hesitation because we had made ‘plans’. “I actually have some work to do, but Grace, I think wants to?”  

Grace nodded and tried to pull away from me, but I squeezed her back, and kissed her cheek before letting her go, her face heating as she walked away with her friend.    

I watched her go before grabbing a plate and heading up to my office. It wasn’t a lie; I really did have work to be doing.  

I opened my office door and to my surprise, Allison was sitting in my chair, clearly waiting for me.  

“How did you get in here?” I demanded angrily.  

“Tsk, tsk, Rhys, that is not how to great an old friend.” She smiled snidely. She once again was wearing the most revealing clothes as if I would be so easily enticed. “I just came to ask you to join me for dinner tonight?”  

“No. I have more important things to be doing right now, Allison.”  

“Your new girl seems too busy for you,” She gestured to the dinner plate I was carrying. “She can’t even eat with her Alpha.”  

“Get out, Allison.” I growled slightly. “You are not supposed to be in here, nor are you supposed to be talking about my mate like you have any idea what’s going on between us. So get lost.” 

“Oh come on, Rhys, I would be a far better partner than that thing,” She tried, and I decided I didn’t have to deal with this.  

“Leon, come get Allison out of my office and make sure she doesn’t take anything with her.” I mindlinked my beta.  

“Copy that.” He answered.  

“Wait!” Allison called out as I turned away from her. "Don't go! Let me remind you of how good we are together!”  

“No.” I answered, but I didn’t stop. We weren’t good together. We were nothing at all, and the sooner or later she would need to get that through her head.  

I made my way all the way up to my floor and ate in my small office as I did some work. But my mind couldn’t focus very well, and I had the strongest desire to go find Grace. So, after about a half an hour of wasted time, I was on a hunt to find my mate.  

I scanned the dining room, but there was no sign of Alana or the usual crew she sat with. However, my wolf told me he could sense her near and led me outside to the gardens and then I saw her.  

She was laying on her back next to Sawyer watching the stars as they chatted, and my heart fluttered as I watched her without her knowing in the simplicity of this moment. This is what I wanted our forever to look like.
###Chapter 59: Rhys
“Hi,” I said as I sat on the ground next to them. 
 
“Rhys,” Grace smiled when she saw me.  

“What are you guys doing?” I asked, not sure I understood exactly what they were doing. 

“Just watching the stars,” Grace answered with a bit of awe in her voice. “They’re so beautiful tonight.”  

I smiled at her, pulling her into me so she was laying on my arm.  

“Did you have fun at dinner?” I asked.  

“I did.” She answered with a smile. “I met some new people, and I was glad that both Alana and Sawyer were there because that made it less scary.”  

“I’m glad, my love.” I told her, running my hand through her hair. I loved how long it was and how she never stopped me from touching it.  

“Rhys?” Sawyer seemed hesitant as he spoke.  

“Yes?”  

“I got a call from Caleb today.” Sawyer said, and I could tell he was nervous to tell me. “He just wanted to let us know he was safe.”  

I sighed. I didn’t want to think about my other brother. A part of me felt bad for the way everything had gone down, but the other part of me just wished he would have heeded my warnings.  

“I’m glad to hear it.” I said carefully. “You know I didn’t want to do it, Sawyer, but I have my reasons for it...”  

“I know.” Sawyer answered, but there was a sadness in his voice that made me feel for him. “I just miss him”  
“Me too.” I responded honestly.  

We laid there in silence for a while. I knew that Grace was still upset over some of the things that had happened today, but we didn’t talk about it. There was no need to ruin such a good moment.  

As we laid there, a sweet aroma began fill my senses, making my wolf crazy. Grace moved closer, curling her body up into me completely. I looked down at her and noticed her cheeks were flushed, and then I made eye contact with Sawyer whose pupils were slightly dilated as he looked at me with wild eyes.  

“She’s in the heat,” Sawyer mindlinked me, standing up and bolting into the kitchen. 

“What’s wrong? Where is he going?” Grace looked up in confusion.  

“How are you feeling?” I asked ignoring her question as she squirmed against me slightly.  

“I don’t know.” She answered hesitantly. “I feel kinda like hot and uncomfy.” 

“Come on,” I got up and lifted her into my arms. “Let’s go to our room. I think your starting your heat.”  

She whimpered in my arms, and I could feel both her nerves and her desire rolling off of her in waves. I prayed to the Moon Goddess that nobody would be in our path as I all but ran to our room. I didn’t need unmated males swarming my girl.  

“It’s okay.” I soothed as I threw open the door to her room. “I’m going to take care of you.” 

“But-“ She started but was cut off by the cramps that were starting.  

“Shhh let me help you,” I laid her on the bed and pulled her hair out of her face. “I’m your mate. 

“Please, Rhys,” She pleaded.  

I stripped my shirt off as she impatiently ripped at her own, yanking it over her head and then she kicked off her shoes. I then helped her with her pants, pulling them down. I admired her beautiful body that laid naked in front of me.  

“You are gorgeous,” I muttered as I leaned in to kiss her lips.  

She met my kiss with a hunger I wasn’t quite prepared for. She was being bold, and I couldn’t say that I didn’t like it. I pulled away, capturing her neck with my mouth, right where my mark was.  

“Ohhh,” she moaned, arching her body up to meet mine. I then slipped one of my hands lower and slipped two fingers into her with ease and began thrusting them. She was already so wet, so ready for me. She was mine, and that would never change. Fate made her for me.  

She was already on the edge of her first orgasm as I moved to show her breasts some attention. I captured her nipples in my mouth, and her hands raked through my hair as her body shuttered with her first orgasm. But we were just getting started.  

I gave her only a moment to relax and rest before starting up again. My tongue circled her clit. Her body was so sensitive as I pulled my hand out, pushed her thighs apart and lined my dick up at her entrance. She cried out in wanting when I took too long, again, arching her body to give me better access and in a way to touch more. Her hands then ran up my side, sending shivers through my soul and I began to rock my hips into her, and she started to match my rhythm. 

“Oh Rhys,” She cried out, her eyes closed as I captured her tits with my mouth again.  

“Grace,” I groaned as I felt myself growing close to an orgasm. “Cum for me my Grace.” 

She moaned telling me she was also close.  

“Who do you belong to?” I asked her,  

“You.” She panted, trying to pull her body away, but I held her firmly in place.  

“Who is your mate?” I taunted again, slowing my pace a bit causing her to cry out again. 

“It’s you, Rhys!” She cried, rocking her hips, trying to get me to speed up again.  

I smirked and picked up my pace again causing her to squirm again.  

“And who’s name are you going to scream as you cum?” I asked because last time she hadn’t.  

“YOU!”  

I engulfed her boob again, as her thighs tightened against mine. “Oh goddess!” She whined, and I knew I was making her feel good.  

I could feel her walls start to clench around me, and all it took was two more thrusts and we were both over the edge, and she was screaming my name.
###Chapter 60: Rhys
I had never been with a female during the heat before, so I hadn’t really known what exactly to expect. But for 3 days, Grace’s body craved all things sexual. She had been ravenous and bold, taking what she wanted at times.

For three days, we didn’t leave our room. Leon brought all our meals to the door, and sat them out there for whenever, we needed to refuel. Sawyer stayed on another level of the house, so he wouldn’t be tempted by the scent of her heat. And we had only had brief moments of peace.

Grace’s temperature was starting to go down as she tiredly kissed up and down my body, making me feel blissful. Her lips met mine for only a couple of moments, and it lacked the hunger she had had before. She then laid her head back on her pillow, and it didn’t take long for her to fall asleep.  

It had been three days of heaven. Grace had started being bolder by day two, taking lead sometimes, something I had not been expecting. I could still taste her lips on mine. But I was exhausted. I had asked Leon over the mindlink if he was always this exhausted when his wife’s heat finishes, and he just laughed at me, and said ‘congrats on becoming a real man’.

Even though he teased me, Leon and Sawyer were both able to help manage pack things while I was incapacitated. I also made sure they let Arlo know that we would have to pause Grace’s tutoring sessions. When I wasn’t engaged in sexual activity, I was sleeping or eating, and I usually had to make a choice between the two, there was never quite enough time for both.  

Sensing Grace would be asleep for quite a while due to her own exhaustion, I made my way downstairs to my office. I was always grateful for Leon and Sawyer for being able to pick up the slack, I hated being away from my duties. It always felt like I was letting down my people, even if that wasn’t true.  

I started with my emails and then made my way to the stacks of paperwork on my desk. Even with Leon and Sawyer helping, there was so much that hadn’t gotten done. Mostly things about pack alliances that they would need my decisions on.  

“Hey,” Leon popped his head into my office, a look of surprise on his face. “I didn’t know you were back.”  

“Grace is sleeping,” I told him. “It seems like she’s back to normal. I mean this is the longest she’s slept.”
 
“Good, good,” Leon said absently, and I noticed the worry on his face. “So, we have a little bit of a situation going on.”  

“What’s wrong?” I asked. My mind immediately jumped to the Red Blood pack, maybe something had happened on that front. Or what if something happened to our prisoner, Ethan? My mind raced through every possibility.  

“We have a visitor.” He said allusively.   

I frowned. “A visitor that’s more of a problem than Allison?” I asked.  

“Do you remember when we went to meet with the Witch, Sandra, at that diner?” He asked.  

“I do...” I answered slowly, not liking where this was going. “Why?”  

“She has returned. She’s in my office right now.” Leon said nervously.  

“When did she get here?” I asked through gritted teeth.  

“About an hour ago,” He said, and I knew he was nervous to tell me. “I thought you were still with Grace, and I didn’t want to bother you, but she told me you were done, which is why I came to find you.”  

“She told you it was over?”  

“Yes “  

“God damn,” I muttered under my breath before saying, “Well okay, lead the way.”  

I followed Leon to his office, just a couple doors down, and I saw the witch sitting in a chair that was far too big for her. She still looked young, but not quite as young as she had the last time, but definitely still looked like a child.   

“Sandra,” I greeted her cooly. “What brings you here?”  

She ran her hand through her hair, but she looked far less confident than she had the last time we met.  

“I have important information for you.” She said simply, but she was lacking the confidence from before. She almost seemed afraid. 

“What kind of important information?” I asked, narrowing my eyes at her as I took Leon’s usual chair.  

“I can unbind the girl you asked me about before. I have a way to break the restraints.” She said, but her voice shook as she said those words, and I felt like I was being played for a fool.  

I growled angrily. “Last time I saw you, you told me you couldn’t help me, and then you left abruptly, disappearing without a trace.” I snapped at her.
 
Sandra flinch at my words and looked frantic and serious all at once, her eyes darting around the room.  

“You have no idea, Alpha King Rhys, the gravity of this situation.” She pleaded with a little bit of bite in her voice now. “Things are so much more complicated than they seem.”  

“Are you in trouble?” Leon asked her. Neither of us seemed to be able to get a good read on what was going on which made me a little anxious. The little witch seemed really on edge and we both were wondering if we should be too.  

“I will be when I tell you what I need to.” She answered, her eyes flickering back and forth between Leon and I now. 

“Well then let’s hear it.” I snapped at her, ready to get this over with. I didn’t know what she was going to say, but I knew I would have to try and keep my wolf in check.  

“I can help unbind her...” The witch said before taking a deep breath and adding, “Because I’m the one who did it in the first place.”
###Chapter 61: Rhys
“What do you mean you’re the one who did this?” I roared. How dare she come into my home and just drop such a bombshell?! 

The girl flinched and took a step back. She was clearly frightened as she raised her chin in defiance of my aura. She may be a witch, but my aura most definitely still affected her as she tried not to cower. 

“Please,” She asked, her voice shaking. “You don’t understand...”  

“You could have given us answers at the diner,” Leon interrupted, his own voice steady, even though I knew he could feel my anger. “What changed? Why now?”  

“Because everything has changed.” The witch answered in exasperation. “I do not know the full story, but I know enough to change how you are looking at it. The information I share now is imperative for the future.”  
“How do I know you are not lying?” I seethed.  

“I cannot prove it. The only thing I can do is tell you what I know. What you chose to believe or not to believe is not up to me, but I beg you to hear me now.”   

“I’m listening.” I said through gritted teeth, leaning against Leon’s desk. If I wanted any truth, I had to be careful, and that was infuriating when it came to Grace.  

“The girl... I didn’t know she was who you were talking about when I heard the rumors of what you were looking for. Grace has been an unusual case since her birth. I was told that she shifted on the day of her birth-”  

“But that’s impossible.” I interrupted, sneaking a look at Leon who was nodding his head in agreement with me. “Shifting that early, that young, it’s not possible. A baby can’t consciously choose that-”  

“Nobody said she ‘chose’ to shift, Alpha King Rhys,” The witch stated coldly. “I probably wouldn’t have believed it either, but I was called upon shortly after her birth to bind her for the first time.”  

“First time?” Leon interrupted again. “Also, aren’t you too young to have been there when Grace was a child?”  
“Will you let me tell my story?!” The witch snapped in irritation. “And I am much older than I appear. I can change my appearance at will, and this is my will.”  

“To look like a 13-year-old girl?” Leon frowned.  

“That’s it! If you don’t want to hear what I have to say or have my help, then I will just simply see myself out!”  
“No.” I grabbed the small witch’s arm as she tried to scurry from the room. “You will tell your story, and we will ask questions as needed. Now, continue.”  

The small witch had courage... I had to give her that as she glared angrily at me before finally continuing, “As I was saying, I wouldn’t have believed it either, but shortly after her birth, Louanne, the Alpha’s mistress found me and asked for her to bound. At first, I refused. I am not in the habit of binding young children. I tried to argue that whatever they thought they saw, it was not worth changing the course of the baby’s life. But then she shifted for me, the small baby that couldn’t even hold her head up yet, shifted right before my eyes. I wouldn’t have believed it if I didn’t see it for myself.” Sandra paused, taking a deep breath. “then Louanne made a very convincing argument that the girl was a danger to herself and everyone around her if she was going to shift uncontrollably, and I agreed.”

“But Grace would never hurt anyone.” I argued.  

“Not purposefully, but she couldn’t control her shifts. There was no way. I thought it would be safer for everyone for her to be bound. If I knew what I know now, I’m not sure I would have done it, but if I hadn’t done it, then someone else would have. I mean, someone else did eventually.” She muttered the last part more to herself than to Leon and I, but she forgot that she was in a room of werewolves. 

“What do you mean by that?” I demanded, hating how allusive she was being while also being blunt.  

“I mean, the girl has been bound a total of 3 times, at least that’s how many I am aware of. I am responsible for 2 of the bindings. The girl held immense power, and one binding was not enough to hold her. She almost immediately started to break out of her first one, and I had to work quickly to contain her with a second one. Then when she was older, I got a call again, asking to redo my bindings. Louanne had long been dead, and I never did find out who was asking, but the too young excuse wasn’t a factor anymore, and I saw no reason to bind her. That was when I realized they were not trying to help this young lady but instead there was something much more sinister going on. I am not that kind of witch who purposefully does things to harm others, but I know some who are, and once I refused, I’m sure they found someone who would do it and not ask questions.” 

“Three times?” I whispered in shock.  

“At least.” Sandra answered with a nod.  

“Why?” I asked.  

“Don’t you feel it, Alpha Rhys? That girl has immense power. Even with her wolf bound, I can sense her power from here. And you can too, she’s clearly affecting you, my king. Now, I am going to prepare what I need to, so we can complete this as soon as possible.”  

“I don’t feel anything affecting me,” I frowned, wondering if I had misread everything. I didn’t think Grace was tricking me with her power...
 
“That girl you have is special,” Sandra said with confidence now that my aura wasn’t so suffocating to her as she stood in the doorway ready to disappear again.  “She was not made for you, Alpha King Rhys. You were destined for her, drawn to her by only her faint aura that is seeping through the binds. Do not mistake who was made for who.”  

And then just as suddenly as she arrived, she was gone.
###Chapter 62: Grace
I woke up feeling exhausted. A glance at my window and I realized that I had slept much longer than I usually did. The sun was completely up, it had to be close to noon. I stretched my body, but to my surprise, the spot next to me was empty. I didn’t know if I was relieved or disappointed that he wasn’t there this time when I woke up. He had been there every time during the last few days, but they had been wild and freeing. Now, I felt myself again, and I couldn’t help but feel slightly embarrassed for what had happened over the last few days. I had never done anything like that before, and my body was feeling it.  
Everything hurt. I laid in bed for a while before deciding a shower might make me feel better. I got out of bed slowly as my muscles screamed in protest. Muscles I didn’t even know I had hurt. I couldn’t help but wonder if Rhys was here would he kiss the pain away or if I was supposed to be grateful that I felt like this.  
I turned the water on, and let it warm up as I undressed myself bit by bit, my limbs weighing me down heavily. I stepped under the water and let it hit me for a few minutes. I felt my body relax with every minute that passed.  
“Grace?” I looked around as I tried to figure out if I was imagining Rhys’ voice or if he was actually calling me.
“Grace?” He called out again a little more frantically and louder as he opened the bathroom door.  
“Here.” I responded, realizing he was in fact real.  
He sighed in relief and immediately began undressing before opening the glass and sliding in behind me.  
“Was that necessary?” I asked but couldn’t help but lean into his touch.  
“Absolutely,” He answered, his voice husky. “Have you washed up yet?”  
“No.” I breathed as his fingers traced my sides.  
“Then it would be my honor,” He whispered in my ear, grabbing the shampoo from the shelf.  
“You don’t have to.” I told him.  
“Shut up and let me take care of you.” He growled softly.  
I leaned into his touch, letting his fingers work their magic as he massaged my scalp, and my face flushed at the memories from the last couple days.  
“What’s wrong?” Rhys asked, stopping his massage.  
“Nothing.” I squeaked out.  
“You have nothing to be embarrassed about, Gracie,” He breathed in my ear. “You are beautiful, and I had a great time.”  
I smiled as I leaned my head back under the water to rinse the shampoo, and he began to soap up my body. I couldn’t ignore the tingles his gentle touch sent through my body. There was nothing super sexual about it, but I found it heavenly just the same.  
When he finally finished helping me, he turned the water off and grabbed my towel, wrapping me up in it before wrapping one around his waist and picking me up and placing me on the counter.  
“How are you feeling, Gracie?” He asked gently as he stared at me intensely.  
“I’m okay.” I told him. “I feel better now, but still a little sore.”  
He nodded and caressed my face for a moment before pecking my lips and disappearing to the other room, I assumed for clothes.  
I wasn’t sure if I was supposed to follow him or not, but before I could even make a decision, he was back, clothes for both of us in hand. I hopped down off the counter, and we dressed silently.  
“Do you remember your childhood, Grace?” He asked after a while.  
I frowned. That was random...  
“No, not really.” I told him honestly. “I remember bits and pieces, but most of it feels like a blur. Even my clearest memories aren’t that clear. I just really didn’t have a memorable childhood, I guess.”  
“Hmm. I have to go see Ethan, would you like to join me?” Rhys asked as he took the brush from my hand and began to gently comb through my hair.  
I froze. Did I want to see Ethan? Not really. I didn’t have a strong desire to see him. I didn’t know what to think when it came to him. All I felt was confused. But the way Rhys was looking at me in the mirror told me he wanted my answer to be yes, so yes it would have to be. I mean, after all he had catered to my needs for the last few days, I could do this for him.  
I nodded, and Rhys reached out his hand and I took it graciously as we began our journey to the dungeons. The dungeons here, at least the ones I had seen were much nicer than the ones in Blood Moon pack. Each cell tended to have the necessities and were clean. They also weren’t quite as cold as the ones I was used to, but I still didn’t want to spend any more time than I had to down there.  
Ethan was asleep when we got there. For a moment I just stared at him. He did look vaguely familiar, but what were the odds we were really twins? What were the odds that both Rhys and I were both had a twin and yet we were made for each other? They couldn’t possibly be very high... 
“Rise and shine,” Rhys sneered as he rattled the cell bars as he entered, pulling me in behind him as a guard rushed to bring us each a chair.  
I did have to admit, Ethan looked healthier now. I was glad Rhys was keeping his promise to me that he wasn’t hurting him.  
“To what do I owe this pleasure?” Ethan asked sleepily, but as soon as his eyes met mine, he sat up, immediately more alert.  
“I have more questions.” Rhys grumbled as we sat.  
“Okay.”  
“What do you know about witches?” Rhys questioned; his voice carefully controlled.  
“Witches?” Ethan frowned.  
“Yes, witches.”  
“I know they exist, but not much more than that. I’ve never really interacted with witches. In fact, I’m not sure I’ve ever met one.”  
I also frowned. Witches? What did they have to do with anything?  
“Do you know if any ever interacted with Grace?” Rhys pressed.  
Interacted with me? I didn’t know any witches... What was Rhys getting on about and what did it have to do with me???!
###Chapter 63: Grace
Ethan frowned. his face held a similar expression that I think mirrored my own confusion. “Why would witches interact with Grace?” He asked but there was something off in his question that I couldn’t quite put my finger on, but it made me a hesitant to listen to anything else he had to say.  
“I was hoping you would tell me,” Rhys prodded.  
“I don’t understand.”  
“I want to know if you know of any witches, or anything about witches interacting with Grace.”  
“No.” Ethan answered, but there was a little bit of panic in his voice that he was trying to hide. “No. The Blood Moon pack kept business very close to them. They really didn’t reach out to other packs. I mean, even you the Alpha King didn’t know that they were Lycans. I had to fight tooth and nail to get every piece of information I could.”  
“And that information was always about Grace?” Rhys tried.  
“Usually.” Ethan was looking everywhere but at us. In fact, he was staring straight ahead at the leg of my chair, almost like he was lost in his memories. “I mean, I took any information I could get. So, sometimes it was pack related. Sometimes, it was Grace specific, but my informant could never get too close. They would never let him or anyone else to my knowledge get anywhere near Grace.”  
“Why?” Rhys inquired; his voice held just enough curiosity to keep the tone light.  
“Well, I assume it was because they didn’t want people asking questions about Grace. Kinsley was considered the legitimate heir, and Grace was Grace. As a child she was kind and gentle, and people generally liked her even though they rarely saw her. She was always helping with chores or just hidden away from sight. Kinsely was a lowkey monster from the beginning. She was demanding and entitled, especially as she got older it became more noticeable, so the only real option was to make Grace unavailable, logically speaking.”  
“But your informant didn’t tell you that,” Rhys stated. “You came up with your own conclusions on that?”  
“Yes. My confidant was a teacher at the school, and he never saw Grace attend, but Kinsley did. And Kinsley often bragged that she was smarter than her sister. That her sister couldn’t even talk anymore, she was ‘that stupid’, let alone read or write. A lot of my information came from Kinsley herself whether the confidant heard her say it, or it was a rumor she started. She was the only reason any information about Grace ever got out.”  
He knew I couldn’t read or write? He knew I didn’t speak? He hadn’t seemed surprised when I talked to him in the office last week... Had he? Was I overthinking this or was this not adding up? He knew more about me than I knew about myself, and I hated it. He knew so much about me, but I couldn’t even formulate a single memory with him... I had no recollection of anybody else growing up with me. It made me uncomfortable, and I had to fight the urge to bolt. 
“And who was this informant?” Rhys pressed.  
“His name was Bryan Reed.” Ethan answered easily.  
“And where is he now? Has he been in contact since Grace left Blood Moon?”   
“As I told you before,” Ethan answered sharply, “He was executed shortly after the Luna died.”  
Bryan Reed... I knew that name, didn’t I? I had heard some of the gossip about him when I was younger. His name was taboo now in the pack, wasn’t it? He had been a young man, who all the girls had fawned over till his execution. I had rarely ever seen the man though... I had always been locked away if there were visitors or sent somewhere in the opposite direction. If it was the same man, anyway. 
“Why would he have told you about me?” I asked, my voice was meek, but it was still my voice.  
Ethan’s eyes flickered up to mine, and it was like I was looking at my father again, but with less hostility.  
“He was a friend of the man who sort of raised me.” Ethan answered, his gaze unwavering.  
I nodded, but I felt nauseous. I couldn’t quite put my finger on why, but this conversation wasn’t sitting well with me.  
“Okay,” Rhys said, standing up, and putting his hand out again for me to take. “I think we’re done now. Thank you for your time.”  
I could feel the emotions rolling off of Rhys as we exited the cell and headed back to the house. I couldn’t quite place exactly what he was feeling, but it all felt conflicting and frustrating. I wished I could read him the same way he could read me, but I couldn’t, and his face and body language were just as unreadable.  
“A penny for your thoughts?” I asked after a while when I couldn’t take the silence anymore. 
“I just-  I don’t trust him.” Rhys answered after a long moment.  
“I can’t say I do either,” I confessed before asking. “But why don’t you?”  
   “Partial truths do not equate to the whole truth, and his stories are too accurate at times for me to believe he knows as a little and as much as he says he does.” Rhys answered after carefully choosing his words.  
I nodded, that made total sense to me. I had felt that my supposed brother knew far too much about me and yet very little about anything important. It didn’t quite add up, but I also knew that I had been skeptical from the beginning and thought I might be too hard on him. Just because my memory of my life was weird didn’t mean other people had the same problem.  
“That makes sense,” I said after a moment. “But why are you so tense about it?”  
“I’m not tense,” Rhys answered, but they were reflex words, rushed out and not thought about at all.  
“Do not lie to me, Alpha King Rhys,” I stopped in my tracks, forcing him to stop in his, and look at me, surprised by my boldness. In truth, I was surprised to. “I may not be literate, but I am not dumb. Are you keeping something from me?”
###Chapter 64: Grace
A look of confliction crossed Rhys’ face as I stared at him intensely, but I refused to back down. We were mates now officially. He had marked me. There were to be no more secrets between the two of us. I didn’t want that. I knew that he always had reasons for what he did, but I didn’t care. This was important. If it involved me, I deserved to know. I refused to be kept in the dark about my own self anymore. If anyone deserved to know anything, it was me.  
“Why don’t we go back to the office and talk about it?” He asked reluctantly.  
I glared at him. So, he was keeping secrets. Great. When would he realize that I was not fragile? I had been through hell, yet he was still treating me like I would break. I would not break. Never again would I let anyone treat me like I was inferior to them, especially not my fucking mate.  
“Fine.”  
“Gracie...” He tried.  
“No.” I snapped at him. “I don’t like that you’re keeping things from me.”  
He nodded, an apologetic look crossing his features. It was sort of funny to me because it was very obvious to me that he didn’t like that I was angry at him at all, but I wasn’t ready to just forgive him because he agreed to tell me and looked apologetic. I needed more than that. Like the actual truth.  
His thumb traced over my hand in attempt to defuse my anger, but it was a weak attempt. We made the rest of the walk back to the house and up the millions of stairs to his office in silence.  
“I was thinking we could add your own desk in here,” He tried as he took his usual seat and I took the one across from him, much to his distaste.  
“Sure,” I answered, tapping my fingers against my chair to let him know that I was waiting. For the first time in my life, I felt like I had some power, and it felt freaking thrilling.  
“I believe I told you I met with a witch a couple of weeks ago,” He started nervously.  
“You did.”  
“And I believe I told you that she wasn’t much help.” He fidgeted with the pen on his desk. It was odd to see the Alpha King so unsettled, but a part of me was thriving off of it.  
“Well, when your heat ended, and you finally were able to sleep, I got up for a little while, unable to sleep anymore, and I was told by Leon that the witch was here in his office, and he wasn’t sure what to do.” He paused for a moment. “I obviously, have been trying to track her down since she had disappeared so suddenly before, but I had had no luck and then just as suddenly she was in my pack, in my own fucking house.”  
“Okay...” I said slowly, remembering how Rhys had just asked Ethan about witches just a few minutes ago. I felt bad for losing my temper. It seemed this information had only been discovered a few hours ago, and I had been asleep. He might have been just waiting for a good time to tell me, and I hadn’t really given him the chance. “And what did she say?”  
“She said a lot... So, the witch who I met with is one of the people who bound you... She says she did it twice at your mother, Louanne’s, discretion. She was told that you were able to shift since birth, and that it was to protect you, since you couldn’t hold your head up, let alone control your shifts. I’ve never heard of anyone ever being able to shift from birth. I’ve never heard of anyone under the age of 5 ever being able to shift. And I thought maybe this was common among Lycans, but since it frightened your mom enough to call a witch, I’m leaning toward that it is not common...”  
I leaned away from Rhys, and back into my chair. My own mother was the reason I had been bound? She didn’t trust her own kid to figure it out eventually? Was I that horrible of a child? Was that why I couldn’t remember much?  
“The witch, Sandra, believes that you have powerful alpha energy that far surpasses that of your sister, Kinsley. Most of the time, if you are going to bind someone like that, it only ever takes once. However, you needed a second binding almost immediately after the first was placed. She said you had started breaking out of it, so she bound you again.” Rhys took a deep breath, his eyes never leaving mine before continuing. “She claimed she wasn’t exactly sure when, but she was called upon again. And she said that time she refused to be a part of it. The excuse that you were too young, seemed to have worn its purpose, and was no longer good enough. She also said it was someone different asking this time, not your mom because she had passed by that time, but she didn’t know who was requesting it. Sandra also says she knows they reached out to other witches when she refused, and she claims she only knows of one of other binding that you had, but there potentially could have been more...”  
I sucked in a sharp breath, trying to stop the rage that was coursing through my soul at these revelations.  
“Did I ever hurt anyone when I shifted?” I asked, hoping the answer was yes so that I could understand why they did it.  
“Not to my knowledge, love,” Rhys responded gently.  
“Then why would they do that to me? My own mother...”  
“I think your energy is more powerful than Kinsley’s and it worried people. Your mother wasn’t alive for all those bindings, so I’d like to think the first time, she might have really done it to protect you. But my guess is that once certain people realized your power, they did everything they could to contain it by any means necessary.”  
“And that’s probably why they all hurt me too.” I said sadly. I couldn’t shake the hurt I felt. I mean, my own freaking mother. How could she hurt her baby like that? Didn’t she love me? Her own daughter?  Didn’t anyone care how much damage this would all cause?  
“I would assume they were afraid of your power, and therefore made you a target, yes.” Rhys answered hesitantly.  
Anger surged through me again, overriding the sadness again. How dare they?! I was just a child, and they took advantage of my abilities and made me weak! They didn’t care who they destroyed if it gave them power!  
I stood up and slammed my fists into Rhys’ desk. “I want to take them all down! And I hope they all die miserable deaths in the near future!
###Chapter 65: Rhys
I looked at Grace in surprise. I had never seen her this angry before... In fact, I don’t think I had ever seen her angry at all. If I had it was nothing compared to this. Her blue eyes didn’t hide her emotions at all, the rage burning in them both worried and excited me. It was almost thrilling to see Grace in such a different light.  
“Don’t worry, my love.” I told her as I moved to crouch in front of her, my hand caressing her face gently. “I will make them pay. We will make them pay for ever daring to mess with you.”  
“I’m serious, Rhys,” She stated, pushing me away a little. “It’s not fair. They ruined my life. Everything could have been different. I could have been different. They didn’t have to treat me like they did. I didn’t deserve that.”  
“I know, love.” I tried again, pulling her into me this time. “That’s why we’re going to get you unbound, and we are going to keep biding our time till we have all our pieces together, and then we are going to go on the attack and anyone who has ever messed with you mentally or physically, they are going to pay. I promise.”  
She closed her eyes, but her tension didn’t ease. She still felt stiff in my arms, and I didn’t like it, nor did I really know how to help her.  
“It’s just not fair...” She sighed, deflating.  
“I know. You didn’t deserve anything that’s happened to you.” I ran my fingers through her hair combed through it as gently as I could. I pecked her forehead just as a knock at the door startled both of us apart.  
I pulled her back to me and called out to the knocker to come in.  
“Hey, am I interrupting?” Sawyer asked, looking hesitantly between myself and Grace.  
“No, we were just talking,” I answered. “Why? What’s up?”  
“Arlo and I were heading to the city for supplies, and we were wondering if Grace would like to join us?” Sawyer asked, hesitantly, his eyes flickering to mine, just for a moment. 
I forced myself not to tense. This was a big moment for Grace, and I needed to respect that.  
“I don’t know...” A little frown graced her face, and I pecked her forehead again. “I’ve hardly been outside... I can’t remember ever going to a city before.”  
“Well, this would be a good opportunity then,” I encouraged even though I didn’t love the idea. “Arlo and Sawyer will both be there and will be able to protect you if anything Goddess forbids happened.”  
“What’s the city like?” She asked, her voice small as she contemplated my words.  
“Well, it’s busy,” Sawyer answered easily, leaning back against the doorframe. I had to fight to not to roll my eyes at his attempt to look casual. “And a little chaotic, but it’s nothing crazy. There are just more cars and more people everywhere, and everything is just a little bit bigger.”  
She nodded, thoughtfully, before turning back toward me. Her big blue eyes met mine, but I could see the worry in them.  
“What do you think? Is it safe to go to?” She asked.  
I smiled at her and brushed a loose strand of hair from her face, I couldn’t help it. I had already answered both of those questions, but she had been too surprised to really hear them.  
“It’s neutral territory, about as safe as you can be outside the pack, and Sawyer and Arlo will both be there if anything was to happen.” I repeated my earlier answer. “But I can’t make the decision for you, love.”  
“It’ll be fun,” Sawyer coaxed, “And if you want to leave at any time because you feel uncomfortable, we will leave, no questions asked.”  
“Are you sure it’s okay for me to go?” She asked me again and my heart clenched a little, but I did my best to still smile. I didn’t want her out of my sight for even a second these days, but that wasn’t sustainable or necessary. She had spent her whole life cooped up. I couldn’t do the same just because it made me feel better, and as much as I wanted to go with her, I had work to do still.  
“I’m sure.” I told her. “Go and have fun. I want to hear all about it when you get back.”  
She beamed at me as she stood up. To my surprise, she pecked my lips before turning back toward Sawyer and off to places she had never been before. I knew Sawyer and Arlo would take care of her, but I worried.  
I tried to get some work done for a good half hour after my door shut behind them, but all I did was stare at my computer screen. The next thing I knew I was mindlinking Leon to come to my office. I knew I wouldn’t be able to get anything done until I put my mind at ease over letting her go without me.  
“You called?” Leon smirked as he entered my office.  
“Shut up.” I growled at him.  
“Rumor has it that you let Arlo and Sawyer take Grace to the city.” Leon cut straight to the chase, telling me that he had already guess why I had called him.  
“Tell me I didn’t make a mistake in letting her out of my sight.” I said, getting up to pour us both a glass of whiskey.  
“This was the perfect opportunity for her to get some new experiences in a controlled way. If she is going to be Luna, she cannot be in awe over everything every time. This will help her grow more independent, and get some basic experiences with the public in a way that doesn’t really matter.”  
“But she’s a Lycan.” I argued. “Ethan says they can sense each other. What if her old pack senses her out of my territory and thinks she’s fair game? What if she doesn’t know to look both ways before crossing a street? We’ve never talked about safety things!”  
Leon sighed. “Do you want me to catch up to them and keep an eye of things?”  
I sucked in a breath. Yes. That was exactly what I wanted. Was it dishonorable on my end to not trust my mate and my Gamma, my own brother? Was I being overreactive?  
  I knew the answer even as the words left my mouth, but I said them anyway. “Yes but be discreet. Don’t let them see you, and I want updates every few minutes. I want to know where they are at all times and if you sense any trouble, you tell me and you get her out of there.”
###Chapter 66: Grace
I left the office with Sawyer and headed straight back to my room. I wanted to change into one of my cuter outfits and do something with my hair if I was going to go out into the real world. I knew it didn’t really matter how I looked, but I was the Alpha King’s mate now. I didn’t want to unintentionally embarrass him on my first real outing.  
Sawyer patiently waited till I was ready and then we headed down to meet Arlo by the car. The car still scared me a bit, but I wasn’t going anywhere that was a threat to me. Rhys wouldn’t have allowed that, so I tried to breathe as I stepped into it. However, I couldn’t stop myself from bouncing with anxiety and excitement as we neared the city. The only time I could remember going to anything that even resembled a city was when I was probably about 8 when my dad took me for ice cream. It was my only real memory of anything and even it was blurry. 
“Are you excited?” Arlo asked as the streets began to get more crowded and the building quintupled in size, forcing me to look up if I wanted to see them in full.  
“I don’t know.” I answered nervously. I had a feeling in the pit of my stomach that I shouldn’t have come, but I knew that was just my anxiety talking.  
“The city is one of my favorite places,” Arlo told me with a smile as he met my eyes through the rearview mirror. “I grew up not far from here, so I came all the time.”  
“Why?” I asked with a frown. There were so many people and so many streets and so many things, I couldn’t really understand why anyone would want to come here.  
“It was something to do.” Arlo laughed as we pulled into a parking garage. “The city was big and exciting and as a young pup there was so much to do here and so much to see, and me and my friends found all sorts of trouble in the area.”  
I smiled, imagining a younger Arlo running down the streets of the city with his friends. It must have been nice to have a normal life, a normal childhood.  
“So why are we here?” I asked.  
“Well, the pack needs some supplies,” Sawyer answered, getting out of the car and opening my door for me. “We like to be self-sufficient the best we can, so we own several businesses in the area which we will check in on, and I need some medical stuff that I can only pick up here.”  
I nodded feeling immediately overwhelmed. The cars around us were all parked, and if I felt this terrified in a parking garage, then I was not looking forward to how terrifying the street was going to be.   
“Just stay close,” Sawyer said as he offered me his arm which I took gratefully. “The city is as safe as a city can be, but it does still have dangers. If you want to leave at any time, just say the word and we’ll go. But if you see anything you want, feel free to grab it. This is Rhys’ card,” He handed me a little black card that I had never seen before. I had never had money before. “It will buy you literally whatever you want, and there is no spending limit.”  
“No limit?”  
“No limit.” Sawyer smiled. “So, whatever you want to get, it’s yours.” 
“That’s sweet, but I can’t spend Rhys’ money.” I argued. 
“It’s your money now too,” Sawyer laughed as we made our way to the street.  
I nodded, but knew I wasn’t going to spend a dime of his money, especially without him here to know it. It was too much for our brand-new relationship which felt rocky and stable all at once.  
“First thoughts?” Arlo asked as we started down the street.  
“Busy,” I said immediately, curling myself a little more into Sawyer. “And smells funny.”  
“That is the smell of business,” Arlo laughed.  
“And fun,” Sawyer added as we turned and entered into one of the big buildings.  
But I didn’t see the fun part, and that feeling only intensified as we entered what I assumed to be a mall even though I had never been to one before. I could see entrances to stores lining the hallway for as far as I could see, and people just pushed their way past us without a second thought. I curled my fingers into Sawyer’s shirt. I did not want to get separated from him and Arlo. I would never find my way back.  
We entered a store a little ways down the hallway, and I immediately saw a little bit of everything. There were clothes to my left, toys to my right, and anything else I could imagine further down. Arlo grabbed a cart, and with my free hand I held onto it for dear life.  
Arlo gave me a reassuring smile, but I felt overwhelmed. Even though the store was slightly less crowded than the corridor, it was still busy. Why would anyone find this fun? 
We didn’t really shop in the store though, instead, we went straight to the back and picked up several large packages and loaded them to the cart. We then moved on to the next store and did much of the same thing, though this time, we browsed what was in the store a little more and any time the guys saw my eyes linger on anything, they asked me if I wanted it and I’d have to politely decline.  
“You’re not having very much fun, are you?” Arlo asked after a while.  
“I’m fine,” I squeaked out.  
“Come on, I know a spot,” Arlo said, passing the cart off to Sawyer and taking my arm the way Sawyer had.  
I followed him out of the store, and then out of the building. We took a side street to a much less crowded area, and he led me into a beautiful bookstore that was filled top to bottom with books and next to no people. I breathed a sigh of relief.  
“Go on,” Arlo smiled as he let go of my arm. “Go explore. I’ll be here.”  
I nodded and gave him a smile. I knew my reading was limited, but the books were all so beautiful. I hoped to find some books that would help me better my skills. I casually browsed the shelves before finding myself in the non-fiction section. There was a book with a dragon on it, and I wondered if it was about mythical creatures.  
I turned to ask Arlo about it, but he was no longer in my line of sight.  
“Arlo?” I called out as panic began to set in and I raced among the shelves. No Arlo, no Arlo, no Arlo. I was nearly to the end of the shelves when I began to feel abandoned. Had he trapped me?  
I rounded the last corner when I saw him face down on the ground, unmoving, with Kinsley standing over him with the biggest smirk on her face.  
“Well, hello, sister,” She smirked, and I couldn’t help but scream.
###Chapter 67: Grace
I stared at Kinsley in shock. A large part of me wanted to run, but a part of me knew it would be fruitless. If Kinsley was here, then there were probably others, and she was almost positively faster than me. Plus, I couldn’t leave Arlo. I didn’t know him very well, but I felt the strong need to protect him, at least in whatever way I could. It probably wouldn’t be much, but I got him into this mess... The least I could do was not abandon him...  
“Miss me?” Kinsley flashed me her sadistic smile as she stepped over Arlo toward me. “There really is no reason to scream. No one is coming to save you.”  
“What are you doing here, Kinsley?” I asked, fighting to keep my voice from shaking.  
“Uh uh,” She shook her finger at me, and I took a step back. “It’s Luna Kinsley to you, bitch, now that you’re speaking again. I did not miss the sound of your annoying ass voice.” 
“Respectfully, I am not a part of your pack anymore,” I answered as I took a step back.  
Kinsley laughed coldly. “You will always be a part of our pack, Grace. We’ve missed you.” She was so insincere it almost hurt. “Alpha Adrian can’t for your return.”  
A chill ran down my spine at the mention of Alpha Adrian. I would rather die here this afternoon than return to what I had lived with for all those years ago before. I didn’t want to be the punching bag of the pack again. I couldn’t go back to that.  
I looked around for a weapon of any sort. We were surrounded by paperback books, but they wouldn’t do much damage they, they would only buy time, and I was too weak to be able to break apart a shelf quick enough to make it a weapon.  I wish I had spent more time training with Rhys! Maybe then I would know how to get out of here!  
“I’m not going back.” I told her firmly.  
“You say that like you have a choice.”  
“I do.” I said boldly. “And I’m telling you that I am not going back.”  
Kinsley rolled her eyes and took another step toward me. “Letting you go with the Alpha King has made you forget your place,” She said coldly. “You have become bold after all this time, but don’t worry, we’ll fix that right up.”  
I stared into her blue eyes that looked so much like mine, refusing to back down. If I was going down, I was going to go down swinging. The longer I stared into her eyes though, the more I saw Ethan in them. The more I saw my father. Kinsley had never really looked like either of her parents except for her eyes. The eyes that all three of us kids seemed to share. The difference was her eyes were the coldest, and I hated staring into them.  
“Good girl,” She patted my cheek when I didn’t respond, and she took my silence as a victory. “Now we are going to walk out of this store and get into the red car down the street without a whole scene.”  
No. No. I wouldn’t be going with her. In here, I was at least alone with her. At least it didn’t feel like there were any other people in the bookstore. Out there though, I didn’t know who would be waiting for me, and I didn’t really want to find out.  
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Arlo start to stir. I wondered if she had managed to drug him or if she had caught him completely off guard in a fight. Both weren’t good options, but maybe one was better than the other. If he was stirring, then maybe he would be able to help. I just had to buy some time. I also tried to send my emotions to Rhys. I didn’t quite know how to do it or if it would work this far away, but it was worth a try... I had never wanted to mindlink anyone as bad I wanted to right now.  
“Kinsley,” I tried, “If you do anything to me, I am the Alpha King’s mate. He will retaliate against you.”  
“You are no one’s mate!” Kinsley shrieked before trying to calm herself, and saying in a calmer voice, “The Alpha King has had a whole slew of mates before you, he moved on from them the same way he will move on from you.”  
“He marked me, Kinsley,” I told her, but my voice was small, and my confidence was waning. What if Arlo didn’t wake up in time? “I’m different than those other girls. He will care.”  
“You ruin everything!” Kinsley screeched. “You will pay for everything you have done, and I can promise you that you will wish you had never been born!”  
Everything then happened so fast, I barely had time to process any of it. Kinsley lunged at me as I stumbled backward into a shelf. Arlo was on his feet, his arms wrapping Kinsley’s neck. And someone jumped in front of me, shielding me from whatever Kinsley had been planning to do.  
“You might want to cooperate if you want to live a little longer,” A familiar voice called out, immediately putting me at ease.  
“Who are you?” She asked breathlessly, struggling uselessly against Arlo’s grip.  
Arlo looked a little pale, but otherwise unharmed, which I was glad to see.  
“Beta Leon from the Alpha King’s pack.” Leon answered, looking over his shoulder at me to make sure I was okay. I gave him a small nod; grateful he arrived when he did. “And you will be coming back with us for questioning.”  
“I was only chatting with my dear sister,” Kinsley tried to play the innocent card, but neither Arlo or Leon were falling for it.  
“Yea, tell me all about it when we get to the dungeon,” Leon brushed her off.  
“Do you even know who I am?!” Kinsley argued even though she was in no position to. “My husband, Alpha Adrian of the Blood Moon pack will not stand for this! You are messing with the wrong pack!”  
“Go ahead,” Leon smirked. “Show us why we shouldn’t mess with you, break out of his hold. Shift into the monster you think you are!”
###Chapter 68: Grace
Kinsley seemed to hesitate, and I felt myself waver slightly. If she was Lycan, she could have shifted and destroyed the three of us without us even having a chance. But instead, her eyes kept flickering to mine. She couldn’t shift without revealing that she wasn’t Lycan or revealing that she was and either way it was lose-lose for her. And the way her eyes kept flickering to me, I realized it was probably the former.  
“Come on, Grace,” She pleaded. “Tell them it was all in just good fun. I didn’t mean any harm.”  
I shook my head no, my mind reeling. Ethan had said that we were twins. Ethan looked like Dad. Ethan was abandoned. I was bound. Kinsley wasn’t Lycan. Ethan and I supposedly were Lycan. Blood Moon pack was Lycan. Something wasn’t adding up, and I felt stuck, but whatever it was, Kinsley seemed to have known it this whole time. I felt sick to my stomach.  
“Grace, I’m your sister!” Kinsley shouted. “Tell these buffoons that this was a misunderstanding and have them let me go.”  
“I told you already, I’m not going back.” I said steadily, my nails pressing so deep into my own skin I was sure it was going to leave marks.  
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Kinsley tried to sneer at me, but it honestly just looked pathetic since Arlo had such a tight grip on her. “As if anyone would want you.”  
“Watch you your mouth, girl,” Arlo warned, squeezing her a little tighter, her face paling a little. “Just because your pack didn’t value Grace, doesn’t mean our pack doesn’t. And if you continue to antagonize her, I won’t hesitate to do some damage before we ever even get to the dungeons.”  
Kinsley whimpered, and Arlo began to drag her toward the entrance showing that he was ready to go.  
“Are you okay?” Leon asked, looking me over, letting us hang back a minute.  
I nodded, not trusting my voice now that I was safe.  
“Stay close to me, okay? I’ve already mindlinked Rhys what’s going on, and we’re going to get you out of here safely. But whatever happens, do not leave my side or my sight, got it?”  
I nodded again; grateful he was taking this security issue seriously. It did little to ease my fear, but it was nice to have support in this moment unlike what would have happened in the past.  
“Guys, you might want to see this.” Arlo called out from the other side of the store.  
Leo put his arm around me protectively, and we began to move quickly through the shelves.  
“What’s wrong?” Leon asked, his voice clear and strong as we approached. 
“The bitch killed the store clerk, there’s blood everywhere.” Arlo grumbled, but he was looking a little pale and sick. I wasn’t sure if he was feeling everything or if the sight of a dead body had him looking sick.  
“Here, give me the girl, you go and check the store. Make sure there are no other casualties, or injuries.”  
Leon released me, but didn’t leave my line of sight as he approached to switch out Arlo. I could tell he wasn’t taking any chances with Kinsley, and Arlo was looking more and more unsteady, so I knew he was just giving Arlo the out. There had been no one in the store when we had come in. Leon grabbed Kinsley by the wrists, pinning them behind her back. He kept as much distance as he could between himself and her while still keeping her secure as if she disgusted him.  
Arlo did a quick sweep of the inside of the store before giving the all clear, and we headed to toward the front door.  
“Arlo, you’re going to stay and make sure this place is cleaned up and explain what’s going on when the clean-up crew gets here, and I am going to take Grace and Kinsley back to the pack, but where the hell is Sawyer?”  
“He was going to continue his -” Suddenly Arlo’s words were cut off and he was pulled out of our sight as the door slammed behind him and a rush of wind hit us.  
“Fuck.” Leon muttered and grabbed Kinsley with just one hand and me with the other. He was taking no chances of us getting separated, which I appreciated.  
We stepped out into the wind, and my eyes immediately landed on Arlo who was laying on the ground looking like he was going to throw up, and Alpha Adrian was standing behind him, one foot on Arlo and one on solid ground with a smug look on his face.  
Leon stopped and secured both hands on Kinsley, but not before making me grab his shirt.  
“What exactly is your plan here?” Leon demanded, his voice cold.  
“It’s simple.” Adrian sneered. “You are going to give me Kinsley or Grace, and I will let your friend go.”  
I tightened my grip on Leon’s shirt and closed my eyes. If they wanted information from Kinsley, I would have to offer myself up. I couldn’t let Arlo go with them, no matter how scared I was. This was an opportunity, and I could see that Leon was hesitating. I had to do this. I had to.  
I slowly unclenched my fingers from Leon’s shirt and straightened myself out. I could do this...  
Leon’s hand immediately shot out for me when he noticed I let go and I looked up at him with wide eyes. Leon shook his head no, ever so slightly, and reestablished my grip onto his shirt.  
“No tricks.” Leon growled, and I saw Sawyer in the distance, pushing a large cart.  
“Of course,” Adrian answered, pulling Arlo up to his feet.  
Suddenly Arlo was shoved toward Leon and I and Kinsley was released, and I felt a tug on my arm, and I wasn’t sure who was reaching for me, but I was glad I had Leon’s shirt to hold me in place.  
Sawyer sprinted toward us when he saw what was going on, but it was over. Adrian and Kinsley were already halfway down the street.  
“Arlo?” Leon prodded him, but he was unconscious again, Leon was holding him up.  
“What the hell happened?” Sawyer demanded, his face showing his surprise.  
“We will talk about it later. I can’t believe you split up from them,” Leon growled angrily. “Take Arlo and Grace home, I will clean up this mess.”  
I fought the tears that threatened. It was all my fault that this had happened. I sat in silence the whole car ride back to the pack. I knew Sawyer kept trying to talk to me, but I couldn’t hear him. I felt numb. How close had I been to losing everything again?  
I had managed to keep myself in check, but as soon as we pulled into the checkpoint and I saw Rhys standing at the edge of the border, I threw open the car door and sprinted into his arms and completely lost it...
###Chapter 69: Rhys
I paced the border anxiously. I hadn’t heard from Leon in a while, but I also knew he was staying behind to clean up the mess and Sawyer was the one travelling back. I was trying not to be angry until I had the full story, and only they could tell me it, but I wanted to murder my brother for ever letting Grace out of his sight. This was supposed to have been a safe trip for Grace. She had enough trauma to last a lifetime, and now, I worried our fragile trust might be broken.  
I felt her near before I saw the car at the checkpoint. I had to fight every instinct to not rush to her. I didn’t want to overwhelm her or make everything a bigger deal than it was and scar her more. The car was barely stopped when the door was thrown open and she barreled out of it right into my arms.  
I lifted her into my arms and breathed easily for the first time since she had left my sight all those hours ago.

“It’s okay,” I stroked her hair, and tried to calm my own racing heart. “It’s okay, I’m here. I’m here. You’re safe now.”  
Her sobs raked through her body, and I did my best to soothe her. I couldn’t imagine what she was feeling right now. What was coming through our bond, I didn’t want to feel. It was all so overwhelming. I knew I couldn’t make it better, all I could do was hold her and tell her that she was safe now. It wasn’t enough, but nothing ever would be in moments like this.  
Her sobs eventually started to subside, and I knew she was beginning to calm.  
“Are you hurt at all?” I asked, pulling back a little so I could actually look at her.  
She shook her head no and closed the distance between us, but the question seemed to spark her back to reality a little.  
“Arlo,” It was barely a whisper, but I knew what she wanted.  
“Is he hurt?” I asked.  
“Yes,” She paused before saying, “Well I don’t know, maybe drugged, maybe hurt, I couldn’t tell...”  
“Can we go check?” I asked, glad she had felt safe enough to want to come to me, but upset that if Arlo was hurt, we had delayed his treatment.  
She nodded, and I helped her back to her feet, and a away from the tree we had taken refuge under.  
“How’s Arlo?” I asked my brother as we got into the car to take us back to the packhouse.  
“He’s healing, but slowly. He should be fine in a few hours. I want to take him back to the clinic just to be sure. And maybe run a few tests.”  
I nodded, and I felt Grace relax a little against me as Sawyer climbed back into the front seat and began to drive.  
“Have you heard from Leon?” I asked, trying to keep my voice light for Grace.  
“Yes. He said that our people had arrived, and he was waiting on security footage, but the clean-up is pretty much done.”  
I nodded my approval and began to make plans for next steps over mindlink with several other pack members as Grace continued to silently try and pull herself together.  
When the car finally came to a stop, several wolves came with a gurney to take Arlo to the clinic with Sawyer, and Grace and I made our way up to my office where we would be able to talk freely. My office was as protected as it came, and I didn’t think we needed eavesdropping wolves when it came to such a sensitive topic.  
Grace sat in her usual chair, and I sat in mine, but it felt too far now.  
“I’m never going to the city ever again!” Grace exclaimed now that it was just us, her eyes still red-rimmed from the tears.  
“Can you tell me what happened, my love?” I prompted.  
“It was so busy and chaotic, I hated it from the beginning. But we were there because the pack needed stuff, so I was trying to just give myself time to adjust, but it never got better. So, Arlo eventually sensed I wasn’t having a good time, so he told me he knew a place that I would like, and we went to a bookstore, while Sawyer finished the shopping. And I did like the bookstore better, but then all the sudden, Arlo was gone and when I went to find him, Kinsley was there and he was unconscious...” She looked like she was going to cry again, so I moved so I was right in front of her as I leaned on my desk. I could feel the guilt she was feeling rolling off of her in waves, and I hated it. 
“Then what happened?” I asked.  
And she told me everything she remembered. How she was glad Leon showed up and how they found the clerk and how when they went to leave, Arlo took the brunt of everything again.  
“It’s not your fault.” I told her gently. 
“My sister said that they couldn’t wait to see me again, especially Adrian, and that makes me sure that this is my fault, though I’m not sure what she meant by that. Also, I think she proved Ethan right a bit because she refused to shift, and if she was a monster like she was supposed to be, she would have been able to get out of that situation with no trouble. I also think she’s known the whole time; she just didn’t seem to want me to know. ” She confessed all in one breath, telling me that she was starting to really process the events that had occurred.  
I nodded, thinking about what she was saying. Some things were really starting to add up while others seemed to just leave me feeling more confused. Was Grace really the legitimate daughter of the last Alpha of the Blood Moon Pack?  
“Did you have any premonitions or feelings that your sister would show up? Like did you feel any different?”  
She frowned slightly as she thought about it, before finally saying, “No, I was just anxious as I had been the whole trip. The whole time I felt like something bad was going to happen, but I just thought I was being crazy.”  
My mind was reeling, and a frightening thought crossed my mind as I remembered something Ethan had said before. Could Grace have unconsciously been linking with the Lycans? Ethan had said they could sense each other, and even though hers was still bound, maybe they could sense her... 
Finally, after debating with myself for a bit, I decided to ask her the question that was weighing heavily on my mind. I carefully crafted my question.  “Do you remember how Ethan said Lycans can sense each other? And do you think maybe that’s how they found you?”
###Chapter 70: Rhys
Grace’s face immediately paled as she pondered my questions, and I watched her squirm in her chair a bit as she fought whatever battle was occurring in her head.  
“I don’t know,” She answered finally, her voice shaking. “I didn’t feel anything, but I don’t know how else they would have known I was there.”  
The guilt she had been feeling intensified, and I almost immediately regretted asking my question.  
“Even if they did ‘track’ you, it’s not your fault.” I told her seriously, moving to hold her as tears threatened her big blue eyes again.  
“I just -” She couldn’t stop the tears that came, and I immediately moved, pulling her into my lap and running my fingers through her hair in an attempt to soothe her.  
“You just what?” I asked her to continue when she didn’t.  
“I just, I don’t know very much about the Lycan things. I never imagined myself even having a wolf, let alone a monster inside of me, yet that possibility seems more and more likely.” 
“Why are you so afraid of turning into your true self?” I asked, not fully understanding her fear.  
“I don’t want to be a monster,” She sobbed, clutching at my shirt. “I don’t want to be the reason innocent people get hurt or die!” 
“Gracie, just because you are a Lycan, doesn’t mean people will think you a monster,” I tried, regretting that I asked any of my recent questions since they just seemed to just make her more and more upset. 
“No one will love a monster. You’re the Alpha King, you can’t be mated to a Lycan.’ She argued.  
 I regretted asking my questions. I hadn’t meant for her to spiral like this, or question our relationship again.  I reached over, and held her face gently, so she was looking right at me before saying, “Gracie, I don’t care if you are Lycan or werewolf. I don’t care if you are the Alpha and Luna’s daughter or the Mistress’s. The only thing I care about is who you are as a person. And you are strong and kind, and smart. And that is all I care about.”  
 She looked like she wanted to believe me, but then she shut down again. “You say that now, but if we unbound me, I fear your answer will change.”  
“It won’t,” I kissed her forehead attempting to reassure her, “But I guess I’ll just have to prove it to you over and over again that I will love you for forever. I chose you, Grace. In this lifetime and every one after.”  
She giggled slightly into my chest, and I breathed her in. I was so incredibly grateful that she was safe and unharmed.  
“Come on,” I encouraged lightly, “You’ve had a crazy day. Why don’t you go rest?”  
She hesitated and I realized that she probably thought I was pushing her away again. The walk to our room was made in silence, but once we got there, I laid down next to her and began to just talk about my day till all the scary stuff happened. I wanted her to know the mundane of my life and I wanted to know hers.  
I waited till she fell asleep and headed off to see Arlo. He was the first one to have run into Kinsley and Adrian. He was the one who had gotten hurt both times. I knew it was probably unlikely, but what if he was in league with them and that’s how they were ambushed? I trusted Arlo... But what if that had been a mistake?  
I sighed and made my way into the clinic. Sawyer was running around, clearly in the middle of something, but the receptionist was able to take me straight to Arlo, I didn’t even have to ask.  
He was laying in the hospital bed, still looking pale, but was now alert and oriented compared to the car earlier.  
“Hey Arlo, how ya feeling?” I asked, trying to keep my emotions in check.  
“A lot better, thanks,” He answered. “Look, I know how it looks, but I swear to you that I had nothing to do with this. I took Grace to the bookstore because she was so overwhelmed by the crowds are the stuff, and everything around. I knew the bookstore would be less crowded; I go there quite frequently. Grace was in my line of sight the whole time, I was looking for some books to help her with her reading, but I also wanted her to explore and find her own interest. I was looking at a book, when I think it was Kinsley, but I didn’t see a face, stabbed something into my neck...” He took a breath before continuing. “The next thing I remember is that Kinsley and Grace were talking, and I got up as soon as I could feel my body, and then Leon was there. Thank goddess because I’m not sure I could have gotten us out of there. I did a search of the store, and we headed out to leave, but that’s when Alpha Adrian ambushed me, and I fell unconscious again, and I don’t know what happened after that... The next thing I knew I was in the car and then I woke again here in the hospital.”  
“Thanks.” I told him earnestly. His story matched Grace’s which made me feel better. “I trust you. I’m just trying to figure out how they found her, especially so quickly. But take the rest of the day off and feel better.”  
Arlo nodded, and I felt a little better after talking to him, but then the uneasiness returned and I found myself walking the familiar steps to the dungeon.  
“Ethan,” I called out as I reached his cell. He was sitting on his cot with a book in his hand looking well, but I didn’t feel like entering the cell today.  
“Hi, no Grace today?” He asked, closing the book.  
“No. I have a question for you.” I told him seriously, and his face immediately got serious.  
“Okay...”  
“Could Grace be consciously or unconsciously linking with her old pack?” I asked after a long moment of me trying to figure out how to phrase the question.  
“She’s still bound, right?” Ethan asked.  
“Yes.”  
“Then I would say no,” Ethan answered after a moment of thought. “That would be nearly impossible, even for someone of her power.”  
“Tell me Ethan, what exactly makes her so powerful? Why is she so unique that people are literally seeking her out? What does she offer that they want so freaking bad?”
###Chapter 71: Rhys
Ethan stared at me for a long moment. I knew that I wasn’t hiding my frustration with everything well... Or at all. And to me he was the only one who could really give me any information, but he seemed about as lost as I was. 
“Honestly,” He started, but I could see the worry on his face with my question. I hadn’t told him that Grace had had a run in with Kinsley, but I also knew with these questions, he was starting to piece things together and was worried like I was. “I don’t know specifics. Everything I have gathered has been gathered second or third hand information, and a lot of digging, and through books and folklore. None of it is known to be for sure true.”  
“But what do you know?” I tried pleading for anything that could help me protect my Grace.  
“Just that she must be extremely powerful for Kinsley and Adrian to go through so much trouble to neutralize her... They would have to be quite scared I think to go through such trouble to even maybe get their hands on her.”  
“But how did they know she was near?” I asked, running my hand through my hair frustratedly.  
“She’s safe now, right?” Ethan asked, ignoring my question.  
I debated giving him an answer, but decided that if I wanted his help, I thought it was only fair to give him some information if I expected him to help me.  
“She’s resting right now. She was lucky to get out of there unharmed.”  
“You know I’m trusting you to protect her... And you’re not doing such a good job...”  
“I’m doing my best with the information I have.” I snapped at him. “And you are in no position to talk about protecting her considering you got caught and are in a prison cell.”  
Ethan glared at me, but we both knew it was the truth. He had struggled to protect her for far longer than I had even known about her existence, let alone fallen in love with her. I had to give him some credit, he had kept decent tabs on her, and he had done what he could as a child. He had been right before, there was no way he would have been able to get her out of there safely and then protected her from rogues. They seemed to keep too close of an eye on her and were going to much further lengths than I ever expected them to so they could get her back. I think the only reason they had let me take her out of their pack was because I am the Alpha King. They didn’t see a choice and used her as leverage. They never thought I would keep her...  
Wait... They never thought I would keep her. They probably still thought I didn’t want to keep her. That I wouldn’t care if they took her back. They still didn’t see that she was so much more than whatever they were trying to keep hidden.  
“I understand that Grace shouldn’t be able to reach out with her Lycan since she’s bound... But could they reach out and sense her?” I asked cautiously, unsure if I was ready for the answer.  
Ethan pondered the question for a moment, before saying, “Theoretically, no. However, she is clearly a powerful Lycan. Even bound, they are terrified of her and what she can do... So, it would seem that some of her abilities might be, for lack of a better term, leaking through making it so they could sense her, but since she isn’t necessarily connected to that piece of herself, she couldn’t sense them. My guess though is that they would need to be nearby to sense her though.”  
“So, you think they were just waiting for her in neutral territory just waiting for us to get comfortable to attack?” I asked, my stomach sinking with the thought. I hated that I had left her even though I knew she had fallen asleep a while ago, and there was nothing more I could do for her.  
“I think it’s possible,” Ethan shrugged. “But I also think it’s just as possible that you have a spy in your pack.”  
I had to fight the urge to fight Ethan at his words and was glad that I hadn’t allowed myself to enter his cell today.  
“I do not have a spy.” I ground out. “My pack is loyal.”  
Ethan raised his arms in surrender, but his next words told me that he didn’t really believe me. “I think most are, yes. But I think its folly to think that every single person in this pack is. I mean, Grace is new. Grace is Lycan or even wolfless to some. They don’t really know her. You’ve been a heart throb for ages. Even I as a rogue have heard stories of girls fawning over you. I’m sure somebody out there could have a big enough motive to want Grace gone. And whoever it was could have easily tipped off Kinsley or Adrian, telling them that you weren’t going into the city with Grace. They could have followed them out of the pack themselves. Followed at a distance, saw the prime opportunity, and told Adrian and Kinsley where Grace could be found. I don’t suppose it would have been terribly hard on any account.”  
I contemplated his words. They made a lot of sense. My pack didn’t really know Grace. They had always welcomed every new bride though... Hadn’t they? They had never seemed to care who they were before, but maybe I had been too blind in my disinterest to notice. Maybe there was more going on in my pack than I realized. I was going to need Leon to check surveillance of the border today and give me a list of every person who had come in and out and when.  
“Next to no one knew that she was going to the city.” I tried to argue even though I was hesitating a little.  
“Then the person you’re looking for might be even closer than you think.” Ethan answered easily, giving me a look that made me think maybe he knew something.  
But the only people who knew were Leon, Sawyer and Arlo... But again it had been Arlo’s suggestion... Arlo was the only one who was hurt and who they threatened to take. But Arlo’s story had matched Grace’s so perfectly.  
“I have already confirmed those that knew of the outings loyalty, but thank you for your suggestions,” I said vehemently. I was not going to go around doubting those I trusted most.  
“I meant no harm,” Ethan sighed. “I just want what’s best for my sister... If you let me out, I can help you keep her safe.”  
“I’m sorry, but no. Not until I know Kinsley and Adrian’s true intentions. You’re safer here, and so is Grace.”  
Ethan sighed but seemed to accept my answer at least for now. I turned to leave when he called me back.  
“What?” I asked in irritation.  
“I don’t know if it’s relevant, but legends say that there is more than one way to create a Lycan... They say you don't necessarily have to be born one... And I worry that maybe the legends are true...”
###Chapter 72: Rhys
I left the dungeons with more questions than answers. Ethan hadn’t been clear about what the legends were when I had asked him about them. He had said there were quite a few, and he didn’t know which ones were true necessarily. There were things we were very clearly missing, but I couldn’t seem to pinpoint what they were.  
The moon was at its full height as I moved to the Leon’s quarters subconsciously. When I finally reached his door, I hesitated for a moment before knocking.  
Heather opened the door after a long couple of minutes with a sleepy look in her eyes and I felt bad that I was pulling Leon away from his family again like I had done so often these past few weeks. But I needed him then, just like I needed him now.  
“Alpha, you are aware that it is the middle of the night, and if you had woken our kids, we would have had a major problem, right?”  
I smiled. Very few people talked to me like I was a normal person, but Heather never held back her thoughts.  
“I’m sorry, Heather, but I need to see-”  
“Leon,” She cut me off, rolling her eyes. “Yes, yes, I know,” She waved me to follow her inside so she could wake her husband. “You better be paying him overtime for all this extra work.”  
“I’m sorry about all the extra work...” I apologized.  
“Well, it’s not like he really wants to be around right now anyway,” She sighed, and I remembered how it was only a few weeks ago that he had found out Caleb had slept with his wife. “But he can’t avoid me or throw himself into work for forever. But enough about our troubles. Clearly you have enough on your mind. Let me go wake him up.”  
“Heather, if you need to talk, you know I’m here for you, right?”  
“Thanks, but I’m fine,” She said with a small sad smile. “Let me go get my husband.”  
I stood in the family room surrounded by the life Leon had created and wondered if I was a part of the problem. Clearly, I was not as in control of my reign and my life as I had always thought.  
“Middle of the night calls now, really?” Leon called out bitterly when he walked in and grabbed his coat.  
“Yes.” I replied simply, opening the door for us to head out. “It’s important.”  
“It never not is,” Leon sighed, leading us to my office. “What’s up?” 
“I don’t even know where to start,” I said honestly as I sat down and poured myself a drink and then another for Leon. “But I guess let’s start with the most concerning thing to me... I went to talk to Ethan about what was going on and how Kinsley and Adrian could have found Grace, and he offered quite a bit of information... However, I don’t know what’s the truth. It’s like he’s just giving crumbs.”  
“I mean that sort of makes sense... He wants to be seen as useful so we don’t just get rid of him. He’s being smart by keeping us on our toes.” Leon defended the 21-year-old. 
I hated that he was right, but that did make some sense. It’s what I would do in that situation, so why would I be surprised when someone else was trying the same tactic?  
“But irrelevant,” Leon waved it off. “What did Ethan say to you that caused you to wake me up in the middle of the night?”  
“He told me that there is more than one way to create a Lycan. You don’t have to be born to Lycan parents, it can be created... He said he wasn’t sure which legends were true, but that there was one that tended be spoken of the most...”  
“Oh my god,” Leon stood up abruptly, “I’ll be right back!”  
I stared after him and wondered what that was about, but I didn’t wait too long before he barreled back in with an old, worn book in his hands that he threw down on the desk.  
“What’s this?” I asked with a frown.  
“A folklore book that I found just a few days ago. You asked me and Sawyer to try and find out what we could, and I realized that just because we don’t know about it today, doesn’t mean it used to be that way, so I found one of the oldest folklore books that I could find in hopes that Lycan were mentioned, and they were. I just haven’t had the chance to read it yet, but I’d bet that it talks about how to create them.”  
I tore through the book till I found the section, and began reading all that I could, and Leon moved to over my shoulder so he could read it to... 
Lycans can be created by two Lycans breeding, as well as biting a non-Lycan, similar to how a vampire is created.

“The fuck,” Leon muttered as he read what I did. “Are you thinking what I am?”  
“That they are creating a Lycan army? Yea, that’s exactly what I’m thinking.”  
“What about Grace?” Leon asked.  
“What do you mean?” I asked with a frown.  
“Do you think they want her so bad because they created her?”  
“No...” I said slowly, thinking it over. “No, I don’t think so. I think her Alpha genes are just stronger than Kinsley’s. The witch said the Grace could shift since birth, so that wouldn’t make sense. And why bound her if you made her?”  
“Yea, okay. That makes sense.” Leon nodded. “I didn’t get a good look at the bookstore clerk, but maybe they didn’t just kill her in cold blood... Maybe they turned her...”  
“Like maybe they were in neutral territory for recruits?” I frowned. This was getting more sinister by the moment.  
“It’s an option...” Leon said slowly. “I need some air. Let’s go to the garden, no one should be out there this time of night.”  
I agreed, my mind reeling. There was so much that we did not understand, and it was all happening right under our noses. I hated how out of control everything felt.  
We walked the gardens till dawn, just trying to piece it all together and come up with our own plan till the sun started to rise. My body was exhausted, but my mind didn’t seem any less settled even after hours of talking to my best friend about it.  
“So, what are you going to tell Grace?” Leon asked with a yawn, exhaustion seeping from him in the same way it was me.  
“Tell Grace?” I asked, not understand what he meant.  
“Yea,” Leon looked at me like I was dumb. “You need to tell her everything you know or suspect so that she can make informed decisions too. Our plan revolves around her help, she deserves to know what she’s getting into, and she may even offer her own ideas and thoughts to make it more secure.”  
“You know, if you weren’t my best friend, I’d never allow you to talk to me like that,” I grumbled.  
“If I wasn’t your best friend, you’d be in a heap of more trouble than you are now. I suggest you tell your mate everything.”  
“Okay, fine.” I sighed. “But she doesn’t accept herself yet. We have a lot of work to do.” 
“Then we help her figure it out.” Leon said confidentially as he placed his hand on my shoulder.  
I nodded. I would do everything I could to make sure Grace knew she held all the power, so she could finally start to believe in herself.
###Chapter 73: Rhys
Leon and I walked back to the packhouse in silence. I never really liked making plans about anything outside of my office, but if we hadn’t gone to the garden, I fear we would have fallen asleep a long time ago.  
“Is Grace okay after everything that happened?” Leon asked when we made it the stairs where we’d separate for a while.  
“I mean, no. Not really. She was about as good as she can be. But I’m hoping that with a good night’s sleep, she will feel a bit better today. She’s worried I won’t accept her if she’s a Lycan, but I have no way to prove that I will until she’s unbound and becomes a Lycan.” I told him.  
“Just keep being there and supporting her. She’ll come around.” Leon smiled. “I’m going to go sleep for a couple of hours as long as the girls let me, then I’ll be ready to work some more.”  
“Thanks. See ya later.” I said. I wanted to say something about Heather, but what could I say? It was my fault I let my brother’s behavior go on as long as it had.     
I made my way upstairs, lost in my thoughts, but also exhausted. I knew I needed to talk to Grace, but a part of me wanted to sleep for a few more hours.  
When I opened the door to our room, I was surprised to see Grace was awake, sitting up in our bed, wrapped in a blanket, her fingers taping anxiously on the pillow.  
“Hi,” I said in surprise.  
“Hi.” She said, looking up at me, and I hated that I could see the anxiety in her eyes. “Where were you? You’ve been gone a while.”  
“I’m sorry, love,” I kissed her forehead, kicked off my shoes and joined her in the bed. “I didn’t mean to be gone so long. I couldn’t sleep, so I went to talk to Arlo and then I went to see Ethan because I thought he might know something, and then I went to Leon because I needed to talk some things out, and we’ve been in the garden for the last few hours trying to come up with a plan.” 
“You could have talked to me...” She said with a frown, so I leaned over and pecked her lips.  
“That’s why I’m here now, my love.” I told her. “Because we have a lot to discuss. I’m sorry I didn’t realize you were awake yet. I would have come back sooner, if I had realized.”  
“It’s fine,” She sighed, relaxing into my touch as I caressed her face. “What did you learn?”  
“Well, I suppose the biggest thing I need to tell you is we think we figured out part of Kinsley and Adrian’s plan. We discovered that you don’t have to be born to be a Lycan, all it takes is a bite, similar to vampires. We think they might be creating an army of Lycans.”  
“Oh god, that’s a terrifying,” Grace gasped, burying her head into my shoulder. “If my pack was Lycan already though, where are they getting people from?”  
“We were thinking about that too. Obviously, there are some werewolves who were among your pack, and since Adrian married in and they combined pack, I’m not sure if he was Lycan before or if he was changed and brought his whole pack to change.” I explained, choosing my words carefully. “We also think that might have been why they were in neutral territory yesterday. Perhaps they were trying to get new recruits.”  
“Are they giving new recruits a choice or are they just forcing it?” She asked quietly as she touched her neck in memory of what they had once taken from her.  
“I’m not sure, my love,” I whispered, feeling unsure as I took her hand in mine as we laid there just looking at each other. “I think that might be why they are so intent on getting you back... You’re a true Lycan. The newly created Lycans might be feeling resentful toward Adrian and Kinsley and would need a true leader, which would be you. You were born Lycan, and a leadership role of that sort would fit you perfectly.  
“No,” She said firmly, refusing to look at me. “I am not made to be a leader. I don’t even think I’m fit to be a Luna of any sort, let alone your Luna. No one in their right mind would want me to be a leader of any sort.”  
“Gracie, you are beyond powerful. You have endured more than anyone should ever have to. You should embrace your strength and who you are.”  
She stood up, taking me by surprise, and I sat up wondering what just happened.  
“I am not meant to be a leader.” She repeated, her voice shaking with something I didn’t understand. “I’m going to get breakfast. I’ll see you later.”  
And then she was gone. I sighed. I didn’t know what I had done wrong, but Leon and Sawyer’s past words of be patient with her were screaming at me and my wolf who was howling at the way she left.  
I laid there for a while, waiting for her to come back, but she didn’t. So, I made my way down to the dining room, but she was long gone. I tried to ask if anyone had seen where she went, but no one seemed to know. I checked the garden because I knew it was her favorite place, but I didn’t see her there or any of her usual spots. I eventually mindlinked Sawyer to find her and keep an eye on things from a distance and made my way to my office.  
I attempted to get some work done for a while, every now and again dozing off at my desk. I kept checking in with Sawyer on Grace, but he said she was avoiding everyone and just sort of pacing.  
When it was finally deemed late enough for dinner, I made my way up to the floor I shared with Grace and Sawyer. I knew with her being in the mood she was in, she wouldn’t want to eat downstairs, and it was no surprise when she walked in with her plate in her hand, mumbling to herself.  
“Grace? Are you alright?” I asked.  
She startled, looking up at me with wide eyes as her plate hit the counter and snapped right in her hands.  
“Oh.” She looked down and then at me.  
“Sorry, my love, I thought you realized I was here.” I told her as I got up to help with the mess.  
My heart began to race when I noticed her hand was bleeding. I grabbed her hand in mine and began to ask, “Are you al-”  
But I didn’t finish my sentence as her hand began to heal itself immediately right before our eyes.  
She looked up at me, stunned, and I knew I mirrored her expression.  
“I’ve never seen a wound heal like that.” I told her as I grabbed a piece of ceramic and cut my own hand, causing her to gasp, but I wasn’t worried as my skin began to close the same way hers had. “See? The healing is proof of your Alpha lineage, Grace. You are so much more than they ever wanted you to believe.”
###Chapter 74: Grace
I had avoided Rhys all day, and just when I was starting to get my feet back on the ground, everything was becoming topsy-turvy again! What was happening? My hand was just healing right before my eyes! And the Rhys’ did the same thing!  
“What the hell?!” I whispered.  
“I’m telling you, Gracie,” Rhys whispered. “You are magnificent.”  
“I don’t understand,” I looked at Rhys in shock. “I’ve never healed like this. I’ve had injuries my whole life, I’ve been beaten nearly to death on more than one occasion, and I’ve never once healed like this or like at all.. This has to be the mate bond or something.”  
“The mate bond might have strengthened you, Grace, but this is all you, baby girl. You probably didn’t heal properly before for several reasons,” He explained with a little bit of awe in his voice. “You were frequently injured at a high frequency. But now, your body has adjusted. You’ve been able to heal naturally. You’ve been able to rest and build your strength back up. And with that, and maybe me marking you, your Lycan seems closer to the surface, just waiting to break free of the bonds.”  
I pondered his words. They made sense, but they also made me anxious. “But I don’t want to break free of my binds” I told Rhys unable to hide the fear from my voice.  
“I’m not so sure that’s going to be a choice, my love.” He said.  
He then gently ran his thumb over my check, and leaned into his touch, suddenly feeling guilty for avoiding him all day. He had just been trying to be supportive, and I had run. To be fair, I had never had anyone be supportive before, and it made me panic a little bit. But he was here and he was trying. He wasn’t the big scary Alpha King to me anymore. He was just Rhys. My Rhys.  
“I should clean up this mess,” I said after a long moment when I realized we were standing on broken ceramics and my dinner.  
“No, I’ll call someone to clean it-up, and I’ll have them bring you another plate.” He answered, guiding me away from the mess and to a chair at the countertop.  
“I’m not really -” I started, but Rhys cut me off.  
“You need to eat Grace.”  
“But-”  
“No. We need you to keep gaining your strength. We only just got started earlier on what I wanted to talk about earlier, but I don’t want to overload you if you need more time to process. I just unfortunately don’t think we have a lot of it to take.”  
I took a deep breath and closed my eyes. I could do this. I could be whatever Rhys needed. It was only fair to try and be what he needed me to be.  
“Okay,” I said finally. “Okay, I am ready...”  
“Are you sure? Because it can wait another day if you need a little more time.”  Rhys offered.  
“No, I’ll let you know if I need time.” I said more confidently than I felt. “Please go ahead.”  
“Okay, well as you know Leon and I were up most of the night trying to come up with a plan to counter against Adrian and Kinsley. And I believe that our first step is to call a meeting reveal your true identity to the Kingdom.” 
“My true identity?” I frowned. “I don’t understand.”  
“You are an Alpha’s daughter, you are my mate, you are Lycan. You deserved better than you got, but it won’t be until we tell everyone your story that you start to truly get your revenge on all those who have hurt you like you told me you wanted the other day.”  
I hesitated. A part of me knew he was right, but I wasn’t sure I was ready for that. It was a huge step and would probably be the biggest I’ve taken other than maybe talking again. On the other hand, I also knew Rhys wouldn’t be asking, if he didn’t think it was necessary.   
“Okay, if you think that’s the best next step, let’s do it.”  
Rhys smiled and kissed my lips, as one of the servant girls, Claudia, brought in a tray of food, and began to clean up the mess I had made earlier.  
“Thank you, Grace. I will have Leon send out invites tonight for tomorrow in neutral territory.”  
“Tomorrow? Why so soon?” I felt my nerves flutter again as I stared at the plate in front of me, once again no longer hungry.  
“The sooner the better,” Rhys stated firmly. “They seem to be ten steps ahead of us, we need to start making up ground.”  

The rest of the evening went without a hitch. We finished dinner and fell into bed exhausted. I couldn’t imagine how tired Rhys must have been after not sleeping, but I was glad to know that he would be with me all night this time. When our alarms went off, it still felt too early. Rhys arranged for Alana to come and help me get ready, and before I knew it, we were off to the same place I hated just a few days ago, only this time, Rhys was with me. 
“You look like you’re going to throw up, Grace,” Rhys teased slightly, his face filled with amusement. 
“I just might.” I told him, my nerves getting the better of me. “I don’t think I can do this,” I told him as the streets started to become busier, and the meeting hall closer. 
“I will be right there with you the whole time.” He said sincerely as he took my hand in his. “Do you know what you want to do about your brother yet?”  
My frown deepened. We had talked about Ethan for a little while last night before bed, and Rhys had told me that Ethan had asked for his freedom, so he could help protect me. The sentiment was sweet, but I didn’t know what I wanted when it came to him. Rhys had been honest too, saying that he wasn’t sure what he would do in my position, nor did he fully trust him. I mean, I hardly knew the guy, so it was hard for me to think of him as family, even if he was.  
“I don’t know.” I answered after a long moment as the car slowed down, approaching a large building that looked very out of place surrounded by so many tall buildings.  
“Are you ready?” He asked as he gave my hand a gentle squeeze.  
“Ready as I’ll ever be.” I answered.  
But I regretted my answer as soon as we entered the meeting hall. There were so many more people here than what I expected. For a last-minute call, over 90% of our pack, and 70% of the surrounding allied packs had showed up so far. My heart began to race, and I felt my hands begin to get sweaty, and I clung to Rhys like he was a lifeboat. This was terrifying, and we hadn’t even started yet...
###Chapter 75: Grace
Rhys pulled me along through the meeting hall and up onto the small stage, and I did my best to walk with confidence even if it was fake. Rhys needed me to keep my head up during this, so I would do my best not to disappoint him.  
I breathed a sigh of relief when Sawyer joined us at the front, standing just off to the side, but near enough that I could feel his presence. It was nice to know no matter what happened here tonight, I had a friend here.  
“Good evening, everyone!” Rhys had all eyes on him as he called the meeting to a start. “I am grateful that so many of you were able to make this meeting on such short notice. I know that many of you are wondering why I have called you here today...”  
I did my best not to fidget but I tuned out whatever Rhys was saying. I could practically feel the eyes of every woman in the room boring into me, and it made me want to squirm even more. They hated me, but they didn’t even know me. We hadn’t even told my story yet. We hadn’t had the chance to help them understand where I was coming from. I was just the girl with the guy who everyone thought was going to get left or killed just like all the other girls who had come before me. The thought sent another wave of nausea through me.  
“And without further ado,” Rhys place his hand on the small of my back, bringing me back to the now, “I’d like to introduce, my newly marked mate, Grace Cairstairs!”  
I took a tiny step forward and gave the best smile I could and gave a small wave. The crowd erupted into cheers and applause. I took step back into Rhys arms, and I heard him whisper in my ear, “I’m so proud of you”. And for a moment, I felt like I was on top of the world. For a moment, it was like I was finally being seen. But then I remembered that in another few moments, I really would be seen, and I worried how the people would take it.  
“Thank you everyone for your encouragement, I know it’s been a long time coming,” Rhys laughed, and the audience laughed with him. My goddess, he was a natural public speaker. He had the crowd in the palm of his hand, and there were a lot of them. “We have kept things fairly quiet since we met, but I wanted you all to be the first to know. Now does anybody have any questions?”  
“How did you guys meet?” Someone called out. A little bit nosey of a question, but I knew Rhys had been banking on someone asking it, so he could setup what was to come next.  
“Well, that is a large part of why we are here today. Grace and I met under some rather unfortunate circumstances, and this story has moments where it is hard to tell, but we are here to tell it.” He then lifted my hand to his lips and gave it a gentle kiss; the women around were swooning! “Grace is from the Red Blood pack who betrayed her. She was treated like a slave in her own home. She was tortured both emotionally and physically. And in any pack, we would find this unacceptable and disgusting. However, Grace was not just a pack member, she was the daughter of Alpha Andrew!”  
Murmurs of surprise filled the room, and it took all I had not to just run away.  
“I thought Alpha Andrew’s daughter was Kinsley?” Someone asked.  
“That’s what I heard too!” Someone else added, and I felt sick by how many people were saying they knew of Kinsley.  
“Kinsley is the daughter of Alpha Andrew and his mate, Luna Ava. However, Alpha Andrew had an affair and kept a mistress on the side. Her name was Louanne, and Grace is the daughter of Louanne and Alpha Andrew.” Rhys explained calmly, but I didn’t feel calm. This was crazy. I should have never agreed to do this.  
“How come nobody has ever heard of Alpha Andrew having another child?” Someone else shouted out.  
“Well, Louanne died shortly after Grace’s birth. After that, unfortunately, Grace was not treated like the daughter of the family. She was a stain on their perfect family. Her powers were bound repeatedly, and she was enslaved by her so-called family. She was subjected to horrible conditions, daily beatings, and once I assume she was old enough, marked against her own will by a coward that I will one day find.” Rhys growled. The anger and bitterness in his voice to what had happened to me was enough to make me fall in love with him all over again.  
A silence fell over the crowd, and they were all waiting for Rhys to continue with bated breaths, unsure about what they were going to hear next.  
“You should be absolutely outraged at all of this. Nobody should ever be treated like that, let alone by your own family. She may not have been their heir, but she deserved better. Grace has been able to overcome so much, and I got lucky that I visited when I did, and she walked in that room I was in. I was able to get her out, and she has been working on healing outside of the public eye, and we kindly request you allow her to continue. But there is something else you should know. The Red Blood pack, despite what the pretend are not werewolves, they are a creature called, Lycan. And I think that it is important for you to know that Grace is also a Lycan.” 
There was a murmur among the crowd again, but this time, the looks I was getting were more sympathetic and sadder, instead of outright cold. Rhys gave my hand a squeeze, and I had to fight back the tears that flooded my eyes when Beta Leon and Arlo stepped forward in support.  
“A Lycan? I’ve never heard of that!”  
“Me either!” 
I began to feel nauseous again as Rhys explained the short version of what we knew about Lycans which sadly, wasn’t really a ton.  
“That sounds terrifying.” Someone called out. “How do we know she’s not a threat to the Kingdom?!”  
“I assure you, there is nothing to be concerned about.” Rhys responded cooly. “I would never bring a mate into my pack or the kingdom who was going to harm my people or do damage to the pack in anyway. And anyone who questions my decision, I will not tolerate dissent!”
###Chapter 76: Grace
The crowd seemed to hear Rhys’ words and took them seriously. No one else dared to question him about me and my place here, at least not now anyway. I was touched by how quickly he came to my defense, and how absolute he had been with his words. He made me want to learn everything even quicker, so that I could become the absolute best Luna.

Rhys nodded to me before continuing. “I am grateful to have Grace by my side and cannot wait to see what good she does for this kingdom. In honor of my recent mating, we will celebrate by having a pack hunt in two days!” 
The crowd cheered again, but I still felt apprehensive. This was now, but what if when they learned what was happening in the Blood Moon pack they turned on me? I wasn’t them, but would others be able to see that? 
Instead of sinking in these feelings though, I smiled and waved at the crowd as Rhys led me back to the car, his hand on the small of my back, tucking me in close to him which I appreciated. Being with Rhys made it easier to face just about everything... I just had to block from my head that just a few streets away, I had been nearly kidnapped, witnessed a friend get her, and saw a dead body. Yea, easy peasy to just block it from my head. Ugh Grace, why did you have to go there? I yelled at myself. 
Rhys opened the car door and helped me in before following behind me. I was grateful that we hadn’t driven ourselves, and that Sawyer was our driver, Rhys didn’t trust anyone else right now, minus maybe Leon. 
“I think that went well,” Leon stated once the car was moving. 
I nodded, “I agree.” 
“I actually expected more pushback,” Rhys admitted, “But I’m glad it wasn’t as bad as I thought it would be. I mean, you’ve been around the pack for a couple months now, so a lot of people at the very least have seen you around. And I’ve never even considered introducing anyone to the pack before, no one ever felt right, but when it comes to you, Grace, I want to scream it from the rooftops.” 
“That would be very unlike you,” I smiled at his dramatics. 
“You make me feel like a new person,” He kissed my hand gently. “I promise to never abandon you, Grace. You are stuck with me for life. All I want to do is go home and rip these clothes off of you and spend the rest of the day in our room.” 
His kisses trailed up my arm, and I felt my worries melt away a little, but I still had one foot set in reality. 
“Don’t we have things to do?” I attempted to remind him. 
“No.” Rhys answered. “Nothing important.” 
I laughed because we both knew that wasn’t true, but we were enjoying this moment to ourselves. 
“Rhys?” Sawyer’s voice rang from the intercom system in the car, since the dark divider was up. 
Rhys groaned in annoyance, but he answered back, “Yes?” 
“Hate to interrupt, but Allison is standing on the side of the road, waving us down.” 
Rhys rolled his eyes but told Sawyer to pullover just the same before getting out of the car and marching toward her. 
I wasn’t sure if I was supposed to follow or not but sitting in the car alone felt unsettling. 
“What’s wrong, Allison?” Rhys asked, but there was a sense of boredom or lack of care in his voice that as his mate, I appreciated. 
“What’s wrong? What’s wrong?!” She asked, her voice hysterical. “What’s wrong is that you decided to take a monster as your mate!” 
Rhys’ face immediately transformed into anger, but he was attempting to keep his cool. 
“As I stated earlier,” Rhys said coldly, “Any dissent will not be tolerated. Grace is my mate. I have marked Grace. Grace is an amazing person, who does not need your doubts. Any move against Grace will be considered treason against the Kingdom, so I would tread carefully if I was you.” 
“Rhys, you are making a mistake!” She tried to grab his arm, but he shook her off and looked at her like she was vermin. 
“This is your last warning, Allison. I will not be so lenient next time.” He then turned to me and forced a small smile. “Come on Grace, let’s go home.” 
I took his offered hand, unsure of how I felt. There was something about Allison that didn’t sit well with me. She was clearly not the kind of girl who was used to not getting her way, but how far would she go? Sawyer and Leon had both been worried for me when she had come back. I hadn’t seen her since that first day, but was I being too naive? Should I be worried for my own safety within the pack? I realized that Allison had personal reasons to hate me, but did others even need a reason? 
The rest of the car ride was spent in silence, both of us just lost in our own thoughts. Everything just felt like it was spinning out of control, but in reality, nothing had been in my control in a very long time, if ever. 
“Oh good, your back!” Arlo exclaimed happily when we walked in. “Come, I have something to show you.” 
We waited for Sawyer and Leon to join us, then followed Arlo back to his cottage in the woods, and I wondered what this was all about and why he was so excited about it. 
Rhys and I sat at the table, my hand in his, but otherwise, we didn’t say anything, and Sawyer and Leon as Arlo rushed around looking for something. 
“So, you said something in the meeting that really caught my attention. You stated that Lycan’s are similar to wolves but are bi-pedal and more or less one and the same, just in a different form. And it reminded me of an ancient text I have somewhere...” He trailed off for a moment and all we heard was shuffling before he said, “Ah there it is,” and an old dusty leather-bound book was place on the table. 
“I don’t understand,” Rhys said as Arlo frantically flipped through it. “Does this book have something to do with Lycans?” 
“I read this book many years ago when I was writing my own book about pack history. It doesn’t explicitly say anything about Lycans, but somewhere in here, it mentions, “wolf-humans”. I had chalked it up to legends before, but now, knowing that their real, I’m sure that there is more information in here.” He paused for a moment, frustrated that he couldn’t find the section he was looking for. “However, there is a story about a wolf-human who was repeatedly bound, and they died on the third binding. That was the most that have ever been done according to history...” 
He found the page at that moment, and looked up at me, looking me dead in the eye before saying, “So theoretically, Grace, you should be dead.”
###Chapter 77: Grace
My heart hammered in my chest. Dead? I should be dead? They hated me that much that they wanted me dead? I mean, I guess much was obvious but still... Did they know this when they did bound me?  
Rhys squeezed my hand and gave me a worried look.  
“Binding someone is considered the harshest form of punishment there is for a wolf.” Arlo continued. “It is not something that should ever be done lightly, but this text does talk about the several times that it was done. I should have realized that it wasn’t just legend when I was bound myself, but I didn’t think anything of it.”  
I felt dizzy. There was so much information coming at me so fast these days, I felt so overwhelmed. My mother really was so afraid of me that she had me bound several times? She had really risked the life of her child like that? And how old was the person who had died? If it was the harshest punishment, then they must have been old enough to have done something really bad... And I had been just a child... A baby the first two times... Did my mother know the risks? Or had she been so panicked that her child could shift at birth that she did the only thing she thought would protect me?   
“But Grace is alive and overall healthy.  In fact, this is the healthiest I think she’s ever been, and she’s been bound at least 3 times.” Sawyer argued, his lips tight with disagreement. 
“And I literally watched her heal last night when she cut herself.” Rhys added. “There must be more to it. She doesn’t seem like she’s dying.”  
Arlo raised his hands in defense. “I am just telling you what I remember reading, it’s been a long time, but I still remember that part of the book pretty vividly because I found it fascinating, but I didn’t read the whole section.”  
“I don’t find the death of my mate fascinating.” Rhys responded coldly.  
“I didn’t mean it like that,” Arlo said looking flustered. “I just meant-”  
“We know you didn’t,” Sawyer intervened shooting a glare at his brother, and I was glad he was protecting Arlo, but I also hated how they were talking about me like I wasn’t even here. “It just this doesn’t make any sense. Maybe her bindings weren’t complete?”  
“Or maybe when I marked her it counteracted something?” Rhys suggested hopefully.  
“Should I be worried about dying?” I asked, feeling the panic inside me rising. 
“I’m not sure,” Arlo stated, uncertainly. “I’ll have to do more research, when I read this before. I was researching something completely different.”  

“Why didn’t you tell us you had information on Lycans before?” Rhys snapped in frustration, grabbing the book. “We’ve been blind this whole time.”  
“I didn’t know you were needing Lycan information until you revealed at the meeting today that Grace was one.” Arlo defended. “If I had known I would have started to research it earlier. I always assumed that these stories were folklore legends. I didn’t know there was any truth to any of them.”  
“Seriously,” I could barely contain my anxiety anymore. My heart felt like it was going to beat out of my chest. “Should I be worried that I am going to die?”  
“Grace...” Rhys reached for me, but I pulled away.  
“Somebody tell me I’m not going to die.” I panicked.  
“I’m afraid no one knows,” Arlo said sadly, but he looked unsure of his answer.  
“Grace, we’ll figure it out...” Rhys got out of his chair and moved toward me.  
But I didn’t want him to touch me. I had come so close to death so many time. I had been tortured and beaten to within an inch of my life on more than one occasion. I had been starved and had no one to care for me. I couldn’t believe I was going to die from something that had happened to me as a baby! 
“I need some air!” I exclaimed, dodging Rhys and heading straight out the door, hoping the chill of the evening would be enough to settle my brain.  
“You!”  
I had been so lost in my thoughts, that I hadn’t noticed Allison at the end of Arlo’s driveway till she yelled. Great. The last thing I needed was for her to make a scene. The last several days have been enough. I didn’t need this too. 
“What?” I snapped at her.  
“You bitch! How could Rhys choose you?! You are nothing! You aren’t pretty. You don’t talk much. Nobody knows who you are! Your last pack treated you like dirt, I don’t know understand how you are his mate! I have done everything for him!”  
“You are asking the wrong person,” I tried to brush it off, but her words felt like she was taking a knife to my chest and digging out my heart. “I don’t know why he chose me, but it doesn’t matter anyway.” I told her as my mind returned to my potential dying. 
“You are not worthy of the Alpha King!” Allison stated as she got closer, so she was practically in my face. “You are nothing. You are less than nothing. And I suggest you leave him if you know what’s fucking good for you.” She sneered.  
I didn’t know what to say. Everything she said made sense. Rhys kept trying to tell me that I was powerful. That I was something more than I was allowing myself to be. But maybe that wasn’t true. Maybe those things were only what he wanted me to be, and I would never be able to be that for him.  
Tears flooded my eyes. Allison was perfect. She was gorgeous. She was strong. She was powerful. She had no fear, and I was trying not to let her see that I was terrified of her. I knew she was trying to be intimidating, and that was her who gimmick. But just because I knew it, didn’t change how it made me feel, especially when she was right. I was nothing. I was nothing.
###Chapter 78: Grace
A part of me hated Allison. She was infuriating to me. Here I was doubting myself, but in reality, I should be doubting her. She had no right to say those things to me. She had absolutely no right at all to even be talking to me. She had heard Rhys’ warning. She was risking her own neck, and it was not my problem... At least it wasn’t until she made it mine.  
“You know what?!” I shouted back at her, “At least I don’t have to snoop around in hopes of the Alpha King’s attention!”  
“What’s going on here?” Sawyer’s familiar voice called out as he exited Arlo’s house. “Are you alright, Grace?”  
“I’m fine.” I bit out angrily, mad he interrupted whatever showdown we had been in the middle of.  
“She’s not worth it, Grace.” Sawyer sighed, wrapping his arm around me casually. “Allison do not let me catch you anywhere near Grace ever again. My brother was not kidding earlier. He will not tolerate disrespect toward his mate. And he will not tolerate you challenging him about his mate. He made his choice. You should accept it and move on.” 
“But Sawyer, you know how he is-”  
Sawyer raised his hand, stopping her from whatever she was going to say next. “You do not know him, Allison. You do not get to pretend to know him. I do not care what you have to say. Now, if you have any self-respect left, you will leave.”  
“Allison, what are you doing here?” Leon demanded as he also came out of the house.  
“I was just-”  
“You know what? I don’t care. You need to leave.” Leon snapped as he looked at me and Sawyer.  
“But Leon-”  
“I don’t want to hear it. Leave. Now.”  
She pouted and stomped her foot, but Sawyer and Leon didn’t buy into whatever her little temper tantrum was trying to do. When she realized she wasn’t going to get her way, she flipped her hair over her shoulder, shot us a glare, and started to trek back down the driveway. 
“Are you alright?” Sawyer asked again now that our audience was gone.  
“I don’t know.” I answered honestly, but I was glad to have him as a friend in my life.  
“Come on, let’s go back to the packhouse, maybe if we sit in the garden for a little while you’ll be able to sort your thoughts and feel better.”  
I nodded and let him guide me back to the packhouse.  
“You know, I hate Allison too,” He confessed when we were almost back to the house.  
“You do?” I asked in surprise.  
“Oh yea,” Sawyer laughed. “Of all the girls that my brother has dated or attempted to make his wife, I actually hated her the most. I’m honestly not quite sure why. I could never pick a specific incident. But there’s just something about her. How entitled she is. It’s like she knows how to say the right things, but not do the right things.”  
“Like she’s just saying what she thinks you want to hear?” I tried to clarify.  
“Yea, exactly,” Sawyer smiled as we plopped down in me and Sawyer’s favorite spot in the garden. “I didn’t necessarily mind her when she was actually with my brother, but her behavior over the years has become too much. She always showed up whenever Rhys brought home a new girl. I guess that was a blessing in disguise now because it led him you, but man she was always the first to point out that something was wrong with them. She ‘helped’ Rhys figure things out, but I always wondered if she didn’t set them up. I wish he would have just killed her like he did the others.”  
That was a wild wish. I’m not sure that I wished her dead, but I definitely did not get good vibes from her.  
“Well, I might be dead anyway soon, so I guess she’ll win this round without any effort,” I said bitterly.  
“Hey, don’t lose hope now,” Leon comforted. “Rhys and Arlo are researching your situation, and I’m sure they will come up with something to at the very least try.”  
I nodded and we sat in silence for a while until Sawyer got a mindlink saying they needed him at the clinic.  
I was grateful that Leon stayed with me, but I also felt bad. I felt like I was wasting his time. But honestly, I didn’t care.  
“I know you’re scared, Grace,” Leon said gently once it was just us. “But when I met you, you were in much worse shape than you are now. When we met, I was convinced that maybe you were going to die. But now? Now, you aren’t frail anymore and I’m not worried you’re going to break. You are so much stronger than you give yourself credit for. And it sucks because you were given a shit hand, but you have healed and recovered far more than I ever thought possible. I think maybe you’re suppressed abilities are stronger than the bonds, and that’s why you aren’t dead yet. We know nothing about the person who died, and maybe they were strong too, but you have a power that I haven’t seen in anyone else, and maybe it has helped you survive.”  
I pondered over his words. I hadn’t thought about it in terms of strength like that. I didn’t think I was very strong, but people kept telling me that my powers were strong enough to break bonds, and blah blah blah. Maybe those words had some merit... 
“Do you think Ethan would know anything about this?” I asked, remembering that there was someone that might have some answers about something.  
“He hasn’t mentioned it before, but if anyone has some first-hand knowledge, it would be him.” Leon answered.  
“Can I go see him?”  
Leon immediately mindlinked Rhys and Rhys must have said okay because next thing I knew we were headed to the dungeons to see Ethan.  
Ethan was reading a book in his cot when Leon opened the cell door, and moved my chair and his into the cell.  
“Grace,” Ethan said in surprise and awe when he saw me. “I didn’t think you would ever come back. You look upset. What can I do for you?”  
“I should be dead, right?” I blurted my question out. 
Ethan frowned, and Leon immediately went on to explain what I was talking about, so I didn’t have to.  
“So, you’re worried that you are going to die or that you should be dead?” Ethan asked for clarification.  
“Both, I guess.” I confessed.  
“Well,” Ethan said after a long moment. “Theoretically, when you were bound after the 1st time, yes, there was a potential you could die, and each time after that the potential grew. With multiple bindings the way you received and as young as you received them, you should have died. But miraculously, you didn’t.”  
“Who else could have bound Grace, besides Sandra?” Leon wondered aloud, but I only half listened as Ethan said he didn’t have much interaction with witches. They tended to keep to themselves unless you were looking for them, which was pretty much the same information we already knew.   
“I just don’t understand the purpose of repetitive bindings,” Leon said in frustration, bringing me back to the conversation. “Why wasn’t she just killed if she was that feared, or they wanted to punish her that bad?”  
“Maybe they needed her to continue the Alpha bloodline... To use her to bear the next generations of Alphas.”  
Rhys’ voice startled me, but his words scared me even more....
###Chapter 79: Grace
I stared at my mate in shock, and Leon shared my expression. To my surprise, Ethan wasn’t shocked which for some reason gave more validity to Rhys’ words to me.  
“Why would you think that?” I asked when I finally found my voice.  
“Well, I guess I’ve been kind of thinking it for a while, but Kinsley and Adrian are childless, and have been for a while, right?” Rhys questioned.  
I looked at him not exactly sure where this was going, but I squeaked out a yes all the same.  
“That’s what I thought.” Rhys nodded to himself. “That part sort of adds up. I’m not sure Kinsley knew or was a part of completely. But we know that as much as they despised you, they also feared you. As everyone here knows, a child is crucial to securing an Alpha’s position. Your powers, Grace, surpass Kinsley’s and they know it. I even think Adrian may have gone as far as putting that mark I replaced on your neck there in an attempt to use you later for this purpose.”  
I touched my neck subconsciously. Adrian and Kinsley were cruel, but would they have gone that far? Would they really have forced me to bear Adrian’s kids? Deep down I knew the answer, but I didn’t want to believe it at all.  
“But why wait?” Leon asked with disgust in his voice which I appreciated. “If that was their plan, Grace unfortunately has been at the perfect age for several years now. Why not take advantage of her then and start producing heirs?”  
I wondered the same thing. Parts of this were adding up while others weren’t.  
“Well, my guess is, Adrian tried one night, Grace fought back, and he got scared to try again,” Rhys shrugged. “But I’m fairly sure at this point he’s the one who forced his mark on Grace - I just need a confession – he threw his beta at us far too quickly as if that was his plan the whole time if he ever got caught. “  
The made sense. The day of the tea incident hadn’t sat well with me then and it still hadn’t made sense to me after all this time either. It had felt like the Beta was a scapegoat then, but I hadn’t realized for who.  
“Makes sense,” I grumbled, feeling a little sick from this new information.  
“It’s just a theory,” Rhys shrugged again, and moved to stand behind me, gently placing his hands on my shoulders.  
“Do you think Kinsley and Adrian were the ones behind my binds then?” I asked, already knowing the answer. 
“I think at the very least they organized them, yes, and probably from a fairly young age.” Leon said, his face showing he was lost in his thoughts. “They probably couldn’t do it themselves, unless they got a witch to teach them how, which I sort of doubt. Very few people I think would do what they were doing, and I think anyone who helped them would have a high price, but depending what Adrian and Kinsley offered them, it might be possible.”  
I nodded and leaned back against Rhys. I didn’t know what felt far-fetched and what felt real anymore.  
“My guess is that they were both Kinsley’s idea. It would be her way of trying to keep the truth from getting out, and still stay in power. She valued her Luna rule more than anything. She would do anything to keep it, and a child would secure that position.” Ethan added in, his voice also holding a level of disgust directed at Kinsley and Adrian.  
“If were simply theorizing,” Rhys added, squeezing my shoulders gently. “Especially if say, Kinsley and Adrian had more of a hand in the bindings than we originally thought, Grace, your blood connection with Kinsley might have held some good. It might have protected you somehow, like she couldn’t hurt you or something along those lines. It wouldn’t have been on a conscious level by either of you, but your subconscious.”  
“That makes sense,” Ethan nodded in agreement, and I found myself also agreeing.  
“Okay, so we have some potential, ‘motives’ and scenarios,” Leon said slowly, “But now we have to find a way to stop whatever else they had planned because I think we’re only scratching the surface of what their capable of.”  
The made me freeze... I had already known they were capable of terrible things, but everything we had discussed tonight was next level... What would happen if they found me? What would they do to me? Bind me again? Use me for their own army? Force me to give them a child?  
I didn’t want to imagine the horrors that were playing through my mind, but I needed to know...  
“So, I guess it’s safe to assume that they will come after me again?” There was no emotion in my voice, and I knew that scared Rhys when worry flooded through our bond, but it was simply the truth and there was nothing I could do about it.  
“Almost guaranteed.” Ethan said sadly, and my heart lurched for him. He hadn’t asked for any of this either. We were both just thrown into this awful situation. I could tell how bad it hurt him to be stuck down here, while I was free but not safe.  
“Don’t worry, Gracie,” Rhys gave me a small smile as he looked down at me. “I will do everything in my power to protect you. We will figure this out together...”  
“If you guys let me out, I’d be happy to help. We could set up a rotation or something for guards for Grace.” Ethan tried, looking at Rhys and I hopefully. “I promise, I will help in any way I can.”  
I felt my face redden, my palms go sweaty, and my heart began to hammer again when Rhys made the simple statement, that put all the pressure on me...  
“I’m not making that decision. It’s up to Grace.”
###Chapter 80: Grace
“It’s up to Grace,” rang in my head for several long moments. I didn’t want the pressure of this decision. I didn’t know what the right answer was. I could release my brother and then he could help us take down Kinsley. I mean, she didn’t know about him, right? He was supposed to be dead, kind of like me.
I wanted to so badly trust Ethan... I had never had a true family. I didn’t have a mom who would give me hugs. I didn’t have a dad who told me he was proud of me. I didn’t have a sister that I could share secrets with. But I had the chance now to have a brother that could care and could help. We could rewrite our own stories... 
“I suppose it wouldn’t be a bad thing for Ethan to be released so he can help us take down Kinsley without us having to come to this place...” I said nervously, turning to look at Rhys as the word left my mouth.  
Rhys raised his brow, but nodded, nonetheless as Ethan stood up, the joy on his face almost irreplaceably.  
“Well, it’s your lucky day, Ethan” Rhys stated loudly. “You can have your freedom. But this do not mistake our generosity for weakness. Let’s go get you settled.”  
“I won’t let you down, Grace,” Ethan bounced on the balls of his feet with excitement. 
“I know you won’t,” I smiled up at him, standing myself, ready to leave this place.  
“I’ll be watching you,” Ethan told Rhys as Rhys held the cell door open for us all. “You better not hurt my sister because if you do, you won’t like what happens.” Ethan threatened. 
“I can have you thrown right back in here at any time,” Rhys growled, and I placed my hand on his chest, instantly calming him down.  
I rolled my eyes at how easy it was to both rile Rhys up and settle him down.  
We were all chatting easily on our way back to the packhouse. For the first time in my entire life the conversation felt easy. I didn’t feel like I was trying super hard and we weren’t talking about anything actually important, we were just talking, and it was nice.  
I froze though when I saw her in our path. She had to be stalking us now because why else would she be on the path from the packhouse to the dungeon? I knew I was new here, but I knew enough to know that usually nobody but guards were ever in this area.  
“What’s wr-” Rhys started but the words died on lips.  
“Rhys!” Allison called out when she was close enough. “Darling what are you doing out here?”  
“We had business to attend to.” He answered coldly, wrapping his arm around me tightly. “What are you doing out here?” 
“I was looking for you. What are you doing with her?” She sneered, looking me up and down in disgust.  
“Well, she’s my mate,” Rhys responded. “I tend to like hanging out with her.”  
I smiled slightly despite myself. I liked hearing that Rhys liked to hang out with me.  
“Well, I can help you with business things,” Allison offered, but I was sure that she had never done an ounce of work in her life.  
“I’m good, thanks,” Rhys tried to guide us around her, but Allison stopped us.  
“Rhys, I’m worried about your safety!” Allison tried desperately, her body colliding slightly with mine, but Rhys moved me out of the way before I could even stumble.  
“My safety?” Rhys laughed, and I felt my brother inch closer to me and I was grateful. “I’m the Alpha King, which you seem to have forgotten.”  
“But what if she shifts and hurts you Rhys! I can’t help but think you aren’t thinking clearly about this! She is a monster!”  
“ENOUGH!” Rhys roared at her, letting his aura slip a bit. “Grace is my mate. I will not tolerate you disrespecting her! Do not challenge me or my decisions anymore or you will be sleeping in dungeons. Am I clear?!”  
She nodded and scurried off back toward the packhouse. We followed at a slower rate, and Rhys began giving new orders to everyone. He gave Ethan a room in the packhouse on the 2nd floor. And he told Leon to set up patrols in the city to see if we could uncover any new information or any clues about what they were up to. We didn’t really think we would find anything, but it was better than being sitting ducks.  
  Once those things were complete, Rhys and I headed to our room to get into comfier clothes since we hadn’t changed out of our meeting clothes yet. I fought another wave of nausea as I remembered what was waiting for me out in the city... My own sister wanted to use me for nefarious purposes. I couldn’t help but feel sick every time I thought about it.  
“Can you keep me in the loop about the pursuit of Adrian and Kinsley?” I finally got the courage to ask as we both began to change.  
Rhys looked at me in surprise but nodded his head. “Of course, Gracie. I don’t think it’s safe to keep you out of the loop at all. But as I said the other day, we are a team now, there are no more secrets.”  
“Okay... Then I want to ask something else.” I said nervously.  
“You can tell me anything, Grace.” He smiled at me, guiding me over to the bed and pulling us both down onto it.  
“When we do find them, I want to face them...”  
Rhys didn’t hide his surprise, but he didn’t like horrified like I thought he would.  
“Of course, Grace.” He agreed. “When we find them, you will be the first to know. And promise, you will get to decide their fate.”  
I nodded and curled up in the blankets. The nauseous feeling only seemed to grow, and I wondered if I was a bad person for wanting revenge on my own family? Did the darkness finally take over me? Was this what it felt like to be a monster?
###Chapter 81: Rhys
I could tell that Grace was upset by the way she curled up in the blankets, but over what I wasn’t quite sure. Guilt and ick flooded through the bond, and I thought about her questions, and wondered if they were related. 
I laid down next to her and combed my fingers through her hair and pulled her in close to me. “Why do you feel guilty my love? I’d much rather you talk to me than keep it locked inside.” I said after a few minutes. 
“Because I want them to be caught. I want them to be hurt like I was. And that makes me a bad person.”  
“Oh Gracie,” I sighed, knowing no matter what I said she wouldn’t believe me. “They tortured you. They hurt you in the worst of ways. Wanting revenge and wanting to lock them away or even have them killed, does not make you a bad person. It makes you a person who has been badly hurt, and who really wants to make sure it never happens again. And I will love and support you no matter what, and I will protect you with everything I have.”  
She sighed against me, clearly not believing me, and I didn’t think there was much I could say to get her to believe me. She would have to accept this part of her if she wanted peace. I couldn’t do it for her, even if I wanted to. It was never easy wrestling with who you were before and who you want to become or even who you are becoming. Grace had never known who she was before. She had always played people-pleaser, so anything that showed even a little bit of realness, it scared her. 
“I just don’t understand how this happened,” She confessed tiredly. “How could my own family do this sort of thing to me? I could maybe understand this from Kinsley. We were ‘battling’ for the same spot even if I didn’t know it. But my own mother? I was just a baby.”  
My heart broke for her. As much as I knew about her, I didn’t know much about her. I mean, it was hard because she didn’t really know who she was, but also no one had ever asked her how she was or what she needed. No one had really asked her about her life before now. And I wanted to know everything about her from her shoe size to her worst memory.  
“Did anyone ever tell you anything about your mother?” I asked carefully. In theory, her talking about everything would help her in the long run, but in the now, it might really suck.  
“I mean, yes and no.” She answered, looking up at me with her big blue eyes. “No one ever talked to me about my mother, but I definitely heard things. A lot of people said she was just searching for power, sleeping her way to the top. I heard that she purposefully got pregnant in an attempt to force the hand of my dad to choose. She wasn’t very well liked, but she also wasn’t hated either. It was more like, well if he had to have a mistress, she’s the right choice, if that makes any sense at all. I guess she had also once been decent friends with Luna Ava.”  
“Who took care of you once she died?” I asked curiously, realizing I had never asked.  
“Well, as an infant, it was the head maid, Kathy. I guess my mother specifically entrusted her with me. But once I was about 4, I was placed in the smallest room in the packhouse which I spent most of my time in, and then by the time I was maybe about 6, I was given chores by Kathy and expected to sort of earn my keep.”  
“Did Kathy ever truly care for you or give you any affection?” I asked with a frown.  
“Not really. Once I was old enough to get my own food and things, I was sort of left to my own devices. I only had a handful of outfits that all were fairly plain and matched each other. But to Kathy, I was just a job.”  
“Was there anyone who cared for you?” I asked trying to keep my anger in check.  
Grace sat up in the bed and I moved to sit up too.  
“Well, Luna Ava was always kind. She’s the only one who I ever remember giving me a hug.”  
“What about your dad?” My voice cracked slightly.  
“He was ashamed of me. He hated me with every fiber of his being, but there were times he wasn’t quite so cold, especially when Luna Ava was alive. But Luna Ava was something else. She was gentle and never harsh. My situation wasn’t as dire when she was alive. But when she died,” Grace’s voice broke a little, and tears filled her eyes, but she continued. “When she died, everything changed for the worst. I was accused of murdering her and thrown in the dungeons. I hadn’t even seen her that day, so I wasn’t sure how I got blamed. I was just grieving the only person who had ever been kind to me.”  
Grace’s tears began to stream down her face, and I couldn’t contain my rage anymore. I hated the way she was treated. Why had I taken so long to check in on this pack? Why hadn’t I seen the signs earlier that there was something odd going on?  
I hopped off the bed and punched the wall as hard as I could. My mate had not deserved any of the pain she had been subjected to! I took a deep breath and turned back toward Grace. Her startled face made me instantly regret my angry display.  
“I’m sorry, Gra-” But I stopped midsentence when I noticed her very pale face, and before I coud ask what was wrong, she fainted, nearly falling off the bed.  
Oh goddess, what have I done?!?! I grabbed her carefully and readjusted her more comfortably on the bed. Her skin was burning up. I swear it hadn’t been that warm when I was touch her a few minutes ago.  
“SAWYER!” I mindlinked in panic. “GET TO MY ROOM NOW!”  
“Grace, hunny, can you hear me?” I tried as I waited for Sawyer to get here. I grabbed a cool cloth and started to dab her head with it. 
“What happened?” Sawyer asked as he threw open the door breathlessly, his doctor bag in hand.  
“She just passed out and now she has a fever, and it all came on so suddenly.” I rushed the words out, not wanting to waste any time.  
“I thought we solved the effects of her old mark?” Sawyer asked as he began his examination. “This is nearly the exact reaction, but it shouldn’t be happening.”  
Grace began to squirm slightly and then all the sudden began the wretch. Blood spilled out of her mouth onto the floor and my shoes, and I realized just how fucking serious this was.  
“The hospital. Now.” Sawyer commanded, and I picked her up not wasting any time.  
Her eyes were still closed as she threw up more blood and drifted off again as we raced off to the hospital. I sat her on the bed and helped her sit up a bit as she threw up more blood. Sawyer continued his examination furiously.  
When he lifted her shirt to listen to her chest, we both saw it. There was a swollen bruise on her back.  
“Is that what I think it is?” I asked feeling sick.  
“One way to find out,” Sawyer bit out grabbing a large syringe and needle and extracting blackened blood from the center of the large bruise.  
“Yep.” Sawyer said in disgust and fear, “It’s wolf poison.”
###Chapter 82: Rhys
“Wolf poison?” I demanded. “Wolf poison?! How the hell did she get wolf poison in her system!”  
“Not now.” Sawyer bit out as he frantically began to search his bag for something. “Just shut up for a minute and let me find what I need!”  
I held Grace’s hand and tried to breathe. She was going to be okay. She had to be okay. There was no other option. I had been with her all afternoon. How could this have happened right under my nose? I had so many questions, but Sawyer needed me to be quiet, so all I could do was sit there and try to provide some comfort to my sweet Grace.  
All of the sudden there was blood coming from all of Grace’s facial orifices. Her eyes, her nose, her mouth were all pouring out blood. I grabbed a cloth and started trying to clean her up a little. But at this rate, she was going to bleed out before we could do anything.   
“I can help.” I offered in panic when he was taking too long. “What are we looking for?”  
“I have it,” Sawyer answered, pulling out a small vile, “But hand me those dried leaves that are next to you!”  
“These?” I asked as I picked up a small bag of dried herbs, my hand shaking slightly.  
“Yes.” Sawyer’s urgency didn’t help ease my worries.  
I handed Sawyer the herbs and he instantly began to mix them. It felt like forever before he was placing it in a syringe and attaching a needle to it. Goddess, I needed this to work. I needed Grace to be better.  
“Turn her so I can put it near the bruise,” Sawyer demanded.  
I did as he asked, and he injected her with the supposed antidote that I had no idea where he had even got.  
“Did it work?” I asked eagerly. I couldn’t seem to calm my racing heart. There was a feeling in the pit of my stomach telling me our troubles were only just beginning.  
“Only time will tell,” Sawyer answered, but the bleeding from her nose, mouth and eyes had already started to cease.  
“That’s a good sign, right?” I asked as I began to clean Grace’s face gently, so she wasn’t a bloody mess. I didn’t want her to wake up and be scared by the sight. 
“Yes -”  
But Sawyer never finished his sentence because Grace gasped once and then she stopped breathing.  
“Grace!” I screamed as Sawyer searched for a pulse. “WHAT DID YOU DO!”  
“Her heart stopped.” Sawyer said sadly after a minute. “I’m afraid there isn’t anything else I can do.”  
“Do CPR! Do something! Anything! You can’t just let her die!” I shouted at my brother.  
“The poison has reached her heart, Rhys, CPR won’t bring her back.” He explained, fighting tears himself. 
“Please!” I begged him. “Do something.”  
“Rhys-”  
A rattling sound came from Grace as tears filled my eyes. I wasn’t a big crier. As the Alpha King that wasn’t a choice. But losing Grace I feared would destroy me, and the tears would never stop. 
Grace sputtered and then another rattly breath came from her. Sawyer and I stared at her in shock. She had been dead not 30 seconds ago...  
“Check!” I shouted, but it was unnecessary, Sawyer already had his stethoscope to her chest, and his fingers on her wrist checking for her pulse. And I could see her chest rising and falling ever so slightly. Her breathing becoming stronger by the moment.  
“She’s stabilizing.” Sawyer said after a minute of listening to her chest. “Amazing. And not possible...” He then began to check all her vitals and hook her up to an IV and several other machines.  
I rested my hand against her cheek and realized that her fever had broken as well. I was no medical expert, but I had a feeling that this was more of a miracle than anything we had done. My girl was a survivor.  
“Grace, hunny, wake up. Please wake up.” I begged as Sawyer gently placed his hand on my shoulder.”  
“Let her rest. Her body has been through hell tonight.” He said kindly. “I think she’s out of danger, but now she needs to rest.”  
I hated that answer. I wanted her to open those pretty little blue eyes. I wanted to tell her how strong she was and how much she scared me. I wanted to hear her say my name. I loved the way she said my name. I just wanted her to be okay already.  
But then my thoughts took a darker turn as I began to wonder who did this to my sweet Grace.  
“I bet Ethan did this.” I growled. “We literally just released him, and he’s already betrayed us!” 
“I know he’s the easy answer,” Sawyer said calmly as he began to clean up the mess we had made earlier when we rushed in here. “But everything he got was from us. And wolf poison is very rare and even harder to obtain. He had no way of getting it while in the dungeon and he went with Leon to search the city.”  
I sighed taking Grace’s hand in my own and rubbing circles with my thumb in what I hoped was a calming matter.  
“I mean, the only other person we really saw today was Allison... Would she really stoop this low to kill Grace?” I asked, my voice trailing off because I knew the answer... She had betrayed her own family in an attempt to get close with me and earn my trust... She had killed her own mate... She saw Grace as a threat, and I doubted she would stop at anything to take her out... 
“You already know my answer,” Sawyer said cooly. “You should have killed the bitch a long time ago.”  
“Sawyer, stay with Grace. Do not leave her side, do not let anyone into the hospital. Do not move. Are we clear?”  
“Yes, but where are you going?” Sawyer asked looking startled. 
I had to set everything up. I needed more men, more help. No one messed with my family and got away with it. Sawyer knew this. But more than that, no one messed with my mate and got out alive. The answer to his question was simple: I was going hunting.
###Chapter 83: Rhys
I sat in my office and waited for Allison to arrive. I had asked her to meet me once I had all of my ducks in a row and my plans were secured. If this didn’t lead to a confession, then I wasn’t sure what would.  
I stared at the picture of Grace that Heather had given me earlier today. It was of her smiling in the garden, her favorite place to be. Sawyer had run into her and asked her to surprise me with it. He hadn’t known that Grace was going to be nearly poisoned to death and in a coma when I received it, but I was glad to have it. It made me feel calm.  
I carefully placed the frame in my desk drawer. I was sure if Grace knew what I was about to do, she wouldn’t necessarily be happy, but I knew she would be safer once Allison was gone.  
A knock on the door pulled me out of my darkening thoughts, and I yelled for them to come in.  
“Rhys?” Allison’s sing-song voice called out. “You asked to see me?”   
“I did.” I beckoned her forward as I leaned against the desk and offered her a seat. “Do you want something to drink?”  
“Sure,” She looked at me slightly apprehensively as I poured us both a glass of whiskey. I had rarely ever had allowed her in my office before, even when we were dating, so I could see how this was a little unsettling to her, but I knew soon enough she would fall into my trap.  
“I just wanted to check in with you. You had mentioned a few weeks ago that you got a new job, how is that going?” I pretended to care as I set down the whiskey glasses and sat down in my chair.  
“Oh,” She gave me a fake smile as she picked up her glass. “It’s wonderful. I’m so glad you gave me the opportunity to stay in the pack.”  
“Of course,” I told her calmly, even though I was dying to just simply rip her head off. “We may not be together anymore, but I still want you to be happy.”  
“Speaking of happy,” She took the bait and began to open up a little. “I worry that you are making a mistake with that new bride you brought back. I just don’t think she’s making you happy. You’ve been so stressed since I’ve been back.”  
“And you think it’s because of Grace?” I asked.  
“Well it appears that way,” She stated, shooting back her whole glass before walking over and straddling my lap.  
Her touch revolted me, but this was all a part of the plan. I just had to endure it for just a little while longer.  
“Let me remind you of how it feels to be taken care of by a real woman.” She breathed as began to kiss my neck and run her fingers over my skin the way I used to like from her.  
“Wait,” I said, wanting to stop this before it got too far out of hand. “I can’t… I can’t do this to Grace.”  
She didn’t stop though. “I don’t think you have to worry about that anymore.” 
“What do you mean?” I asked dumbly.   
“Don’t you want me?” She asked seductively.  
“Of course,” I lied.  
“Then it will be just our little secret. I knew you would regret that bitch and come back to me, so I took care of it for you. You don’t need to worry about it.”  
“Like with wolf poison?” I asked ready to make my move.  
“Yes,” She answered before she even realized what she was admitting to. Her eyes grew wide when she realized I had played her as she attempted to scramble off my lap, but I held her wrist tight.  
“You attempted to kill my mate?” I demanded.  
“She should be dead by now.” She pleaded desperately. “So now you can have me, isn’t that what you wanted?”  
“HOW DARE YOU ATTEMPT TO HARM MY MATE!” I shouted as I yanked her behind me, all but dragging her through the packhouse.  
“Please, Rhys I can explain! I love you!” She cried.  
But I was having none of it as I threw her into the car and made sure she couldn’t escape. She not just hurt Grace. She had tried to murder her in cold blood. There was no coming back from this.  
“Where are we going, Rhys?” She asked timidly, but I didn’t bother giving her an answer. She would see soon enough what her fate was, and maybe then she would realize how bad she fucked up.  
When we reached the pack border, I yanked her from the car and threw her on the ground. I could see the rogues on the other side eagerly eying their fresh piece of meat and my own guards eying us wearily, ready to jump in if anyone crossed anymore lines.  
Allison looked around, noticing both the large group of guards nearby and hungry looking rogue, her eyes growing wide.  
“Rhys, please,” She begged, gripping at my jeans in desperation. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to kill her. I made a mistake. Don’t do this!”  
“You have 30 seconds,” I answered coldly. “I suggest you run.” 
She gave me one last desperate look and realized I was not going to change my mind, so she took off running. When her 30 seconds were up, I motioned to the rogues that she was all theirs, and they chased her down within no time.  
Her screams had no effect on me as they filled the air and echoed around the forest. I could see blood flying through the air, raining down on the rogues who were just gnawing on her limbs now that they had gotten pieces of her free. Others didn’t care if she was dead or alive, all they cared about was that she was a woman, and they could have their way with her. I couldn’t look away. Her screams eventually ceased, and I knew it was over even as the rogues continued to rip at her. I felt her death had come too quicky, but I hoped she felt a pain 10 times worse than whatever pain she had caused Grace to have. I held no remorse. I was the Alpha King for a reason, and as I said earlier, no one messes with my family and got away with it. Nobody messes with my mate and makes it out alive.
###Chapter 84: Rhys
By the time I finally made my way back to Grace’s bedside, I was exhausted. Every time I thought we were ‘through the worst of things’ life seemed to laugh at us and give us a new challenge. I didn’t want anymore challenges. I just wanted my happily ever after or whatever with Grace. But I had a feeling that was a long way off… Allison might be gone, but we still had the very real threat of Kinsley and Adrian. And I worried there was more to be worried about. Everything was happening so fast, I could barely keep track of all the incoming, threats.  
“Grace,” I whispered. “Grace, can you wake up for me?” I pleaded.   
“I think she’ll be out a while,” Sawyer said tiredly.  
“But she’s stable?” I asked for like the hundredth time. I had been mindlinking him pretty much non-stop since I had left several hours ago.  
“Yes,” Sawyer answered patiently. “But we won’t really know the extent of the damage until she wakes up.”  
“But we don’t know when that will be?”  
“No Rhys, I don’t know when that will be.”  
I felt like a child. My mate was hurt, and it was all my fault. I should have never allowed Allison to live... And I should have seen the trouble she was causing every time she came back when I brought a new bride... A part of me wondered if she had set any of them up with false evidence and I just fell for it every time without question because I just couldn’t get myself to care about them. She might not have been a part of all of them, but she almost definitely had here hand in some. The thing is... it never worked for her. I never once went back to her or led her on. I don’t know why she would have expected it work this time.  
“Have you heard from Leon?” I asked after I tried to mindlink him, but I hadn’t made contact for the 5th time.  
“No...” Sawyer said slowly. “I tried to mindlink him awhile ago, but I never got a response.  
I sighed and leaned forward to rest my head on the bed. I had rarely ever felt so overwhelmed in my life. Even when my parents died, it was like it was just another thing that happened. I had dealt with many enemies in my time, but nothing like this had ever happened. Now, I found myself worried about Grace and Leon. I couldn’t get my mind to stop racing, but I needed it to stop. I needed it all to stop. Or at the very least slow down a little.  
“You should go rest Rhys,” Sawyer said after a while. He had gone to check on several other patients, but was now back, “It’s late.”  
“No. I’m not leaving her again.” I responded simply. All I could do was stare at her. She looked so pale lying on the sterile white sheets. All the strength that she had gained in the past weeks seemed to be gone. I knew that wasn’t necessarily true, but it scared me, nonetheless.  
Sawyer left the room again with a sigh, but when he came back, he had a plate of food and some water for me.  
“At least eat something,” He advised as he placed them on the table next to me.  
“I’m not hungry.” I answered.  
“She wouldn’t want you to not take care of yourself, Rhys. I wasn’t really asking.”  
I rolled my eyes but grabbed the plate from him and began to eat. I hadn’t realized how hungry I was until I was actually eating.  
“So, what happened with Allison?” Sawyer asked trying to keep his voice casual.  
“I got her to confess and then I fed her to the rogues.” I answered, not feeling the slightest bit guilty.  
“You fed her to the rogues?” Sawyer frowned.  
“Yep. I gave her 30 seconds to run, and then I let them hunt her down.”  
“Good riddance,” Sawyer gave me a slight smile. He was clearly tired too. I had been running him, Arlo and Leon all into the ground lately. I would have to be careful not to burn them out. We needed to solve our problems fast, so I could let them rest.  
A knock on the door drew both of our attention as Arlo walked in with a report sheet.  
“What did you find at her house?” I asked.  
“We found hundreds of wolf poison plants at Allison’s house. Far more than we expected. We have burned them all, and we are currently searching the house for anything else we should be aware of.” Arlo reported.  
“Hundreds?” Sawyer whispered in shock. “I knew she was crazy, but I didn’t realize she was that crazy!”  
I nodded in agreement. “Thank you for the update and let me know if anything else is found.”  
“You’ll be the first to know,” Arlo replied, heading back toward the door. 
“Arlo?” I called him back.  
“Yes, my king?”  
“Did you see any proof that she has a job somewhere within the pack?” I questioned.  
“No sir,” He answered. “I had one of the guards talk to neighbors to know if they knew anything, but they stated that they rarely saw her leave.”  
I closed my eyes in frustration. How could I have been so blind? I should have demanded proof of the job she wanted before ever letting her back in. Clearly her intentions were much more sinister. Were all those plants just for Grace or was there more to her whole plan?  
“Do we think she was working alone?” I asked before my thoughts could completely run wild.  
“Permission to speak freely?” Arlo asked.  
“Granted.”  
“Grace seems to have many enemies. Each with their own agenda. It is very plausible that she was working with someone.” Arlo answered uneasily.  
“Her enemies are my enemies,” I growled. “And they will regret messing with the Alpha King!”  
Before anyone could say anything else, the door burst open, and Ethan came raging in, shouting, “WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED TO MY SISTER?”
###Chapter 85: Rhys
“WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED TO MY SISTER?” Ethan demanded angrily as he marched straight over to the bed.  
Sawyer stood up and got between him and I not that I thought Ethan was actually dumb enough to fight me, but I was still touched that my brother came to my defense.  
“It was my ex,” I said tiredly. “She somehow managed to poison her with wolf poison. I assume when we left the dungeons because as you know we ran into her there. I don’t really remember her touching Grace, but she must have.”  
“And where is your ex now?” Ethan seethed. “Sitting somewhere in her bath robe as someone rubs her feet?”  
“She’s dead.” I answered dryly. Ethan might be Grace’s brother, but I was really over his disrespect. “I took care of it a couple of hours ago.”  
“Oh.” He answered, his fire dimming a little. “Well, how is Grace doing?”  
“She’s hanging in there,” Sawyer answered, but he was looking at Ethan with some uncertainty. “She’s through the worst of it all, but her brain might need some time to recover.”  
I looked up at Ethan. Sometimes, when I look at him, I am struck by how similar he looks to Grace. It was crazy. But there were other times, like when he would talk, that he was nothing like Grace. He was so much more calculated in how he spoke, it sometimes made me feel uneasy. In this moment though, he was clearly distraught over his sister being in a coma, and if he felt anything like me, he felt like he was in hell.  
Nobody spoke for a while. We all just stared at Grace. I watched her chest rise and fall, over and over again so I could just be sure she was still breathing. I was sure I’d be watching her like this for the rest of our lives.  
Ethan coughed, and I turned my attention back to him. His blonde hair was disheveled, and there was something red on his green shirt...  
“Is that blood on your shirt?” I demanded.  
“Oh, yea,” He answered, but his voice sounded off. “We ran into trouble in the city.  
I narrowed my eyes at him. He should have led with that instead of doing whatever little temper tantrum he’d had when he’d come in. “What kind of trouble?”  
“The city is in complete disarray. I mean, it is literally utter chaos. I talked to a lot of people and everyone seemed to know someone who was missing. Whatever is happening is drawing human attention and scaring them terribly.”  
“Missing people?” Arlo frowned.  
“That’s what they said,” Ethan answered a little too casually.  
“Do you think this is a part of their Lycan expansion project?” Sawyer asked, hesitantly.  
I knew he was hesitant to talk in front of Ethan, but I didn’t think it was fair to deliberately leave him out of a conversation that he would probably have more insight.   
“I think it’s safe to assume that, yes,” I answered aloud. “They’re moving faster than I expected.”  
“Maybe they have a reason to be moving fast,” Ethan added.  
I didn’t like the way he said it. It was once again like he knew something more, but was just leaving us breadcrumbs to follow.  
“Like what?” I asked.  
“I don’t know,” Ethan attempted to look thoughtful. “Maybe they need a full moon? There’s one coming up. Or maybe they just a set amount of people for their next plan?”  
I nodded and gave it some thought. It was possible. It seemed sort of panicked to me though. It didn’t really seem like it was thought out super well. Was it one of those things where they were trying to draw attention to one thing so they could do something else completely? Did they need a full moon to maybe activate the new Lycans? There had to be something we were missing.  
Sawyer stood up and began to check Grace’s vitals again. Blood pressure: 105/73. SPO2: 99. Pulse 80. All normal, she was just unconscious, so I could breathe again.  
“Hey Sawyer,” Arlo started breaking the silence again. “Where did you get an antidote for the wolf poison? It’s incredibly rare, isn’t it? Like even rarer than wolf poison itself?”  
I looked up curiously, I hadn’t thought about that, but Arlo made a good point. How did Sawyer just happen to have a vile of the antidote?  
“I actually only got it recently. It is extremely rare,” Sawyer agreed with slight chuckle, “But honestly it was easier to get than I expected.”  
“How did you get it?” I asked, having a feeling that I wouldn’t like his answer.  
“I got it from the witch, Sandra,” Sawyer answered easily, like it was no big deal. 
And I was right. I didn’t like his answer, My own brother was now making deals with witches? What was our world coming to???  
“Sandra? As in the witch who bound Grace twice as a literal baby?!” I felt my temper flaring. I was going to explode soon if people kept being stupid.  
“Well, yea...” Sawyer said slowly. “I had asked her if there were any remedies that I should have in my arsenal at the clinic, and she stated several, but said it’s always good to have an antidote for wolf poisoning... I must admit, I did laugh at first because I thought wolf poison was too rare, but when she offered to help me make a small batch, I took her up on it because even if she just gave me the recipe, I would have never been able to make it myself. It’s a magic concoction. So, she did the hard part, and the herbs I had you hand me Rhys are to be added in when you want to activate it, so it will last longer.”  
“Again, you got help from the woman who bound my mate twice as a baby?”  
“It was to benefit the whole pack!” Sawyer exclaimed in frustration. “We don’t usually interact with witches; I wanted to take advantage of the situation!” 
On a normal day, I might have accepted his answer, but on a day like today, there was no chance in hell I was going to let that slide.
###Chapter 86: Grace
“YOU COULD HAVE KILLED HER!” Rhys’ voice cut through the nothingness.
“I saved her life!” Sawyer argued back. “If I hadn’t of taken initiative, she would be dead Rhys! Don’t you get it! She would be dead!”
“But you had no way of knowing it would work!”
“And if I didn’t have it, I would have never even had a chance at saving her!”
Ugh, they were so loud. Why were they being so loud? Didn’t they know that I was tired? I just wanted sleepppp. Was it me that they were talking about? Was I the one who almost died or was it someone else? It would explain why I felt so weird, but I had no idea what had happened leading up to this moment.
“And you didn’t think that maybe the witch wanted to do more harm?” Rhys shot back. “That she might have seen this as a chance to take down the whole pack?”
“Rhys, if I needed the potion, the harm would have already been done.”
“Guys,” Ethan interrupted. “If you want to argue, go in the hallway, but Grace doesn’t need to hear this.”
I knew Rhys was seething even though I couldn’t see him. But knowing that Ethan was here made my heart happy. He cared enough to stay with me even though I wasn’t even awake or conscious. Well, maybe I was kind of conscious. I couldn’t move, but my thoughts felt like mine, and I could hear everything going on. So, I was whatever this was.
“It’s true,” I heard Arlo say nervously. “A lot of times people in a coma can hear what’s going on. I guess it depends on how much damage was done to her brain.”
Damage to my brain? Yikes. That didn’t sound good. A coma made sense though for my sort of consciousness, but I couldn’t remember what had happened.
I decided I should test it. Despite wanting them to, my eyes wouldn’t open. Hm. Okay. I next tried to open my mouth and tell them that I was okay, but again, I couldn’t seem to move anything. Brain damage seemed to be looking quite possible. I was so fucked up I couldn’t even do the basics... Maybe though, I could move my hand, show them that I can hear them at least...
My whole hand didn’t move, but I felt my finger twitch and I could feel Rhys’s excitement through the bond. He grabbed my hand and began to talk to me.
“Grace? Grace, can you hear me?” He sounded odd for him to me, like he was almost desperate. “I saw you move your finger. Can you do it again? Can you open those pretty little blue eyes for me?”
“Rhys... It might have just been reflex,” I heard Sawyer say gently, a completely different tone than he was using a few minutes ago.
“No, she moved it. I can feel her through our bond,” Rhys told him before turning his attention back to me. “Come on, Grace, everyone is here for you. We just need to know if you’re okay. Please wake up.”
I wanted to tell him that I tried, but my voice wasn’t there. I could feel his disappointment and defeat flooding our bond, so I decided to try again. I couldn’t bear to disappoint him...
My eyes were heavy, but this time I was able to get them to move. However, I immediately regretted it and closed them again because the lights were so bright.
“Quick, Arlo the lights,” Sawyer commanded.
When I heard the light switch go off, I tried to open them again, and it was much better.
“There’s my girl,” Rhys whispered, the relief in his voice evident. “How are you feeling?”
I opened my mouth, but no sound came out and I frowned.
“Give yourself time Grace,” Sawyer said, putting a glass of water to my lips. “You’ve had a rough night. Take some baby sips.”
I did as he said, and the I looked at Rhys in relief. A part of me had thought I was never going to see him again, and I was glad that part of me was wrong.
“What happened?” I asked. My voice was still kind of scratchy, but at least it made noise this time.
“You were poisoned, baby,” Rhys said, in a low tone. “I was so scared you weren’t going to make it.”
I reached up and pulled him into a hug. I knew he would never cry with some many people around, but I could feel how strong his emotions were.
“How did I get poisoned?” I asked when he finally let go and sat down in the chair next to me.
“Allison... But she’s dead now, so you never have to worry about her again.” Rhys told me. “Lucky for us, Sawyer had the antidote.”
“Yea, I heard that part,” I admitted, “You need to be nicer to your brother, he was just trying to help.”
Rhys smiled slightly; his face still so full of emotions. “I’m sorry.” He whispered.
“Don’t apologize to me, apologize to your brother.”
Sawyer laughed as he began to check my vitals and looked at his brother expectantly.
“I’m sorry Sawyer for being so hard on you, and I’m sorry Grace you had to hear it,” He said dryly.
Sawyer laughed, “I accept your apology, but your delivery needs work.”
I giggled slightly, before turning back to Rhys.
“Did anything else happen while I was incapacitated?” I asked.
“Well, unfortunately, yes,” Rhys stated uneasily. “Unfortunately, we learned that the city is currently in chaos and Adrian and Kinsley are currently mass-creating more Lycans, likely to threaten other packs or even ourselves...”
A sinking feeling filled my stomach. The joys of being awake again were suddenly gone, and the reality of the life we lived was overwhelming. If they were mass-creating Lycans, then how the hell were we ever going to be able to compete with them?
###Chapter 87: Grace
Mass Lycan creations? How could they be so evil? Those poor people who were just trying to live their lives, suddenly thrust into the darkness of being a Lycan... They had no idea what they were suddenly in for, but they probably at the very least knew it wasn’t good... 
“Grace.” Rhys brought my attention back to him. He always seemed to know when I was drifting too far. “Adrian and Kinsley have malice intentions. What they are doing has nothing to do with being a Lycan. And everything to do with them being shitty humans.”  
I smiled slightly at his direct words. He knew exactly where my head had gone, and knew what I needed to hear, even if I didn’t quite believe it yet. I mean, maybe I could, Ethan didn’t seem like a bad guy, and he was Lycan... That meant not everyone could be bad like Rhys kept telling me... 
“There’s that smile I love,” Rhys smiled down at me. I know there more people in the room, but it really felt like it was just us for a moment. “I promise to protect you, and I will make sure we capture Adrian and Kinsley, putting an end to their reign of terror.” 
“I know you’ll try.” I answered and he pecked my lips as a silent promise too. 
“So, love birds,” Sawyer cut in, interrupting our little moment. “Can I examine the Luna to make sure she’s okay or no?” 
Rhys let out a forced chuckle and smiled and blushed slight at being called Luna for one of the first times. I couldn’t remember if anyone had said it before, but now it was kinda true. I was in fact his mate now. 
“You have the worst timing,” Rhys grumbled. 
I swatted at Rhys playfully. “He has to check me for brain damage.” 
“How do you know that?” Rhys asked in shock. 
“I heard you guys talking about it,” I admitted. 
“Well, the fact that your memory seems to be intact, you can talk and tease my brother, I’m not very worried at this point, but I do want to do an official work-up and make sure there’s nothing we should be worried about.” 
Rhys kicked everyone out of the room, so Sawyer could run his tests. He showed me shape flash cards, asking me name things. He made me touch my finger to my nose, and stand on one foot. I felt ridiculous each and every time he asked me to do something, but I was glad it was him and not a stranger watching me be ridiculous because I was not sure I could have handled that. 
“Well, I don’t see anything that truly concerns me.” Sawyer said as he wrote down my test results. “I just want to run some blood work and make sure all the poison is out of your system and not making your numbers do funny things, but otherwise, I see no reason to keep you here, you are good to go once I draw your labs.” 
I smiled at Rhys. It was so easy to smile at him these days. I remembered the days when it was hard to even look at him, I was so scared. Everything was different now. 
“Yay,” I said quietly. 
“Yay,” Rhys repeated back in the same quiet tone. “Is there anything you want us to look out for, Sawyer?” 
“Fever, unusual behavior, anything really in that realm, and we’ll do a check-up in a couple of days. But even though I’m saying you can go home Grace, I really want you to continue to rest, okay?” 
“I promise I’ll rest, but can I get some clothes to wear out of here? I really don’t want to walk out of here in a hospital gown, but I will if I have to.” 
“Your clothes were covered in blood,” Rhys said slowly, “But I had Arlo grab you some that will probably fit.” 
“Why were they covered in blood?” I asked as I accepted the new ones and Sawyer left the room. 
“Your nose, eyes, and mouth were all bleeding.” Rhys answered uneasily. 
“From a poison? Ew gross.” 
“It was a little gross,” Rhys confirmed, “You’re always beautiful, but that wasn’t your best look.” 
I laughed as I untucked the part of the dress that got stuck and put my shoes on. 
When he noticed I was ready, Rhys swept me off my feet, taking me by surprise.  
“Rhys, what are you doing?” I asked in surprise as he carried me out of the room to where Ethan and Arlo were waiting. 
“Taking you home.” He answered easily. 
“I can walk.” 
“No.” 
“Seriously, Rhys, please put me down, I want to walk.” 
Both Arlo and Ethan stood awkwardly as fought, but I didn’t care. I did not need to be babied. I was fine now. 
“But I can keep you safe in my arms.” Rhys pouted. 
“And now you can keep me safe by your side, put me down please.” 
Rhys sighed, but this time he did what I asked. Ethan immediately moved to my side, and I knew they were both worried we would encounter danger again. I mean, the last time it happened right in front of them, and they didn’t catch it, so now they were borderline paranoid, but I appreciated of their effort. 
Not only did I have Rhys’ physical comfort from his arm draped over my shoulder, I also had him in my head. I could tell he was sending calming words and vibes even if I couldn’t hear them exactly. But his intention was clear, what happened with his ex-bride, was never going to happen again if he could help it. 
“No one is ever going to hurt you like that again,” Rhys whispered into my ear. 
Ethan must have heard it though because he then muttered, “Yea, you’ll feed them to the wolves if they do.” 
It took everything in me not to freeze.
"What do you mean?" I asked hesitantly, my heart beginning to pound a little bit. He couldn't possibly mean literally, could he?
"Oh, you didn't know?" Ethan looked at me dumbly. "He literally fed Allison to the wolves."
I wanted to vomit. No. He couldn't be that cruel, could he? I turned toward Rhys, looking for an answer, but he looked unbothered by the questions of what happened to Allison.
"I didn't feed her to the wolves," Rhys answered calmly, "But I did let them chase her down and not intervene."
"They ate her?" I asked.
"More or less," He shrugged.
I hated how casual he was being... How could he admit to it as if he didn't allow something horrible happen to that girl? That girl was crazy, but did she really deserve that? Is that how he had killed all of his other brides before me? Was I next?!
###Chapter 88: Rhys
“I didn’t become the Alpha King by being weak,” I replied to Ethan’s side comment as Grace began to spiral again. “Sometimes, people need to be reminded of who’s in charge and who’s not to be messed with.”  
I knew my words wouldn’t ease Grace’s fear, but there was truth in my words. I wanted her to accept me for everything I was: the good the bad and the ugly. I was the Alpha King. I was known for being cruel, and Grace knew this. And one day, I hoped she’d grow to accept me.  
Grace was quiet the rest of the way home, and I let her sit with her thoughts. As much as I wanted to talk to her, Ethan was annoying me. So, the quicker we could get away from him, the better. It’s not like he had even really done anything, but his existence was enough.  
“I have some work to finish when we get to the packhouse, do you want to come with me?” I asked Grace.  
I immediately felt her panic at thought of being separated, and it made me feel slightly better. It was nice to know that even if she was slightly afraid of who I really was, being separated from me was worse.  
“I’ll go where you go.” She said softly.

“I can stay with you, if you want to get some rest, I mean,” Ethan offered.  
Grace stiffened slightly and shrunk into me slightly. I pulled her into me tighter as she told Ethan, “No thank you, I just want to be with Rhys right now.”  
Ethan seemed slightly put off, but he smiled at her anyway. “I get it, just let me know if you change your mind.”  
She nodded as we entered the house. Ethan headed to his own room, and Grace and I headed up to the office.  
It was early in the morning, and I was exhausted, but I did have a little bit of work to do. Grace and I could rest all day if I finished what I needed to, I wouldn’t have to stress or rush back.  
When we got to the office, Grace immediately curled up in one of the larger chairs I kept in the corners. I went to the closet and pulled out a blanket for her, tucking it around her. I started to work, but despite what I thought would happen, she did not fall asleep.  
“Are you are alright?” I asked when I noticed she was just staring at the wall.  
“I’m fine,” She answered a little too quickly, and then refused to look at me.  
“Grace,” I dragged her name out, “Tell me what’s wrong.”  
She hesitated, but finally reluctantly told me, “My stomach hurts. It just feels tight, but it’s nothing to worry about.”  
I frowned. “Point to where it hurts?” I asked.  
Gracie pointed lower abdomen, which I thought was weird for stomach pain. I quickly mindlinked Sawyer asking if lower abdomen pain was something I was supposed to be worried about. But then I smelt it, she was bleeding ever so slightly, and I felt really dumb, and told Sawyer not to worry about it. 
“Oh babe,” I said as I pulled her onto my lap. “Did you start your period?”  
Her face immediately flushed. “I don’t know.” She stuttered. “I just don’t really feel well.”  
She didn’t know? Had she never had a period before? I mean, it made sense, I guess. She had never been properly cared for or had proper nourishment. She had been severely underweight when she had arrived here, and I knew all of these things tended to have an effect on the body. It was also possible that the wolf poison and her heart stopping could have had some weird sort of effect on her causing it to randomly start. She had been getting healthier until this most recent skirt with death... 
I immediately called Alana to bring so painkillers to our bedroom and I helped Grace up and back to our room. I immediately started the shower, so I could help her clean up. When we were done, I guided her back to the bed before dimming the lights and turning on some calming music. She took the pain meds that Alana had left on the side table for her, and I climbed into bed and began to massage her abdomen.  
“Oh that feels nice.”  
“Good. Don’t worry about anything baby, I’m going to take good care of you.”  
I could feel her pain through the bond, slowly start to diminish. And even though I was exhausted, I found myself slowly starting to want more. But not only that, I wanted to give her more.  
I raised her shirt carefully and on top rubbing her tummy, I began to pepper it with kisses. I left a trail of them right up to her bra, and then did the same thing, stopping just above her shorts line. 
“Oh.” Grace said in surprise at the gentle teasing.  
“Do you want me to stop?” I asked her.  
“No,” She breathed.  
I tugged her boob out of her bra and nipped at her nipple before peppering her with kisses again before doing the same thing to the other side. I started to make my way back down again, but when I started to try and remove her shorts, she stopped me.  
“What’s wrong?” I asked, not stopping my assault of kisses.  
“I’m dirty down there,” She whispers.  
I moved so I was raised above her, but looking her in the eyes. “You are a wonderful woman who has been given nature’s gift today, there is nothing dirty about that. You are beautiful, and I want you.”  
“You’re sure?” She asked.  
I didn’t bother with a response; I just simply began to remove her pants. Today was not about me. I would make her feel wonderful. I kissed the inside of her thighs and I could tell she was as horny as I was and ready for me. I lined myself up at her entrance and began to thrust.  
“Oh.” She moaned. “Oh, yes, Rhys.”  
I increased my pace and I made sure I was giving her clit as much stimulation as I could. I was so close, but I needed to hang on a little longer for her. She began matching my thrusts, and I could tell she was close too.
###Chapter 89: Grace
Everything faded when Rhys sent me over the edge. The was no more pain. No more feelings, just absolute pure bliss. I had had very few moments in my life that had made me feel this way, but Rhys was giving me more and more. 
“How are you feeling, babe?” Rhys asked, his hand running up and down my side. 
“I don’t think the word perfect even begins to describe how I feel,” I told him honestly. “I felt kind of weird when I woke up, and then I don’t know. I think I’ve gone through every emotion in the book today, but right now I feel perfect. Like I’m exactly where I’m supposed to be.” 
“I’m glad you feel that way.” Rhys answered with a kiss. “Because I also feel like I am exactly where I need to be.” 
I smiled at him as he brushed some my escaped strands of hair from my face. 
“I told Alana to stock the fridge on our floor with all your favorite snacks.” Rhys said, “She told me that it’s all there, and she stocked your favorite drinks as well. I also had her deliver us a blanket warmer, so if you are looking to be more cozy you can be.” 
I frowned. All that sounded nice, but I didn’t like the one part he wasn’t saying... 
“Are you going somewhere?” I asked after a long moment. 
“Unfortunately, yes,” He answered with a sad look. “We planned the pack hunt for tonight to celebrate our mateship. I don’t want it to look like anything is wrong, so I have to go.” 
“But Rhys, you never stay.... Plus, don’t you think it will look weird that I don’t attend?” I asked. “I mean since the ceremony is supposed to be about the two of us?” 
“Maybe a little, but they know you’re bound, so you wouldn’t have necessarily been able to participate in the pack hunt, so I’m not sure what to expect if I’m being honest. You would only have been able to participate in the party aspect of it.” He explained. 
“I can go.” I told him. I wanted to go. This was supposed to be for us both... 
“You heard Sawyer,” Rhys argued as he got up. “You are supposed to be resting.” 
“I don’t think Sawyer would have approved of sex then,” I pouted. 
“No, he probably wouldn’t have for a variety of reasons,” Rhys agreed much to my disdain. “But we did it, and now you’re tired, and I have to go.” 
He pecked my lips as I pouted, and I wanted to deepen it, but he pulled away too quickly, leaving me wanting more. 
“I have guards arranged to protect you and if you need anything at all, just call for one of them, but keep the door locked otherwise. I will see you later,” Rhys smiled, and then he shut the door, and he was gone. 
I closed my eyes. Rhys was right. I was exhausted. Everything inside me was exhausted, and I found myself drifting off into an uneasy sleep. 
Around midnight though I woke up from the weirdest dream. It was already fading from my memory, but it had been so vivid. So real. So terrifying. I reached for Rhys, but he was still gone. I was getting really sick of waking up in an empty bed every time I fell asleep. I also was beginning to think that Rhys just never slept. He ran on only a few hours if any for as long as I’ve known him. It couldn’t possibly be healthy, but yet I’m the one who gets lectured. 
My mind shifted again to being poisoned, my own unease about being alone right now growing. I thought about going to wake Sawyer or Alana, but then I realized they were probably at the pack run celebration. I also thought about going to find a guard and having them tell Rhys to come home, but I didn’t... 
I turned on the light by my bed as I tossed and turned in the bed. For whatever reason, I could not get my heartbeat to calm down. I got up and began to pace the room. Was this a part of what getting your period felt like? Increased anxiety and weird dreams? Because if this was it, I wanted absolutely no part in it every month for nearly the rest of my fucking life. 
Knock. Knock. Knock. 
I jumped at the sound. Who in their right mind would be knocking at this hour? Sawyer should have been the only one able to get up here... Or maybe it was Alana, just checking on me since Rhys had told her I was unwell. 
I moved hesitantly toward the door as the person began to knock again with a little more urgency. I opened the door door slowly, surprised to Ethan standing there looking disheveled and tense. 
“Ethan? What are you doing here?’ I questioned in surprise, inviting him into my room despite the late hour. 
“You are in danger, Grace. Intruders have taken advantage of Rhys and a most of the guards being away on the hunt. They’ve kill almost all of the guards. They’re here for you; we have to move you to safety.” 
I nodded as fear flooded my system. I grabbed my nearest hoodie and threw it on before following Ethan into the hall. 
“Where are we going?” I whispered as we began to creep into the hall. 
“Somewhere safe,” Ethan answered calmly. “I’m going to shift, it will help mask your scent, giving you an extra layer of protection, and if we run into anyone, I can fight them.” 
It kinda made sense, but I was so filled with fear, I wasn’t in a place where I could question anything. Were they here for me? And if they were hear for me, were they here to kill me, or take me back to Adrian and Kinsley, or was there a 3rd unknown threat? My thoughts were racing as I followed Ethan without a second thought as we made our way up to the rooftop. I had never been up there before, but after seeing the hallway and stairs littered with dead bodies, I would go anywhere Ethan told me was safe. And lucky for us, we didn’t see any signs of the enemy other than the dead bodies I could not identify as human, wolf or Lycan. Had they died trying to protect me? Or were they the enemies' bodies? Ethan didn't say a word as we moved past them. His calm was almost erie. He didn't look scared at all. Just determined, as I was shaking like a leaf, struggling to now grip the ladder leading up to the roof.
"Come on, Grace, we don't have all day," He encouraged, but even then his words seemed to lack urgency. He just stood at the bottom of the ladder, almost looking bored, but I knew he must just be trying to play it cool for my sake. I mean, there was no other reason to be so non-chalant, right? It made sense... Everything made sense. It was all crumbling down in the exact way I expected it to.
My heart pounded as I climbed. My body trembled whether from fear or the chill of the air, I wasn't sure. But I wished with my whole heart that Rhys was here. However, I knew whatever was chasing us, I would have to face alone with my brother. I could do this. I had no choice. I had to do this.
###Chapter 90: Grace
The wind howled around us as the cold air gave me goose bumps. I hated how dark it was, how cold it was, how quiet it was... I didn’t like it all. 
“What are we doing up here?” I asked, wrapping my arms around myself trying to keep the chill from seeping into my bones. “There’s no escape if they come up here looking for me.” 
Ethan shifted back into his human form and grabbed clothes from a bag I hadn’t even seen him bring, quickly changing, before throwing some slightly warmer clothes at me. 
“Put these on.” He demanded. 
My teeth were chattering from the chill, so I didn’t hesitate to put the long pants on and a pair of socks and shoes. 
“Where’s Rhys?” I asked, trying to get some or any information I could. “Is he still out at the pack hunt or is he one of the dead bodies on the stairs? Did they kill everybody they could or just the guards?” 
“Rhys told me if there was ever an emergency that put you in danger, we were to come up here and wait,” Ethan said calmly, or more like complete devoid of emotion... I wondered if he actually felt calm or if he had learned how to shut it down. 
“But why here?” I asked again. “There’s nowhere to hide... We’re just out in the open.” 
“Have you ever been up here before Grace?” Ethan snapped at me “Because I really don’t think many people have since you have to climb that little ladder we took and pulled it up after us.” 
He had been calm and then snapped.... He almost seemed too calm about everything. Like maybe he wanted to get caught or something.... 
I don’t know how long we were up there, but eventually Ethan started to pace, near the edge, looking out as if he was waiting for something. I asked several times if he saw Rhys yet, but he had stopped answering my questions a while ago, and the ones he did answer, he picked and chose. 
“That woman ruined everything!” Ethan muttered to himself. He kept going on and on about something under his breath, but I couldn’t hear anything else until he said, “poisoning her was not a part of the plan!” And then again, a bunch of nothing I could hear. 
“What woman?” I asked curiously because whoever she was, he was cursing her every thirty seconds. “Are you saying that Kinsley was partially responsible for me being poisoned? And what plan?” 
Ethan laughed. He literally laughed at me, and I began to not just feel scared, terrified... 
“No, of course I am not talking about Kinsley!” Ethan laughed. “That girl is dumber than a box of rocks.” 
“So Allison poisoned me, but what plan did she ruin? Surely, you did not intend to sit with me on the roof during an attack now did you?” 
“Of course it was Allison!” Ethan’s face darkened with the exclamation. “Your sister is too foolish for such things. I only work for Adrain!” 
I felt my stomach drop. No, no, no. This could not be happening. He worked for Adrian, and I was stuck on a roof with him? I thought he hated Adrian and Kinsley... My own family betraying me again... 
“Why are you doing this?” I ask, my voice shaking as I sunk to the ground, suddenly understanding why he had seemed so calm and devoid of emotion... He was the one who had done it. He didn't give a damn at all...
“You didn’t really think I was your brother, did you?” He sneered. “I’m only someone who looks similar to you.” 
“Why did you lie?” I asked, my voice breaking with the question. 
“So, you would trust me, obviously.” Ethan laughed. “It was all a part of the plan, sweet cheeks. I planned to get caught. Adrian and I had come up with a whole little backstory that you all bought so easily. Though, I must admit, you kept me in that prison a lot longer than I expected. But it doesn’t matter now. We are just minutes away from our destiny.” 
“You used me.” It was barely a whisper.
“Yep.” He popped the p in yep. He had no remorse at all. “And soon I will deliver you back to Adrian and I will rise within the ranks” 
At first, I thought I would die from a broken heart. I had been used all along. I had fallen for the family trap all over again. I had allowed him to take me to a secluded place and if Rhys was to come looking for me, this would be like the last place he looked. But he might not even know about the bloodbath that happened in his own home yet. But I didn’t want him to come home to a dead or missing mate. 
My anger and feelings of betrayal surged. I hated him. I hated that I had let this man claim to be my brother. I hated that this man had tried to take everything good in my life again. 
“Enjoy your last moments of freedom, Grace,” He said snidely. “Your taste of luxury is over.” 
A feeling of power began to surge with all my feelings. I hated them. I hated Ethan. I was NOT going back to the Blood Moon Pack. I would die before I went back there again. 
"Attack!" A feminine voice in my head screamed, and I didn't even have a chance to process that it wasn't mine.
My body then began to change. My arm elongated, and fur grew before finally, my claws came out. For the first time in my life, I felt powerful. 
I had never truly sought revenge before, but my anger was too strong for anyone to have even attempted to calm me down. I would win any battle I was placed in. 
Ethan stared at me in shock at my sudden partial shift., but I didn’t hesitate. If he didn’t want to act like he had a heart, then I could help him with that... I clawed my way into his chest, his face frozen in pure terror. I then tore his heart out with no hesitation, blood dripping down my arm as I squeezed it in anger before shoving him off the roof and chucking the heart after him. Nobody was ever going to use me again. Nothing would stand in my way. Revenge tasted sweet.
###Chapter 91: Rhys
As soon as I closed the door behind me, I hesitated. My gut was screaming at me not to leave Grace, but I was expected at the hunt. I mean, it was in honor of Grace. I knew I was just being overprotective after everything she had been through lately. I mean, she had literally been poisoned under my watch. Literally right in front of me. I couldn’t keep her safe. This was the first time in my life that I seemed unable to protect someone. And it wouldn’t be fair to her if I kept her glued to my side forever. I think that would only remind her of her past. I couldn’t trap her even if it was for her own good... And I had been at her side and still let her get poisoned... I was failing her. 
“Are you okay?” Ethan asked as I walked mindlessly into the kitchen. 
“I’m just hesitant to leave Grace, but I’m needed at the hunt.” I confided. 
“Yea, Leon told me that’s where you all were headed. I thought you were there already, honestly,” Ethan confessed as he made himself a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. There was something about the casualness of his freedom that bothered me. It was almost as if he had always expected Grace to forgive him. He hadn’t cared that he was caught... Only that Grace was near. 
“Would you mind keeping an extra ear out for her while I’m gone?” I asked. I had already set up guards to stay behind, but Grace seemed to trust him, so I figured I should try to too. 
“Of course.” Ethan answered before mumbling under his breath, “Probably better than you can.”  
It took all I had not to comment on his unnecessary jabs. He was lucky that I hadn’t killed him yet. He was lucky my mate was fond of him. But if these jabs didn’t stop, I wasn’t so sure I’d be able to keep my promise of not harming him. Sooner or later, if I was going to need to teach him a lesson. 
“Alpha, everyone is waiting on you.” Leon mindlinked. 
“I’m coming.” I responded, walking out of the kitchen and not saying another word to Ethan so I wouldn’t bite his head off. 
Any time I ever gathered my pack in this manner, I was always amazed to see everyone gathered together. It would have been amazing to have Grace as my Luna at my side, so that I could prove to everyone that she was harmless, but I also knew that her staying home was what was best for her. 
The crowd howled as I climbed the stage. I kept my face neutral, putting on the mask I had worn for so many years before I had met Grace. I had gone a little soft since meeting Grace. 
“Tonight, we celebrate!” I shouted into the crowd. 
Cheers met my ears. This was the power of being an Alpha King. I am the Alpha King. 
“My people, let’s shift!” 
We immediately began to shift and with one final howl at the moon, we were on the run. In the past, the new Luna would be hidden in the woods, and it would be up to the Alpha to find her first or forfeit her. Obviously, that was an outdated practice, and now, the Alpha and his pack would just run through the woods. Some would hunt smaller animals, but it was more about the gathering and the togetherness than anything else. 
You could hear wolves howl in every direction as we ran through the woods. There was something so freeing about running at top speed. Leon and Sawyer were the only two who could even remotely keep up with me, but that was okay. They were my crew through everything, and even they were a couple steps behind. 
Eventually the sound of paws behind us became quieter and quieter. Everyone had split off into groups of similar speeds and wolves that they wanted to spend time with. And I was glad. As much as I loved the support of my people, I did not want to be surrounded for an extended period of time. 
“Do you hear that?” Leon mindlinked, suddenly coming to a halt. 
“Hear what?” I asked, stopping myself, looking around. All I could hear was silence. Everything was still. Nothing was moving. 
“The breathing.” Leon responded. His mindlink was quiet as if he thought someone would hear us even though it was impossible. 
“Sawyer?” I turned toward him trying to see where he stood with this. 
“I think we should head back.” Sawyer answered uneasily. 
Suddenly, a Lycan monster jumped out of the tree, landed on Sawyer, and sent them both rolling. 
Sawyer howled in pain. He had never been a very good fighter, but this creature was over twice his size. He was never meant to succeed. 
Leon and I immediately got to work, teaming up to help Sawyer, who was trying everything in his power to get the Lycan off of his back. I immediately went for the Lycan’s upper body and Leon went for the lower body just as the creature attempted to break Sawyer’s neck. 
The long claws of the creature tore at Sawyer’s skin as we knocked him off, and Sawyer let out a yelp in pain as his body twisted in a weird way. However, now that Sawyer was free, Leon and I would show no mercy. I snapped my jaws at the larger-than-life creature before it started to shift right before our eyes, surprising us enough to pause a moment. 
“Please!” A young girl stood naked in front of us. She couldn’t have been any more the 15. “Please! I don’t want to die! He made me do it! He said I had to!” 
“You’re a child.” Leon shifted so he could communicate, even if I thought it was dumb. Child or not, she attacked Sawyer. She knew what she was doing. 
“Yes, yes,” She cried, blood streaming down her arm. 
“Who sent you?” Leon demanded. 
“Alpha Adrian. He would kill my sister if I didn’t!” She sobbed. 
“Are there more of you?” Leon demanded as I scanned the trees. 
“Yes, but not super close to here.” She answered. “I was the one given this sector. Please. I have to help my sister. I can’t die today!” 
“I don’t understand,” Leon frowned, giving me a look, but still keeping his eyes on the girl as Arlo approached us with one of our lead warriors, Kate. 
No one else in the pack was screaming out that they were being attacked... She had only attacked once we had stopped. It didn’t make any sense. 
“Alpha King!” Eli mindlinked. 
And my heart stopped. Eli was at the packhouse and I realized why they would be in sectors. They were a distraction from the real problem. They were here for one thing and one thing only: Grace.
###Chapter 92: Rhys
My heart pounded in my chest. Grace. Grace. Grace. I had left her there. I tried to reach out to her through our connection, but all I could feel was fear pulsing through our bond. How could I have missed that during our run?  
The girl was cowering in front of me, but I didn’t care. She had wasted my time. She was a part of the problem, and she stood in my way.  
I barred my teeth at her, and my wolf took over, jumping over her as if she was nothing. She was standing between Grace and me. I heard her scream, and Sawyer howled, but I didn’t look back over my shoulder as I sprinted through the forest and back toward my mate. My mate, who I couldn’t protect.  
I frantically mindlinked all of the guards I had left behind, but nobody responded as I forced myself to go even faster.  
Another Lycan fell from a tree, hindering my progress, but I just threw it off of me like it was a bug. I heard the sound of another set of paws pounding behind me, but a quick glance back told me it was just Leon trying to keep up with me. He couldn’t, of course, but I appreciated his effort nonetheless. Kate could be trusted, she would keep the girl.  
“YOUR LUNA IS UNDER ATTACK!” I shouted through the mindlink. “PROTECT HER AT ALL COSTS.”  
There was confusion from the pack at first. They hadn’t been under attack. No one had tried to hurt any of them. But then the Lycan’s began to jump out of trees. They weren’t trying to fight from what I could tell, not really, just corral us, but I would not be stopped so easily. They were weak. Every single one I passed were smaller than Ethan and the other one we had killed.  
“Alpha!” Someone called out through the mindlink. “I think they are all kids!”  
“FUCK!” I roared. “Don’t kill them if you can help it.”  
I shut off the link and forced myself to keep running. I wished I could mindlink Grace or even Ethan to tell them to hide, find a weapon, anything, but nobody who was supposed to be there was answering and they were Lycan. They couldn’t mindlink even if they wanted to. I just hoped I wasn’t going to be too late.  
I reached out in the bond again toward Grace, but all I felt was her undeniable furry. Emotions were running through her like water. Why was she angry? Was she angry at me? Was she mad that I had left her behind? Did she think I set her up? She had to know that I would never do that.  
Suddenly, another wolf tackled me to the ground, taking me by surprise. We both went rolling, and I heard him cry out in pain. I forced my way on top to go for the kill shot when the familiar scent filled my nose.  
It was enough to give me pause as my brother shifted into his human form right before my eyes.  
“Calm down brother,” He hissed as Leon growled from somewhere near.  
I shifted too. What the fuck was he doing here? He was supposed to be banished.  
“Calm down?!” I demanded. “Calm down?! Get out of my way before I kill you from keeping me from my mate.”  
“Look, I know.” Caleb said slightly desperately. “I know, but if you barge in right now, you’re going to get yourself killed. And that would not help Grace at all.”  
“What are you talking about?” I growled.  
“It’s a part of their plan.” Caleb bit out.  
“Who’s plan?”  
“Adrian’s. He wants you to go after Grace, so he can kill you.”  
“I don’t care. I’ll win.”  
“Just wait a moment, please,” Caleb pleaded, helplessly since I had him pinned.  
“Why?”  
“Because we have to have a plan. We can’t just barge in, tell everyone to remain calm and vigilant, but stop making a scene. It’ll be too easy for them to escape that way. Now send your warriors to your weakest guard points but do it casually. We don’t want to tip them off that we know their plan.” Caleb whispered.  
“How do you know their plan?” Leon demanded.  
“It’s a long story...”  
“You went there for refuge, didn’t you?”  
Caleb looked slightly ashamed even in the darkness but nodded anyway. Of course, the Red Blood pack wouldn’t have cared if he was a traitor.  
“I know I haven’t done much to earn your trust. You both have no real reason to trust me, but I need you to trust me now. Come on.”  
I could feel his earnestness through our twin bond. I had never felt him feel that way in all our lives that I almost didn’t even believe that he was my brother.  
“Grace...”  
“I know... I know how to get to her, but we have to move.”  
Slowly, I got off of him, and then we were moving again through the forest at top speed. As soon as we broke out of the tree line and I could see the pack house, I felt like I was going to die. We raced forward, but stuck low to the ground so we wouldn’t be seen, but my heart nearly stopped when I saw at least two figures on the roof fighting. Grace’s blonde hair stood out in the night, and Caleb pointed at the helicopter off in the distance. Fuck, we had to move. And we had to move now. We had a plan for this, but no one was in a spot to execute it.  
A scream suddenly echoed through the air, so full of rage, and then I saw it. We were less than 100 feet from the house as a body fell from the roof. I had to force my wolf not to stop. Don’t be Grace. Don’t be Grace. I pleaded in my head over and over again. Please, not my Grace.  
I didn’t approach the body. Leon seemed to know that I couldn’t yet, not till I knew and did it for me.  
“Ethan.” Leon confirmed, as he turned Ethan’s head toward me. 
“Crap. Come on.”  
And I raced into the house, Grace was still in danger, and her brother was dead...
###Chapter 93: Rhys
Bodies littered the halls of my house. The stench of death was overwhelming. My people... The very people I had sworn to be protect, but none of them mattered right now... Grace.  
I raced up the stairs paying no mind to anyone. Some of the bodies were still moving slightly, but others were definitely dead. I hadn’t seen a massacre this bad since the night my parents had died. But none of it mattered.   
I let my wolf track Grace. I could feel Leon’s surprise when I raced past my floor and stopped at the rickety ladder. I shifted back to my human form again and grabbed a pair of shorts from the stashed bag and made my way up the ladder. There was no time to explain how I knew that Grace was on the roof, Ethan was dead. All I knew that we all knew was that Grace was in an unknown amount of danger still. Her brother had died protecting her, at least, that’s what I hoped had happened. 
The cool air of the night hit my face, but I used it to sober me up. There was no huge fight up here like I sort of expected. In fact, I saw nothing. I scanned the roof again, wondering if I was too late... If Grace had been kidnapped. If everything had been for nothing. How could I have been so wrong?  
But then I saw her. Crouched on the very corner of the roof, trying to hide her body from the wind, staring down at something so intensely, she hadn’t even noticed me or Caleb or Leon’s appearance. As I got closer, I could see her shaking violently, and what she was staring at, had me staring too. Her arm was stuck in a partial morph. Her hands were claws and they were covered in blood, and for a split second in time I wondered if I had once again chosen the wrong mate... If she had somehow lost control and killed everyone... 
“Grace?” I whispered.  
Her wide blue eyes were wild as she looked up at me finally noticing my presence, and my heart leaped out of my chest.  
“I killed him.” She whispered, looking back down at the blood on her paw.  
“You killed who?” I asked, nervously, afraid to know the answer.  
“I killed him.” She started frantically muttering, completely lost to her own thought. “I killed him.”  
I just stood there. Like an idiot, unsure what to do. I didn’t know who she killed or if she was going to do it again. But to my surprise, Caleb stepped forward, his eyes locked on her, as he knelt down in front of her like she was a scared animal.  
“You’re okay, Grace,” He said gently. “You’re safe.”  
She looked at him wildly, like she wanted to run.  
“Do you remember me?” He asked gently as she began frantically picking at her fur. “I’m Rhys’ twin.”  
She didn’t acknowledge him, but he gently took her hand and paw in his, forcing her to stop picking at it. 
“I killed him,” She whispered again.  
“Who did you kill, Grace?” I had never heard him be that gentle before. It was a total 180.  
“Ethan.” She breathed.  
In the distance, I could hear the helicopter approaching and the wind picked up because of it. I could also see my members of my army, my pack, begin to engage with it. Hopefully enough to deter it from coming any closer.  
“You killed Ethan?” Caleb asked, his voice completely level.  
I couldn’t hide my surprise. My Grace? My sweet, kind, gentle Grace, killed her own brother?   
“What happened?” Caleb asked.  
“He was using me,” A sob raked through her and the waterworks then started, and my heart hurt for her. I had let myself for a moment believe that she could be a monster, but she was Grace, and she was scared. No. Scared wasn’t strong enough of a word to describe what she was feeling. She was terrified. “He wasn’t re-really my brother.”  
“I know.” Caleb answered gently.  
I felt myself unfreeze and I crouched next to my brother. For the first time in a long time it seemed like we were on the same team, but I wasn’t sure I could trust him. Especially if what she said was true. We had been duked, and I had once again put my mate in danger.  
Wait... How did Caleb know? 
“Are you hurt?” He asked, his eyes scanning her over, and I did the same. 
What the fuck... I was the Alpha King. I should be taking lead on my own mate’s care, but I couldn’t get myself to speak.  
“No.” She whispered, shaking her head.  
“Good.” Caleb answered, glancing up at the helicopter that was getting closer, despite the fact that my pack was now shooting at it. “Let’s go inside, and you can tell us exactly what happened, okay?”  
“NO!” She screamed taking me off guard, and I immediately pulled her into my arms, no longer able to let my brother keep taking the lead.  
“Shhh. It’s okay. I’m here baby, it’s okay.”  
Sobs racked through her body, but she didn’t pull away to my relief.  
“I can’t go back in there, Rhys,” She pleaded. “I can’t!”  
“Why my love?” I asked.  
“It’s my fault their dead! He came for me! He killed them all to get to me!”  
“Ethan killed all those people?” I asked for clarification.  
“Y-yes.”  
“Impressive,” Caleb muttered under his breath.  
“Not. Helpful.” I answered through gritted teeth.  
The helicopter was now too close for comfort, but I didn’t know what choice I had.  
I nodded to Leon who went ahead to remove all the bodies we might pass from the ladder to my office, and then I scooped up Grace in one fluid motion. She might hate me for taking her back into the house of nightmares, but we were too exposed up here on the roof.  She could hate me if she needed too, but I wasn’t taking any more chances when it came to her. She might hate me, but at least she would be alive.
###Chapter 94: Grace
I curled up into the chair in Rhys’ office begging it to give me some comfort. I wanted to rip my own arm off for refusing to shift back to my normal self, but I knew that would only worry Rhys more, and he seemed to be in nearly as bad of a state as I was. As much as I wanted to, I couldn’t force myself to meet his eyes. All I could do was stare at him and Caleb’s shoes. A part of me knew that Caleb shouldn’t be here, but honestly, I was too damn tired to care anymore about literally anything.  
“Why isn’t her arm shifting back?” I heard Leon ask from his spot at the door that he was guarding.  
“I would say it’s probably because it was a traumatic shift. She’s still technically bound, right?” Caleb asked.  
Rhys answered yes, but I wanted to know how and why he knew so much about me. It didn’t make any sense. Most of this had come up after he had been banished... How did he know so much about me?  
“Why are you here?” I asked through my silent tears interrupting whatever they had been saying about me.  
Caleb ran a nervous hand through his hair and down his face. He was blurry to me because of my tears, but I also knew who he was. He had hurt Rhys deeply with his betrayal. He had hurt Leon’s family. But now, he was here, and different than he had been before.  
“That’s a long story,” He answered, looking nervously between Rhys and me.  
“We have time.” Rhys answered through gritted teeth as he glared at his brother.  
“I think the best way to explain it is for me to show you.”  
The man before me seemed totally different. The old Caleb oozed confidence. He would have had some story that made it look like he did nothing wrong and somehow everything that had happened to him was someone else’s fault. He would have lazily and cockily explained whatever delusions he had and wouldn’t have cared if anyone believed him. Even though I had spent very little time with the guy, I knew this would have been an accurate description. But standing before us was someone who didn’t have a lick of confidence. There was something desperate in his need for us to understand.  
“How are you going to do that?” Rhys frowned.  
He inched closer to me, but if Caleb noticed, he didn’t show it, and I tried not to acknowledge it either.  
“Give me 5 minutes, and I have to go get something.” Caleb stated, but he looked hesitant.  
To my surprise, Rhys gestured for him to go but nodded to Leon to follow him. I looked at Rhys unsure of what game he was playing. Why did he want to be alone with me? I had killed a man. I had ripped his freaking heart out and pushed him off of a building. I was terrible. I was why they had come. I was the reason all those people were dead, not just my brother. I was a monster.  
“Grace?” Rhys knelt in front of me, his hand caressing my face.  
I looked away from him. I couldn’t meet his eyes. I already knew whatever horrible things he was thinking, I was already thinking about myself. I couldn’t handle the disgust and rejection I knew I would find in his eyes.  
“Look at me,” He quietly demanded. He grabbed my jaw slightly and forced me to look at him.  
I didn’t expect to see the warmth that he met me with.  
“Breathe,” He said. “I know you’re scared right now but breathe. I’m here now. You’re safe. Our alliances have started to arrive, they will also help keep you safe, Grace.”  
“I don’t deserve to be kept safe.” I whispered, fighting back the tears that were threatening to fall once again.  
“Gracie, whatever happened, it’s not your fault.” He said gently his voice so sincere.  
I didn’t say anything. He didn’t understand yet. It was my fault. It was a 100% my fault. But he would once he started talking to people.  
“Can I guess what happened?” He asked.  
I nodded, sure that he wasn’t going to guess.  
“My guess is that Ethan used the pack hunt to his advantage. He then killed all my guards and then lured you into a false sense of security. You followed him thinking you could trust him, and you ‘hid’ on the roof. However, you then realized that he was lying to you and was my guess bringing you back to Adrian and Kinsley, and you killed him for his betrayal.”  
I looked at him with wide eyes. I hadn’t expected him to guess so on point.  
“They’re all dead because of me,” I whispered.  
“No. They’re all dead because of Ethan and Adrian. You were just a product of circumstance, sadly. But don’t worry, I’m not going anywhere. I will stand by you in this, and everything that comes after. We will figure this out, together.”  
“I can’t shift back.” I confided tiredly.  
“Just breathe.” Rhys soothed. “You are human, Gracie. And not a monster. You are safe right now. It’s okay to just let go.”  
I closed my eyes and tried to just breathe. I was okay. I wasn’t in a pack that hated me. I was with someone who actually seemed to care even when the world didn’t seem to. I was okay. Ethan couldn’t harm me anymore. 
I felt the tingles on my arm, but I didn’t lose my focus. I was human. I was okay. I was safe.  
When I opened my eyes, my arm was back to normal. There was no more fur or claws, and it was its normal size. I was me again, and I couldn’t help but breathe a sigh of relief.  
Rhys grabbed a small towel from the closet and tried to get as much of the blood that he could off of me without water or scrubbing too hard. It didn’t really do much, but I appreciated the effort.  
Knock. Knock. Knock.  
I felt myself stiffen for a moment wondering if we were going to be attacked again. I didn’t think I’d be able to handle anything else of that magnitude.  
“Come in,” Rhys answered.  
Caleb nervously popped his head in before opening the door more and stepping in.  
However, instead of Leon following him in, a little girl entered the room, her hand in his. And all I could think was, what the fuck was going on?
###Chapter 95: Rhys
I stared at my brother, completely dumbfounded. When he said he had something to show me, I didn’t think he meant a human, let alone a child. The little girl appeared to be about 7, no more than 8. She had long dark hair, and she clung to my brother like he was her lifeline, clearly terrified. 
“This is what you had to show me?” I frowned, sneaking a glance at Grace to see my own confusion mirrored on her face. “A child.”  
Caleb swallowed hard and nodded once before saying, “Rhys, meet your niece.” 
“I don’t understand...” I rubbed my face tiredly, sitting on the arm of Grace’s chair, so I could hold her closer to me.  
“This is my daughter, Sammy... When I got banished, I went pretty much directly to the Red Blood pack. I know they were technically an alliance, but based on how they treated Grace, I didn’t really think they would have an issue with me being there, and I was right. They loved that they could have an Alpha Prince to help them with their plans, especially because you banished me, and they thought they could use me and I could get my revenge. A fair trade...” He took a deep breath before continuing, “And for a bit, I was on their side... I probably would have continued to be if I hadn’t run into my mate...”  
I frowned. “Your mate?”  
The look of shame that crossed Caleb’s face was concerning.  
“Yes, I met my mate 8 years ago... Her name was Katherine... But she went by Kate. Her and I had a one-night stand, and I selfishly rejected her and all but kicked her out of the pack... I wasn’t ready for a mate. I didn’t want a mate. But I also didn’t want to see my mate with anyone else. I know. I didn’t deserve a mate then, nor do I now. I was horrible.”  
“Okay...” I said slowly. I could connect the dots from here, but I wanted to hear it from him.  
“When I ran into Kate again, she was in bad shape. She worked for Luna Kinsley, however, she was not well-liked by her. When I saw her, I didn’t know what to think. The bond wasn’t really in place anymore, but she begged me for help, and that’s when I found out about Sammy... They had this plan to send the kids here in their attack to help recover Luna Grace. I had to sneak Sammy out of the ranks and hide her until the situation was under control. We know we probably can’t stay here, but we came to ask for sanctuary at least for a little while.”  
I ran my hand tiredly over my face. Did he have any right to be asking for sanctuary? No. He knew that. I knew that. Grace knew that. But he was also my brother, and I had never seen my brother like this before. He wasn’t playing around or thinking he was getting away with something. He was humble and honest, and I found myself worried about him for the first time in a long time.  
“Sweetie, where is your mom now?” I asked, addressing the small girl who was clinging to Caleb in fear.  
“She’s dead, sir.” She answered quietly.  
My eyes flickered to Caleb’s, and I could see the heartbreak in them clear as day. He may not have loved her, but she was his mate, and that was enough.  
“I’m sorry to hear that.” I responded uneasily. “That isn’t easy.”  
“But why come here?” Grace chimed in. “If you knew there was going to be an attack and you were trying to protect Sammy, why come to where the action was happening?”  
She brought up a good point. Why would anyone willing walk into danger like that?  
“It was the only way out,” Caleb answered with a hard swallow. “The Red Blood pack is under lockdown currently. Unless you are assigned a mission, you are not leaving. It’s impossible. I had to prove my rank and loyalty to get in...” 
I could see that my brother was changed. Whatever had happened in his time away from us had clearly made him rethink everything.  
“I am willing to accept life in prison if it means I get to keep my daughter near me.”  
My heart broke a little. Between nearly losing Grace today, and everything else that seemed to be piling on, I couldn’t imagine sending my brother to the dungeons. I felt myself growing softer the more time I spent with Grace. Before I would have accepted that deal as fair, but now I didn’t want to hurt that little girl more than she had already been.  
A quick look at Grace though showed that she didn’t share my sentiment. In fact, the glare on her face took me by surprise.  
“Grace?” I prodded.  
“What if he’s plotting just like Ethan was?” She demanded angrily. “This would be another surefire way to get in.”  
“Sweetheart,” Caleb said coldly, “If I wanted to turn you into Adrian and Kinsley, I would have already done so. However, I do not believe that would be in the best interest for my daughter or myself. As I told you, they were using children to attack.”  
Grace turned toward me, her face reflecting the horror that I felt flooding our bond.  
“They actually used kids to attack us?”  
“Yes.” I told her.  
“Lycan kids?” She asked.  
“Yes.”  
“Did you kill them?” There was a nervousness in her voice that told me she was more than a little bit afraid of what I was going to say.  
“They are being corralled into the empty ballroom.” I told her, my eyes meeting hers.  
“You didn’t kill them on spot?” She asked in surprise.  
“They are not monsters, Gracie.” I told her, brushing a loose strand of hair out of her face. “Just like you are not a monster. They had to choose to survive or die, same as you.”  
She looked like she was starting to believe me, but then her eyes fell on Sammy, who tucked herself slightly behind Sammy for safety as if to protect herself from the question.”  
“And Sammy, are you Lycan as well?” Grace breathed, waiting for the response with bated breath. 
“Yes.”
###Chapter 96: Grace
The poor poor girl. My heart hurt for her. She would never understand the full weight of what that meant. How heavy it would be to carry for the rest of her life. She didn’t know yet, but she would. She might not now, but that would change, and it would destroy her, just as it had destroyed everyone before her.  
“Stop that.” Rhys growled from his spot next to me.  
“What?” I asked in surprise.  
“That line of thinking is not helpful to you or anyone else, so it needs to cease.” 
I frowned. I knew he could feel things through our bond, but I didn’t realize how exact he could be at times. I hated that he seemed to know me even better than I knew myself. I was nothing short of a mess.  
I rubbed the sleepiness from my eyes. I knew that when sleep finally took over, I would be forced to face what I have done, but that was a later problem. Rhys needed me to be productive, not him having to carry me through the situation as he had so often done since I had arrived here. I needed to table my feelings for later and focus.  
“So what now?” I asked with a sigh.  
“Now, we go and handle the kids. We make sure the area is secure, but also that needs are met. I assume that Adrian is expecting that they are all dead?” Rhys asked his brother.  
“He expected them to die. He didn’t expect you to catch on that they weren’t trained soldiers. They were there to just pose as a distraction. He was using them as collateral.”  
“Why would anyone use kids as collateral? They’re kids.”  
“Right,” Caleb nodded, his face somber. “But they can’t fight in the end, at least not as well as adults. They kept some of the older teens back, but anyone whose parents had given them issues or who they deemed as weak got sent off. The youngest on the list was 6.”  
“6?” I gasped. “Did the child even know what they were supposed to be doing?”  
“They were told to be shifted in the trees, and once one dropped out, they all were supposed to.” Caleb grimaced at his own words.  
6 years old? That was crazy. I knew that Adrian and Kinsley didn’t care about anyone but themselves, but even that seemed cruel for them.  
“That’s horrible.” I said finally.  
Caleb nodded, and I could feel the tension growing in Rhys the more we talked.  
“Go rest in your old quarters, Caleb. You and Sammy can stay until we figure things out.”  
Caleb looked surprised, but nodded, and lifted Sammy into his arms. She immediately nuzzled into his neck, and I knew that the day that had had was horrific, but they had managed to get out mostly unscathed. I had never imagined any of the guys in my life with kids, even though I knew Leon had some, but seeing Caleb with a daughter, really threw me off.

“What are we going to do?” I asked Rhys and Leon when the door shut behind Caleb. Leon had been unusually quiet throughout the whole exchange.  
“About which part?” Rhys asked.  
“Well, we need to start somewhere, so I guess what are we going to do about the kids.” 
“I already answered that question, Grace.” Rhys said firmly, but his voice patient as he could manage. 
“No, I mean, are they going to stay indefinitely? Who will take care of them? Are they safe to keep? Is this another way to infiltrate our home?”  
Rhys ran and tired hand over his face, and Leon stiffened from his spot at the door.  
“I don’t know the answer to any of those, but I think it would be cruel no matter what their intentions are to turn kids out to die.” Rhys said after a long moment.  
“Are you worried that they are Lycan?” I asked, my voice small.  
“The only thing I am truly worried about is that your skin is still ice cold, and your thoughts have turned awfully negative.” Rhys responded.  
“Leon?” I asked, changing the subject. 
“Yes, Luna?” He responded as he took a step closer to us.  
“Is your family okay?”  
A hint of a smile crossed his face at my question, and he nodded. “My wife is downstairs helping with the kids, and my kids are with another packmate. Thank you for asking.”  
I nodded and leaned into Rhys, feeling exhausted already, but our work was just getting started. I looked around for the first time realizing someone was missing from our little group.  
“Where’s Sawyer?” I asked.  
“He was hurt in the attack.” Rhys answered uneasily. “He’s at clinic currently being taken care of. I know he’s in good hands, but I do want to see him as soon as we attend to all other matters and check in with everything else. Especially because I don’t want the news of his brother being back to come from anyone but me.” 
“How did you even run into him?” I asked, realizing I didn’t know, or if I had been told, I had been too out of it to realize.  
“He saved my life. He tipped me off that it was Adrian, and then once we realized they were here for you, he helped me get to you.”  
“How many other injuries were there?”   
“16 dead, 23 injured.” Leon answered. Clearly, he had been mindlinking with people this whole time. 
My heart hurt at the news. I was the reason Sawyer was hurt. I was the one who had caused all of these injuries and deaths. It was me.  
“Leon, go check things over for us, we won’t be long behind, we just need to have a little chat.”  
The way he said chat made my heart flutter. I looked up at him, but his face was as unreadable as ever. And how he could want to be alone with a monster like me, I didn’t understand at all. For all he knew, he could be next.
###Chapter 97: Grace
As soon as the door behind Leon shut, Rhys picked me up out of my cozy chair and sat me on top of his desk. My eyes met his in surprise, wondering why the abrupt change in seats.  
“Rhys? What are you doing?” I asked hesitantly.  
He didn’t answer though as he pulled my hoodie off, and his mouth met my neck. I immediately shifted to give him better access, but I still didn’t fully understand what was going on.  
“Rhys?” His name came out breathlessly, but my confusion was clear. “You shouldn’t be touching me like this.”  
His hands began to run down the sides of my body, and I hated how I craved his touch.  
“Why?” He asked in between kisses. “Your skin is still ice cold; I’m just helping you warm up a little.”  
I moaned slightly as he began to kiss lower, and lower, sending tingles throughout my lower belly, making me want more. No. Need more.  
I snapped out of my stupor nearly as quickly as I had fallen for his trap.  
“But we have things to do. You shouldn’t touch me like this,” I repeated as my body shuttered slightly.  
“And why is that, Gracie?” He asked, pushing me back so I was laying on the desk now as he proceeded to wiggle my pants off, so I was on full display for him.  
“Because I am a monster,” I told him, trying not to be affected by the things he was doing to my body, but it was getting harder and harder as his tongue flicked at my clit.  
He tsked at me, and the look on his face didn’t show any piece of the resentment, anger or disgust that I expected.  
“Gracie, look at me,” He said sternly, stopping whatever he had just been doing to my body, making me mis it already.  
I reluctantly met his eyes with mine, unsure of what the point of all this was. I mean, there were people who I was sure were awaiting his orders, and we were doing this.  
“You are no more of a monster than I am. And if I am a monster, then I am glad to be a monster alongside you. You are kind, and caring, and a product of circumstance. You are not what has happened to you. You are so much more than the blood on your hands, or the things others have said to you or about you. You don’t even realize the power you hold over me. How I cannot breathe when you are not around. How you consume my every thought. How you have taken over the reins of my life and I never want them back. Without you, there is no me. And I almost lost you tonight. I keep saying that I’ll protect you, and then I let you down, time and time again. But this self-hatred, monster talk stops here. You are my Queen Luna. You deserve love and care and protection. My pack is my pack, but you are the most important thing in the world to me. And I will stop time any time you need like I am now. You deserve my everything. Let me give you my everything.”  
He didn’t wait for me to respond, and honestly, I’m not sure I could have even if I wanted to. He lowered his own pants and lined himself at my entrance, finding a steady beat. I gripped at Rhys’ hair, pulling it slightly as I arched up to meet his mouth whenever he slowed down. He teased my body, twisting my nipples, and changing his rhythm whenever he felt like it.  
“Rhys, please,” I begged, no longer able to take his teasing.  
The satisfaction he felt from having me beg filled the bond, but my senses were too overwhelmed to care. He found the sweet spot, ready to send me over the edge. I was almost there, I could feel it building.  
“Look at me.” He demanded, and my eyes found his a little hesitantly. “You are mine, Gracie. Now and forever. The Alpha King’s mate, and refer to yourself as anything less, I will have to punish you. This moment we’re in? It’s so you know that no matter what happens, you are wanted by the Alpha King. And you will always have your place amongst the Alpha King. You, my love, you are the Alpha fucking Queen.”  
His words hit hard and then my orgasm hit harder. My body shook as ecstasy crashed through me as he kept pounding me, chasing his own. I knew the moment he reached his as he all but froze on top of me.  
Neither of us moved for a long few moments, both of us breathing heavily from our little moment of bliss. As I stared into his eyes, I knew he believed every single word he had said. And a large part of me did too as he brushed the hair out of my face.  
“Look at that,” He breathed, with a smirk. “It seems that my ice queen has finally warmed up a little.”  
I let out a breathy laugh, unsure of what to say to him, knowing he meant it both in the way that I was no longer cold and in the way that he had broken through my cold thoughts about myself and melted them away. He had a way of doing that with me. 
“We should get dressed,” I whispered. “Everyone is probably waiting on us.”  
“Let them wait,” He answered, but pulled away, and pulled me up into a sitting position with him. “You are the most important person in the world to me, and we will not jump into anything till you are ready.”  
“I’m ready.” I breathed.  
Rhys raised his brows at me in question.  
“I took enough resources today and it nearly cost us everything. For some it did cost them everything... I’m okay enough. I’m rattled, I’m scared, and I’m exhausted, but I’m alive. And I am your Luna Queen, and in that means I need to lock it all away for little bit, and be what they need, what you need.”  
Pride shown in Rhys’ eyes, and I felt myself blush. I was terrified of who I was inside, but Rhys was right. I needed to do good. I could make that choice for myself. I would not let myself become what they had. I would do better; I would be better. After all, there was no choice. This was my path, and I had to take it. But I had no idea where it would lead me, all I knew was that I was going, and for now, that was enough.
###Chapter 98: Grace
Rhys and I made our way to the large ballroom that has been blocked off to contain the kids. The packhouse was chaos. There was a med station set up in opening of the clinic lobby, and the kitchen had a buffet setup for everyone as they came in. Everyone’s faces showed the same weariness that I felt, and honestly probably showed. Rhys and I had gotten changed into some clean clothes and I had scrubbed the blood off of my skin to the best of my ability without taking the time to shower. I felt gross, but I knew that I would have time later to clean up. This was more important.  
“Oh thank god!” A relieved voice called out, and I felt myself relax as Alana wrapped her arms around me. I didn’t realize that I had been nervous to know the state of my friend. The thought that maybe she had been one of the ones that Rhys had left here to help protect me had crossed my mind. But she was here, and she was safe.  
“Are you alright? Are you hurt? I was so scared for you!” She blubbered, pulling away slightly to look me up and down.  
“I should be the one asking you that!” I exclaimed, doing the same thing. She was the same to me. No new marks. No blood. No visible injuries at all.  
She pulled me into her again, and I returned her tight squeeze. I was grateful that after everything, she still wanted to be my friend.  
“Do you want to come with me, or do you want to stay and chat with your friend?” Rhys whispered in my ear when we finally broke apart. There was no malice in his voice, but I felt my cheeks flush with embarrassment. I was lucky. The people I loved were here, and they were safe. But not everyone had been so lucky.  
“I’m sorry, Alana,” I told her earnestly, “The Alpha King and I are on a mission right now, can we catch up later?”  
“Of course!” She replied, waving her hand and smiling like it was nothing. “Is there anything I can do to help, your majesty?”   
If Rhys was surprised, he didn’t show it. “As a matter of fact,” He told her, but he was looking anywhere else, “We were just going to check on the children who were forced to fight us. Would you mind tagging along? Once we decide what to do, we’re probably going to need extra hands.”  
If that statement made Alana nervous, she didn’t show it. She just eagerly replied that she was happy to help and that she loved children. I don’t know if she truly processed that these kids were trained to kill, but it didn’t seem to bother her at all. She just linked her arm with mine and off we went toward the unknown chaos.  
I honestly had no idea what to expect when we opened the door, and we asked Alana to wait there for further instructions, but I did not expect to see so many guards at each door and in the hallway, or the glares from the older kids that we received when we crossed the threshold.  
The room was empty except for about 50 kids. Despite them all being supposedly from my old pack, I didn’t recognize a single face. They were all divided into 6 different groups. Each group seemed to have an older teenager, anywhere from 15 –18 years old, who positioned themselves between us and their charges. The rest of the kids in each group ranged from 5 – 13. The younger kids were clinging to some of the older ones, but there were two groups led by girls, and 4 by guys, all trying to look tough and fearless, even though it was obvious they were scared to death.  
“My name is Alpha King Rhys. Today, you guys attacked my pack in an attempt to help Alpha Adrian gain access to my mate.”  
Rhys’ words hung heavily in the air, and a small voice from one of the groups asked, “Is Alpha Adrian here for us?”   
The small child was immediately shushed, but I couldn’t tell from their tone if they wanted to go back to him or if they were afraid to.  
“I assume, there is someone among you who is in charge, and I would like to talk to them.” Rhys continued as if the child hadn’t spoken.  
“That would be me, sir.”  
I hated how my mind was surprised to know that it was a girl who had spoken up. She was tall for a girl, maybe 5’8 to 5’10, and she couldn’t be older than 17. Her dark brown hair was messy, but pulled into two dutch braids down that stopped about halfway down her back. Her lip was split, and she had a dark purple bruise that covered a large portion of her upper arm. However, she did not look even slightly put off that she was the one who was going to be dealing with the Alpha King. But looks could be deceiving, and I wondered what it was she actually felt. 
“And you are?” Rhys asked, keeping all interest off his face, even though I felt it pique through our bond.  
“Maizie, sir,” She answered strongly. “I was voted by the kids to speak for us.”  
Rhys raised his brows, but I knew he was impressed that they had organized in this way. I knew I was. 
“Do you have a second in command that you would like to join in our conversation?” Rhys asked.  
“That would be Michael, sir,” She answered, gesturing toward the guy in front of the group closest to her. It was clear that they had set themselves up next to each other for convenience purposes. Michael had short blond hair and stood at about 6’3. He had the most menacing look, but a 6-year-old boy was clinging to the back of his shirt with a fear that made me feel horrible for pulling Michael away from him.  
One of the guards placed a table in the corner, near one of the exits for us to meet with the children. Rhys pulled my chair out for me, and I sat down, and Rhys took the seat next to me, as the two leaders made their way over to us, and whatever they were going to say, I was sure we were not going to be ready for it.
Chapter 99: Grace
I folded my hands in my lap, so no one could see me fidget with them. I could do this. I could be brave and handle this Luna responsibility. I still didn’t believe that I deserved to be Luna, let alone Queen Luna, but I didn’t want to embarrass Rhys or give anyone else a reason to hate me, so I was telling myself I could do this. I could do this for these poor kids.  
The guy, Michael, dislodged himself from the young kid’s grip and handed him off to the next oldest of his group who seemed to be only about 13.  
Godess. What kind of cruel person sent kids to fight their battle? Were they brainwashed? Scared? Should Rhys and I be worried about our safety? Should we be worried about any of their injuries? I mean, I could see bruises sticking out like sore thumbs on almost every kid here.  
Maizie and Michael moved together across the room to our makeshift table and directed all the other kids to wait on the other side of the room. Maizie looked calm and composed, but I didn’t like the look on Michael’s face. He was masking fear, and fear at that level was dangerous.   
Once they were book seated, Rhys started. He casually reached over, placing his hand over mine, and it instantly made me feel a little more comfortable.  
“Thank you for agreeing to meet with us.” Rhys said, even though we all knew there really was no choice.  
Maizie nodded, but Michael didn’t say anything. His arms were crossed, and his glare was still firmly in place.  
“We want to know what you guys know.” Rhys continued. “Why did you attack? Who was responsible for this?”  
“I think you know the answer to those questions already.” Maizie said calmly, but I could see her nerves in the way she was drumming her fingers lightly on the table.  
“And we want to hear it from you.” Rhys retorted.  
“Alpha Adrian sent us to be slaughtered by you in an attempt to gain access to your mate.” Maizie answered, repeating and confirming what we had learned from Caleb just a little bit ago. “He didn’t expect you to kidnap us instead.”  
“I wouldn’t call this kidnapping,” Rhys responded cooly. “I saved your lives. At least most of them anyway, how many causalities did you guys have?”  
Maizie’s face hardened, and her eyes narrowed at us. “Two.” She said finally.  
“How old were they?” I asked, speaking up for the first time.  
“Sammy was 7, and Luke was 13.”  
“Sammy is safe. She is with her dad right now.” Rhys told her. “But to lose anyone so young is a tragedy. We will do what we can to commemorate his memory for you all once the dust settles around here.”  
“Why would you do that?” Michael demanded. Maizie shot him a look that screamed to shut up, but he didn’t seem to be the least bit bothered.  
“Because we are on the same side here,” Rhys replied bluntly. “I’m assuming you didn’t come here by your own volition. I’m hoping that I am not wrong in thinking that you didn’t want to attack us. And that leads us to the same enemy.”  
“You’re just going to use us as pawns, same as he did.” Michael bit out angrily. “Don’t think we don’t know your reputation. You’re crueler than he is.”  
I don’t know if it was the lack of sleep, but my body tensed, and it took all I had not to yell at this kid that he had no idea what he was talking about. Rhys gently squeezed my hand, and a quick look at him told me he was unbothered by what the kid was saying. The kid was just afraid, and this was his way of dealing with it. 
Maizie kicked Michael under the table, and she sent him a warning look before turning back to Rhys and I.  
“I apologize for his rudeness.” She said carefully, “He didn’t mean to offend you, sir.”  
Rhys surprised us all but letting out a slight chuckle. “I’ve heard worse. And he’s right to be weary. I have a reputation, and I do not hide behind false pretenses. My mate here has made me softer, I’m afraid, however, even at my worst, I would never use or harm children, and I certainly wouldn’t force them to fight in a war that they did not ask to be a part of.”  
“Thank you for your understanding our position,” Maizie stated in a clear voice. “But I must be honest, I don’t understand if you are not going to use us, what was the point of saving us?”  
“You are kids, you deserve to be kids and treated as kids.” I answered this time, my voice soft. “The Alpha King rescued me from the Red Blood pack some time ago, and I have learned so much from coming here. Here, we will work together to protect you and educate you, and let you be the children you are. No catches. No forced fights. Nothing expected in return except respect.”  
“Are you serious?” Maizie’s voice was soft. For the first time since I had laid eyes on her when I walked in the room, she looked vulnerable. I knew the offer seemed too good to be true, but we were giving it. I didn’t need to talk to Rhys to know that this was the right thing to do. They needed this, and we could do it for them. “You’re not going to send us back to Adrian? Or kill us for all the damage we’ve done?”  
“We’re serious.” Rhys answered.  
Maizie looked like she could cry. She blinked her eyes rapidly but recovered when Michael elbowed her.  
“Do you have any more questions for us?” She asked when she had her composure back. 
“I do.” I said, surprising Rhys, “I grew up in Red Blood pack, I don’t remember seeing any of your faces before...”  
Maizie looked uncomfortable with the question but answered anyway. “I grew up in Red Blood pack. I was trained to be a warrior. My whole life, both Michael and I were trained under Alpha Adrian. About half the kids here were taken from their families within the pack and placed in his training program. The other half are recent turns. Their families have either just been turned or their families didn’t agree with what Alpha Adrian was doing and were taken as a punishment into the ranks. There’s about a 100 more back home still in the program.”  
I felt Rhys suck in a sharp breath next to me, and it was my turn to try and comfort him by leaning into him move.  
“Thank you for sharing. I’m sure you are all hungry, so we will have food, and toiletries brought in. There is no catch, but we need to be sure we can trust you and protect you before you leave the area. Everything you need will be brought here for the time being. Alana is going to be in charge of it, and if you have any problems, you tell her, and she will tell me, okay?”  
Maizie nodded, but her eyes flickered between Rhys and I as we stood up to leave.  
“Sir,” She asked, standing herself. “I know I don’t deserve this information, but is the guy I hurt alright?”  
She looked so nervous and sick, but I had no idea what she was talking about, but Rhys’ face hardened then softened all in a matter of moments before he said, “I don’t know but I’ll let you know when I do.”
###Chapter 100: Rhys
Their leader was the girl who had attacked Sawyer... My wolf howled in my head, wanting to rip her head off. However, I needed to be logical. She was just a child. She had been doing what she was told. She was a child.  
Grace gave my arm a squeeze and we started back out the room.  
“Gracie?” I whispered when we were far enough away. “Is it bad that I wanted to kill her?”  
Grace looked at me slightly blankly before asking, “Who did she hurt?”  
Guilt washed over me in a flood. I hadn’t told her. I hadn’t even mentioned that anything had happened to Sawyer. She was going to be so mad at me... I could already sense her unease.  
“Alpha King,” Someone interrupted. “You are being requested in the medical wing”  
Well, so much for getting out of the conversation... I nodded at the pack member and took Grace’s hand in mine. It was okay if she was mad at me... It felt like there were a million things to talk about, but not nearly enough hours in the day for it. She would understand that I hadn’t mentioned Sawyer, right?  
“I forgot to tell you something.” I told her, feeling nervous all the sudden. I wasn’t even that nervous to see him. I knew he would understand. But would she? Would she be mad it wasn’t the first thing out of my mouth once I knew she was safe? I mean, that was part of being Royal... Putting every single person’s needs above your own. But to not tell her he had been hurt? One of her only friends?  
She narrowed her eyes at me in a way that I knew she meant to be slightly intimidating but really made her just look hot. She could glare at me any day.  
“And what was that?” She asked. And I loved that she was feeling bold with me instead of shrinking into herself the way she usually did with things like this.  
“Sawyer was injured in the fight by that girl that we just negotiated with.” I answered.  
We were surrounded by people, but Grace froze. She didn’t even seem to notice the commotion she caused. She didn’t seem to notice the disgruntled noises by everyone around, or that I shielded her from being jostled. She was just staring off into space, seeing something that I couldn’t see.  
“Grace?” I coaxed, lifting her chin so she’d be forced to look at me, but her eyes still didn’t meet mine.  
“He got hurt because of me?”  
I closed my eyes and wrapped my body around hers. Everything about being with her felt natural. Even now when everything felt out of touch, and I felt like everything was out of control, she was grounding to me. She kept me in this moment from losing total control. But she was also the reason behind everything, not that I blamed her. She was special. And they wanted to abuse her power. I would not let them. Starting today, we were going on the offense. I may not have started this war, but I also have never lost one either, and I would be damned if I started to now.  
When Grace didn’t respond, I picked her up, receiving only a small gasp of acknowledgement that she even knew where she was in space in time. She could be lost, but we were going to be lost in space that allowed us to be, and not in one where everyone was watching us... very closely.  
“Oh Alpha King, is the Luna alright?” Someone rushed over to ask as we entered into the clinic.  
I had ravished her body only a couple hours ago. I knew she wasn’t injured. But was she alright? Only time would tell. 
“We are actually here to see my brother,” I answered, “The Luna was just being... difficult.” I teased.  
The comment earned me a small pinch, but at least it showed that she was responsive again. I didn’t know what to do when she got lost in her head like that.  
The young nurse led us to Sawyer’s room. Grace attempted to demand me to put her down, but I just ignored her struggles. I was in control, and she needed to remember that.  
“There you guys are!” Arlo’s voice rang out, the worry in it evident. “Grace, are you hurt?”  
She glared at me as I finally put her back on her feet, and then she gave Arlo a polite smile. “I’m alright. How’s Sawyer?”  
Arlo gave a little shrug. “He’s still unconscious. It’s like something zapped his energy out there, so his healing is slow, but Dr. Lewis thinks that he will be alright. He just needs rest.”  
I see Grace’s face drain of color, and I feel myself straining to stay calm. His energy was zapped? No, he was attacked, and injured, but nothing else weird happened.  
The doctor mistook our silence as understanding, but I didn’t really want to say anything in front of him anyway. This was our battle. We would deal with it as it came and not give away how little we seemed to know.  
 As soon as the door shut, Arlo was looking at us expectantly, and I sighed, running a hand over my face tiredly. “What, Arlo?”  
“Sir, tell me that the person who did this is dead now?” Arlo growled.  
“You saw the girl, Arlo,” I answered simply. “She’s a child.”  
“A child?” Arlo sneered causing Grace to take a step back, so she was flesh against me. “She nearly killed him!”  
“And I’ve spoken to her and every other child that they sent on a suicide mission. I will not punish children when the adults in their lives set them up for failure. They were just doing what they were told.”  
“That girl was old enough to make her own choices!” Arlo seethed.  
“She is a child.” I repeated firmly, not falling into the bait he was laying.  
“You. Are. Becoming. Soft.”  
“Go cool down before you say something you regret.” I growled at him, wrapping my arms around Grace. I wanted to throw her behind me, but I didn’t believe that Arlo would attack. And I wasn’t willing to throw my trust away on a moment of anger from a longtime friend.  
Arlo glared at us, but he took my advice, slamming the door behind him, leaving us to deal with what he left in his wake...