###Chapter 1 Caught in the Act

"John... who do you like more, me or your fiancée?" In the bedroom,the woman's voice was so sweet it gave Isabella goosebumps.
Isabella Taylor had received a text,from her fiancé John Williams,asking her to come to their soon-to-be marital home. He said it was urgent.
She had taken time off work and hurried to the house.

To her shock, when she opened the door with her key, she heard this seductive female voice coming from the bedroom.

"Of course it's you... my darling..." John panted between ragged breaths."Isabella is just... a cold fish... She can't compare... to you... baby..."

The bedroom filled with intimate sounds and heavy breathing. Though Isabella was inexperienced herself, she knew exactly what was happening behind that door. Each sound felt like a knife twisting in her heart, the pain so sharp it nearly took her breath away.

She could never have imagined that the man about to marry her would be with another woman in their marital home, on the wedding bed she had personally prepared.

They were so desperate they hadn't even closed the bedroom door.


John stood there, completely naked,his muscled body glistening with sweat as he gripped the woman's thighs. Her legs were spread high in the air, her wild moans echoing through the room with each powerful thrust of his hips.


Beneath their bodies, the bed sheets were completely disheveled and crumpled from their frenzied activity.

Isabella felt bile rising in her throat. The house-she had renovated it. The

bed-she had bought it. The bedding-she had just replaced it new. Now all of it was defiled.
She wanted none of it anymore. Not the house, not the bed, and certainly not John.
Isabella pushed the door open and calmly looked at the two people in front of her.
"Oh, you're here!" The woman on the bed was the first to notice her and even greeted her.
John turned around at the sound. Seeing Isabella, he scrambled off the woman, wrapped himself in a sheet, and ran over to grab Isabella's hand."Isabella, let me explain."
Thinking about how those hands had just been on another woman.Isabella felt disgusted and pulled her hand away forcefully. "Don't touch me. I find you disgusting."

"Isabella, it wasn't my fault. She seduced me..." John tried to explain.

The woman on the bed sneered, her eyes full of disdain.

Compared to John's embarrassment, the woman was calm and unhurried.She didn't even bother to put on clothes, just draped a blanket over herself and leaned against the headboard, watching the drama unfold.

Isabella suddenly felt that all of this was meaningless and didn't want to entangle with John any longer. "John, we're breaking up.I'm not marrying you."

"Isabella, you dare? Aren't you afraid of your grandma..." John was sure Isabella wouldn't dare.


Isabella indeed didn't dare. She was getting married for Ella, who was in

the late stages of cancer and whose only wish was to see her get married.

John continued, "Isabella, I'm a man-I have needs. If you'd been more...willing, I wouldn't have had to look elsewhere!"
Isabella let out a bitter laugh. "So now it's my fault?"

"Come on, it's just physical. Every guy does it," John said with a smirk.

Looking at John's shameless smile,Isabella felt utterly disappointed. She raised her hand and slapped him across the face.
"What the hell, Isabella?! How dare you hit me?" John looked at her in disbelief. "Well, wedding's off. See how you explain this to your precious grandma."

"If you won't marry her, I will!" Atall, slender man walked in from outside.

The man pointed at the woman on the bed and said to Isabella,"Let me introduce myself. I'm her boyfriend, oh, now ex-boyfriend."

Then he shook hands with Isabella and said, "Hello,I'm another victim."

John rushed forward, roughly pushing the man away and sternly reprimanding. "Take your hands off her. Don't touch my fiancée."

"Yours? I thought you just said you weren't marrying her? Well, as it happens, I need a wife."

With a casual shove, he sent John tumbling to the ground.

The man bent down slightly and said softly to Isabella, "Miss Taylor, if you don't mind, would you do me the honor of becoming my wife?"

Before Isabella could respond, he wrapped his arm around her and led her away decisively, completely ignoring John's angry shouts behind them.


Isabella thought he was just putting on a show to spite John and his ex-girlfriend. Little did she know, he was dead serious, taking her directly to the City Hall.
Isabella did the craziest thing she had ever done in her life: she married a man she had just met.
Because she had no other choice, the wedding had to go on.

She couldn't let her grandmother worry. She also couldn't force herself to continue the wedding with John. The thought of John's betrayal made her feel as if she had swallowed a fly.
Isabella learned that his name was Michael Johnson.

After leaving City Hall, Michael kept both marriage certificates. Though Isabella found it odd that he took her copy too, she didn't question it.given their unusual circumstances and brief acquaintance.

Michael offered to drive Isabella back. After a moment's consideration, she directed him to the hotel where she had been staying for her wedding.

During the ride, he assured her not to worry aboutthe wedding arrangements-he would handle everything to ensure she had the perfect ceremony.


Thinking about John's betrayal and threats, and comparing them to·Michael's gentlemanly behavior, Isabella felt a surge of boldness.

Before she could stop herself, she stammered, "Th-thank you... I really do need a wedding...Would you like to... come up for a while... we could..."

Her voice trailed off as she blushed deeply, head bowed in embarrassment.She wished she could take back her words and couldn't bring herself to look at him, missing the flash of delight that crossed his eyes.

"Yes," he responded in a deep, quiet voice.

Silently, he followed her out of the car and up to her room,walking a step behind her the whole way.
###Chapter 2 The First Night

Isabella thought she must have gone mad.

The scene of John's infidelity kept haunting her mind. She wondered if sex really meant that much to men.
As soon as they entered,she pushed him against the wall and rose on her tiptoes to kiss him.
Inexperienced but driven by impulse, her kiss was clumsy-she accidentally bit him too hard.

Michael hissed in pain.

Before she could apologize, he took control, his tongue seeking hers.

Soon,Isabella felt lightheaded from the kiss, her arms naturally finding their way around Michael's waist for support.

Michael captured her earlobe between his lips, gently nibbling and breathing warm air against her ear.

A tingling sensation spread through her body like electricity, drawing out an involuntary moan.


Her strength seemed to leave her, making her cling to him even more.

Michael slowly undressed her until only he bra remained, struggling with the clasp.

He whispered in her ear, "Isabella, help me with this, would you? I can't seem to figure it out..."

When Isabella realized what she'd helped Michael do, clarity finally returned-but by then she was down to just her bra.

She pushed him away and quickly pulled on a robe.

"I'm sorry, I shouldn't have.." She kept her head down,embarrassed by her bold behavior.
She hated herself. She blamed herself for being too conservative with John before, which led to his cheating. Now ironically,she was about to give her first time to a man she barely knew.
Michael gazed at her intensely. Seeing her like a frightened rabbit,head bowed while biting her lip, he couldn't help but pull her into his arms.

He kissed the top of her head softly and said tenderly, "Isabella, you've done nothing wrong. You were right to protect yourself before marriage.But now we're legally married-this is naturalbetween husband and wife."

Yes, they were married-why shouldn't they? Isabella thought defiantly.Making up her mind, she tugged at his shirt and lay back on the bed.

In the soft bedside light, she finally got a clear look at her new husband.He hovered above her, his muscular arms powerful, hair tousled, with eyes like a lone wolf in the night-usually cold but now filled with desire. His nose was straight and noble.


Isabella remembered her friend Olivia Smith saying men with strong noses were usually well-developed elsewhere.


Just as her mind wandered to investigate, she felt something hot and substantial against her inner thigh. Her face flushed crimson,and she mentally scolded herself for such thoughts, squeezing her eyes shut,no longer daring to look at the man above her.

Michael looked at Isabella beneath him, who was sometimes seriously examining him, sometimes giggling, and sometimes blushing and closing her eyes shyly. He couldn't help but tease her, "Isabella, are you satisfied with my looks?"

He raised a hand to tidy Isabella's hair scattered on the bed, his tone carrying a hint of restraint.
"Yes... I'm." Isabella closed her eyes, gripping the bedsheet tightly,feeling utterly ashamed and annoyed at herself for speaking without thinking.
"Then, can we move on to the next step?" Feeling Isabella's tense body beneath him. Michael regretted moving too fast and startling her. He was about to roll off, wanting to give her some time to accept him.
Suddenly, Isabella boldly wrapped her soft arms around Michael's neck.

Seeing Isabella take the initiative. Michael struggled to keep his composure and asked in a hoarse voice, "Isabella, are you serious? I hope you truly want it."

Isabella leaned on Michael's shoulder, gently biting it, showing with her actions that she was serious.

Michael's sanity shattered. He lifted Isabella, one hand exploring her front and then moving to her lower back. Feeling Isabella's tension, he slowed his pace,gently tracing circles on her lower back with his fingers.

After several repetitions, Isabella's body gradually softened. Her clothes slowly slipped off, sliding down her smooth back and hanging at the base of her rounded hips.


The coolness on her upper body made Isabella shiver. She instinctively crossed her arms over her chest.

Michael quickly grabbed her hands, pinning them above her head.

"Isabella, it's too late. You were the one who seduced me first," Michael whispered in her ear, his voice hoarse, then continued pitifully,"Isabella,you can't be so cruel, seducing me and then turning me away,"

Michael's whisper in Isabella's ear felt like a feather brushing her heart.making her whole body hot. His burning lips roamed her body, as if igniting her skin.

Isabella's body temperature gradually rose, her body seemingly mnelting into a puddle.

"Isabella, I'm coming." Michael whispered.

Their skin pressed together, the two entangled,and Michael moved in.

Although she was mentally prepared, Isabella couldn't help but cry out in pain, tears streaming uncontrollably,sobbing.

Michael felt a barrier, and his heart softened to the extreme.

"Good girl. It'll be over soon!" He kissed Isabella, coaxing her in a hoarse voice.

The pain mixed with tingling, leaving Isabella at a loss. She bit her restless lip, as if that would make her feel better.

The tingling sensation overshadowed the pain. Following Michael's rhythm.Isabella felt her blood surge and goosebumps rise on her skin. Her lower abdomen warmed and expanded, making her feel like she was floating on air.


Just as Isabella felt she had lost consciousness, a hot stream flowed into her,and they both collapsed onto the bed.

Isabella felt like someone who had been suffocating for a long time suddenly got air, breathing heavily, her body completely drained of strength. Michael held her in his arms. The two of them lay on the bed,intimately close to each other, with even their breaths and heartbeats intertwined.

"Do you want to wash up?" After a while, Michael sat up and asked Isabella,"You'll feel better and sleep well after washing."
Without waiting for Isabella to respond, Michael carried her to the bathroom to clean up. The bright bathroom light made Isabella feel at a loss. She couldn't bring herself to bathe naked with Michael.But after their intimacy just now, if she continued to be shy and avoidant, it would seem coy. So she did nothing, letting Michael take care of her.
Fortunately, Michael was considerate of Isabella's first time, cleaning her up and carrying her back to bed.

Michael lay on his back, placing Isabella's head on his left chest. Their lower bodies were tightly pressed together, their legs intertwined.

It was Isabella's first time sharing a bed with a man, and she wanted to break free from Michael's embrace.

Sensing her intention, Michael slowly extended his right hand to her shoulder, gently stroking her back like soothing a kitten.

Isabella seemed to forget the earlier madness and embarrassment,completely calming down, enjoying Michael's caresses from her neck to her back, and fell into a deep sleep.

A knock at the door startled Isabella awake. She instinctively looked around for Michael.
 
###Chapter 3 Changing the Groom

Michael had left. It was like he had never been there, as there was almost no trace of his presence from last night, except for the ache between her legs and the soreness in her body, which reminded her of everything that had gone down.

She got dressed, took a quick look around to make sure everything was in place, and then opened the door. Her stepmom, Sophia Brown,and her half-sister, Bianca Taylor, walked in.

"Isabella. did you get your marriage certificate with John yesterday? Show it to me." Ever since the wedding date with John was set, Sophia had been treating her like gold.

"Sophia. I didn't get the marriage certificate with him," Isabella said flatly.

"What about the wedding tomorrow?" Sophia exclaimed. "The invitations are out. How am I supposed to explain this to everyone?"

"The wedding will proceed as planned, just with a different groom,"Isabella replied calmly.

"What? A different groom? Have you lost your mind?"

After Sophia finished venting, Isabella explained, "John cheated. I caught him in the act. I can't marry him."

"What about the bride price? Do we need to return it?"Sophia asked anxiously. "And who's this new guy? Will he pay?"

Isabella didn't say anything. In her mind, the bride price from the Williams family would definitely have to be returned. She didn't know whether Michael would pay a bride price, and she didn't want to ask. He was already doing her a favor by having the wedding with her, so asking for more would be too much.

"The bride price from the Williams family are with me. Think of it as payback for raising you. I'm not returning them," Sophia said. "If they ask for the bride price back, you're on your own! Consider this money as your way of showing respect to your grandma."

Though angry, Isabella had no other choice. She had to return the money to the Williams family.


Just then, the styling team arrived. Isabella ignored Sophia and went straight to change into her dress.

With her natural beauty, Isabella needed only minimal makeup after putting on the wedding dress to look stunning.

Seeing Isabella in the wedding dress she had wanted for herself, Bianca couldn't contain her jealousy and sneered, "John doesn't want you anymore,yet here you are wearing the wedding dress he bought. How embarrassing!
"

Isabella frowned, realizing she had overlooked this detail. Everything for the wedding had indeed been prepared by the Williams family,and she hadn't even told John she wouldn't be marrying him.

She needed to notify John immediately that their wedding was canceled.

Isabella kept calling John's phone, but there was no answer.

She figured John probably didn't care about this wedding anyway.

Suddenly, there was a commotion downstairs, and someone shouted,"The groom's cars are here!"

Sophia and Bianca rushed downstairs.

Below, leading the procession was an extended Rolls-Royce,followed by over a dozen luxury vehicles. Bianca stood there speechless, her mouth

agape.

Sophia declared firmly, "Must be some old man! Where else would all this money come from?"


Bianca waited eagerly, expecting to see a short,balding old man with a pot belly step out.

John, seeing the missed calls on his phone, thought Isabella had given in and rushedI to the hotel.

At the hotel entrance, seeing the line of luxury cars, John assumed the Taylor family had arranged it all to impress the Williams family.He sneered inwardly at their desperation.

When John saw Isabella, her beauty in the white wedding dress stunned him. She looked like an ethereal fairy. He had dark thoughts about what he'd like to do to her.

"Isabella, I'm here," John called out dramatically, rushing to her side.

Before Bianca could speak. Sophia pulled her back, wanting to watch Isabella make a fool of herself.

Isabella stepped back, avoiding John's touch.

John put on a pitiful act, saying, "Isabella. I know I've been busy lately,。but it was all for our wedding!"

Trying to avoid a scene. Isabella said quietly, "Let's part ways peacefully."

Despite being caught in bed with another woman,John knew Isabella had no proof. He turned the tables. "Part ways? The Taylor family must have found someone better and wants to dump the Wiliams family!"

Sophia quickly grabbed John's hand, saying. "John, I still approve of you as my son-in-law. I'll make the decision-take Isabella, and our families

will remain connected."

Knowing Sophia's authority in the Taylor family, John took her words as permission, stepping forward to grab Isabella and pull her away, with Sophia and Bianca helping him.

Isabella cried out in panic, "Let go of me! I'm already legally married to someone else!"

Everyone froze. John, recovering from the shock, put on a hurt expression,"Isabella, I was just busy for a while, how could you... marry someone else?
"

The crowd began whispering and pointing at Isabella, who stood there with her head down, nearly in tears, not knowing how to explain.

"Is twisting the truth part of the Williams family's upbringing?" The Rolls-Royce door opened, and a long leg in crisp trousers stepped out. Michael strode towards Isabella, protectively pulling her to his side.

Michael hadn't expected so much drama to unfold during his brief phone call.

Bianca stared at Michael, almost crying with envy.

Sophia angrily pushed Bianca aside, saying dismissively. "He's just a hired actor."

John agreed with Sophia, inwardly sneering at how desperate Isabella must be to get married.

"Isabella, I was just busy with work, you need to understand that.How could you hirean actor just to spite me?"

Michael, not wanting to waste words with John, instructed his assistant,"Aaron,clean this up."

The man called Aaron gestured, and two burly men came forward to remove John from the scene.

Michael walked to Isabella's side and swept her up in a princess carry,drawing gasps from the crowd.


Never in her life had Isabella received so much attention. It was quite showy,but she loved it!

The wedding was held at the luxurious Carlton Royal Hotel, decorated throughout with orange roses. creating an atmosphere as warm and vibrant as sunlight.

As the clock struck twelve, the officiant indicated they could begin, but Michael said to wait-an important guest hadn't arrived yet.

Isabella assumed it was one of his relatives and said nothing.

Aiden complained, "What important person? Making everyone wait at such an important occasion."

The usher signaled someone's arrival.

Michael ignored Aiden's complaints and led Isabella toward the entrance.

Isabella smiled gracefully beside Michael, trying to hide her nervousness to avoid embarrassing him in frontof this important person.

As they reached the entrance, the staff slowly opened the doors. In the brilliant noon sunlight sat Ella in a burgundy velvet brocade dress,her snow-white hair immaculately styled, seated in a wheelchair,her wrinkles like blooming flowers.

Isabella excitedly embraced her grandmother Ella. For her, having Grandma witness this wedding made it perfect.

Ella gently patted Isabella's back, comforting her, "My dear child, I know

everything. Michael is a good boy, live well with him."

Isabella rested her head on her grandmother's shoulder, nodding firmly.

Standing up. Isabella pushed her grandmother's wheelchair toward the ceremony venue, looking at Michael and asking softly, "Did you arrange for Grandma to be brought here?"

Michael placed his hand on the wheelchair, pushing it together with Isabella, and said in a voice only they could hear, "Yeah. Isabella, we are one.You can trust me with everything."

Isabella didn't respond, thinking to herself, 'You don't trust me and tell me your things.Why should I?'

Despite her thoughts, she couldn't hide the happiness and sweetness on her face.

The wedding was mostly attended by the bride's relatives, with only a few tables for the groom's side. The wedding ceremony was simple yet dignified.

When the officiant announced that the groom should kiss the bride,Isabella instinctively tried to avoid it. However, Michael firmly and assertively kissed her.
 
###Chapter 4 I Will Go Along with the Divorce

After the wedding, Isabella and Michael planned to take Ella back to the hospital first.

Isabella wanted to sit with Ella, but,Ella let her sit with Michael.

Isabella wanted to push back, but Michael convinced her, "Let's respect Grandma's wishes. We'll spend more time with her once we get to the hospital."

So, Isabella finally got in the car with Michael.

Ella smiled and let someone help her and her wheelchair into another car.

Even though Isabella and Michael had already slept together, she was still nervous sitting next to Michael, her palms sweating.

Michael noticed and broke the silence, "Isabella, did you like the wedding today?"

Isabella nodded gratefully. The only thing was, she and Michael didn't really have deep connection. But other than that, the wedding was pretty much perfect in her eyes.

Thinking of Ella, Isabella suddenly realized something and asked,"How did you know about Grandma..."

"Of course, I had to know your situation. I know you wanted to get married because of Grandma and that you work as a top designer at the Johnson Group's branch. I know everything that's on your employee file,"Michael said slowly.

Isabella felt a bit freaked out and blurted, "Who exactly are you?"

Seeing her scared, Michael quickly said, "Don't worry. I've seen you at the company."

Isabella was half-convinced. Their company was under the Johnson Group.and his last name was Johnson too. He was probably related to the chairman!


Isabella knew nothing about him. She lost interest in chatting with Michael.But her curiosity grew stronger.

She leaned against the car window, watching the scenery change from skyscrapers to mountains. This wasn't the way to the hospital!

"Where are you taking us?" Isabella asked, super nervous, and turned back to Michael.

Isabella stared at Michael.

Michael found her reaction amúsing and took off his glasses, explaining,"I moved Grandma to a different hospital. The environment here is better for her condition."

As soon as Michael finished speaking, the car stopped. Outside the window, a huge sign read: Summit Serenity Sanctuary.

Isabella felt super embarrassed.

The conditions here were way better than the old hospital, with dedicated medical teams for each patient, in-room daily check-ups and monitoring,and specialized doctors and nutritionists planning meals.

"Mr. Johnson, can I ask you a favor?" Isabella took care of Ella,gathering the courage to ask.

She had asked Michael before. Michael said, "You want me to make a promise to her? WWhat if I can't do it later?"

"Sure!" Michael replied without hesitation.

Isabella said, "I'd like you to tell Grandma some of your promises to me,

to put her at ease. But don't worry, these promises don't count with me."

"No problem." Michael saw her guilty expression and reached out to ruffle her hair. "If you want them to count, that's fine too."

Isabella looked up at him, her eyes wide with surprise and confusion.

Michael just smiled and didn't say anything.

The caregiver wheeled Ella over.

Michael quickly took over and started taking care of Ela.

Even though Ella was tired, she still held onto Isabella with one hand and Michael with the other. "It's so good to see our Isabella get married. I can finally relax."

Isabella knew that Ella had something to tell Michael, so she left the room.

Ella said. "Isabella is a good girl, you..."

Michael squatted beside Ella and said gently, "Grandma, I and Isabella are married. I promise you, I'll do my best to take care of Isabella and protect her with my life."

He held Ella's hand as he made the promise, and a smile slowly spread across her face.

By the time Isabella and Michael left, it was already dark.

Traffic was slow, and in the swaying car, Isabella couldn't help but fall asleep.

She didn't know how long she had slept, but when she woke up,she found herself in an unfamiliar bedroom.

Not seeing Michael, she cautiously called out, "Mr. Johnson?"

A servant, Ava Davis, came in with a glass of water and said,"′′M.Johnson, I'm Ava, your maid. Mr. Johnson asked me to take care of you.The kitchen has also prepared some food for you. Mr. Johnson said you should eat something when you wake up."

Isabella wasn't used to being served: so she politely sent her away.

She stood up from the bed, only to realize she was wearing a soft cotton pajamas.


Ava hadn't been gone long when Michael walked in and ruffled Isabella's hair. "Isabella, you're awake. Are you hungry?"

Isabella shook her head and looked at him. "Mr. Johnson, it's late. I need to go back."

"Go back where?" Michael asked.

"Back to the dormitory." Isabella didn't want to go home and face Sophia.

"Isabella, this is your home," Michael said.

Isabella looked at him, confused.

Michael thought she might not have realized she was already married,so he reminded her, "Isabella, we are married."

Hearing Michael say this, Isabella whispered,"Aren't we in a fake marriage?"

"Fake marriage?" Michael was puzzled. He stood up and looked down at Isabella. "Tell me, is the marriage certificate fake, or is the city hall fake?"

Intimidated by his demeanor, Isabella explained, "I mean, we got married,but it's not for love."

Michael's face instantly darkened. "I thought after what happened last

night, you understood my intentions. Isabella, we are married,legally married. Although our marriage process is a bit different from ordinary couples, I hope we can be a normal couple, sharing meals and raising children together. Therefore, I have no intention of living separately from you.Sleep!"


After saying that. Michael lay down on the bed and turned off the light.

The memories of last night seemed to explode in Isabella's mind,and those embarrassing scenes flooded her thoughts. She nervously lay down along the edge of the bed, her mind in turmoil. She thought, 'What does Michael mean?
 
###Chapter 5 Watching Stella and Michael's Af fection

Being held in Michael's hug. Isabella was too nervous to sleep.She woke up late the next morning to find that Michael had already gotten up.


She couldn't find her clothes anywhere,so she just wandered out of the bedroom in her pajamas.

Ava was standing by the bedroom door.

Isabella asked Ava to help her find the clothes she wore yesterday.

Ava mentioned they might be in the walk-in closet and led her there.

Isabella had always thought it was just a regular wardrobe.

But when she opened it, she was blown away. It was a room no smaller than the bedroom!

There were clothes of all styles and colors neatly hanging everywhere. All four walls were lined with shelves, packed with bags and accessories.

'Michael must've really spoiled his ex-girlfriend,' Isabella thought, starting to get it. He really liked Stella, but seeing her cheat on him broke his heart.Now he wanted to be a real couple with me, probably to get back at her and John.

Isabella felt a twinge of sadness. She didn't want to use someone else's stuff,especially Stella's. So she picked the plainest T-shirt and jeans to get by until she got back to her dorm, where she'd change into her own clothes and return them.

After showering and changing, she found the clothes fit perfectly,especially the jeans, which hugged her curves like they were made for her.But Stella seemed to have a much fuller figure than hers. Could Michael

be seeing someone else?' Isabella wondered.

Ava took her downstairs for breakfast, and Isabella finally got a good look at the house.

There was a spiral staircase, smooth handrails, soft carpets,beautiful crystal chandeliers, and simple yet sophisticated furniture. The place was luxurious, grand, understated, and opulent all at once.

Isabella realized that John's villa she had visited was nothing compared to Michael's.


Yesterday was hectic with the wedding and sending Ella to the nursing home, and Isabella barely had time to eat anything all day. By now, she was absolutely starving.

Ava led her to the dining room, where an oval wooden table was covered in her favorite breakfast dishes.

Isabella felt oddly at ease and thought, 'It seems Michael's taste is similar to mine. At least I wouldn't cause him too much trouble in terms of food.'

Michael stood on the second floor, leaning against the railing as he watched Isabella dig into her meal. He couldn't help but smile,knowing it was worth the trip across half the city to get all this food.

Seeing all the various food on the table, Isabella was bewildered. For her.breakfast is to fill the belly. Whether it was delicious or not, it didn't matter. Under the gaze of servants, she ate a sandwich and mashed potato.

After eating. Isabella was about to find Michael to tell him that she wanted to head back to her dorm.

The butler, Robert, brought in a tall, voluptuous woman dressed in elaborate,luxurious clothes.
The woman exaggeratedly swayed her hips, like she was on a runway.

'She must think the living room is a catwalk,' Isabella thought.

"Isabella, we meet again," the woman greeted her warmly.

Isabella was confused; she didn't remember ever meeting this woman.

"Mrs. Johnson, this is Ms. Hall, Mr. Johnson's..." Robert hesitated, unsure how to introduce Stella to Isabella.

Isabella figured MichaeI's friends had nothing to do with her, so she politely nodded and said, "Hello."

Stella burst out laughing and said, "Isabella, you don't remember who I am? Do you want me to take off my clothes to help you remember?"

As she spoke, she took off her coat, threw it on the sofa, sat down,and looked around the room, exclaiming, "Who would've thought, you ended up being the first woman to live in Michael's villa."

Isabella remembered now; this was Michael's ex-girlfriend, Stella, the one who slept with John.

Feeling annoyed, Isabella said to her, "Thanks to you. You give me the chance to be with such a great man."

Even though Isabella hadn't spent much time with Michael,she could already tell he was so much better than John. She just couldn't understand how Stella could betray Michael for someone like John.

"You really should thank me. With your average figure, no man would really want you," Stella said, looking Isabella up and down.

Isabella was furious. Stella shamelessly tramples on Michael's love, and she still has the nerve to say such things!

She stood up and said to Stella, "Leave. You're not welcome here."

Stella crossed her legs on the sofa, smiling smugly. "This is Michael's house. I come and go as I please. You don't get to decide."

"Just go. He doesn't want to see you," Isabella said, not knowing where Stella got her confidence.

"How do you know Michael doesn't want to see me?" Stella asked curiously.


Isabella thought for a moment and seriously said to Stella, "Mr. Johnson loved you so much, but you cheated on him right under his nose and broke his heart. Why would he want to see you again?"

Just then, Robert walked over and said, "Ms. Hall, Mr. Johnson wants to see you upstairs."

Seeing Isabella's incredulous expression, Stella couldn't help but tease her further, "Isabella, you don't understand. Men are just like that. I have what it takes to make him unable to resist."

After saying that. Stella puffed out her chest proudly and followed Robert upstairs.

Michael forgave her so quickly? Isabella was stunned!

Isabella was angry at Michael's decision. Meanwhile. she wondered if this meant she could leave.

She should have been happy about it, but instead, she felt a bit sad.

A few minutes later. Stella came out of Michael's room, holding a file folder.

Isabella didn't want to see her, soshe turned her face away,pretending not to notice.

Stella had other ideas. She deliberately walked over, sat next to Isabella,and opened the file folder to show off. "Michael is really nice. Look,he gave me a car, a house, a check for a million dollars, and he's going to help me achieve my dream by recommending mne to a renowned director."

"How can you be so shameless?" Isabella said angrily. "You did something so wrong to Michael, and you still have the nerve to take his things."

Isabella felt extremely upset inside. On one hand, she thought Stella was shameless. How could Stella have the nerve to accept gifts from Michael when she was clearly in the wrong? On the other hand, she felt Michael was hopeless. If he couldn't let go of Stella, then he should just win her over and be with her again. But now, by involving Isabella, he was making things complicated. He claimed they were legally married, yet he kept having these interactions with Stella, even showing his deep feelings for her right in front of Isabella.

Stella was pleased to see Isabella angry. "Oh, I didn't want to, but Michael insisted on giving them to me. I couldn't refuse!"

Isabella sighed inwardly, 'Whatever, if Michael wants to give her money,what does it have to do with me?

Seeing Isabella had lost her fighting spirit, Stella found it boring and waved her hand as she walked away.

After a few steps, she remembered something and came back, leaning close to Isabella's ear, saying, "Isabella, listen, Michael's a great guy.Stick with him. John is a scumbag. He's poor, bad in bed, and has no stamina."
 

###Chapter 6 Are You Jealous?

Isabella finally saw Michael at lunchtime.

Thinking about how quickly he forgave Stella and let her flaunt their relationship in front of her, she felt a pang of frustration.

She stabbed at her food and muttered under her breath, "Blinded by love,so spinless."

Michael picked up some meat and placed it on her plate.

Seeing her puffed-up face, he couldn't help but chuckle. "Try it. Today's food is really good."

Michael also took a bite and ate it slowly.

Seeing his calm demeanor, Isabella thought, 'This must be the power of love! He's in a great mood. Now should be a good time to talk to him.'

Gathering her courage, Isabella said, "Mr. Johnson, since you've already forgiven Ms. Hall, let's get a divorce soon."

Michael looked up, his face instantly darkening. "Isabella, do you not take marriage or me seriously ? You were all about getting married, and now you want a divorce. Are you playing with me?"

Isabella felt even more aggrieved by Michael's yelling, her nose tingled,and tears started to fall. She angrily said,"Do I have to watch you two being affectionate every day if we don't get divorced? Since you two are back together, I'll just step aside. Why did you have to drag me into this?Do you think I'm someone you1 can mess around with?"

Seeing Isabella's sad face, Michael couldn't help but laugh, feeling an unprecedented sense of comfort.

"Are you jealous, Isabella?" He walked over, a teasing smile on his face.

"No. I'm not!" Isabella, having her thoughts exposed, cried even harder and refused to look at Michael.

Michael pulled Isabella to sit beside him, thought for a moment, and explained. "It's not about forgiveness or not. She helped me, and as a promise, I got her signed into my.:. my friend's company. The house and car are standard for company artists, and introducing her to directors is giving her opportunities. As for the one million dollars, that's my personal gift to her, as..."


Michael pondered for a moment and continued, "As a thank-you fee."

"A thank-you fee? Isn't it a breakup fee?" Isabella was puzzled.

"Not breakup fee. Thank her for bringing you to me, and showing you John's true colors." Michael explained.

Isabella muttered, "No wonder you don't want a divorce. After paying such a high price for me, you have to get your money's worth from me!"

Michael teased her, "This is just the beginning. I've paid a lot for you, and I must get it back from you. Don't bring updivorce again,okay?"

Isabella replied, "As long as you don't get back with Stella,I won't bring it up."

Michael was very satisfied with Isabella's possessiveness, kissed her, and®said, "She's just an actress. Don't take her words seriously."

Isabella glared at him, and he immediately corrected himself, "I definitely won't give her another to act in front of me."

Michael was in an exceptionally good mood.

After lunch, he took Isabella on a tour of their house. He quickly showed her around the first floor and then took her to the second floor.

Isabella wanted to explore the yard, but Michael declined, "Isabella, there will be plenty of opportunities later. Let me show you our bedroom first."

With that, he led Isabella to the walk-in closet, and next to it was the bathroom and told her that those clothes were prepared for her.

Isabella was surprised. "They're mine?"

"What did you think?"Seeing Isabella's expression of disbelief, Michael was speechless.

Isabella sifted through the clothes. Stella was taller and fuller, so they obviously wouldn't fit her. These were definitely Isabella's clothes.

"I thought they were all Stella's!" Isabella said.

Michael was once again angered by her. How deep was her misunderstanding of him!

He stepped over to Isabella, pinched her chin, forcing her to look at him,and said through gritted teeth, "Isabella, do you have a conscience!"

With that, he captured her lips, kissing her fiercely, biting her lips in revenge.

Isabella felt the pain and couldn't help but moan softly.

Taking advantage of her slightly open mouth,Michael skillfully slid his tongue in, and the entanglement of their lips and teeth, the surging desire between them,gradually drowned out their rationality.

"Isabella, I'm so glad you're mine." Michael whispered in her ear,wishing they could be one.

Isabella, breathless from Michael's kisses, felt all her senses magnified. Her mouth,nose, ears, and even every cell in her body, clearly felt Michael's presence, making her intoxicated and sink.

She feIt something leaving her body, like shyness, self-control,and composure, things that belonged to her, leaving only a woman's shell.She felt every sensation in her body come alive and respond to Michael.

Michael felt that the Isabella in his arms was different from the one he'd made love to the first time


Back then, he was like a general on a campaign, with Isabella as his trophy,'savoring the thrill of conquest.

However, this time, Isabella was his companion. Together, they embarked on an epic journey, crossing the endless desert, enduring countless hardships, and finally arriving at the legendary oasis they had dreamed of for years. They explored every inch of it with curiosity, examining every tree and flower, and tasting every fruit.

Isabella closed her eyes, her body's sensations infinitely magnified.

Michael's hands and lips moved over her body as if he were playing a musical score, teasing and caressing her with varying intensity.

Isabella discovered so many secrets hidden in her body. She could be wild,passionate, lost, and even domineering.

With her eyes closed, she savored the surging sensations coursing through her body, like little tingles dancing over her skin and sending waves of pleasure down her spine.

She clearly felt something softening in her heart, and then a soft moan escaped her lips.

Her nails dug into Michael's strong back, like a demand, or an invitation.

"To the bed, okay?" Michael lightly bit Isabella's earlobe, his voice low.

Isabella lay on his shoulder, not speaking, but her restless hand pinched

Michael's waist lightly.

Michael felt as if he was bewitched. His usually good self-control completely gone, and he uncontrollably, urgently wanted to enter her body.

He picked up Isabella and went to the bedroom.

Stripping off their already disheveled clothes, they were completely naked.

Isabella clung tightly to Michael, her legs wrapped around his strong waist,greedily feeling his touch and kisses, like a little beast, moaning softly and deeply.

Michael felt like he was about to explode, his patience at its limit. He kissed Isabella fiercely, and they fell onto the bed together.

Michael thrust his hips, plunging in, and with Isabella's long moan,they were completely lost in each other's desire.

Before long, on the wide bed, they were immersed in passion.

Isabella didn't know how she fell asleep, and it was the ringing phone that disturbed her and woke up again.

Groggily answering the call, Isabella's face grew increasingly grim.

After she helplessly ended the call, she looked like a wilted flower.
 
###Chapter 7 She Was Sold by Aiden

The call was from Aiden. He said, "You should bring Michael back for a meal,"


Isabella really didn't want to deal with Sophia, so she asked, "Do I really have to go back?"


Sophia grabbed the phone and said, "You must come back; otherwise,people will start gossiping about the Taylor family."

With a firm tone, Isabella said, "Your reputation isn't my concern."

Aiden kept pushing, "You have to come back. If you do, I'll tell you everything about your mother. But you must bring Michael with you."

Isabella was desperate to know about her real mother, Scarlett Lewis, so she reluctantly agreed. But she had a gut feeling something was up.

Isabella told Michael about this.

Michael didn't think much of it and comforted her, "Let's go back. Don't worry. With me here,there's nothing we can't handle."

He luxuriously dressed her. Isabella looked at her dress speechlessly.

Isabella looked at her outfit, which Michael had chosen, and said, "It looks good. Now, I'm head-to-toe in designer labels. I guess it does make me look a bit more upscale, doesn't it?"

Michael glanced at her and retorted, "Nonsense. It's these things that look upscale on you."

When Isabella showed up at the Taylor Mansion's doorstep,Michael was holding her hand firmly,giving her confidence.

They stood at the door, joking and laughing, with no intention of knocking.

Sophia came out to check if they had arrived, and as soon as she opened the door, she saw them standing there.

Sophia greeted, "Isabella, you finally came back. Your dad misses you a lot.



In Isabella's memory, Sophia had never been this enthusiastic. So Isabella felt a bit overwhelmed.

When Isabella was a kid, every time Ella brought her over, Sophia would either mock them or drive them away, never welcoming them.So,when she got married, she preferred the hotel over the Taylor Mansion. Of course, even if she had wanted to be at the Taylor Mansion,Sophia would have certainly disagreed.

Bianca was wearing a miniskirt and a low-cut top, and had sprayed on so much perfume that the smell was overwhelming. She followed behind Sophia,her eyes constantly glancing at Michael.

Aiden cleared his throat, taking on a parental tone, and invited everyone:-"Today, Isabella is bringing her husband home for the first time. It's rare for the whole family to gather together happily. Come on, Isabella,Michael.Sit down and try Sophia's cooking."

Bianca sat down next to Michael, and Michael subtly moved closer to Isabella.

Michael sat expressionless, seeing through everyone's intentions. Besides,he had a purpose for coming today and didn't need to waste words with them.

Isabella,however, felt a bit touched. Because after all these years, it was the first time she had been valued in this family.

"Dad,about my mom..."

Isabella had just started speaking when Sophia interrupted her, "Isabella,come on, eat first while it's hot, anid try my cooking."

As she spoke, she placed a large piece of meat on Isabella's plate.


Isabella had no choice but to stop.

Sophia urged them to eat for a while, then suddenly pulled out a tissue and started crying, saying, "We'll never get another chance for the whole family to be together like this."

Isabella and Michael exchanged a glance, thinking, 'Here it comes.'

Seeing that no one was paying attention to her, which was not what she had expected, Sophia had no choice but to bite the bullet and continue acting. "Isabella, your dad was deceived and took out a high-interest loan to invest. All the family's money is gone. The creditors want to take our house, only to find out that the owner is your mother."

Isabella was a bit taken aback; this was the first time in over twenty years she had heard anything about her biological mother.

Sophia kept going, "Isabella, your dad can't repay the money, and the creditors want to take him and sell his kidney!"

Isabella knew their real motive was money; everything else was just a cover.

Isabella said, "Sophia, what exactly do you want to say? Just be straightforward!"

Sophia looked at Aiden, but he just sipped his drink, smacked his lips,and sighed deeply without saying a word.

Sophia was helpless and had to continue, "Isabella, you and Michael have had your wedding. So, about the money..."

Isabella cut her off, "Mr. Johnson and I had a fake marriage, and both Dad and you know that. Moreover, I asked Mr. Johnson to marry me for my grandmother's sake. He has already done me a big favor; how can I ask him for money!"


"Since your marriage is fake, starting tomorrow, we will arrange blind dates for you to find a suitable husband," Aiden suddenly spoke.

His words vanished Isabella's hope. Isabella was instantly disappointed in Aiden. She had always thought it was Sophia who did the bad things. But today,she finally understood that Sophia was just following Aiden's instructions.

Isabella said angrily, "Haven't youI gained enough from selling me to John?The Williams family's bride gifts..."

"Name a price!" Michael suddenly interrupted Isabella.

Isabella tugged at his hand, signaling him not to speak.

Michael comforted her, "Don't worry.Leave everything to me!"

Aiden said, "Michael, I knew you're a straightforward person! Four hundred thousand dollars, no more, just enough to pay off the debt and have some left for living expenses."

"Dad, where do you get the confidence that I'm worth that much?" Isabella·felt incredibly sad.

"Michael, Isabella is young, beautiful, and smart. She can even get into a prestigious university," Aiden took another sip of his drink and continued,"What does that mean? It means Isabella has good genes. She's smart, and her future children will be smart too."

Sophia added,"Right. Michael. That's a pretty good deal!"

Sophia pulled Bianca in front of Michael and continued, "If you dislike Isabella for being engaged, Bianca is also an option."

Michael's face grew darker and darker. He thought, What kind of family is this! How could Isabella have survived all these years!'

Isabella felt unprecedented humiliation. The ugliest side of her family, like a festering wound. was now exposed in front of Michael, oozing pus.

Michael looked at Isabella, his heart aching for her. He said, "Eighty thousand dollars. But you must cut off all ties with Isabella."


Aiden didn't hesitate for a second. "Deal! From now on, Isabella is not part of the Taylor family."

Isabella felt a pang in her heart and couldn't help but let out a bitter laugh.She hadn't expected that Aiden agreed so readily for eighty thousand dollars.

Michael made a call to have a lawyer come over to handle the follow-up.Then he took Isabella's hand and left without hesitation.

In the car, Isabella couldn't hold back her tears any longer. She had always known Aiden didn't like her, but she hadn't expected that for eighty thousand dollars, he would disown her as his daughter.

Thinking about the money they given away, Isabella felt even more heartbroken. Michael had given Stella a hundred thousand dollars and Aiden eighty thousand dollars-all for her.
 
###Chapter 8 New Life Experience at the Polic Station

Michael leaned in and held her hand, trying to get through to Isabella."Look, Isabella, money's just a tool. When we use it to make life better, it's totally worth it. If I just let it sit in the bank, it's just numbers. It doesn't do anything for us. So, whether the money went to Stella or the Taylor family, it brings us closèr, and that makes me happy. I think it was worth it."

Isabella smirked, "Well, if you throw a few million my way, I'd get close to you too."


Michael chuckled, messing up her hair. "If you were just after money, I wouldn't have to deal with all this..."


Just then, his phone rang, cutting their chat short. His expression grew increasingly grim as he answered it.

Michael quickly ended the call and told the driver to pull over.

"Isabella, something urgent came up. I might be gone for a couple of days.While I'm away..."

"Can I go back to the dorm?" Isabella asked eagerly.

"No, stay put at home and wait for me to come back," Michael refused.

Content that she could still some alone time, Isabella nodded. "Alright, I'll stay home and call you if anything comes up."

Michael paused, then added, "If you need anything, reach out to Robert.Don't stress if you can't get ahold of me."

Isabella nodded earnestly.

Michael's car arrived, and before leaving, he gave Isabella a long, lingering kiss,reluctant to part.

After he left. Isabella tried to act cool about Aidencutting tie with her for money, but inside, she felt empty.

Not wanting to go home yet, she decided to find Olivia and hit the bars.

The driver dropped her off just as Olivia was finishing work.

After a short wait, Olivia appeared. Isabella asked her to join her for drinks.


Olivia knew Isabella wasn't the type to enjoy hanging out at bars.Worried that she might have something on her mind, Olivia suggested they stay in and have a drink at the dorm.


So,they headed to the supermarket.

At the checkout, they realized they couldn't carry it all.

Isabella went to find the driver for help.

As soon as she left, Olivia spotted John with another girl.


John,that jerk,was cheating!

Olivia, furious, decided to step in.

"John, you jerk! You just got married and you're already cheating?" Olivia's loud voice drew attention.

"Married? Seems like you and Isabella aren't that close. Didn't she tell you?Maybe she's too embarrassed to mention the sleazy things she's done,"John sneered.

"Watch your mouth, or I'll sue you for defamation," Olivia shot back.

"Speaking of charges, that bitch Isabella is worse than me," John said sarcastically. "Your so-called friend has been sleeping around with other men. She acts innocent in front of me, refusing to sleep with me, but then she turns around and gets married to someone else."

Olivia couldn't take it anymore. She stepped forward to slap John, but the girl with him grabbed her.

John punched Olivia in the chest, making her crouch in pain.

Despite the pain, Olivia spat out, "John, hitting a woman? Are you even a man? Isabella's lucky she didn't marry you. You'd regret it."

These words only made John angrier. He stepped forward and started beating Olivia.

John spat out. "I knew it! She found another guy because you kept driving a wedge between her and me. You've always looked down on me, haven't you? Now she's married to someone else, and you're happy, right?"

When Isabella and the driver arrived, they saw a crowd at the supermarket entrance.

Not seeing Olivia, Isabella got a bad feeling.

She pushed through the crowd and saw Olivia on the ground,getting beaten by John.

Isabella might look fragile, but only if you didn't push her buttons.

She grabbed a bottle of red wine from the shopping bag, walked up to John, and smashed it on the back of his head.

John felt a sharp pain and reached up to find his hand covered in red liquid. He screamed and slowly collapsed.

Just then, the patrolling police showed up and took them all to the station.

The driver quickly called Michael.

At the police station. John's mom, Layla Scott, was crying and accusing Isabella, demanding justice for John.

Thinking about how John collapsed. Isabella felt a bit scared. She quietly asked the police, "Would it be considered self-defense? If John dies, will we be held responsible?"


Olivia kept apologizing to Isabella, saying she shouldn't have lost her temper and was sorry for causing trouble.

For Isabella, who had just been abandoned by her family, a friend like Olivia was incredibly precious. Olivia didn't blame her for keeping the secret about the change of groom; instead, she even apologized. Isabella felt bad and thought she owed Olivia an apology.

Isabella said, "I'm sorry, Olivia. If I had told you about the wedding incident, this wouldn't have happened."

Olivia shot back, "Isabella, don't blame yourself. I just couldn't stand John's shamelessness and had to hit him!"

Seeing the two girls trying to take the blame, the officer in charge couldn't help but advise, "Girls, don't be so impulsive. Talk it out instead of fighting. You knocked out Mr. Williams. You need to apologize to him and resolve this properly, or you might face detention."

"Apologize to him? I'd rather be detained," Olivia scoffed.

"Officer, can I borrow your phone to make a call? I need to ask for leave,"Olivia asked.

Taking the phone, Olivia dialed and shouted, "Mr. Allen,I need to take leave... No, I have to. I've been detained... For fighting."

Olivia hung up.

The officer looked at her in surprise and laughed, thinking Olivia had a straightforward personality.

"I hit him, and I can apologize. But he also needs to apologize to Olivia-he hit her too," Isabella said.


"Make sure to arrest those two women. They hurt my son. They can't get away with it. I'm getting a lawyer and making them pay," came a familiar voice from the next room.

"It's John's mom, Layla," Isabella said. "Looks like she's determined to go after us."


"So what? It's just detention, right? I'll just consider it a new life experience,
" Olivia said nonchalantly.

Isabella gratefully held Olivia's hand.

Just when they thought they'd spend the night at the station, the officer in charge came back in.

He said, "You've been bailed out. The victim is fine. He fainted because he mistook the wine for blood."

They thanked the officer repeatedly and happily walked out.

No one expected that shortly after they left, a young man in a suit,Eric Allen, rushed in, saying he was there to deliver something to the detained Olivia.
 
###Chapter 9 He Is Very Capable

At the Johnson Group headquarters.

"Do you guys at the Johnson Group think being a big company means you can just mess with people?" Timothy King from CyberNex Innovations slammed the table, fuming.


The room went dead silent.

Timothy pointed at the senior executives of the Johnson Group sitting around him. "Come on, speak up! Any more excuses? Let's hear them.I want to see who can come up with the best story. If you can't come up with anything, we're canceling the partnership. You need our tech, but it feels like I'm the one begging here. If it weren't for Michael, I wouldn't even be dealing with you. Where's Michael? Why hasn't he shown up yet?"

An assistant nearby whispered, "Mr. Johnson was here earlier, but he left for some reason."

Timothy started pacing, clearly pissed, "This time, I'll make Michael beg.And even if he does, I might still say no."

Jeremy Wright, the vice president who had been eavesdropping outside the door, quickly snuck downstairs to see if Michael had arrived.

Meanwhile,Michael was wvaiting outside the police station.

He had just reached the Johnson Group conference room door when his phone rang. It was the family driver, calling to say that Isabella had gotten into a fight and was now at the police station. Without even going into the room,Michael rushed straight over.

Worrying about her safety, he quickly contacted a lawyer to help him find out the details of the situation.

Soon, the lawyer told him that Isabella had hit John with a bottle, and she was fine, which made him feel a bit relieved.

He sat in the car until he saw Isabella walking out of the police station,safe and sound.


Only then did he relax a bit and put on a different expression.

Isabella was reluctantly saying goodbye to Olivia at the police station entrance.


It wasn't until Robert persuaded Isabella to take Olivia to the hospital that Isabella slowly walked towards the car.


Just as she reached the car, the door opened from the inside.

Michael, sitting in the car, had a calm expression, revealing no emotions.

Isabella nervously got in, and Michael didn't speak, just silently watching her.


The air in the car was filled with awkward tension.

Knowing she was in the wrong, Isabella broke the silence first. "Why are you here? Didn't you say it would take about three days? Did you finish so quickly?"

Michael sensed her attempt to change the subject and didn't let her succeed,pulling the topic back forcefully. "If I hadn't shown up, I'd be visiting you in detention next time."

Isabella said softly, lowering her head. "I'll stay far away from them from now on."

"Don't be afraid of them. John won't dare to touch you anymore," Michael said.

"Did you pay him again?" Isabella blurted out.

"Yes," Michael said nonchalantly.

"Another million dollars?" Isabella asked, thinking of Michael's usual way of handling things.


"Yes."

"Why? We were the ones who got hurt. Why should we pay him?"Isabella was puzzled. "Is it for the same reason you paid Stella?"

Michael gave Isabella a thumbs-up. "Isabella, you're so smart."

Isabella was speechless. He had spent so much money on her; she worried he might go bankrupt one day.

Luckily, she still had a job with a decent salary, enough to cover their daily expenses.

Thinking of this, she felt she should go to work in advance.

"I need to go to work soon," Isabella said.

"Do you like working?" Michael asked.

"Yes, I enjoy working. It makes me feel fulfilled and happy," Isabella said.

"Alright. But you can't stay in the dormitory; come home. Let Robert arrange for someone to give you a ride to and from work. You can't go alone," Michael took the opportunity to set his conditions.

"Okay," Isabella said, raising her right hand in a promise to Michael. "And don't worry. I won't spill about us."

Michael was puzzled. "Why? Do I look that bad?"

Isabella quickly explained, "The Johnson Group doesn't allow office

romances. I remember you said you've seen me at the company, so you must be with the Johnson Group too, right? So, we have to keep our relationship a secret, or one of us will have to leave."

Michael thought to himself, 'Who made this inhumane rule? I'll delete it later.'

"Strictly speaking, I'm not officially with the Johnson Group yet. I haven't decided whether to join," Michael said.

Isabella thought Michael wasn't qualified to join the Johnson Group,not that he hadn't decided. She didn't want him to feel sad because of this and comforted him, "The Johnson Group is great, but it's not for everyone. You're very capable and will achieve greater things."

Although he knew Isabella was comforting him, Michael was still pleased.He looked at Isabella mischievously. "How do you know I'm very capable?What exactly do you think I'm good at? My... bedroom skills?"

Isabella had said it casually and didn't expect him to take it that way. She blushed, and as soon as they arrived home, she opened the car door and escaped.

Michael laughed heartily. The assistant and driver in the front seat exchanged smiles; they had never seen Michael so relaxed.

"Oh, you're finally here," Jeremy ran up as soon as he saw Michael's car approaching. "Mr. King said he wants you to beg him for cooperation and that even if you do, he might still not play ball."

"Don't worry. I've got this," Michael gave him a slight smile.

Jeremy had never seen Michael so kind and felt his heart warm up.He quickened his pace to catch up with Michael. "Michael, you must take this seriously! Vaughn already messed up this project before. I didn't dare tell Qiana, so I asked you to come. If you mess up too, Qiana won't let me off."

Qiana Johnson was Michael's sister, the one in charge of the company before Michael came back.


"Isn't this what you've always dreamed of?" Michael teased him.

Jeremy was stunned, looking at Michael in disbelief. He thought, 'When does Michael start joking with me? Something must have happened that I don't know about!


Jeremy tugged at Michael's assistant, Aaron Hill, and whispered, "What did your Mr. Johnson do just now?"

Aaron politely said, "Mr. Wright. I'm sorry, Mr. Johnson doesn't allow us to say."

"How much is Michael paying you to be so loyal to him?Fine, I'll ask someone else," Jeremy thought Michael must have something going on. If he found out, his standing with Qiana would improve significantly.

He decided to leave Timothy to Michael and focus on finding out what had happened.

He turned and ran towards the parking lot, thinking the driver, Jerry Nelson, might not be as tight-lipped. But he also couldn't get any information from Jerry.


He was disappointed, but he couldn't deny that their loyalty was a good thing.

When he was about to leave the parking lot, Michael and Timothy were walking over, chatting and laughing.

"Jeremy, I'm going to Mr. King's company for an on-site inspection.You'll need to arrange people for the follow-up on this project. You should come along too," Michael said.

Jeremy was dumbfounded, pointing at Timothy, and asked Michael,""Di you...just...get him on board?"


Timothy snorted coldly at Jeremy.

Jeremy quickly followed.
 
###Chapter 10 Working Overtime

For the following days, Michael has disappeared.

Isabella doubted whether she was married or not. She was bored that she went to the company in advance.


After the incident, Michael seemed to have vanished. He hadn't made a single phone call or sent a message. If it weren't for living in his villa,Isabella would almost doubt whether he really existed at all.


On her first day back at work, Isabella sensed something was off as soon as she stepped into the office. Her colleagues were huddled together,whispering. When they saw her, they quickly dispersed, pretending to be busy with something else, their faces awkward and strained. The way they looked at her was strange too, as if they were hiding something that had to do with her.


Olivia spotted her and immediately dragged her into the stairwell.

"Olivia, what's up?" Isabella asked.

Olivia looked at her with worry. "Isabella, I need to tell you something,but please don't get mad. There's a rumor going around that John left you because you were involved with an older man before the wedding."

Isabella squeezed her hand and said, "Let them gossip all they want. I don't care."


Seeing Isabella's indifferent demeanor, Olivia grew even more worried. "Isabella, you didn't really... marry an old man,did you?"

Isabella chuckled at her worried face. "Olivia, he's not old. He's actually young and handsome. When he comes back, I'll introduce you two."

Thinking of Michael's kind and handsome face, Isabella couldn't help but

smile, her face lighting up with happiness.

Seeing Isabella so happy, Olivia felt a bit relieved.

Back in the office, Isabella handed out gifts to everyone.

Her colleagues accepted them politely and thanked her.

Only Ivy Price sneered, "Still got the guts to hand out gifts here? If it were me, I'd hide after doing something so shameless."

Isabella ignored her and kept distributing the gifts.

When she reached Serenity Powell, Serenity pulled out a box.

Isabella opened the box to find two dolls. One was dressed in a suit with gold-rimmed glasses,looking a bit like Michael, and the other had big eyes,
red lips, and a long veil, resembling Isabella.

Isabella smiled, "Thank you, Serenity. I love them."

"Playing mistress for someone, acting like it's a real wedding," Ivy scoffed.

"Ivy, spreading rumors can get you in legal trouble," Olivia shot back,having recently brushed up on her legal knowledge.

"Rumors?" Ivy said smugly, "This is what her ex-fiancé John told me himself."

Seeing her colleagues' eyes on her, Ivy took a sip of water and continued,"Before Isabella's wedding, the old man gave John ten million dollars to call it off. The old man is rich and powerful, so John had to go along with it."

Olivia snapped, "He's lying. He cheated before the wedding, and Isabella caught him. She was so mad she called it off. He's just bitter and spreading rumors. Ivy, do you believe everything you hear? You've worked with Isabella long enough to know what kind of person she is."

Ivy tilted her head, looking at Olivia with disdain. "Even if it's just a rumor, John's spreading it. I've got a recording. If you can show Isabella actually married the old man and wasn't just kept byhim,I'll apologize to her myself!"


Olivia's face turned red with anger. "Why should we have to prove anything? You're the one accusing Isabella, so you need to provide the evidence!"


"I'm just sharing what I heard about a colleague. What evidence do I need?It's just talk. But rumors don't come from nowhere. As for the truth,what does it have to do with me?" Ivy said, fixing her hair in a mirror. "Whether you're married or kept, it has nothing to do with me. I'm just chatting."

With that,Ivy walked away smugly.


Olivia chased after her, ready to argue more, but Isabella held her back. "Let it go, Olivia. We can't control what people think. We know the truth and just need to live our lives well."

Olivia said, "Isabella, I can't stand this. You should throw your marriage certificate in her face and give her a good slap."

"Olivia was right!" The colleagues chimed in.

"Everyone seems very idle!" A deep male voice came from the door.

"Good morning, Mr. Allen!"

Seeing it was their supervisor Eric, everyone quickly returned to their seats.

"Isabella, Olivia, come here for a moment," Eric instructed.

The two exchanged a glance and followed him.

Eric said, "Isabella, the design I asked you two to work on before your

wedding leave needs to be submitted by tomorrow morning at the latest.
We can't delay this bid."

"No problem, Mr. Allen. We'll definitely get it to you on time," Isabella assured him.


"Mr. Allen, I think plan A already meets the bid requirements. Why do we have to do a plan B too? Are you deliberately making things difficult for us?" Olivia was very angry that Eric insisted on having a backup plan for the design.

Eric ignored Olivia and said to Isabella, "Also..."

Eric paused for a moment, deciding to give a reminder. "If personal matters affect the company's reputation, it's best to clarify them."

Isabella nodded and left with the still disgruntled Olivia.

Before they knew it, it was past nine in the evening, and they were still discussing the details of the plan.


Olivia stretched and pushed her computer away. "I'm done with this crappy job. Eric, I quit!"

"Alright, Olivia, take a break. I'll handle the rest." Most of the work had been done by Olivia while Isabella was away getting married, and Isabella felt guilty about it.

"Isabella, let me tell you something to wake you up," Olivia leaned in close to Isabella and said, "You know Eric and I were college classmates,right?He has that attractive face that charmed so many girls. I saw it once myself.
We were working late, and a girl who had a crush on him wanted to go home with him. She said, 'Eric, let's go together.' Eric said, 'It's not on my way.' The girl wouldn't give up and said, 'My driver is picking me up.Anywhere is on the way.' Eric said, 'If I go die, is that on your way too?'The girl didn't sây anything. I couldn't stand it and said, 'Miss, Eric may

not have agreed to go home with you,but he invited you to die with him.Wow,such high-level romance, I'm moved to tears."

Isabella laughed, "I bet you ended up offending both of them,right?"

"Don't mention it. Who would've thought Eric would become my boss and always have it in for me." Olivia was frustrated whenever she talked about Eric.


The supervisor's office door opened, and Eric came out, saying to them, "It's getting late. Let's call it a night and continue tomorrow."

Olivia and Isabella exchanged a glance, hoping he hadn't heard their conversation.


Olivia nodded at Isabella, indicating she wasn't afraid since she was telling the truth.


Eric walked them downstairs and asked, "Are you heading back to the dorm? I can give you a ride. It's on my way."


Isabella knew Eric's intentions and quickly waved her hand, saying,"I'm heading west. I already texted my husband to pick me up. You take Olivia."


With that, she turned to say goodbye.

The streetlight ahead was out, and the road conditions were poor. Isabella stepped into a big, dark pothole and almost fell,but Eric quickly helped her up.

After confirming Isabella was okay, Eric and Olivia drove off at her urging.Isabella stood by the roadside, calling for a ride on her phone.

After booking a ride, she planned to wait on the nearby street since it was too dark in front of the office building.

She had just walked a short distance when a car doorsuddenly opened.and a tall man quickly got out and caught up to her from behind.grabbing her arm.


Isabella was terrified, standing still and screaming loudly with her hands over her head.
 
###Chapter 11 MMy Husband

"Isabella, it's me!" Michael had planned to surprise her, but it ended up scaring her instead.

Seeing Isabella so frightened, he instantly regretted it.

He pulled her into a hug, gently moving her hands away from her ears,and whispered, "Isabella, it's me, Michael. I'm sorry. Don't be scared."

The familiar scent of him started to calm her down.

She leaned against his chest, crying and accusing, "I'm terrified of the dark,and you scared me to death."


Michael had been sulking when he saw her getting close with Eric, but now,seeing her so scared, his heart broke, especially sinceit was his fault.That little bit of jealousy was long gone.

He helped her into the car and turned on the interior light.

The soft glow gradually calmed her down, and she asked, "Why are you here?"


"I came home and you weren't there. Robert said you were working late.so I came over," Michael explained. "Did you miss me?"

Isabella wasn't sure if she missed him. She just felt really disappointed every time he didn't reply to her messages.

"I sent you messages, but you didn't reply," she blurted out,lightly complaining.

"This project I'm on is super confidential. We've been in complete lockdown for the past three days, no cell signal," Michael explained.

Isabella covered his mouth. "If it's confidential, then don't say it. I get it.

Really."

He grabbed her hand and kissed it. "Isabella, can you tell me why you're afraid of the dark?"


"When I was little, the place I lived with my grandma was pretty rundown.No streetlights at night, lots of dark corners. Something really..." Isabella's face turned pale, unsure how to continue.

Michael interrupted her, "I'm sorry, Isabella. You don't have to say it. All the bad stuff is behind us. From now on, I won't let you be in the dark again, and I won't let you be afraid."

Michael felt like he was messing up tonight, always doing the wrong thing.He decided to just hold her in his arms. Under the dim light,he traced her delicate features with his hand, gently singing.

"Twinkle, twinkle, little star, How I wonder what you are! Up above the world so high, Like a diamond in the sky..."

Isabella was curious. "How do you know this nursery rhyme?"

Michael asked, "Is there something special about it?"

Isabella replied, "It's a lullaby from my grandma's hometown.When I was little and scared of the dark, my grandma would sing it to me. She told me that the darker the night, the brighter the stars."

Michael said, "Someone sang this song to me when I was scared too."

They embraced in the small space of the car,softly singing the song together.

Lying in Michael's arms, Isabella felt that this Michael was still very approachable, like a warm, fluffy dog.

The warm moment didn't last long. Michael leaned close to her ear and

whispered, "Isabella, do you know? I've missed you so much these past few days. Making a newlywed man sleep alone is the-cruelest torture in the world."

His magnetic voice resonated in her ear, like an electric current, spreading from her ear to her entire body, making her feel a tingling sensation.

Isabella was ticklish and couldn't help but curl up, exclaiming, her big watery eyes wide open, pushing Michael's head away with all her might.

Michael chuckled, "Isabella, I think I've found your weak spot."

Facing Isabella, Michael knelt on the car seat, one hand supporting his weight, the other caressing her neck.

He started with a firm massage, and as her tense muscles gradually relaxed.he transitioned to gentle strokes. His fingertips traced circles from behind her ear to her jaw, slowly and gently.

Isabella's breathing quickened.

Michael lowered his head and kissed along her jawline. His tongue traced her earlobe and the delicate skin behind her ear, moving down to her neck.Gradually, his kisses turned into gentle nibbles, leaving a trail of red marks on her tender skin.

Isabella's body involuntarily slid downward. her hands clutching tightly to·Michael's back. Her neatly trimmed nails pressed through his clothes,digging into his firm muscles.

Michael sat up, pulling her onto his lap. He cupped her small face,his fingertips brushing over her eyebrows, and her delicate nose, and stopping at her lips, gently kneading them.

Isabella winced in pain, a moan escaping her lips.

Michael took the opportunity to kiss her, again and again. Their lips intertwined,gentle yet cautious, with a hint of exploration.

Isabella felt as if a firework had exploded inside her, and a strange yet familiar sensation quickly spread through her body.

She closed her eyes obediently, responding to Michael's kiss.

Their lips rubbed together, tongues entwined, passionately chasing,demanding more from each other.

Michael grew increasingly unsatisfied with just kissing. He lifted Isabella's shirt, grasped her breast, and kneaded it repeatedly. His lips traveled from her jaw to her neck, lingering on her chest, where he licked, sucked, and nibbled, leaving red marks on her tender skin.


Sitting on Michael's lap, Isabella gradually felt his desire swelling between his legs, pressing against her thigh, and she squirmed uncomfortably.

Michael groaned, grabbing her small hand,placing it on his swollen desire between his legs.

Isabella, as if scalded, screamed and tried to pull her hand away, but Michael held it tightly, making her grasp his hot erection.

Michael whispered in her ear, "You started this fire, so you have to put it out."

His warm breath filled her ear, his tongue slidling over her earlobe, making her feel like countless bugs were nibbling at her body.

By now, Isabella understood what Michael was doing! Clearly,it was Michael who bullied her,yet...

Isabella felt wronged, defending herself, "I didn't."

But her voice sounded unfamiliar toherself, like she was whining,more

like she was moaning.

Isabella felt embarrassed just hearing herself.

Michael guided her small hand over his desire, while his other hand ventured under her skirt, tearing away the last barrier, roaming freely in the wetness.


Isabella's small hand rose and fel in sync with Michael's rhythm, as if time had stopped and the world had faded away, leaving only the two of them beneath a sky full of stars. The rise and fall of the waves, the wind brushing through the treetops, the ground trembling as a train rushed past,and the eruption of a volcano-all seemed to converge in this moment.

Isabella felt her body soaring, while her soul sank, sinking to the depths of hell.

After a passionate session, Isabella sat on Michael's lap, while Michael buried his face in her chest, and for a long time, neither of them spoke,the car filled with the scent of desire.

Isabella decided to take back her previous thought that Michael was like a big dog. This wasn't a big dog at all. It was a mad dog.
 	小

###Chapter 12 Can Your Husband Satisfy You?

Michael's wild driving had Isabella giving him the cold shoulder once they got back to the bedroom. She didn't even let him touch her.

Given that Isabella had already pulled a late-night shift and still went along with his crazy antics in the car, Michael figured he'd cut her some slack and let her sleep through the night.

When Isabella woke up the next morning, sunlight was already sneaking through the curtains and lighting up the balcony.

She grabbed herphone and saw it was already 8:30!

Isabella moved like she was on fast-forward,getting dressed and ready at triple speed. She checked herself in the mirror-perfect! She saved time by skipping makeup.

She grabbed her bag and headed downstairs, where Ava was waiting for her.

Ava handed Isabella a lunchbox.

Despite the traffic, Robert's driving skills were top-notch, and they got there a few minutes early.

The company entrance was under construction, so Robert parked nearby,.and Isabella dashed towards the office.

Robert noticed she had forgotten the lunchbox and quickly got out of the car to catch up with her.

Isabella managed to clock in just before work started and let out a long sigh of relief.

She sat at her desk, saw she had some time, and opened the lunchbox to take a few bites.

Olivia came over, drawn by the smell. "Wow, Isabella, your breakfast is so fancy!"

"My family prepared it. Let's share." Isabella replied.

As Olivia ate, she said, "Isabella, do you know why they're working on the company entrance today?"


"It's being fixed because it got messed up. What else could it be?" Isabella wasn't that curious.


"This place has been falling apart for years. Our boss is too cheap to spend money. He won't even reimburse our travel expenses, let alone spend money on good deeds." Olivia had a lot of complaints about their branch manager,Philip Mitchell.

"So what's the deal?" Isabella's curiosity was finally piqued by Olivia.

Olivia said, leaning in close to Isabella's ear. "Rumor has it, thisis an order from Mr.Johnson."

"Mr.Johnson? The chairman's grandson?" Isabella asked.

"Yes," Olivia said, "The word is, Mr. Johnson came to the branch office,and there were no lights in front of the building, and the ground was full of potholes. He accidentally tripped and fell, so he issued an order to repair the road in front of the building and install streetlights this morning.



Olivia suddenly remembered something and said excitedly, "Isabella, didn't you also trip in front of the building yesterday? I hope Mr.Johnson visits more often; our problems might get solved quickly."

Isabella reminded, "Let's not. I've heard that Mr. Johnson is not an easy person to deal with."

As they were chatting. Ivy walked in. "Isabella, I finally understand why you didn't share your wedding photos. Your husband is so old, isn't he?"

"Ivy. what nonsense are you spouting so early in the morning?" Olivia always disliked Ivy's sharp tongue.

Ivy ignored Olivia and turned to Isabella, saying, "I saw your husband. He was near the company. Though he is old, he looks rich. I get it. Instead of marrying a young, broke guy and struggling, you went foran older,rich dude. Once he kicks the bucket, you'll get most of his money."

Isabella knew Ivy misunderstood her relationship with the butler. She shot back, "Who says I can't find someone who's young,hot,and loaded?"

Ivy gave her a once-over and sneered, "In your dreams."

Isabella smirked, "I'll take that as a compliment."

After Ivy's snide remark, Isabella felt pretty lucky. Michael was handsome,like a movie star, only a few years older than her, and rich. Even though he didn't have a real job, he spent money like it was going out of style,giving off the vibe of serious wealth.

"Isabella, come in for a moment," called her supervisor, Eric.

Isabella grabbed a USB drive with the second set of design plans and hurried in.

Eric held up the printed plan A and said, "Our bid proposal needs to be in by tomorrow morning. The final call is up to Mr. Mitchell. Take this to him, and if he's cool with it, we'll go with plan A."

"Got it," Isabella replied and gave the USB flash disk to Eric.

"I want you to go because you mainly worked on plan A. If Mr. Mitchell has any questions,you can answer them. If there's any issue, come straight

to me," Eric added.

Isabella took the proposal to Philip's office.

"Isabella, come in! Have a seat; I'll get you some tea," Philip said,way too eager.

Seeing Philip, the branch manager, serving her tea set off alarm bells in Isabella's mind.


"Mr. Mitchell, I'm here about the bid proposal," Isabella said. "Please take a look."


"I have great confidence in your skills," Philip said, signing his name without even glancing at the document.

As Isabella reached to take it, Philip pulled the document behind his back."Isabella, no rush. As a leader, I should care about my employees' personal lives. I heard you got married, and your husband is much older?"

Isabella didn't like discussing her personal life with outsiders, so she just smiled without saying anything.

Philip mistook her silence for shyness and continued, "Isabella, as guys get older, their sex drive drops. You're still young; without love, you'll fade away."

As he spoke, his greasy hand reached for Isabella's face.

Isabella sidestepped, grabbed the document from the sofa, and said, "Mr.Mitchell, since you've signed it, I'll be going. Mr. Allen is waiting for my response."

She opened the door and left without looking back, almost bumping into Ivy, who was just entering.

Seeing Isabella's expression, Ivy got the gist.

Seeing Isabella leave, Philip was furious. Ivy approached him.

"Mr. Mitchell, do you like Isabella?" Ivy probed.

"Mind your own business," Philip snapped, grabbing Ivy's chin angrily.

Ivy promised to help him get Isabella.

Philip, filled with unspent desire, roughly pushed Ivy onto the desk.

As their bodies moved rhythmically, she clung to his neck, letting out restrained moans.


Encouraged, Philip fumbled around Ivy's chest, his lower body already limp and defeated.

Ivy's eyes were clear, devoid of any lust, only showing despair and determination.


'Isabella, I'l make you pay tenfold for what I'm enduring today,' she thought.
 
###Chapter 13 A Trap Set Just for Her

Isabella had been dodging Philip for days, not giving him a single chance to catch her alone.


That morning at work, Eric told Isabella that the partners were coming in to talk business and that they'd be having dinner together later. As the main designer, Isabella had to tag along.


"Since when do designers have to go out and schmooze clients?" Isabella asked,confused.


"Maybe it's a special case. Mr. Mitchell's trying new tricks to lock down the deal," Eric hadn't wanna reveal too much information.

However, Eric then still spilled some news. "Philip got chewed out at the headquarters meeting recently. They said his management style is old-school and he can't get the team to hustle."

"Alright," Isabella sighed, feeling uneasy. Her gut told her there was more to this.

After work, Isabella called Michael that the company wanted her to entertain clients tonight. Not sure when it would end. If it got too late, she would crash at the dorm.

"Doesn't the Johnson Group have anyone else? Why does a designer like you need to entertain clients? What about the PR team?" Michael asked,puzzled.

"Maybe because I designed the plan, he thinks it'll go smoother if I'm there," Isabella explained.

"Alright, be safe. Call me if anything comes up." Michael still felt something was off.

"Okay,got it. Hlanging up now!" Isabella replied.

Just as she was about to hang up, Michael added, "Come back home tonight. Don't make me come get you."

Isabella pretended not to hear and quickly ended the call. Since theygot married, this man always wanted to have sex with her. Every time she saw him,she was blushed.


At the dinner, it was just Isabella and Ivy from their department.

Philip specifically told Ivy, "Look after Isabella. If there's any issue,find me."


Ivy got the message and gave Philip a smile where Isabella couldn't see.

Isabella tried to steer the conversation towards the design plan. Ivy,meanwhile, was having a blast chatting with a female employee from the partner company about everything from fashion to skincare,leaving no room for anyone else.

Isabella, not one to join in the fun, sat there fiddling with her phone.

Ivy said, "Isabella, I'm sorry for what I said about your husband. I was just jealous."

"No need to apologize. I know what my husband is like; I don't need others' opinions," Isabella replied, unsure of Ivy's intentions.

"As long as you don't mind. Here, let me toast to you," Ivy poured herself a glass and then one for Isabella.

Ivy downed her glass in one go, while Isabella shook her head and said,"Sorry, I don't drink."

"Isabella, don't be so stingy. I'm sincerely apologizing, but you're stepping on my pride," Ivý said, looking hurt. Ivy took over Isabella's eup,pouring

half of wine to her cup and drank over.

Not wanting to make a scene, Isabella took a sip and said, "Alright, I drank. Let's focus on work from now on and not create unnecessary trouble for each other."


Ivy poured herself another glass, clinked it with Isabella's, and said."Deal!"

Then she downed her glass in one go.

Seeing Ivy was drinking from the same bottle, Isabella let her guard down and finished her glass.

Even though Isabella usually had a low tolerance, she loved drinking and had never found her limit. But something felt off about the wine.

Despite feeling extremely sleepy, her mind was clear. She used her remaining strength to turn on the recording function on her phone.

She clearly heard Ivy take her to an empty room next door,make a call saying it was done, and then leave her on the sofa,with the person on the other promising to come over after entertaining the clients.

Soon, a fat figure entered the room. Philip looked at Isabella lying on the sofa. "Isabella, didn't expect this, did you? You still ended up in my hands.If you had agreed earlier, I wouldn't have gone through all this trouble,setting up this situation and drugging you."

While saying this, he pinched Isabella's face with his greasy hand.

Isabella felt a wave of disgust but couldn't move.

Philip continued, "Isabella, wait for me. After sending the clients off, I'll come back to you. Your old husband can't satisfy you; I'll show you what real pleasure is."

Michael, at home, lost patience waiting for Isabella. He instructed his

assistant Aaron, "Check what kind of social event the branch is having.where it is, and why it's not over yet."

Soon, Aaron returned and reported, "MIr. Johnson, I found out Mrs.Johnson is at the hospital. But you might need to go to the police station first."


It turned out that after Philip finished entertaining the clients, the drug in Isabella's system had worn off a bit, giving her some strength.She could move her limbs and walk but still couldn't put up much resistance.

She faced two choices: escape and avoid this once, or make a big scene to eliminate all future troubles.


When she first joined the company, a female employee had accused Philip of sexual harassment. It escalated to the point where the police and the headquarters got involved, but due to lack of evidence, Philip got away scot-free.However, the female employee was labeled a false accuser,got fired, and was blacklisted in the industry.

Olivia, with her fiery temper, could only endure Philip's verbal harassment,saying, "He's the general manager with a lot of power and connections at the headquarters. What can we do but endure?"

Philip was a habitual offender when it came to sexually harassing female subordinates.

Isabella decided to solve the problem once and for all. She continued to lie on the sofa, pretending to be asleep.

Philip finally returned.

"Isabella, getting impatient? Tonight, I'll take good care of you and show you what a real man is. It's a pity you're so young and beautiful but married to an old man," he muttered as he picked her up and walked out.

Isabella,lying on his shoulder,endured the mixed smell of smoke.alcohol.and his body odor, observing the people around her.She saw a tall boy wearing a Crestwood College badge and grabbed his sleeve tightly.
 
###Chapter 14 She Uses Herself as Bait

"What's wrong?" The man stopped and asked Philip.

Philip was stunned and said to the boy, "It's fine. My girlfriend was drunk.I am going to take her to rest. Sorry."

The boy didn't let him go, staring at Isabella. He was the oldest boy in his family, seeing too much conspiracy. The boy said, "She seems that she wasn't drunk."


Philip was impatient. He looked at the school ID card on the boy's cloth,threatened, "Boy, I remember. Austin, none of your business. You can't afford it."

"You're nuts!" Philip couldn't believe Austin just ignored his threats and called the cops, trying to make a run for it.

He motioned Ivry over. "If you think I'm the bad guy, let my buddy handle her. I'll leave, and you'll feel better,right?"

"No way," a tall guy jumped in and grabbed Philip. "Whatever's going on,wait for the cops to gethere before you go."

Austin found a chair and helped Isabella sit down, holding Isabella and waiting for the police.

Isabella handed her phone recording to the police, and they took Philip and Ivy away. Ivy messed up big time; she didn't clean up the wine glass and bottle Isabella used, so they got taken as evidence.

Isabella was sent to the hospital.

Michael listened to Aaron explain what happened in the car.

After hearing Isabella was okay, he called his lawyer first. "Throw the book at Philip. I don't want him seeing daylight again."

Then, he called Jeremy. "Why are you using a scumbag like Philip at the branch office? Are you in on this?"


Jeremy started sweating. "Don't say that. I'm innocent, and I don't want Qiana to get the wrong idea."

Michael ordered, "Fire Philip. Gather all the dirt on him and hand it over to the cops."


Jeremy was puzzled, thinking, 'Why is Michael so interested in this branch office? First, he orders road repairs and new streetlights. Now, he wants to deal with Philip in a day.'

"Michael, as Qiana's future husband, can I ask, is there someone you care about at the branch office?" Jeremy's curiosity got the best of him. Even though he knew he might not get an answer, he had to ask.

"Ask me again when you're actually her husband!" Michael said and hung up.

Jeremy, left hanging, couldn't help but feel sorry for Philip,who had messed with the wrong guy.

Jeremy picked up the phone and, with a forced smile, woke up the other execs one by one for an emergency meeting to figure out how to deal with Philip.

Aaron smoothed things over, and Michael went to the police station and gave Philip a beating.

Aaron, worried Philip might die, quickly said, "Mrs. Johnson is still in the hospital."

Only then did Michael stop.

By now, Philip got it. Isabella's husband wasn't the old man Ivy

mentioned but Michael, the guy who just beat him up. And he knew Michael, the future heir of the Johnson Group, the youngest grandson of the old chairman.


Too bad for him, it was too late.

At the hospital, Isabella was out of danger.

Austin got a call from home and had to say goodbye to her.

Before leaving, he asked for Isabella's WhatsApp and said, "Isabella,you remind me of my sister, so I feel close to you. If you need anything,just hit me up."

When the room quieted down, Isabella remembered Michael was still waiting for her to come home.

She nervously dialed Michael's number. "Mr. Johnson, I might not make it home tonight. It's not over yet. I'lI stay in the dorm for the night."

"Isabella, I miss you." Michael didn't call her out on her lie.

Hearing Michael's voice, Isabella couldn't hold back her tears.

"I miss you too. I really do," Isabella's voice was thick with tears.

"Isabella, don't cry. I'm coming to get you." Michael hung up and uirged Jerry,"Step on it. How much longer to the hospital?"

Jerry sighed, "Mr. Johnson, there's a traffic jam up ahead."

Michael didn't wait. He jumped out of the car and sprinted towards the hospital.

He ran all the way to her room. Before going in, he checked his reflection on his phone, trying to look less angry.

He was about to push the door open but decided to knock instead.

"I'm resting. Whatever it is, let's talk tomorrow!" Isabella's voice was low and hoarse,clearly from crying.

"It's me." Michael pushed the door ope and walked in.

Isabella didn't expect it to be him. The strength she had been holding onto all night crumbled, and she threw herself into his arms, tears streaming down like rain.


Michael had never comforted anyone before, nor had he ever said comforting words.

Seeing Isabella cry like this, all he could manage was, "Don't cry. I'm here.Why are you crying?"

Michael's awkward attempts at comfort didn't stop Isabella's tears; instead,she cried even harder, as if she wanted to let out all her grievances and sadness.

She cried until she was exhausted and finally calmed down.

"I'm fine, really. I just suddenly felt like crying." Isabella didn't know how to tell Michael about what had happened, nor did she know what the consequences would be if she did, so she insisted she was fine.

Michael knew the events of the day, but seeing Isabella cry like this,he began to worry if there was something he didn't know.

Michael looked at her seriously. "I don't care how you used to handle things. Now you're married to me, and I've got your back. No matter what happens, if there's any trouble you can't solve, you can tell me,and I'll help you. Don't put yourself in danger."

Isabella decided to tell him all the grievances and threats she had faced in

the past two days.

Michael had a good understanding of the situation, but he hadn't expected Austin to stay with Isabella for so long after taking her to the hospital,wondering what he was up to.

Michael was worried that Austin might have ulterior motives. He wanted to say something to Isabella but didn't know how to start.

Michael thought. 'Isabella doesn't know anything. I'll have to warn Austin when I get the chance.'


After Isabella finished speaking, she lowered her head and tightly closed her eyes, not daring to look at his face.

She didn't know how he would react after hearing all this. She thought, 'Is he angry? Maybe the next moment, he will even ask for a divorce. After all,I'm a troublesome person. Otherwise, why would I always get into these messes?


"You should have told me earlier." Michael held her in his arms, his voice low and tender.

"You're... not angry?" Isabella looked up from his embrace, hesitantly asking.

"Why would you be afraid of me being angry?" MichaeI was puzzled. This was what he most wanted to understand.

"Because I'm more afraid that you'll think it's my fault once you know."Isabella lowered her head, the light in her eyes dimming, curling up in the shadow of the lamp.

Michael hesitated,wondering if he should also address her inner issues.

"Remember I told you I was really afraid of the dark? That's because

something really bad happened to me when I was a child." After a moment of silence, Isabella began to speak slowly.

 
###Chapter 15 He Wants to Personally Remov the Thorn from Her Heart

"When I was fifteen..." Isabella curled up, lost in some awful memory.

Michael couldn't stand seeing her like this and pulled her close. "Isabella,
you don't have to talk about it if you don't want to."

Feeling Michael's presence, Isabella snapped back to reality and felt a bit more at ease. She couldn't fully trust Michael yet, but she knew he gave her the courage to face this.

She felt that if she told himn, Michael wouldn't dislike her. Even if Michael ended up hating her for it, it didn't matter. Their marriage was a sham anyway.She had to be ready for that.

Isabella took a deep breath and continued, "Back then, I stayed late at school every day. Lots of classmates had their parents pick them up,but my grandma didn't have time, so I had to walk home alone."

At that time,Isabella and Ella lived in a rundown place. The path from school to home had no streetlights and was pitch dark at night.They had lived there for years, and although the roads were like a big maze, Isabella knew every path by heart.

As usual, she walked home alone after evening classes. Walking through。the alley, Isabella always felt like someone was behind her. She looked back several times but saw no one. Only some cats and dogs passed by:Although she didn't feel good, she found nothing was strange after looking around.

Just when she thought she might be overthinking, someone covered her mouth from behind and dragged her into a nearby storage room that hadn't been used in ages. The heavy dust made it hard for her to breathe, and she couldn't help but cough.

There was no light at all, but she could vaguely make out a not-so-tall male figure in the darkness.

At that time, she was as frail as a kitten and was easily tied to a broken chair, with tape over her mouth, unable to make a sound.

Then, the man started kissing her neck and tearing at her clothes.

She was terrified, thinking it was the end for her. She still wanted to get into the best school, to attend Crestwood College. She had a bright future ahead of her; she wondered if it would all be ruined in this filthy,broken storage room.


The man's breath on her chest was warm and sticky, making her nauseous.She hadn't had dinner, and her stomach cramped with hunger. The sudden pain made her want to break free from the man's grip.

Isabella kicked at him with her bound legs, not knowing where she hit,but he fell to the ground, writhing in pain and unable to stand.

Isabella breathed a sigh of relief but stayed on guard. She feared the man would get up again and kept her legs ready to kick out at any moment.

"Isabella." At some point, Ella's voice came from outside the door.

Isabella tried to make noise by banging the chair against the wall.

Ella,following the sound with a flashlight, found Isabella tied to the chair,her clothes disheveled, with fresh bite marks on her exposed neck and chest.

Ella hugged her tightly, comforting her. By the weak light of the flashlight,she saw that the person who had assaulted Isabella was their classmate,the class president.

Ella got help from a neighbor to take the class president to the hospital

and then brought Isabella home. Even in her familiar bed, surrounded by familiar scents, Isabella still had nightmares.

The class president's family came, demanding compensation for medical expenses and accusing her of seducing their son, calling her behavior improper.

Ella held her and cried. They couldn't come up with the money and had to ask Aiden for help. They got nothing but mockery from Sophia, who insinuated that Isabella was ill-mannered and learned to seduce men at a young age.

For a long time after that, Isabella was the talk of the towvn, and not in a good way. As the victim, you'd think people would have her back,but nope. They blamed her instead. They felt sorry for the class president,saying he almost lost his ability to have kids. Some even suggested that since he liked her, they should just be together.

She felt like she was stuck in a mud pit. If she didn't jump out, she'd be covered in mud forever. If she did, the mud spots would fade over time.So, she put up with all the rumors and focused on her studies, eventually getting top grades. She chose a not-so-great school that promised to waive all tuition and cover all expenses.

Without Isabella around, Ella didn't stay n that rundown place anymore.She ended up working as a free housekeeper for Aiden.

From then on, Isabella knew she could only rely on herself, especially regarding sexual harassment, as society often blamed the woman,no matter what.

Years passed, and she tried to forget all that. But in dark places, the fear still crept up. That's why, even though she was with John for so long, she never got intimate with him.

After finishing her story, Isabella closed her eyes tight,lowered her head,and didn't dare look at Michael. She felt completely exposed, like she was standing naked in front of a crowd, waiting for judgment.

Michael felt heartbroken. He always knew Isabella had a rough childhood but never imagined it was this tragic. He held her tightly and said softly,"Are you worried I'd be mad if you told me? You've been wronged; I only feel sorry for you. How could I possibly be mad at you?"

Isabella whispered, "But when stuff like this happens, most people think it s the woman's fault. They say it's because the woman was improper that she attracted bad men."


"You said it yourself, most people. But I'm not one of them. They're idiots,but I'm not. Clearly, you're the victim, yet they blame you," Michael said seriously.


Isabella was deeply moved and didn't know what to say. She had never met anyone like Michael. He seemed different from others, different from other men.


Isabella looked up at Michael with courage and said emotionally, "Thank you. As long as you understand me, I won't be afraid even if I get fired today."

Michael wanted to tell her she wouldn't be fired, that she'd continue to work safely at the company, and that the bad guys would be punished.But he thought if he said it, she wouldn't believe him and would think he was just comforting her. So he let it go.

Michael patted her head and said appreciatively, "Isabella, you're way braver than I ever imagined. Remember, you're amazing and deserve to be cherished and loved."


Isabella nodded heavily.

Michael said, "Well then, my heroine, can we go home now?"

Michael instructed Aaron, who had rushed over, to handle the hospital follow-up for Isabella and then took her to the car.

The streets were clear in the early morning.

Michael worked on his laptop in the car, the screen's light casting shadows on his face, making his features look chiseled.

Michael sensed her gaze and asked, "What are you looking at?"

Isabella said, "You're handsome."


Michael put down his laptop, just about to pull her into his arms and tease her, when the driver suddenly braked, causing them both to hit the front seatbacks.


"Jerry, what's going on?" Michael asked in a deep voice, with a hint of annoyance.

Jerry explained, "Mr. Michael Johnson, it's Mr. Vaughn Johnson. His car suddenly stopped in front."
 
###Chapter 16 Even If She Was Deceived, She Accepted It
A guy got out of the car, looking a lot like Michael, and walked over to them.

"Michael, can we talk?" Vaughn's voice was kind of humble and a bit too eager to please.

Michael pulled Isabella onto his lap and cracked the window just a bit."Make it quick!"

Through the small opening, Vaughn could see a mess of long hair on Michael's lap,clearly showing a woman was there.

Vaughn smirked. "Michael, got company in there? You guys having some fun?"

Michael's voice was icy. "None of your business."

"I get it, man. Don't worry, I won't say a thing." Vaughn had that knowing look.

"Are you gonna talk or what?" Michael was getting impatient,gently smoothing Isabella's hair, maybe to calm her or himself.

Seeing Michael's impatience, Vaughn quickly said, "Go ahead, handle your stuff. I'll find you tomorrow afternoon. You gotta see me,okay?"

"Fine!" Michael agreed.

Vaughn headed back to his car, reminding him before getting in, "Don't forget!"

As Vaughn drove off, Michael closed the window and lifted Isabella from his lap.

Isabella took a few deep breaths, having been stifled. She had stayedIsilent on Michael's lap.

"That guy is my cousin," Michael explained.

"Oh!" Isabella nodded, thinking, 'So you don't want your family to know about me!

Michael explained. "Not letting you meet him because it's not necessary right now."

"Oh!" Isabella nodded again, thinking. 'I get it. You just don't want to.'

Seeing Isabella's lack of reaction. Michael asked, "Are you upset?"

"No!" Isabella replied, sounding a bit down.

Michael got a bit anxious. He knew that Isabella has misunderstood. He explained, but she was still upset, so he "Isabella, if you have something on your mind, just tell me. I hate guessing games."

Isabella felt conflicted, thinking, 'I was just starting to feel confident about our marriage, thinking I'could get along with Michael, and then this happens. Maybe he doesn't want his family to know about me in case we split up. Is he deceiving me?

Seeing Isabella's dazed look and the emotions on her face, Michael asked,"
What are you thinking about? You don't think I'm deceiving you, do you?"

Caught in her thoughts, Isabella blushed and quickly looked down.

Michael said, "Seríously! Tell me, besides you, what else would I be deceiving you for?"

Michael felt he was right; he was only interested in Isabella herself and had no other motives.

Isabella couldn't think of anything worth deceiving her for. At first, she thought Michael was with her to get back at Stella and John,but with Michael spending money to cut all ties, it didn't seem like revenge.

"Then why did you marry me?" Isabella asked, puzzled.

"Just think of it as love at first sight!" Michael said,a bit annoyed.

Isabella thought with a self-mocking smile, 'Love at first sight? I doubt I'm charming enough to make Michael want to marry me after one meeting.Whatever! I'm not losing out. Michael is handsome, wealthy, good in bed,and treats me well. But I just have a decent face. In this light, I'm gaining!Our marriage won't last long, right? I've already prepared myself to leave.If Michael mentions divorce, I'll agree immediately, parting on good terms,leaving a beautiful memory.'

"What are you thinking about now?" Michael asked,lifting her chin with his fingers so she had to look at him.

"Nothing," Isabella replied.

Staring at Michael's chiseled face and those mesmerizing eyes, Isabella thought, 'If I get deceived by a guy this perfect, I guess I can live with it.'

Seeing her lost in thought, Michael pulled her into his arms, resting his chin on her head like he was making a big decision. "Isabella, don't worry.You'll meet them eventually, just not now. My family's a bit complicated.Meeting them too soon wouldn't be good for you. Don't rush. When I've...sorted some things out, you'll meet them."


Hearing Michael's vague words and knowing he hadn't joined the company yet, Isabella guessed his position in the Johnson family was pretty awkward. Either he couldn't make any decisions, including about his marriage, or he was completely sidelined, with no one caring abouit his actions.Whether she met his family or not didn't seem to matter much.

Still, she felt a bit sorry for Michael.

She buried her face in his chest, wrapped her arms around his strong waist,and said. "Mr. Johnson, I'm not in a hurry, really. I don't care about these things. As long as you're okay."

Michael appreciated her response. He inhaled the scent of her hair and said softly. "Alright, we don't care. Having you is enough for me."

He felt an indescribable satisfaction.

The two were wrapped up in each other, and Jerry drove the car slowly,not wanting to interrupt. By the time they got home, it was almost dawn.

Michael wanted to giveIsabella a day off, but she firmly refused. She cared about her salary and wanted to see what happened with Philip at the company.

With only four hours until work, despite wanting to make love to Isabella.Michael held back. They showered together, and then he made her close her eyes and sleep. But Isabella couldn't sleep, her mind racing about Philip.


Michael told her not to worry about work tomorrow; nothing would happen, and Philip wouldn't bother her again.

When it was time for work, Michael drove Isabella to the office. On the way,she was still anxious, thinking, 'Philip is such a jerk. He never gives up easily. How could he let me off so easily?

Michael reassured her again. Even though he seemed confident, Isabella couldn't fully believe it.

Before she got out of the car, Michael put the car's safety hammer in her bag and said, "Here, take ths. If he gives you any trouble, just knock him on the head. You've got experience with that, and I don't mind bailing you

out of jail again."

Isabella laughed. With a guy like Michael backing her up, what was there to worry about?

She raised her bag like she was making a declaration. "Alright,get ready to shell out another million. I'm going to battle!"
With that, she walked confidently into the company's entrance.

As soon as she entered, she felt that something was off today.
 	)
###Chapter 17 He Secretly Loves a Female Col l eague

Around this time, everyone would either grab a coffee to jumpstart their morning or sneak in a quick nap at their desks to shake off the early morning grogginess. But today, as soon as Isabella walked into the office,she noticed everyone hauddled in small groups, whispering.

Olivia rushed over and dragged Isabella into the break room.

"Isabella, did you hear? Mr. Mitchell didn't show up this morning.He's usually here by now," Olivia said, her voicedripping with mystery,"And get this, the cops came by and they are in the conference room now."

When Isabella heard that Philip hadn't come in, she felt relieved.

"Olivia, let me fill you in..." Isabella whispered in Olivia's ear, giving her the lowdown on last night's events. "And if everything went as planned,he's still in custody, along with Ivy."

"Isabella, you are so..." Olivia struggled to find the right words. She wanted to call Isabella brave, but that didn't quite cut it,saying she was amazing felt too vague and didn't capture her smarts.

Seeing Olivia's stunned face, Isabella let her keep it secret.

"I get it. I just can't believe it. You are really something else!" Olivia was still reeling from the shock.

"Headquarters sent an email!" someone shouted from the office.

"What's the scoop? Mr.Mitchell got canned!"

"He was taking bribes from partner comnpanies and even bribing higher-ups. Wow, just last year, he pocketed a million bucks in kickbacks from one project. No wonder we didn't get any bonuses even though the project

was a hit."

"Check this out, he also used his position to harass female employees.What a creep. I'm reporting him; he harassed me too. Luckily,I was smart enough to record it. He backed off because he was scared I'd expose him."
"Ivy was brought into the company by him. Look, it says Ivy only graduated high school and became Philip's mistress, then he pulled strings to get her into the company."

Isabella skimmed through the headquarters' document which didn't mention last night's events but listed offenses that could land Philip in jail.She finally felt a sense of relief.

She quickly ran out to call Michael. "Hey, Mr. Johnson,thank you.You were right; Philip really got arrested. Headquarters just sent a document firing him."

"See, I told you nothing would happen!" Michael said, sounding pretty pleased with himself.

"Yeah, you're amazing," Isabella replied.

Michael wanted to tell her that he was the one behind it all, but figured she wouldn't believe him anyway, so he kept it to himself.

After hanging up, Isabella went back to the office, where everyone was still buzzing about the document.

"Ivy used to be a woman who sold her body. Could she have some disease?It won't infect us, will it?" a male colleague shouted.

"She's not your mistress, so what are you worried about?" another male colleague laughed.

"Having Ivy around seems to create a negative vibe in the office."

Seeing the male colleagues who used to fawn over Ivy now avoiding her like the plague, Isabella found it pretty amusing.

With Philip arrested, no one was in the mood to work, and the office was buzzing with a weird excitement.

The phone at the front desk rang.

The news from the call made the receptionist break out in a cold sweat.

"Mr. Allen, Isabella, Olivia, a partner company called saying that the design proposal we submitted yesterday is identical to our competitor's.They tried calling you, but you didn't answer," the receptionist said,sounding anxious.

It was like someone hit the paúse button; the arguments stopped dead in their tracks.


"Leaking a bid proposal is a big deal. Could there be a spy in our company? We need to dig into this."

"Wasn't Isabella in charge of this proposal? Could it be her..."

"Do you really think Isabella would betray us? This is clearly a setup."

"Who knows! Anyway, it's not my problem. I haven't even seen the proposal."

The colleagues started bickering again.

Isabella couldn't dodge responsibility for this. She and Olivia had nailed the overall design, and she had been handling the final touches. It was also her who sent the proposal to the partner company.

Isabella had no clue how it ended up with the competitor, but clearing her name was going to be tough. Especially now, with headquarters cracking down on branch issues, she might get caught in the crossfire. She didn't

know who was framing her or how to prove her innocence.

"What's the point of arguing here?" Olivia couldn't stand everyone throwing around baseless accusations. "If you think Isabella did it, show some evidence! Without evidence, it's just gossip."

"Check the surveillance!" a colleague shouted.


"Yeah, check the surveillance. Let's see what she has to say then."

"I trust Isabella; she didn't do it. Isabella, the most urgent thing now is to quickly refine and polish our plan B and submit it on time," Eric stood up,showing his trust in Isabella and giving her the follow-up task.

"Mr. Allen, isn't it risky to let a potential spy keep working on the project?"a colleague questioned.

"If you think Isabella is a spy, you need to provide evidence. Without it,everyone here is a suspect," Eric said firmly.

'Well said!' Olivia silently cheered him on.


The colleagues headed to the surveillance room to check the footage,leaving Isabella in the office to refine the design proposal and try to spot any potential issues.


Olivia went too; she wanted to see who was framing Isabella.

In the surveillance room, the colleagues found that a segment of the footage had been clearly deleted, conveniently missing the crucial evidence.

Everyone in the company could view the surveillance, but only one person had editing privileges: the branch manager,Philip.

Suddenly, it all clicked for everyone.

"Mr. Allen has a good eye. He said it wasn't Isabella, and it really wasn't."

"Don't you think Mr. Allen treats Isabella differently?"

"Oh? How so?"

"I think Mr. Allen likes Isabella."

Olivia felt a bit uneasy hearing her colleagues' chatter. She thought she was worried about Isabella, whose reputation could be harmed by rumors of Eric's crush. She also felt sympathy for Eric who finally had a crush on someone, but Isabella was married.

"I heard that headquarters has been trying to transfer Mr. Allen there, but he refuses. They even offered him a promotion, but he declined. He just stays in our department. Do you know why?" a colleague said to Olivia.

Olivia felt uneasy and didn't want to talk. She shook her head.

The colleague continued, "I heard that Mr. Allen got drunk and said that there's someone he has a crush on in our department! Do you think that person could be Isabella?"

Olivia said, "Don't spread baseless rumors. Just keep it to yourself."

Although Olivia told others not to spread rumors, she was secretly planning to sabotage this crush, protect Isabela's marriage, and save Eric from ruining Isabella's marriage.
 
###Chapter 18 His Wife Was Secretly Admired,and He Was Upset

At the Johnson Group headquarters...

Jeremy was taken aback the moment he walked into the office.Someone was lounging behind his desk.

When he realized who it was, he was both shocked and thrilled. "Mr.Johnson, what brings you here in person?"

Michael was playing with a pen in his hand, smirking as he replied,"What? I can't drop by? Fine, I'll leave then."

He started to get up.

Usually,Jeremy couldn't get Michael to come even if he begged. Now that Michael had shown up unannounced, there was no way Jeremy was letting him leave.


Jeremy quickly walked over and pushed him back into the chair, saying urgently, "Of course, you can come anytime you want. The company is yours;we will always welcome you."

Seeing Jeremy's anxious look, Michael said irritably, "What's so great about Qiana? Why are you sucking up to me so much?"

"You wouldn't understand Qiana's charm."

When Qiana was mentioned, Jeremy had a look of bliss on his face,which made Michael feel nauseous.


Michael quickly changed the subject. "You handled the Philip situation well."

"Thanks for the compliment, Mr. Johnson," Jeremy said with a grin. "It's
not every day I get praise from you."

"Don't get too cocky," Michael's expression turned serious. "How did you not notice that Philip was such a scumbag for so long?"

Jeremy personally brewed a cup of coffee for Michael and placed it in front of him,explaining, "Although Philip isn't a great person, his work performance is pretty good. Since he became the general manager,the branch's performance has been way ahead of the others, almost on par with headquarters. When we choose a manager, the company isn't looking for a moral model; as long as they can bring in profits, that's what matters.That's why we decided to use him."

Michael ordered, "We still need to prioritize character. Let's issue an industry-wide announcement! After he leaves, no company or organization that has business dealings with the Johnson Group is allowed to hire him."

"Okay, I'll send it out right away." Jeremy started typing on the computer,wondering, 'Michael's usually not this vengeful. If something can be solved with money, he won't waste his time. What's the deal with Philip? Why go to such lengths to fire him in the middle of the night and gather evidence to send him to jail?

The more he thought about it, the more curious he got. He couldn't help but ask, "What did Philip do to piss you off so much that you'd goto these lengths?"


Michael replied, "If you're asking as Qiana's husband, I'll tell you. If not,here's a piece of advice."

Jeremy didn't dare to assume the role of Michael's brother-in-law.He couldn't afford to offend either Qiana or Michael.

He shut his mouth and made a zipping motion, indicating that even if Michael told him, he could keep it a secret.

Michael continued, "Curiosity killed the cat! Mr. Wright, if something happens to you, who's gonna look after Qiana?"


Michael took a sip of coffee, which was so bitter that he frowned, but it also woke him up.

"With Philip gone, the general manager position at the branch is open.Find someone reliable to fill it," Michael instructed. "Character is crucial;don't appoint another scoundrel."

Jeremy kept his mouth tightly shut.

Michael glanced at him disdainfully and made a zipping motion in front of his mouth with his long fingers.

Jeremy took a deep breath and started, "Usually, we promote someone from the supervisors. They know the team and understand the company operations, so there's no need for a tranasition period."

"Then just follow the usual procedure and promote someone to supervisor for him," Michael interrupted.

"Yeah, but..." Jeremy began.

"Then what are you waiting for? Promote him!" Michael cut him off.

"It's not that simple. He doesn't want the promotion," Jeremy explained,sighing inwardly. 'These siblings never let anyone finish a sentence!'

Michael was intrigued. "Who wouldn't want a promotion? Spill it."

He leaned back, arms crossed, ready to listen.

"You know him too. It's Victor Allen's son, Eric. With his skills, he could easily be a VP at headquarters, maybe even take my job. But he just wants to stay as a department supervisor."

Jeremy paused, took a big gulp of the coffee he made for Michael,and grimaced at the bitterness.

"Why doesn't he want the promotion?" Michael asked, looking at Jeremy with disdain.

"You're asking the right guy," Jeremy said proudly. "He likes someone in his department, so he doesn't want to move up or leave."

"If he likes her, he should just be with her," Michael said indifferently.Michael couldn't understand Jeremy's behavior. In his view, when you liked someone, you should do everything you could to win them over and hold them in your arms.

"You know our company has a no-office-romance rule!" Jeremy reminded him.

Michael thought, 'That stupid rule again. I'll send out a notice to get rid of it later.'


Michael had spent the whole morning in Jeremy's office. Seeing it was almost lunchtime, he grabbed his car keys. "I'm outta here!"

"Stay for lunch? It's almost time, and I'll treat you..." Jeremy was about to invite Michael to lunch to strengthen their relationship and help him become Qiana's husband sooner.


"Having lunch with you is no fun!" Michael didn't look back and walked out,leaving Jeremy standing there, stunned.

Michael arrived at the branch office and sat in his car, waiting for Isabella to get off work.

Unexpectedly, he saw Isabella walking out with a guy,

He recognized him; it was Eric, the one Jeremy mentioned who had a

crush on a female employee in his department.

Isabella was chatting with Eric, smiling. The smile on her face pierced Michael deeply; she had never looked this happy when she was with him.

To Michael, that smile was particularly annoying. He wished he could swoop in like Superman and grab Isabella's attention, and even more,he wanted to grab Eric by the collar and toss him away.

Michael was suddenly glad he hadn't impulsively abolished the no-office-romance rule.

Before he could get out of the car, Isabella noticed him. She hugged Olivia beside her and quickly ran towards him.

Eric was also staring at him. Michael remembered that this Eric was the one who had helped Isabella when she fell the last time he came to pick her up.

Michael thought,'I need to find a way to make him back off! I can'tlet Eric get close to Isabella.'

Eric watched Isabella get into the car and felt that the vehicle looked oddly familiar.
 
###Chapter 19 Michael's Little Thoughts

In Silvercrest City, there weren't that many luxury cars, and the license plate looked familiar to Eric, but he couldn't quite remember who the owner was.


Seeing Eric staring at the car like that, Olivia thought he was up to no good again.

"Mr. Allen, I get it. Isabella's gorgeous, sweet, and super talented. It's hard not to like her, but," Olivia said, getting all serious, "she's married and she's not planning on getting a divorce. Don't mess up her marriage."

Eric looked at Olivia like she had two heads. "Where did you get the idea that I'm trying to mess up Isabella's marriage?"

"Eric, I know it's tough to accept that Isabella's married. Even though you knew her before her husband, feelings don't work on a first-come, first-served basis," Olivia said, sounding disappointed. "Plus, you're way too passive in relationships. If you'd just told Isabella how you felt, maybe you'd be the one married to her now. But you missed your chance. Don't blame Isabella; blame yourself."


Eric's expression got darker and darker. He pinched Olivia's chubby cheeks and said through gritted teeth, "Olivia, I want to crack open your skull and see what's inside!"


Olivia, wincing in pain, broke free and yelled at him, "I'm just trying to help you! Don't be so ungrateful."

With that, she ran off without looking back.

Eric watched her go,sighed, shook his head, and walked away.

As soon as Isabella got into the car, Michael pulled her into his arms and kissed her like there was no tomorrow. He knew that Eric was watching

from outside, so he deliberately acted close to Isabella, as if to assert his claim.


Isabella had a lot to say to Michael, but he kept kissing her, making her anxious. She pushed him away.

Michael frowned. "Why'd you push me away? Afraid he'll see?"

Isabella looked puzzled."What? Afraid of who will see?"

Michael quickly realized Isabella probably didn't know about Eric's crush on her and changed the subject. "I thought you were shy, afraid Jerry would see."


Jerry, catching on, quickly raised the partition.

Isabella blushed deeply, wanting to explain something but feeling shy.

Michael held Isabella close, wanting to keep kissing her. But Isabella put her hand on his lips, her eyes sparkling like a mischievous little fox. "Mr.Johnson, listen to me first. Didn't I tell you this morning that Philip got arrested? I was shocked to find out he was up to so much shady stuff."


Seeing her animatedly talk about Philip, Michael's previous gloom lifted,and he felt like everything he had done was worth it.

Seeing Michael staring at her intently, Isabella asked nervously, "Mr.Johnson,did I say something wrong?"

"No, I think your story is fascinating!" Michael said sincerely. He truly believed that the way Isabella talked about the same things was far more interesting than the black-and-white text on a document.

He should just take her to his office and have her readI the documents to him; that would be a kind of fun.

Michael's mind started to wander again.

Isabella said, "By the way, there's something today that I need to thank Mr.Allen for."


That sentence snapped Michael back to reality like a thunderclap. "Mr.Allen? What did he do that deserves special thanks?"

Michael asked with a hint of jealousy, feeling a small flame of envy reignite in his heart.

Isabella explained that someone had sent their proposal to a competitor,and when everyone thought she was the culprit, only Eric believed in her.

Michael couldn't stand hearing Isabella praise another man, especially one who had a crush on her. He couldn't help but belittle Eric. "If Mr. Allen,as a supervisor, couldn't even see through this and wronged you,he shouldn't be a supervisor."

Isabella noticed that Michael was clearly unhappy when she praised Eric.She also thought about how Michael wasn't yet an employee of the Johnson Group, and concluded that it must be because he was too capable;they probably feared he would overshadow the chairman's grandson,which was why he hadn't been allowed into the Johnson Group.


She felt a pang of sympathy and comforted him, "Mr. Johnson, you're really impressive. You deserve more than just a supervisor role; Being a vice president at the Johnson Group would be beneath you. But I believe you'll achieve great things outside the Johnson Group too."

Michael was pleased by her sincere comfort and couldn't help but pull her onto his lap. He wrapped one arm around her waist and used the other to support the back of her head, kissing her deeply. Isabella clumsily responded under his guidance, their heartbeats gradually syncing.

Suddenly, a phone ringing interrupted their escalating passion.

Isabella jumped off Michael, distancing herself and sitting by the car door,

her face flushed.

Michael held Isabella's hand with one hand and answered the phone with the other.

"Michael, did you promise Vaughn to meet him this afternoon?" Jeremy's voice boomed from the other end.

"Yeah, let him wait. I'm outside," Michael's voice was low, his breathing heavy.

"What are you busy with? Running?" Jeremy sensed something was off.

Vaughn, a seasoned player in love, knew what was happening and didn't dare disturb Michael again. He snatched the phone from Jeremy's hand and said, "Michael, you go ahead. I'm not in a hurry."

With that, he quickly hung up the phone.

Jerry drove to the entrance of a members-only restaurant called the Ivy Haven Clubhouse.


Isabella had heard of it; it was known for recreating old famous dishes,and its interior was styled after centuries-old court designs, elegant and refined. As a designer, she had always wanted to visit, but it wasa members-only place with high entry requirements, needing introductions from old members and the owner's approval. Despite John's efforts,they couldn't get in.


"Are we eating here?" Isabella's eyes sparkled with excitement, her enthusiasm evident in every word.


Michael nodded.

"Then let's go!" Isabella reached for his hand.

It was the first time Michael saw Isabella so interested in something, so he

asked, "Do you like this place?"

"Yes. I've liked it for years, but could never get in." Isabella nodded obediently and said eagerly, "Let's go!"

Michael smiled wryly. "I can't move right now; my legs have gone numb."

Isabella was anxious and moved closer to Michael, raising her small hands.
"Numbness is due to poor blood flow. My grandma used to get numb legs too, and rubbing them would help a lot. Let me give you a massage; it really works!"


As she said this, she placed her small hands on his thigh and began to knead gently but firmly.

Michael felt like something inside him had snapped!

Using the last bit of his self-control, he grabbed Isabella's mischievous hands. "Do I have to spell it out for you?"

Following Michael's gaze, Isabella saw his pants bulging high at the crotch.
 	00
###Chapter 20 Nobody Likes a Cowardly and Unambitious Person

Isabella's cheeks flushed bright red. She looked down, unsure of where to put her hands.

"Jerry, take Isabella out for dinner first. I got some stuff to deal with,"Michael instructed in a low, deep voice.

"Sure thing. Mr. Johnson," Jerry replied. "Mrs. Johnson, right this way."

Before Jerry could even open the car door, Isabella was already out and following him inside.

After this awkward moment, she had no mood to appreciate the design of the Ivy Haven Clubhouse. Sitting at the table with her head down, she focused intently on eating the appetizers served by the restaurant.

Not long after, Michael walked in gracefully. Isabella glanced up at him and noticed that his expression showed no signs of anything unusual; he greeted the owner with a serious demeanor.

Michael walked over and sat down beside her. She curiously stole glances at him; his outfit looked perfectly pristine, with not a single wrinkle in sight.


Noticing her stare, Michael leaned in and whispered through gritted teeth,"Just wait until tonight."

"What's that got to do with me?" Isabella muttered, focusing back on her dish.


They ate in silence, both lost in their own thoughts, not really enjoying the food.


After dinner, Michael took Isabella back to the branch office.

"Don't forget to miss me. I'll come get you after work," Michael said.feeling a bit jealous at the thought of Isabella hanging out with Eric.

"I'm crashing at the dorm tonight with Olivia," Isabella shouted as she ran off.

Michael decided he'd finish his tasks and then head to the branch office to wait for her.


At the Johnson Group headquarters.

Michael showed uap late, looking like he was about to blow a fuse.

The two people waiting for him looked uneasy, seeing his expression.

"Michael, who ticked you off this time? Just say the word, and I'll godeal with them," Jeremy, who had always been protective of Michael since they were kids,said with concern.


Vaughn understood, thinking, 'Michael's not mad; he looks more like he's sexually frustrated. Guess I messed up his plans this afternoon.'

Vaughn couldn't help but feel a sense of unease.

"Do you have a candidate for the branch manager position?" Michael asked.even as Jeremy was still feeling sorry for him.

"Ah?" Jeremy was taken aback by the question and replied, "We discussed it together this morning, and you hadn't made a decision yet, right?"

"Jeremy, even though I have the ability to be a VP, you're the one who's the VP of the Johnson Group. I'm not obligated to make decisions for you."Michael said bluntly, though his tone was softer.

Jeremy didn't get why Michael's mood changed so fast, but he felt relieved.

"Since Eric doesn't want a promotion, he can stay as the department head.

For the manager, we can pick someone from another department," Jeremy said,cautiously watching Michael's expression. Seeing it wasn't as bad as he feared, he suggested, "Michael, you know, Eric is so dedicated. Have you thought about getting rid of the company's no-office-romance policy?"

With this rule abolished, Jeremy can pursue Qiana without any reservations.


Michael's face turned grim in an instant. He shot a glare at Jeremy and said, "If Eric doesn't want a promotion, let him stay as the department head. I'd like to see how a love-struck person without the courage to strive for more could ever win a girl's affection."

He paused, then added calmly, "As for the branch manager position,Vaughn will take it."

"Why me? Michael, even though I... you can't just send me there," Vaughn protested.

"Don't overthink it. It's not about that. I just think the branch position suits you," Michael said, still calm.

Jeremy was lost in their conversation.

"I'm calling Qiana," Vaughn said, not willing to accept it.

"Calling Grandpa won't change a thing," Michael said. "At worst, I'll just stop dealing with all this nonsense."


"You always use that to threaten us," Vaughn said, giving up and standing by the window with his hands on his hips, glaring at Michael.

Seeing the brothers at odds, Jeremy quickly stepped in to calm things down. "Michael, Vaughn isn't refusing. He just feels a bit down. Moving from headquarters to a branch feels like a demotion. It's normal for him to feel this way. And Vaughn, you almost lost a major partnership with your

mistake. Michael saved the day. He wants you to gain some experience at the branch. It's just the right time for you to lay low and avoid those old board members from hounding you. You two are the only brothers in the Johnson family. You should..."

Before Jeremy could finish, Michael stood up and walked out without looking back.

The two left standing were stunned, looking at each other, helpless against Michael's temper.

After Michael left, Jeremy sent Vaughn away. Then, Jeremy went to the restroom to tidy up his appearance. After carefully checking his face in the mirror, he finally sat down at the table and called Qiana on a video call.

"Ms. Johnson, there's an issue at the branch. I've detailed it in an email, so I won't bother you with these trivial matters over the phone," Jeremy said. "Everything is fine at headquarters, and Michael is doing well. The branch issues have been resolved, all handled by Michael. You know Mr. Johnson's capabilities; there's nothing he can't handle."

"I heard he broke up with that model. Find out what's going on," Qiana said.


"What? They broke up? I hadn't heard such good news! I'll find out right away," Jeremy said, reluctantly putting away his phone after Qiana hung up.


It wasn't until Qiana's face disappeared from the screen that Jeremy reluctantly put away his phone.


Thinking about what Qiana said, that Michael broke up with Stella, he rushed out of his office, heading straight to the underground parking lot,praying that Michael hadn't left yet.

He reached Michael's designated parking spot and saw Jerry just puling

out the car. He quickly ran out, standing in the aisle with his arms outstretched to stop the car.

Jerry didn't expect someone to suddenly jump in front of the car and almost hit Jeremy. He quickly braked, startling Michael, who was looking at his phone, causing him to lurch forward and drop his phone.
"Sorry, Mr. Johnson. Mr. Wright was blocking the car. I didn't see him,"Jerry apologized,trying to explain.

"Next time he does that, just run him over," Michael said coldly.

Although his heart was pounding from the scare, Jeremy quickly ran over,opened the car door, and sat next to Michael, excitedly asking, "Michael, I heard you broke up with that model. Is it true?"

 
###Chapter 21 Mr. Johnson, I Need a Favor

"Michael, I heard that you broke up with that model. Is it true?" Jeremy asked eagerly.

"You're quite well-informed." Michael didn't even bother denying it, so it had to be true.


Jeremy grinned, "That's awesome! I always thought Stella wasn't right for you. Sure,she's pretty, but her crowd is a mess. They'd do anything for money. Guys like us should stick to traditional girls."

Michael frowned at Jeremy's rambling. "Jeremy, has anyone ever told you that you talk too much?"


Jeremy, unfazed, replied, "I'm older than you, so it's my job to look out for you. As your future elder, it's what I should do."


Half a year ago, when Michael brought Stella home,Jeremy already had a bad feeling about her. He tried to keep Michael's grandpa,Wesley Johnson,from meeting her, but Michael insisted on introducing Stella.


Michael even held her hand and declared his love for her in front of Wesley. Wesley was so mad that he threw his cane at Michael's back.Qiana was so upset that she got sick and was bedridden for days.

Those were hectic days for Jeremy. He had to calm down the furious Wesley, take care of the sick Qiana. He also had to keep an eye on Michael,making sure he didn't just idly take Stella to visit Wesley. Without him,the family would've fallen apart.

Thinking about it, Jeremy felt the weight on his shoulders grow heavier.He needed to know why they broke up to explain it to Qiana.

"Qiana told me. She asked me to ask you. Weren't you head over heels for Stella? How could you just break up like that?" Jeremy asked, genuinely

concerned.

Michael ignored him, furiously tapping on his phone like he wanted to break the screen.

As someone who grew up with Michael, Jeremy knew this was a bad sign,but his curiosity got the best of him. He leaned in again. "Michael, just tell me,why'd you break up?"

"Get lost!" Michael opened the car door and shoved him out. Jerry drove off without missing a beat.

Jeremy watched the car disappear. "If you won't tell me, I'll find Stella."

Determined, Jeremy pulled out his phone and contacted his friends in the entertainment industry to get Stella's contact info.

Jerry drove straight to the branch office.

It wasn't closing time yet, so Michael handled some business while waiting.
He waited until most people had left the building and finally saw Isabella and Eric coming out. Isabella walked in front, with Eric half a step behind,looking like he was holding her waist from Michael's angle. He ignored Olivia beside Isabella.


Seeing Isabella chatting and laughing with Eric, Michael felt a surge of jealousy. He wanted to pull Isabella away and hide her at home, not letting anyone see her. But his rational side told him that it would scare her and giveothers an opportunity. In this critical moment, he had to stay calmn and not act impulsively.

After getting in the car, Isabella couldn't stop talking, "Mr.Johnson,I think Philip's issue involves Mr. Allen."

"Oh? Why do you think that?" Hearing her still talking about Eric, Michael suppressed his jealousy and asked.

"Because he didn't seem surprised by any of it, like he expected everything,
" Isabella said, a hint of admiration in her voice.

Michael replied coldly, "Eric's dad, Victor, is one of the major shareholders.It'd be weird if Eric were surprised. That guy's always been slick,fooling girls left and right."

"Mr. Johnson, can I ask you a favor?" Isabella didn't pay attention to Michael's sarcastic tone; she had more important questions to ask him.

"What is it?" Michael was secretly pleased that Isabella was asking him for something.

She clasped her hands together in front of herchest and asked him with a look of earnest devotion. "Our department is organizing a visit to the orphanage this weekend, and we can bring family members. I want you to come with me."


Olivia had told her that Eric might have a crush on her. She wanted to reject him, but Eric hadn't said anything outright. So, she thought of bringing Michael to show Eric that she was happily married to a handsome man, but worried Michael might overthink it since there was no concrete evidence. She could only vaguely express her hope that he would go with her.


Michael was itching for a chance to show up Eric, and now it had fallen into his lap. But seeing Isabella pleading so sweetly, he decided to milk it for some extra perks.

"Sure, but I have conditions," Michael said, pretending to think deeply.

"What conditions? As long as you agree to go with me, I'll agree to anything," Isabella said eagerly.

"Why do you want me to go so badly?" Michael wondered if there was some hidden reason behind Isabella's sudden eagerness to show him off to

her colleagues.

Isabella's heart skipped a beat, and alarm bells went off in her mind;Michael was not someone who could be easily deceived. "Every time after work, it's either Robert or Jerry picking me up. They either think my hubby is an old man or that he's ugly. They don't believe me when I explain. So I want to take you to show them."

Jerry glanced at himself in the rearview mirror, thinking, 'I'm not ugly.
Maybe not as handsome as Mr. Johnson, but decent-looking.'

Robert, busy at home, sneezed out of nowhere.

Michael was pleased by Isabella calling him "hubby," a sensation that stirred something in him, leading to thoughts that were decidedly inappropriate for the moment. "Alright, I'll go with you, but you have to agree to my condition."

Isabella urged, "What condition? Just tell me."

Michael replied, "No rush. I'll tell you tonight."

Isabella was overjoyed,humming and singing all the way home. She even helped Robert with his small garden and assisted Elodie Turner in the kitchen. Everyone in the villa caught her good mood, and the air was filled with happiness.

However, Michael didn't mention his condition even after dinner. Instead,he went straight to thestudy.

Isabella felt a bit anxious. He wouldn't have forgotten, would he? She went to the kitchen and carefully prepared a glass of fruit and vegetable juice before heading upstairs to find Michael.
 	UD
###Chapter 22 Isabella, Call Me Honey!

Isabella walked up to Michael's study, holding a glass of veggie juice.

Just as she was about to knock, the door swung open.

Michael was dressed in a light gray loungewear set, his hair slightly tousled, and a pair of black-rimmed glasses perched on his nose.He exuded an air of composure and self-assurance as he held his phone,engaged in a conversation.

He saw Isabella, motioned her in, and shut the door behind her.

She glanced around his study, a super private room with no windows,three walls packed with neatly arranged books.

The floor had a thick, soft carpet.

Michael was on a conference call, occasionally responding in a language she didn't understand.


Isabella set the juice on the table, grabbed a book, and sat next to Michael,casually flipping through it.

Michael, still on the phone, placed a hand on her shoulder,playing with her earlobe.


Under the light, Isabella's skin looked almost see-through. Soon, uinder Michael's teasing, a delicate blush began to spread across her cheeks.

Michael pulled her onto his lap, making her straddle him.

While he talked seriously on the phone, he held her waist, pressing her close, and in between calls, he nibbled on her earlobe.

His teasing sent an electric tingling through Isabella's body.

Her body, under his pecks and kisses, felt like it was on fire, ready to explode.

Feeling the changes in her body, Isabella felt a bit embarrassed.

Michael was still deep in conversation, but she was already feeling restless.

Isabella forced herself to stay clear-headed, not wanting to lose it in front of Michael.

She pushed his head away, reached for the juice, and took a few gulps.

The cold juice cooled her burning body a bit.

Isabella struggled to get off Michael, but he set his phone down,his hands gently holding her in place. Leaning close to her ear, he whispered, "Isabella,focus,okay?"

She couldn't break free, feeling both embarrassed and anxious, she whispered, "I don't want to be with you."

"Be good. Wait for me. It won't take long," Michael whispered close toher ear.


His hand slipped under her clothes, gently stroking her back.

He kissed her from her earlobe down her neck, across her shoulder,leaving a trail on her delicate skin.

Michael said, "Isabella, I didn't expect you to come to me so soon."

He inhaled her scent, his breathing quickening.

His kisses grew heavier, turning into sucking and biting.

Like a drowning man finding a lifeline, he desperately sought more from Isabella's body.

A voice on the phone asked a question.

Michael gave a brief answer, then complained to Isabella, "Isabella, you totally sweep me off my feet."


He pecked her lips repeatedly, trying to calm his emotions.

Realizing he was still on the phone. Isabella felt embarrassed and tried to get off him.

As soon as she moved, Michael held her down, grabbed her soft hand, and placed it on the bulge between his legs.

Isabella screamed as if burned and tried to pull her hand away,but Michael held it tight, making her grasp his throbbing cock.

Michael said, "Isabella, I surrender to you. You're my weakness. Don't leave,stay with me,okay?"

His voice was different from his usual calm and composed tone, sounding like he was pleading, almost whining.

Isabella was totally hooked:

Michael's warm breath tickled her ear, and his tongue sliding over her earlobe sent shivers down her spine.

On the other end of the phone, a voice said, "Mr. Johnson, did you forget,I..."


Isabella almost jumped off Michael in surprise.

Michael picked up the phone, said something serious,and finally instructed, "Aaron, you handle the follow-up.I'm out."

He handled the awkward situation like a pro, while Isabella felt so embarrassed she wished she could vanish.

Michael, having hung up the phone, completely relaxed.

"Isabella, let's go to the bedroom." He scooped her up and carried her to the bedroom.


The lighting was dim, casting a hazy, intimate glow.

Michael gently placed Isabella on the bed, like she was a rare treasure.

He leaned over her, one arm supporting his body, the other hand caressing her cheek, tracing from her eyebrows, to her eyes, down her nose,outlining her lips with his long fingers.

In Michael's eyes. Isabella saw herself clearly. His eyes were like a small world,containing only her, and only enough space for her.

Isabella felt like Michael's eyes were a vortex, pulling her in deeper and deeper, unable to escape. She couldn't help but rise and kiss the abyss that captivated her.

Michael's eyelashes fluttered like butterfly wings, brushing against her lips,triggering a storm within her body.

"Mr.Johnson... I..." Isabella said.

She felt like a fish out of water, and Michael was her salvation, luring her,calling her, wanting her to come closer.

Michael's trembling hands gently removed Isabella's already disheveled clothes, and he whispered seductively in her ear, "Isabella,what do you call me?"


"Mr. Johnson," she replied.

Michael didn't speak. His strong arms supported his body,and he bit her ear as punishment and kissed her teasingly.

Isabella felt weightless.

Like a growing vine, she clung to Michael, seeking him, craving hím.

Something within Michael's body exploded like fireworks,spreading to every corner of his being.

"Isabella, call me honey," Michael, using the last bit of his self-control to restrain the beast within, whispered seductively in her ear, "Good girl,Isabella, call me honey, and I'll give you everything."

Isabella felt a turmoil of sensations coursing through her body,yet she couldn't find a way to release them. She felt aggrieved, looking at Michael with tearful eyes. "Michael, honey, I feel uncomfortable."

All of Michael's restraint crumbled in that instant, and the floodgates within him burst open.

"Michael."

With Isabella's trembling call, he thrusted his hips forward, penetrating her deeply.

It was like the ebb and flow of the tide, rising and falling, cresting the waves; like a gentle breeze through a pine forest,rustling the needles softly;like a train racing down the tracks, sending tremors through the ground.

Isabella felt as if her soul had been drained, leaving behind only a body driven by primal urges. Under Michael's lead, she was propelled towards peak after peak of ecstasy, each one eliciting a scream.

During lovemaking, Michael always seemed to have endless energy. Until the sky lightened, Isabella's voice hoarse from shouting, Michael was still unsatisfied, dragging Isabella once more to the pinnacle of desire.
 
###Chapter 23 It Turns Out He Was Abandoned

Isabella couldn't help but notice just how much stronger guys were compared to girls.


The next morning, she woke up feeling like she'd been taken apart and put back together wrong. Everything hurt, especially her waist, which felt like it had been snapped in half and then glued back together with no strength left.


She had zero energy, just lying there in bed, too lazy to even move a finger.

Meanwhile, Michael was bouncing with energy. After his morning run and shower,even his hair seemed full of life.

Michael was already dressed. Seeing Isabella awake, he said, "Isabella, I gotta head out for a bit to take care of some stuff. I told your company you might take the day off if you're not feeling well. Last night must've been rough on you."

Thinking about everything that had happened in that bed the night before,Isabella felt too embarrassed to face Michael.

She closed her eyes, pretending to be asleep.

But her fluttering eyelashes gave her away.

Michael chuckled and planted a kiss on her forehead. "If you still wanna go to work,let Robert drive you."

At the Johnson Group headquarters.

Jeremy ran into Michael in the elevator early in the morning. "Michael,you seem in a good mnood today?"

"When am I ever in a bad mood?" Michael shot back.

"Come on, you just broke up, and your girlfriend cheated on you. Shouldn't you be mad or at least upset?" Jeremy looked at Michael,puzzled.Michael was definitely not your average guy.

"Are you spying on me?" Michael squinted. "Do you have a death wish or something?"

Jeremy raised his hands in surrender. "It was Qiana, Ms. Johnson, who asked me to find out about your breakup. I asked you,but you wouldn't say anything, so I had to go to Stella."

"Nosy much?" Michael tossed the remark at Jeremy and walked out of the elevator without looking back.

Michael usually took over Jeremy's vice president's office,but this time,he didn't even glance at it and headed straight to his office.

Jeremy knew he'd ticked Michael off again.

No way he was getting any info from Michael now; he'd have to hope Stella would spill something useful.

Jeremy went through a lot to track down Stella.

He'd met with her yesterday.

At first, Stella wouldn't say a word, no matter how much Jeremy threatened or bribed her.


But for Jeremy, as the vice president of the Johnson Group, dealing with someone like Stella was a piece of cake.

Sure enough, after a bit of intimidation, Stella spilled the beans.

Jeremy found out it was Stella who had cheated and that Michael had been dumped by her.

The more Jeremy thought about it, the angrier he got. Michael was such a great guy, yet Stella had the nerve to hurt him like that.

He decided to find someone to teach Stella a lesson, but to his shock, no one would take the job.


Michael had already smoothed things over, ordering everyone not to mess with Stella.


It seemed less like Stella had cheated and more like Michael had wronged Stella.


Jeremy shook his head and sighed inwardly, 'Michael must be completely in love with Stella to dosomething so unbelievable.'

Thinking about all the stuff hé'd dug up yesterday and Michael's recent weird behavior, Jeremy sat at his desk, staring at his untouched coffee,feeling pretty bummed out.

He figured Michael's odd behavior had to be because he was super hurt and couldn't even tell if he was happy or not.

The best way to get over a heartbreak? Start a new relationship.

Jeremy quickly called Qiana to talk about setting up a blind date for Michael.

As soon as he hung up, he couldn't wait to find Michael.


In the president's office.

Michael was talking branch office stuff with Vaughn.

“Michael, I'm throwing a friends' gathering this Saturday.You should come!" Jeremy said,looking hopeful.

"Not happening!" Michael shot back without even thinking.

“I'm free, I'll go," Vaughn chimed in.

Jeremy shot him a look that said, 'What's the point of you going?'

"I checked your schedule for Saturday. You've got nothing. How can you not be free?" Jeremy pressed.

"Do I have to report my plans to you?” Michael chuckled, lounging in his chair like a lazy big cat.

“You just broke up. What personal plans could you have?” Jeremy pushed.

Michael glared at him, and Jeremy quickly changed his tone, “If you don't go, the gathering's pointless. Everyone wants to see you."

“I said I'm not going, and that's final,” Michael firmly refused.

Vaughn could see what Jeremy was up to. It was clear he'd set up the gathering just for Michael, probably for a blind date.

He shook his head and sighed inwardly, 'Jeremy's wasting his time. Can't he see? Michael's in a surprisingly good mood right now. Normally.Jeremy would've been thrówn out by now. But look at Michael,lounging there like a well-fed cat basking in the sun. He's satisfied both mentally and physically.'

“Come on,” Jeremy thought of the task Qiana had given him and kept pushing.

Michael said, “Really can't. Normally, I'd go if I could. But this weekend, I really can't. I have a date,”

Jeremy sensed something was off.

Michael couldn't let some bad woman mess up his life,so after leaving Michael's office, Jeremy went to find his assistant, Aaron. "Aaron, has Michael been close to any female friends recently?"

“Mr.Johnson told me not to say." Even though Michael usually bossed him around, Aaron couldn't betray him.

Thinking of the affectionate scenes between Michael and Isabella,and recalling the surprising things Michael had said on the phone last night.Aaron felt that the secrets in his heart were growing more numerous by the day.


"I'm doing this for Michael's good." Jeremy was relentless, still hoping to get some useful info from Aaron. “Besides, it's not me who wants to know;it's Ms. Johnson. She's Michael's sister. She wouldn't harm him,right?”

Aaron still refused, “Sorry, Mr. Wright, I'm Mr. Johnson's assistant and only accountable for his directives."

“You're just like Jerry, not too bright." Jeremy had to admit, MichaeI was good at picking loyal people.

Jeremy felt deeply guilty for failingthe blind date plan Qiana had given him.


With that thought in mind, he hurried back to the office and called Qiana.He needed to discuss their next steps.
 	(J

###Chapter 24 Has She Fallen for Him?

Isabella woke up in her pitch-black bedroom, feeling groggy and disoriented. She momentarily couldn't grasp what time it was; it looked like evening, but something felt off.

She grabbed her phone and saw it was already past noon,with a bunch of unread messages mostly from Michael and Olivia.


First, she opened Michael's message: [Isabella, don't worry about work. I took the day off for you. Get some rest. You worked hard last night. I'll spend the weekend with you. Love you!]

Thinking about last night made Isabella's face turn bright red.

Next, she checked Olivia's messages, which started with concern: [Isabella,are you sick? Is it serious? Is there anyone with you? Do you need me to come take care of you?]


The rest were complaints about work and Eric: [Isabella, help! Eric is being so unreasonable. He gave us another design project, and the client is so picky. I can't handle it.].

[Isabella, without you here, Eric doesn't even smile at me.]

With Olivia's messages piling up, Isabella decided she needed to get to work soon. She wasn't sick, so it wasn't fair to put all the responsibilities of their shared task on Olivia.

Isabella got up, washed up, and went downstairs. Ava had already prepared lunch for her. After last night's intense activities and skipping breakfast, Isabella's stomach was growling with hunger. She didn't leave a single bite on the table.

After she finished eating, Jerry came by to pick up some documents for Michael and offered to give her a ride to the office.

Olivia hurried over, making sure to take a good look at Jerry's features.While his facial features were well-defined, they didn't have the same refinement as Eric's.


She linked her arm with Isabella's and hesitated for a moment before tentatively asking, “Isabella, even though Eric can be a bit odd,his character is solid, and he's good-looking. He wouldn't bring down the looks of the next generation... Have you ever thought about being with him?”


"What are you talking about? I'm already married! With Mr. Alan? No way!” Isabella looked at Olivia in disbelief.

"Isabella, the whole company is saying that Mr. Allen has a crush on you.
I think this might be true." Olivia said, feeling a bit upset.

Isabella said, "Olivia, I don't think Mr. Alan has a crush on me. Please don't say things like that anymore; I'm already married."


"Aren't you in a fake marriage? You're not falling for your husband, are you?" Olivia asked, her curiosity piqued.

Hearing this, Isabella fell into deep thought.

From childhood to now, although she was beautiful, she had never been in love. she didn't know what it felt like to love someone. But she was sure that she didn't dislike or reject Michael. Someone like Michael was hard to dislike. Maybe, if she let her feelings develop, she would fall in love with him.

Thinking about the message he sent her this morning, which included the words "love you," Isabella blushed.

Seeing Isabella like this, Olivia teased, "Isabella, you're done for. Look at you blushing. I must have hit the mark,right?"

"Olivia."Isabella felt embarrassed by Olivia's words.

"Let me see!" Olivia looked Isabella up and down. "Something's not right.With my over twenty years of life experience, I can tell something's up.Are you going to confess, or do I have to interrogate you?"

Isabella pulled Olivia along and reminded, "Olivia, it's time to clock in."

But Olivia dragged her to the stairwell, and they sat on the stairs,looking at each other.


Olivia broke the silence, "Isabella, Mr. Allen said this morning that you were sick. Was it your husband who took the day off for you?"

Isabella nodded.


"I thought so. You're always punctual and never sleep in. And now you don't look sick at all. Did you and he, you know, have sex?" Olivia asked.

Olivia's bluntness made Isabella blush. She looked down like a guilty schoolgirl, unable to meet Olivia's gaze, and gave a small nod.

"Was last night the first time?" Olivia continued.

Isabella shook her head. "No, it was on our wedding night."

"Isabella, you're so bold!" Olivia exclaimed. "You couldn't do it with John after being together for so long, but you don't reject him?"

Isabella nodded and softly said, "He's different."


Olivia poked Isabella's head. "What's different? They're both just regular guys."


Then she suddenly thought of something and asked, "Isabella, is your marriage serious?"

Isabella looked at Olivia in confusion. For some reason, a wave of grievance surged in her heart. "I don't know."

"Then, is he serious?" Seeing Isabella like this, Olivia felt heartbroken.

"He says he is, but I don't dare to believe it. He's just so impressive..."Isabella took a deep breath and mustered the courage to say.

"Online, they say that when you startto worry about a relationship,it means you're falling for them." Olivia said, "Isabella, you might be in love with him."

"I don't know." Isabella buried her head in her knees and muttered. "I felt indebted to him from the start of our marriage, so I let him make the decisions. If he wants to make it work, I'll stay. If he falls in love with someone else and wants a divorce, I will..."

Thinking about the possibility of Michael being with another woman in the future,repeating their current intimate actions, Isabella's heart ached as if it were being squeezed by a hand.

Olivia hugged Isabella and carefully analyzed for Isabella, "Isabella,be confident. If you love, love boldly. If you don't, leave courageously. Don't carry such a heavy burden. From your perspective, marrying him was for Ella, and you took advantage of him. But from his perspective, he didn't lose anything either."

As Olivia was speaking, Isabella's phone rang. It was Michael calling.

Isabella stood up and stepped aside, answering the phone, "Hello."

"Jerry told me you wentto work. I took the day off for you. Why didn't you rest a bit more?" MichaeI's tone was urgent; no one knew how anxious he was when he heard Jerry mention that she had gone to work.On one hand, he was worried about her health, and on the other, he didn't want Eric to be around her.

"I'm fine," Isabella's voice sounded nasal due to her earlier low mood. "I'm much better now. This task is urgent, and I can't leave it all to Olivia."

"Why does your voice sound strange? Did your supervisor bully you?"Michael asked, noticing something off in Isabella's voice.

"No,my throat is just a bit uncomfortable." Isabella said casually.

Michael said, "Oh, I see. It's my fault. I just got some ointment from the doctor for you. I was planning to come home at noon to apply it for you,but I guess it'll have to wait until tonight."

Isabella was puzzled. "What ointment?"

Michael explained, "You know, the one for... you said it hurt..."

Isabella immediately understood. Michael was actually discussing this with her in broad daylight.

Isabella said, "Mr. Johnson, is there anything else? If not, I'm hanging up."

Isabella hurriedly hung up the phone, feeling her cheeks burning, and fanned herself with her hand.


Olivia watched with a knowing smile, convinced that Isabella had genuinely fallen for him. For the sake of Isabella's marital happiness, she felt she had to find a way to squash Eric's crush.

 
###Chapter 25 My Isabella is So Good

Saturday morning. Eric rented a bus big enough for the whole department and their families. Everyone gathered downstairs at the company.

Isabella packed two suitcases, thinking Michael, being picky,wouldn't be comfortable at the countryside. She brought all the daily necessities for him.

Early in the morning. Jerry had some errands, so Aaron drove both of them to the company.

On the way, Isabella nervously reminded Michael, "When you meet my colleagues, if you don't feel like talking, ju1st smile. And if someone makes a joke that's a bit much, don't take it to heart. They're all good people and have been kind to me."


Seeing her worried look, Michael held her hand and reassured her, "Don't worry. I know how to act in social situations. I won't embarrass you."


"Of course, I know you won't," Isabella said, "I'm just afraid you might feel uncomfortable."


Michael was touched, not expecting Isabella to be so concerned about his feelings. "Don't worry. I've been through all kinds of situations. I can handle it."


Isabella thought about arriving just in time, hoping to leave as soon as she got in the car to avoid everyone asking questions.

Unexpectedly, because they arrived late, they became the topic of discussion.


"Have you seen Isabella's husband? What's he like?" A colleague asked curiously.

"I saw him from a distance that day when he dropped Isabella off at work.

He got out of the car with gray hair, looking a bit older, but his physique still looked good."

"I've seen him too. He looks older than Isabella, but the age difference doesn't seem that significant. It's just that, well, he looks a bit too... uh..."The colleague couldn't find the right word to describe him.

"Not very refined?" Another colleague chimed in.

"Right, it feels like there's a bit of a gap between them as a couple."

"What do you know? Beautiful women love strong men. Isabella's husband looks like someone who works out." Another colleague said.

"Stop talking. Isabella should be here soon. It wouldn't be good if her husband heard. Even though he looks average, he's very good to Isabella."Olivia said.


Everyone knew Olivia and Isabella were close, so when she said Michael looked average, no one had high expectations anymore.

The topic ended there.

Just before the bus was about to leave, Isabella arrived.

Aaron got off the car first, took their luggage from the trunk, and put it in the luggage compartment with the help of the bus driver.

After finishing all this, he opened the back door.

Everyone was marveling at how Isabella had found such a considerate and attentive husband when a long leg wrapped in trousers stepped out from the back door.


Michael, wearing a navy blue trench coat, stood outside the car, bent down,and held out a hand to help Isabella out.

Seeing Michael's face, the people on the bus couldn't help but exclaim,"So handsome!"


Those on the other side, not knowing what was happening,also came over to see.


Isabella held Michael's hand as they walked towards the bus, with Michael carrying Isabella's small bag.

By the time they got on the bus, everyone had returned to their seats.

Facing the attention of everyone on the bus, Isabella felt a bit embarrassed and pulled Michael towards the back.

A colleague teased, "Isabella, aren't you going to introduce us?"

Michael wrapped his arm around Isabella's shoulder, flashed a friendly smile, and called out to everyone, "Hey, folks! I'm Michael Johnson. Just call me Michael. I'm Isabella's husband. It's great to finally meet you all.Thanks for looking out for Isabella. If we get the chance,we'd love to treat you to a meal."


As he spoke, Michael glanced at Eric, who recognized him but kept it cool.

'Smart guy,' Michael thought to himself.

Michael's name wasn't as famous as Wesley's at the Johnson Group, but it was still known by quite a few.

To divert attention from his name, Michael kept talking.

Sure enough, everyone started focusing on the meal.

"Michael, when's this meal happening?" someone teased.

"Whenever you all have time, Isabella will set it up, and I'll treat," Michael replied, pulling Isabella to find a seat.

Luckily, as soon as they sat down, the bus started moving.

With the bus shaking and the engine humming, everyone quieted down,either catching up on sleep or playing on their phones, no longer focusing on the two of them.

Eric glanced back at Michael, who met his gaze and gave him a knowing look,leaving Eric puzzled.

Isabella,however,didn't sit still.

Worried that Michael might not be used to this kind of bus, she adjusted the air vent for him, took out a small blanket from her bag to cover him,and even put a neck pillow around his neck.

After finishing all this, she whispered in Michael's ear, "I brought motion sickness medicine. If you feel uncomfortable, let me know right away. It's worse if you throw up."


Seeing her taking such good care of him, Michael couldn't help but tease her, "My Isabella is so good. I'mn really lucky."

Isabella felt embarrassed by his words, turned her head, and leaned back in her seat. "I'm going to sleep."

With that, she closed her eyes.

Soon,Isabella really fell asleep.

Michael let her lie on his lap, covering her with the smalI blanket.

The two-hour bus ride passed quickly.

When Isabella woke up, her colleagues had already gotten off the bus,leaving only Michael still on board.

She then realized she had slept on Michael's lap the whole way.

"We should get off too!" Isabella urged, "Have they been off for long?"

"Not long," Michael replied, holding Isabella's hand as they got off thebus.

Isabella rushed ahead to get the luggage, but Michael blocked her. "Ill get it. You just follow."

"Can you handle it?" Isabella asked, thinking, 'Michael is always accompanied by Jerry or Aaron when he goes out. Can he handle this physical task?


Michael was a bit speechless. He thought, 'What kind of image does Isabella have of me? Someone who can't do anything? I have to change my image.'


Michael grabbed a suitcase in each hand and pulled both out of the luggage compartment.

He leaned close to Isabella's ear and whispered, "Don't worry. I can even carry you, let alone two small suitcases."


Isabella couldn't handle his teasing. She blushed and quickly ran to Olivia's side,staying far away from him.


Seeing Isabella's lively look, Michael wanted to pull her back and tease her more.

 
###Chapter 26 She's So Lucky

Olivia finally snagged a moment alone with Isabella and jumped right in, "Isabella, what's the deal with your husband? Did you hire some guy last minute to show off?"

Isabella looked confused. "My husband's always looked like this! Have you seen him before?"


Olivia raised an eyebrow. "Doesn't he usually pick you up? And remember that one time outside the police station? I think I saw him then."

Isabella's eyes widened as she realized the mix-up. "Oh, the one who usually picks me up is the driver, Jerry, or the butler, Robert. Even if Michael's there,he stays in the car."

Olivia's jaw dropped. "Wait, you married a rich guy? With a driver and a butler? What kind of family is this?"

Isabella shrugged. "Honestly, I don't know much about his family."

Thinking about family made Isabella remember meeting Michael's cousin Vaughn, which always bummed her out because Michael was weird about her meeting his family.


Olivia realized she had misspoken. Considering Michael's background,he probably wouldn't be interested in girls from ordinary families like theirs.

Olivia quickly changed the subject and tried to lighten the mood. She pinched Isabella's cheek and teased, "Come on, spill it. How could you hide such a hottie like Michael from me?"


Isabella blushed. "Michael's not that handsome, just average."

Olivia pretended to be shocked. "Girl, are you blind? You call Michael average?"

Isabella linked arms with Olivia, laughing so hard she almost doubled over.
She knew Michael was handsome; she was just being modest.

Suddenly,Olivia leaned in and whispered, "Does he have any... issues?"

Isabella looked puzzled.

"You know, any weird hobbies?" Olivia was too embarrassed to be more direct in public.

Isabella still looked lost.

Olivia got impatient and whispered in her ear, "I mean, is he violent? Like,does he have a temper, especially... in bed? I've heard rich guys can get pretty wild and sometimes hurt their girlfriends."

To Isabella's surprise, Olivia meant that. She felt like she could sink to the floor, responding in a tiny voice, "He's quite gentle..."

Olivia sighed in relief. "Isabella, you should be happy. You dtched a bad guy and married a rich, handsome one. You're so lucky. But seriously,why would his ex, Stella, cheat on him with John? Is she nuts?"

Isabella had wondered the same thing but never figured it out. If it were her, she wouldn't have done something so stupid.


"Do you think Michael fell for you at first sight,hired Stella to seduce John,and then swooped in to steal you away?" Olivia's imagination was running wild. "That would be so romantic!"

Isabella laughed, thinking Olivia was getting ridiculous."Yeah,sure.In your eyes, I'm the most charming beauty."

They both burst into laughter.

Michael, walking behind them, broke into a cold sweat. Olivia's wild theories had him on edge, but luckily, Isabella just laughed them off.

After their laughter died down, Isabella turned serious and said, "Olivia,sometimes I feel pretty unlucky. Except for my grandma,all my relatives have ditched me. But then again, I feel like fate's been kind, letting me marry Mr. Johnson. I'm really lucky."

Olivia nodded, equally serious. "Isabella, if you think he's good for you,then stick with him. You're amazing; if I were a guy, I'd want to marry you,too.Why would it be your husband's turn?"

Michael, still trailing behind them, felt even more on edge. Now he had to worry about both men and women trying to steal Isabella away!

As they neared the lodging, Olivia suddenly remembered why Isabella had brought her husband and quickly let go of her. "Alright, Isabella, I won't keep you any longer. If I do, someone might get jealous. Go find Michael;I'll check on the dorm arrangements."

With that, she dashed off, leaving Isabella behind.

Isabella realized she shouldn't leave Michael alone for too long,so she went to look for him.


Isabella looked around, puzzled about where Michael had gone. Suddenly,she turned around and bumped into a solid wall of muscle,causing stars to burst in her vision. Her nose ached, and she couldn't help but cover her face as she crouched down.


"Isabella, I'm so sorry." Michael dropped her suitcase and,before she could react,he had already wrapped her arms around him.

Their colleagues, always up for some fun, started cheering, and someone yelled,"Kiss,kiss!"

Isabella,mortified, quickly jumped down from Michael's arms and explained, "I just bumped my nose, and Michael got worried,so..."

A colleague next to her nudged her husband and pretended to be mad. "Look at Michael, Isabella just bumps her nose, and he's all worried.I nearly chopped my finger off cutting veggies, and you didn't even care.I had to bandage it myself."

Her husband laughed. "I'd love to take you to the hospital, but I'm afraid the doctors won't be able to find any injuries!"

Everyone burst out laughing, and Isabella felt even more embarrassed.

Michael turned to the group and said, "Isabella's sensitive to pain, so I get extra worried when she gets hurt. It's always been like this, and she's mentioned it to me several times."

Everyone nodded in understanding, and Isabella, feeling shy, quickly took his hand and led him away.

Olivia watched their sweet interaction and smiled.

Eric, who had been watching from the sidelines, saw the usually aloof and silent Michael explain so much in one go and couldn't help but sneer, "So pretentious!"

Olivia overheard him.

"Mr. Allen, are you jealous of Isabella and Michael's loving relationship?You don't stand a chance, so you might as well give up!" Olivia shot back.

"What am I jealous of?" Eric looked confused.

Olivia smirked. "Look at Michael-he's rich, tall, handsome,and,most importantly,good to Isabella. You can't compare."


"Why should I compare with him? Am I that bad?" Seeing Olivia compare him to other men made Eric feel very frustrated.

Olivia continued, "See, you're getting defensive. Did I hit a nerve? Since

you're not as good as Mlichael, you should know your place."

"No matter how great Michael is, he's not your husband. What's the point of saying all this?" Eric shoved his suitcase into Olivia's hands. "Since you're so free,help me with my stuff!"

With that, he walked off without looking back.

Olivia stomped her foot in frustration, thinking. 'Isabella's lucky to have a great guy like Michael, but why is the only single guy around me. Eric.such a jerk?
 
###Chapter 27 Eric is Scheming

They are staying at a regular farm.

The farm has quite a few houses, but the rooms are basic and only offer essential accommodations. Of course, for Michael, this kind of place wasn't meant for people to live in.

Michael looked around with disdain.

He couldn't wrap his head around why, with all the budget they had for activities, Eric picked this place.

"Mr. Allen said when we visit the welfare home,we're here to help, not to be a hassle. So, we can only stay at the farm near the welfare institute.and we'Il have to take care of our food and accommodation." Isabella explained to Michael while making the bed.

Knowing Michael's preferences, Isabella had brought all his personal stuff from home,


By the time they finished setting up the dorn, it was almost noon.


"Come on. we need to cook," Isabella said,dragging Michael towards the courtyard.


Michael had never set foot in a kitchen before and had no clue what raw ingredients even looked like.


"But what if I don't know how to cook?" Michael hesitated. "Isn't it bad to just eat and not help? How about I call Aaron to send us some food?"


"No need. Mr. Allen said the best part of a team is everyone doing what they're good at. So, it's fine if you can't cook. I can," Isabella reassured him.pulling him into the courtyard.

Eric stood in front of the stove, the flickering flames casting shadows on
his profile,accentuating his chiseled features.

His fingers pinched a thick-cut steak, the vibrant red marbling with fine streaks of fat. The cast-iron skillet was already sizzling hot; with a flick of his wrist, olive oilglided into the pan.

As the steak hit the surface, the oil crackled, and he leaned back slightly, a casual smile playing at the corners of his lips. One hand casually tucked in his pocket, he held a pair of tongs in the other, occasionally pressing down on the steak's surface to perfectly seal in the juices.

He had the heat just right; the moment he flipped it, the edges of the steak were already a tempting deep brown, the fat melting under the high temperature, dripping into the flames and creating a series of small pops.

He sprinkled a pinch of coarse salt, his fingers deftly twisting black pepper,letting the granules fall like confetti. Finally, he picked up a small chunk of butter, letting it melt slowly along the edge of the steak, the creamy aroma mingling with the meaty scent in the air.

He turned off the heat and lifted the steak gently, placing it on a warmed plate, the dark red juices seeping out and pooling at the bottom. He glanced down, a satisfied hum escaping his lips, then casually grabbed a handful of rosemary, crushing the leaves between his fingers,letting the fragments fall to add the finishing touch to the dish.

"Medíum rare, just right," he chuckled, his voice laced with a lazy confidence. As he lifted his gaze, his eyes burned like flames, captivating and intense.

Michael finally got what Eric was up to. This wasn't just about cooking a steak; it was a display of his captivating charm that made hearts race and cheeks flush.

Watching Eric's skills, Isabella was in awe and muttered, "Wow, Mr. Allen

is so cool!"

Olivia added, "Totally, guys who can cook are just the best."

Although Michael thought Eric looked really handsome while cooking, he felt that Eric was using this to attract Isabella, comparing his strengths to others'weaknesses.

Michael thought, 'This is so sneaky. Is he trying to make me look bad because I can't cook? Eric is cunning.'

The more Michael thought about it, the more annoyed he got. He pulled Isabella away, grumbling, "Stop watching. It's just cooking. What's the big deal? It might not even taste good."

"No, Mr. Allen's cooking is really good," Isabella defended Eric.

"How do you know?" Michael asked, irritated.

Isabella didn't get why Michael was suddenly so upset, so she calmly explained, "I heard it from our colleagues. Apparently, the company has this event every year, and Mr. Allen always cooks."

Michael felt a bit better, knowing Eric was cooking for everyone and not just trying to impress Isabella.


"Wait till we get back, I'll cook for you," Michael said jealously,holding Isabella close.


"You can cook?" Isabella asked, surprised.

She gave Michael a once-over, doubting if he could even hold a knife right.


Seeing Isabella's skepticism, Michael got even more annoyed. "What's so hard about cooking? I can definitely make something better than his."

When a guy's competitive streak kicks in, even someone as smart as

Michael can start talking nonsense.

His stubbornness made Isabella chuckle, but she tried to keep it in.She teased him with a smile, "How about giving Mr. Allen a break and showing off your skills?"

Michael shot back arrogantly, "I'm not here to perform like a circus monkey. Besides, the food I make is just for you."
Isabella didn't want to call him out, so she played along. "Of course, your amazing cooking skills are just for me."

Her support clearly made him happy, so when Eric called them to eat, he surprisingly didn't throw a fit.

During the meal, Isabella kept quiet, worried about upsetting Michael.

Unexpectedly, Michael wasn't awkward at all. He praised Eric's cooking and encouraged Isabella to eat more.

After the meal, Michael saw Isabella and Olivia chatting, so he quietly stepped out and called Aaron. "Check if Mr. Victor Allen from headquarters has any investments or businesses in hotels or restaurants."

"Mr. Johnson, are you suspecting him of embezzling funds, or..." Aaron was confused about Michael's intentions.


"It's not that deep. I just want to hire one of his chefs for my home,"Michael explained.

"That's it?". Aaron was surprised by the simplicity of the task.

"Yes, that's it. Or if you want a challenge, you can also check if any of his family members are in the restaurant business," Michael added.

"Okay, Mr.Johnson," Aaron replied.

Michael reminded him, "Don't overcomplicate it. Just find their chef and offer more money to hire them."

"Got it!" Aaron quickly agreed, finding it rare to have such a straightforward task.

When Michael returned, people in the courtyard were still raving about Eric's cooking. Picky eaters debated which dish was the best and could rival a restaurant's signature dish, while those good at cooking surrounded Eric,asking for tips.

Eric was surrounded by a group of women.

Michael glanced over and nodded in satisfaction. He thought smugly,Great, Isabela isn't among them. Eric's scheming is pointless. Isabella isn't interested in that stuff at all, enjoying the delicious food.'

Seeing him come in from the gate, Isabella walked overand quietly asked if he was tired and needed a rest.

Michael was extremely pleased, thinking that Isabella was indeed the woman he had his eyes on,with good taste and a broad perspective, who wouldn't be swayed by other men's flashy but empty tricks.

He held Isabella's hand and looked at Eric, who happened to glance over.Michael raised an eyebrow,showing his disdain.
 
###Chapter 28 He and the Man Live in the Sam House

After lunch, they headed over to the orphanage for a donation ceremony.

Michael finally figured out where Eric had blown the company's big event budget.

Eric had donated a ton of stuff to the orphanage under the Johnson Group's name. He covered everything fromn medical rehab gear to kids' toys and daily food supplies.

"Eric is quite an interesting guy," Michael said, looking at Eric with admiration.

The ceremony wrapped up quickly, so they had the rest of the afternoon to do whatever, as long as they stuckto the orphanage's rules.

Isabella and Olivia played with a bunch of kids.

Michael, witha nothing better to do, hung out in the guard room and chatted with the guard since the kids weren't too fond of his cold vibe.When the guard had to step out, Michael took over gate duty with a remote control.


When Isabella and the others came back, Michael was stuck because the guard hadn't returned yet.


Finally, the guard came back, and just when Michael thought he could cozy up with Isabella for a nap, he found his spot already taken.

The plan was one suite per family, but in the end, only Eric and Olivia,both single, were left with one suite.


Everyone teased them about sharing the suite. Olivia was embarrassed, but Eric said he was a decent guy and didn't mind who he bunked with.

With Eric saying that, Olivia felt like if she kept fussing,she'd look bad. So,on a whim, she moved her stuff in. Olivia took the inner room, and Eric took the outer room.

But when night came, Olivia got scared. She didn't want to face Eric alone and ran to Isabella's room,refusing to leave.

Seeing Michael return, Isabella hurried to the living room, standing in front of him, looking hesitant.

"What's up?" Michael asked.

Isabella tentatively said, "Can you... switch rooms with Olivia? She's a girl,and it's not right for her to stay with Mr. Allen. Plus, she's always been scared of him."

Michael said, "You want me to stay with Eric?"

"Not exactly together. There are two rooms and two beds," Isabella quickly explained.

"What? You want me to sleep with him? I don't even want to stay in the same suite with him. This place is alreadly a dump, and I'm not used to it.Now you wantto kick me out and make me live with Eric. Isabella, do you really not want to sleep with me?" Michael said,feeling wronged.

Isabella was speechless. She thought Michael wouldn't agree,but she didn't expect him to act so hurt.

Michael looked around the room. It wasn't great, or rather, he didn't want to stay hereat all.


The basic facilities, though not dirty, were clearly old and wouldn't be comfortable to use.


Maybe because it hadn't been lived in for a while, there was a musty smell

in the air.

Michael thouight, 'I should've asked Aaron to get a cleaning crew to deep clean and replace the furniture, at least the bed. Or I can call Jerry later and have him bring an RV over so Isabellà and I can sleep in it for a night.In that case, switching rooms with Olivia won't be a big deal. At worst.when Jerry arrives, I can find a way to lure her out.'
Olivia peeked out from the bedroom, silently pleading with Isabella.

Isabella gave her an OK gesture.

Seeing Michael silent in muse, Isabella boldly approached,pressing her body against his back, her arms wrapping around his waist, her soft fingers tracing his abs.

"Mr. Johnson, you're so kind. Please switch rooms with Olivia!" Isabella said, like a kitten, against Michael's back. But Michael ignored her.

Then, Isabella's small hands continued to explore his abs, and she said,"Mr. Johnson, think about it, Olivia is just a young girl and hasn't even had a boyfriend. It's not right for her to share a room with Mr. Allen."

Michael, totally turned on by Isabella's teasing, didn't catch a word she was saying.

Isabella thought Michael was still mulling it over, her fluffy head rubbing against his back, asking, "Michael... will you?"

Hearing his name like that made Michael's heart explode like fireworks,and he blurted out, "Okay."

He pulled Isabella's arms away, turned around, and hugged her. Seeing the sly smile on her face, he knew he had been tricked. Michael never did anything without getting something in return. His mind raced to find some benefit for himself.

He wrapped one arm around Isabella's waist, the other hand pinching her chin, forcing her to look at him.
Michael cooed, "You set me up, you tricky little witch."

Isabella, feeling guilty, lowered her eyes, not daring to look at him,and asked softly, "What do you want then?"

Michael replied, "I don't want to agree to this no matter what.Why would I leave you, someone so sweet and lovely, to share a room with Eric? I'm not out of my mind."

Isabella asked, "It's just one night. What would it take for you to agree?"

Michael thought, 'Yeah, just one night. The living conditions are so bad.The beds are terrible to sleep in, let alone making love with Isabella.'

Michael asked, "Is it true that if I switch, you'll agree to any request?"

Isabella blushed fromn head to toe.

Michael teased, "Looks like you know me well. I'll keep my request with you, and we'll settle it when we get back."

With that, he lowered his head and kissed Isabella's lips hard, sucking until her lips were slightly swollen before letting go.

"This is just a bit of interest." Michael flicked her nose. Then he turned to Eric's place. "I'm leaving! Don't forget about me."

Isabella quickly handed himn a big bag with his personal items and said, "I put a set of bed linens from home, clean underwear, toiletries, and towels in a waterproof bag, slippers at the bottom. Call me if you need anything else, and I'll bring it over."

Michael didn't expect her to be so thorough. Feeling touched, he kissed her again before reluctantly leaving.

Back in the room, Olivia saw Isabella's shy look and felt a bit guilty,thinking she should give them a nice gift later.
When Eric returned to the suite, he found all of Olivia's things gone. He shook his head helplessly. Although he expected she wouldn't stay with him, he was still a bit disappointed.
Eric thought, 'Where could she have gone? As her supervisor and the organizer of this event, I have a duty to find out.'
Just as he picked up his phone, he saw Michael walk in with a huge bag.

"Mr. Johnson, what are you doing?" Eric asked.

"Because of you, I got kicked out and am stuck with you," Michael said grumpily.

Michael looked around the room. The layout was different from the one he shared with Isabella, but it seemed more comfortable, maybe because it was smaller. Eric had lit incense, so there wasn't that unpleasant smell. It was bearable.

Eric took out two cans of beer from his luggage, handed one to Michael,and they sat by the window without speaking.

After a long time, Eric broke the silence. "Mr. Johnson, why are you hiding your identity?"

"Since you asked, get your mind off Isabella. She's with me," Michael said coldly, playing with the beer can in his hand.

Eric looked up, surprised at Michael's defensive stance, and couldn't help but laugh. "Mr. Johnson, you don't think I like Isabella, do you?"

"Isn't it?" Michael frowned.

Eric laughed. "Mr. Johnson, you misunderstood. Ms. Taylor and I are just

colleagues, and if you agree, we also have a superior-subordinate relationship."

"But I heard you didn't go to headquarters or get promoted because you had a crush on a female subordinate," Michael suddenly realized."You like Olivia."

Eric smiled bitterly. "She doesn't even know."
 
###Chapter 29 A Conversation Between Two Men

Eric and Michael, having cleared up their misunderstanding, each had their own thoughts. Soon, they accumulated a pile of empty cans behind them.

Eric, with red-rimmed eyes, squeezed a beer can and spoke softly, "Mr.Johnson, please keep this matter confidential."

In Michael's understanding, if one liked someone, one should boldly go for it and find ways to keep them by one's side.

"Why?" Michael asked, particularly interested in Eric's thoughts.

Eric earnestly said, "Love is a personal matter. Sometimes it has nothing to do with the other person. Especially when you can't promise them a future,it's better not to let them know to avoid causing them unnecessary worries.



Michael had never heard such an idea before. He thought about his marriage with Isabella, 'Should I not let her know I like her? But if I didn't act, I would lose her forever. Can I promise her a future? I'm not sure.Even though I have been planning for a long time, I still don't dare to let my family know. Have I caused her worries? Probably.

Michael didn't dare to think further. He took a gulp of beer to suppress his thoughts.

"Mr. Johnson, if it gets out that I like Olivia, it will cause her a lot of trouble. I don't mind, but I don't want to drag her into it. You know my father. He can come up with any scheme for his own purposes. I don't want Olivia to get hurt," Eric explained his reason for secrecy.

"What if I can't?" Michael asked.

Michael had a good impression of Olivia. She had done a lot for Isabella.which showed she was a good girl.

Michael decided to help Olivia by assessing whether Eric could protect her.

"Then don't blame me for being rude. I'll reveal your secret to divert attention. After all, Mr. Johnson, your charm far exceeds mine. Also, it will give my father a comparison, making him think I'm not that bad." Eric paused and continued, "I never knew what to do if my father found out about Olivia. Today, Mr. Johnson, you've given me a way out. Compared to a sham marriage, my little crush is nothing."

"A sham marriage? You think I'm in a sham marriage?" Michael, taken aback, questioned, "I'm not after money or sex, yet you all think I'm in a sham marriage."

"Isabella thinks so too, right?" Eric laughed. "Mr. Johnson, in the conventional sense, sham marriages are mostly for money or sex because those people lack those things. Think about it, is your marriage with Isabella really without any ulterior motives?"

Michael was silent, thinking, 'Yes, I'm not after money or sex; I'm after Isabella herself. I want not just her body but also her heart. I'm greedier than those who are after money or sex.'

Eric continued, "Because you have ulterior motives, you lie to her. To Isabella, that is a sham marriage."

Michael took a deep breath and made a promise to Eric. "Alright! I promise to keep your secret. Just don't cause me any unnecessary trouble."

"I won't. I still hope you will promote me and give me a raise!" Eric smiled slyly.

"Little fox from the old fox's family!" Michael teased.

"Every little fox has its own pursuits," Eric stated his position.

Michael stood up, punched Eric lightly on the chest, clinked his beer can with his, and drank it all. "I get your point. Thanks! I'm going to sleep."

Michael walked towards the inner room.

After finishing his conversation with Eric, Michael had completely forgotten about calling Jerry to have him send an RV.

Eric cleaned up the mess on the floor, turned off the lights, and went to sleep.

Neither Michael nor Eric expected that just one night in the same house would cause a storm among the senior employees of the Johnson Group.

It all started with Aaron.

Aaron received Michael's order to investigate whether the Allen family had any restaurant businesses. It seemed simple but was not easy to execute.

Because he had been managing Michael's private assets for years and had little involvement with the Johnson Group's business, he only found out that neither Eric nor his father Victor had any restaurant businesses. As for other family members, he found nothing. So he went to the Johnson Group headquarters to see if he could get some information from Jeremy.

"Aaron, it's rare to see you here." Jeremy, who never got any information from Aaron, didn't greet him warmly.

"I'm here for a personal matter," Aaron didn't want to reveal too much.


Facing Jeremy, Aaron was afraid he might aceidentally leak information about Michael.

Under the guise of an interest in investing in the restaurant business,
Aaron asked Jeremy who in the group had restaurant businesses.

Knowing that Aaron managed Michael's personal assets, Jeremy was forthcoming.
When the Allen family was mentioned, Aaron asked a few mnore questions,making Jeremy sensitive to the fact that Aaron's target was the Allen family.

Jeremy quietly had someone investigate the connection between Michael and the Allen family.
The Allens were as cunning as foxes. Jeremy feared that if Michael didn't understand them well enough, he might suffer, and Qiana would be heartbroken. In that case, he would be too.

His investigation revealed that Michael had gone to the orphanage with Eric's department from the branch office.

Jeremy quickly sent someone to the orphanage to gather information overnight.

When Jeremy's subordinate arrived, it happened to be when Michael and Eric were drinking by the wvindow.

To the subordinate, their conversation seemed like a heartfelt confession,so he recorded it on his phone and sent the video to Jeremy.

This video explained everything that had confused Jeremy.

He finally understood why Michael suddenly started caring about the branch office, sending him messages in the middle of the night to ask him fix the road and streetlights in front of it. He realized why Michael was determined to get rid of Philip and promote Eric at all costs. It became clear why Michael was so unhappy when he found out about Eric's crush on the female subordinate in the department. He also grasped why Michael was so generous in compensatng Stella despite her infidelity.

All the questions had answers now, and Jeremy was scared.

He immediately called his subordinate.

"Come back immediately. Delete all the photos. Don't keep any, and don't spread them." Jeremy gritted his teeth and threatened, "If you leak this,I'll make sure you can't stay in Silvercrest City."

After hanging up,Jeremy slumped in his chair like a deflated balloon,taking a long time to recover.

Jeremy thought, 'How could Michael, who has been so proud since childhood, have been forced to such an extent in private that even his sexual orientation has changed? How much has Michael endured? I can't help him cover this up. If things continues, who knows what will happen if Wesley finds out? For Michael, Wesley, and the family, I have to tell Qiana. If Michael continues to be willful, the Johnson family might be ruined!

Jeremy called Qiana, "Ms. Johnson, I have some news for you... Don't get too excited. Michael... Michael likes men!"
 
###Chapter 30 He Likes Men

"How is that possible!" Qiana scoffed on the other end of the line. "Michael could never like a man! He's still hung up on her; this is just a little tactic to force us to submit."

"Qiana,hear me out. I think this time it's more complicated than that."Jeremy could tell she wasn't taking it seriously, so he started laying out all the info he'd gathered. "Michael's been acting weird about that branch office. He texted me in the middle of the night, asking me to get someone to fix the road and streetlights in front of the company ASAP. Then,when Philip had that accident, Michael pushed for Eric to be promoted to manager and even asked me who Eric likes. I told him Eric has a crush on a female coworker, and Michael got pissed and made Mr. Vaughn Johnson the manager instead. Plus, he had Aaron snooping around to see if the Allen family was in the restaurant business, and tonight, the two of them even stayed together."

Jeremy kept rambling, getting more worked up, and Qiana tried to calm him down, "Don't óverthink it. Maybe they just get along well."

Jeremy wasn't buying it and thought Qiana was oversimplifying things.He pressed on, "Ms. Johnson, I swear, those two are definitely more than just friends. Philip's accident at the branch office was Michael's doing, and he cut off Philip's opportunities. I looked into it, and Philip had been sabotaging Eric's department. I knew about Philip's actions but didn't do anything because the branch office was still performing well. But to Michael, it was unforgivable. Ms. Johnson, think about it, if they were just friends, would Michael go to such lengths?"

Qiana was overwhelmed by Jeremy's long-winded explanation and stayed silent.

Jeremy took a breath and continued, "Ms. Johnson, even though it's hard to accept, we have to deal with it. You should come back quickly. Michael

listens to you. Breaking them up is the top priority."

After calling Qiana, Jeremy still felt uneasy, so he called Aaron and Jerry separately,telling them to bring Michael back first thing in the morning.Only then did he feel a bit more at ease and went to sleep.
Michael, on the other hand, had a rough night.

He lay alone on a hard wooden bed, tossing and turning for half the night.The bed was so uncomfortable that he couldn't find a good position.

He finally fell asleep when he couldn't keep his eyes open anymore.

It felt like he hadn't slept long before his phone started ringing.

Michael fumbled for his phone with his eyes closed and groggily answered,"Who is it?"

"Mr. Johnson, it's me, Jeremy." Jeremy's voice was cautious.

Michael was dlisturbed from his sleep and was in a bad mood. He said irritably, "This better be important."

Jeremy said, "Mr. Johnson, it's urgent. Something happened at the company that needs your attention."

"What urgent matter can't you handle? I'm busy and can't come back."Michael said,clearly irritated.


Jeremy insisted, "It's too complicated to explain over the phone,but I can't handle it."


"Does it have to be me?" Michael rarely got to go out with Isabella and didn't want to go back.

Jeremy replied, "Yes, Mr. Johnson, it has to be you."

Michael sighed, "Alright. I'm not at home. Have Jerry come pick me up.It Il take about four hours round trip."
Eric, who was sleeping in the other room, was woken up by Michael and shouted, "Mr. Johnson, can you keep it down? I'm trying to sleep."
"Mr. Johnson... are you seriously sleeping with... a guy?" Suddenly, a man's voice came through the phone clearly, and Jeremy was startled.
"Boring," Michael snapped, not in the mood to explain, and hung up.

To Jeremy,it seemed like Michael was caught red-handed and hung up out of guilt.

Michael called Jerry, who said he and Aaron were already on their way and would be there soon.

Michael washed up and sat outside, waiting for them.

After being woken up, Eric couldn't fall back asleep. With his eyes closed and his head buried in the pillow, he mumbled groggily, "Mr. Johnson, are you heading back?"

"Yeah, there's an issue at the company, and I need to go back," Michael replied. "How long are you guys staying here?"

"Stay a few more days?" Eric rubbed his eyes and sat up. "If we don't go back this afternoon, the company will fire us all tomorrow."

"That's on you. With your status and skills, do you really need to clock in and out at headquarters?" Michael shot back.

"Mr. Johnson, everyone has their own ambitions," Eric said,not wanting to argue, and lay back down.

"You're blinded by love!" Michael said sharply.

"At least I didn't marry under false pretenses," Eric retorted.

Just then, Jerry drove the car into the yard.

"Tm leaving. Tell Isabella for me," Michael instructed.

"Tell her yourself," Eric said irritably.

"I don't want to wake her," Michael patiently explained.

"Get lost!" Eric threw a pillow at him, which Michael easily dodged.

Michael stepped outside, and the fresh, crisp air hit him, instantly lifting his mood.

Looking at the dew-covered vegetables in the yard, Michael felt a bit reluctant to leave.

Aaron got out of the car and opened the back door. "Mr. Johnson, let's go!"

Michael got in the car and was really happy with how comfy the seat was.Feeling sleepy, he decided to take a nap.

"Aaron, when we get back, put together a plan to buy this place.Let's invest in some renovations; I'll be coming back in the future..." Michael said.


He thought he must renovate it well, especially the beds.

In his entire life, except for when he ran away from home as a teenager,he had never slept on such a hard bed, which made his whole body ache.

Aaron noted it down. He wanted to confirm some details with Michael, but found that Michael was already asleep, occasionally snoring.

Jerry and Aaron exchanged a knowing smile,both wondering what had happened to Michael last night to leave him looking so exhausted-he was

usually full of energy!

Jerry drove Michael for two hours at top speed, and they finally arrived at the headquarters of the Johnson Group.

Michael stormned into Jeremy's office, grabbed him by the collar, andsaid through gritted teeth, "This better be important, or I'll send you on a one-way trip abroad."

Jeremy was choked and couldn't breathe, his face turning red, and he shouted incoherently, "Michael, Mr. Johnson... Michael..."

When he couldn't shout anymore, Michael threw him onto the sofa.

Jeremy took big gulps of fresh air, finally catching his breath.

He stood up, straightened his clothes and tie, smoothed his hair, and stood in front of Michael.

"Ms. Johnson's plane lands at noon today. Do you think it's urgent or not?"he said, looking smugly at Michael.

"Qiana is coming back? Why didn't I know? Why so suddenly?" Michael exclaimed in surprise.


“Of course, I hold a higher place in Qiana's heart than you do...” Jeremy said,feeling quite full of himself.

Michael rolled his eyes at Jeremy and quickly turned to Aaron. "Go get the files that haven't been dealt with in the past few days."

After Aaron left, Jeremy leaned close to Michael, smugly saying, "Michael,don't be so irritable. I'm not going to harm you. Don't forget, I'm on your side."


Michael sneered, "You're Qiana's man."
 
###Chapter 31 He Wasn't Secretly in Love with I sabella

As soon as Isabella woke up, she dragged Olivia over to Eric's dorm to find Michael.
After crashing there for the night, she realized the dorm bed was super uncomfortable. Luckily, she was used to sleeping on the floor as a kid, so she managed to tough it out for one night. But Michael? No way he could handle it. The beds at home had thick mattresses; he probably never slept on something so hard. She wondered how he managed.

In the outer room, Eric was still sound asleep and didn't even notice them coming in.

Isabella headed straight to the inner room, only to find the bed empty,the covers all messed up, and all his stuff still there, but no Michael.

"Olivia, he's gone," Isabella said,sounding worried.

Olivia tried to calm her down. "Don't freak out. Let's ask Mr. Allen what happened first."


Isabella said, "I'll go outside and call him."

Olivia went over to Eric's bed, yanked on his arm, and woke him up. "Hey,Eric,wake up!"

"Olivia, are you even a woman? Coming to my bed early in the morning for a thrill?" Eric was having a sweet dream, suddenly interrupted,and when he opened his eyes, he saw the dream's heroine right in front of him,but he could only look, not touch.

"Eric, you're too much! If you like someone,just go after her openly. Why resort to sneaky stuff? You're so despicable and shameless."

"Olivia, are you nuts? What are you ranting about this early? Did a mad dog bite you, making you lash out at everyone?" Eric-wanted to pin her down and give her a good lesson but didn't dare, so he just argued with her.

Olivia knelt on his bed, one hand on her hip,the other pointing at Eric,shouting, "I'm crazy? I think you're the one who's crazy. You can't have what you want, so you turn to hate. Your scheme is exposed,isn't it?"

"What?" Eric leaned in closer to Olivia and said, "If I turned to hate, you'd be dead by now."

Olivria bawled, "See! I knew your scheme would come out! Now confess,where did you take Michael?"

"You're asking me for Michael?" Ericlaughed angrily.

"Who else would I ask? Michael kindly switched rooms with me and stayed with you for a night, and now he's gone. You're just jealous of him,twisted, and can't stand their happy marriage." Olivia said righteously.

"Michael had something to do and left early." Eric didn't want to argue with Olivia anymore and remembered Michael's instructions before leaving."Tell Isabella."


Saying that, he tried to lie back down to sleep.

Olivia pulled him up. "You say he had something to do, but who knows if you drove him away!"

"Are you crazy? Why would I drive him away for no reason? You're really unreasonable." Eric was speechless with Olivia.

Olivia sneered, "Stop hiding it. I already figured it out. You like Isabella,but she's already married, and they have a great relationship. You should give up and stop liking her."

Eric flipped over and pinned Olivia down. "You actually think I like Isabella!"

There was a flicker of some emotion in his eyes that Olivia couldn't understand,making her scared.

Olivia's eyes darted away, avoiding his gaze. "Am I wrong? Everyone at the company says you have a crush on a female subordinate, and you always take care of Isabella at work. Stop denying it."

Eric sneered, got up from the bed, walked to the window, and said coldly,"I do have a crush on a girl, but it's definitely not Isabella. And it's not that I always take care of Isabella at work; it's that Isabella knows how to be grateful for the help she receives, unlike someone who doesn't appreciate anything."

"Olivia, Mr. Johnson did leave." Isabella ran in, wanting to tell Olivia that Michael indeed had something to do and left. But she didn't expect to see this scene: Olivia lying on Eric's bed, blushing,and Eric standing by the window, angrily staring at Olivia.

"You... what's going on here?" Isabella looked at Eric, then at Olivia,not understanding the situation.


Olivia got up from the bed, pulled Isabella, and walked out. "Isabella, I never want to see him again. Let's go."

"Olivia, what happened? You and Mr. Allen..." Isabella asked.

"Isabella, I'm sorry. On the spur of the moment, I mentioned his crush on you,but it turns out it was a misunderstanding. He said he doesn't like you." Olivia apologized to Isabella.

Isabella also felt embarrassed and didn't want to face Eric anymore.

"Isabella, let's take a cab!" Olivia suggested.

"T'll call one." Isabella quickly said.

They spent a long time on their phones but couldn't find a single cab.

"This place is tooremote," Olivia said dejectedly, "No cabs come here."

Isabella was surprised. "No cabs? Then how did Mr. Johnson get back?"

"Call him quickly and ask how he got back," Olivia said urgently.

Isabella quickly took out her phone and called Michael again.

When Michael received Isabella's call, he was on his way to the Johnson Group, dozing off in the car. Seeing it was Isabella calling, he immediately picked up the phone.

When Isabella called, Michael was on his way to the Johnson Group headquarters. He was dozing off in the car and immediately answered when he saw it was Isabella. Michael chuckled, "What's up, Isabella?Missing me already?"

"Mr. Johnson, have you arrived?" Isabella asked.

"Not yet. Probably another half hour's drive," Michael said,glancing at the GPS.


"How? Are you taking a cab?" Isabella asked.

"Jerry came to pick me up. What's wrong? Do you need a ride back?"Michael sensed something was off with Isabella.

Isabella felt frustrated. She forgot Michael was a rich kid! His family had multiple luxury cars and several drivers.

"No, I was just asking, showing some concern!" Isabella made up an excuse.

"Tll have Jerry come back to pick you up," Michael said.

"No need. It's too far," Isabella quickly refused.

"Tll call Robert and have him arrange for a driver to pick you up, okay?"Michael said, "Don't take the bus. It's uncomfortable and not clean."
Isabella was about to refuse when Olivia quickly said, "Okay. Thank you,Michael."

"Alright!" Michael said. "Isabella, I might not come hometonight.Eat well and rest well at home. If you need anything, find Robert. Take care."
"Okay, you take care too," Isabella said.

They reluctantly hung up the phone.

Olivia looked at Isabella enviously and said, "Isabella,seeing how good your relationship is, I want to find someone to marry too!"
 
###Chapter 32 Qiana's Return

Michael had been so swamped all morning that his hands were starting to cramp up.

He usually didn't spend much time at the office, which meant a mountain of documents piled up needing his signature.
When Aaron brought them over. Michael was taken aback.

He spent the entire morning reading andsigning,barely lifting his head.

During a break, he called Robert to arrange for the family driver to pick up Isabella.

Seeing Michael so busy, Jeremy sauntered over, grinning, "Michael, do you know why Ms. Johnson suddenly came back?"

Michael ignored him and kept signing.

Jeremy leaned on Michael's desk, lowered his voice, and said, "I heard Ms.Johnson came back to set you up on a blind date."

Michael finally looked up, surprised.

Jeremy teased, "See, at critical moments, you can always count on me! Be nicer to me, Mr.Johnson."

Michael sneered, "If she's not afraid of me offending all her connections,she can arrange all she wants. I won't like any of the people she sets me up with anyway."


Jeremy gave him a knowing look and said, "You really don't want to go on a blind date? If you settle down sooner, Wesley would be more at ease handing over the company to you."

Michael said indifferently, "Jeremy, if you like blind dates, I'll have Qiana

arrange them for you. I don't care about the company."

Michael always treated him like an equal.

Hearing Michael say he'd have Qiana arrange blind dates for him, Jeremy panicked and quickly said, "I don't need blind dates; I already like someone."

"Yeah. I know. You like Qiana, the one you can't have," Michael laughed."I also like someone, butunlike you, we like each other."

Michael always knew how to make people uncomfortable in conversations.

"Is..." Jeremy almost blurted out Eric's name but stopped himself just in time.


"Don't ask," Michael said, thinking Jeremy was increasingly distracted from work and doubting if Jeremy could handle the VP position.

Jeremy muttered under his breath, 'You like Eric. Of course, you don't want me to ask.


"By the way, can you find out if the Allen family has any restaurant businesses?" Michael asked Jeremy. "I had Aaron look into it, but he doesn't know enough about the headquarters to find any information."

Jeremy said, "Aaron asked me about it, but I didn't know what you were up to, so I didn't go into detail. Why do you want to know?"

For once, Michael didn't retort and seriously said, "Mr. Allen's son Eric is a great cook. I want to know how he learned it. I thought maybe their family owns a restaurant, so he got so good. Otherwise, it doesn't make sense. Find out which restaurant it is and help me poach the chef."

Jeremy asked,"Are you planning to get into the restaurant business?"

Michael replied, "No, I want him to teach me how to cook. I've never

cooked before, but I think I have more talent than Eric. If I learn, I should be better than him."

Jeremy was speechless, thinking, 'Is this some kind of couple's game? How much does Michael love Eric? Michael even wants their cooking to be the same. If Eric were a girl, I'd fully'support them. But, unfortunately, it's Eric. No, I have to get Michael back on track.'

Jeremy said, "Michael, you used to like girls, right?"

"That's right." Michael nodded.

He thought to himself, 'Not only did I like girls before, but I still do now.'

Jeremy kept pushing, "Then... why Eric? Look at me, not bad,right? Look at Aaron, he's handsome too. Even your driver Jerry, tall and strong,though not as refined, has his own charm. Why Eric? Victor is conservative; he would kill you if he finds out what you two are doing."

Michael scoffed, thinking Jeremy was just trying to scare him. Keeping a secret about Eric could endanger his safety? Please.

Michael couldn't stand Jeremy's nagging and tuned him out, focusing on signing documents.

Just as he finished signing and was about to stretch his fingers,Jeremy dragged hm to the airport.

It was still early, so Michael leaned against a pillar playing on his phone,while Jeremy kept a close eye on the exit, afraid of missing the person they were waiting for.

Finally, when Qiana appeared, Jeremy's face lit up with happiness.

"Qiana is so beautiful!" Jeremy exclaimed.

"Put that look away, or Qiana will punch you!" Michael coldly reminded

him, dlisliking his expression.

Qiana's skin was smooth and delicate, her lips red and refined like blooming rose petals; her long hair casually draped over her shoulders,and she was wearing a white long dress with a dark coat over it. As she walked,her dress and coat fluttered, making it seem like she walked with the wind.


She strode forward,followed by her assistant, who had to jog to keep up.

Jeremy somehow produced a bouquet of red roses, handed it to Michael to hold. took out a wet wipe from his pocket, carefully wiped his hands,and then approached with the roses. "Ms. Johnson, welcome back!"

Qiana opened her arms and hugged Jeremy, not letting go for a long time.Jeremy greedily inhaled Qiana's scent, feeling a bit intoxicated, thinking his life was complete.

Qiana said, "Jeremy, thank you for your hard work during this time."

Jeremy replied, "Qiana, it's not hard. For our family, no amount of hard work is too much."


Qiana released Jeremy and turned to hug Michael.

Michael put his phone back in his pocket, opened his arms,and hugged Qiana,whining, "Qiana, you're finally back. While you were gone,Jeremy kept bullying me, making me do so much work, even pushing his own tasks onto me."


"Michael, don't be childish. These tasks will be yours sooner or later,"Qiana said gently but with a powerful tone. "If you find Jeremy a nuisance,I'll take him away."

"See, I knew Qiana wouldn't abandon me," Jeremy said, casting a challenging look at Michael.

Michael ignored his provocation and teased, "When the time comes,you'll find it hard to even breathe some free air."

Jeremy was about to say something when Qiana patted his shoulder and said emotionally, "Jeremy, these three years have been hard on you."

Jeremy hugged Qiana tightly, leaning on her shoulder, saying,"Not hard at all. As long as I can do something for you, no hardship matters."

"Qiana, you need to control him. He's always pledging his loyalty. Take him away quickly!" Michael didn't want to see Jeremy acting like that anymore.

Jeremy immediately shouted, "You don't need to worry about me and Qiana."


Qiana calmly said, "Anyway, Jeremy at least has a fixed goal in his love life.But you're so grown up and still don't have a steady girlfriend. Tonight,come with me to a blind date. I've already arranged dinner with Autumn Foster."
 	N
###Chapter 33 Wishing Her a Failed Blind Date

Robert got a call from Michael, asking him to arrange a pickup for Isabella.

Instead of sending a driver, Robert decided to drive himself to get Isabella and Olivia.

Isabella texted Michael to let him know she was back.

She waited for a while, but her phone stayed silent.

She tried calling him, but no one picked up.

Seeing Isabella getting all anxious, Robert tried to calm her down, "Mrs.Johnson, Mr. Johnson is probably swamped. He hasn't been to work for a few days, so he's probably catching up."

Isabella only knew Michael hadn't been to the Johnson Group,thinking he didn't have a formal job. She didn't realize he had other work.She really didn't know much about Michael.

Since it was still early, Isabella decided to visit Ella at the Summit Serenity Sanctuary in the mountains.

Knowing it was tough to get a cab in the mountains, Robert decided to go with them.


Ella was thrilled to see Isabella, beaming. They wheeled Ella around the courtyard to soak up some sun and chatted about things Ella enjoyed.

Even though Ella was happy,she was still very ill and soon dozed off.

Isabella stayed by her bedside for a bit. Once Ella was in a deep sleep, she and Olivia left.


On their way back, they passed a busy shopping street and decided to get out and stroll around, letting Robert head back first.

Robert kept reminding Isabella to call him when they were ready to go home so he could pick them up. Only after she agreed did he leave.

The two wandered around, chatting as they went.

They didn't have anything specific to buy, so it felt more like they were just killing time.

In a women's clothing store, Olivia spotted a trench coat she liked. She tried it on, and it looked great on her, perfectly showing off her figure while adding a touch of elegance. The soft, gentle color enhanced her overall look.

Even though the price was a bit high for Olivia, it was still within her budget. Looking at herself in the mirror, she didn't hesitate to buy it.

They kept wandering around the shopping street but didn't find anything else they really wanted. So, they found a café to sit down and rest.

Their coffee hadn't even arrived when the owner of the store where Olivia had bought the coat approached them and said, "Excuse me, we can't sell you that trench coat. Please return it, and we'll compensate you double."

The owner seemed sure Olivia would return the coat for double the price.

"Sorry, I've already paid for it. What I buy is mine, and whether I return it or not is up to me," Olívia said, annoyed by the owner's presumptuous tone. "This coat fits perfectly, and I like it, so I don't want to return it."

The owner, not giving up, kept pestering Olivia to return the coat.

Olivia got angry. She stood up and sternly told the owner, "Once I've paid for something, it's no longer your concern. If you keep insisting I return it,I'll call to file a complaint."

Olivia took her phone out of her bag, ready to dial the complaint number.

Before she could dial, the owner took out her own phone and made a call.

Soon, a woman wearing the same trench coat as Olivia arrived with another woman, who looked like this woman's friend.

This woman was tall and sturdy. The trench coat perfectly concealed her thick waist and large hips, making her look slim and elegant.

Isabella thought to herself. 'This coat is really well-designed!

The woman swaggered straight up to Olivia and arrogantly said, "I've bought all the sizes of this coat. Give it to me, and I'll pay you double."

"Get it straight, I bought it first. Why should I give you something I bought?" Olivia couldn't be bothered to deal with her.

The woman's friend stepped up and threatened Olivia, "Ms. Foster never wears the same style as anyone else. She always buys all sizes of a style she likes, unlike you poor folks who treat one piece of clothing like a treasure. Ms. Foster's offer is already generous. If you know what's good for you, hand over the coat and don't make us take it by force."

Olivia was usually pretty chill. If they had been nicer, she might have sold the coat. It wasn't like she had to wear it. But Autumn's aggressive and unreasonable attitude ticked her off, and she didn't want the money anymore.

Seeing that Olivia had no intention of giving up the coat, Autumn stepped forward to try and snatch it.


Just then, the café server brought their coffee. Olivia had just picked up a cup when Autumn and her friend tried to grab the coat. Olivia instinctively threw the cup at them, spilling coffee all over Autumn.

"Are you crazy?" Autumn's friend yelled as she helped wipe the coffee off Autumn's clothes. "If Ms. Foster misses her date because of you, can you

afford to compensate her?"

"Oh, you're going on a date? Don't worry. If I ruin your date, I'll get you a boyfriend.Whatever type you want," Olivía said disdainfully. "With your attitude, no one would be interested in you anyway."

"Tll remember this! You just wait! You humiliate me like this, and I won't let you off easily!" Autumn, covered in coffee, pointed a trembling finger at Olivia and threatened before hurriedly leaving.

This little incident didn't affect their mood at all. After finishing their coffee,Isabella and Olivia continued to stroll around.

After walking for a while, they got tired, and it was getting dark. Isabella and Olivia decided to eat out.

"Olivia, that restaurant looks nice. Shall we try it?" Isabella pointed to a restaurant that looked good.

"Isabella, let's not. I know this restaurant; it has a minimum charge,"Olivia said.

If Olivia knew about the restaurant, it must be good. Isabella decided to eat there.


Before marrying Michael, she had to cover Ella's medical expenses and wasn't very well-off. Her salary would run out before the end of the month.and she relied on Olivia's help for the remaining days.

After getting married, Michael took care of Ella's medical expenses,paying a year's worth in one go. He also covered their daily expenses,so Isabella's salary was saved.

Although Ella's medical expenses for the next year were still uncertain,Isabella could afford to treat Olivia to a nice meal for now.

"Olivia, it's okay. I have money now." Isabella pulled Olivia towards the restaurant.

Thinking of Michael, a child of a wealthy family, Olivia felt it wasn't too much for Isabella to treat her to a nice meal occasionally.

"Alright, I haven't had a fancy meal in a long time. Let's have a romantic dinner tonight," Olivia agreed.

Isabella thought she should have checked her horoscope before going out today.

At the restaurant entrance, they ran into Autumn again.

This time, Autumn was with a woman in her forties, aIso heading towards the restaurant.

"Didn't they say this place was expensive? How come anyone can come here?" Autumn said sarcastically.


She had changed into a white satin mermaid dress adorned with various jewels, almost blatantly flaunting her wealth, looking like a walking jewelry display.


"What do you mean? Do you think we can't afford to eat here?" Olivia angrily questioned.


Autumn didn't hide her disdain and arrogantly said, "That's exactly what I mean. Did you see the sign at the entrance? The minimum charge here is $888.Are you sure you can afford it?"

"It's none of your business," Isabella said calmly.

"Poor people!" Autumn said dismissively.

She rolled her eyes at them and was about to say more when the middle-aged woman beside her pulled her hand and said, "Let's go in. Ms.

Johnson is already waiting. This date is important."

"A date? With her arrogance, it's a wonder anyone would like her," Olivia muttered, "I hope her date fails!"
 
###Chapter 34 The Man on the Blind Date is M chael

"Hey Olivia, how about we try a different restaurant?" Isabella suggested.

"Why? No way, we're staying here,"Olivia shot back, still a bit worked up.

"Olivia. I don't want you getting upset over people who don't matter,"Isabella said, trying to calm her down.

"Why would I be? They should be the ones upset for running into me.
Didn't you see Ms. Foster? Her eyes were practically rolling to the back of her head."

Seeing Olivia wasn't too bothered, Isabella dropped the idea of changing restaurants.

They went in, found a seat, and ordered.

They didn't see where Autumn went. Olivia found out from the waiter that the second floor was VIP-only, with a minimum spend and a membership requirement, along with reservations. Looked like Autumn had gone upstairs.

Olívia didn't care much about Autumn's date; it wasn't her business.Enjoying the food was more important.

They dug into their meal, chatting and commenting on the unique flavors.

Suddenly,Isabella spotted a familiar face-it was Michael's assistant, Aaron,holding an envelope and hurrying upstairs.


Since Michael and Aaron were usually inseparable, Isabella wondered if Michael was around.


"Isabella, what are you thinking about? You zoned out while I was talking."

Olivia asked,concerned.

"Oh, nothing. Just got lost in thought," Isabella replied.

"Thinking about Michael, huh?" Olivia teased, taking a bite of dessert."No wonder everything tastes off-love must be in the air!"

Isabella felt uneasy for some reason. She forced a smile to hide her feelings."Eat up. Even the food won't shut you up."
Olivia forked a piece of red wine beef into her mouth, smiled at Isabella,and mumbled, "Alright, I'll zip it."

Isabella's phone rang.

She felt a surge of joy, thinking it was Michael.

She quickly grabbed it from her bag, but it wasn't Michael-it was Robert.

Isabella's smile faded.

Robert asked when she'd be back.

She whispered to Olivia, deciding to head back early.

Robert told them to wait at the restaurant; he'd come to pick them up.

A server cleared their dishes and brought them each a glass of lemon water.


Olivia said, "This $888 meal is something else! Compared to other places,the same dish tastes completely different. Totally changed my view on food."


While Olivia was giving her review, Isabella zoned out again.

Her eyes kept darting to the stairs leading down from the second floor.

Aaron hadn't come down since he went up. She wondered if Michael was up there.

Suddenly,someone came down.

Isabella had a clear view from her seat. It was Michael.

Beside him was a woman, but Michael blocked her face. She had a tall figure and elegant demeanor, likely a beauty, and was holding Michael's arm intimately.

Michael was carrying a woman's bag,probably hers.

The previously arrogant Autumn was trailing behind Michael.She was flushed,clearly from crying.

Autumn was anxiously saying something, seemingly explaining. But Michael and the woman ignored her and walked straight out.

Aaron followed at the end, keeping things in check and shooing away the curious onlookers.

Isabella felt like she was watching a movie. The drama unfolding in front of her seemed distant, yet she felt a sharp pain in her chest.

Olivia noticed something was off and quickly turned to see Michael leaving with the woman.


After they left, Olivía cautiously asked, "Isabella,you okay?"

Isabella snapped back to reality, her face pale. She nodded stiffly and murmured, "Yeah, I'm fine. Totally fine."

"Isabella, don't let it get to you. Michael's not worth it," Olivia said,trying to comfort her. "Maybe there's more to it. Michael doesn't seem like that kind of guy."

Isabella forced a bitter smile, thinking. 'He's already out on a date. Looks like Michael won't be my husband for much longer.
Just then, Isabella's phone rang again. It was Robert.

Isabella stood up, pulling Olivia along."Let's go. Robert's here."

In the car, Isabella stayed silent, watching the scenery blur by, her mind a mess.
Olivia didn't know how to comfort her, so she just held her hand tightly.

Robert thought they were tired from their outing and didn't say much.

After dropping Olivia off at her dorm, he took Isabella home.

Olivia wanted to take Isabella back to the dorm, but Isabella said,"I need to face this sooner or later. Better to get it over with."

Back at the house she hadn't lived in for long, Isabella felt utterly drained,more exhausted than ever.


Ava greeted her, "Mrs. Johnson, you're back? Want some supper?"

Isabella remembered telling Ava not to call her Mrs. Johnson.

Maybe Ava never saw her as the true lady of the house.

Isabella waved her off and said quietly, "No, just run me a bath."

Ava had already prepared the bath. She brought towels, essential oils,and incense, and led Isabella to the bathroom.


After setting everything up, Ava quietly left.

Isabella lay in the bathtub, the warm water enveloping her.

The air was filled with the scent of sweet orange essential oil and incense,

like she was in a sunlit orchard.

Isabella told herself, 'Instead of venting, I should solve the problem. The future is still bright. I shouldn't dwell on this but keep my dignity for both Michael and myself.

Having made up her mind, Isabella allowed herself a moment of sadness.

She lay in the tub, closed her eyes,held her breath, and submerged herself in the water, quietly recalling the brief time she spent with Michael.

The more beautiful the memory, the more painful it was. The longer the recollection, the more suffocating it felt.

Isabella finally understood the saying that memories could be overwhelmingly painful.

After getting out of the tub, she went to the closet and picked out a beautiful outfit. She sat at the vanity and put on some lovely makeup.

Isabella forced a smile, telling herself that no matter what, life should be beautiful. But she didn't realize that her reflection in the mirror looked more like crying than smiling.
 
###Chapter 35 For Now, I Like Men

Blind dates were no big deal for Michael; he never took them seriously. So,when Qiana set one up for him, he just went with the flow.

He wasn't worried about being hassled by a blind date because he had Aaron, his super-efficient assistant, to handle everything.

This time. Qiana had rushed back from abroad just to set up this blind date for him. He didn't think much of it and just showed up. His only regret was leaving Isabella in the mountains; he had abandoned her on their first outing together.

For Michael, the outcome of the blind date was expected.

Gril fell for him right away, and Aaron came through with some timely dirt-photos of gril with her ex-boyfriends.

Qiana, feeling angry, took the initiative to help him reject the girl.

This method of sabotaging blind dates had become quite refined for Michael and had proven effective time and again.

In the car, Qiana helplessly asked him, "Is it true that no matter who you go on a blind date with, you always find some dirt on them?"

Michael grinned and said, "Blind date failures aren't about dirt. If I don't like someone, even if they're squeaky clean, I still can't accept them."

Qiana, fuming, punched hím in the stomach and snapped, "Do you like Eric that much? Not into women but into men? Do you want to give Grandpa a heart attack? Just thinking about it makes me want to strangle you."

Michael stared in shock, pointing at himself, and asked, "What? I like Eric?A guy?"

He had no idea where Qiana got this from, but she seemed convinced.

Qiana stared coldly at Michael, trying to find some crack in his expression."DonI't think I don't know. You went on vacation with Eric, stayed in the same room, and slept in the same bed. If this gets out,you would dishonor the whole family."

Thinking about Jeremy's weird comments and sneaky behavior, and Qiana coming back a week early. Michael put it all together and couldn't help but laugh angrily.

'Jeremy, you're quite the storyteller. Maybe I should buy you a film company to put your talents to use. How should I handle this?' Michael thought. 'Since they think I like Eric, I might as well pretend to like him!

Thinking of this, Michael adopted a nonchalant attitude and said to Qiana,"Qiana, what are you planning to do? Deal with Eric like you did with Stella? He doesn't need money. Victor only has him as a son, and his future inheritance is bigger than mine. Throwing money at him won't even make him blink."


"Are you serious? Do you really like him?" Qiana was shocked.

Even though Jeremy had told her about this, she never took it seriously,thinking Michael was just acting out.

Michael said, "You chose to believe Jeremy, so why doubt? You only know he's loyal to you. No matter what I say, you won't believe me."

Hearing this, Qiana took a deep breath, trying to calm down. "Michael, I didn't believe what Jeremy said."


"Then why did you rush back?" Michael was pissed, wanting to punch Jeremy.

"I was worried you were messing around. I thought you still couldn't let

her go and were trying to force Grandpa and me to compromise by doing this." Qiana said, her heart aching.

"Qiana, I've told you a million times. I've moved on. Why don't you believe me?" Michael was furious. He couldn't understand why they were still so stubborn after he explained it over and over!

Qiana sneered, "See, you get all worked up the moment she's mentioned."

Michael was at a loss for words. "What do you want me to do?"

Qiana glared at him. "How can I believe you? After that incident, you didn't date anyone for over two years, not even a girl around you. Then, half a year ago, you suddenly brought back Stella,saying she was the one. Now Stella cheated, and you found Eric, even slept together. Look at what you've done. Is this what a normal person would do?"

"I'm done explaining. No matter what I say, you won't believe me. Just tell me,if I insist on being with Eric, what will you do?" Michael asked.

"I'll talk to Eric and Victor," Qiana replied.

"Qiana, even without Eric, there will be others. There are plenty of men.As long as it's a man, it's not necessarily him." Michae1 paused,then continued, "Will you hunt them down one by one?"

Qiana took a deep breath, stayed silent for a bit, then said, "I heard Stella cheated with a guy who's inferior to you in every way and has already broken up. Now that I think about it, except for her profession, which our family can't accept, everything else is fine. She has a good personality,looks good, and at least she is a girl. This time, Grandpa and I won't oppose it. Go back and find her! As long as you're not with Eric, it's fine."

Michael sneered, "Without comparison, you don't know what's good or bad.
Qiana, I want to know, what is mny marriage in your eyes?"

"Michael, Grandipa and I just want you to be happy," Qiana said.

"But Qiana, do you think I'm happy?" Michael shot back.

Qiana was silent.

Michael said, "Qiana, stay out of my business. My lover won't be Eric.After a while, when I'm over it, I'll break up with him. Then, I'll bring someone else for you to meet."

With that,Michael shouted for the driver to stop. He got out of the car and walked away without looking back.

Qiana was so angry she stood there, her vision darkening,her legs trembling. It tooka while for her to recover.

She picked up her phone and called Jeremy.

As soon as Jeremy answered, he heard Qiana's tearful voice. "Jeremy, what should I do?"


Hearing Qiana cry, Jeremy felt heartbroken. He grabbed his car keys and rushed out while talking on the phone.

Qiana continued, "Jeremy, Michael admitted to me that he likes Eric.What should I do?"


While driving, Jeremy said soothingly, "Qiana, don't worry. I'll go talk to him. If we push too hard, his rebelious nature will make it harder to handle."


Qiana said, "Okay, Jeremy, arrange for me to meet Eric."

Jeremy replied, "Alright, I'll set it up. Tomorrow, Vaughn is going to the branch office. Do you want to go with him?"

"I'll listen to you," Qiana said softly.

Jeremy hung up the phone, unable to hold back his frustration at Michael.
What was Michael thinking? How could he make Qiana so upset? It was just too much.

 
###Chapter 36 Let's Get a Divorce

As soon as Michael got home, he spotted Isabella chilling in the garden.

Under the flowering tree, with the lamp casting a soft glow, Isabella looked stunning. Her long dress was swaying in the evening breeze, making Michael's heart skip a beat.

"You're back?" Isabella greeted him casually. "I need to talk to you.Wanna shower and change first or...?"

Michael could tell something was different about Isabella tonight. She had makeup on and looked extra charming.

"Sure, I'll shower first," Michael said. "Come here and give me a hug."

He reached out, trying to wrap his arms around her waist.

Isabella subtly dodged and urged, "Go ahead, I'll wait for you here."

Michael felt something was off. 'Lately, she's been fine with me hugging her. What's different this time? Maybe she thinks I'm dirty because I haven't showered!


He quickly took a shower. Initialy, he put on some comfy loungewear, but thinking about how dressed up Isabella was, he changed into a suit to match her vibe and headed back to the garden.

Isabella was sitting in a wicker chair,lost in thought.

Michael walked over, sat down opposite her, took her hand, and asked,"What's in your mind? You look quite serious,"

Isabella snapped out of her daze, looked up at him, and said seriously,"Mr. Johnson, thanks a lot for your help. I never got the chance to repay you,and I don't know how to. Now, I... I don't want to trouble you anymore, so I'm stepping back."

She pulled out a piece of paper from the file bag on the table and continued, "This is the divorce agreement I drafted. Take a look, and if there are no issues, we can...we can get divorced tomorrow."

Isabella thought she was prepared, but saying those words made her heart ache terribly, and she almost could㎡'t continue.

Michael was shocked by Isabella's wvords!

"Isabella, are you serious?" Michael asked.

Isabella nodded.

"Can you tell me why?" Michael asked, feeling weary.

He felt like he was going crazy with these two women he loved the most.One was setting him up on blind dates, and the other was suddenly asking for a divorce.

Isabella replied, "Mr. Johnson, I think we both know the reasons deep down. Let's keep some dignity for each other."

"Know the reasons deep down? Tell me, what should I know?" Michael was angry that Isabella never had confidence in their marriage.

She had been with Olivia all day today. Michael wondered if Olivia had said something to her.

After finding out Olivia's number with Aaron's help, he called her. "Hello,this is Michael."


Olivia said, "Michael, you jerk, are you here to get scolded? Isabella likes you so much, but look at the bad things you've done."

Michael asked, "What are you talking about? You said Isabella likes me?"

Olivia retorted, "I said you're a jerk and don't deserve Isabella's love!"

Michael hung up the phone and thought, 'Olivia said Isabella likes me. So why does Isabella want a divorce? I must be missing something.

Michael asked, "Robert, where did Isabella go today?"

Robert replied, "I picked Mrs. Johnson up from the mountains, went to Summit Serenity Sanctuary to visit Mrs. Taylor, then she and her colleague went shopping on the commercial street, and in the evening, I picked her up from a newly opened restaurant."

Michael understood. Isabella must have seen him on the blind date, so she brought up divorce.

He couldn't help but laugh and felt much more at ease.

Michael hurried back to the garden.


Isabella was still sitting in the wicker chair, lost in thought. Michael walked up behind her and hugged her.


Isabella snapped out of it and tried to push him away, but Michael held her tighter, making it impossible for her to move.

"Let go of me. Let's talk properly," Isabella said.

She thought to herself, 'Michael went on a blind date, and I've made my stance clear. Why is he still messing with me?

"I'll hold you like this while we talk," Michael cooed.

He picked Isabella up, sat down in the wicker chair, and placed her on his lap.

Isabella struggled, but Michael was too strong, and she couldn't break free.

"Move again and face the consequences," Michael warned, his hips thrusting upward. Isabella clearly felt the change in Michael's body and

stopped struggling.

Michael looked at Isabella's flushed face and couldn't help but kiss her."Isabella, you saw me on the blind date," he said with certainty.

Isabella nodded.

"And then?" Michael asked.

"You have someone you like, and IIl divorce you immediately. I won't cling to you," Isabella said, lowering her head to hide the emotions in her eyes.

Michael smiled bitterly. "Isabella, do you have no feelings for me at all?Won't you fight for me?"

Isabella shook her head. "Mr. Johnson, I have no right. I owe you. The best I can do is step back and let you be with the person you like."

Michael sighed. Despite the fact that he had said many times that he was serious about their marriage, Isabella still didn't believe him, just like Qiana,stubborn.


"Isabella, it's not like that," Michael explained. "Today's blind date was arranged by my sister Qiana, but I messed it up. Qiana even beat me up.Check it. It still hurts."


Michael felt wronged, holding Isabella's hand and guiding it to his abs.

"That was your sister Qiana?" Isabella remembered the beautiful woman holding Michael's arm.

"Yes," Michael nodded. "I didn't need a blind date, but she insisted on arranging it. To make her give up, I had to go and handle it myself.I went a bit overboard this time, so Qiana won't arrange any more blind dates for me."

Isabella was curious. "What did you do?"

Michael replied. "Actually, it's not entirely my fault. I asked Aaron to find some dirt on the blind date, and Aaron, being crude, found her sex photos with her ex-boyfriends. But Isabella, don't worry. I didn't look at them."

Isabella pinched his abs in anger.

Michael continued, "Isabella, in situations like today, you can come directly to the second floor to find me. You have that right to do so."

Isabella said, "I can't go to the second floor. Even being on the first floor with Olivia is a luxury for me. If I go to the second floor, we won't have money for food next month."

"Didn't I give you a card?" Michael reminded her. In his memory,Isabella had never used it since he gave it to her.

Isabella mumbled softly, "I have my own money."

Michael's eyes deepened, and he sighed helplessly.

Indeed,not everything could be solved with money. Things that couldn't be solved with money were even more troublesome.

Michael buried his face in her chest and said, "Isabella, let me introduce you to Qiana,okay?"

"What?" Isabella was surprised.

"Don't you want to meet my family?" Michael lifted his head, unhappily pinching her chin.

Isabella shook her head.

He had said before that he couldn't introduce her to his family yet. She thought he wanted to keep it a secret forever and didn't expect to meet

Michael's family so soon.

"I don't know," Isabella said apprehensively, "Will she dislike me? Will she look down on my background? Will she..."

"Qiana..." Thinking about how difficult Qiana could be, Michael sighed and said, "Let's just go with the flow."

After all, with Eric being the worst-case scenario, he wasn't afraid of Isabella being exposed to them.
 
###Chapter 37 The New Manager

Ever since Michael suggested she meet Qiana, Isabella's anxiety had been through the roof. She couldn't sleep,just tossing and turning in bed.

Michael was also wide awake because of her restlessness. He asked."Isabella, remember the deal I mentioned when I agreed to switch rooms with Olivia?"


Isabella knew exactly what he was hinting at, and her face turned bright red. She mumbled sheepishly, "Aren't you tired? We went through so much today."


"Thanks for worrying about me, Isabella." Michael said, pinning her down and kissing her. "But thinking about you keeps me wide awake."

As he spoke, he used his knees to part lsabella's tightly closed legs and his fingers explored the mysterious area between them. The slick,sticky sensation pleased Michael.Without any further action, he entered her directly.


Isabella winced in pain and instinctively ared to push him away.He thrust in again forcefully, pinning her firmly beneath him.

The discomfort below made Isabella frown.and Michael noticed her reaction. He kissed her on the forehead and said. "Be good, Isabella. It'll be better soon. Just wait for me..."


His kisses fell on her face like snowflakes, while the storm below sent both of them to the peak of desire.

Isabella didn't even know how she fell asleep. When she woke up the next morning,she had only twenty minutes leftbefore she had to clock in at work.

She didn't have time to put on makeup, so she quickly washed her face

and had Robert drive her to the office.

Olivia was waiting for Isabella at the elevator. Seeing her, Olivia asked anxiously, "Isabella, are you okay? What did he do to you? He didn't hurt you,did he?"


Olivia looked Isabella up and down and accidentally noticed a few suspicious red marks under her collar.

Seeing Olivia's worried expression. Isabella felt warm inside and quickly explained,"It's nothing. Yesterday was a misunderstanding. The person he was with was his sister. Qiana. He rejected Ms. Foster on the spot."

Olivia said, "At least he has some sense. Why doesn't he just tell his family that he's already married to you? Does he want to keep you hidden forever? That's not right."


Isabella replied.′′It2s not that. Our marriage was very sudden.and he might be worried that his family won't accepe is. Yesterday, he suggested I meet Qiana, but I chickened out."


Olivia said, "Yeah, I get it. For a man from his background, marriage can be a way to gain benefits for the family. His family will definitely interfere in his marriage. It's better not to meet them until your relationship is more stable."

Isabella nodded.

After last night's drama, Isabella was sure that Michael was serious about their relationship. He must have his reasons for not introducing her to his family yet.

Her own background was nothing impressive, and in his family's eyes,she probably wasn't considered a suitable wife for Michael. So she decided not to dwell on it and let Michael handle it over time.

Olivia said, "Knowing that yesterday was a misunderstanding puts my mind at ease. Since the new manager hasn't arrived yet, let's go put on some makeup. We need to make a good impression on the new manager."

"New manager? Isn't it Mr. Allen?" Isabella was shocked. She had always thought that with Philip stepping down, Eric would definitely be promoted.

"Didn't you check the group chat last night?" Olivia asked.

Isabella shook her head and said softly, "No."

Thinking about last night's events, she blushed.

Olivia told her, "The new manager's last nameis Johnson. The group chat was buzzing about it last night. Some said Mr. Allen didn't want the promotion, some said he offended the higher-ups and his path to promotion was blocked, and others said..."

"Instead of gossiping, why don't you focus on your design proposals and not embarrass me?" Eric said coldly as he walked past them.

The two exchanged glances, both thinking how unfortunate Eric was.He was certain to get the promotion, but in the end, someone else took his place.


"The new manager is here!" someone from another department shouted.Eric led their department to the lobby to greet him.

The new manager looked very young and had a very attractive female assistant by his side.


Isabella couldn't help but feel that the new manager bore some resemblance to Michael. Maybe they were both from the Johnson family, so it wasn't surprising they looked alike.

"Wowv, the new manager is so handsome!"

"Yeah,and so young."

"Look how tall he is!"

Many young women in the crowd were discussing.

Olivia looked at the new manager's face and murmured, "Why do I feel like I've seen him before? But it doesn't seem like it. Isabella, what do you think?"

Isabella replied, "All handsome guys look the same. Youa feel like you've seen him because you've seen too many handsome guys."

Olivia agreed with Isabella's explanation. She had indeed seen too many handsome guys, which made them all seem familiar.

Isabella breathed a sigh of relief. Fortunately, no one else noticed the resemblance,or she would have had a hard time explaining it.

The new manager took the department heads to the conference room for a meeting.


Olivia closed the office door and told everyone, "Do you know? The new manager's name is Vaughn. I heard from colleagues at the head office that he was a vice president there. He offended an important client during a negotiation and was blamed by the board. Even the old chairman couldn't help him. Coming here was arranged by the young chairman,who grew up with him and is very close to him. They probably wanted to keep him away from the head office to avoid further trouble."


With Olívia's lead, everyone in the office started discussing and sharing the information they had gathered.

"Yeah, I heard that too. He's the grandson of the old chairman's brother.After his parents passed away, he was taken in by the old chairman and grew up with the young chairman, almost like a biological grandson."

"We'd better not offend him. With one wrong move, we might not be able to stay in Silvercrest City."
"Someone like him wouldn't even notice small employees like us. But I'm worried about Mr. Allen. I hope he doesn't get targeted by the new manager."

"That can't be. The new manager is so handsome; he must be a good person."

"A pretty face doesn't mean a good personality, let alone a pretty face from a wealthy family. Who knows what he does in private? They can cover up anything with money," an older employee concluded.

Isabella thought the older employee was right. Michael always used money to solve problems, but fortunately, he had good characer.

Then, muffled voices announcing the end of the meeting,followed with screeches of chairs scraping against the floor came through the door of the conference room.

Olivia quietly opened the door and saw the managers coming out one by one.


When it was quiet again, Eric still hadn't come out.

Olivia's heart tightened with worry. She wondered if Eric had been beaten up for not accepting the situation.

Olivia hid behind the door, quietly observing.

After a while, Vaughn returned to his office, but Eric still hadn't come out.

Olivia was extremely worried and wondered if Eric was so badly beaten that he couldn't get up.
 
###Chapter 38 I Listen to Michael

In the conference room.

After the meeting wrapped up, Vaughn did as Qiana asked and sent everyone out, leaving just Eric behind.
He was curious about what Qiana and Eric would discuss, but one look from Qiana had him scurrying off to his new office.

"Eric, do you know why I asked you to stay?" Qiana asked,her tone gentle.

Qiana always treated the kids of the company's old employees like family,and since Eric was Michael's childhood buddy, she felt especially close to him.

Eric figured it was about a promotion. He never aimed to be the general manager; it was just office gossip, nothing serious. But if he brought it up,it would seem like he cared. So he played it cool and shook his head,saying. "No idea."

Qiana cut to the chase. "I know about you and Michael."

Eric raised an eyebrow, thinking, 'What's going on with Michael and me?She means that we are keeping each other's secrets? Does Qiana know about Isabella? No, if she did, she'd talk to Isabella. What's the big deal between Michael and me? Why would Qiana make a special trip to talk to me? How much does she know? Is she trying to get Michael's secrets from me? I can't betray Michael.'

Not sure how to respond, he just said politely, "Ms. Johnson, don't worry.Michael and I get along just fine."

Qiana was taken aback by his response, wondering if Eric was challenging her,banking on Michael's favor.

She took a deep breath,reminding herself now wasn't the time to lose her cool.

"Are you with him willingly, oris Michael forcing you?" Qiana asked.trying to get to the heart of the matter.
Eric thought, 'As a kid, I got along with Michael. He seemed harmless,but he could easily trick me. I'm notscared of him, but I don't want too much interaction with him. I definitely didn't choose to get involved with Michael. If it's not voluntary,it must be forced!'
Thinking this, he said, "He's Mr. Johnson, my boss. Even though he hasn't come back to the company yet, I have no choice but to follow his orders."

Qiana realized Michael was forcing Erc. She angrily slapped the table,stood up, and said furiously, "I knew it's him. That bastard Michael,wait till I get home and give him a piece of my mind."

Eric was puzzled, wondering what the big deal was and why Qiana was so mad.

Then he heard Qiana continue, "Since you were forced by him, it's easy to handle. I'll take care of it for you. Just break up with him, and I'll handle the rest."


Eric rubbed his ears, wondering if he misheard.

He wasn't easily shocked, but Qiana's words hit him like a ton of bricks,taking him a full minute to process.

Eric asked,"Ms. Johnson, you think Michael and I... that we have...an improper relationship?"

"Michael already admitted it," Qiana said. "So, I'm sure you two are involved. No need to cover forhim in front of me."

Eric cursed Michael a thousand times in his head, 'What's Michael up to?We're just keeping each other's secrets. Why did Michael say he's gay? No one would let others misunderstand them for no reason unless they had a plan. Michael's always kept Isabella under wraps, not letting the Johnson family know they're married, afraid they won't accept her. Now, Michael admits he's gay and tells Qiana he's with me. Could it be..?'

Like a lightbulb flicking on, Eric's mind suddenly cleared up.

Since Michael had set the stage and dragged him in, he might as well roll with it!

Plus, with Michael taking the heat, he just had to play his part well.

Having figured it out, he said to Qiana, "Sorry, Ms. Johnson, I always listen to him."


Qiana advised him, "You don't have to be afraid of him. I said I'd handle it for you. Also, think about your dad. He raised you alone. If he finds out that Michael is forcing you into a relationship with no offspring to be left for your family, it'll break his heart."

Eric said, "My dad is very traditional and definitely can't accept homosexuality. Also, he's stubborn and values family status. If it's Michael,he might not oppose it. After all, Michael comes from a noble background.Michael told mne he'd handle everything with my dad."

"So what will it take for you to break up with Michael?" Qiana was fuming.

Eric looked innocent, like he was scared by Qiana, and said pitifully,"Between us, Michael has the final say. If he says break up, I'll leave immediately, not staying a moment longer. After all, I can't handle the pressure on may own. Ms. Johnson, you should talk to him first. As long as he agrees to break up, I have no problem with it."

Eric couldn't help but secretly applaud himself for his act.

Qiana said, "Since you two are so persistent, let's have both families talk.Your dad doesn't know about this yet, right?"
She suddenly felt very tired, powerless. She didn't want to deal with these matters anymore.
Eric said, "I don't dare tell my dad. He'd beat me to death if he knew.Michael also said not to tell my dad for now, but I think keeping it a secret isn't a solution. Ms. Johnson, if you're willing, please help inform my dad."

Qiana originally wanted to use Victor to scare Eric. Unexpectedly, he hoped she would tell Victor about it.

Unknowingly,she was tricked by Eric.

Angry,Qiana turned and left, slamming the door loudly.

At this moment, Eric felt that pushing the responsibility onto someone else was really satisfying.

Hearing the noise, Vaughn came out of his office to see what was happening and was startled. Qiana was flushed with anger,looking like she wanted to kill someone. Vaughn wondered who could make the elegant and decisive Qiana so mad.


Vaughn asked, "Qiana,are you okay?"

Qiana replied, "I'm fine. I'm leaving."

With that, Qiana walked away without looking back, her high heels clicking.

Vaughn peeked into the conference room and saw Eric standing by the window, looking thoughtful.

Vaughn asked, "What did you say to Qiana? Why is she so angry?"

Erie replied, "Nothing, Mr. Johnson, I'll get back to work."

Eric walked straight out.

Vaughn stomped his foot in anger, thinking. 'I haven't even ordered Eric to leave yet. He doesn't respect me as the general manager at all!
 
###Chapter 39 The Awareness of Being Soneone Else's Boyfriend

Qiana was so mad at Eric that she stormed out and got totally lost in the branch office.

She kept wandering the halls, but couldn't find the elevator and even ended up in the restroom by mistake.

She thought, 'This place seriously needs a makeover. No emergency exit signs in such a big office, and it's so dark. The corridor lights are off, and we're just relying on some weak natural light. Is the branch cutting costs or what?'

Qiana roamed the halls like a headless chicken.

She considered calling Vaughn but remembered it was his first time here too, so she ditched that idea. No way was she going to ask Eric for help.She was determined to find the exit on her own.

Isabella came out of the restroom and washed her hands.

Seeing her tired reflection in the mirror, she put on somelipstick to perk herself up.

Suddenly, a stunning woman appeared in the mirror.

Isabella turned around, amazed, thinking, 'She must be the beauty who came with Vaughn. So pretty! She looks familiar, but definitely not from the company.'

"Excuse me, can you help me find the way out? I'm lost," Qiana asked,looking a bit embarrassed.


Isabella replied, "Sure. Our company is big on saving energy, so the indicator lights are off. That's on us."

Isabella's words kept the company's image intact and eased the awkwardness.

Qiana's impression of her improved a lot.

Isabella escorted her to the elevator and aIl the way to the company entrance.

"Thanks. What's your name? Which department are you in?" Qiana asked.

"My name's Isabella, fromn the Planning Department," Isabella replied.

"Nice name, and you're really pretty. I'll remember you," Qiana said approvingly.

She thought, 'She's so cute and soft, way better than Eric. Why doesn't Michael like girls?'

"Isabella!" A roar startled Qiana.

Outside the door, John, with bloodshot eyes and a ferocious look, was yelling inside.


He looked like a mad dog, ready to pounce on Isabella.

John shouted, "Isabella, you bitch! You set me up with that guy,made me cheat with his girlfriend, made me the bad guy. No wonder he gave me a million bucks so easily. He's really good. Let him come out. Didn't he pay to shut me up? Come on, more. If he doesn't pay, I'll spill everything he did in private."

Hearing this, Qiana thought that Isabella looked soft and weak, but she was definitely not simple!

Isabella was trembling with anger, unable to say a word.

Olivia heard and ran downstairs, shouting at John, "You cheating scumbag,

slandering Isabella again. Let me tell you, Isabella might be a pushover,but I'm not. Did you forget the headache from last time?"
"Right, last time I got hit, and got money too," John shamelessly laughed,pointing at his head. "Come on, hit here. Let's see how much he gives me this time."


Olivia impulsively grabbed a stick from the security guard and was about to rush up.

Seeing this, Isabella quickly hugged her, afraid Olivia might get hurt by John in a fit of anger.

"Isabella, are you just going to let him slander you?" Olivia was anxious.

Isabella replied, "I didn't do súch a thing. Let him say what he wants!I don't want to get involved with such a bad person."

Qiana heard Isabella say this and thought Isabella was great, determined,and capable of big things.

"I'll call the police! He's causing a scene here. It's bad for the company,"Isabella said, picking up her phone.

John sneered, "Isabella, even if you call the cops, they can't touch me. That guy has to compensate me for my losses. He hired a model to pretend to be his girlfriend and seduce me. What if she's sick? He owes me for my mental and physical suffering."


Eric had been listening to the commotion outside the building for a while but didn't want to get involved, thinking Vaughn should handle it. He was watching from the sidelines.


The more he listened, the more he realized something was of. He thought,'Isn't this targeting Michael? John, you idiot! If you keep running your mouth, you won't know what hit you in Silvercrest City.

Eric quickly stepped out.

"Are you all brainless? Why haven't you gotten rid of this scoundrel? Or do you not want your security jobs anymore?" Eric ignored John and directly scolded the security guards. The guards swarmed and subdued John. Eric continued, "Olivia, take Isabella back. Isabella, don't be sad. Not marrying a scumbag like John is your luck. Don't worry about these messy things. And the rest can get back to work."

Qiana looked at Eric appreciatively, thinking he was good at identifying key issues and handling them calmly but efectively. If he weren't in a relationship with Michael, he could be cultivated as Michael's subordinate.

Isabella walked up to Qiana and apologized, "Sorry for making you listen to my personal drama. I'll leave you here. Goodbye."

Qiana nodded, pulled her hand, and comforted, "Isabella, don't be sad. It's not worth it for a bad man."

Qiana thought Isabella was really nice, if it weren't for these troublesome matters.


Isabella nodded and turned to leave.

Olivia quickly followed. She looked back at Eric, saw him walking out,and quickly asked, "Mr. Allen, where are you going?"

"I'm going to deal with that bastard," Eric said.

Olivia muttered, "Since when did Mr. Allen become so nosy? Isabella, if he hadn't told me himself that he doesn't have a crush on you, what he did today would be the best evidence of a crush."

Eric personally called the police to have John taken away.

"Who are you? Another man of Isabella?" John, locked in the guardroom,

was stil not behaving. "Let me tell you, the police can't do anything to me,at most ask a few questions and let me go. I'm looking for my girlfriend,and no one can stop me."

Eric calmly took out his phone and played a video of John demanding money. "Can they lock you up for extortion?"

John instantly shut up.

"Tell me, why are you causing trouble?" Eric looked down at John as if looking at a pitiful stray dog.

John, as if under some spell, tremblingly revealed his plan.


It turned out that after Isabella had hit him, he took the money Michael gave him, intending to use it as capital forsomething. But easy money was easily spent. His friends asked him to invest in a business. The money was spent, but the business failed, and the friends disappeared, leaving him with a pile of debt. As his luck worsened, he finally got smarter and realized things weren't that simple. He secretly followed Stella and deduced from her words that she never liked him. She took the money, did the job,and left. No wonder Stella broke up with him so quickly.

Eric warned him that he was lucky to meet him this time. If it were Michael, his life would be in danger.

"You... you guys... dare to kill?" John asked, trembling.

Eric gave a wicked smile, pushed his gold-rimmed glasses. "We don't kill,but wipe out a man in silence."


John dropped to the ground, leaving a streak of yellowish liquid in his path.


Eric got what he wanted, had someone gag him with a rag, and drove to the headquarters without waiting for the police.
 
###Chapter 40 As a Boyfriend

Eric rolled up to the Johnson Group HQ, tossed his keys to the security guard like he owned the place, and told him to park the car. He then strutted right into the building.
The receptionist hustled to catch up with him. "Sir, excuse me,who are you here to see?"

"Michael," Eric said, not even breaking his stride.

"Sir, you need an appointment to see Mr. Johnson," she called after him,practically jogging to keep up.

Eric just ignored her and headed straight for the elevator.

"You can't use that! It's for the president only..." she tried to say, but the doors had already closed.

Michael got a call and simply said, "Let him in." He thought to himself,Even if I told you to stop hi, you couldn't. It'd just be awkward for me.'

Eric barged into Michael's office,leaving the door wide open. He plopped down on the sofa and grabbed an apple fromthe coffee table, taking a big bite.


Michael, buried in work, was annoyed by the crunching. "Do you think this behavior is appropriate for a subordinate?"

Eric chewed slowly, swallowed, and then said, "As a subordinate, no. But I'm not just your subordinate; I'm also your..."

He paused for effect."Boyfriend."

Michael looked up, unfazed. "Oh? Qiana talked to you. Did she give you money?"

"Next time, can you at least give me a heads-up?" Eric stood up, leaned over Michael's desk, and whispered angrily, "Don't leave me hanging like that."

Michael shrugged. "Didn't you handle it fine? I didn't think it was necessary."

Noticing Jeremy peeking from the doorway, Michael grabbed Eric's hand and raised his voice. "I think we realy click."

Eric played along. "No, I don't want a relationship without communication.Couples should call and see each other more. If you won't come to the branch, I'll come here, or you can transfer me to work with you."

He leaned in closer and whispered, "Mr. Johnson, you owe me big time for Isabella today."


From Jeremy's angle, it looked like they were about to kiss. He quickly covered his eyes. Then he bolted to Qiana's office, holding his head.

Once Jeremy was gone, Michael let go of Eric's hand and grabbed a wet wipe,meticulously cleaning each finger. Eric did the same but with less care.


"You said I owe you for Isabella. What's that about?" Michael asked.

"John came to the company to mess with Isabella. I handled it," Eric said casually.


"What?" Michael shot up from his chair. "He dared to mess with Isabella?"

Seeing Michael so worked up, Eric quickly shut the door. "I took care of it.But if he tries again, you'll need to step in."

Knowing Isabella was safe, Michael relaxed and looked at Eric. "Thanks,man. I owe you one. How do you want me to repay you?"

"Let's save that for later," Eric said, lounging back on the sofa,"First,let's talk about us."
Michael sighed and leaned back in his chair."It's Jeremy. He had someone watch me and saw us together. He thought we were dating and told Qiana.She thinks I'm dating guys just to spite them."
"Why didn't you clear things up?" Eric asked. "Is Isabella not good enough for you?"
"She's the best," Michael said firmly, then gave a bitter smile. "But you know why I didn't explain."
"We're a lot alike," Eric sighed.

"Let's make things worse together," Michael suggested. "When they suffer,they'll appreciate the good times more."

Eric raised an eyebrow. "Is this all your plan?"

"It just happened this way. Planning it would make it too forced," Michael laughed. "I'm not that devious."

"Are you so sure I'Il go along with this?" Eric asked with a smirk.

Michael shot back, "You won't? It's a win-win. If you didn't see that, you wouldn't be here."


"If we're doing this, let's make it real," Eric said, extending his hand. "Let's go eat. It's peak time in the cafeteria."

Michael shivered, got goosebumps, but still took Eric's hand.

They walked around the company hand in hand and finallymade their way to the cafeteria.

Word quickly got to Victor that Eric had come to see Michael.

Victor was pleased. Eric, who had never been very ambitious, was finally showing some initiative. He was even building a good relationship with Michael.
Victor secretly went to the cafeteria. Seeing the two being close,he felt proud. Eric was finally learning how to play the game.

Hearing the news from Jeremy, Qiana rushed back to the company and saw Victor grinning like a Cheshire cat, watching the pair in the cafeteria.

"Mr. Allen, you seem very pleased with their relationship," Qiana said.

"Of course. Mr. Johnson is excellent. Eric wvill benefit a lot from this,"Victor smiled slyly.

"Eric is dating Michael," Qiana said bluntly, unable to stand Victor's smugness.

Victor frowned. "Ms. Johnson, I know we don't see eye to eye, but you can't ruin Eric and Mr. Johnson's relationship."

Qiana sneered and waved her hand. Jeremy went to fetch the two from the cafeteria.

"Don't you two have something to say to Mr. Allen?" Qiana asked, arms crossed, looking at Victor.

"Mr. Allen, Eric and I are dating," Michael said confidently,hugging Eric."So you can't make things difficult for him."

"Eric, is he forcing you?" Victor asked, pointing at Michael in disbelief.

Eric looked down, feigning shyness. "Dad, we're really in love."

Victor's fingers trembled with anger as he pointed at them. "You..."

Before he could finish, Victor collapsed.
 
###Chapter 41 The Big News at the Company

"Mr. Allen!" The cafeteria was in chaos.

Michael pointed at Victor ling on the ground and asked Eric, "Are you sure we should continue?"

Eric calmly replied, "Don't worry. It's fine. Whenever he encounters something he can't handle, he pretends to faint. He's always been like this."

The ambulance arrived, and the paramedics lifted Victor onto the stretcher.Eric, looking aggrieved, said, "Michael, I'll go to the hospital to check on him. Even though I know he's pretending, as his son, I can't let people think I don't care about my family."

Michael patted his shoulder and gently said, "Goahead! Mr. Allen is old;just listen to whatever he says. If you feel wronged, come to me.Don't bear it alone,okay?"

Jeremy watched from the side, getting goosebumps.

Qiana grabbed Michael by the ear and dragged him to the office.

"Qiana, don't I have any dignity?" Michael rubbed his reddened ear,pretending to look pitifully at Qiana.

Qiana angrily pointed at him and said, "Do you still care about dignity?You've embarrassed the Johnson family. This almost cost a life, and you still won't break up?"


"Qiana, don't worry. Eric said Mr. Allen pretends to faint when he encounters something he can't handle. There's no life-threatening danger."Michael smiled and said, "Besides, we won't break up. Eric and I have a great relationship; you can't tear us apart."

After saying that, he took out his phone to call Jerry, saying he needed to

go out for a bit.

Qiana thought he was going to the hospital and angrily said, "What are you going to do? Haven't you done enough to upset Mr. Allen? Will you only be satisfied if someone dies?"
"Don't worry. I definitely won't go to the hospital. If Mr. Allen sees me and really dies from anger. I'll be responsible for his death,and there will be a rift between Eric and me. I can't bear that," Michael said.
"Then what are you going to do? Michael, can you give me a break?"Qiana rubbed her temples, speaking tiredly.
Michael said, "Qiana, you promised not to interfere with me for three years.There's only six months left, so the company will haveto rely on you a bit more. For these six months, I'm still free."
After saying that, he walked out of Qiana's office without looking back.


Aaron followed behind him and asked, "Mr. Johnson, where are we going?"

"The police station," Michael said coldly.

After lunch, Isabella and Olivia returned to the office.

Isabella was initially worried that everyone would discuss the drama at the company entrance and didn't know how to respond. Unexpectedly, as soon as they entered the office, Olivia screamed, drawing everyone's attention to her.

"Oh my God! There's hugenews from headquarters," Olivia said excitedly.

Olivia had several handsome friends with similar interests. They had a group where they shared information about the handsome men in the company. Some of them were at the company headquarters and could always share timely information about the handsome men there.

Colleagues quickly gathered around. "Tell us, what's the news?"

"Mr. Allen went to headquarters," Olivia said mysteriously.

"Is he dissatisfied with the company's arrangements and went to seek an explanation?" a colleague asked.
Olivia shook her head. "No, Mr. Allen doesn't care about a small branch manager position. What he cares about is the heir of the Johnson Group."
Isabella was surprised. "The heir? Mr. Allen wants to be the heir? Could he be the long-lost child of the Johnson family?"

Olivia patted Isabella's head and said, "Sweetie, clear those melodramatic plots from your mind. Mr. Allen's story is even more dramatic."
"Tell us."

"Olivia,hurry up."

"Oh Olivia, you're killing me with suspense."

Olivia said, "Mr. Allen is not an illegitimate child of the Johnson family.
When I say he cares about the heir of the Johnson Group, I mean it literally."


"Olivia, that's not something to joke about," a senior colleague advised.

"I'm not joking; it's all over headquarters." Olivia showed them her phone.displaying photos from her colleagues at headquarters, which showed two men holding hands. She explained, "Mr. Allen went to headquarters and walked around the company hand-in-hand with Mr. Johnson. They even had lunch together in the cafeteria. The group chat says Mr. Allen's father fainted out of anger, and they had to call an ambulance! Mr. Eric Allen's father is Mr. Victor Allen!"

"What a pity!" a colleague sighed, "Mr. Eric Allen is handsome, has a good

character, and comes from a good family. I was thinking of introducing my niece to him, but now i seems there's no hope."
Another colleague joked, "A nephew will do,too!"

The colleague with a niece shrugged and said wistfully, "I wouldn't dare take a man away from Mr. Johnson's hands. I still want to retire from the Johnson Group."
At some point, Olivia lost interest in sharing. She stood there dazed, as if she had suffered a major blow. "Isabella, pinch me and tell me this isn't real."

Isabella comforted her, "Olivia, don't be sad. There might be some misunderstanding, but after all, it's Mr. Eric Allen's private matter.We should respect his choice."

Olivia retorted, "Respect what? How can he like men?"

After saying that, Olivia ran out with red eyes.

Seeing Olivia's unusual behavior, Isabella feared she might do something foolish and chased after her.

When Isabella caught up with Olivia, she was already standing on the company's rooftop.

"Olivia,don't do anything rash." Isabella felt Olivia's reaction was too intense and worried she might do something foolish.

Olivia said. "I'm fine, just feeling stifled."

"Olivia, you don't like Mr. Allen, do you?" Isabella suddenly realized something and asked in horror.

Olivia froze and then said embarrassedly, "No, I don't. How could I like him? I would never like someone like him."

Isabella said, "Good. I've heard that sexual orientation can't be changed.We should just wish Mr. Allen and Mr.Johnson well!"
Olivia said, "They won't have a good ending. Our heir is the chairman's only grandson, which means he's the sole heir. The chairman would never let him like a man. He'll definitely find a way to break them up."
"That's really sad. They love each other but can't be together," Isabella said wistfully.
She had heard rumors about the heir of the Johnson Group, saying he was the most handsome man in Silvercrest City, the man all wealthy young ladies dreamed of marrying.

What a pity he didn't like women!

As Isabella and Olivia came down from the rooftop and were about to return, an intern ran over and said, "Olivia, Isabella, Mr. Johnson wants to see you in his office as soon as possible."
 
###Chapter 42 His Great Secret Crush

Isabella and Olivia first hit the restroom to splash some water on their faces and chill out a bit before heading to Vaughn's office together.
They knocked and walked in, asking Vaughn, "Mr. Johnson, you wanted to see us?"

Vaughn looked up from his computer, his eyes lighting up when he saw them.

He'd just been wandering around the company and hadn't realized there were such stunners here.

"Introduce yourselves," Vaughn said,standing up.

Isabella was about to speak when Vaughn cut her off, "Wait, let me guess first."

"You... are Isabella?" he pointed at her, and she nodded.

Then he turned to Olivia, "So,you must be Olivia."

Olivia rolled her eyes at Vaughn's childish game, but he pretended not to notice.


"This project is your baby, right?" Vaughn handed them a document.

They opened it and saw it was indeed their project plan.

Thinking something was wrong, Olivia asked, "Mr. Johnson, is there a problem?"


Vaughn replied, "No problem. I think this plan is solid. But why hasn't it moved forward?"


Olivia grumbled, "Philip said our plan wasn't perfect."

Just mentioning Philip made Olivia mad.

Philip had tried to use the plan to blackmail her for favors. She refused,and the plan got shelved indefiitely.

Vaughn slammed the table, furious, "How can such a great project be stalled? Philip needs to be dealt with. You two get ready. I want to push this project forward immediately."

"Got it, Mr. Johnson. We'll get on it right away," Isabella and Olivia nodded quickly and left his office.

"Olivia, we can finally lead our own project," Isabella said excitedly.

Olivia replied, "Yeah, Isabella. Forget men; making money and building our careers is what really matters. Let's go scope things out first."

They spent half the day outside and finally made some progress.

When they got back to the office, Eric had returned from the hospital.Hearing about their new project, he came over to check in.

Seeing him approach, Olivia snorted, didn't even look at him, and walked away with her water cup.

Eric, confused,pointed at Olivia's back and asked Isabella, "What's her deal?"


Isabella didn't know how to explain and answered vaguely, "Olivia might be a bit tired. Don't mind her. Let me fill you in on today's progress."

"No need. I trust you," Eric interrupted. "Keep following up tomorrow,and let me know if there are any issues."

"Okay, Mr. Allen. We'll do our best," Isabella replied.

"Oh, and I've already dealt with John, so you don't have to worry about

him bothering you anymore," Eric said absentmindedly, glancing towards the break room.

Isabella felt a bit awkward and quickly said, "Thanks, Mr. Allen. Sorry about that. I didn't mean to bother you with my personal matter."
Eric didn't say anything more and headed back to his office.

As soon as Eric left, Olivia stormed out of the break room, slamming her cup on the table.

Worried Olivia might provoke Eric, Isabella whispered, "Olivia, Mr. Allen may have his issues, but that's personal. It doesn't reflect his work ethic.You can't judge him for that. From a work perspective, Mr. Allen is still very good."

"I'm not judging him, I just... never mind. I don't want to talk about it,"Olivia pouted and looked down.

It was time to clock out. Olivia and Isabella walked out together.

As soon as they stepped out of the office building,they spotted a familiar car parked at the entrance.

It was Michael, there to pick up Isabella, and they left first.

Olivia trudged towards the dormitory, feeling down.

At the corner, a large hand grabbed her. She was about to scream when another hand covered her mouth.

Seeing it was Eric, Olivia slapped his hands away.

"Don't touch me. Gross!" Olivia shouted angrily.

Eric quickly let go.

When she thought Eric liked Isabella, Olivia was sad but not devastated.But knowing he was dating Michael, she felt like her world was crumbling.
At thought of this, tears streamed down her face. "I finally get why you turned down so many people in college. Turns out you're gay!"
Eric didn't expect such a cheerful person to cry, and cry so hard.He panicked!

"I'm not," Eric quickly defended.

"I saw it with my own eyes," Olivia said.

"Listen to me," Eric said, "I'm not gay. Mr. Johnson and I are pretending to be in a relationship. My dad wants to control everything in my life,including my marriage, and I don't want that. The only reason I'm doing this is to avod his matchmaking. Once that's done, we'll clear up the misunderstanding."

"So, you're pretending to be gay to rebel against your dad?" Olivia asked,shocked.

Eric nodded.

Olivia's mood seemed to lift. She couldn't help but tease Eric, "That's a huge sacrifice. You have no idea, all the women in our company are heartbroken."


"What about you? Are you heartbroken?" Eric cornered Olivia against the wall,his voice low.

Olivia's petite frame was enveloped by Eric, as if he was holding her. She blushed but pretended to be indifferent, saying stubbornly, "Of course not.I'm just really mad. We're such good friends, buat you kept this from me. It's not what friends would do."

"Can I be this close to you?" Eric lowered his head, pinching her chin.forcing her to look at him.


Olivia felt Eric's gaze was intense, a bit intimidating, making her heart race.

She lowered her eyelids, avoiding his intense gaze, saying. "Since it's an act,aren't you afraid I'll tell someone?"

Eric leaned down, whispering in her ear, "Anyone else can misunderstand,but not you. I believe you won't tell."

"Why?" Olivia blushed, her heart beating erratically.

Seeing he had scared her, Eric smiled slightly, took out a piece of chocolate from his pocket, unwrapped it, and put it in her mouth.

This was his habit in college. When faced with Olivia's curious questions that he couldn't answer, he would use something tasty to shut her up.

The memories instantly flooded Olivia's mind. According to their college rules, if she ate his treat, she wouldn't ask any more questions.


"I'm going back," Olivia mumbled with the big piece of chocolate in her mouth. Then she slipped out from under Eric's arm, waved,and smiled brightly at him. "Eric, good night!"


Eric shook his head helplessly, smiling indulgently. Olivia was still so easy to appease.


He had never told anyone that he and Olivia graduated from the same university, with him being four years her senior.


Their professor had assigned undergradulate Olivia to graduate student Eric. From then on, he guided her in her studies, took her into the student council, involved her in projects, and even brought her to his side after graduation.

Everyone knew Eric was aloof and unruly, while Olivia was enthusiastic and generous! But only he knew that he liked her, had always liked her.but didn't dare to tell her. He could only find ways to keep her by his side!

However, it seemed he could start taking action now.
 

###Chapter 43 Her Concern, His Reward

After work, Isabella spotted the familiar black business car at the company entrance. She reluctantly waved goodbye to Olivia and slowly got in.

As she approached, the rear door swung open, and Michael grinned mischievously. "What took you so long? Avoiding me?"

Isabella thought only Jerry was picking her up, so she was pleasantly surprised to see Michael. "I didn't know you were coming. How come you have time today?"

Michael pulled her into the car and sat her beside him.

"Isabella, you seem to like it when I pick you up," Michael said, ruffling her hair, making her meticulously styled hair look a bit more casual and her demeanor softer. "For the next while, I won't be busy. I can drop you off in the morning and pick you up in the evening."

"That's too much trouble. After all, you're not the one driving," Isabella said, thinking it was unnecessary for him to make the trip.

"Do you want me to drive? But if I drive, I can't do many other things,"Michael said softly.


"Aren't you nnot busy? What else do you have to do?" Isabella asked,puzzled. "Did you find a new job?"

"Work can wait. I'll spend the next six months with you first," Michael said, pulling Isabella onto his lap. "I mean, if I'm not driving, I can do things like this."

Isabella knew that when Michael was alone with her, therewas nothing but sex on his mind.


She didn't want to be overwhelmed by him in the car.

Suddenly,she thought of a topic.

"Do you know Mr. Allen from our company?" Isabella asked. "The one who shares a room with you."

Michael nodded. "I know him. I think he's a nice guy. What's wrong?"

"I regret letting you share a room with him," Isabella said. "Today, the company is buzzing with rumors that Mr. Allen is gay and dating the heir of the Johnson Group."

"Oh?" Michael smiled meaningfully. "Afraid I'll turn gay too? Don't worry.
With you around, I won't."

Isabella shook her head. "I trust you. I just think it's a pity."

Michael's eyes were inscrutable as he asked, "What's a pity?"

"Although he seems a bit aloof, Mr. Allen is actually quite easy to get along with. When the company found out he had a boyfriend,many girls were heartbroken. Even Olivia was so upset she almost cried."

"Olivia is upset, but why are you?" Michael pinched her nose.

"It's a pity there's one less outstanding unmarried young man!" Isabella laughed. "You don't know that married women love to play matchmaker?"


Michael was helpless.

"Do you know our chairman's grandson?" Isabella remembered the other main character in the story.


"Yes." Michael replied.

"Is he handsome?" Isabella asked curiously.

Michael touched his cheek and said, "He's okay, about the same as me."

Isabella said, "I heard the chairman only has this one grandson. If he finds out, he'll be very disappointed!"

Michael was indifferent. "The Johnson family has plenty of kids. They don't lack heirs."


Isabella was shocked by his words and asked seriously, "Are you eyeing the heir's position?"

Michael was speechless. "So what?"

"I hope you're not. The affairs of wealthy families are very complicated.Many people are eyeing the heir's position. To fight for power and status,all kinds of tactics emerge, and you might even lose your life," Isabella said in one breath. "I think we should just live our own lives. I don't want you to be in danger."


Michael listened to her long speech and couldn't help but laugh. "Isabella,you've really grown up, worrying about me now."


Isabella raised her head and said, "If I don't care about you, who will? We're married!"


Her eyes were bright, like a puppy's big, watery eyes.

Michael couldn't help but hold her tightly, kissing her gently,murmuring."I never thought I was so important to you, Isabella."


In Michael's world, he was important to Wesley and Qiana because he was the sole heir to the Johnson Group. This identity was both a blessing and a curse. They cared about his growth and education but never considered his feelings. Even when he was kidnapped at ten, it turned out to be a test.


Only Isabella had said, "Let's live our own lives. I don't want you to be in danger."

He was deeply touched.

Isabella cared so much about him, and he wanted to repay her well.

As soon as the car stopped, he couldn't wait to pull her back to the villa.

Closing the bedroom door, Michael placed her on the bed, kissed her lips.and as she gasped for breath, his tongue explored her mouth passionately.

Isabella responded eagerly, her soft little tongue entwining with his.


He guided her small hand to grasp his erection, while his other hand kneaded her full breasts, gently squeezing, causing her to moan softly.

Michael's hand gradually moved down, his fingertips sliding over her flat stomach, towards the gap between her legs, squeezing between her tightly closed thighs, kneading lightly and then heavily. When she was aroused,his fingers slid deeper to explore. Her tightly closed legs involuntarily opened,wrapping around his waist, her body writhing, her warm wetness rubbing against his abdomen.

His erect member was already swollen to the limit, and he thrust into the gap between her legs with a low growl, moving vigorously.


Isabella was overwhelmed, her eyes closed, hands gripping his shoulders tightly, nails digging into his firm muscles, her mouth moaning softly with his movements.


Michael felt he was on the verge of climax. After one last thrust,he released inside her.


Isabella felt líke a drought-stricken plant suddenly receiving water,clinging to Michael, kissing his lips, arms and legs wrapped around him,her body tightening as if to absorb him completely.

After the intense pleasure, Michael lay his head on Isabella's chest, torso

resting on a soft pillow, listening to her pounding heartbeat, his hand gently rubbing between her legs, asking with concern, "Isabella, does it still hurt?"


Isabella felt a tingling sensation from his rubbing, unable to help but moan softly, her body writhing gently, hands holding his head,fingers running through his hair.


Michael felt the stir in his groin again. He turned over,lifting her onto him.pressing her waist down, perfectly fitting together.

Michael thrust his hips upward, entering her deeply.

As the night deepened, Isabella panted, crying softly, pleading with Michael. Michael kissed away her tears, soothing her slightly, then continued to hold her waist, continuing to make love.

Amidst Isabella's moans, Michael whispered in her ear, "Isabella, I'm so happy you care about me!"
 
###Chapter 44 Working Silently Behind the Scenes

Isabella overslept again.

When she finally woke up, the sun was already streaming through the window. Michael was fully dressed, sitting by the window with a stack of papers.


The sunlight madehim look almost angelic.

Catching Isabella's stare, Michael put down the papers and walked over. "Isabella, are you staring at me because you think I'm hot, or do you want a repeat of last night..."

Isabella couldn't handle his teasing. She grabbed a pillow and tossed it at him, her voice raspy, "I need to get up."

"You barely slept. I'lI call Eric and get you a day off. You should rest and skip work today," Michael said gently, noticing her yawning.

"No way. The new manager is personally overseeing the project Olivia and I are on. There's too much to do, and I can't leave it all to Olivia." Isabella closed her eyes. "Besides, Mr. Vaughn Johnson has high expectations for our project. We can't let him down."


Michael suddenly regretted sending Vaughn to the branch office.He sneered, "Don't worry about him. He's a disappointment on his own."


Isabella thought Michael was just bitter because Vaughn had messed up but still worked at the Johnson Group. She didn't say much, just sat up,hugged the blanket, and sweetly said, "I need to get up. Can you grab me some loungewear?"

Michael quickly fetched it from the closet.

Isabella threw on her clothes, took a deep breath like she was making a big decision, and headed to the bathroom.

Feeling bad for her, Michael called Jeremy, "Jeremy, push the start time back by half an hour."

Jeremy replied, "That's not really appropriate. Even though I set the rules,they were approved by the board..."

"If you have the guts, come back and change them yourself." Jeremy's voice was suddenly cut off, and Qiana's voice came through the phone.

Michael couldn't help but be curious. "Why are you two together? Qiana,are you finally with Jeremy?"


Qiana laughed, annoyed. "Cóme on, look at the time! You're always thinking about romance."

With that, Qiana hung up on him.

Michael checked the time and secretly set Isabella's phone an hour behind.

When Isabella came out of the bathroom, fully dressed,she said to Michael,"The driver will take me to work. You should get some more sleep."

Michael teased, "Are you feeling sorry for me because I didn't sleep much last night?"

Isabella turned her head away, ignoring him.

Michael continued, "We still have time. Let's go down and have breakfast first. I'll take you after we eat."

Isabella checked her phone and saw they indeed had time. Although she felt something was off, she didn't think much of it and had a leisurely breakfast with Michael.

While Isabella wasn't paying attention, Michael sent a message to Eric.

When the car arrived at the company entrance, Isabella checked the time and saw she still had fifteen minutes, feeling relieved.

Michael held her close for a long, tender goodbye kiss that didn't stop until her lips turned a bit invitingly swollen. Then, she flicked a sheepish glance at him and broke free fromn him.


As Isabella got out of the car and turned around, she spotted John at the company entrance.


Behind him, a screen was looping an apology video where he admitted to cheating first,falsely accusing Isabella of cheating, and blackmailing her.This drew a crowd of onlookers.

The bystanders buzzed with conversation.

"What a jerk."

"His ex-girlfriend is really pitiful, cheated on and slandered."

"Thank goodness she didn't marry him."

Isabella stood at a distance, feeling extremely embarrassed. She wanted to go up and drive John away but didn't want to attract more attention.

Michael didn't let Jerry drive off but waited for Isabella to turn back and ask for his help.

Suddenly, a woman rushed out of the building, wielding a broom and shouting,"Get out of here! Stop embarrassing Isabella. If you really want to apologize, disappear from her life forever."

Olivia's broom landed on John with a flurry of hits, scaring him into saying,
"Okay, I'll leave right away and never come back."

Then he packed up his things and ran off.

Michael felt a pang of jealousy as he watched Isabella warmly link arms with Olivia and kiss her on the cheek. Olivia had not only taken his chance to help Isabella but also stolen a kiss.

He decided to drag Eric into a romance that would make Olivia anxious.

Regarding John, Michael decided not to intervene. As long as Isabella was safe,the more people protecting her, the better. One more Olivia wouldn't hurt.

He watched Isabella's figure disappear into the company and was about to tell Jerry to drive away when Vaughn knocked on the car window and asked, "Michael, what are you doing here?"

"Nothing,just wandering around," Michael said, then had Jerry drive away.

Vaughn watched the black business car drive off, thinking, 'Silvercrest City is so big. Why would he wander here? Is he checking up on me, or is it the rumored romance with Eric...'

Vaughn immediately dismissed his second thought. With all his dating experience, Michael was definitely not gay.

He thought Michael was just checking up on him.

Vaughn made a silent vow to achieve something at the branch office to show Michael. The project Isabella and Olivia were working on was excellent!


When Isabella went to clock in, she realized she was an hour late. She incredulously took out her phone and saw that the time was indeed sixty minutes behind the company's time. Before she could think about it, Eric came over and asked with concern, "Are you feeling better? Michael called in to say you aren't feeling well, so I thought you wouldn't be coming in

this morning."

Hearing this, Olivia anxiously looked Isabella up and down and asked,"Isabella, what's wrong? Are you okay? Should you go back to the dorm and rest? I can handle the project."

Isabella felt embarrassed but was touched by Olivia's concern. Blushing.she said. "No need. I've rested enough."

Eric looked at Olivia and shook his head helplessly, smiling.

Vaughn passed by and saw the three of them talking. He walked over and sternly ordered, "Olivia, Isabella, no matter what it takes, get this project done as soon as possible. I want to see results in two weeks. Eric, you can't slack off either.Give them the maximum support."

They agreed but were puzzled, thinking what had gotten into Vaughn.
 	W
###Chapter 45 He Harmed Himself

To show Michael he meant business, Vaughn told Isabella and Olivia to finish the project and demanded results in two weeks. So, for Isabella and Olivia, working late became a necessity.


When the office was empty except for the two of them,Isabella realized she forgot to tell Michael she'd be working late and he didn't need to pick her up.


She rushed to the window and saw his familiar black business car already parked downstairs. She quickly ran to the stairwell and quietly called Michael.


"Hey, Mr. Johnson, I'm so sorry. I've been swamped today and forgot to tell you I need to work overtime. Can you head home first? I'll grab a cab when I'm done," Isabella said, hoping Michael wouldn't be upset.

Michael couldn't think of any urgent projects at the branch that needed late-night work, so he asked, "Why do you suddenly need to work overtime? What's going on?"


"It's about the project Olivia and I are working on. Mr. Vaughn Johnson only gave us two weeks, so we need to work overtime to get some preliminary work done before we can discuss the collaboration with the client," Isabella explained.


"Why's the timeline so tight?" Michael was puzzled. "Is this project really that important?"


"It's super important to Olivia and me," Isabella said patiently. "The project proposal was submitted when Mr. Mitchell was here, but it never got approved. Mr. Vaughn Johnson saw it and thought it was good, so he put us in charge of pushing it forward."

"There's no need to work overtime for that. Vaughn's useless," Michael

grumbled. Vaughn wasn't very capable himself but was good at delegating tasks.


"Michael, this is the first time Olivia and I have been independently in charge of a project. We both want to do a good job, and Mr. Alen sacrificed his own time to help us with the data. Michael, please support us!" Isabella was worried MMichael would come up to confront Vaughn, so she softened her tone to appease Michael.

"Alright, I'll come to pick you up at nine, no later," Michael finally agreed.

Isabella replied, "Okay, Michael, thank you. I'll get back to work now. Bye!"

Isabella's words melted Michael's heart, making him lose himself.He couldn't help but smile, and he looked much gentler.

"Alright, you go ahead and work. I'll pick you up at nine," Michael's voice was so gentle that Jerry and Aaron, sitting in the front, couldn't believe their ears.

Vaughn was about to leave work when he saw the familiar business car driving away. He sighed, thinking, 'Michael really doesn't trust me. It seems Isabella and Olivia's plan has to be expedited and completed before the end of the year, and it has to succeed.'

Watching Michael's car leave, Vaughn followed in his own car.

Without picking up Isabella, Michael didn't want to go home, so he called Jeremy, "Jeremy, let's grab a drink."

"Last time I invited you, you didn't come and even threatened to hit me with a bottle. Are you trying to set me up again? I'm telling you, I'm okay with a couple of drinks, but if you start a fight, I'm not going,"Jeremy said into the phone for a long time, but there was no sound from the other end.
When he looked, Michael had already hung up.

He had to contact Aaron to find out where Michael had arranged to meet.But to his surprise, Michael went straight to his house.

Downstairs at Jeremy's place.

As soon as Michael got out of the car, he noticed Vaughn tailing him.

"Michael, I need to talk to you," Vaughn called out, catching up.

"Why aren't you at the office? What are you doing here?" Michael shot Vaughn a cold look.

"Michael, it's after work," Vaughn explained.

"You know it's after work! Have you thought about what your employees are doing right now?" Michael snapped.

Vaughn, confused by Michael's anger, replied, "They're creating value for the company."

Michael snorted and ignored him.

When Michael entered Jeremy's house, Jeremy noticed Vaughn following and craned his neck to look behind him. Not seeing anyone else, he tentativey asked Míchael, "Michael, is Eric coming?"

Michael glared at Vaughn and said, "It's because of him. Eric is stuck working overtime at the office!"

Vaughn finally understood why Michael was so unfriendly and irritable.

Jeremy looked Vaughn up and down and said, "Michael,have you had some good news recently? It's written all over your face. Spill it so we can all be happy."

Michael glanced at himself in the mirror, adjusted his expression,and asked,"Is it that obvious?"

Jeremy crossed his arms and said with a smirk, "Of course. Just look at the corners of your mouth. They used to be straight and pressed together, but now they're turned up and you can't hide it."

Jeremy demonstrated as he spoke.

Michael laughed. "It's not that exaggerated!"

"Michael," Jeremy tugged at Michael's sleeve and asked mysteriously, "Tell me, what's making you so happy? I swear on my honor, I won't tell Qiana.
"1

Jeremy raised his right hand in an oath.

Michael glanced at him and said, "Come on, you have no honor in front of Qiana."


"Just tell me, are you and Eric really dating?" Jeremy followed Michael,pressing for an answer.

"It's definitely true."

"It's definitely not true."

Michael and Vaughn said simultaneously.


Jeremy immediately left Michael and sat next to Vaughn, curiously asking,"Do you know some inside scoop? Tell me."


Vaughn wanted to say that once he had stopped Michael's car and found a girl inside with him. But seeing Michael's look,he chickened out.


He changed his tune and said, "I asked Eric. With my twenty-plus years of life and dating experience, I can tell they're definitely not dating. When they talk about each other, there's no sparkle in their eyes."

Jeremy, disapointed that Vauqhn didn't reveal any big news he had

expected, chided, "That's it? Any inside scoop, something juicy,exciting?"

"Lowbrow!" Michael looked at Jeremy with disdain. Then he downed his drink and said, "I'm leaving."

"It's just getting started. Where are you going?" Jeremy asked curiously.

On a whim, Vaughn said, "To the branch office?"

"To pick up my lover from work." Michael neither confirmed nor denied it and walked straight out the door.

Jeremy was so angry he jumped up and down. "Look at him, going to find Eric again late at night. You're his cousin. Can't you do something about him?"


Vaughn sneered, "You can't do anything about him either."

Jeremy sighed deeply. Michael's current state made him both heartbroken and headache-ridden. He muttered to himself, "Isn't this too much?"

It was unclear whether he was talking about Michael or someone else.
 
###Chapter 46 Let Him Feel the Warmth of Ho me

With Eric's help, Isabella and Olivia got all the initial data sorted and laid out neatly on the table.

Isabella stretched, grabbed her phone to check the time, and realized it was already 10:30.

It had been an hour and a half since her 9 o'clock meeting with Michael!

Isabella rushed to the window and saw the familiar black business car parked out front with its low beams on, casting a warm orange glow.

"Mr. Allen, Olivia, Michael's waiting for me downstairs. I gotta go. Mr.Allen, can you take Olivia back to the dorm?" Isabella said.

Eric nodded, and Isabella grabbed her bag and dashed to the elevator.

As the elevator descended, Isabella's mind was racing. 'How am I gonna explain this to him? I'm so late. Is he gonna be mad?' she thought.

Before she could come up with an excuse, the elevator reached the first floor.

As soon as Isabella stepped out, Michael walked up, took her bag, and held her hand. "Is the work done? Are you tired?" he asked.


Isabella's eyes sparkled, and she smiled proudly. "Of course, I'm tired, but super happy. With Mr. Allen's help, Olivia and I had to give it our all not to let Mr. Vaughn Johnson down."

Michael felt a bit uneasy. He helped Isabella fix her hair and couldn't help but ask, "Do you care about his opinion that much?"

"Absolutely," Isabella said. "In a way, Mr. Vaughn Johnson values us. Our

project proposal was ditched by Mr. Mitchell, but he found it and gave us another shot. Even if we're not that impressive, Mr. Johnson did us a solid.Future promotions, raises, and bonuses all depend on him!"

Michael couldn't help but see Isabella in a new light. He hadn't realized how ambitious she was.

He thought he should definitely transfer her to the headquarters under his supervision, so she'd be grateful to him. Otherwise, with Isabella's work ethic, he'd often be left alone.

The car passed by Crestwood College.

Isabella saw the restaurant she used to love during her school days.

"Michael, I want pizza," Isabella tugged at Michael's finger.

"Let's eat at home. Let Ava make it for you," Michael didn't catch Isabella's hint.


"Michael," Isabella shook his arm with one hand and pointed out the window with the other. "I want pizza from over there."


Michael immediately had Jerry turn around and head to the pizza place Isabella pointed out.

Michael felt that he, usually so indifferent, had changed because of Isabella.

The small shop was tucked under a street tree, its sign completely hidden behind the tree's canopy, making it hard to find unless the customers knew it was there.


Before Jerry could open the car door, Isabella jumped out and ran into the shop.

The small shop was warm and clean, with a row of neatly arranged tables covered with beige tablecloths, not a single grease stain in sight. An elderly

couple with white hair was busy inside.

"Willie, Elara," Isabella called out before even stepping inside.

Willie and Elara Reed stopped what they were doing and looked outside.

When they saw Isabella's face clearly, they smiled and came out to greet her. "Isabella, is that you? Willie, look, it's Isabella!"

"Willie, Elara, it's me. I've come to see you," Isabella said excitedly, holding Elara's hand.


"Willie, hurry up and make Isabella her favorite ham pizza," Elara said."Isabella, come inside and sit."


Isabella paused and said, "Elara, I brought someone with me today."

Michael walked up, holding Isabella's hand, and Isabella introduced him,"Elara, this is my husband,Michael."


Elara looked at Michael with tears in her eyes, saying repeatedly, "That's wonderful. Isabella, you've grown up and gotten married."

Elara invited them inside, and Willie had already made the pizza and brought it to their table.


Michael looked at the pizza ina front of him; it looked delicious.

Michael had never eaten in such a small restaurant before.


Usually, he either ate food prepared by his family's chef or ordered directly from a hotel's kitchen.


This was his first time sitting in a roadside restaurant, eating pizza.

Michael watched Isabella, who looked like a little fox enjoying her food.

Before long, the pizza was gone.

Seeing Isabella so satisfied, Michael couldn't help but try a slice himself.

Despite having eaten countless gourmet meals, Michael couldn't describe the sensation in his mouth at that moment. This pizza was unlike any he had ever tasted.


Isabella sat across from him, resting her chin in her hands, watching him eat with such elegance. It was as if he were dining in a five-star hotel, not a small roadside shop.

Isabella thought this must be Michael's dining etiquette.

After finishing, they got up to leave. Willie and Elara watched them get into the car before supporting each other back into the shop.

"Michael, do you know? The first time I came here for pizza, I envied Willie and Elara's relationship," Isabella said, watching the elderly couple busy in the shop. "They never argue. Wilie always saves the best food for Elara. Willie isn't in good health, and Elara never lets him do heavy work.For a long time, I thought a happy family was like this. So, whenever I felt wronged at home, I would come to Elara."

Michael held Isabella's hand tightly and hugged her. He finally understood that Isabella didn't care about money or wealth; she cherished the warmth of ordinary life.


Although he had no experience, Michael prided himself on his strong learning ability.


He planned to turn Willie and Elara's pizza shop into his little canteen and learn from them how to be a good husband.

Michael said, "Isabella, once I get things arranged, I'll introduce you to Grandpa and Qiana."

Michael felt warm inside. He realized he was becoming greedier, wanting

all of Isabella's love and the warmth of ordinary life.

"But what if Grandpa and Qiana don't like me?" Isabella worried.

"You're my wife. As long as I like you, that's all that matters.You don't need to please them," Michael pinched Isabella's cheek and said seriously.

Isabella was stunned, her face turning red. She mustered the courage to look up at him, thinking, 'Does he love me?'

Michael didn't say anything. He lowered his head and kissed her lips,answering with his actions.
 
###Chapter 47 Encountering Workplace Sexua Harassment

Isabella and Olivia were burning the midnight oil to finish the proposal.Once they sent it off to Global Innovators Inc, they got a reply in no time.

Chris Diaz, the big boss at Global Innovators Inc, loved their proposal and told his secretary to set up a meeting to go over the details.

First thing in the morning, they filled Vaughn in on the good news.

Vaughn was pumped and pushed them to head over to Global Innovators Inc ASAP to seal the deal.

At Global Innovators Inc.

"Mr. Diaz, nice to meet you. We're the project managers from the Johnson Group for this collaboration. I'm Olivia, and this is Isabella. Here are some extra materials we put together for you," Olivia said.

Chris looked like he was in his thirties, a bit on the heavier side,with decent but not standout looks. He dressed sharp, but his attention to detail made him seem a bit older.

Chris asked them to chill on the sofa while he checked out the materials and had his secretary bring them some coffee.

Before long, Chris came over and sat down next to Isabella.

Isabella felt he was a bit too close and scooted over a bit.

Chris gave them a once-over and said, "I've gone through your proposal,and it's really impressive. It's surprising that such a great plan came from such young and beautiful women."

Isabella thought he might be doubting their experience and quickly said,"

Mr. Diaz, don't worry. Even though we're young, we've got plenty of project management experience and won't let you down."

Chris replied, "I get it. Choosing your proposal means we trust your skills.We'll need your continued efort on this project."

"Of course, Mr. Diaz. About signing the contract.." Isabella asked.

Chris checked his watch and said, "No rush. It's almost lunchtime. Let's grab a bite and talk it over."


"Sure," Olivia jumped in, eager to get the contract signed.

Isabella was about to say no but couldn't after Olivia agreed so fast.

They thought they'd just grab a quick bite at the company cafeteria, but Chris asked Olivia to book a nearby restaurant. Olivia picked a reasonably priced one.

During the meal, Chris kept chatting with Isabella, "Ms. Taylor, how old are you?"

"Mr. Diaz, a lady's age is a secret." Isabella didn't want to engage but answered carefully, considering the contract wasn't signed yet.

Chris kept going, "Ms. Taylor, you're so beautiful. You must have a boyfriend, right? Is he handsome?"

His questions were getting more and more out of line.

"Mr. Diaz, I don't have a boyfriend," Isabella answered patiently, "but I am married."


"Ms. Taylor, married so young? Your husband must be much older than you,right?"

"My husband is the same age as me. We were classmates and got married

right after graduation," Isabella lied to get Chris off her back.

After the meal. Chris leaned back in his chair, looking satisfied, with no intention of paying the bill.

Seeing the waiter's worried look. Olivia went to pay the bill.

As Olivia left. Chris wiped his mouth and said to Isabella, "It was great meeting two beautiful ladies today. But I've got something this afternoon.How about this? Come see me after six tonight, Ms. Taylor. I'll clear my evening to discuss things in detail."

Chris smiled suggestively and slipped a room key card into Isabella's collar.

Chris continued, "Ms. Taylor, you're a smart person. You know what to do."


He left, leaving Isabella holding the room key card, lost in thought.

When Olivia came back, Isabella murmured, "While you were paying the bill, Chris gave me a room key card. He probably wants to harass me."

Olivia was ready to storm back into Global Innovators Inc, shouting,"Chris is a shameless jerk! I'll go give him a piece of my mind."

"Olivia, don't be rash. Let me think. If I don't go, our project is dead, and all our hard work goes down the drain. If I do go, we need a plan to avoid any harm and still get that contract signed," Isabella said,thinking hard.


Olivia paced back and forth, struggling to come up with a solution.

Suddenly, Isabella said, "Olivia, call Mr. Allen and ask him to come over."

Olivia was worried. "Mr. Allen isn't exactly a tough guy. What if he can't handle Chris?"

Isabella explained, "We're not looking for a fight. If we fight, the project is toast."


With a call from Olivia, Eric showed up quickly.

In the afternoon, they split up, with Eric taking the room key to thehotel.

Chris had just finished his shower, wearing a loose bathrobe that barely covered his middle-aged belly.

Eric used the key to open the door and walked in.

Chris was startled. "Why are you here? Where's Isabella?"

"The company has other plans for her," Eric said. "Ill be handling things here,Mr.Diaz."


Chris approached Eric with a sly smile and asked, "I heard a rumor about you,Mr.Allen. Is it true?"

"It's true. I am dating Mr. Johnson," Eric said bluntly.

"Mr. Allen, since you're here, it wouldn't be right to leave empty-handed. I've never been with a man before. If you sleep with me once,I'll sign the contract," Chris said shamelessly.


Eric replied, "From what I understand, this collaboration benefits you a lot with no downside, but for us, it's different. We can take it or leave it. Are you sure you want to use this method to push our contract, Mr. Diaz?"

"Stop pretending to be all righteous. Sleep with me once, and we'll sign the contract. It won't cost you anything. Make me happy, and I'll make you a vice president at Global Innovators Inc. Michael hasn't offered you such a sweet deal at the Johnson Group, has he?" Chris said, reaching for Eric.

Eric shouted, "Mr. Diaz, are you sure you want to do this? Is our project proposal so unimportant to you? Our company doesn't need this project. If

you treat me like this. I can just call it off."

"You idiot, I didn't put you in charge to mess around. You're ignoring the company's interests and acting like a fool. Do you think I won't take back the company's management rights?" Chris's father, Wilder Diaz, burst in.followed by Isabella and Olivia. Wilder slapped Chris twice.

"Dad? Why are you here?" Chris sat on the floor, pale with fear.

Seeing Chris like this, Wilder was furious and disappointed,kicking him and immediately apologizing to Eric.

Eric coldly said, "No need to apologize. It won't help. If you still want to collaborate, send someone to our company to discuss it with me tomorrow."

With that, Eric left the hotel with Isabella and Olivia.

In the hotel, WTilder continued to berate and beat Chris. Eric and Isabella exchanged a knowing smile, realizing Wilder was putting on a show for them.
 	00

###Chapter 48 If It's Given to You, Why Would t You Take It? Are You Stupid?

"Hey. Mr. Allen, how about we treat you to dinner? We wanna thank you for all your hard work on the project and celebrate signing the contract,"Olivia suggested.

"Sure, let me just make a quick call to get some time off." Isabella replied.

"Married life, huh? Gotta check in for everything. Being single is way better; I can do whatever I want," Olivia teased. "Right, Mr. Allen?"

Eric, with a cold tone, said, "Nope,I prefer being married."

Olivia patted Eric's shoulder and scoffed, "Come on, you don't even have a girlfriend yet. Who are you gonna marry?"

Isabella's call went through, and Michael eagerly asked, "Are you done?Where are you? I'll come pick you up."

Isabella whispered, "Michael, I'll be home late tonight."

Michael asked, "Didn't you submit your proposal? Why the late night?"

Isabella explained, "It's not overtíme. Olivia and I are taking Mr. Allen out for dinner."


"I wanna come too," Michael insisted.

"Why would you come? Is that even appropriate?" Isabella felt a bit embarrassed.


Eric shouted into the phone, "Come on, it's just us."

Olivia chimed in, "Yeah, come on, it's all friends here."

Michael chuckled, "They insisted I come, Isabella. Not my idea."
ed and said happily, "Alright, come on over!"

She wanted to say she missed Michael but couldn't bring herself to say it.

"Isabella, I miss you. It's been a whole day," Michael said before hanging up.


Thinking about Michael coming, Eric mischievously chose a barbecue place.

Olivia was pleased; barbecue was cheap. She thought Ericreally got her!

For Olivia, the real intention behind this dinner was, on one hand,to thank Eric, and on the other, to ask if the $500 spent on treating Chris could be reimbursed.


Eric sensed her intention, especially the latter, so he invited Michael too.When it came to money, Michael was the go-to guy.

The three of them found a small table and sat down.

The owner brought a pot of tea, and Olivia started ordering, calculating as she went, worried she might not have enough money.

Seeing this, Eric grabbed the menu and ordered a variety of dishes.

Soon,the owner started bringing out the meat they ordered.

Since Michael hadn't arrived yet, the three of them each took a few skewers and started grilling.

Just as they finished the first batch, Michael arrived. He was already handsome, and in a sharp suit, he stood out even more.

He went straight to Isabella, who looked him up and down and asked,"
You're going to enjoy a barbecue dressed like that?"

"I thought you'd choose a fancier place for a rare treat," Michael said.

Olivia explained, "This time, Isabella and I are treating. We chose barbecue to save you some money."

Michael snorted, "Do I look like I need to save money?"

Isabella walked behind Michael, gently took off his suit jacket,and called Jerry to take it to the car.


Seeing Isabella and Michael's cozy interaction, Olivia couldn't help but tease,"Our Isabella is so sweet! Michael, you're one lucky guy to have her."

Isabella's face turned bright red.

Michael shot a look at Eric, who just smiled and shrugged, like he was saying,"What can you do?"

Olivia stood up, holding a beer bottle, and said, "Let's have a drink to celebrate our project's success and the contract signing."


She took a big gulp of beer and continued, "Isabella, here's to you getting promoted, getting a raise, and becoming the chairman's wife."

Michael was taken aback, 'thinking, 'Does Olivia know what I do? Is she trying to send me a message?

He glanced at Eric, who just shrugged again, clearly as clueless as Michael.They were both confused.


Then Olivia started again, taking a few more sips. "Here's to me,eating well, sleeping well, and marrying a good man."

Michael relaxed, raised his water glass, and toasted Eric, "To good men!"

Eric downed his tea.

Olivia toasted everyone in the company for various reasons, and by the end,she was completely drunk.

She staggered over to Eric, put a hand on his shoulder, and said, "Mr.Allen, Isabella and I spent $500 treating that jerk Chris for the project.Isabella's too shy to ask, but I'm not. You gotta help us out, or I'll spill our secret."


Eric quickly tried to cover her mouth, but it was too late.

Olivia dodged his hand and continued, "Mr. Allen, you're tight with Mr.Johnson. Just talk to him. Don't be stingy. Reimbursing this small amount shouldn't be a big deal. Don't make things hard for us low-level employees.



"Sorry, I'll take her home," Eric said to Michael.

Michael sneered, "Mr. Allen, it's a small matter. Just reimburse her bill.and she won't complain."

"Michael, don't make it hard for Mr. Allen," Isabella, also quite tipsy but still somewhat rational, tugged at Michael's sleeve.

"Why?" Michael was puzzled.

Isabella replied, "Michael, the company has its rules, posted on the wall.and they can't be changed arbitrarily. The company's reimbursement policy doesn't cover entertainment expenses. Even if Mr. Allen wanted to reimburse us, he couldn't find a valid reason. Although there's a rumor that Mr. Allen is close with Mr. Johnson, that's Mr. Allen's private matter.If he approached Mr. Johnson for our small issue, it might affect their relationship."


Michael appreciatively patted Isabella's head. Even drunk,she had a good sense of perspective.

Isabella thought of something and said to Michael, "Michael, even if Mr.Johnson and Mr. Allen's relationship might displease the old chairman,don't take advantage of it. We shouldn't covet what's not ours. Let's just
 honestly."

"Isabella, if one day the position of successor falls to me, should I not take it?" Michael tested.

Isabella slapped him and said. "If it's given to you, why wouldn't you take it? Are you stupid?"
 
###Chapter 49 The Angry Mr. Johnson

Isabella had a drink and knocked out as soon as she got in the car.

Michael saw his chance and called up Jeremy to talk about getting those business expenses reimbursed. He made a point to mention that the branch office often got the short end of the stick, so they needed to make sure employees got their work expenses covered.

Jeremy got the hint right away; the branch office was code for where Eric worked.


First thing the next morning, Jeremy called Vaughn at the branch to pass on the message.

Vaughn was surprisingly touched. "I knew Michael always has my back,making sure I could do my job smoothly."

Jeremy was like, "Dude, don't overthink it. You really think he's got nothing better to do than worry about you?"

Vaughn shot back, "You better believe it. I've seen Michael's car outside the branch a bunch of times. He's worried I'll get mistreated and shows up to support me!"

Jeremy rolled his eyes. He figured Michael was thereto see Eric. But he played along, "Yeah, Michael's got your back. Just do your best and get some good results so you can come back to headquarters soon."

Vaughn was so moved. "Tell him not to worry. I won't let him down.I'll prove myself and show the board I'm not useless."

Vaughn got all fired up, hung up, and called a meeting right away.

At the meeting, he shared the latest orders from HQ. To pump everyone up,he even found a video online and led a dance from the stage in the big

conference room.

For a while, the branch was buzzing with activity.

Vaughn told everyone to make daily, weekly, and monthly plans, with specific actions for each day. Department heads had to enforce this strictly.

Watching Vaughn go wild on stage, Eric had a faint, unreadable smile.

After explaining everything, Vaughn copied the video and led everyone in chanting a slogan three times before ending the meeting.

After the meeting, he kept Isabella and Olivia behind since they were his main performers.

"Mr. Johnson, any instructions?" Isabella asked.

Vaughn said, "I heard you signed a contract with Global Innovators Inc.You didn't let me down. Now, follow up on this project and aim to add a big achievement to the branch by the end of the year. I'll give you a bonus then."


"Mr. Johnson, isn't that a bit rushed?" Isabella thought the timeline was tight, with only three months left until the end of the year.

"That's why you need to hurry. Don't worry. If you do well, I won't shortchange you. Promotions, raises, bonuses, you'll get them all, and I'll take you to the headquarters's annual meeting."

"Okay, Mr. Johnson, we'll get it done," Olivia's eyes litup,and she agreed right away.

After leaving the office, Isabella pulled Olivia aside and asked, "Olivia, are you nuts? With holidays, there's no way we can do it in such a short time."

Olivia said, "Isabella, you don't know how awesome the headquarters's annual meeting is. It's like a feast. There's a bonus just for showing up.

Everyone gets to draw a prize, and the winning rate is 100%,with multiple draws. Lots of people want to go. Now that it's in front of us, we can't miss it."


"Then what are we waiting for? Let's get to work." At this moment,Isabella felt herself like a relentless work machine.

At the end of the day, Michael, as usual, came to pick up Isabella on time,but the office was empty, and she hadn't come out. He had to call her.

"Michael, I'm sorry, I can't leave yet. Mr. Johnson wants the project to move fast. We've only signed the contract, and there are tons of details to finalize. I have to work late tonight to get it done," Isabella explained patiently.

"Your boss is nuts! If he's sick, he should get treated instead of making others suffer," Michael snapped.


"Michael, he's doing it for the company's performance, and Olivia and I want to prove our worth," Isabella said softly.


"But you can't ignore your health and work overtime like crazy every day!"Michael hung up the phone in frustration.


Isabella sighed, put her phone back in her pocket, and got ready to keep working.


Vaughn came over, looking concerned. "Did you have a fight with your husband? It's really frustrating; he doesn't let you advance your career,and you can't even work overtime. I heard your husband is unemployed.If it doesn't work out, you should get a divorce. You're so beautiful; you can find any husband you want!"


Isabella gave Vaughn a strange look and walked away without saying a word.

Vaughn watched her leave, shaking his head and sighing. Isabella was exactly his type, but unfortunately, she was married. If she got divorced,he wouldn't mind her.

As Vaughn was lost in thought, his phone rang. It was MichaeI calling.

"Let's go practice some combat! I'm waiting for you downstairs," Michael said curtly.

Vaughn was flattered. He knew Michael cared about him the most.

He wanted to post on Facebook to tell everyone he hadn't been abandoned by the Johnson Group.

Before leaving, he glanced at Isabella working overtime at her desk and couldn't help but take a picture.

In Michael's car, he took out his phone to look at Isabella's photo,feeling more and more regretful, and sighed.

Michael asked, "What's with that expression?"

Vaughn, eager to share, said to Michael, "There's a female employee at the branch office who's very capable. The key is, she looks exactly like my type.
But she's married, and her husband often fights with her because she works overtime. Michael, do you think if she gets divorced, Grandpa would let me marry her?"

As he spoke, Vaughn showed Michael the photo on his phone.

Michael didn't react at first, but when he saw the photo, it was Isabella. If he weren't so composed, he would have thrown Vaughn out of the car.

He took Vaughn's phone and deleted the photo.

"Hey, Michael, what are you doing? Why did you delete it?" Vaughn said anxiously,reaching out to grab his phone back.

Michael, holding back his anger, said heavily, "As a leader, secretly taking photos of female subordinates and creating unnecessary rumors is troublesome to deal with."

Soon they arrived at the venue. Jeremy hád arrived early,changed into his gear,and was waiting for them.

The two of them changed into their gear and got on the mat.


The three of them had grown up together and were taught by the same teacher, so their skills were evenly matched. But this time, for some reason,Michael was clearly dominating.

Jeremy,watching from the sidelines, noticed that Michael was fighting recklessly, as if he had a lot of pent-up anger.

Seeing Vaughn lying on the ground, unable to get up, Michael gave him a fierce glare and left without a word.


Vaughn struggled to get up, pointing at Michael's retreating figure,and shouted,"Is he crazy? Did he bring me here just to beat me up?"

Jeremy quickly calmed him down, saying, "Calm down. You know he's always been a bit off. Besides, you should be grateful he still has some conscience and called me. Otherwise, if he left you in the middle of nowhere, you wouldn't even know how you died."

Terrified, Vaughn made a mental note of never getting in Michael's car again.
 

###Chapter 50 Chris's Revenge

Isabella and Olivia hit a snag while working on the collab project with Global Innovators Inc. They sorted it out but needed signatures from both sides to get things rolling again.

Vaughn from the Johnson Group signed off right away, but over at Global Innovators, they couldn't find anyone to sign. Every time they showed up,Chris was not around.


After a few tries, Isabella figured out that Chris was holding a grudge because she had outsmarted him before.

So, Isabella and Olivia headed back to Global Innovators, and the secretary told them Chris was throwing a party at his villa ina Maple Hill.

Isabella thought, 'In this freezing weather, Chris is having a party in the mountains? This could be a trap. If we don't go, Chris might hold it against us, messing up the project. If it's not a trap, we need to get this sorted ASAP.


They decided to brave the cold and head to the villa in Maple Hill.

Bundled up in warm down jackets, they set off.


They took a cable car halfway up the mountain and found Chris's villa using the address from the secretary.


Sure enough, Chris was partying.

People were gathered around a bonfire, singing, dancing, drinking,and barbecuing,having a blast.

"What are you doing here?" Chris asked lazily when he saw them.

Their arrival caught everyone's attention.
Olivia, always impulsive, wanted to confront Chris.

Isabella held her back, signaling her to stay calm, and approached with the document needing a signature. "Mr. Diaz, I have a document here that needs your signature. Please take a look."
Chris took it and said while reading, "I can't just sign anything you bring me. Or I might get outsmarted."

Isabella patiently explaned, "Mr. Diaz, this is a project between the Johnson Group and your company. There was a small issue that's now fixed. We need signatures from both sides to resume work. Mr. Johnson has already signed. You can review it, and if there are no issues, please sign it too."

"Ms. Taylor, I have to sign any document you bring me. After all,you and I go way back!" Chris said with a smirk.

Isabella took a pen from her bag and respectfully handed it to him.

Chris took it and tossed it into the bonfire. "Oops, Ms. Taylor, my hand slipped."


Everyone laughed, looking at Isabella with mixed expressions-some sympathetic, some curious about what Chris would do next.

Isabella lowered her head, took another pen from her bag, and respectfully handed it to Chris.


Chris was surprised that Isabelle was so prepared.

"Ms. Taylor, you're really well-prepared!" Chris took the pen but didn't sign. Instead, he put the document aside and pulled Isabella close. "The Johnson Group is lucky to have such a meticulous employee. But they don't seem to care about their employees, making a beautiful woman like you run around. Ms. Taylor, ever thought about working for Global Innovators

Inc? I'd treat you well."

Olivia, anxious, shouted at Chris, "Chris, let her go!"

Chris smirked, "This young lady's in a hurry. Don't worry.If you behave,I'Il take you in too."


With Chris gripping her collar, Isabella looked up into his eyes and said calmly, "Mr. Diaz, what will it take for you to sign?"

Chris motioned to a woman nearby, who brought over a glass of red wine."Ms. Taylor, drink this, and I'll sign as many as you want."

Isabella,sensing a trap,hesitated.

The woman took a sip and then handed the half-full glass to Isabella.

Isabella downed it, then picked up the document and pen from the ground."Mr. Diaz, can you sign now?"

Chris grinned lewdly, "Ms. Taylor, no rush. Come inside the villa with me.Let's catch up and continue our conversation from last time."

Isabella felt a familiar restlessness coursing through her veins. 'This is bad.There's something wrong with that wine. I'm too careless,' she thought.

Chris's female companion was now clinging to him, tearing at her clothes like a snake, greedily licking Chris.


Chris pushed her off and tossed her to a nearby man, who eagerly took her. The people in the yard didn't even bat an eye.

Isabella bit her tongue, trying to stay rational, glaring angrily at Chris.

Chris threatened, "Ms. Taylor, you have two choices now. Come with me,make me happy, and maybe half of Global Innovators Inc will be yours.But if you don't cooperate, you can leave. I'll let you go this time, but don'

t let me catch you again."

A man nearby leered at Isabella. "Mr. Diaz, don't let her go. Give her to us,and let us have some fun."


Chris glared at the man and sneered, "She'll be mine sooner or later. After taking the drug, she won't last long and will come back begging me to be her antidote. I want to see her kneel before me, begging like a stray dog."

The man slunk away.

"Olivia, let's go!" Isabella, flushed and fighting the intense urge within her,turned to leave here.


Chris signaled his subordinates to release Olivia.

Freed, Olivia quickly caught up and supported Isabella as they hurried out of the villa.


They wandered aimlessly on the mountain path, their phones having been confiscated at Chris's villa.


Isabella,stumbling her way with Olivia, who hadn't eaten anything all day,accidentally rolled into a mountain stream by the path together.

In late autumn, the icy stream was running fast down the mountain.

The sudden chill sobered Isabella up instantly, but due to the drug,she had no strength, letting the stream wash over her.

Olivia, in slightly better condition, struggled to drag Isabella out of the water.

They had never been so disheveled. Sitting on the grassy bank, they leaned on each other.

Olivia smiled wryly. "Isabella, we've been through life and death together.

If you were a man, I'd marry you."

Isabella leaned on Olivia, too weak to speak.

"You two really have some nerve!" A pair of black hiking boots appeared before them. Looking up, they saw Eric's stern face.

The extreme tension and exhaustion, combined with seeing a reassuring face,caused the two to faint.

When they woke up again, they found themselves in a hospital.
 
###Chapter 51 Took Her Home

Eric threw his hands up, "You two were really reckless! You know what kind of guy Chris is, and you still went out to the wilderness to find him?It's a miracle you made it back in one piece. If something had happened,I d be in deep trouble too. Isabella, you're usually the smart and steady one.Did you lose your mind this time? You knew it was a trap and still walked right into it. Are you tired of living a peaceful life? Is a project really worth risking your neck for?"
"I'm sorry, Mr. Allen. I know I messed up. I won't do itagain," Isabella mumbled, sitting on the bed with her head down, avoiding Eric's gaze.
Olivia couldn't hold back anymore and snapped at Eric, "Stop blaming Isabella. She did it for the company. Mr. Johnson is pushing hard for this project, and it is our first big one..."
Eric cut her off, "If you hadn't spoken up, I might've forgotten about you!You act without thinking. Neither of you is smart when you're together.Can't you see Vaughn is using you? You're busting your butts for him.What has he promised you that's worth risking your lives for a project?Vaughn wouldn't care if you died on that mountain."

Eric's words made the two women on the bed almost hide their faces under the sheets.

"Did you tell Michael about this?" Eric asked, taking a deep breath and speaking coldly.

Isabella shook her head. "No, don't tell him. If he finds out, he'll definitely go after Chris. He's impulsive, and if something happens, I... I..."

"You really care about him. Yeah, if he finds out, it'll be a big mess. But we can't just let this slide." A hint of ruthlessness flashed in Eric's eyes.

"Let's call the cops!" Olivia suddenly suggested.

Eric tapped Olivia's head with his finger, "Call the cops? Even if you called them right then, it wouldn't help. The most they'd do is charge him with public indecency, and you'd be dragged into it too. Chris set this trap specifically for you; he wouldn't leave any evidence for you to report."

Olivia pouted, "So we just let him get away with it?"

"We'll get our revenge later," Eric said, squinting his eyes, making Olivia shiver. She was secretly glad he wasn't mad at her.

Their phones had been taken by Chris's people and not recovered.Eric had new phones delivered, complete with SIM cards, and told them to stay in the hospital for the night to keep an eye on their condition.

Isabella used the new phone to text Michael, telling him she and Olivia were staying in the dorm tonight.

After sending the message, she turned off the phone, afraid that if Michael called, she wouldn't be able to control her emotions and might spill the beans.


By the next morning, both of them were mostly symptom-free, just a bit of a cold,especially Isabella, who had been drugged by Chris. She had a blood test, which also showed no issues.

After completing the discharge procedures, Eric told them not to work overtime for a while and to rest at home.

Olivia happily said, "That's great. Mr. Allen, you're so nice. I feel so awful;I wouldn't work overtime even for a million bucks."

Eric called a cab for Isabella to go home.

Watching Isabela's car leave, Olivia was left alone with Eric, feeling a bit nervous.

"Mr. Allen, I'mn heading out too," Olivia said, trying to muster up some courage before turning to leave.

She barely took a step before Eric grabbed her by the collar and pulled her back.


"You shouldn't go back to the dorm. You live alone, and if you pass out from a fever, no one will know. It's Saturday, and I'm not working. Come to my place; I can take care of you," Eric said calmly.

"What?" Olivia thought she must be delirious from the fever and misheard him.


Seeing her dazed look, Eric waved his hand in front of her eyes.

Olivia snapped out of it and asked, "Mr. Allen, what did you just say? I...
I...didn't hear clearly."

Eric's tone softened a bit, "I said, if you're not feeling well and something happens,no one will know."

Before Eric could finish, Olivia suddenly realized. "Oh right, I need to call Isabella and have her come back to the dorm. We can look after each other.11


She pulled out her phone to call Isabella.

Eric snatched her phone and yelled, "Are you serious? You want Isabella to leave her house, with servants, to stay in a crappy dorm with you? Aren't you afraid Michael will come after you? I still want to live a few more days."


Olivia muttered, "Why are you yelling? Just because you have a loud voice?
"

Eric, losing patience, said directly, "You're staying at my place. It's

Saturday,no work, and I'll take care of you."

Olivia blushed. She didn't like being around Eric, but she felt a bit of anticipation. She didn't understand her feelings and awkwardly said,"Oh!This... this is so embarrassing!"

Eric, now stern, said, "What's so embarrassing? I'm your supervisor and your senior. If you die, it's my responsibility. Don't overthink it."

Seeing his cold face, Olivia didn't dare say anything else and obediently got into the car with Eric.

They were silent the whole way.

Olivia wanted to break the awkward silence but couldn't bring herself to speak.

The silence continued until they entered Eric's home.

Eric took a pair of pink slippers from the shoe rack for Olivia to change into.


Seeing the women's slippers, Olivia felt inexplicably upset and stood at the door without moving.

They were at a standstill until Eric couldn't help but say, "Do you want me to put them on for you?"

As he spoke, he reached to take off Olivia's shoes.

Olivia stepped back and pointed at the slippers, asking, "Won't she mind if I wear these?"

"She? Who?" Eric was confused.

"Your girlfriend." Olivia felt a bit sad. "It's not right for me to wear her slippers,is it?"

"What girlfriend?" Eric found it amusing and laughed.

He rummaged through a box on the entryway table and handed her a long grocery receipt. "I bought all this for you. Pay me back when you get a chance."


Olivia looked at the receipt, which listed everything from toothbrushes to bedding,all bought the night before.

Olivia couldn't believe this was all for her.

"Take care of yourself," Eric said, leaving her to it as he went to his bedroom.


He didn't want to scare her any further. Finally, Olivia was at his place,and he wasn't in a rush.
 
###Chapter 52 A Night Out for Two

Isabella stood at the villa's entrance, hesitating to push the door open.

She was worried that if Michael asked her anything, she wouldn't know how to respond.


On the way, she had run through a million questions he might ask and had prepared answers. But she knew Michael well enough to speculate that he'd probably find some loophole and trick her into spilling everything.


"Mrs. Johnson, you're back." Ava, who was heading out to buy groceries,opened the door and found Isabella standing there.

"Yeah! Is Mr. Johnson home?" Isabella asked nervously.

"Mr. Johnson didn't come back last night either," Ava replied.

Hearing that Michael hadn't returned, Isabella felt a wave of relief.

The exhaustion hit her again, making her feel weak and dizzy. All she wanted was a hot bath and a good night's sleep.

"Go ahead with your tasks, I'll take a nap first. Don't worry about me.I'll wake up naturally," Isabella told Ava.

After that, she hurried upstairs for a bath and some sleep.

When she woke up, the setting sun was shining through the window,filling the room with a warm glow.

Michael was sitting in the sunset,quietly reading a book.

His chiseled features were perfectly highlighted by the sunlight, making him look like a bronze sculpture.

Isabella lay on her side on the bed, resting her head on one arm,quietly admiring the beautiful scene before her.


Maybe sensing Isabella's intense gaze, Michael turned his eyes towards her.

Caught peeking. Isabella felt embarrassed and quickly closed hereyes.pretending to sleep, but Michael saw through her act.


He took a big step to the bed, leaned down, and gently kissed her earlobe.Isabella felt ticklish and couldn't help but laugh.


Michael then lay down beside her, wrapping his arms around her,and softly asked, "Did you sleep in the dorm last night? Did you miss me?"

"Yeah. I did." To avoid more questions, Isabella answered straightforwardly, not caring abóut her shyness.

"Oh, you missed me? Tell me how you missed me," Michael pressed on.

"Of course, I missed you just like you missed me." Fearing Michael would keep asking, Isabella quickly changed the subject, "Where did you go yesterday? Why didn't you come back either?"


"Grandpa wanted to see me. He was so enthusiastic that he wouldn't let me leave, so I stayed the night," Michael carefully chose his words.

"Grandpa?" Isabela was surprised.

Michael propped himself up and looked at her seriously. "I told you before,I want to take you to meet Grandpa, Qiana, and other relatives.I'll introduce you to everyone."

"Your... parents?" Isabella asked cautiously.

Michael calmly said, "They passed away when I was very young."

Isabella feIt sorry for Michael, who usually seemed so cheerful but had

such a sad past.

She sat up and hugged him.

Feeling her warmth. Michael buried his face in her chest and said, "Luckily,I met you, Isabella. I'm very happy."

Isabella's longfingers ran through his short, wild hair, and she gently said,"I'm off for the next couple of days, so I'm all yours."

"You're being so nice to me?" Michael was a bit surprised. Given her workaholic nature, it was unusual for her to change her mind suddenly.He asked. "Why aren't you working overtime? Did something happen?"

Isabella replied,"Oliviacaught a cold, so Mr. Allen gave us a break."

This was the excuse Isabella had cooked up on the way.

"Finally, he did something right," Michael grumbled, clearly still holding a grudge against Eric.


Speaking of that grudge, it all started with Michael's overnight disappearance.

After Victor pretended to faint, neither Eric nor Michael reacted.

Victor couldn't control Eric or persuade Michael, so he went to the Johnson Villa, crying and complaining to Wesley.


Wesley called Michael back, and knowing it wasn't good news,Michael hid at the office.


Unexpectedly, Wesley teamed up with Jeremy and brought bodyguards to drag Michael back.

Victor cried pitifully, begging him to let Eric go.

At this point, all Michael had to do was bring a girlfriend home,and Wesley and Qiana wouldn't object.


He discussed with Eric to clarify their relationship and introduce Isabella to Wesley. But Eric disagreed, saying his issues weren't resolved yet and they couldn't stop pretending. So, for Eric's sake, Michael had to continue this absurd relationship.


Facing Victor's pleas, he could only shrug and say, "Our relationship started because I forced Eric. It's my fault, so the right to end it is Eric's.As long as he says stop. I'll comply."

Victor knew he couldn't persuade Eric; the more he opposed, the more Eric would dig in.

"I can't reason with him. Please, Mr. Johnson, break up with Eric," Victor cried pitifully.

Michael coldly said, "Sorry, Mr. Allen, I can't help you."

Seeing Victor, an elderly man, crying in front of Michael, who remained unmoved, Wesley felt this was against the Johnson family's upbringing.

He stepped forward,patted Victor's shoulder, and said, "Victor, I know these two kids well. Neither of them could like men. They must have their reasons for doing this. Leave it to me.You rest and have some water."

After settling Victor, Wesley turned to Michael and sternly said, "I don't care what agreement you have with Eric. Your attitude towards Victor is unacceptable. This isn't how the Johnsons behave. Tonight, you're not leaving. Go kneel and reflect."

Wesley had tolerated Michael's deviation from his plans for a long time and finally seized the opportunity to teach him a lesson.

Michael replied, "Alright, I'll go. Grandpa, take care of yourself and don't

get too upset."

Then he knelt without hesitation for the entire night.

The next morning, he had breakfast with Wesley and played the obedient grandson all mnorning. Only after Wesley had lunch and went to sleep did he return.


He blamed Eric for this.

Thinking about how Eric had helped them during their trouble. Isabella said. "Mr. Allen is a good person. Olivia and I are lucky to have such a leader."

After speaking, she couldn't help but sneeze.

Michael was about to say more bad things about Eric when he heard Isabella sneeze. He quickly raised his hand, touched her forehead,and asked with concern, "What's wrong? Did Olivia infect you?"

Isabella didn't want to wrongfully blame Olivia, so she said, "Maybe it's just my body can't handle the recent drop in temperature and caught a chill. I always feel cold."

"Then let's go to the hot springs! Since you're off, let's spend some quality time together," Michael suggested.
 
###Chapter 53 Hot Springs, The Fusion of Wle and Fire

"Hot springs?" Isabella's curiosity was piqued. She had no idea there were hot springs in Silvercrest City!


"Yeah. Maple Hill's got 'em." Michael said. "It's an old volcano, and the hot springs there are awesome."

Maple Hill again! Isabella felt a bit overwhelmed.

Knowing Michael's quirks, Isabella grabbed a big suitcase, thinking she'd need to pack both her stuff and his daily essentials.

But Michael stopped her, saying it was his place and she only needed a few changes of clothes.

Isabella was taken aback.

Michael explained he had a friend who developed Maple Hill, and he threw in some money. He didn't take any shares, just got the ownership of the hot springs. So, technically, Isabella was also an owner.

Before she could process the shock, Michael pulled her up to get ready.

Ava packed her bags, and Jerry drove them to the hot springs.

By the time they got to Maple Hill, it was already evening.

The sun set early in the mountains, and the steam from the hot springs filled the forest. With the lights perfectly placed, it looked like a fairyland.

Michael had a private courtyard there, reserved just for him and not open to the public. He'd never visited since it was built, so the staff knew it was his but had never seen him.

Isabella was still soaking in the scenery when Aaron came out to greet

them, "Mr. Johnson, you can go in now."

Aaron had arrived early to set things up, knowing Michael was coming.

He coordinated with the hot springs manager and led them into the courtyard.

The place was clearly prepped, with neatly trimmed plants and fragrant flowers.


In the courtyard, a pool of spring water bubbled, steam rising like a veil.

Isabella couldn't resist touching the water. It was slightly hot.

She'd been to hot springs with Olivia before, the kind with big pools where everyone soaked together. She always felt uncomfortable and never went in.

Before coming here, she wondered if she'd have to separate from Michael,with her going to the women's pool and him to the men's. She didn't expect Michael to be so loaded.

'Rich people's lives are something else,' Isabella thought to herself.

Michael gave some instructions to Aaron and Jerry, and they left.

Now, it was just the two of them.

Michael hugged Isabella from behind and whispered, "Are you tired or hungry? Want to rest, eat, or play for a bit?"

Ava had made Isabella drink a glass of milk before leaving. Plus, she'd slept all dåy and hadn't used much energy. Maybe the glucose from the hospital was still in her system; she wasn't hungry at all.

Michael had also eaten all the food Wesley gave him at lunch, playing the good grandson1. So when Isabella said she wasn't hungry, Michael eagerly pulled her inside to change clothes.

Isabella picked a white long dress that looked like a robe, with ties in the front. She was pleased with it, as it covered her from head to toe.

She tied her hair up high, exposing her long neck, and walked out.

Michael had already changed and was in the hot spring.

When he saw Isabella come out, he gave her an ambiguous look.

"What? Don't I look good?" Isabella asked nervously.

"You look good in anything," Michael replied.

He took her hand, secretly wondering why she chose that outfit among all the swimsuits.


Michael beckoned her to join him in the water.

Isabella hadn't expected to share a pool with Michael and hesitated.

"What? You didn't think about soaking with me?" Michael saw right through her.

Isabella shook her head.

A mountain breeze blew, making her shiver. She gritted her teeth,gathered her courage, and stepped into the pool.

The warm water enveloped her, and Isabella felt completely relaxed.


The evening breeze blew flowers onto the water's surface, filling the air with a long-lasting fragrance.

The pink and white walls reflected the dappled shadows of the trees.

Isabella was lost in the beauty around her.

Feeling ignored, Michael came over and wrapped his arms around her

waist,pulling her close.

He lowered his head, bit her earlobe, and softly asked, "What are you thinking about? So absorbed."

"Nothing. I just think this place is so beautiful," Isabella replied.

Michael looked down at her and said, "In that case, shouldn't we do something?"


Isabella lowered her head, avoiding Michael's intense gaze.

It was then she realized that the long dress that had covered her so well had become transparent in the water. She was mortified, wishing she could disappear.

Taking advantage of Michael's distraction, she tried to escape and change out of the cursed dress. But Michael saw through her intentions, pulled her back, and held her in his arms.


"Isabella, don't go," Michael said, kissing her lips. "You don't know how beautifual you are... like a...fairy."

Isabella pushed him away and said, "No, not here."

"It's okay. It's just the two of us tonight. No one will disturb us," Michael reassured her,holding her face.

In front of him stood Isabella, her long hair elegantly pinned up. In the dim light of the night, her innocent, wide eyes gazed at him like those of a little rabbit, yet her body was almost completely bare. The contrast between her purity and the raw desire was striking. She resembled a goddess stepping out of a painting.

Michael could no longer control himself. He placed one hand over Isabella's innocent, wide eyes and the other around her waist,pulling her close as

he leaned in to kiss her.

After a long kiss, Isabella's tense body gradually relaxed. Her eyes were dazed as she leaned against Michael, her hands tightly gripping his arms.

"Isabella, is it okay?" Michael asked, lifting her by her hips.

Her feet left the ground, and Isabella gasped, wrapping her legs around his waist.


His fingers explored the gap between her buttocks, light and heavy,gradually going deeper. His lips kept sucking gently on her chest.

Michael could clearly feel Isabella's body trembling in his arms.

He put her down, cupped her face, and saw Isabella close her eyes slightly,tilting her head up, inviting him.

Michael lowered his head, their lips locked in a passionate kiss, and their tongues intertwined with desire and madness, as if they wanted to devour each other.


His hands removed the barriers between them, fingers gliding over her smooth skin.


Isabella's breathing was rapid and deep, her hands climbed up his neck.She bit his shoulder and said, "Michael, I feel uncomfortable."

Michael held her slender waist, lifting her up and lowering her onto his crotch. With a powerful thrust, he entered her body.

Isabella let out a long, seemingly painful moan.

"Good girl. It'll be better soon," Michael's voice was low and soothing as he whispered to Isabella, but his movements didn't cease, his body rhythmically colliding with hers.
 
###Chapter 54 Encountered Again

Isabella surrendered her body to the hot spring and Michael, her legs tightly wrapped around his waist, rising and falling with him.

Soft moans, like whispers in the nighit, escaped her lips and were lost in the darkness, mingling with the splashing water.

After an unknown amount of time, Michael's desire poured into Isabella's body.

Isabella, like a ragdoll, lay in Michael's arms, falling asleep.

The next morning, Isabella woke up feeling ravenous.

The room was empty except for her; Michael had left at some point.

She sat up, her waist aching like she'd been hit by a truck.

But, surprisingly, there was no discomfort between her legs.

She noticed a bottle of ointment on the bedside table. The label said it was for relieving post-coital discomfort.

Isabella blushed instantly.

Flashes of last night came rushing back.

Her suitcase was next to the bedside table. She tried on outfit after outfit but couldn't hide the passionate marks on her neck. Finally,she settled on a thin long-sleeve shirt and wrapped it around her neck like a scarf.

There was a message from Michael saying he had some matters to attend to and that she could go to the dining hall if she was hungry.

Isabella left the room.

On the way, she saw several couples holding hands.

She thought, 'Looks like Michael's hot spring is pretty popular.How have I never heard of this place before?


Following the signs, she found the dining hall without any trouble.

It was a buffet-style setup with a wide variety of food.

Isabella picked some of her favorite dishes.

A waitress introduced her to the food, "Miss, our steak here is top-notch.The chef has specialized training. You should give it a try."

Isabella politely thanked her and took her breakfast to a seat by the window.


The waitress, Thalia Fairchild, sneered, "Poor people just don't know what s good. I kindly suggested she try our steak to broaden her horizons, but she refused."


"Thalia, don't talk about the guests like that. Everyone has different tastes,"another waitress nearby tried to persuade her.


"Didn't you see she's alone? Single women come here just to find a rich man and sell themselves for a good price. What's with the pretense?"Thalia continued.


Isabella ignored them, eating her meal while enjoying the view outside the window.

It had been night when she arrived, and the fog had made everything blurry and.hard to see.


The morning sunlight had dispersed the fog, revealing the beautiful scenery of Maple Hill Hot Springs.

Being a designer herself, Isabella was particularly interested in the layout of the buildings.

The more she looked, the more she admired the dlesigner of the hot spring.The buildings blended seamlessly with the mountain, retaining their unique features without looking out of place. Various flowers and trees adorned the area, likely offering different views in each season.

In the courtyard in front of the dining hall, short red maples dotted the green trees, and tall trees stood golden and proud.

Isabella was entranced.

"Mr. Diaz and Mrs. Diaz, welcome to have breakfast here!" Thalia shouted in a high-pitched voice, breaking the dining hall's tranquility and interrupting Isabella's thoughts.

Isabella looked up and couldn't help but shake her head in resignation.What a coincidence!


Chris and his female comnpanion from yesterday walked into the dining hall.


Isabella didn't want to interact with them, so she quickly lowered her head and ate her food in large bites.


She regretted it a bit; if she had known she would run into them, she would have finished eating quickly and left.

The woman next to Chris pointed at Isabella and shouted, "Chris, isn't that the woman who asked you to sign yesterday?"

She had been stunned by Isabella's beauty the first time she saw her, so she recognized her immediately today.

Chris looked over and indeed saw Isabella. He was a bit surprised; he hadn't expected Isabella to be so determined as to follow him here.

Chris leered at Isabella and said, "What? Are you here to get my signature

again today? I still say the same thing: sleep with me once,and I'll sign as many times as you want."

Isabella felt a wave of disgust; Chris's blatant gaze made her very uncomfortable.


"Mr. Diaz, you got your revenge yesterday. Let's call it even and move on,"Isabella said, taking a deep breath. "I'll still need your signature on Monday. I hope our companies can work together smoothly."

Chris sneered, "You think we're even? Have you thought about who started all this? If you had just taken the room key, I would've signed ages ago. Your biggest mistake was getting my father involved!"

The woman next to Chris grabbed Isabella's arm, saying, "Ms. Taylor, Mr.Diaz was doing you a favor with that room key. You didn't appreciate it and even cost him his inheritance. How could he not be mad? Just let him vent. He's very skilled; you'll be satisfied."

Remembering how this woman had tricked her into drinking spiked wine,Isabella shook off her hand and stepped back. She sneered, "Mr. Diaz, you mean I need to sleep with you to make things right?"

Chris smirked, "If you serve me well, everything's negotiable. Want to stay at Johnson Group? You'll complete the project smoothly. Want to leave?Pick any position at Global Innovators Inc. Don't want to work? I can even make you Mrs.Diaz."


Isabella laughed coldly. "Mr. Diaz, you flatter me! But what if I refuse?"

"You've come to me, so don't play games," Chris grinned lewdly."But if you want to play, I'll play along."

Chris shouted to the two waitresses, "You two,come over here and grab her for me."

One waitress hesitated, but Thalia rushed over and grabbed Isabella's arm.saying, "Ms. Taylor, since you like to play hard to get,I'l indulge you."

Chris sat down, staring at Isabella like a viper.

Isabella tried to break free from Thalia's grip, and in the struggle,the shirt around her neck fell off.

Chris noticed the hickeys and said with interest, "Ms. Taylor, you've been busy! Whose bed did you end up in, and how many signatures did you get?"


He reached out to touch Isabella's neck, but she dodged and glared at him fiercely.

Chris said, "Interesting. Keep pretending. I like women like you-the more dignified off the bed, the wilder on it. Ms. Taylor, you really suit my taste."

Chris ate the breakfast his companion had brought him, enjoying Isabella's angry expression.

"Mr. Diaz, if you have Ms. Taylor, what about me?" Chris's companion asked,swaying her hips.

Chris replied, "Every woman has her own flavor. You're mine,and so is she. Your personalities are different. Life isn't perfect without each type of woman."


"Mr. Diaz,you're so right. You're practically a philosopher," the woman clapped lightly,flattering Chris.

Isabella was disgusted.

Last night's activities had left her exhausted. She tried several times to break free from Thalia's grip but failed.

"Ms. Taylor, stop wasting your energy. You're lucky to have Mr.Diaz's

favor," Thalia said sarcastically.

"Let go of me!" Isabella said sternly, "You can ask around about who I came with yesterday. I'm not someone you can afford to mess with."

Another waitress came over and whspered to Thalia, "I heard our boss came last night with a female companion. Is it her?"

Thalia laughed and said to Chris, "A small-time hot spring owner can't compare to the president of Global Innovators Inc. Mr. Diaz, if I offend our boss for you, you have to take me in!"

Chris said, "Don't worry. I'll save a spot for you in my bed."

Isabella shouted at Chris, "Mr. Diaz, aren't you afraid of offending the Johnson Group?"

"Would the Johnson Group cancel their cooperation with Global Innovators Inc. over an employee like you? Don't be naive, Ms. Taylor. I still say the same thing: serve me well, and everything will be negotiable. If you don't know what's good for you, don't blame me for forcing you." Then Chris said to his companion and Thalia, "You two, take her to my courtyard, tie her up, and give her some strong drug. I want her to beg me!"
 
###Chapter 55 He Learned the Truth

Just as Isabella was about to throw down, a familiar voice cut through the tension, "Where do you think you're taking her?"


Isabella jumped. Michael was already by her side, casually pulling her into his arms and giving Chris a cold,hard stare.

"Why are you here?" Isabella's voice had a hint of relief.


"If I didn't show up, who knows what would happen?" Michael said,trying to keep his cool. He playfully tapped her nose, not wanting to scare her with his anger.

"Who are you?" Chris looked Michael up and down, realizing he didn't know him but could tell he wasn't just some random guy.

"Her man," Michael said, like it was no big deal.

Chris had to admit, Michael had him beat in both looks and presence. No wonder Isabella wasn't interested in him; she had a better option.

Not wanting to mess with someone important, Chris forced a smile, "So she's with you! No wonder she didn't want to come with me. My bad. I'll get out of your hair."


"Hold up. Since we're all here, let's get to know each other," Michael said,pulling Isabella to sit down.

"Let's go!" Isabella tugged at Michael's hand.

"Don't worry. With me here, nothing's gonna happen," Michael reassured her. He shot a challenging look at Chris, "Who are you to harass my woman without spitting your name? You're afraid of my anger now?"

Chris was ticked off, "What's there to be afraid of? I'm Chris, President of Global Innovators Inc."

"Chris? Oh, I'm shaking in my boots! Isabella, let's bounce," Michael said sarcastically,holding Isabella as they left.

"I thought he is something special, but he doesn't dare to do squat. One sentence of mine could scare the crap out of him. See, he's running home for his mama," Chris said. pointing at Michael and mocking him.

The staff here often got taken away by big shots. Thalia thought her chance had come. She walked up to Chris and buttered him up, "Of course,
Mr.Diaz, you're so powerful. He must be scared."

Thalia's flattery worked on Chris. He pinched her cheek and said flirtatiously, "Beauty, how powerful am I? Want to find out?"

Thalia twisted her waist, slapped Chris's hand away, and simpered, "I'd love to serve Mr. Diaz, but who knows if I have the chance to catch Mr.Diaz's eye."


Chris, stirred by her coyness, tapped her nose with his finger and said,"Naughty. You want to be with me?"

Thalia playfully slapped Chris and said, "Mr. Diaz, I'm a gir1. Don't ask so bluntly!"

Chris laughed heartily. "Alright, come on. If you make me happy, I won't treat you badly."

Michael took Isabella back.

On the way, he tried hard to keep his temper in check, not wanting to scare Isabella.


When they got to their place, Michael sat in a chair and downed a large glass of water.

He tried to speak gently to Isabella, "Tell me what happened."

Isabella knew she couldn't hide this from him. She held his hand and said sweetly, "Michael, I can tell you, but don't get mad."

Seeing her reaction, Michael thought, 'This must be serious.'

He forced a smile and said, "Go ahead. I won't get angry."

With Michael's assurance, Isabella spilled the beans about Chris giving her the room key, how she and Eric set him up, and how Chris made things tough when they tried to get him to sign the papers. But she left out the part where she got drugged.

Michael listened closely, sensing something was off. He thought, 'Why did Chris let Isabella go? Why did Isabella and Olivia end up in the water?Isabella's definitely hiding something. She didn't say, and I won't push.Eric's involved; he should know more.'


Isabella noticed Michael hadn't said anything for a while and tugged at his finger, "Michael, don't be mad."

Michael realized he'd underestimated Isabella, thinking she was timid. Now,he saw she was pretty gutsy.

"How can I not be mad? You went through alI this, and I didn't even know. Who should I be mad at?" Michael asked, looking at her.

"Michael, I was wrong," Isabella said, feeling guilty. "But I didn't mean to hide it from you. I knew you'd be angry if you found out. If you acted impulsively and hit him, our project would be over."

"Is this project that important?" Michael asked, frustrated that she kept it from him for the sake of the project.

Isabella nodded seriously, "Yes, it's very important. This is a crucial step in my career. If I succeed, it'll be a big boost to my resume. Whether I get promoted at the Johnson Group or move to another company,it'll be a

plus for me."

Michael thought about how she'd been on her own since she was a kid,always trying to better herself. Even though they were married, she couldn't shake that habit. Maybe he hadn't made her feel secure enough.

Michael promised, "Don't worry. I'll make sure you complete this project.You're so ambitious; how can I hold you back?"

Isabella held his hand and said sincerely, "Michael, I'll work hard and get promoted and a raise."


Seeing her serious look, Michael felt both angry and heartbroken. He couldn't help but rub her cheek and sighed, "You dummy."

They sat together for a while lónger. Just then, Aaron called, and Michael stepped out to take it.


After explaining things to Aaron, Michael called Eric.

"Eric," Michael started, pausing for a moment.

On the other end, Eric stayed silent.

Michael continued, "Is there nothing you want to tell me?"

"You know everything," Eric said confidently.

"Details," Michael demanded. "Why did Chris let them go? I can't figure it out."


"Chris druġged Isabella, thinking she wouldn't get far. He didn't expect her to prefer soaking in cold water rather than seeking him out. I admire Isabella for that," Eric said calmly.

"You guys have some nerve, not telling me about such a big thing,"Michael said through gritted teeth.

Eric retorted,"Isabella didn't want me to tell you. I couldn't just snitch in front of her."


"We're making a move tonight. Wanna come?" Michael invited.

"No. With you there, I'm at ease," Eric said, glancing at Olivia watching TV on the couch. "Besides, the new cat at home is sick and needs care."

'As if no one else has a cat!' MichaeI thought disdainfully and hung up the phone.
 
###Chapter 56 His Fury

"Mr. Diaz, you're really in the mood!" The courtyard gate flew open, and a bunch of people barged in.


Chris was fooling around with Thalia. To keep him happy, Thalia had stripped down completely. Chris was also naked, thanks to her.

Chris looked at the newcomers, all strangers, and knew they were here to stir up trouble. He tried to be nice, "Hey folks, this is my private spot. How about you head to another hot spring pool? I'll cover the cost."

"Mr. Diaz," the leader, David Jones, took off his sunglasses and sneered, "Oh, that's really gross."

He quickly put his sunglasses back on and continued, "Mr. Diaz, we're here to ask you to find a better spot. The water here is too hot,making people cranky."

"No need. I'm quite comfy here," Chris played dumb and refused.

"Mr. Diaz, this is getting pointless. We don't want to make things hard for you. We're trying to save your dignity. But if you don't cooperate,don't blame us for being rude," David said coldly.

Thalia clung to Chris's arm, acting all scared. "Mr. Diaz, look at them, they're so scary!"

"Who are you people?" Chris shouted, "If you don't leave, I'll call the cops."

"What have we done?" David spread his hands innocently and said,"Mr.
Diaz, we're just asking you to change places, and you want to call the cops?
Fine! Go ahead, call the cops!"

As he spoke, he handed his phone to Chris.

Chris didn't dare take it! He had no choice but to say, "I'Il go with you."

Chris reluctantly got up and dressed, taking forever to fasten his belt, his eyes darting around, ready to bolt.

David had already noticed his intentions but pretended not to see.

After a failed escape attempt, Chris was stripped down to just his underwear.

"You can't do this to me. This is a crime," Chris shouted.

"Oh, a crime? Go ahead, Mr. Diaz, report us. Do you have any evidence?"David mocked and then ordered him,"Shut him up with his own sock."

Chris hesitated, and two burly men stepped forward. One pinched his mouth open, and the other disdainfully picked up a sock from the ground and stuffed it into Chris's mouth.

David, losing interest, waved dismissively and asked his guys to throw Chris into a beat-up car and take him down the hill.

The car stopped shortly after.

Chris was thrown to the ground. He recognized the familiar scenery; it was outside the villa where he held parties.

Chris finally understood and asked, "Are you Isabella's people?"

"It's cold. Have a drink, Mr. Diaz," a familiar voice came through. Then Chris saw a tall man walking through the crowd; it was Isabella's man.Michael.

Following Michael's words, David immediately forced a drink on Chris.

"What did you make me drink?" Chris asked.

"Nothing, just something you like," Michael said indifferently.

"Aren't you afraid I'll ruin Isabella's project?" Chris threatened.

"I'm afraid, so I've decided to replace you," Michael said nonchalantly.

"What do you mean?" Chris asked, confused.

Michael gestured, and Aaron stepped forward, handing Chris a stack of documents.


Chris took the documents and saw they were about the acquisition of Globa1 Innovators Inc.

Just then, the drug kicked in, and Chris was in agony, begging on his knees.


"Go cool off in the water!" Michael said coldly, "Then I'll think about sparing you."

Hearing this, Chris scrambled into the creek.

Aaron told David, "Keep an eye on him, and don't let him die."

When Michael got back to the hot spring courtyard, Isabella was still asleep.

He stripped down, his body chilled, and lay down beside her.

"Where did you go? You're so cold!" Isabella turned over and snuggled up

to Michael, warming his icy body.

Afraid of chilling her, Michael tried to push her away but found she clung to him like an octopus, and he couldn't pry her off. She had already fallen asleep.

Michael smiled helplessly, thinking, 'Oh well, it won't take long to warm up.

In the morning, Isabella woke up naturally.

She dreamed of holding abig furnace, unable to let go, sweating all over.

However, her cold symptoms were gone, and she felt refreshed and much better.


She saw a message from Olivia on her phone, complaining about how awful her cold was.


Isabella quickly called Olivia back.

The moment she answered the phone, Olivia complained,"Isabella,you don't know how miserable I am. My eyes are tearing, and my nose is stuffy.My throat hurts, and my whole body feels like it's been beaten.Are you okay?"


"I'm fine. Mr. Johnson took me to the hot springs, so I'm perfectly fine,"Isabella felt a bit guilty hearing how bad Olivia was while she was perfectly fine.


"Isabella, what are you doing? Showing off how loving you and Michael are early in the morning?" Olivia wailed on the phone, "I want to get married too. I want my husband to take me to the hot springs. My husband, where are you? I'm waiting for you so desperately."

Isabella on the other end of the line was amused by Olivia.

In the kitchen, Eric, who was cooking for Olivia, was so startled that he dropped the pot lid.

"Olivia, what's that noise?" Isabella, thinking Olivia was alone in the dorm,felt uneasy.

"Nothing. I just knocked something over by accident. Seriously," Olivia stammered.

"Be careful. Olivia. I should have gone with you so we could look after each other," Isabella said guiltily.

"Isabella, are you out of your mind? Leaving a big villa with servants to squeeze into this crappy dorm with me?" Olivia perfectly echoed Eric's words to Isabella.


Eric, having calmed down, walked out of the kitchen and said to Olivia,who was sprawling out on the couch, "Wash your hands and get ready to eat."


Isabella was startled, asking, "Olivia, is there someone else in the dorm?"

Olivia glared at Eric and quickly explained on the phone, "No, Isabella,don't overthink it. It's just the TV."

Then Olivia hung up the phone.

The more Isabella thought about it, the more something felt off. She thought, 'There is no TV in the dorm! And why was Olivia so nervous?That voice sounded so familiar.'

On the other end, Olivia hung up the phone and shouted at Eric, "I was on the phone. Why did you have to talk?"

Eric replied, "Why can't I talk?"

"Your talking will make Isabella misunderstand," Olivia said angrily.

"You're sick, and I kindly brought you to my place to take care of you.There's nothing improper between us, so why worry about misunderstandings? Or do you think there is and you're afraid of getting caught?" Eric stared into Olivia's eyes, gradually closing in, questioning her.

"Let's eat first. I'll make you coffee when we get to work," Olivia said and fled under Eric's intense gaze.
 
###Chapter 57 He Doesn't Like Men

Michael took Isabella out for breakfast.

At the restaurant. Thalia was gone, replaced by a new face who greeted them warmly, "Welcome, Sir, Ma'am. Today we have a new vegetable pancake made with veggies from our own garden. Want to give it a try?"

Isabella smiled and nodded, grabbing two pancakes. Without any sarcastic folks around, she felt way better.

As they ate, Isabella and Michael chatted about the hot springs design.

Isabella said, "Mr. Johnson, the person who designed Maple Hill Hot Springs is amazing. They perfectly integrated the building with the mountain. It's so unique."

She suddenly realized it might be awkward to praise someone else in front of Michael, so she stopped.

Michael looked at her with a smug grin and said, "Go on, don't stop now."

"Wait... was it you?" Isabella felt like she had figured it out.

Michael nodded. "I did it for fun. If you like it, it's yours."

Isabella was still in shock when Michael picked up the phone and called Aaron, asking him to handle the transfer of Maple Hill Hot Springs.

After breakfast, Jerry came to pick them up and take them back to Silvercrest City.

On the way, Isabella discussed the hot springs with Michael. She thought he was being too hasty, but Michael didn't bother to explain and just kissed her mid-sentence.

When she was breathless and her heart was racing, he pinched her cheek

and said, "We're legally married. No need to split hairs over what's yours and mine."
Isabella let it go.

Michael thought Isabella lacked a sense of security and always planned for contingencies. So, he decided to pave the way for her,step by step.
Outside the car window, they saw someone in a Maple Hill Hot Springs uniform walking along the mountain road.
Isabella thought the person looked familiar. As they got closer,she realized it was Thalia, the waitress who had helped Chris in the restaurant.
Isabella closed her eyes and pretended not to see. Sometimes, you didn't need to be too kind; everyone had their own path.
Michael noticed and thought Isabella seemed to have gotten smarter.

Michael dropped Isabella off at the branch office.

As soon as Isabella arrived, Olivia ran over, "Isabella, you just came back from Maple Hill,right? Did you hear about someone who almost froze to death in the creek last night? A passerby saw him early in the morning and called for emergency help."

Isabella was preoccupied with the man she overheard during her last call with Olivia and kept pressing for details.

Olivia,feeling she had nothing to hide, calmly said, "Oh, that person was Mr. Allen. He was worried I might die in the dorm, so he took me to his place and took care of me for two days."

Isabella thought, 'How come I never realized Mr. Allen is such a helpful person?

After dropping Isabella off, Michael took Aaron straight to the

headquarters.

Jeremy was startled when he opened his office door and saw Michael behind his desk. He teased, "Wow, this is rare! What brings you here?"
"I have a good project for you to expand the company's business channels,"Michael said and signaled to Aaron, who quickly handed the proposal to Jeremy.
Jeremy flipped through it and said, "This has nothing to do with our company's business. We don't need this kind of project."
"Alright then! Since you don't want it, Aaron, go ahead and acquire Global Innovators Inc for me. With all these companies being bought up, Aaron can't handle it all alone. Looks like I won't be coming back to the Johnson Group." Michael shook his head and sighed.
Jeremy was freaked out. He couldn't handle the pressure and quickly caved,saying, "Fine, I'll take it. But I need to talk to Qiana first. You know,it's a big expense, and I can't just explain it to the board."

"Tell Qiana it's my idea. The proposal's ready, and I want results fast."Michael stood up and told Aaron, "Aaron, stay here and help Mr. Wright get the acquisition done today."
With that, he walked out without looking back.

Jeremy glanced at Aaron in the office. Aaron wasn't there to help; he was there to make sure Jeremy didn't slack off.

Jeremy quietly asked Aaron, "Do you know why Mr. Johnson is so set on acquiring Global Innovators Inc?"

Aaron gave him a look like he was an idiot and said, "You know I can't tell you."

"We're just chatting. I'm worried you'll get sick from keeping all these secrets. Wouldn't that be uncomfortable? You wouldn't want to say it yourself, so I have to ask." Jeremy said.

"Thanks for your concern, Mr. Wright." Aáron stayed calm.

Jeremy, frustrated, pointed at Aaron and shouted, "You're just blindly loyal to Mr. Johnson! If he loses his inheritance rights, you'll both be crying!"
With that, he took the acquisition proposal to find Qiana.

"Why does Michael insist on acquiring this company?" Qiana asked.

"I don't know! Michael won't say, and I can't get anything out of Aaron."Jeremy said helplessly.

Qiana glared at him, picked up the phone, and asked someone to check what had happened recently at Global Innovators Inc.

The investigation revealed that the president of Global Innovators Inc,Chris, had gone nuts at Maple Hill Resort and jumped into the creek.

Jeremy sighed, "Chris must have pissed someone off and got messed up."

"The branch office recently signed a deal with Global Innovators Inc,and Eric had a conflict with Chris during the contract signing," Qiana said.

"Michael is doing this to get back at Chris for Eric?" Jeremy suddenly felt like he had figured out something big.

Qiana closed her eyes, resisting the urge to hit Jeremy, and took a deep breath. "Michael also went to Maple Hill Hot Springs."

"With Eric?" Jeremy blurted out.

Qiana finally lost her patience and threw the mouse on her desk at him.

Jeremy caught it and put it back on the desk.

Without the thud of the mouse hitting the ground to vent her anger,Qiana only felt worse. She grabbed a glass and threw it at Jeremy.

Only when the glass shattered at Jeremy's feet, and she heard the crisp sound of breaking, did Qiana feel a bit better.

"Michael went with a woman to Maple Hill Hot Springs, and this woman is in Eric's department. She also went to the orphanage in the mountains.
So, do you get it now?" Qiana gritted her teeth as she spoke to Jeremy.

"How could Michael do this?" Jeremy exclaimed. "How could he be dating Eric and then cheat with Eric's subordinate?"

Qiana was completely speechless. With Jeremy's intelligence and emotional quotient, it was no wonder he couldn't find a girlfriend. Only she didn't mind and kept him around.

Using her last bit of patience, Qiana explained to Jeremy, "Michael never liked men. The person he's been with has always been this woman, and I found out her name is Isabella."
 	小J
###Chapter 58 Olivia's Gift 1

Qiana finally broke it down for Jeremy: Michael was into women,not men.She gave him a stern look and said, "Don't be dumb and spill the beans about Isabella."

Jeremy,looking al serious, promised, "I swear on my love for you, I won't say a word to Michael."

Qiana let out a sigh. At least Jeremy had that going for him.

"So, what's the plan with Global Innovators Inc.?" Jeremy asked,clearly worried about Aaron at the office.

"Let him handle it. The company's gonna be his someday anyway. No point sweating the small stuff. Let the company pay for his assistant to deal with it. I just can't stand his arrogance every day," Qiana said,rubbing her temples. Dealing with a brother like Michael was seriously aging her!


With Qiana's orders, Jeremy headed back to his office to find Aaron.

For Qiana, knowing Michael wasn't into guys was a relief. She quickly called Wesley to share the news.


Even though Wesley had said it was fine as long as Michael didn't bring her home, Qiana, the concerned big sister as she always had been, still wanted to secretly check out Isabella.

At the branch office.

Isabella and Olivia were getting their stuff together to head to Global Innovators Inc. for Chris's signature.

Based on past experience, they went to Eric first to check in.

"No need to go. Global Innovators Inc. already signed and sent it over,"

Eric told them.

"Why the sudden change of heart?" Olivia asked, confused.

Eric gave Isabella a knowing look and said, "Chris is in the hospital, and all the work's been handed over to Mr. Wilder Diaz. He values our partnership, so things will be smoother from now on."
Just like Eric said, their work got a lot easier.

Any issues were sorted out over the phone, and if that didn't work, Global Innovators Inc. would send someone over to handle it, cutting down their workload big time.
Isabella didn't have to work overtime anymore and felt more relaxed than she had in ages.
Olivia suggested they go shopping after work.

Isabella called Michael to ask for some time off, "Mr. Johnson, I don't need to work overtime today. I want to go shopping with Olivia."
"It's your first time not working overtime, and you don't think of me?"Michael said, sounding all pitiful over the phone, which shocked Aaron,who was standing next to him, giving an update on the acquisition.

"Michael, Olivia and I haven't gone shopping in forever.The weather's great, I'm in a good mood, and the timing's perfect. Please let us go!"Isabella pleaded. When Michael didn't respond right away, she promised, "My work with Global Innovators Inc. is going smoother, so I probably won't need to work overtime anymore. I can come home early every day to be with you,Michael."

"Alright, you two go ahead. Be safe, and come home early.If you need a ride,call me," Michael instructed.

Their phone chat was so sweet that Olivia felt a bit guilty for taking up Isabella's time.
She suddenly remembered that time at the orphanage when Michael switched rooms with her, and she had wanted to thank him properly. So,she decided to get him a big gift.
Olivia said she wanted to buy some lingerie, and the two headed straight to the lingerie section of the mall.
Olivia was shopping like there was no tomorrow.

Isabella tried to talk some sense into her, saying, "Olivia, maybe you should slow down a bit."
But Olivia just laughed it off. "Isabella, I'm on cloud nine. Our first solo project is about to be a hit, and I feel like money's just gonna start rolling in."

Olivia wrapped up her shopping spree in under half an hour and was ready to head home.

They shared a cab back. After dropping Isabella off, Olivia handed her two bags before hopping out.

"One's a wedding gift for you, and the other's a thank-you gift for Michael for switching rooms with me," Olivia said, then had the driver take off.

When Isabella got home, Michael wasn't back yet.

Isabella took a bath, changed clothes, and remembered the two bags Olivia had given her.

She took them to the bedroom and sat on the bed to check them out.

Olivia's wedding gift was a set of nightgown, with intricate embroidery on a red base. The fabric felt smooth and comfy, clearly top-notch.

Before she could take a closer look, Olivia's video call came through."Isabella, do you like the gift I gave you?"
Isabella still had the nightgown in her hand. She held them up to the camera and said, "Olivia, they're gorgeous! When did you get these? We shopped together, and I didn't see them."
"I'm glad you like them. I had them custom-made just for you. Aren't they stunning?" Olivia said proudly.
"Thank you, Olivia," Isabella said sincerely.

Olivia suddenly had an idea, saying, "Isabella, try them on for me!"

Before Isabella could respond, Olivia continued, "Isabella, you can't say no.Do you know how long I thought about what to get you for your wedding?I started planning before your wedding, rejected so many ideas, and finally settled on the nightgown. I looked at tons of designs before picking a few styles I liked, combined them, and had them custom-made. If you don't try them on for me, they mnight just stay in your fancy closet forever,never seeing the light of day."

To save her ears, Isabella quickly agreed,"Alright, I'll try them on for you."

A few minutes later, Isabella appeared on camera wearing the nightgown.Olivia whistled playfully and exaggeratedly said, "Wow, where does this beauty come from?"

Isabella was already stunning, and the nightgown made her look even more alluring. Calling her a beauty was no exaggeration.

The nightgown was not only beautiful but also super comfy. The silky fabric felt smooth and soft against her skin.

They chatted happily, and Isabella forgot to change out of the nightgown.

When Michael walked into the bedroom, he saw Isabella lying on the bed,wrapped in a red robe. The soft fabric clung to her skin, outlining her enticing curves, with her delicate skin faintly visible under the bright crystal light. Michael couldn't help but swallow.
Isabella,wearing headphones, didn't notice Michael and continued chatting animatedly on her tablet.
Jealousy surged in Michael's heart. He thought. Who is she chatting with.dressed so seductively?
 
###Chapter 59 Olivia's Gift 2

Michael glanced at the tablet on the bed before locking eyes with Isabella.He strode over to her.
Isabella didn't notice himn until he,was right next to the bed. She quickly scrambled up.
"Mr. Johnson, you're back," she stammered, feeling awkward in her nightgown. She stood there,flustered and unsure.
A flicker of heat flashed in Michael's eyes. He squinted slightly and interrupted her with his deep, magnetic voice, "Who are you video chatting with?"

"Michael, it's me!" Olivia's voice came through the screen. She'd seen Michael's figure and heard his voice, so she quickly spoke up to avoid any misunderstanding.
Michael nodded at Olivia.

"Michael, to thank you for swapping rooms with me, I got you a little gift.I gave it to Isabella to give to you. Goodbye," Olivia said quickly before hanging up.
Michael pulled Isabella into a tight embrace and whispered in her ear,"Isabella,you scared me. I thought you..."

"Thought I was chatting with another man?" Isabella snapped, hitting him with her fists.

Michael quickly apologized. No one knew how terrified he was that one day Isabella would leave him after learning the truth.

Isabella suddenly remembered the thank-you gift Olivia had mentioned.She ran to the closet to get it for Michael.

When Michael saw what it was, his expression was priceless. He looked at Isabella,sometimes smiling, sometimes teasing, sometimes helpless.Curious, Isabella leaned over to see what Olivia had given.

When she saw it, she quickly shoved it back in the bag and tossed it away,silently cursing Olivia for her weird sense of humor.

Michael picked up the bag, walked behind her, and embraced her. He kissed her exposed neck, untying the straps of her nightgown with one hand. The clothes fell to the floor. With his other hand, he pulled out the blush-inducing outfit from the bag and dressed her in it.

The seductive black lace, with a hollowed-out butterfly on the upper body,lay on Isabella's chest. The wings moved with her breath, as if alive. The lower part was an irregular floral design, with petals wrapping around her long legs, revealing glimpses of skin as she moved.

Michael brought Isabella to the mirror, lifted her chin, and made her look at their reflection. In the mirror, Isabella looked shy and bashful, her eyes still as a pool of water, her cheeks flushed, and her small red lips slightly parted from rapid breathing, as if inviting Michael.

Michael, standing behind her, kissed her neck, exposed shoulders,and back. One hand kneaded her round breasts, teasing her, while the other hand ventured between her legs,acting wantonly.

Isabella looked at herself in the mirror, her eyes blurred, her body limp and weak, leaning back against Michael,moaning softly.

Michael's large hand gripped Isabella's waist. She leaned forward, resting against the mirror. Michael thrust his hips, and they became deeply intertwined.


In the throes of passion, Michael pounded into Isabella, murmuring,"Isabella, no matter what happens, don't leave me."

Isabella was leaning against the mirror, and in Michael's frenzy, the butterfly wings were torn in half, and the dark flowers were ruined.
Isabella woke up late again. She didn't even have time for breakfast.Michael dropped her off at the branch office just in time for her to clock in.
As soon as she clocked in, Olivia rushed over. "Isabella, you're finally here.You know what? Big news."
Isabella had wanted to confront Olivia about the thank-you gift that had gotten her into trouble, but hearing about the big news, she put that aside.
"Global Innovators Inc was acquired," Olívia dropped a bombshell.

"Are we still continuing with our project?" Isabella asked,worried.

"We are, but it doesn't really matter anymore," Olivia said. "The company that acquired Global Innovators Inc is our parent company."
What a shocker!

Their imminent promotions and raises had vanished into thin air.

Even if the project succeeded, its value would be greatly diminished.

Isabella couldn't believe it. "No way! Why would the company acquire Global Innovators Inc? The two companies seem completely unrelated.Could it be that the company is just trying to expand its business scope?"

"I heard Mr. Johnson specifically requested the acquisition. He must have his eye on that business! Oh my God! Couldn't he have waited until we finished our project?" Olivia wailed.

Vaughn was more upset than them. In fact, he was the most upset of all.

In the general manager's office, papers were strewn everywhere. Vaughn was trembling with anger, shouting, "They're deliberately making things

difficult for me! I finally completed a project, and they go and acquire the partner company. They're doing this on purpose. It's just too much!"

His secretary tried to console him, "Mr. Vaughn Johnson, don't overthink it.I heard Mr. Michael Johnson acquired it for Eric.".

Vaughn retorted, "That's just a rumor! Michael has nothing to do with Eric.I know better than anyone that Michael likes women. It's just the people at headquarters who don't like me. They're afraid I'll become too powerful and are doing everything they can to stop me."

"What are you going to do next?" his secretary asked,concerned.

"Now that they acquire local companies at will, I'll go find companies elsewhere. There are so many companies; I don't believe they can acquire them all."


Vaughn paused for a moment and then told his secretary, "Go get Isabella."

The secretary went to call Isabella. By the time she entered, Vaughn had already come up with a plan.

"Isabella, you don't need to follow any projects from now on. Hand them over to Olivía," Vaughn said. "You need to come on a business trip with me."


"Mr. Johnson, can we not go on a business trip?" Isabella asked.

"Are you afraid that your husband won't agree? Isabella, let me tell you,you can't spoil a man too much. You married him; you didn't sell yourself to him. If he controls even this, how can you work?" Vaughn said.

Talking about Isabella's husband made him angry. If he had the chance,he would definitely persuade Isabella to get a divorce!

Isabella had nothing to say and walked out of the general manager's office,

feeling downcast.
 
###Chapter 60 The Enthusiastic Beautiful Wónan

Isabella was feeling pretty down all the way until her shift ended.

She had no clue how to break the news about the business trip to Michael.

Michael was super sensitive, and she was worried he'd overthinkit since she was going with Vaughn.

She mulled it over all day but still couldn't figure out what to do.

After work,Isabella headed downstairs and didn't see the usual black business car. Instead, she got a call from Michael. "Isabella, Grandpa's not feeling well, so I'm heading back to the Johnson Villa. I called Robert, and he'll come to pick you up. Just hang tight for a bit."

"Okay. Don't worry about me. Go check on Grandpa and drive safe,"Isabella said.

She waited in the garden downstairs for a while, but Robert still hadn't shown up. Just as she was about to call him, her phone rang.

"Mrs. Johnson, our car got rear-ended on the way, and we're dealing with it now. It'll take me about half an hour to get there. Please wait for me at the office," Robert said.

"Robert, no rush. I can just grab a cab home," Isabella replied.

"That won't do, Mrs. Johnson. If I don't pick you up, Mr. Johnson will be upset," Robert insisted.

"It's fine, Robert. We just won't tell Mr. Johnson. I'll take a cab home, and that's that!" Isabella said firmly.

She walked to the roadside to hail a cab.

A white sports car pulled up beside her.

The window rolled down, revealing a stunningly beautiful woman.

"Ms. Taylor, where are you headed? I'll give you a ride," Qiana offered.

"You are..." Isabella found her familiar but couldn't place her.

"Don't you remember me? I got lost in your company, and you helped me out," Qiana reminded her.

"Oh, right. I remember now," Isabella said, blushing a bit.

"Have you hailed a cab yet, Ms. Taylor?" Qiana asked.

"It's tough to get a cab at this time. I'll wait a bit longer," Isabella replied.

Qiana suggested, "Let me give you a ride. You helped me last time,so let me return the favor."

"No need. I'll wait a bit longer; I'm not in a hurry to get home," Isabella said, not wanting to interact more with a stranger.

"Are you worried I'm going to hurt you or something? Don't worry.Our companies have business dealings, so we'll be seeing each other often. You don't need to be afraid of me," Qiana said, reading Isabella's mind.

Seeing that her little thoughts were exposed, Isabella didn't insist further and got into Qiana's car.

However,she didn't sit in the front passenger seat but apologized to Qiana and sat in the back.

"Thank you," Isabella said, feeling a bit embarrassed for troubling Qiana.

Qiana said, "No problem. It's a quick drive. Ms. Taylor, where do you live?"

Isabella gave her address, and Qiana smiled meaningfully.

Isabella was worried Qiana would find it too far and feel bad, so she offered,"I live a bit out of the way, so... you don't need to feel bad; I can take a cab home."


"Ms. Taylor, what a coincidence! I live there too," Qiana said.

"Really?" Isabella was surprised. Not many people could afford a vlla in Silvercrest City.

"Yes. Ms. Taylor, you're so young and already own a villa here. That's impressive," Qiana praised.

"The villa belongs to my... husband," Isabella said, still feeling a bit shy about mentioning Michael in frónt of others.

"Ms. Taylor, you look so young. How come you're already married?" Qiana asked,surprised.

"I got married for my grandmother. She was seriously ill and wanted to see me married," Isabella explained.

"So,you and your husband aren't really married?" Qiana asked,even more surprised.

Isabella replied, "We are really married. Before the wedding, my original fiancé cheated on me, and I had no choice but to marry my husband.I owe him for that."

Qiana said, "It's a blessing you didn't marry that scoundrel. How's your current husband?"

At the thought of Michael, Isabella's eyes lit up. Qiana saw this through the rearview mirror and smiled.

Isabella said, "My husband is great, very gentle, and attentive. He treats me

very well. He usually picks me up from work every day, but he didn't come today because his grandpa is sick."

"Ms. Taylor, aren't you going to visit him?" Qiana suggested.

"His family doesn't know about me yet," Isabella sighed helplessly.

"Oh?" Qiana was puzzled.

Isabella explained, "At first, he didn't want his family to know about me.
Later,he wanted to introduce me to them, but I'm afraid..."

"Afraid his family wouldn't accept you?" Qiana asked.

Isabella nodded.

"You're such a silly girl," Qiana shook her head and sighed, continuing to ask. "Aren't you afraid he's deceiving you?"

Isabella shook her head and said, "I have nothing to be deceived about. I have no money, no looks. He helped me when I was at my lowest. I owe him. If he ever wants to leave me, I won't make a fuss."

"You've fallen for him, haven't you?" Qiana asked confidently.

Isabella didn't deny it, "Maybe. He's the best person to me in this world.besides my grandmother."

The car quickly drove into the villa area, and under Isabella's guidance,Qiana parked at the entrance.

"Thank you. Come in and have a cup of tea," Isabella invited.

Qiana declined, "No need. I've enjoyed our chat. I quite like you. I live in the third house ahead. You can visit me when you have time. Here's my number; you can call me."

Isabella noted it down, feeling warm inside. It felt good to be cared for.

"How should I addressyou?" Isabella suddenly realized she didn't know Qiana's name.

"You can call me Qiana," Qiana made a beautiful turn with her car, waved at Isabella, and shouted, "Don't forget to call me."

Isabella nodded, watching Qiana drive to the third house ahead before entering her own home.


That evening, wvhen Michael returned home, Robert told him about the car accident and how he couldn't pick her up.

Michael asked, "How did you get home?"

"A beautiful woman gave me a ride," Isabella said. "By the way,Michael,she said she lives ín our neighborhood. Should I bring her something to thank her?"


"She lives in this neighborhood? What's her name? How did you meet?"Michael asked a series of questions.

Isabella replied, "She told me to call her Qiana. She said she lives in the third house ahead. We met at the company; she got lost, and I helped her out. I didn't expect to run into her again today. It was quite a coincidence."

"Your meeting was indeed quite a coincidence," Michael said with a cold smile.


"By the way, Michael, Qiana gave me her number. Look," Isabella showed her phone to Michael and said, "Qiana also said not to forget to call her.She's really enthusiastic!"
 
###Chapter 61 She's Not Someone You Can Af f ord to Mess With

Michael glanced at the familiar number on Isabella's phone and let out a sigh. Qiana had finally figured it out.

"Isabella, are you into the design of Maple Hill Hot Springs? Wanna check out my drawings?" Michael asked.

"Really? Can I?" Isabella's eyes lit up with excitement.

Michael took her hand and led her to his study. He booted up his computer and pulled up a folder. "This folder's got all the info on Maple Hill Hot Springs. Start with these. I've got some hand-drawn sketches too;I'll grab them for you."

He climbed a ladder and pulled down a semi-transparent storage box from the top shelf, packed with pencil sketches of landscapes.

"Take your time with these, Isabella. A friend's coming over, so I gotta step out for a bit. If you get tired, just crash; no need to wait up for me,"Michael told her.

"Okay, Michael. Dón't forget your coat; it's chilly out," Isabella reminded him,squeezing his hand.

"Got it!" Michael gave her a quick kiss and headed out.

He made his way to the third villa up front.

The door was open, so he walked right in.

Qiana was in the living room, sipping tea and waiting for him.

"Wow, you got here faster than I thought! Looks like Ms. Taylor doesn't keep any secrets from you," Qiana teased.

"Of course not. Isabella's my girl; she tells me everything," Michael said,puffing up a bit.

"Your girl? Isabella's a sweet, hardworking girl, and you've messed her up," Qiana snapped,glaring at him.

Michael got defensive. "What's that supposed to mean, Qiana? When I dated a model, you all said Stella's job was inappropriate and she was too loose. Now I'm with a simple girl like Isabella, and you say I'm ruining her. What kind of woman would make you happy? Or do you want me to end up alone or with a guy just to please you?"

Qiana's face turned red with anger. She stood up, pointing at him."Michael, do you have any idea what you're saying? Are you blaming us for you not being married? Grandpa and I just want you to be happy!"

Her eyes welled up with tears.

"Qiana, I'm sorry." Michael looked down, realizing he'd gone too far. He knew she meant well but just saw things differently. He poured her a cup of tea.


Qiana took the tea, downed it in one gulp, and then raised her hand to slap him, but it landed softly.

"I knew you wouldn't really hit me," Michael said, giving her a small smile.

Qiana sighed. "We're siblings, the closest people in the world. Of course, I want the best for you. I'm happy with Isabella as your wife. She grew up without a mother, her dad Aiden ignored her,and her stepmom Sophia didn't care for her. She and her grandma Ella had to rely on each other.She worked hard to get into Crestwood College. You know how tough that was. She changed her life through her own efforts. You shouldn't have rushed into things with such an amazing girl. If you can't be responsible
ou'll end up hurting her."

"You've done your homework," Michael said. "Then you should know Stella's the one cheating with John, the guy who wronged Isabella."

Qiana sighed. "Yeah, I know. Stella was bound to cheat sooner or later.But Michael, you shouldn't drag Isabella into this mess just to get back at John and Stella."

"Qiana, you said you're happy with her as my wife. Now that we're together, what's the problem?" Michael asked,exasperated.

Qiana replied, "I'm happy with her, and you're lucky to have her. What I'm not happy with is you. You got with her out of spite to get back at Stella. That's not fair to Isabella. Even if she has her reasons for marrying you, she's devoted to you right now. You haven't introduced her to me or Grandpa, and you haven't made your relationship public. Isn't that because you want an easy out later? Michael, how is that any different from being a jerk?"

Michael was at a loss for words. "Who said I want to break up with her?"

Qiana said, "I asked her, and she said you have the final say about the marriage. If you tell her you want a divorce, she'll leave immediately.Isabella is devoted to you. If you don't plan to spend your life with her,you should break up sooner rather than later. The longer you wait,the more you'll hurt her."

Michael was taken aback. "Qiana,are you saying she likes me?"

Qiana nodded. "When she talks about you, there's a light in her eyes. She also said you're the best person to her besides Ella."

"I'm leaving, Qiana. Good night," Michael said abruptly.

"Think about wwhat I said," Qiana reminded him as he left.

"Qiana, I like her more than you think," Michael said.

Leaving Qiana's villa, Michael quickly headed back home.

He gently pushed open the study door and found Isabella asleep at the desk.


The computer had gone into screensaver mode, and Isabella was still holding a pen. The notebook beside her was filled with notes.

Michael picked it up andflipped through it. In Isabella's neat handwriting,she had written down her thoughts and insights, even howw she would design it if given the chance.

"Isabella, you really took this seriously," Michael murmured.

He bent down and gently picked her up. The sudden lift made Isabella instinctively wrap her arms around Michael's neck.

"Sweetie, let's go to bed," Michael whispered in her ear, trying not to wake her.

Isabella murmured softly,leaned against Michael's chest, and fell back into a deep sleep.

Michael laid her on the bed and looked at her sleeping face. Her long eyelashes were like little brushes, her skin rosy and smooth like rose petals,and her slightly pouted red lips seemed to invite him to kiss them.

On the spur of the moment, Michael leaned down and kissed her gently.He stopped only when he felt he couldn't control himself any longer. He lay down beside her, held her in his arms, and they fell asleep together.
 
###Chapter 62 She Said My Husband Is Her Bab

In the morning, Michael dropped Isabella off at work.

Just as Jerry parked the car, Isabella was about to hop out, but Michael grabbed her wrist. She turned back, and he gave her this innocent look.

"What's up?" Isabella asked, thinking he had something to say.


"Isabella, you're just gonna leave like that?" Michael asked.

Isabella thought she might've missed something, so she pulled down the mirror to check. But her makeup was fine.

"I'm heading out. See you tonight!" Isabella said, waving goodbye to Michael.


Michael held onto her hand, not letting go. "Isabella, did you forget something?"

Isabella looked down and rummaged through her bag. Phone, keys,everything was there. She reassured him, "It's all good. No overtime today.I'll be back as soon as Iget off work."

Then she leaned in and gave Michael a gentle kiss. He held the back of her head and deepened the kiss.

It wasn't until Isabella was out of breath that Michael let her go. He looked at her full red lips, totally satisfied. He personally opened the car door for her to let her get in.

Michael watched Isabella walk into the office building and was about to get back in the car.

"Michael,is that really you?" Vaughn exclaimed, surprised.

"Why are you just getting to work?" Michael complained, thinking Vaughn

was slacking off. As the general manager, Vaughn was arriving later than the employees.

Vaughn thought Michael was criticizing him for not beingdiligent enough and quickly explained, "Michael, after learning that Global Innovators Inc was acquired by our headquarters, I found several similar companies nationwide last night. We can discuss potential partnerships with them."

"Okay," Michael responded indifferently. "Handle the branch office matters as you see fit."

Vaughn said, "Michael, no matter how the board treats me, I'll work hard to manage the branch well and not let you down."

Michael nodded and drove away.

Vaughn felt reinvigorated, suddenly full of energy.

He wanted to secure more partnerships so that by the end of the year,the branch's performance would be excellent. HIe wanted to show the board and Michael that he hadn't let Michael down.

As soon as he got to the office, Vaughn called Isabella in for a talk.

Isabella knocked and entered, asking, "Mr. Johnson, what can I do for you?
11

Vaughn sat in his chair without looking up and ordered, "Pack your things.This afternoon, you're going with me to Evergreen Valley for business."

"So soon?" Isabella hadn't expected to go on a business trip so quickly.

Vaughn said,"Business is like a battlefield; the sooner, the better. I've already booked the tickets. The flight is at 2 PM, and we'll leave at 1."

"But you told me there was a possibility of going out of town. I haven't prepared anything," Isabella said anxiously.

"What's there to prepare? Just bring a few changes of clothes. You don't even need to bring anything; just go. It's not like we're going for ten days or half a month," Vaughn said impatiently.

"I haven't told my husband yet," Isabella árgued softly.

Vaughn said, "Isabella, I've told you before, you married him, but you didn't sell yourself to him. He doesn't let you work overtime and go on business trips. Why does he let you work at all? He might as well have you stay home as a full-time housewife. Men these days can't support their wives but still want them to revolve around them. No wonder companies prefer to hire unmarried people who can fully commit to their work, unlike you, going on a business trip and telling me all this. If you want to do this job, do it. If not, go to HR and resign!"

Hearing the word "resign," Isabella was startled and immediately apologized to Vaughn, "I'm sorry, Mr. Johnson. I'll go pack my things and get ready to go with you."

Isabella ducked into the restroom to call Michael.

"Hello..." Isabella started,but a voice on the other end cut her off.

"Who are you? What do you want with my baby?" The girl's voice was super cute.


"Is this Michael's phone?" Isabella asked, clearly annoyed.

"Yeah, my baby is Michael! Who are you? The caller ID says... Bunny.Who has a name like that?" Lucy Kim replied.

"Baby? How could he be your baby? Are you kidding me?" Isabella said,getting angry.

"Why can't he be my baby? If he wasn't my baby, why would his phone be with me?" Lucy said,sounding all proud.

"Lucy, you're fiddling with my phone again! Put it down!" Isabella recognized Michael's voice.


Lucy whined, "Baby, you're scolding me again. Can't you be nice?"

"Tve told you a million times, don't touch my stuff!" MichaeI's voice again.Lucy called him baby, and he didn't deny it.

Isabella thought, 'Lucy called him baby, and he didn't deny it. He has a girlfriend. Should I just step aside? But why does this hurt so much?'

Isabella's mind went blank. She didn't know how long she stayed in the restroom. When someone else came in, she realized she was already in tears.

She quickly washed her face, pulled herself together, and went back to the office to hand over her work to Olivia.

Olivia noticed something was off and asked, "Isabella, you okay?"

Isabella said gloomily, "I'm fine, just got hit with a sudden business trip.It's annoying."

Olivia hugged her and said, "I get it. If I got hit with a sudden trip, I'd be annoyed too."

Isabella leaned on Olivia's shoulder and said softly, "Olivia, you're the best."

Isabella thought, 'Friendship is solid. It doesn't bring the crazy drama like love, which just makes me anxious.'

She was startled by her own thoughts. 'Is my feeling for Michael love? I always thought if he found someone he liked, I'd step aside. But now why does my heart hurt so much?

Olivia sensed something was up and thought Isabella was just upset about the trip. Olivia ašked, "Isabella, do you want to talk to Mr. Allen and ask

him to go instead?"

"Oh. Mr. Allen! I need to ask Mr. Allen for leave. I haven't packed my stuff yet!" Isabella suddenly remembered and rushed to Eric's office.

Olivia sighed, thinking, 'Vaughn is really too much, sending Isabella on a trip and separating the newlyweds. Isabella is so out of it.'

"You're going on a business trip?" Eric was surprised. "Our department doesn't have any business that requires a trip."

"It's Mr. Johnson. He wants me to goto Evergreen Valley for business,"Isabella explained helplessly.

"Doesn't he have a secretary?" Eric frowned.

"He said his secretary wouldn't understand how things running there,"Isabella sighed.

"Does Michael know you're going on a trip?" Eric asked.

"No." Isabella replied.

"You haven't told him yet? Are you afraid he won't agree?" Eric asked with concern. Ever since Michael became his rumored boyfriend, Eric couldn't help but worry about his affairs.

"What right does he have to disagree? I don't control him;why should he control me?" Thinking of the phone call, Isabella said angrily.

"What? Did you two have a fight?" Eric asked with concern.

Isabella realized she had lost her temper, which was so unlike her. What was wrong with her?

She quickly apologized to Eric, "I'm sorry, Mr. Allen. I didn't mean to snap. We didn't fight; I'm just in a bad mood because of the sudden trip."

Eric smiled knowingly. "It's okay. I get it. I'd be in a bad mood too if I had to go on a sudden trip."

In his heart, he silently prayed for Vaughn, 'This guy, just keep pushing his luck. In the end, he won't even know what hit him.'
 
###Chapter 63 From the Plane to the Hospital

Leaving the office, Isabella hopped into a cab and headed home to pack her bags.


As soon as she got in, she called Ava and told her to quickly pack a few outfits and wait by the door.


When Isabella pulled up, Ava was already there. Without even getting out,Isabella grabbed the luggage and made a beeline for the airport.

While waiting at a red light, she noticed a familiar black business car next to hers.

The rear window was down, and she could clearly see two people inside:one was Michael, and the other was a stunning girl she didn't recognize.

Michael had his back to Isabella and was facing Lucy inside the car.Lucy had her hands on Michael's shoulders, saying something with a bright smile on her face, a smile so dazzling it hurt Isabella's eyes.

'He must really like Lucy,huh?' Isabella thought.

The cab driver handed Isabella a pack of tissues and said, "Here,wipe your tears."


Only then did Isabella realize she was already crying.

As she was boarding the plane, Isabella's phone rang. It was Michael calling.

She didn't know what Michael would say, but if it was to end their marriage, she wanted that moment to come a little later. So she turned off her phone.

"Whose call was that? Why didn't you answer? Was it your husband? Is he not letting you go on this trip?" Vaughn asked curiously. He had a

mischievous side, thinking that if he could cause some trouble between them,he might have a chance.

Isabella didn't want to deal with him and closed her eyes to sleep.

Vaughn,feeling bored,started ordering various drinks from the flight attendant.

"Sir,are you okay?"

"Sir,wake up."

Isabella was sleeping soundly when she was suddenly awakened by the noise around her.


She opened her eyes to see a group of people gathered around their seats.Vaughn was lying on the floor, unconscious, with colorful vomit all over him and the floor.

Isabella was terrified. She was accompanying Vaughn on this business trip,and now he was in trouble. She couldn't bear the responsibility.

"What happened to him?" Isabella asked the flight attendant nearby.

"We initially suspect it's an allergic reaction. We've already called an ambulance, and he can be taken to the hospital as soon as we land. Are you with this gentleman?"

Isabella nodded.

"Do you know what he's allergic to?"

Isabella shook her head.

"And you are...?"

"He's my boss. I'm accompanying him on this business trip," Isabella

replied.

As soon as they got off the plane, Isabella quickly grabbed their luggage.Vaughn was escorted by airport staff to the ambulance, and Isabella went with him to the hospital.

Vaughn had a severe allergic reaction. After emergency treatment and injections, he was out of danger by midnight.

Seeing him open his eyes and come back to life, Isabella finally breathed a sigh of relief.

She had imagined the worst outcome. If Vaughn had died while on a business trip with her, the Johnson Group would blacklist her in the industry, and she wouldn't even be able to beg for a living for the rest of her life.


"Where is this place? It smells awful," Vaughn said, just waking up and already complaining.

"The hospital. You were taken here right after gettingoff the plane,"Isabella said.


Vaughn looked around the small room, which was crowded with six patients and their companions, making it over a dozen people in total. He couldn't heIp but frown and complain, "Is there a VIP room? Or at least a private or double room?"


Isabella, sitting by the bed, was so exhausted she could barely keep her eyes open. She mumbled, "This is a public hospital. No VIP rooms here,and beds are scarce. Be grateful you even have a bed. You'll be out by morning."

"What? I have to stay here until morning?" Vaughn, anxious,tried to sit up but felt dizzy and fell back down. He had vomited everything out on the plane and had been unconscious without eating, so hisenergy was

completely drained. Lying on the bed, staring at the ceiling, he said in despair, "You want me to stay in this stuffy, smelly place until morning?P'd rather you kill me."

Isabella thought to herself, 'You have the nerve to complain about the smell. Don't you know you vomited all over yourself? The stench has killed my appetite.'
Isabella was curious. Vaughn had been fine when they boarded the plane.How did he suddenly have an allergic reaction? She asked, "Mr. Johnson,why did you suddenly have an allergic reaction?"
Vaughn wasn't about to tell her that he had been curious and tried all the drinks on the plane, only to end up drinking his nemesis, peach juice.
Usually,his secretary was strict about what he could eat and drink. Finally free from those restrictions, he ended up in the hospital.
"I might be allergic to the air on the plane," Vaughn said evasively.

Michael called Isabella, but she didn't answer. When he called again, her phone was off.
He thought her phone might have died and didn't pay much attention until he suddenly received a call from Eric.

"What's up?" Michael answered coldly.

"Can't I call my boyfriend just because I have nothing to do?" Eric said with a laugh.

"I don't think you're the type to call me just to chat," Michael said.

"Did you two have a fight?" Eric asked directly.

"Me and who?" Michael was puzzled.

"Who else? Isabella," Eric said, exasperated. Michael must have upset Isabella without even realizing it.

"Oh, I called her, but her phone was off. Maybe it died," Michael recalled.She had been fine when he dropped her off in the morning. She couldn't be mad just because of a missed call.

"She's on a business trip and you don't know about it," Eric said gleefully.


"What business trip?" Michael was confused. Since when did the design department start doing PR work?

"She's on a business trip with Vaughn. Thanks to someone, the deal she just closed became her own company's. To meet the year-end performance targets, Vaughn has to go out of town to find opportunities," Eric explained.

"Doesn't he have a secretary or assistant?" Michael asked.

"Vaughn has a secretary, but his secretary doesn't understand the business.If he wants to secure a project, he needs to bring someone who does," Eric said.

Michael was speechless. He had caused this mess himself.


"Baby, if you keep ignoring me and talking on the phone,I'm going to tell on you to Grandpa!" Lucy threatened when she saw Michael still on the phone.

"I've told you a million times, don't call me baby. Why don't you ever listen? If you keep this up, I'll have someone send you back to your mom for a proper lesson," Michael said harshly, dragging Lucy away.

"Fine, I won't call you that. Big deal. My mom won't care. Otherwise,she wouldn't have sent me to you," Lucy yelled at Michael, hands on her hips.
With some peace and quiet. Michael realized something was off. Isabella hadn't told him about the business trip and wasn't answering his calls.Something was definitely up. Michael liked to solve problems on the spot,so he immediately contacted Eric to find out the hotel and room number where Isabella and Vaughn were staying and headed to Evergreen Valley.
 
###Chapter 64 He Was Taken Away by Anothe Woman with Just One Phone Call

Isabella had spent the whole morning at the hospital dealing with the ever-so-picky Vaughn, and she was about ready to lose it.

After finally getting all the discharge paperwork done and lugging their stuff around, she made her way back to the hotel.

Michael had been camped out in the hotel lobby all night, blowing up Isabella and Vaughn's phones with no luck. If Aaron hadn't stepped in,he would've called the cops.

A taxi rolled up to the hotel entrance, and Isabella climbed out. She popped the trunk, grabbed their bags, and then helped Vaughn out of the car. With one hand dragging two suitcases and the other supporting Vaughn, she marched into the hotel like a warrior.

Michael,fuming, turned to Aaron and snapped, "Is Vaughn crippled or something? Why does Isabella have to babysit him?"

He was about to storm over and give Vaughn a piece of his mind, but Aaron quickly held him back.

Manuel Barnett from Evergreen Valley Global Nexus Corporation strolled over and greeted Vaughn, "Hey, Mr. Johnson, we've been waiting for you.You don't look so hot. What's up?"

Vaughn, too embarrassed to admit he had an allergic reaction to something he drank on the plane and ended up in the hospital, made up a story about not being used to the place but feeling better now.

Manuel chuckled. "Mr. Johnson, you look pretty fit. A little discomfort shouldn't be a big deal. How about I treat you to dinner tonight?"

Vaughn really didn't want to go; his stomach felt like it was in a vice. He

just wanted to get some sleep. But Manuel, eager to cozy up to the Johnson Group, kept pushing, "Mr. Johnson, we can talk about that project you mentioned over dinner."


"Alright," Vaughn agreed, thinking about the project. "Let's do it. See you tonight."

Manuel grinned, "Mr. Johnson, you seem like a straight shooter. I'm sure we'll get along great."

"Mr. Johnson, let me get you back to your room first." Isabella,juggling two suitcases and supporting Vaughn, was so exhausted from the sleepless night that she could barely stand.

Manuel quickly added, "You rest up, and we'll see you tonight!"

"Alright, see you tonight!" Vaughn waved him off.

Michael watched from the sidelines, seething. He thought, 'Vaughn, you idiot. Just by mentioning the Johnson Group, you could have Manuel kiss your ass. Instead,you're the one sucking up to him.'

Isabella took Vaughn to the VIP suite on the thirteenth floor. As she was about to leave, she told Vaughn she was staying on the third floor and to call her if he needed anything.

"Why are you on the third floor?" Vaughn asked, confused.

Isabella explaíned, "As the branch manager, you get a suite when traveling.I'm just a design department employee, so I get a single room."

"But I'm not feeling well and need someone to take care of me. You should stay in my suite and cancel the single room. It'd save some money,"
Vaughn suggested, pretending to be clueless. He thought if Isabella agreed,it meant she was into him, and maybe they could take things further.

"Mr. Johnson, I'm here for work, and I don't want to cause any unnecessary trouble," Isabella said firmly.

"Are you worried your husband will get the wrong idea?" Vaughn asked.

"No, Mr. Johnson. It's just my principle," Isabella replied earnestly.

"Are you turning me down?" Vaughn pressed.

"It's not about rejecting you, Mr. Johnson. I'm very traditional and won't casually share a room with a man," Isabella said, not wanting to be so blunt, but Vaughn kept pushing.

Vaughn's mood soured, and he snapped, "Get out. I need to take a shower.
11

Though his attitude was a bit scary, Isabella felt relieved and hurried to the third floor.

She dragged her suitcase, and as soon as she opened the door with her room card, a tall figure slipped in.

Isabella's heart nearly jumped out of her chest, but a familiar voice whispered in her ear, "It's me. Relax!"

Isabella looked up in surprise and saw Michael. She pushed him away and asked, "What are you doing here?"

Michael said, "What do you think I'm doing here? You took off on a business trip without a word. I came all the way here to find you.I waited all night, and you didn't even check into the hotel. Where were you? You and Vaughn vanished all night. Aren't you worried I'll get jealous and pissed?"

Thinking about his sketchy relationship with Lucy, Isabella got mad.She snorted and said, "This is my job. If you're gonna get mad about it, I

might as well quit, and you can support me."

"Really? Then quit right now, and I'll take care of you!" Michael's eyes lit up as he said it earnestly.

"I'm not quitting! What if I quit and then you divorce me? I'd be totally screwed," Isabella said, sulking.

"I'm not divorcing you. Can you stop bringing it up all the time?" Michael frowned,clearly annoyed.

"Tve told you, if you don't mention divorce, I'll stick with you. But if you bring it up, I'm out." Isabella shot back.

Michael felt a pang of hurt. Lately, things had been good between them,and he thought Isabella had moved past the divorce talk. He clenched his fists, his head down, and though his eyes were hidden, he looked dejected.

Seeing him like this, Isabella felt a twinge of guilt. She could sense his feelings for her.

She said, "If you came here just to argue, you might as well leave! Don't mess with my work."

Michael said, "I can leave, but you have to tell me where you and Vaughn were last night."

"The hospital," Isabella answered honestly. "He said he was allergic to the air on the plane. He puked and passed out before we even landed. As soon as we got off the plane, an ambulance took him away."

As she spoke, she pulled out a stack of hospital receipts from her bag and showed them to Michael.

Michael was speechless.

Vaughn, with his weak body and many dietary restrictions, still wouldn't

control his gourmand self. Usually, his secretary kept a strict watch on him.This time, with Isabella accompanying him, Vaughn would have eaten without any reservations. Isabella was really unlucky.

Michael said angrily, "In the future, if something like this happens, don't take care of him. Just hire a nurse.".


"Hiring a nurse costs money, doesn't it? So far, I've been covering his hospital bills and living expenses. Where would I get the money to hire a nurse?" Isabella retorted.

"Didn't I give you a bank card?" Michael said helplessly.

Isabella didn't want to argue with him anymore. She sternly said, "You should leave now. I stayed up all night and need to rest. I have to accompany Mr. Johnson for social engagements this afternoon. I don't have time to chat with you."

Michael sensed that Isabella was mad at him, so he asked, "Isabella, what's wrong? Why are you suddenly mad at me?"

Isabella was about to tell him about hearing someone call him "baby"when his phone rang.

Isabella gestured for him to answer the call.

Michael put the call on speaker.

Lucy said, "Baby, I came to Evergreen Valley to find you and got hit.Come save me!"


After saying that, Lucy hung up. Then, she sent the address.

Isabella's eyes immediately reddened. She pushed Michael, trying to get him out.

Michael anxiously said, "Isabella, let me explain."

Isabella stood at the door, her eyes red like those of a little rabbit,glaring at him angrily. "Fine. T'll listen to your explanation."

Michael was about to speak when the phone rang again, and Lucy said,"Baby, why aren't you here yet? I'm about to be bullied to death."

"Wait a minute. I'll send Aaron over," Michael replied.

Lucy said. "If you send Aaron, I'll... I'll... jump off the bridge. You know I hate Aaron the most since I was a kid."

Michael frowned helplessly. It seemed he had to go first. If something really happened to Lucy, he wouldn't be able to explain it to her mother.

Seeing Michael's attention diverted by Lucy, Isabella slammed the door shut and locked it.

Outside, Michael knocked on the door and said, "Isabella, I'll go handle this first and come back to explain later."

Listening to his footsteps fading away, Isabella felt like her body was drained of all energy. She couldn't even stand, slid down to the floor,leaning against the door, and burst into tears.

Michael rushed to the scene of Lucy's car accident and saw a sports car that had veered off the road and crashed onto the sidewalk. A good-looking guy with a skateboard was standing in front of the car,blocking Lucy from leaving. A few onlookers were gathered around, watching the drama unfold.
 
###Chapter 65 She's My Cousin, Really

As soon as Michael arrived, Lucy jumped out of the car and ran over to him, saying, "Baby, thank God you're here."

Michael held her at arm's length and asked, "Alright, what happened?"

Lucy quickly explained, "I was driving on the road when this guy, out of nowhere,jumped in front of my car, claiming I hit him. He's trying to scam me for money!"


The guy's face turned red with anger. "How can you lie like that? You drove onto the sidewalk, and I couldn't get out of the way in time.Now you're blaming me?"

Feeling more confident with Michael there, Lucy put her hands on her hips and snapped back, "It's your fault.Skateboards aren't allowed on the road or the sidewalk. You should be fined. And seriously,you're old enough to buy a car but still ride a skateboard? That's just sad."

Michael noticed the skateboard and recognized the brand; it was high-end and definitely not cheap.

"Lucy, calm down. Let's talk this out without getting personal," Michael said, trying to keep things civil. He then turned to the guy and added,"And you, why argue with her? Just call the cops. Her offense is worse than yours.Or are you scared because your skateboard isn't legit?"

"The skateboard is mine," the guy clarified.

"Then call the cops. Both of you are at fault. Let them sort it out," Michael suggested.

The guy pulled out his phone to call the police, but Lucy rushed over and grabbed it, yelling, "No police!"

Michael took the phone from Lucy and handed it back to the guy. Lucy kept shouting, "Don't call the police. If you do, I'll never forgive you."

Michael grabbed Lucy and said coldly, "If you want a favor,ask nicely."

Lucy, almost in tears, said, "We can't call the police. If we do, I'm screwed.
I... I don't have my driver's license yet."

"So you're driving without a license. No wonder your driving sucks! How dare you drive withot a license?" the guy shot back.

Lucy retorted, "So what? I've driven plenty of times without getting caught.
And who cares if my driving is bad? At least I have a car, unlike you with your skateboard. Poor guy."

"My skateboard was bought with my own money. Did you buy your car with your own money? If not, you're poorer thanI am," the guy countered.

"Enough!" Michael, tired of their bickering, stepped in. "Arguing won't solve anything."

Both of them went quiet at Michael's outburst.

Michael looked at the guy and asked, "Do you want to call the cops or settle this privately? If you want to call the cops, go ahead. She needs a wake-up call. If you want to settle privately, name your price, and I'll make sure you're happy."

"I don't need money," the guy said. "I just want her to apologize. Her attitude is terrible."


Michael pulled Lucy over and sternly said, "Apologize!"

Seeing that Michael was genuinely angry, Lucy started to cry and said,"Why should I apologize? I'm a victim, too."

Seeing Lucy cry, the guy got flustered and said to Michael, "Forget it. I

won't hold it against her. Since she's your girlfriend, you shouild take care of her."


With that, the guy hopped on his skateboard and took off.

Michael called Aaron to come and drive Lucy's car back.

Lucy immediately objected.

"Then let a tow truck take it," Michael said,clearly annoyed.

Lucy gave in, "Fine. Let him drive it back."

After sorting out Lucy's mess, Michael, worried about Isabella back at the hotel,grabbed a cab to head back.

Lucy tagged along; she didn't want to stay with Aaron.

When they got to the hotel, they saw Vaughn walking ahead empty-handed. with Isabella trailing behind, carrying a bag and some documents.

Michael nudged Lucy and said, "That's Vaughn. Aren't you going to say hi?"


Lucy rushed over and called out, "Vaughn."

She threw herself into Vaughn's arms.

Isabella saw a girl rush over and call Vaughn. She looked up and was surprised. Judging by the voice, she was Lucy, the same girl who had called Michael "baby."

Before Isabella could process it, Michael covered her mouth and pulled her into the stairwell.


Isabella pushed his hand away and snapped, "What are you doing? Mr.
Vaughn Johnson is still outside!"

Michael pinned her against the wall and asked, "Are you still mad? Tell me why."


Isabella turned her face away, refusing to look at him or speak.

Michael let go, placing one hand behind her head to protect it from the wall and lifting her chin with the other, making her look at him. He said,"Isabella, relationships are messy. Like you and me, we've been together for à short time, and you don't know much about me. Misunderstandings happen. But when they do, we need to talk it out. We're married, the closest people to each other. I hope you can trust me and ask me if you have doubts instead of sulking alone, leaving me guessing."

Isabella lowered her eyes, her long lashes fluttering, showing her nervousness. She said, "Then... I'll ask."

"Ask anything you want to know, and I'll tell you," Michael said, deciding to come clean, thinking Isabella knew his true identity.

"Yesterday morning, I called you, and a girl answered... she called you:..baby," Isabella said nervously, fearing the coming answer she didn't want to hear.


Michael visibly relaxed and said, "Lucy? Isabella, I can explain."

Isabella interrupted him, "At first, I didn't believe it, but when I went home to get my luggage, I saw your car at the intersection while waiting for the light. You two were in the car, looking very close. I..."

Isabella took a deep breath and continued, "I was hurt. The evidence was right in front of me, and I had to believe it. At the hotel, she called you,and you left immediately."

As Isabella recounted these events, it felt like a knife was cutting her heart.She was in agony but had to face it. She thought it was better to endure the pain all at once and let the wound heal slowly.

She mustered the courage to continue, "I've said before, if you fall for someone else, just tell me, and I'll cooperate with the divorce. My stance hasn't changed."


After she finished, Michael's tense body visibly relaxed. He held Isabella's hand,kissed it, and said, "I won't divorce you. Listen to me. Her namne is Lucy, my aunt's only daughter, spoiled by the family. Her college boyfriend cheated on her with someone wealthy. She dragged me to show off in front of her ex, and since then, she wouldn't change but insists call me baby, no matter what I say."

"You mean,she's your cousin?" Isabella was surprised.

Michael nodded deeply and softly said, "Yes, really."
 
###Chapter 66 If You Get Divorced, I'll Marry You

When Michael mentioned that Lucy was his cousin, Isabella couldn't help but grin.

Michael was pretty stoked too. Even though his trip to Evergreen Valley was a bust, it was worth it to see how Isabella felt about him.

He gently held Isabella's face and kissed her.

But just as their lips met, Isabella's phone rang. It was Vaughn.

Isabella quickly broke from Michael's kiss and answered the call.

Vaughn asked, "Isabella, what are you up to? Playing hide and seek with me?"


Isabella replied, "Mr. Johnson, sorry. I'll be right there."

After Vaughn hung up, Isabella turned to Michael and said, "Mr. Vaughn Johnson is looking for me. I gotta go. We'll catch up at the hotel tonight."

She pulled a room key out of her bag and handed it to Michael.

"You're not mad anymore? You're letting me into your room?"Michael asked,surprised.

"Do whatever you want. No one cares if you sleep on the street," Isabella said, blushing and feeling her heart race.

Michael smirked, "Sleep on the street? You wouldn't let that happen."

Isabella ignored him and walked away.

Michael decided he wasn't too fondof Vaughn.

"Isabella, I thought you were kidnapped by a vampire," Vaughn said sarcastically.


Isabella lied, "Mr. Johnson, I forgot a document, so I ran back to get it while the elevator was going up."

When Isabella arrived, Lucy had just left.

"Mr. Johnson, the girl who was with you just now..." Isabella started but then stopped, thinking it was inappropriate to ask.

Vaughn said. "She's my cousin."

Isabella replied,"Oh!"

Vaughn added, "Really, she's my cousin."

"I believe you," Isabella smiled.

Vaughn was dazzled by her smile, thinking she liked him and was happy because his answer meant a chance between them.

They grabbed a cab to a fancy restaurant where Manuel was hosting them.

The place was a bit tricky to find.

Isabella couldn't help but ask, "Mr. Johnson, are you sure this is the place?"

Vaughn confidently said, "With me here, there's nothing to worry about."

He thought Isabella was scared and raised an eyebrow at her,thinking he looked cool.

Isabella gave him a puzzled look.

The high-end restaurant was tucked away in a secluded alley, in a small,beautifully decorated courtyard.

Manuel came out to greet them warmly, "Mr. Johnson, welcome to Evergreen Valley."


Vaughn ignored Manuel's enthusiasm and complained, "Mr. Barnett,this place is too hard to find."


Manuel laughed and said, "Mr. Johnson, don't be fooled by the location.The food here is excelent. You'll see once you try it. You have to make a reservation in advance to get in."


The courtyard was surrounded by private rooms,each with beautifully embroidered curtains made with gold and silver threads, looking luxurious.

Manuel led them into a private room, which was uniquely decorated.

The room had a dining table and chairs, all in classic traditional furniture design. The chairs were soft, having been converted into accent chairs.

'Truly enjoying life!' Isabella thought to herself.

It was Isabella's first time in such a place, and she was a bit nervous. She tried to stay calm and followed closely behind Vaughn.

Because she was following too closely, Vaughn's heart was pounding,and he thought she admired him.

At the dining table, Manuel raised a glass of wine and said, "Mr. Johnson,let's toast to our cooperation."

Vaughn had just picked up his glass when Isabella stepped in and said,"Mr. Barnett, Mr. Johnson isn't feeling well and can't drink. I'll take this one for him."


With that, she clinked glasses with Manuel and downed it in one go.

Isabella ended up drinking several glasses on Vaughn's behalf.

Manuel teased, "Ms. Taylor, what's your deal with Mr. Johnson? Give us a good reason, or we won't buy it!"


With Manuel's teasing, the guys at the table joined in.

Isabella,feeling out of her depth, looked to Vaughn for help.

Vaughn stood up, put his arm around Isabella's shoulder, and proudly announced. "Isabella is my girl. Treat her well!"

Isabella looked at Vaughn in surprise. Vaughn whispered in her ear, "Just go with it, or these guys won't let you off."

Isabella had no choice but to play along.

"Oh. I see. We were wondering who Ms. Taylor's boyfriend is. Turns out it's you,Mr.Johnson."

Vaughn felt pretty pleased hearing this. But he didn't forget the main business. He said, "Mr. Barnett, let's talk about the project!"

Vaughn sat down with his arm still around Isabella's shoulder.

Manuel said, "Mr. Johnson, drink this glass, and we'll talk business."

Ignoring Isabella's attempts to stop him, Vaughn downed the glass of wine.

Isabella thought to herself, 'This is bad. If he drinks, he might throw up again.


After one glass, Vaughn was practically slumped over the table.

Isabella and Manuel handled all the business discussions.

After dinner, Vaughn was still not fully sober. It was hard to get a cab there,so Isabella helped Vaughn out.

At the alley entrance, Vaughn couldn't hold it in any longer and threw up

against the wall.

Worried he might end up in the hospital again like the previous day,
Isabella watched him nervously. But the smell of his vomit was so strong it made her eyes water.

Isabella rubbed her eyes, which were now red.

Vaughn,thinking Isabella was concerned for him, asked emotionally, "Are you crying because you're worried about me?"

"What?" Isabella was surprised and didn't understand why he said that.

"At the dinner table, I said you were my girl, and I meant it. I find you to be a good person, the type I like. Even though you're married, I know your husband doesn't treat you well and doesn't understand you. You're very troubled. Since you like me so much, I'll give you a chance. Go back and get a divorce, and I'll marry you."

Isabella was terrified, thinking, 'What have I done to make Vaughn misunderstand so badly? How can I let him down gently?'

Isabella felt very troubled.

Vaughn was waiting for Isabella to be moved to tears and hug him passionately, but after a long wait, Isabella didn't react at all.

He looked up and saw Isabella's troubled face,and asked in confusion,"
What do you mean by this? Say something."

Isabella came to her senses, immediately raised her hand, and swore, her
eyes red with urgency, "Mr. Johnson, you're my boss. I have absolutely no inappropriate thoughts about you, I swear."

Vaughn pressed closer, pinning her against the wall, and asked in a low voice,"I allow you to have thoughts about me.What do you think?"

He thought this move was very suave and charming, but Isabella was terrified.


Her back hit the wall, causing her pain and making her more alert.

"Pervert." Isabella kicked him, causing him to double over in pain. She took the opportunity to get into a cab and returned to the hotel.
 
###Chapter 67 How Come You Are Her Husband?

Isabella hopped into the taxi and glanced back. Vaughn was still crouched in the same spot, which made herfeel a bit better.

She was dead set on packing her bags and moving to another place as soon as she got to the hotel. No way was she dealing with Vaughn again.

It was just too much. She went on a business trip with Vaughn,and he decided to spill his feelings. Not only did she not like him, but if Michael found out, he'd go after Vaughn, and her job would be toast.

As soon as Isabella stepped out of the taxi, she spotted Michael pacing at the hotel entrance.


She dashed over, threw herself into his arms, and hugged him tight.

Michael caught a whiff ofalcohol on her and figured she had a bit too much to drink and missed him. Her hugging him out of the blue made him a little happy. But he quickly noticed something was off because she was trembling.

Michael asked, "Isabella, what's up? You scared?"

"Nothing,MMichael. Just excited to see you. Let's get back to the roomn and pack. We can head home tonight," Isabella said, eager to get out of there.

With Michael around, she felt like she could do anything. Might as well head back tonight.

"Did someone mess with you? Tell me, and I'll handle it," Michael asked,worried.


"Who would mess with me? The project's done, and I want to go back with you. Plus..." Isabella bit her lip and had to come clean, "Plus,I

misunderstood about you and Lucy. I need to make it up to you."

Her words made Michael happy. Thinking about Isabella wanting to make it up to him made his heart race. He went with her to pack their bags,checked out at the front desk, and just as they were about to leave,an angry shout came from behind, "Isabella!"

Isabella turned around; it was Vaughn.

She closed her eyes in despair, her face pale. She couldn't dodge what she wanted to escape.

Michael saw she was scared and glared at Vaughn.

Vaughn finally noticed the man beside Isabella, someone he knew.

"What? You..." Vaughn, slurring from the alcohol and excitement, couldn't get the words out.

Isabella was afraid he'd say something to tick off Michael, so she quickly cut him off, "Mr. Johnson, the project's done. My husband came to get me,and we're leaving now. Please approve."

"Your husband? Who? Him?" Vaughn pointed at Michael,looking at Isabella. "You mean, he's your husband?"

Vaughn's eyes went wide in shock.

Isabella nodded. She suddenly remembered they both had the last name
Johnson, so it made sense they knew each other.

"You know each other," Isabella confirmed.

"Of course, we know each other!" Vaughn sneered with more to be said.

He had thought Michael often showed up at the branch office out of concern for him, but it turned out he was really overthinking it. Michael

was there to pick up Isabella.

Vaughn felt all his passion had gone for nothing.

Michael nodded to Isabella. He held her shoulder and gently said, "Isabella,go sit on the sofa over there. I'll have a few words with Mr. Johnson."

Isabella knew Michael always had issues with Vaughn. She looked at him worriedly and reminded him, "Go easy on him." She paused,pulled his hand to make him bend down, and whispered in his ear, "This isn't the right place to hit him."

Michael initially thought Isabella was protecting Vaughn and felt a bit unhappy. But hearing her last sentence, he smiled. Isabella was still on his side at critical moments.

Michael nodded heavily in agreement.

Isabella walked towards the sofa, not forgetting to give Vaughn a deep glare, warning him not to say anything to provoke Michael.

"Are you surprised?" Seeing Isabella sit on the sofa and start playing with her phone, Michael slowly spoke, looking at the stunned Vaughn.

"You... you... her... are you really her husband?" Vaughn looked at Isabella,then at Michael, still unable to believe that the two people who seemed so unrelated in his mind were actually married.

"Yes," Michael confirmed.

"Was she the one in your car that time? Does Grandpa and Qiana know?"Vaughn asked.

"They probably know!" Michael replied, thinking, 'If Qiana knows,then Wesley probably knows too, and so does that idiot Jeremy.

"What's going on between you two?" Vaughn couldn't understand how

they got involved.

"You don't need to know, and I have no obligation to explain,"Michael said coldly. "Just remember one thing: she doesn't know my true identity yet, so keep it a secret for me."

"You're deceiving her?" Vaughn felt he had discovered a big secret.

Michael was frustrated, thinking, 'Why does everyone think I'm deceiving Isabella? Eric and Vaughn both think so, and even Qiana implies it.'

Michael felt the need to explain this properly.

"It's not deceiving her. I told her several times, but she didn't believe me.She thought I was coveting the heir's position. But that's my business. Just keep it a secret for me," Michael explained. Suddenly,he remembered the scene when Isabella came back and asked, "What happened before Isabella came back? Did you take her to a social event today? Did someone bully her?"


"Didn't you ask her?" Vaughn felt guilty.

Michael shook his head. "I asked her, but she said nothing happened. But my intuition tells me something did."

Vaughn was nervous. If Michael found out he confessed to Isabela.Michael would hunt him down! He mustered the courage to say, "How could anyone bully her when she's with me?"

Vaughn forced a smile, which looked worse than crying to Michael.Vaughn's words sounded uncomfortable.

"Your family powers don't match. Will Grandpa agree?" Vaughn couldn't help but hit a nerve with Michael.

"It doesn't matter," Michael said lightly. "No one can stop what I want to

do."

Vaughn looked at Michael. It was true. Outside, everyone called him Mr.Johnson, but at home, he always lived in Michael's shadow. At first, he was unconvinced and secretly competed with Michael.When Michael was kidnapped, he had a dark thought that it would be good if Michael disappeared. But he discovered a fact that made him completely desperate.In the Johnson family, even if Michael disappeared, he still couldn't be one-tenth as excellent as Michael. Michael had the ability to be carefree.But Vaughn saw himself as just a joke.

Vaughn glanced at Isabella, who was the evidence of his humiliation and felt he could no longer stay in the same space as her. He said, "I'm tired. I'm going back to rest. You guys do as you please."
 	N

###Chapter 68 If Your Money Runs Out,I'll Support You

Michael went to find Isabella, and she grabbed his arm, asking,"What were you guys talking about?"

"Scared he was bad-mouthing you?" Michael chuckled at her nervousness.

Isabella blushed and playfully slapped his arm. "I'm not scared of that.I work hard, so any bad stuff he says is just nonsense."

She was worried Vaughn might spill the beans about his confession to her.

Sometimes, being too likable is such a pain,' Isabella thought to herself.

"Relax! Even if you didn't work hard, he wouldn't dare talk bad about you.
You don't need to stress so much!" Michael said confidently.

Isabella laughed. "Why should I be so cocky? But why does Mr. Johnson seem so scared of you?"

Michael flexed his arm and said, "Because he could never beat me since we were kids. It left a mark on him."


Seeing him like this, Isabella was glad she hadn't mentioned Vaughn's confession. Otherwise, Michael might have gone after Vaughn again.

To distract him, Isabella quickly changed the subject. "Mr. Johnson,how are we getting back?"

"Let's not head back tonight. It's too late and the roads are unsafe. Let's crash at another hotel for the night,okay?" Michael suggested.

Aaron was waiting for them outside the hotel. Seeing him, Isabella couldn't help but think that if Vaughn had an assistant like Aaron, she wouldn't need to go on business trips with Vaughn.

As soon as they got in the car, Isabella started looking online for a cheap yet highly-rated hotel, but those two qualities seemed impossible to find together in reviews.

Michael laughed and took her phone. "Isabella, look at me. I'm way more interesting than your phone."

"Stop messing around. I need to find a hotel. We're paying out of pocket tonight, so we need to save where we can." Isabella leaned on Michael to grab her phone, but then she noticed Aaron had driven them to the most luxurious hotel in Evergreen Valley, Elysian Grand Resort.

Isabella didn't rush to get out of the car. She pointed outside the window and asked Michael, "How much does it cost to stay here for one night?"

Michael found her concern for money cute. He pulled her out of the car and pinched her waist, saying, "Don't worry about it. If you think it's too expensive, you can make it up to me in bed!"

Isabella slapped his hand away and said worriedly, "You don't even have a job, yet you spend money like it's nothing. Aren't you afraid of running out of money?"


Michael asked, "Isabella, are you worried I'll run out of money and starve?"

"No, even if you're broke, I can support you with my deposit money.I've been saving, you know. But that means you won't live a life you get used to," Isabella said, blushing.

Michael had always been the one to shoulder responsibilities, so hearing someone say they'd support him was a nice change.

"Alright, if I ever run out of money, I'll let you take care of me," Michael said, grinning. "But for now, let's enjoy this. Aaron already booked the hotel."

Aaron,driving, shot Michael a resentful look in the rearview mirror.Michael had insisted that their first hotel stay had to be the most luxurious,but now he was blaming Aaron for it.

Michael gently nudged Isabella towards the pre-booked penthouse suite.

Isabella was blown away. From the floor-to-ceiling windows, she could see all of Evergreen Valley. The lights below looked like a galaxy, and the car lights on the road formed a long, winding line, moving gracefully through the night.

The vastness of it all made her feel like she could let go of everything.

"How much does this cost for one night?" Isabella exclaimed. This was way beyond anything Vaughn had ever booked; it was pure extravagance.

"Michael, seriously, where does your money come from if you don't have a job? You didn't do anything illegal, did you?" Isabella asked, concerned.

"What? If my money were illegal, would you turn me in?" Michael teased.

Isabella blushed, embarrassed. "I'm just curious!"

Michael sat down across from her, looking serious. "Isabella, have you ever thought that I might actually be the grandson of your chairman, the heir to the Johnson Group, with more money than I could ever spend?"

He waited for her reaction.

Isabella shook her head firmly. "Michael, don't joke about that. If word gets out, it wouldn't be good. If the chairman's grandson hears about it and sees you as a threat, what would you do? Just like our branch manager,Philip, who got blacklisted by the group. Even though he's still in prison, once he's out, no company will want him."

Michael made her look at his face. "Isabella, look closely. Don't I look like

your old chairman? Why do you always think it's impossible?"

Everyone said Michael looked just like a young Wesley. Although Wesley was old now, his youthful features were still visible in his eyes.

"At my level, I haven't seen the chairman, but you do resemble Mr.
Vaughn Johnson in someways," Isabella said seriously, studying him.

Michael mumbled, "What do you mean I look like Vaughn? Vaughn is clearly imitating me,okay?"

Isabella knew there was some tension between Michael and Vaughn, but she was too tired to dig into it. "I'm not chatting with you anymore. I smell like alcohol. I'm going to take a shower."

She opened her suitcase, toók out her pajamas, and headed to the bathroom.


The bathroom was bigger than the dorm she shared with Olivia. There was a huge bathtub by the window where she could soak and enjoy the view of Evergreen Valley.

"Isn't it risky to have the bathtub by the window?" Isabella wondered aloud. "Oh, it must be one-way glass. My professor mentioned similar cases in college, but this is the first time I've seen it in real life."

Isabella started examining the bathroom design like she was on a field trip.

Michael came up from behind, wrapped his arms around her, and whispered, "Isabella, this is a rare opportunity. Let's not waste any time,okay?"

Michael snuck up behind Isabella, his hands wandering over her chest,his mouth close to her ear as he whispered, "Isabella, let's take a bath together.I've never been in a big tub before!"

Isabella blushed but didn't say no.

Michael held her close by the edge of the tub, kissing her earlobe while his hands slipped under her clothes, caressing her full breasts. They watched the water slowly rise.
 
###Chapter 69 Marital Bliss

Isabella turned around, her hands gently caressing Michael's neck.

Michael suddenly felt weak, like he couldn't stand. He leaned against Isabella, their bodies pressed together, supporting each other.

Their noses almost touched, and they gazed into each other's eyes.

Michael smiled, his lips lightly brushing against Isabella's.

Isabella shivered, then leaned in closer.

Michael kissed her deeply, biting her lips, pulling them into his mouth. He wanted more, using his tongue to draw out hers, inviting her to tangle with his.


Michael's kiss was urgent, fierce, filled with primal desire.

The sound of running water drowned out their heavy breathing.

At the top of the city, they kissed passionately.

The water overflowed from the tub, flowing over their feet.

Michael pulled back and said, "Isabella, do you know? Last night I waited for you at the hotel entrance all night, but you didn't show up."

Isabella didn't expect that someone as proud as Michael would wait at the hotel entrance late at night. The thought made her heart ache.

She took off her outer clothes and then unbuttoned Michael's shirt.

Michael,always impeccably dressed, had his clothes piled up at his feet.

She held his hand and stepped into the tub.

Isabella let Michael sit down and scooped up water to wet his hair. His

hair, once wet, clung to his scalp. Isabella squeezed out shampoo,lathered it in her hands, and applied it to Michael's hair, her fingers skillfully weaving through it.

Michael stared intently at Isabella, her soft hands brushing over his eyes,making him hide his intense gaze, letting her do as she pleased.

Isabella's hands, one in front, one behind, slowly massaged Michael's head.Her fingertips gradually moved down, sliding over his face, tracing his rugged features, and gliding over his firm chest.

Michael's breathing was deep, his hands clenched into tight fists,veins bulging on his arms.

He felt that if Isabela continued to touch him, his life would flow away with the water in the tub because of the pleasure she gave him.

He opened his arms, hugging Isabella, kissing her flat stomach, his hot kisses moving downward, tearing away the fabric at her waist. His lips found the hot spring between her legs, his nimble tongue exploring as he was sucking.


Isabella's legs trembled, losing their ability to support her. She leaned against the glass beside the tub. Although she knew no one outside could see them, the open view still made her feel ashamed. With Michael's sucking, waves of desire surged within her. She looked at the twinkling lights outside the window with dazed eyes. At that moment, everything felt like a ridiculous dream. For a long time, the lights of Evergreen Valley became the most beautiful scenery in Isabella's memory.

Just as Isabella felt her legs trembling violently, and she was about to collapse, Michael lifted her and placed her in the water.

Before Isabella could react, Michael pressed her down.

The bathtub was slippery, and Isabella couldn't find a grip. Her long arms

wrapped around him like vines, and her legs hooked around his waist,letting him take control. Their bodies pressed tightly together, Isabella felt his strength between his legs, pressing against her.

Isabella freed one hand, threading it through Michael's hair. She lightly kissed his nose, givinghim a radiant smile.

Michael seemed bewitched, or provoked, or invited. He lifted Isabella's hips,thrusting his hardness into Isabella's warm, soft cave.

The insertion in the water wasn't as smooth as imagined. He thrust in impatiently. Isabella felt like she was being torn apart, unable to hold back a painful moan. Michael swallowed her moan with a kiss.

With Michael's thrusts, the water in the bathtub surged like waves,crashing against Isabella's breasts, like two big hands, kneading them.With each wave of rising desire, Isabella enjoyed the dual impact of pain and caresses. She couldn't help but lift her head, actively kissing Michael.

Her nimble tongue licked Michael's palate, slid over his teeth, teasing his tongue,chasing it.

Michael couldn't catch Isabella's nimble tongue, so he took all his revenge on her body. He thrust mercilessly, as if the Isabella beneath him wasn't his lover but someone he had a grudge against. With each thrust,he was killing her.

Isabella couldn't take it, shouting loudly, moaning, calling Michael's name,begging for mercy.

At this moment, Michael was like a mad beast. Isabella's pleas for mercy only made him more violent. With a series of rapid thrusts, Michael roared,releasing inside Isabella's body.

Isabella's body went limp. As soon as Michael let go,she collapsed in the bathtub.

Michael picked up the showerhead, rinsing them both clean. Isabella, like a doll, let him do as he pleased. Soon, she was lying on the edge of the bathtub,asleep.

Michael chuckled. After enjoying himself, he should clean up. He dried Isabella's body, patiently washed her hair, placed her on the bed, and held her as they fell into a deep sleep.

They slept well through the night.

However,someone couldn't sleep.

Vaughn lay on his luxurious suite's comfortable bed, tossing and turning,unable to understand how Michael got involved with Isabella.

Since he couldn't figure it out, Vaughn decided to find someone to think with him.


He called Jeremy, "Jeremy, did you know Michael is in a relationship?"

Jeremy, woken up from his sleep by Vaughn, said irritably, "Yes, Isabella from Eric's department in your branch."

"You found that out earler, didn't you?" Vaughn was furious. It turned out he was the last one to find out. He questioned Jeremy, "Why didn't you tell me? You used to say he was with Eric."

Jeremy, also angry, said, "You're blaming me? You hang out with them every day and didn't notice, and now you're questioning me?"

With that,Jeremy hung up the phone.

The more Vaughn thought about it, the angrier he got. He was angry that they didn't tell him Isabella was Michael's, making him look foolish. If word got out that he confessed to Isabella, they would definitely laugh at him.

Vaughn picked up his phone and sent Isabella a message: [Let's pretend that never happened.]

However, he didn't receive a reply.

Vaughn, full of frustration with nowhere to vent. howled like a wolf in his room all night.

Fortunately, the soundproofing of the luxurious suite was good.
 
###Chapter 70 What Happened When You and Mr. Johnson Went on a Business Trip

In the afternoon, the sun was warm, and the air had that lazy,tired vibe.

"Isabella, come out. I need to ask you something." Olivia called out.and the two of them headed to the restroom together.

After making sure no one else was inside, Olivia put up a "Maintenance in Progress, Temporarily Closed" sign on the door. Then she turned to Isabella, "So,did anything happen on that business trip with Mr. Johnson?"

Isabella looked surprised and shot back. "What did you find out?"

Olivia smirked, "Mr. Johnson used to love calling you to his office, and he d pop by our office for no reason. But since you guys got back, he hasn't shown up once or called you. It's like he's avoiding you."

"Nothing happened," Isabella said, trying to keep her cool. "Olivia, you're overthinking it."

"Something definitely happened!" Olivia insisted. "You can't fool me with that look on your face."


"Olivia, just drop it." Isabella pleaded.

"Something did happen?" Olivia's eyes widened. "If you don't want to say,then I'll guess. Did you find out some dirt on Mr.Johnson?"

Isabella shook her head.

"Did Mr.Johnson fart in front of you?" Olivia asked.

Isabella shook her head and couldn't help but laugh.

"Did Mr.Johnson owe you money?" Olivia continued.

Isabella thought about it and nodded.

"He won't sign off for you?" Olivia said, getting angry.

Isabella explained, "No. This part of the money is a personal expense,so the company won't reimburse it."

Olivia said. "There's a personal expense the company won't cover,and you still say nothing happened between you two?"

"He got sick, and I paid for his hospital and medical bills. That's all,"Isabella said.


"What kind of illness needed hospitalization?" Olivia scoffed. "Rich people are so delicate."


"He was pretty serious at the time," Isabella explained. "He threw up all over the plane, on himself too, and passed out."

"That's Mr. Johnson?" Olivia's face was a mix of disgust and disbelief."Isabella, do you know why he got sick on the plane?"

Isabella shook her head. "I don't know. But Mr. Johnson said he was allergic to the air on the plane."

"He's really making things up," Olivia said, pulling out her phone. "Look,someone on the plane took a video and posted it online. It says a weirdo drank all the free drinks, got poisoned, threw up everywhere, and passed out."


Isabella took Olivia's phone and looked. It was indeed the scene from that time. They looked at each other, speechless.

After a long silence, Olivia said, "No wonder Mr. Johnson is avoiding you.He's afraid of seeing you and being reminded of those unpleasant memories. But he owes you money. Does he think he can escape by

avoiding you?"

"Not really," Isabella quickly explained. "I didn't go to Mr. Johnson for a signature, so it's not entirely his fault."

Olivia said angrily, "How is it not his fault? You spent money and effort.He should have come to you, reimbursed you, and thanked you. But he avoids you now.Leave it to me. I'll get the money back for you."

"Olivia. no need..." Isabella tried to explain, but Olivia had already bolted.

At lunchtime, Isabella was about to find Olivia when Olivia came rushing over and dragged her out.

"Olivia.where are we going?" Isabella asked, confused.

Typically, lunch at the company cafeteria was a daily ritual. Given the smaller size of the branch office, the food quality there was exceptional,especially since the company had recently hired a new chef who could whip up a variety of dishes, never repeating the same one in a week.

Except for Vaughn, everyone usually gathered in the cafeteria, partly out of curiosity about the chef's new dishes and partly because the food was just too good.

Isabella thought, 'Olivia loves the cafeteria food, so why is she running out today?

Olivia ran so fast that Isabella almost lost her.

Isabella thought Olivia had found a good restaurant and was rushing to get a seat, but she stopped in front of a long-standing fast-food joint on the corner.

When Isabella caught up, she asked, "Olivia, are we eating here today?"

"You'll see," Olivia said, pulling Isabella inside.

"Mr. Johnson? Olivia, what are you doing?" Isabella asked, shocked to see Vaughn in the corner.She turned to leave.

Olivia wouldn't let her go, pulling her back and saying, "Why are you leaving? Ask him for the money first. We work hard for our money; he can't just take it from us."

"No, Olivia. Things aren't what you think. Just leave it alone!" Isabella pleaded.

She didn't want to see Vaughn, and he didn't want to see her either.

"Mr. Johnson, something happened during your business trip with Isabella.
Have you forgotten?" Olivia said.

Vaughn stood up, staring at Isabella, and asked, "You told her?"

Isabella quickly explained, "Mr. Johnson, you misunderstood. Olivia is talking about..."

Olivia interrupted her, "Mr. Johnson, how can you be like this? Isabella spent money and effort for you, and now you're blaming her."

Vaughn stood trembling with anger, his eyes burning holes into Olivia as her lips moved,likely mocking him with biting words.

He couldn't take it anymore and stormed out ofthe fast-food joint.

Vaughn ran back to the office in a rage, throwing the files on his desk to the floor. His secretary came in, saw him fuming, and quickly closed the office door,quietly watching him vent.

After Vaughn had calmed down a bit, the office was a mess. He told his secretary,"Fire Olivia and Isabella. I never want to see them again."

The secretary was shocked and suggested, "Mr. Johnson, maybe you should reconsider?"

Vaughn said coldly, "What? I don't have the right to fire two people? I've already considered it. Go notify HR to process their termination and inform finance to settle their pay."

The secretary quickly agreed and left, but first went to Eric's office.

Back at the fast-food joint, watching Vaughn rush out in a panic, Olivia looked at Isabella in confusion and asked, "Isabella, what really happened on that business trip?"

Isabella said helplessly, "I'm sorry, Olivia. I can't say. It's better for everyone if I don't."


Both of them, lost in their thoughts,returned to the office.

 
###Chapter 71 I Never Want to See You Again

As soon as Isabella and Olivia walked into the office, Eric called them over,looking pretty serious.

"Alright, spill it. How did you two,manage to tick off Mr. Johnson?" Eric asked,his face all stern.

"No way! Is Mr. Johnson really that touchy? All I did was ask him to cover Isabella's expenses. Does he really need to fire us over that?" Olivía said,clearly frustrated.

Isabella kept quiet; she had a feeling she might've really pushed Vaughn's buttons this time.


Seeing Isabella's silence, Eric knew there was more to the story than Olivia was letting on.

"Olivia, step outside for a bit," Eric said firmly.

"Why should I? What about Isabella? What do you need to say to her alone? Or does she need to tell you something about their trip?" Olivia asked, looking confused as she glanced between Eric and Isabella.

"Olivia, are you serious? This is a workplace, not your living room. You need to control your temper, or you'll end up causing trouble for everyone,"Eric said coldly.

"Eric, what are you getting at?" Olivia asked, clearly annoyed.

"If you don't want to get fired, just listen to me and go outside," Eric said.his face stern, clearly losing patience.

Isabella quickly tugged on Olivia's sleeve,signaling her to follow Eric's instructions.

Olivia huffed and walked out. Not far away, she came back and hid

behind the plants near the door, trying to eavesdrop on what was going on between Isabella and Vaughn.


Eric, noticing her antics, let out an exasperated sigh, "Close the door from .the outside!".


Startled, Olivia came out from behind the plants and obediently closed the door.


With the door closed, Eric turned to Isabella, "Isabella, you know why I asked Olivia to leave. If it was just about the reimbursement,Mr.Johnson wouldn't have fired you in a fit of anger. So, what really happened during your business trip with Mr. Johnson?"


Isabella took a deep breath and said helplessly, "Mr. Allen, Mr. Johnson is so angry because this matter is not suitable for others to know. It's better for everyone not to know. I owe Olivia an apology. She sensed something was wrong and kept pressing me. I wanted to make up an excuse,but she went to Mr. Johnson for me."


Eric said seriously, "If it was just your own issue, I wouldn't ask. But this matter also involves Olivia. Although it was caused by her impulsiveness,you should know she did it for your sake. You don't want her to be fired because of you,do you?"

Isabella said, "Mr. Allen, don't worry. I will definitely keep Olivia's job."

Eric said, "If you don't want to leave either, tell me the reason. Maybe I can help you think of a solution."


Isabella smiled beautifully and resolutely, and said, "Mr. Allen,before today's incident, Mr. Johnson and I were already avoiding each other. So,there's no point in me staying. Leaving is just a matter of time."

Eric thought for a moment, his expression gradually relaxing.He smiled at Isabella. "Then hândle it yourself. Don't worry. I can help you."

Isabella said gratefully, "Thank you, Mr. Allen."

Eric waved his hand, signaling she could leave.

As Isabella was about to leave, she heard Eric say, "This time, Michael owes me a big favor."

As soon as Isabella stepped out, Olivia rushed over and asked anxiously,"Isabella,how did it go?".

Isabella reassured her, "It's fine. I'm going to see Mr. Johnson."

"I'll go with you!" Olivia insisted.

Eric came out and pulled Olivia into his office.

"Eric, if you don't let me go, what if Mr. Johnson bullies Isabella?" Olivia said anxiously once they were inside.


"Olivia, you need to handle what you can. Acting on impulse will only make things worse for everyone," Eric said, looking at Olivia with a sigh.


"Are you saying Isabella's current situation is my fault?" Olivia asked,staring at Eric in disbelief.

"Think about it. Why didn't she go to Mr. Johnson for a signature herself?Why didn't she tell you what happened? Why is Mr. Johnson so angry?"Eric broke it down for Olivia.


"Isn't it because Mr. Johnson is just being petty?" Olivia mumbled.

Eric was so angry that he wondered if she was thinking clearly.

Isabella stood outside Vaughn's office. Taking a deep breath, she gathered her courage and knocked on the door.

Vaughn, hearing the knock, thought someone was there to report work.

Without looking up, he said, "Come in!"

"Mr.Johnson," Isabella greeted.

Vaughn was visibly shocked, his expression chaotic. He asked in a low voice."Why is it you?"

"Mr. Johnson, I've received your decision," Isabella said calmly.

Vaughn, feeling guilty but also justified, said, "Seeing you makes me uncomfortable. I assume you feel the same, so I want you to leave. Let's give each other a break. Don't blame me; I'll make sure the finance department gives you a few extra months' salary."

Isabella said righteously, "Mr. Johnson, I know we make each other uncomfortable. Don't worry. I will leave. But can you not take it out on Olivia? This has nothing to do with her."


Vaughn said angrily, "If you hadn't told her about that, would I also feel uncomfortable seeing her?"

Isabella swore, "Mr. Johnson, I swear on my life, I haven't told anyone about that, not even my husband. So you can rest assured. Olivia doesn't know. She went to you because of the medical expenses."

Isabella paused and continued, "My business trip expenses couldn't be reimbursed by finance. Those hospital bills need your signature, so Olivia went to you for the reimbursement."

Vaughn thought, 'So that's what it was. I had almost forgotten about my hospitalization. So, Isabella came for the hospital reimbursement!

He was speechless; he hadn't considered the hospital fees a big deal.

"You married Michael and stiIl care about this little money? So petty,"Vaughn complained.

He picked up his wallet, only to find it empty. Frustrated,he picked up his phone to transfer the money, but the transaction exceeded its limit.

Seeing Vaughn couldn't handle it with his wallet and phone,Isabella,thinking of Michael and Vaughn as family, said, "Forget it. I don't need it.YouI're busy; I'll leave."


Vaughn felt insulted and said, aggrieved, "Do you think I'm short of this little money?"

He had been fined a huge amount by the head office for an incident, and now he was indeed short of money.

Isabella smiled. "It's not much money. You and Michael are acquaintances,so you don't need to pay me back."


Vaughn felt blatantly disrespected. But he really had no money. He pretended and said,"You said it, not me."

He paused and continued, "Don't think that I'll let you stay just because you don't ask for the hospital fees. I won't compromise;you must leave."
 
###Chapter 72 You Go to Headquarters

Isabella walked out of Vaughn's office, letting out a heavy sigh. She'd promised to back Michael up, but she didn't think she'd lose her job so fast.


She thought, 'No way I can tell Michael. He knows how much this job means to me; he won't buy that I quit on my own. If I say Vaughn fired me, he'll definitely dig intoit.'

Olivia was waiting by the door and rushed over as soon as she saw Isabella.


"Isabella, how'd it go? What did Mr. Johnson say?" Olivia asked, her voice full of concern.


Isabella gave Olivia a reassuring smile. In this crazy world, Olivia was one of the few who genuinely cared about her.

"Olivia, don't stress. I talked to Mr. Johnson. You don't have to quit; you can stay at the branch office," Isabella said.


"But what about you? Isabella,what are you gonna do?" Olivia was almost in tears, feeling guilty for causing Isabella so much trouble.

"I..." Isabella hesitated, having no clue what her next move was.

"Isabella, come on, tell me. What are you gonna do?" Olivia pressed.

Just then,Eric walked over and answered for her, "She's being transferred to the headquarters."


Isabella shot Eric a grateful look and whispered, "Thanks!"

But she wasn't sure if Eric was just covering for her or if the headquarters had really approved her transfer.

"Really? That's awesome, Isabella. It's like a promotion. I heard the headquarters pays way more," Olivia said, trying to be optimistic.

"I've already talked to the headquarters. You're being transferred there.You can start right away," Eric confirmed.

"Thank you!" Isabella said, genuinely grateful.

"No need to thank me. It's no big deal for me. After all,I'm Mr.Johnson's boyfriend. But I'll expect Michael to return the favor," Eric said with a smirk.


Isabella quickly replied, "Mr. Allen, don't worry. I'll tell Michael when I get home and have him treat you to dinner."

Eric smiled and said, "Alright, I'll be waiting."

But he thought to himself, 'The favor I want is worth way more than a dinner.'


He was fully aware that Isabella remained oblivious to Michael's true identity, and he had no intention of revealing it. It was their business as a couple, and he didn't want to meddle too much.


His decision to move Isabella to the headquarters had been influenced predominantly by Olivia, who lost all sense of reason when it came to Isabella. It was evident that keeping them apart at work was the wisest course of action.


The HR department quickly processed Isabella's resignation from the branch office.


Eric had already informed the headquarters, transferring Isabella to Design Department 2.


Isabella's move to the headquarters was clearly a step up.

Except for Olivia, who was bummed out, everyone else in the office was envious and congratulated Isabella.


Isabella left the branch office amidst the envy and well-wishes of her old colleagues and headed to the company headquarters.

Upon her arrival at Design Department 2, her unexpected presence sparked curiosity. The department wasn't short-staffed,and there were no hiring plans.Why did a new colleague show up just before the end of the workday?


In the break room, the restroom, and anywhere Cecilia Thorne, the formidable department head, couldn't overhear, speculation ran wild.

"The HR department's about to clock out. You can handle the onboarding stuff first thing tomorrow morning," Cecilia said, sitting behind her desk.Her sharp eyes peered through thick glasses, making Isabella feel like she was being hunted.

"Alright, thank you, Ms. Thorne," Isabella replied.

Cecilia gave her a disdainful look, snorted, and went back to her work,ignoring Isabella.

"Ms. Thorne, if there's nothing else, I'll head out," Isabella said politely and left the supervisor's office.

Isabella walked into the department's office area. Even though it was just a small part of the design division, it was way bigger than her old office at the branch.


There were more staff members too, but they weren't as friendly.Isabella stood there for a while, but no one paid her any attention. Everyone was busy with their own tasks. Occasionally, someone would get up, but it was either to go to the restroom or grab water from the break room.

Isabella found an empty seat and sat down. She had questions but no one to ask.


Finally, it was time to leave, but none of her colleagues left. They all stayed at their desks, working diligently.

Isabella, having just arrived and with nothing to do, was debating whether to leave when Michael called.

"Isabella, I'm waiting for you downstairs. Why haven't you come down yet?"he asked.


Isabella slapped her forehead, realizing she had forgotten to tell Michael she was now at the headquarters.

"Michael, I'mn not at the brańch," Isabella said carefully. "I'm at the company headquarters."

"Alright, wait for me upstairs. Don't come down early. I'l call you when I arrive," Michael replied.

"Okay."

After hanging up, Isabella sat at her desk, worried about how to explain everything to him.


When Michael's call came in again, Isabella still hadn't figured out a strategy.


Actually, on his way, Michael had received a call from Eric, who filled him in on the situation.


He didn't understand why Vaughn insisted on making Isabella leave.He thought Vaughn might have some ulterior motive.

Michael wished he could turn back time and never have transferred Vaughn to the branch.

"Isabella, come down. I'm here," Michael said gently.

Seeing a room full of colleagues working overtime, Isabella quietly left.

On the way, Isabella remained silent.

Michael took her hand, playing with her slender fingers, and said, "Isabella,what's wrong? You seem upset."

"Michael, I need to tell you something, but you can't get mad,and you can't go looking for trouble," Isabella said.

After getting Michael's assurance, Isabella bit her lip and told him about her transfer from the branch to the headquarters.

"Why did they suddenly transfer you to the headquarters?" Michael was puzzled.
 
###Chapter 73 Lucy's Provocation

Isabella couldn't tell him it was because Vaughn had confessed to her and been rejected, not wanting to see her anymore, which led to his decision to have her moved away.


She could only explain, "It might be because Vaughn had an embarrassing incident on the plane and he felt humiliated. Since I know about this awkward situation, Vaughn doesn't want to see me around. So, he asked me to resign voluntarily. Fortunately, Eric helped me by arranging a position for me at the headquarters, so I don't end up suddenly unemployed."

Michael was speechless. HHe couldn't understand Vaughn's thinking and didn't expect Vaughn to be bold enough to fire Isabella.


Thinking about her visit to the headquarters that afternoon, Isabella couldn't help but share her feelings with Michael. "Michael, even though I was only at the headquarters for a bit, I could totally feel the difference. At the branch, we're all laid-back. We chat, share snacks during breaks,and welcome new faces. But at the headquarters, everyone seems so wrapped up in their own stuff."


Sensing Isabella's anxiety, Michael patted her hand and tried to comfort her. "Yeah, there's a big difference. The branch is far from the center of power, and the performance pressure isn't as intense. So, people get along better. But at the headquarters, it's all about strict rules and performance.Colleagues are both partners and competitors, so everyone's super focused on their work. It's normal to feel out of place coming from the branch.If you can't adapt, we can always quit."

Hearing Michael mention quitting again, Isabella quickly said,"I just noticed the difference. The real work hasn't even started yet. Don't worry.With my skills, I'll be fine."

To make Michael believe her, Isabella forced a bright smile.

She dreaded hearing him talk about quitting. If she stopped working, they'd end up languishing at home, staring at each other while their savings dwindled. Just thinking about that scenario made Isabella anxious. So, no matter how tough the work at the headquarters was, she had to stick with it.


"As long as you're happy!" Michael said, feeling like he could agree to anything Isabella wanted.

Jerry drove the car to the villa. As soon as Michael helped Isabella out of the car, a cute voice called out, "Baby."

Her voice came first, and then Lucy followed, launching herself into Michael's arms lke a little cannonball.

Michael grabbed her by the collar and tossed her aside like she was a puppy.

"I warned you, don't call me that again!" Michael said sternly, his face dark.


"Fine, I won't call you that! Why are you so mean?" Lucy grumbled in dissatisfaction.

Ignoring Lucy, Michael took Isabella's hand and walked towards the villa.

Lucy caught up, grabbing Michael with one hand and pointingat Isabella with the other, angrily asking, "Is it because of her that you won't let me call you baby?"

"Show some respect to her. She's my wife," Michael said, pushing Lucy's hand away and pulling Isabella close. "Don't be so rude."

"Why should I respect her? You haven't even brought her home.Have

Grandpa and Qiana accepted her? I don't accept her," Lucy said disdainfully.

"Lucy, Isabella is the one I've chosen1. Whether you accept it or not, she is your elder, and you'd better respect her. Otherwise, don't blame me for being rude," Michael said seriously, his face darkening.

Lucy didn't say anything more, though her face still showed some defiance.It was clear she was quite afraid of Michael's anger.

"Isabella, let me introduce you," Michael said gently to Isabella, as if he had become a different person. "This is Lucy, my cousin. She was spoiled growing up. If she's rude to you, don't tolerate it."

Hearing Michael's introduction, Isabella turned and smiled at Lucy,greeting her, "Hello, Ms. Kim."


Lucy ignored Isabella andinstead shouted at Michael, "So you can speak gently! Why are you always so mean to me?"


"Isabella is my wife. You're just my cousin," Michael said nonchalantly.

"Michael!" Lucy exclaimed in disbelief, her voice rising several octaves."Is that really you? Did she drug you?"

"I want to be with her. Even Grandpa and Qiana don't interfere, so what right do you have?" Michael said dismissively.

"You..." Lucy was so angry she couldn't speak.

Watching Michael and Lucy bicker, Isabella felt a pang of envy.She thought that they must have a really good relationship to speak so freely with each other.


Michael's phone rang. Instead of answering it immediately, he told Isabella,"Take Lucy inside. I'll join you after I take this call."

Lucy paid no attention to Isabella, walking inside on her own and sitting on the sofa, ordering Ava to make her some juice.

Ava looked at Isabella, waiting for her to speak. Then Isabella softly told Ava, "Go ahead. This is Ms. Kim, Michael's cousin. Take good care of her."

Ava nodded and went to make the juice.

"I didn't expect Michael to let you stay in his villa. You must have some skills. But you should realize that Michael doesn't really like you. Look, he even takes his calls away from you, which means he doesn't want you1 to know his business," Lucy said smugly.

"I know," Isabella said calmly.

Lucy asked in surprise, "You know he doesn't like you?"

"Yes," Isabella replied. "So, don't try to make me angry. I won't get mad at him just because he doesn't like me."


"Then why did you marry him?" Lucy pressed.

"He's handsome!" Isabella 'laughed. "If you have to get married for some reason,you might as well choose someone good-looking!"

"You chose Michael?" Lucy said in disbelief. "No way. Michael has never lacked women around him, many of whom are much better than you.How could it be your turn to choose him?"

"There are many girls around Michael?" Isabella asked curiously.

Lucy snorted proudly, "Of course. With Michael's status,he can have any girl in the city he wants. He's the most outstanding guy in the Johnson Family. Forget it. You can't even imagine."

"In your eyes, he's that outstanding?" Isabella murmured.

Lucy replied, "Of course. If Michael is the moon in the sky, you're just a shadow on the ground. If you have any self-awareness, you need to leave Michael on your own."

"Thank you, Lucy," Isabella suddenly said.

Lucy was puzzled."Why are you thanking me?"

"If you hadn't told me; I wouldn't have known Michael was so great!"Isabella smiled. "I need to treat him even better so no other woman can take him away."

Lucy was furious and shouted at Isabella, "Isabella, how can you be so shameless?"


"What are you yelling about?" Michael walked in after finishing his call and said, "No manners."


Lucy,red-faced with anger, stomped her foot and pointed at Isabella,complaining to Michael, "Michael, she's bullying me!"

"With a temper like yours, who could ever bully you?" Michael said,tapping her on the head with his finger. "Even if Isabela is bullying you,it's just her offering you some guidance.Understand?"

Isabella felt a bit awkward. She didn't dare to actually discipline Lucy,but she did intend to tease her a bit. After all, Lucy had been trying to stir up trouble between her and Michael.

"Leave now. We're about to have dinner," Michael said, not giving her a chance to speak further, and shut the door on her.

Lucy banged on the door for a while, but seeing no one was paying attention, she eventually went home.
 
###Chapter 74 Their Daily Entertainment

Isabella watched Michael drive off with Lucy and asked, "You just sent Lucy away like that. Won't your aunt be mad?"

Michael shrugged, "Nah, they're used to it."

"You're something else!" Isabella said, "I wish I could be as chill as you."


Michael sat down next to her, looked her in the eyes, and said, "Isabella,with me, you can be. You don't have to be so on edge all the time."

No one had ever said that to Isabella before, and it touched her. Only those who were truly cared for could be so fearless. She wondered if she was that person for Michael.

After dinner, Michael said, "I gotta head out fora bit. Do you wanna come with me?"


Isabella shook her head; she preferred to stay home.

Michael changed his clothes and was about to leave when he turned back and asked, "Isabella, aren't you gonna ask where I'm going?”

He looked a bit hopeful, so Isabella played along,"Where are you going?"

"The bar," Michael said, almost like he was talking to himself.

"Oh, go ahead!" Isabella didn't seem too interested.

Michael sighed and left.

Isabella felt likesomething was off. Just as his car started, she ran out and shouted, "Mr. Johnson, you forgot something."

Michael paused, then rolled down the window, a look of mild curiosity mixed with a hint of exasperation on his face.

Isabella mimicked his usual style and kissed him, holding his head to deepen the kiss.


After thekiss, all of Michael's frustration melted away. He felt that Isabella just didn't know how to show her love yet, and he needed to teach her slowly.


Jerry drove Michael to the bar where Jeremy was waiting.

Michael got out of the car, and Jeremy rushed over, "Oh, Mr. Johnson, you're finally here. Vaughn's in bad shape, drinkinglike he wants to end it all."

Michael said, "Let him drink! If he doesn't drink himself to death, I'll beat him to death."


Michael walked into their usual private room and saw Vaughn, already drunk and barely coherent, "You...you are coming."

Michael stepped forward, grabbed Vaughn by the collar, and lifted him up,making him stand in front of the sofa.

Vaughn swayed like a reed in the wind.

Michael sat down on the sofa, not even looking up, and asked, "Why did you fire her?"


Vaughn slurred, "Didn't she... tell you?"

"She did," Michael said, "I want to hear your side."

"Did she say... that I ate something on the plane, had an allergic reaction...and threw up everywhere? I felt... embarrassed, afraid she'd...tell...so I...fired her!" Vaughn stammered, "But... she... really... kept her word."

Michael stood up, grabbed a glass of ice water from the table, and poured it over Vaughn. Then he asked, "So, what's the real reason?"

Half of Vaughn's drunkenness instantly sobered up.

Michael sat back down on the sofa, playing with a cigarette in his hand,and asked, "Ill ask again, what's the real reason?"

Vaughn smiled bitterly, thinking, 'Can I even say the real reason?'

Vaughn said, "Just take that as the real reason! Anyway, even if I didn't fire her, Grandpa and Qiana would have done it sooner or later."

Jeremy, who was listening on the side, turned pale when he realized that Vaughn had fired Isabella. He silently mourned for Vaughn in his heart,Vaughn, you're on your own now!


Michael stared at him coldly and said, "Who I like and who I'm with is my business. Neither Grandpa nor Qiana can interfere, let alone you!"


Vaughn felt weak and sat down on the floor, saying, "Yes, I have no right to question who you like. I'm just curious, why her? Are you planning to be with her forever, or are you just playing around?"

Jeremy snorted coldly and said, "You know him. How could Michael ever be serious about Isabella? He's just playing around with her. Otherwise,why hasn't he revealed his identity or taken Isabella home?"

Vaughn's eyes were red as he looked up at Michael and pleaded, "Michael,I've never asked you for anything since we were kids. Today, I'm begging you. If you're just playing with her, can you let her go sooner? Don't let her fall too deep. Or, can I ask for something more? Can you play with another woman?"


Michael was furious, thinking, 'Why does everyone think I'm just playing with Isabella? Can't they see how serious I'm about her?'

"He's drunk. Take him home. I'm leaving," Michael said to Jeremy.

With that,he stood up to leave.

Jeremy came over and pushed him back onto the sofa, saying, "You can't leave now. Can you do me a favor? My friends heard you were coming and want to see you. They're waiting outside! Even the young master of the Roberts Family is here. Don't you want to meet him?"

Michael sighed deeply, pinching the bridge of his nose in exasperation, "Jeremy,how much are you planning to sell me for this time?"

Jeremy smiled slyly. "You're priceless! Just sitting here and saying a few words will bring us a lot of business."

Michael thought to himself, 'If Jeremy put even half the effort into pursuing Qiana as he does into making money for the company, he wouldn't have to work so hard.'

"Let them in," Michael said.

Jeremy immediately went out to arrange it.

The young masters and heirs of the circle came over to greet Michael.Some young masters brought their female companions, who also gathered around Michael, flattering him but not daring to make a move due to the cold aura he exuded.


Lucy got the news that everyone was going to see Michael, and some even brought female companions, presumably hoping to curry favor with Michael.She thought of a way to make Isabella leave Michael voluntarily.

She went to Michael's villa and dragged Isabella to the bar where they were gathering,regardless of whether Isabella agreed.

Standing at the door of the private room, Isabella saw this scene: Michael was lounging on the sofa with a woman on each side. One was peeling an apple for him, while the other was lighting his cigarette. In front of him,a

woman was singing, and a group of women were dancing.

'How decadent' Isabella cursed silently in her heart.

"See, this is their usual entertainment, the real Michael," Lucy said, pulling Isabella.


"What does it have to do with me?" Isabella said with a stern face, pushed Lucy away and quickly left the place.

Isabella was mentally rolling her eyes at Michael's ostentatious spending habits as she quickened her pace, desperate to get rid of the hyperactive and overly loud Lucy.

Lost in her thoughts, Isabella accidentally bumped into someone.The person steadied her and gently said, "Watch out."
 
###Chapter 75 The Boy Who Saved Her

"Sorry. I was in a rush. Did I hurt you?" Isabella asked, a bit flustered.

"It's you?" The guy she bumped into sounded surprised.

Isabella looked up and saw a familiar face. It was Austin, a tall guy she had to crane her neck to see properly.

"Don't you remember me?" Austin asked.

In an instant, the memory clicked for Isabella. She recalled that harrowing night when she'd been set up by Philip and Ivy, drugged and vulnerable.It was Austin who had stepped in just in time to rescue her from a dreadful fate.

"You're... Austin, right?" she said, still piecing it together.

"Yeah, Austin," he confirmed quickly, not wanting to drag it out.

Ever since that night he saved Isabella, she was always on his mind.He had gotten her WhatsApp but was too shy to message her, so he just followed her updates on social media. When he saw she was on a business trip to Evergreen Valley, he decided to follow, hoping for a chance meeting.Instead, he got bumped into by a stranger.

Just when he was about to give up on his little obsession, fate brought them together again.


"You agreed to treat me to a meal. Is it still valid now?" Austin asked,a bit hesitant.

Remembering how he had saved her, Isabella quickly said, "Of course! I should've done it sooner, but things got complicated, and I've been swamped. What do you want to eat? Any place in mind?"

"Actually, I'm new to Silvercrest City, so I don't know any good spots.I'll

go wherever you take me," Austin replied.

Isabella vaguely remembered seeinga Crestwood College badge on him when they first met, so she asked, "Are you a student at Crestwood College?



Austin nodded. "Yeah, I'm a freshman in the sports department."

"If you're up for it. I can show you some great places around the school,"Isabella suggested. She needed a break from Michael's nonsense, and the area around the university sounded perfect.

Austin's eyes lit up. "Are you also from Crestwood College?"

Isabella nodded. "Yep, but I graduated over a year ago. I'm your senior."

They decided on a place and were about to head out when a guy around Austin's age walked over. "Austin, why are you still here? It's starting over there. Come on, I'll take you to see who's here today!"

The guy tried to pull Austin away, but Austin sidestepped and said, "I'm not going. I've got other plans. If anyone asks, just apologize for me. We're leaving now."

With that, he grabbed Isabella's hand and they took off. The boy muttered under his breath, "Looks like Austin's got a crush."

Jeremy came over and asked, "Where's Mr.Roberts?"

The boy grinned and pointed in the direction Austin had gone. "Over there,just left. He's with a girl. Austin's got a crush."

Jeremy glanced at Austin and the girl he was holding hands with,dismissing the sight with a shrug before heading back inside.

He made his way through the crowd of beautiful women in the private room and whispered to Michael that Austin wvasn't coming.

Michael pushed away the woman next to him, stood up, and told Jeremy,"
I gotta go. Something came up."

Jeremy stopped him, looking all-knowing, and said, "You still can't forget her, right? The moment you heard her brother Austin wasn't coming,you wanted to bail. And you say you've moved on? If you had, would you care so much about Austin?"


Vaughn also stood up, grabbed Michael's sleeve, and said, "If you can't forget her, why not let go of Isabella and find someone else to mess around with?"


Michael shook Vaughn off and snorted, "You think you get a say in our business?"


With that,he stormed out.

Vaughn, thrown off balance, fell onto the sofa, hitting his already queasy stomach on the armrest. His stomach churned violently, and he vomited everywhere, like a fountain.

The room instantly reeked of sour, fouI vomit. The girls screamed and bolted, some using the excuse of dirty clothes to leave quickly. Only those ingratiating themselves with Jeremy or seeking favor from the Johnson Familyremained, obliging begrudgingly to clean up and take care of the mess.


Even after cleaning up, the vibe was totally killed. Jeremy took Vaughn away, and the rest went elsewhere to keep the party going.

Michael got home, and Ava told him that Isabella had been dragged away by Lucy.

Michael, holding his phone, called Isabella while heading out.

Isabella, shopping near the university with Austin,ignored the call,

juggling her phone in one hand and food in the other.

Lucy, unable to find Isabella, was freaking out. She was scared Michael would blame her if Isabella got lost, so she decided to check if Isabella had gone home.

Unexpectedly,she buamped into Michael just as she reached the door.

She was startled. "Michael, you're back."

After greeting him, she tried to sneak away.

Michael grabbed her and asked with a dark expression, "Where's Isabella?Where did you take her?"

"I went to your house to find you, but you weren't there, so I was heading to the bar to find you. But Isabella insisted on coming with me.How could I refuse her? What if she complained about me to you? So, I took her with me."


"You took her there? Where is she now?" Michael immediately asked.

"When we got there, we saw you on the sofa surrounded by women.She got mad and ran off. I chased after her but couldn't find her. I thought she went home." Lucy's voice grew smaller and smaller, too guilty to look at him.


She didn't need to look; she could feel his anger.
 
###Chapter 76 How to Please Mr. Johnson?

While wandering with Austin, Isabella saw Michael's name flashing on her phone screen. She figured he was probably surrounded by women, so she ignored the call. When he called again, she ignored it again.

"Isabella, who's blowing up your phone? You seem kinda upset," Austin asked,curious.


"Don't worry about it, just a wrong number," Isabella said, trying to sound casual.


Austin could tell she was in a bad mood, so he didn't push it and just followed her quietly.

Before they knew it, they ended up outside Willie and Elara's pizza shop.
Isabella suggested, "Hey, let's grab some pizza."

"Willie, Elara, can we get two pizzas?" Isabella called out as they walked in.

"Isabella! Great to see you! I'll get those started right away," Elara said,bringing over some snacks while they waited.

Isabella turned to Austin, "This is the oldest pizza place near Crestwood
College. The owners are super nice."

Then she introduced Elara, "Elara, this is Austin, a freshman at Crestwood College."


Willie brought over the pizzas, and as Isabella started eating,her phone kept buzzing in her pocket.

Meanwhile, Michael had Jerry driving him all over Silvercrest City. He couldn't believe he couldn't find Isabella in such a small place.

After a while, he realized finding her was harder than he thought,especially without any leads.

As he kept calling, he thought, 'Where could she be? She's nostalgic and needs security; she'll definitely go somewhere familiar.'

"Head to Crestwood College!" Michael told Jerry.

Arriving near Crestwood College, Michael scanned the area. Then,at Willie and Elara's pizza shop, he saw Isabella sitting inside, seemingly carefree,enjoying her pizza. And opposite her was a man who looked vaguely familiar to Michael.

Michael decided not to go in; he waited outside instead. The luxury car quickly drew a crowd of students taking pictures. Isabella noticed the commotion and looked out. Sure enough, she saw Michael's familiar black car.


"My husband's here to pick me up. Let's finish eating and go," Isabella said,looking down.

"What? Isabella, you're married?" Austin asked, surprised.

Isabella nodded. "Yeah, I haven't been married long."

Austin felt a sudden pang of disappointment.

"Isabella, you got married so early! I was just thinking of setting you up with someone!" Austin joked.

"My family's situation is kinda unique. My grandmother's health isn't great,and she wanted me to marry early," Isabella explained.

"Oh, so you got married for your grandmother!" Austin said, imagining some kind of arranged marriage.


"Let's go," Isabella suggested, seeing that Austin had almost finished eating.

She noticed Michael had been waiting in the car for a while. No matter how mad she was, she should go out now.

Their friendly interaction made Michael uncomfortable. When they came out, Michael got out of the car too.

"Michael, you're here!" Isabella greeted him with a smile, pretending everything was fine.

Instinctively, she felt she needed to keep up appearances in front of Austin.Isabella's initiative calmed Michael down halfway. He cooperated with her,walked up, and pulled her into a hug.

Austin was taken aback when he saw Michael. He didn't expect Isabella's husband to be the same Michael he met in Evergreen Valley.

Austin thought, 'Isn't he Lucy's husband? Is he cheatng?

Isabella turned to Austin and said, "My husband's here to pick me up.Where do you live? We can give you a ride!"

"Thanks, Isabella, but no need. I live on campus, just a short walk away,"Austin quickly declined, worried that if he kept talking to Isabella,he wouldn't be able to hold back from exposing Michael.

"Alright then, you should head back early and stay safe. Let me know when you get back to campus," Isabella reminded him.

Austin smiled brightly. "Got it, Isabella. You should go."

Isabella waved and walked towards the car.

Michael glanced at Austin, recognizing him as the guy Lucy had bumped into. Austin gave him a disdainful look and walked away.

Michael watched Austin leave, feeling his anger rise.

He thought, 'Isabella saw me with all those women at the bar, yet she can stiIl laugh and chat with Austin. Isn't she mad? Doesn't she care about me at all?'

Michael didn't want to think about it anymore and walked heavily towards the car.


As soon as he got in, he asked Isabella, "Lucy told me you went to the bar.Why didn't you say hi before leaving?"

His tone had a hint of hurt, like Isabella had ditched him to go have fun.

Isabella raised an eyebrow and said, "Say hi? No, I didn't wantto interrupt you."

"I'm your husband. Don't you feel any sense of ownership over me?"Michael's tone was full of resentment.

Isabella felt a sort of incredulous disbelef. Clearly, he was the one out having fun, surrounded by women, yet he was questioning her. She shot back, "You didn't push those women away. You enjoyed it,but you expect me to feel ownership? Lucy said this is your usual lifestyle. I can stop you today,but what about after that?"


"You're not jealous?" Michael asked, not ready to give up.

"Not jealous, because I know you're just playing around," Isabella said calmly.


"You're not angry?" Michael continued to ask.

"Very angry! That's why I left. I didn't want to see it!" Isabella said.

Michael pressed, "If you're angry, why don't you take it out on me? Why did you leave?"


"Mr. Johnson, do you really want me to throw a tantrum?" Isabella raised her head like a proud peacock and asked, "If I barged in, slapped you in the face, and then started yelling at you, would you be happy to see that?"

Michael was speechless. If Isabella had done that, he was sure he would

have been the laughingstock of Silvercrest City that night.

Isabella raised an eyebrow. Michael's reaction was just what she expected.

"Mr. Johnson, if I did that, you would be even more unhappy." She stood up. straddled his lap, and seductively lifted his chin, making Michael look up at her. "So, Mr. Johnson, tell me, what should I do to please you?"

Michael glanced up at Isabella, who was looking down at him with that smug expression. Her delicate hand was gripping his chin,making her look like some kind of queen.

He'd never seen this side of her before, and honestly, he found himself undeniably captivated by it. Under Isabella's confident stare, it was as if their roles had been completely reversed. Suddenly, Michael, who had always prided himself on his dominance, found himself feeling like a shy,timid bunny.

He couldn't help but think he must be a bit of a masochist because being pinned down by her was really doing it for him.
 
###Chapter 77 Isabella's Protection Fee

He sighed, "When did you get so tough?"

Isabella traced her finger down his face, fromn his forehead to his Adam's apple, and said sweetly, "Mr. Johnson, you said I could do whatever I wanted and you'd handle it. Does that not apply to you?"

Michael's breath hitched as he tried to keep his cool. "So what if it does and what if it doesn't?"


Isabella laughed softly, got off him, and sat beside him. She wrapped one arm around his neck and let her other hand wander between his legs,teasing him. She whispered in his ear, her body pressing against his, "Mr.Johnson, what do you think?"

Michael was loving this side of her. He figured she must've been riled up by what happened at the bar. Even if she wouldn't admit it,she was definitely jealous.

Isabella thought, 'You like those wild girls at the bar, huh? Well,I can play that game too, and better.'

She stopped holding back and decided to get her revenge. She kneIt on the seat, leaning over him with a playful glint in her eye. She raised an eyebrow and asked, "So, Mr. Johnson, what do you think?"

Michael cursed to himself, 'Isabella's such a tease! I'm still mad,and I haven't even dealt with the whole Austin thing. I can't let her seduce me.But she smells so good, she's so soft, so irresistible. Who could possibly resist her?


He couldn't help but pull her into his arms. He flipped her beneath him and whispered in her ear with a husky voice,"I can handle whatever you do, but you gotta pay a protection fee!"

Isabella was speechless. She thought, 'You're loaded, and you're asking me for money? Would you even take it if I gave it to you?

"How much do you want?" she asked.

Michael replied, "I don't need money. No matter how much you offer,I don't want it. The protection fee has to be something I like."

Isabella pressed her body against his, wrapping her arms around his neck,her lips brushing his ear as she whispered, "Mr. Johnson,do you like this?I'll give myself to you. Will you accept this protection fee?"

Michael's hand gripped her waist, pressing her soft body against his desire.He stared at her intensely and said, "Whether I accept it or not depends on how you give it to me. I like it when you gve it willingly."

Isabella was taken aback. She thought, 'Give myself willingly? I'm supposed to be in control here! How did I end up in debt? It seems like you're the one benefiting. No way. If you want to play, I'll play along.'

Isabella gave Michael a light kiss on the corner of his lips and said, "Since you like it when I give it willingly, don't move, Mr. Johnson. Otherwise, it's a foul!"


Michael flipped her onto his lap, giving her more room to move.

Isabella ran her hands through his hair, messing up his neat style. The tousled look made him even more irresistible. But she was a bit lost on what to do next.

After thinking for a bit, she took off his jacket and started unbuttoning his shirt, one button at a time, from his neck down to the last one, revealing his chiseled abs. Then she looked at his belt, her small hands trembling as she attempted to undo it, but nerves got the better of her. Whether it was from nerves or shyness, her face reddened,glowing like a summer sunset.
At some point, Jerry had alreadly parked the car in the villa's driveway and quietly left.

Michael watched theflustered but determined Isabella and chuckled,grabbing her hand and asking, "Should we go to the room or continue in the car?"


Worried that someone like Ava or Robert might see her if she got out of the car, Isabella shyly said, "Can we wait a bit before getting out?"

Michael couldn't help but poke her cheek, teasing. "Weren't you just being bold a moment ago?"


He suddenly had an idea and whispered in her ear, "Isabella, how about we make love in the car?"


He lowered his head slightly, gently kissing her earlobe, his tongue tracing her ear, his warm breath sending shivers down her spine.

Isabella's body trembled slightly, her heart racing, and she flushed as if the whole world had disappeared,leaving only the two of them.

"Do you want to, Isabella?" Michael's voice was deep and magnetic, with a hint of seduction, like a feather tickling her heart.

"Honey," she called softly, her voice trembling.

"Isabella, cal my name!" Michael coaxed gently but firmly.

"Michael," she whispered, her red lips barely forming the words,filled with shyness and tremor, like the morning breeze brushing over dewy rose petals.

Michael's hand gently caressed her back, moving like a snake, igniting a fiery trail. His face slowly approached, and he kissed her forehead, her eyes,her nose, their breaths mingling. He said, "Isabella, kiss me!"

Following his lead, Isabella wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him. Her kissing skills were a bit clumsy, their lips and teeth bumping together, lacking any technique, yet it was more captivating than any skilled kiss.

Their bodies pressed tightly together, and Isabella felt something hard against her abdomen. Feeling playful, she grabbed his hand,making him undo his belt, then her nimble right hand slipped inside, gently kneading his penis through the thin fabric.

Michael closed his eyes, unsure if he was enduring or enjoying it. Isabella brought him a new, unfamiliar sensation. He was torn between the urge to enter her fiercely and the wish for time to stop at this moment.

Isabella could clearly feel Michael's erection growing harder under her hand, the veins bulging even through the fabric.

"Isabella, let me in, please," Michael pleaded, regretting giving her the initiative.
 
###Chapter 78 Don't Bring the Bad Habits of theBranch Office to the Headquarters

When Michael regained his dominance, Isabella realized the consequences of her earlier impulsive words. She had the upper hand in their exchange,and he made sure she felt his dominance.


Isabella felt like Michael was playing with her. Her body endured his relentless and deep thrusts. She felt like her waist was about to snap. She clung to his shoulders, leaving marks on his back. In a moment of uncontrollable passion, she bit his shoulder, leaving faint teeth marks.

"My dear Isabella, you really have a sharp tongue," Michael chuckled softly,holding her tighter, as if he wanted to merge with her.

The next day, Isabela woke up late.

She had set an alarm with her last bit of rationality before sleep, because it was her first day officially working at the headquarters. She took it very seriously. But the alarm didn't go off.

"Isabella, sleep a little longer," Michael mumbled, holding her hand. "Your phone woke me up, and I just fell asleep."

Isabella broke free from his hand and sat up, saying, "You keep sleeping! I have to go to work. I'm almost late."

Michael's hand wrapped around her waist again,and he nuzzled his head against her waist and said, "I messaged Eric andgot you a day off. You can keep resting."


Seeing that he wouldn't let go, Isabella was so anxious she was almost in tears. "No, Michael. Today is my first day at the headquarters. Asking Mr.Allen for leave won't work."

Michael suddenly remembered this. He quickly let go of her, got out of bed

and said. "Isabella, don't worry. I'll take you."

Isabella got up, washed, and changed her clothes. She didn't have time to put on makeup, but fortunately, her youthful skin, now glowing with the afterglow of love, needed no embellishments.


Just as they were about to leave, Aaron came in and calmly said,"Mr.Johnson,should I take your business car for maintenance?"


Isabella suddenly blushed as she remembered what they had done in the car. It was so embarrassing.

Michael nodded and said to Aaron, "Take Ava with you. She's been here for a while and hasn't gone out yet."

This time, it was Aaron's turn to blush.

Isabella looked at Michael in surprise, then pointed at Aaron and looked at Ava.


Michael nodded and said, "They are actually a married couple."

Michael took Isabella to the garage, and she was amazed. All she saw were sports cars, but she wasn't interested in them, just thinking they must be expensive.


Michael casually picked one of the cars and drove Isabella to the Johnson Group headquarters.

Isabella didn't expect Michael to be such a good driver. They arrived at the company five minutes earlier than expected. Without a goodbye kiss or even a farewell glance, Isabella swiftly got out of the car and dashed off to her new workplace.

Michael felt like a taxi driver-no, even worse than a taxi driver. At least a taxi driver got paid; he got nothing. Parking the car in the underground

garage, he decided to seek out Jeremy to look after Isabella from the shadows.


"Mr. Johnson, you finally decided to come to work?" Jeremy said as he parked his car and walked towards Michael. "Isn't it less than three months? Why are you here early? Or were you unsatisfied yesterday? Did Ms. Taylor get mad and not let you in bed?"

"Vulgar!" Michael suddenly lost the desire to talk to Jeremy. He turned around. got back in the car, and went home to continue sleeping.

As for Isabella, she arrived at the office five minutes early and Cecilia called her in.


As soon as she entered Cecilia's office, Cecilia asked coldly, "Are all the people from your branch office this lazy?"

Isabella stared at her, stunned.

Cecilia tossed a stack of papers on the table, fuming. "Do you know we start work fifteen minutes earlier than the usual time?"

Isabella shook her head, clueless.

At the branch office, she always arrived just on time. As long as she was a second early, it wasn't considered late. She didn't know about this weird rule at the headquarters.

"Were you under Eric's supervision before? Did he recommend you?"Cecilia asked.

Isabella nodded. "Yes, I was in Mr. Eric Allen's department."

Cecilia sighed. "He's Mr. Victor Allen's son and works at the branch office,so he's more lenient in management. Plus, he's naturally more lax, so he probably wasn't strict with you. From today on, you're part of the

headquarters. Don't bring any bad habits from the branch office here.Otherwise,resign yourself."

Isabella nodded. "Thank you, Ms. Thorne. I understand."

Cecilia waved her hand dismissively. "Go to the HR department and complete your onboarding procedures."

"Okay. Ms. Thorne." Isabella replied and left, feeling relieved.

Cecilia had thought Isabella, being recommended by Eric, would be difficult to manage. But Isabella turned out to be a pretty and gentle girl.making it hard for Cecilia to find fault with her.

Isabella sat at her desk, organizing the documents needed for her onboarding, preparing to take them to the HR department.

"Someone really thinks she's important, being so arrogant. Late on the first day of work," a colleague named Bronte Langley said sarcastically.

Isabella, trying to be kind, thanked her, "Thank you. I'll be more careful next time."


The HR procedures went smoothly, and Isabella got her ID badge.

Just as Isabella returned to her desk, Bronte handed her a file folder and ordered, "Proofread this document. If there are no issues, make an electronic version, print fifty copies, and distribute them to everyone."

Isabella looked at the printed document and asked, "Is there an original electronic version? It would be easier to make changes directly on it."

Bronte, clearly annoyed, said, "Whether there's an original electronic version is none of your business. Everyone is busy, and no one has time to find a file for you. Just do what you're told and stop asking so mnany questions."

Isabella had wanted to suggest that printing fifty copies would waste toner and paper, and sending an email would be more convenient. But seeing Bronte's attitude and remembering Cecilia's warning not to bring bad habits from the branch office, she decided to adapt. She needed to stop thinking about the branch office and quickly adjust to the rules and systems here, integrating into her newlife.

Isabella spent the whole day working on the document. It wasn't until just before the end of the day that she finished everything.

With five minutes left before the end of the day, Michael texted her saying he had arrived.


Isabella replied, asking him to wait a bit as she would leave after work hours.


At that time, Bronte came out of Cecilia's office with a file folder and walked up to Isabella, saying, "Ms. Thorne wants you to take this document to the top floor and get Mr. Wright's signature."

Then she threw the file folder on Isabella's desk.


Isabella took the document and went to wait for the elevator, telling Michael she might be a bit late and asking him to wait for her.

At the elevator, Isabella realized that with her level, she couldn't access the top floor.
 
###Chapter 79 Don't Stay Here and Be Annoyin

"She doesn't have any beef with you. Why are you giving the new girl a hard time?" Giselle Montague, sitting across from Isabella, couldn't help but speak up when she saw Bronte being difficult.

Bronte shot back, "Giselle, you've been here for a long time. How can you not see it? It's not me but Ms. Thorne's orders. Are you planning to go against her?"


Giselle just sighed and went back to her work.

Isabella waited by the elevator, hoping to hitch a ride to the top floor with someone, but after three minutes, the elevator hadn't budged.

She returned to the officewith the documents and handed them to Bronte."I'm sorry. My employee card doesn't let me go to the top floor to get Mr.Wright's signature."

"If you can't go up, figure it out. Telling me won't help," Bronte said coldly.


"Can I borrow your card?" Isabella asked,clinging to a shred of hope.

Bronte laughed. "Are you serious? An employee card is like a driver's license; you can't just lend it out. Besides, if I lend it to you and you mess up, it all comes back to me! How you get the signature is your problem.Don't bother me again."


Isabella had no choice. Since no one would open the elevator for her,she decided to head to the first floor, where there were more people coming and going. Maybe someone would be heading to the top floor.

A middle-aged, balding man walked over and asked, "Hey, what are you doing here?"

"I need to go to the top floor, but my employee card doesn't have access,"Isabella explained softly.

The man suggested, "I can help you! Our maintenance department can go to any floor."


"Really?" Isabella said excitedly, "Could you take me up there?"

The man moved closer, brushing against Isabella's body. Feeling uncomfortable, Isabella stepped back and looked at him warily.

Seeing her reaction, the man realized he wouldn't get anything out of her and quickly changed his tune, "It's not that easy. The top floor's maintenance is separate and not under our control."

With that, he walked away, leaving Isabella standing there.

Isabella then encountered several people getting on the elevator, but none could help her.

She finally understood what Michael meant when he said people at headquarters were cold.


Michael had been waiting for a while after work, but Isabella hadn't come out. Thinking something might have happened, he called her. "Isabella,are you off work? Why haven't you come out yet?"

"Michael, you should go ahead without me," Isabella said. "I have a document that needs Mr. Wright's signature, but I can't get to the top floor.
"

Michael said, "Then find someone who can go up to get the signature."

As soon as he said this, he realized it wasn't about finding someone else to get the signature; Isabella was being given a hard time but was too embarrassed to tell him.
"Just wait. Maybe you'll find someone willing to take you to the top floor,"Michael said before hanging up.

Isabella was speechless, thinking he would come up with a good idea to help her.

Michael hung up on Isabella and called Jeremy. "Hey,Jeremy,where are you?... Come to the office. I'm waiting downstairs... It's not convenient to discuss this over the phone. Just come over; we need to talk in person...
Jeremy,please, I really need your help!"

Reluctantly, Jeremy got out of bed and headed to the office.

"Waiting for someone?" A clear male voice sounded behind Isabella.

She turned around to see a refined man with gold-rimmed glasses.

"Oh, I'm sorry, sir. Am I in your way?" Isabella said, moving aside.

Jeremy swiped his card and entered the elevator, saying, "Aren't you coming up?"

Isabella pointed to herself, "Can I?"

Jeremy nodded.

The elevator went straight to the top floor. Jeremy stepped out,and Isabella followed.


It was only then that she realized she didn't know Mr. Wright or where he was.


The top floor was quiet, and Isabella didn't know which way to go. Finally,she mustered the courage to ask, "Excuse me, sir, whereis Mr. Wright's office?"


Jeremy paused, then understood. He said, "Follow me."

He led her to an office door, unlocked it with a fingerprint scan and facial recognition, and took her inside.


Jeremy sat behind the desk. Seeing Isabella's stunned expression,he smiled and introduced himself, "I'm Jeremy Wright, the one you're looking for."

"You're Mr. Wright?" Isabella was both happy and surprised.

Jeremy adjusted his gold-rimmed glasses and nodded with a smile.

Isabella happily took out the document, respectfully handed it to Jeremy,and said, "Mr. Wright, I'm Isabella from the Design Department. I have a document that needs your signature."

Jeremy glanced through it, picked up a pen, and signed his name.

"Thank you, Mr. Wright." Isabella was so excited, on the verge of tears,giving Jeremy a deep bow. She had been prepared to stay until the document was signed, not expecting it to be so easy.

"You're welcome. It's already after hours. Go home quickly so no one has to wait for you," Jeremy said with a smile.

"How did you know someone was waiting for me?" Isabella asked,surprised.


Jeremy explained, "I saw him when I came back to the office. He asked me what time we get off work. You two look like a good match, so I guessed he was waiting for you."

Isabella blushed, bowed to Jeremy again, and left with the document.

After she left, Jeremy let out a long sigh of relief. He hadn't been feeling well and had a bit of a cold, so he went home early. Just as he was taking cold medicine and sweating under the covers, he got a call from Michael asking him to come back and help Isabella get to the top floor.

As a company vice president, he had specifically returned to sign a document for a new employee. There was probably no one else like himin all of Silvercrest City.

Isabella returned to the office and handed the document to Bronte.

Bronte looked at her in disbelief and asked, "Did you get someone to forge the signature?"

Isabella said calmly, "See for yourself."

Bronte took it out and saw that it was indeed Jeremy's handwriting. She muttered to herself, "That's impossible. Mr. Wright left early this afternoon.
11

Isabella said sternly, "So you knew Mr. Wright wasn't here. You sent me to get the signature on purpose to make things difficult for me? It's my first day, and I have no grudge against you. Why are you doing this?"

Bronte said angrily, "You have the nerve to ask why! Most people in our department work their way up from the bottom. But you got in through connections,breaking our department's tradition and dragging us down.You can ask around; no one in the department welcomes you! And don't complain. Ms. Thorne is the one who dislikes you the most. If you have any self-awareness, resign voluntarily and stop being a nuisance here."
 
###Chapter 80 He Wants to Expose This Marri age Scam

Isabella strutted out of the office, head held high, and made a beeline for Michael.

"All good?" Michael asked, noticing her upbeat mood and feeling like his favor to Jeremy had paid off.

"Yep,Mlichael. I didn't think Mr. Wright would be so nice. You always said people at headquarters were cold, and I saw it today. While I was waiting for the elevator, everyone ignored me, but Mr. Wright took me upstairs and signed the papers without a second thought."

"Isabella, that's just part of his job as VP. No need to be so grateful,"Michael said, a bit annoyed at her praise for Jeremy, especially since he was the one who pulled strings to get Jeremy to help her. But he couldn't exactly spill the beans about that.

Noticing Michael's irritation, Isabella stuck out her tongue playfully,trying to lighten the mood, "But to me, you're the best!"

"Really? What makes me so great?" Michael asked, eager for her answer.

"Michae1, you're the best person to me," Isabella said earnestly. Then she remembered something and asked, "Michael, if I get into trouble with someone else,would you still help me?"

Seeing her worried look, Michael knew she hadn't taken his words seriously. So he repeated, "Isabella, as long as I'm around, you can do whatever you want. Don't worry about others. I'll always have your back."

"Michael, I got into a fight on my first day at work. I feel like such a failure, but the other person was really out of line," Isabella said softly,looking down.

"Isabella, even at headquarters, you don't have to put up with that.If someone messes with you, mess with them back. If you don't want to do it yourself, tell me, and I'll handle it." Michael said, stroking her hair. "You did great today."


Isabella looked up at him, worried. "Will I cause you any trouble?"

Michael puffed out his chest and said, "I'm the one who causes trouble for others. No one dares to mess with me!"


Isabella laughed at his bravado.

Michael, captivated by her smile, leaned in for a kiss.

The car ride home got pretty cozy, but they arrived soon after.

Michael whispered in Isabella's ear, "Not in the car this time. Let's go upstairs."


Just as Jerry parked the car, Lucy popped up out of nowhere. "Michael,you're back!"


Michael ignored her and turned to Robert. "Who let her in?"

Robert just rubbed his hands, staying silent.

"I told you not to come here again. You're not welcome," Michael said coldly.


Isabella tugged at his arm, signaling him to ease up.

"I can't forgive her. She almost caused a misunderstanding between us,"Michael said firmly.

"Misunderstanding? Those were facts! Did she make you go to the nightclub and hang out with all those women? That's on you. She just happened to catch you," Isabella said, annoyed at Michael's attitude.

Lucy hid behind Isabella, giving her a thumbs-up.

Michael,feeling wronged, said, "They came onto me, not the other way around. If it makes you mad, I'll push them away next time."

"That's more like it!" Isabella said.

"Let's go upstairs," Michael said, pulling Isabella along.

Lucy trailed behind.

Michael turned back and asked, "Aren't you leaving?"

"Michael, you're the only one I know here. If you don't help me...I..."Lucy whined.

Michael barked. "Robert, get Ms. Kim out of here. And don't let her back in without my say-so."

Robert escorted Lucy to the door, muttering, "Sorry, Ms. Kim," before slamming it shut.

Lucy stood outside, feeling totally humiliated. After a moment,she realized she had nowhere to go and dialed Vaughn.

Vaughn was at a bar, hosting a party. A bunch of scantily clad women surrounded him, pampering him like a king.

"Now this is the Vaughn I know. Back to your old tricks?" Jeremy teased as he walked in, seeing Vaughn surrounded by women.

Vaughn waved the women away. They left reluctantly, some casting longing glances, hoping to leave a good impression.

The room felt more relaxed once they were gone. Jeremy sat down and ordered a glass of water.

"Jeremy, you usually stay in after work. What are you doing here?"Vaughn asked,puzzled.

"Michael called me out," Jeremy said with a helpless smile. "He's serious this time. He needed me to sign some papers for his girl, Isabella."

"Is Michael really serious this time?" Vaughn asked, his tone serious.

"Probably not." Jeremy said. "Michael hasn't told Isabella who he really is yet. Maybe he's scared she'll cling to him."

"Isabella's not the clingy type. If she finds out Michael lied, she'll probably leave without a second thought," Vaughn said.

"How do you know her so well?" Jeremy asked, curious.

Vaughn was caught off guard but quickly said, "She's from the branch office!"

They didn't chat much longer before Jeremy had to leave.

"Qiana's nearby meeting a friend. She's probably almost done,so I'm gonna pick her up," Jeremy explained.

"That's nice. You both have someone to care about," Vaughn said, a bit envious.


Jeremy gave a bittersweet smile, waving, and leaving.

Vaughn sat there, not calling the women back. His mind was stuck on Michael not telling Isabella his true identity.

"Mr. Johnson, are you alone?" A seductive woman slid in next to him,leaning against him.

"What would you do if you found out your boyfriend lied to you?"Vaughn asked impulsively.

"Depends on who my boyfriend is. If it's Mr. Johnson, I'd be happy to be deceived," she said, trying to flatter him.


Vaughn grabbed a wad of cash and stuffed it between her breasts as a tip.

The woman straightened up, speaking seriously, "I'd be really mad, might even break up. No woman likes being lied to, unless she wants to be."

When Lucy called, Vaughn was still mulling over how to reveal Michael's identity to Isabella.


"Vaughn, do you know Isabella?" Lucy cried as soon as the call connected."I went to see Michael, and he kicked me out. He's all about Isabella now,ignoring me. Do you know why he's so into her?"

"They're a couple, in the honeymoon phase. Of course, they're all lovey-dovey," Vaughn said, hiding his own feelings and trying to sound casual."But no matter how good a relationship is, once the novelty wears off,family matters more. Instead of resenting Isabella, you should try to get along with her."

Vaughn had made his point clear. It was up to Lucy to get it.

Lucy said, "Got it. Thanks, Vaughn. The day after tomorrow,I'll take her to the Foster family's banquet to broaden her horizons."

Vaughn knew that at every Foster family banquet, Michael was the star because the elder, Chase Foster, adored him.

This time, he wanted Michael to reveal his true self in front of Isabella.
 
###Chapter 81 The Rival of the People's Lover

Isabella showed up at the office fifteen minutes early, just like the rules from headquarters said.


She barely had a chance to sit down before Cecilia yelled, "Isabella, get in here!"


Cecilia was in her office, looking furious with her arms crossed. There was a stack of papers in front of her-the same ones Isabella had Jeremy sign yesterday.


"Explain this!" Cecilia demanded, her voice icy.

"I can't explain it," Isabella replied, staying calm. "I'm not on this project team. All I did was get Mr. Wright to sign it."

"Didn't you check it before getting Mr. Wright to sign?" Cecilia pressed.

"Ms. Thorne, I don't know anything about this project. Bronte gave me the document, and I got Mr. Wright to sign it. That's it. If you want me to check it, I can only look for typos," Isabella said confidently.

Cecilia called Bronte in. Bronte looked upset and said, "Ms. Thorne, I gave Isabella the new version of the document. I don't know why she took an old one to get signed."

Isabella couldn't help but sneer, "So, you're saying a newbie like me on my first day is more capable than you, a seasoned employee? That's ridiculous.No matter how much you dislike me, you can't mess around with work."

"Bronte, this is your fault. I won't pursue it for now. The client needs this document ASAP. Print a new one and get Mr. Wright to sign it. Don't keep the client waiting,"Cecilia said.

"Ms. Thorne, if there's nothing else, I'll go,"Isabella said.

Cecilia nodded, and Isabella turned to leave.

"Wait!" Bronte called out, "Ms. Thorne, let's still have Isabella handle the signing. Our project team really can't spare the personnel or time."

Cecilia thought for a moment and then agreed, "Alright! Isabella, since you're new and don't have a set position yet, help Bronte's project team with some auxiliary work for now."

Isabella refused, "Ms. Thorne, I don't think it's appropriate. Yesterday, I just helped a little and was accused of taking an old document for signing.Luckily,you caught it in time. If something else happens, I can't take the blame."


Cecilia said, "The project team is short-staffed right now. Just consider it helping out. If there's any issue, come to me. How about that?"

"Alright, but my employee card level isn't high enough to access the area,"Isabella pointed out.

"Bronte, give her your employee card," Cecilia said. "Anything else?"

Bronte handed her card to Isabella, with a barely noticeable smirk.

Isabella had a gut feeling that Bronte was up to something again.

"No, Ms. Thorne, I'm leaving," Isabella said,then turned and left.

As Isabella walked out, Bronte watched her leave, closed the door, and started talking to Cecilia, clearly plotting something.

Isabella returned to her desk, and Giselle looked up from her work."Isabella,what did Cecilia want?"

Isabella replied, "Yesterday, I got Mr. Wright to sign an old document. Ms.Thorne wants me to get the new one signed again."

"You have to get Mr. Wright to sign it again?" Giselle said, surprised. "They really know how to push people around."

"What's the deal?" Isabella asked,confused.

Giselle got up. walked over to Isabella,lowering her voice,"You're new,so you probably don't know. Our Mr. Wright is known for being super meticulous. He never gives second chances. If you go to him for another signature, he's definitely gonna want a full explanation."

"What am I supposed to do then?" Isabella asked, feeling a bit panicked."It's not even my fault."

Giselle sighed. "At Mr. Wright's level, he has his own views on things. To us, this signing issue is just Cecilia and Bronte teaming up against you.But to Mr. Wright, it means you didn't handle your relationships with your colleagues well."

Isabella felt really frustrated. She thought, 'I don't even know Cecilia and Bronte, let alone have any conflicts with them. They're clearly setting me up. What did I do to make them dislike me? Is it just because I transferred directly from a branch to headquarters?'

"Could it be because I didn't go through the normal hiring process, so they're targeting me?" unable to contain her thoughts, Isabella voiced her confusion.


"I don't think so. There are direct transfers like you every year in the company. Maybe they're targeting you because they see you as... a rival in love?" Giselle speculated boldly.

"A rival in love?" Isabella's eyes widened in disbelief.

"You were recommended by Mr. Allen's son, Eric," Giselle said.

Isabella nodded. "He was my supervisor at the branch."

"That's enough to spark some imagination. There's a rumor at headquarters that Eric didn't want to come here and refused any matchmaking because he's secretly in love with a girl at the branch,"Giselle said.


Isabella awkwardly smiled. "Could it be that everyone thinks it's me?"

"It's possible," Giselle said. "What's more interesting is that Eric arranged for you to come here under the guise of Mr. Johnson's boyfriend."

Isabella said, "So, everyone thinks I'm Mr. Johnson's rival in love and that Mr. Allen sent me to headquarters to show his loyalty to Mr.Johnson?"

Giselle nodded. "Mr. Johnson is the company's heartthrob among the girls.The rival of a lover is also seen as a rival. These past few days, the most talked-about topic is about you. It even replaced the previous hot topic of Mr. Johnson and Eric's relationship."

Isabella was speechless. She thought, 'This Mr. Johnson is really popular with both men and women! Not only can he win over someone as talented and handsome as Eric, but he's also the heartthrob of many single women in the company. How handsome must he be!

Meanwhile, in Jeremy's office, Michael, who had taken over Jeremy's territory,suddenly sneezed.


Giselle whispered to Isabella, "Our Mr. Johnson is indeed handsome. Even I, a married woman, get a racing heart when I see him, let alone you young girls. Mr. Johnson doesn't come to the company often. When he does, I'll point him out to you."

Isabella nodded, not taking it seriously. She thought, Could Mr. Johnson be more handsome than Michae1? Facing Michael every day, I feel that Michael is the most handsome man in my heart.'

"Isabella, aren't you going to get Mr. Wright's signature? You still have

time to chat here!" Bronte had just emerged from Cecilia's office with the newly organized documents, throwing them in front of Isabella, and saying coldly, "Get it done before lunch!"

Isabella picked up the documents and stood up, feeling like she was walking to her doom.

"Are you really going to get Mr. Wright's signature?" Giselle asked,looking at her sympathetically.

"What else can I do?" Isabella smiled bitterly.

Now,she could only hope for luck to be on her side again, that Jeremy would remain kind and not make things difficult for her.
 
###Chapter 82 Jeremy's Change in Attitude

Jeremy's phone buzzed, and his secretary's voice came through, "Mr.Wright, there's a document from Design Department Two that needs your signature."

"Who's it from?" Jeremy asked, barely interested.

"She registered as Isabella, but she's using a card named Bronte. She said she doesn't have clearance to come up, so she's using another employee's card," the secretary explained.

Jeremy grinned at Michael, who was lounging in his chair, and said into the phone, "If it's Isabella, let her come up. I'll sign it."

Michael shot out of the chair at the mention of her name.

"Jeremy, have you lost your mind?" Michael snapped, glaring at him like he wanted to strangle him.

Jeremy just smirked, enjoying the rare sight of Michael freaking out. It wasn't every day he saw Michael this rattled.

There was a knock on the door.

"Hold on a sec," Jeremy called out. Then he turned to Michael with a grin,"Mr. Johnson, maybe you should hide. But the only place to hide in my office is under the desk."


Jeremy figured someone as proud as Michael would never stoop to hiding,especially under a desk.

Michael was kicking himself now. When Wesley had them pick offices, he chose the biggest, fanciest one with all the perks. By the time it was Jeremy's turn, only a plain room without even a bathroom was left. If he'd known he'd be spending so much time in Jeremy's office, he would've given the

big one to Jeremy.

He glanced around Jeremy's spartan office. True to his expectation, there was indeed nowhere else to hide but the unceremonious space beneath the desk.


"If you let her know I'm here, you'll regret it," Michael growled, then squeezed his tall frame under the desk.


Jeremy just shook his head and sighed. He'd known Michael since they were kids, but lately, Michael was getting more and more unpredictable.

Jeremy opened the door and let Isabella in.

Isabella walked in and handed the document to Jeremy, saying, "Mr.Wright, here's a document that needs your signature."

Something felt off today. Jeremy's expression was weird1,and he wasn't sitting in his chair but leaning against the desk.

Jeremy glanced at the document and frowned. "I remember signing this yesterday afternoon. Why is it here again?"

"I'm sorry, Mr. Wright. It's my fault. I missed something, and there was a small mistake in yesterday's document," Isabella quickly explained.

"You're new here, right?" Jeremy asked, tossing the document on the desk.He'd guessed yesterday that Isabella was in a rush to get his signature because she was being pushed around in her department. Life at headquarters wasn't easy.

He continued, "You might not know my rule: I never sign the same document twice."

"But today's document is different from yesterday's. The clauses have been revised, and the basic data has been changed. On the surface, this

document is more rigorous and competitive than yesterday's," Isabella pointed out.

Jeremy was a bit surprised. He didn't expect Isabella to have such a sharp eye for business, able to spot the changes in the data at a glance.

Still, he said firmly, "You're just making excuses. I still won't sign the same document twice."

Isabella closed her eyes and took a deep breath, then boldly asked, "Mr.Wright, what would it take for you to sign it?"

Jeremy had a sudden idea. He glanced at the desk and then at Isabella,who was stubbornly staring at him. He walked up to her, and Isabella,frightened by his approach, kept backing away.

She backed into a corner, where Jeremy knew Michael would be watching everything unfold from his hiding spot.

With a malicious smile tugging at his lips, Jeremy raised his hand as if to gently grasp her chin.

Isabella immediately turned her head away and said seriously, "Mr. Wright,please behave. I'm married."

Jeremy was stunned. He had only heard that Michael and Isabella were together, not that they were married.

Seeing Jeremy not moving,Isabella thought her reminder had worked. But just as she was about to relax, Jeremy continued, "It doesn't matter to me.I don't need you to get a divorce. Just spend some time with me. Of course,if you want to divorce and be with me,that's fine too."

Isabella couldn't believe it. Yesterday, she thought Jeremy was a gentleman,but today he showed his true colors. He was just a scoundrel.

"Mr. Wright, I care! I love my husband. I won't betray him or divorce him.I'm not the kind of person you think I am," Isabella said firmly.

"With my status and position, being with me is no loss. And if we don't say anything, no one will know," Jeremy continued to tempt her.

"Mr. Wright, if you want to sign, I'll be grateful. If not, I'll leave," Isabella said and tried to push Jeremy away.

"What if I say I want you? Whether I sign or not, you can't escape,"Jeremy said determinedly.

"Mr. Wright, my husband's last name is Johnson," Isabella had to bring up Michael.


Jeremy sneered, "Are you trying to scare me? Just a last name isn't enough to make me give up a beauty."

Isabella said, "Mr. Wright, I'm just reminding you that although my husband isn't in the Johnson Group, he's still part of the Johnson Family.As the vice president of the Johnson Group, you wouldn't want to offend the Johnson Family over an isignificant woman,would you?"

"A member of the Johnson Family who isn't even in the Johnson Group would care about you enough to confront me? You can call your husband and see if he's willing to offend me for you," Jeremy sneered, looking unconcerned.

As he spoke, he leaned in as if to kiss her.

Isabella lifted her foot and stomped hard on Jeremy's foot.

She was wearing a pair of mid-heeled stilettos. Though not as damaging as higher heels, they still felt like an iron rod, causing Jeremy pain.

Jeremy jumped back in pain. Seizing the moment, Isabella darted toward

the door, her hand clasping the doorknob with a sense of urgency. She turned back to face Jeremy, saying seriously, "Mr. Wright, do you have a personal grudge against Michael? Is that why you're humiliating him this way? If so, I'll resign immediately and tell him everything that happened today so he can be on guard against you. If not, please apologize for your inappropriate behavior, and I won't pursue it further."

The situation was going completely differently from what Jeremy had expected. He didn't expect Isabella would be this kind of girl. Seeing things getting out of hand, he quickly changed his approach.

He explained, "It's amisunderstanding. I have no grudge against Michael.We're... friends, actually. I was just joking with you. Don't take it seriously.Here, I'll sign the document for you right now. Take it back and submit it.If they give you any more trouble, you can come to me and I can handle it for you. Call me if you need to. Here's my card. Don't worry.I have someone I like. I don't have that kind of interest in you."

Isabella was stunned. It was the first time she had seen someone change their attitude so quickly.

She couldn't figure out Jeremy's true intentions, so she took the document and left in a hurry.
 
###Chapter 83 He Had Never Seen Michael Lik This

As soon as Isabella disappeared from sight, Jeremy swiftly locked the door behind her, yanking Michael out from under the table.

The cramped space had left Michael's legs painfully numb. Jeremy helped him into a chair.


Right now, Michael was like a ticking time bomb. His angry eyes tracked Jeremy's every move.

Knowing he had ticked Michael off, Jeremy scrambled to make peace.He made him a cup of coffee, set it ina front of him, then squatted beside him and gently massaged his calf, asking, "Are your legs still numb?"

Michael was livid. Since he was a kid, apart from that one time he got kidnapped, he had never been this humiliated.And back then, no one saw him,but now, it was in front of Jeremy. He wanted to strangle him.

Feeling the murderous vibes from Michael, Jeremy quickly raised his hand and swore, "Michael, I swear, I was just messing with her. No hidden agenda. You know my heart belongs to Qiana. I did itto see if she was easy. Turns out, she's nothing like Stella. She's got principles and totally has your back. Michael, you've got good taste."

Jeremy's praise for Isabella seemed to calm Michael down a bit.

Michael lifted his head proudly and said, "My woman is the best in the world. Do I need your help to test her?"

Talking about Isabella, Michael felt his demeanor soften.

Jeremy let out a sigh of relief. When he first pulled Michael out from under the table. Michael looked terrifying. It was the first time he had seen Michael like that since they were kids.

Seizing the moment, Jeremy remembered something and asked,"Michael,are you and Isabella legally married?"

Michael stood up, straightened his clothes, and walked out. Just before .leaving, he tossed back, "Do I look like a criminal to you?"

Jeremy pondered his words, unsure if he was being truthful or just messing with him.

Michael had always been like this since they were kids, seeming harmless but always scheming,speaking in riddles that made him hard to figure out.

Isabella returned to the design department with the documents Jeremy had signed, her mind still grappling with the rapid and confusing turn of events. She decided not to dwell on it. As long as Jeremy wasn't using her to get back at Michael, she'd just keep doing her job.

To avoid any mishaps, Isabella didn't give the documents to Bronte but took them straight to Cecilia's office. She reported, "Ms. Thorne, Mr.Wright has signed the documents. Please review them."

Cecilia took them, first checking Jeremy's signature to confirm it was legit,then browsing through the document terms to ensure there were no issues,and had her assistant send them to the client.

Cecilia felt something was off. This didn't match Jeremy's usual behavior.She couldn't help but ask, "Did Mr. Wright say anything?"

"He did," Isabella recalled Jeremy's parting words and thought she could use them to scare off those in the office who were giving her a hard time."He told me that if anyone gives me trouble in the future, I can go directly to him."


Saying this, she waved the business card Jeremy had given her.

"Aren't you Eric's girl? Mr. Wright doesn't mind?" Cecilia asked,looking

puzzled.

Isabella was thrown off and explained, "Mr. Allen and I are just regular colleagues. He introduced me here, but that's it. Plus, I'm married.Mr.Wright signed the documents because he knows my husband."

Cecilia was taken aback and asked, "It's not you? Then who is it? Eric's turned down all blind dates, promotions, and doesn't want to come to the headquarters, all for some girl. Is there someone prettier than you at the branch office?"


Isabella felt awkward and said, "Ms. Thorne, everyone has their own idea of beauty."

Cecilia still seemed skeptical. "Are you really married? Not to Eric?"

Isabella looked up at Cecilia and confirmed, "Ms. Thorne, I am indeed married, but not to Eric. We're really just colleagues."

Then she said goodbye and left.

Cecilia muttered to herself, "If it's not you, then who is it?"

From Cecilia's words, Isabella picked up that Eric's crush was in the branch office. If what Cecilia said was true, she had a pretty good idea who it was.

At noon, she sent a message to Olivia to set up a lunch meeting.

After arranging with Olivia, she called Michael, who was sitting with Jeremy in a small private room in the company cafeteria.

Michael's phone rang. Seeing the caller ID, he quickly answered.

Before Isabella could speak, he bombarded her with questions, "Isabella,have you eaten? How's work today? Is anyone giving you trouble?"

Isabella chuckled, "It's just lunchtime. I haven't eaten yet. Michael, don't worry. I'm fine. The company isn't a dangerous place. My colleagues are all nice, and everything is going smoothly."

"I'll come to you, and we can have lunch together!" Michael suggested.

"No, it's too much trouble for you to come back and forth. Stay at home! I'Il have a simple meal with my colleague Giselle in the cafeteria. I have to work in the afternoon," Isabella said.


"Alright, but it's no fun eating alone if you're not coming back," Michael said pitifully.

Isabella couldn't stand him being like this and said, "Michael, lunchtime is too short. I'll come back early tonight to keep you company."

As soon as she said this, Isabella regretted it. She had called to ask for leave, but now she ended up saying she'd come back early to keep him company!

She quickly added, "Michael, after work, I'm having dinner with Olivia. I'll come back after that."


"You just said you'd come back early to keep me company!" Michael complained.

"How about you join us?" Isabella suggested, "I'll tell Olivia to invite Mr.Allen. You two can talk while I chat with Olivia."

Michael agreed, "Alright, I'll talk to Eric, even though I don't really want to."

Recalling some office gossip, Isabella decided to give Michael a heads-up,"When you talk to Mr. Allen, be careful. They say he's dating Mr. Johnson.He might be into guys, so be cautious."

Michael laughed. "Isabella, are you seriously worried about this? My heart belongs to you. No one else can arouse my desire."

Isabella blushed and quickly hung up the phone without even saying goodbye.


On the other end, Michael laughed happily. Seeing Isabella hang up,he called Aaron to book a restaurant and order the dishes.

After sending the location to Isabella, he contentedly put down his phone and noticed Jeremy sittingacross from him, looking at him in shock.
 
###Chapter 84 A Small Gathering of Good Fri ends

"Michael, man, you've never been this nice to me before..." Jeremy stuttered.

"Are you out of your mind?" Michael shot him a look. "Do you really want me to treat you like this?"

Jeremy quickly shook off the thought. He couldn't handle Michael being all gentle.

"I mean, back then, you weren't this... considerate with her," Jeremy said,treading carefully.

Michael gave him a disdainful look. "Are you bored?"

Jeremy was taken aback. Michael could talk about her so calmly now!

He quickly raised his hands in surrender. "Alright, I won't bring it up. Are you going to the Foster family's dinner? Mr. Kyle Foster's been asking me about it. He said Mr. Chase Foster really wants you there."

"Are you working with the Foster family?" Michael asked.

"Yeah, and the profit's pretty good," Jeremy said, grinning.

"Spar with me, and then I'll go," Michael proposed.

Jeremy's face fell at the suggestion.

Wesley loved fighting when he was young, so a bunch of the younger Johnsons,along with kids from relatives and friends, all trained together.Jeremy,Michael, and Vaughn were part of that group. While their training routines appeared alike, the true test of their skills came with time,revealing stark differences based on their individual stamina and dedication.

Jeremy liked training but only for fitness, and his moves were more about the aesthetic display than practical application.

Vaughn and Michael preferred combat and leaned towards practicality.

Now that Jeremy was busy with work, he occasionally practiced boxing, but it was more for show. Outsiders might find it impressive,but he knew it wasn't practical.

Vaughn's health had deteriorated due to indulgence, and despite his tall stature, he wasn't very healthy.

Only Michael stayed consistent, disciplined, and hardworking. Blessed with a natural talent for combat, he honed his skills diligently, refining both technique and strength over the years, and he increasingly resembled Wesley in his prime.

So when Michael suggested a spar, Jeremy was reluctant.

"Don't worry. I won't be too hard on you for too long," Michael patted Jeremy's shoulder and teased, "I still need you to help keep the company going!"


Michael's words didn't comfort Jeremy; instead, they made him feel even more incompetent.


Jerry drove them to the training ground, where they spent the entire afternoon.


After showering,Michael came out to find Jeremy already waiting.

"Are you going back to the office? If there's nothing important,let's grab a drink," Jeremy suggested.

"No, I need to go to the office to pick up Isabella for her friend's gathering."Michael said proudly.


"Didn't you send her the restaurant location? It's not far; she can go by herself." Jeremy asked, puzzled.


Michael gave him a disdainful look. "With your emotional intelligence, it's no wonder you haven't been able to win over Qiana all these years."

Jeremy shot back, "You don't understand Qiana. She isn't a naive girl like Isabella.easily deceived by sweet words from bad guy."


Jerry drove them to the company's underground parking lot. Michael kicked Jeremy out and had Jerry drive to the street in front of the company to wait for Isabella to get off work.

Isabella didn't work overtime.

Knowing Isabella wasn't Eric's type, or maybe because of Jeremy's words,
Cecilia stopped bothering her. Even Bronte's occasional attempts to stir the pot were swifly shut down by Cecilia.


When it was time, she quietly said goodbye to Giselle and headed downstairs.


From a distance, she spotted the familiar black business car and ran over.

As she reached the car, Michael opened the door from inside,lifted her by her arms, and pulled her into the car. Seeing her flushed from running,he couldn't resist kissing her.

After their affectionate moment, Isabella told Michael about Eric's crush.The female employees had already been causing trouble without knowing who it was. If they found out, it would be even worse. So, she invited Eric to dinner, with Olivia as a companion, under the guise of gratitude.

She asked Michael to help observe from a man's perspective if Eric's crush was Olivia.

Michael couldn't help but feel for Eric. His deep secret crush was about to be exposed. But Michael would honor their agreement and won't voluntarily reveal this secret. So, he had to disappoint Isabella.

They met Eric and Olivia at the restaurant entrance.

Olivia, excited and enthusiastic, ran over to Isabella from a distance,lifted her up, and spun her around, saying, "Isabella, I missed you so much."

Isabella patted her back, equally excited. She replied, "Olivia, I missed you too."


The two men looked at each other,feeling redundant.

The two women hugged and chatted as if they hadn't seen each other in years, not just two days.

The men, helpless, separated Olivia and Isabella and led them into the restaurant.


Aaron had already ordered the dishes. Once they were seated, the waiters quickly served the food.

Olivia,having skipped lunch for this dinner, was already hungry.

Isabella raised a glass of wine and toasted Eric. "Mr. Allen, thanks to you,I didn't lose my job. Here's to you, as a token of my gratitude.."

Michael also raised his glass, signaling to Eric.

Eric downed his drink in one gulp and said to Michael, "You're welcome.We're all in this together."

Isabella's alarm bells went off. Was Eric getting that close to Michael?

Michael found it amusing and patted Isabella's head to reassure her.

Suddenly, Olivia screamed, "Wow! This is delicious! Michael,you really know how to pick a restaurant. This is the best food I've ever had. Isabella,I'll bring you here next time."

The food seemed to give Olivia a unique sense of joy.

She loved every dish and was too busy eating to talk.

Isabella occasionally glanced at Eric, noticing his gaze lingering on Olivia,filled with affection.

She looked at Michael, hoping to ge his opinion, but found him staring intently at her.


Isabella sighed and thought that Michael must have forgotten why she asked him to come.
 
###Chapter 85 The Unveiled Crush

Isabella, using the excuse that the private room felt stuffy, asked Olivia to accompany her for a walk outside. Before they left, she shot Michael a look that said, "Watch out and don't let Eric charm you."

They found a small pavilion in the backyard and sat down. Isabella got straight to the point. "Olivia, do you like Mr. Allen?"

Olivia's face turned bright red. "Isabella, what are you talking about? No way! You know I'm into those hot guys in the entertainment industry."

"But Mr. Allen likes you," Isabella cut in.

Olivia's face got even redder, and she quickly denied it, "No way! He's thought I was dumb, lazy, and greedy since college. He's always badmouthing me."

Isabella was stunned. She had no idea they knew each other from college.

But there was no time to dig into that. Isabella quickly told Olivia about how Cecilia had misunderstood her at the headquarters over the past couple of days. She finished with, "Mr. Allen refused to go on blind dates,didn't seek promotions, and declined a transfer to the head office all for a woman. Do you think who she is?"

"Isabella,are you serious?" Olivia asked, frowning.

"Of course. I just dealt with those women at the headquarters. Do you think I'd joke about this?"

Olivia sat there,deep in thought.

Isabella stayed quiet, just keeping Olivia company.

Suddenly, a burst of cursing broke the silence. "You bitch, I warned you,don't mess with Mr. Martin but sos cin

teach you a lesson today."

Neither of them liked getting involved in other people's drama, so they were about to leave.

Another woman shot back, "Who Mr. Martin likes is his business. He wants to be with me, and that's not something I can control. You can go to ask him."


Isabella recognized the voice and turned her head. It was Bianca!

Seeing the two girls about to hit Bianca again, Isabella quickly shouted, "Stop!"

The girls turned and asked, "Who are you?"

"I'm her sister, Isabella," she replied.

One of the girls pinched Bianca's face, scrutinizing her. "Bianca, Isabella is way prettier than you!"

Bianca hated when people said Isabella was prettier. "She's not my sister!"she screamed and ran out of the yard.


Isabella sighed and was about to chase after her when she heard a man's angry voice from outside the backyard, "Are you blind? How dare you bump into me."


Isabella quickly ran out and saw Ryan Martin slap Bianca to the ground.

Bianca covered her face, her eyes red, and said to Ryan, "I'm sorry, Mr.Martin. It's my fault. You can hit me."

Isabella rushed over, pulled Bianca up from the ground,and confronted Ryan,"Why did you hit her?"

"It's none of your business." Ryan said coldly and raised his hand to slap

Bianca again, butIsabella shielded her and grabbed his wrist.

Ryan finally got a good look at Isabella. He licked his lips, looked at her,and asked flirtatiously,"Who are you?"

"I'm her sister," Isabella said firmly. "I'm taking her away."

"You're not my sister. You already cut ties with my family," Bianca shouted.


Isabella wished she could shut her up. Bianca was really useless.

"Shut up!" Isabella glared at her angrily and said in a low voice, "Bianca,come with me now."


Bianca had never seen Isabella like this, scared, obediently following Isabella out.


Ryan's creepy gaze never left Isabella, but she was too mad to notice.

"Isabella, I didn't expect you to become so temperamental after being with a rich man!" Bianca still couldn't resist mocking Isabella.

"Bianca, I know you don't like me. I don't like you either. I'm only helping you this tíme for Grandma's sake. Since we were kids, Sophia always wanted you to be better than me. She put so much effort into you,not for you to be bullied like this. If you have any self-respect left,leave here immediately."


Bianca shouted, "It's all because of you. You sold yourself to a rich man,and my mom nags me every day to find a rich man too. I know I'm not as pretty or smart as you. Where can I find a rich man? I finally met Mr.Martin, but you took me away. If it weren't for you, I wouldn't be suffering like this."

As Bianca spoke, she lunged at Isabella.

Olivia hugged her from behind, and the restaurant's security also came over to help control Bianca. Isabella hailed a taxi, told the driver the Taylor Family's address, and shoved Bianca inside.

"Isabella, are you okay?" Olivia asked and came over to support Isabella.

Isabella felt all her strength had been drained. She leaned on Olivia and returned to the private room.

Michael had been active with Jeremy all afternoon, consuming a lot of energy, and was eating non-stop. Eric had no appetite and was drinking water.


After finishing his meal, Michael opened a pack of wet wipes and slowly wiped his hands. He said to Eric, "Because of you, Isabella was given a hard time at the headquarters for two days."

"Why?" Eric was puzzled.

Michael continued to explain, "They thought Isabella was the one you liked and made things difficult for her."

Eric smiled bitterly. "I owe her an apology."

Michael reminded, "You should make plans soon. Once they find out Isabella isn't the one, they'll start looking for a new suspect. Despite being so clueless, Isabella even suspects you like Olivia."

Eric downed a glass of water and replied, "Thanks for telling me this. I'll do my best to protect Olivia."

"If you need help, just come to me," Michael offered, which was rare for him.


Eric gave him a grateful look, knowing that Michael's help would be anything but simple.

"What are you guys doing?" Isabella asked as she entered and saw Eric looking at Michael with deep affection. Sensing the intensity of Eric's gaze,Isabella instinctively moved to stand directly in front of Michae1,effectively intercepting the soft look.

Michael was very pleased with Isabella's behavior. He held her hand and gently stroked it.

"Let's go." Eric suggested.

Olivia called the waiter to pack the leftovers.

Eric stopped her, saying, "If you like it, I'll bring you here again."

Olivia said puzzledly, "You're so weird. Why do I need you to bring me here if I want to eat? You're not even my..."

Eric's eyes deepened as he stared at Olivia and asked, "What am I not to you?"

Isabella chuckledI secretly, pulled Michael, and said to Eric, "Mr. Allen, we're leaving now. Olivia is in your hands. Make sure to get her home safely!"
 	J

###Chapter 86 Tricking Her into the Banquet

Outside Michael's villa, Lucy was all bundled up in a hat, sunglasses, and a mask. She needed to figure out a way to get into Michael's place and convince Isabella to come with her to the Foster family's dinner party.

Vaughn had asked her to bring Isabella to the dinner to reveal Michael's true colors in front of her, but Lucy had always regarded the plot with skepticism. Michael was astute, and fallinginto Vaughn's trap seemed unlikely. So, even though she agreed, she hadn't done anything about it.On the day of the dinner, she found out by chance that an old friend would be there, which made her really want to go.

But the two families were on bad terms now,so she was worried her family would be mad if she went. However, if she could bring Isabella along, it would be different; at least Michael wouldn't be mad. As long as Michael wasn't mad, she didn't care about anyone else.

She wrapped herself up tight and waited outside the villa early in the morning. When Michael left, she snuck in.


Her sudden appearance startled Isabella. Afraid that Robert would find out and kick her out, she pulled Isabella into their bedroom.

Lucy said, "Isabella, let's go to the Foster family's dinner party. It'll be fun."

She thought Isabella, who hadn't seen much of the world, would be excited and grateful.

"I'm not interested. I'm not going!" Isabella said flatly.

"If you don't go, I'll be mad!" Lucy threatened.

Seeing Lucy's angry face puffed up like a little pufferfish, Isabella couldn't help but poke her cheek and said, "Then be mad! I didn't expect you to look so cute when you're angry."

Lucy's heart warmed. She couldn't remember the last time someone called her cute. As the youngest in the Johnson family, she had been showered with affection and pampering during her childhood. But somewhere along the line, things had shifted. People started to dislike her, calling her spoiled,arrogant, and willful. She hadn't changed, but no one saw her cute side anymore.

Lucy's eyes reddened as she looked at Isabella and asked, "Isabella, am I...cute?"


"I've always thought you were quite cute, like a little girl,much cuter than my sister Bianca." Thinking of how Bianca treated her like an enemy,Isabella said seriously, "Of course, you'd be even cuter if you didn't have any bad intentions towards me."


"Isabella!" Lucy sniffled, "You're so nice, much better than Michael.Actually, I've always thoughtyou were better than Michael. When he scolded me, you always stood up for me. But thinking that he scolded me because of you made me hate you. Actually, I'm quite a detestable person."

Isabella was amused by her self-reflection. She patted Lucy's head and comforted her, "Michael's just like that. Don't let his harsh words bother you."


Lucy looked at Isabella eagerly and asked, "Isabella, can you go with me?"

Isabella couldn't resist soft and weak people or things. Lucy's big,puppy-like eyes melted her heart instantly. She agreed, "Okay, I'll go with you."

Lucy happily hugged her and said, "Great, I knew you're the best to me."

Isabella smiled slightly.

"Isabella, don't tell Michael about this, okay?" Lucy's tone suddenly became low as if she had thought of something.

"Why? If I don't tell him and something happens, I won't be able to handle it." Isabella asked. Even though Lucy seemed like a different person now,Isabella hadn't forgotten that Lucy was very good at causing trouble.


"I'm afraid he won't let me go," Lucy said.

"If we sneak out and he finds out, he'll be angry too," Isabella sighed.

"Isabella, only we know about this. If we don't tell him, he won't know."Lucy swore.


Lucy's persistence made Isabella suspicious. She asked, "Do you have another reason for going to the dinner?"

Lucy suddenly blushed, lowered her head, and said hesitantly, "I heard that one of my childhood friends will be there, so I want you to go with me."


Seeing Lucy's shy face, Isabella couldn't help but feel a pang of envy.When she was Lucy's age, she had to worry about food every day and focus on studying. It was a dark time.

"Alright, I'll go with you to meet your friend," Isabella teased. She decided to indulge Lucy this time. At worst, she would text Michael later to let him know where they went.


Seeing Isabella agree, Lucy kissed her on the cheek and pulled her towards the walk-in closet, saying, "Isabella, I've always wanted to see your walk-in closet, but Michael guards it like I'm a thief and won't let me upstairs."

Once inside the walk-in closet, Lucy acted like a kid in a candy store,pulling down everything she didn't like and tossing it on the floor.Soon,the room was a mess.


Isabella sighed, wanting to say something but holding back. She helplessly

followed Lucy,slowly tidying up.

Both of them dressed up beautifully and headed to the Foster family's dinner party.

Isabella sighed inwardly, 'No wonder Lucy told me to brace myself for a surprise! I can't even imagine what it's like to live in the world of the rich.'

Once they were inside the banquet hall, Lucy said, "Isabella, you can wander around on your own first. I'll go find my friend."

With that, she left Isabella alone and walked away.


Around the corner, Vaughn grabbed Lucy and asked, "You brought Isabella?"


Lucy nodded and then said, "Vaughn, I think Isabella is a good person.Are you sure what you're doing is right?"

Vaughn comforted her, "It's because she's a good person that we can't let her be deceived by Michael. Understand?"

Lucy nodded. But she didn't really understand; she just wanted Vaughn to let her go quickly.

Isabella couldn't find Lucy, so she wandered around alone.

Some men would come up to her and try to chat, but she always turned them down gently. Thankfully, they got the hint and didn't bother her further.


Behind Isabella, a man with a cocky demeanor walked over, shaking a wine glass, and greeted her, "Hey, beauty, are you alone? Let me keep you company!"

Isabella frowned and politely declined.

The man laughed. "Are you playing hard to catch my eye? You're different from Bianca, but I like you better this way."

Hearing this, Isabella looked closely at the man and finally remembered where she had seen him.


It was Ryan, the guy who hit Bianca in the restaurant last time.

Ryan said, "You remember? I knew it; no one can forget me once they've seen me. It's your lucky day that I noticed you. Don't worry. I'll make sure you're well taken care of."

As he spoke, he reached out to grab Isabella's hand.

Isabella took two steps back, putting distance between them, and said sternly, "I don't know what your relationship with Bianca is,but I'm telling you, I'm not like her. You can't mess with me."

"Let's see how you're different," Ryan said playfully, looking Isabella up and down. "You're prettier than her. Your chest isn't as big, but your legs are longer. You're more dignified, but no matter how dignified a woman is,she'll turn into a slut in my bed. Name your price; as long as it's not too outrageous,I'll meet it."

Isabella was furious at his blatant gaze and cursed him, "You scoundrel,you're shameless!"

Ryan wasn't a good-tempered person. Seeing Isabella not only reject him but also curse him, he got angry. He immediately grabbed her wrist and started dragging her towards the guest room, cursing,"You bitch,you dress so provocatively just to sell yourself at a good price, don't you? I tried to talk nicely, but you didn't listen. Don't blame me for being rude. If you piss me off, I'll fuck you right here!"
 	W

###Chapter 87 He Saved Her Once Again

As a Jackson, Austin got an invite to the Foster family dinner. He'd grown up with his grandpa, living a laid-back life. So, tonight, in a suit and tie,he felt like he was in a straitjacket. The tie especially-it was like a noose.

During the mingling, he snuck off to the break room, shedding his jacket to breathe a bit.


"What are you doing? Let go of me!" Isabella was struggling.


"What do you think I'm doing? You want me to let go now, but soon you Il be begging me!" Ryan was determined to have Isabella. Seeing people glance over, he smirked and said, "She's mygirl. She just likes to throw fits.Move along,folks!"

Hearing the ruckus, Austin stepped out just in time to see the scene and asked. "How come I didn't know she's your girl?"

Ryan's wrist, which was gripping Isabella, was suddenly grabbed,making him let go in pain and yelp.

Isabella looked gratefully at her rescuer, who turned out to be Austin.


Austin looked way different today. The last couple of times she saw him,he was in sportswear, exuding a relaxed and laid-back vibe. But tonight,he was a vision of sophistication in a sharp white suit, his hair slicked back immaculately, giving him an air of maturity and refinement.

"Who are you? Let me be clear: if you can't handle it, stay out of my business," Ryan said coldly, rubbing his sore wrist, his face dark.

"My name's Austin. Do I have the right to meddle in your business?"Austin said calmly.

"Austin? From the Jackson Family?" Ryan asked.

Austin snorted, ignoring him.

As a minor player in Silvercrest City's elite circle, Ryan had heard that the young master of the Jackson Family, Austin Roberts, was back in town. He didn't expect to meet him here. He quickly put on a flattering smile and said, "I'm sorry, Mr. Roberts. I didn't mean to offend you. I'll do whatever you say."


Austin regarded him with barely concealed disdain, his patience clearly worn thin, "Get lost!"

Ryan kept saying. "I'm leaving right now."

With that, he bolted into the crowd.

Austin sat down with Isabella on anearby chair.

It took a while for her racing heart to calm down.

"I didn't expect you to be so impressive, scaring him off with just your name," Isabella praised.

Austin blushed and quickly explained, "It's not me who's impressive. It's my family. I'm just riding their coattails."

Hearing this, Isabella laughed.

"By the way, Isabella, what are you doing here?" Austin asked.

Isabella replied, "I came with someone else, but I don't know where she went. What about you? You look very different today; I almost didn't recognize you."


"Really? I feel uncomfortable too," Austin couldn't help but complain."My hair feels like it's glued down. There's a chain around my neck, and in this suit, I can't move my arms or legs freely. The soles are also thin and hard with no flexibility."

He criticized his expensive outfit from head to toe. As he spoke, he angrily tugged at his tie.


Isabella chuckled softly, "The reason you're uncomfortable is largely because the tie isn't adjusted properly. The knot tightens the more you pull,so you can't breathe."

"Isabella, then... how do I fix this thing?" Austin asked, clearly frustrated with the tie around his neck. He yanked it off and held it out to her. "Do you know how? Could you help me tie it again?"

Faced with Austin's sincere request, Isabella hesitated, unsure whether to help him.

She didn't originally know how to tie a tie. However, after she married Michael, he insisted she tie his tie every time he wore a suit. At first,she tied it crookedly, but he didn't mind and went out like that. Feeling embarrassed, she spent a weekend practicing with Michael, and they ended up in bed. Since then, every time she tied Michael's tie, he couldn't help but take advantage of her.

To Isabella, tying a tie was'a very intimate act.

They stood there awkwardly for a moment.

Austin pleaded pitifully, "Isabella, can't you help me?"

Isabella,being soft-hearted,couldn't stand seeing someone in distress and reluctantly took the tie, saying, "Lower your head, and I'll tie it for you."

Just as Isabella raised her arm with the tie, Michael walked by and saw the scene. He immediately shouted, "Isabella!"

In the dim light, from his angle, it looked like Austin was leaning in for a kiss and Isabella wasreaching up to embrace him.

Isabella had never heard Michael yell at her like that and was startled.

Austin quickly held her shoulders to comfort her.

Isabella asked, "Michael? What are you doing here?"

Michael ignored Isabella, glaring at Austin's hand on her shoulder, even angrier that Austin dared to touch Isabella. He strode over, pulling Isabella to his side, holding her close, silently declaring his ownership.

"Don't hurt Isabella," Austin said, worried that Michael's anger would make him too rough.

"She's mnine. I know how to take care of her. You don't need to worry,"Michael snapped at Austin.

"But you, what were you doing just now?" he asked Isabella with a stern face.


Seeing his expression,Isabella knew he had misunderstood.

She quickly explained, "He was uncomnfortable with his tie, so he asked me to fix it."


She held out her hand, which was still holding Austin's tie, to show Michael.


Seeing the tie, Michael became even more agitated. He thought, 'Isabella dares to tie a tie for Austin. Did she know how sexy she looks when she ties a tie? Did she know that every time she tied my tie, I couldn't control my desire? She's driving me crazy!

"Can't he handle it on his own? Why does he need you to fix it? Where did you meet this guy? Why don't I know? Some people without a girlfriend need to learn to handle things on their own instead of always eyeing other people's wives."

Michael was so angry he was speaking without thinking.

Isabella tugged at his sleeve, whispering in his ear, "Michael, I need to explain this to you. Should we find a place to talk now, or wait until we get home?"


To Austin, Isabella's gesture looked like she was trying to appease Michael.He couldn't help but speak up, "My name is Austin. I met Isabella by accident. I'm still young, not old enough to have a girlfriend, and this is my first time wearing a suit. I haven't learned how to tie a tie yet.Don't blame Isabella."


"What's your name again?" Michael asked, thinking he might have misheard.


Austin replied, "I'm Austin."
 
###Chapter 88 Austin Publicly Competes with Hi m for a Woman

Michael's face was serious now, not angry like before. He pulled Isabella close and said softly, "Isabella, I'm starving. Can you grab me something to eat?"


Isabella knew he was just trying to get her out of the way. She held his hand and said, worried, "Michael, keep your cool. Don't start anything here. This isn't the place for a fight. And about Austin..."

She wanted to tell him that Austin had helped her today, but Michael cut her off. He shot a disdainful look at Austin and pinched her cheek, saying,"Relax. I'm not gonna lower myself to a kid's level."

Austin, feeling insulted, flexed his muscles and scoffed, "If you wanna fight,bringit on. I'm not scared of you!"

Isabella looked at them both, exasperated. "I'll be watching from over there.Don't fight!If you behave well, I'll...."

"I'll get a reward when wè get home," Michael interrupted, nudging her away. "Isabella, don't worry. For that reward, I won't fight him."

She gave him a doubtful look, but he nodded, signaling her to trust him.Only then did she walk away, still uneasy about what might happen.

Austin watched her leave, a bit jealous, and said to Michael, "Isabella really cares about you. Don't let her down."

Michael's face darkened. "Who are you to tell me that?"

"I..." Austin stammered, unsure what to say.

If he were a successful man like Michael, he might have confidently declared himself as Isabella's suitor. But right now, he had no standing.

Michael's tone was icy. "You have the right to like anyone you want,but not her. Whether you just like her or want to use her to get at me,drop it.If you want revenge, leave her out of it. She's my weak spot, but if anything happens to her, you won't handle the consequences."

"Revenge? Why would I want revenge on you?" Austin was confused.

"You don't know me?" Michael asked, seeing the genuine confusion in Austin's eyes.


"Why should I? But I do know you have other women, like that one in Evergreen Valley. Isabella's amazing, and you cheat on her with someone like that? It's an insult to her," Austin said angrily.

"Lucy is my cousin. Isabella knows, so don't think you can use that against me," Michael explained. "And you should know me. I'm Michael."

"Michael?" Austin said, surprised. "You're...Michael."

"Knowing you came back from the Roberts Family, I've been wanting to meet you. In my memory, you're still a child. I waited for you at the bar last time, but you left early. Now we've met, but not how I wanted. Your brother Preston Jackson always talked about you with pride. I'm sorry about Preston. If you have any grievances, take them out on me. These matters have nothing to do with Isabella." Michael said quietly.

"If you're Michael, then shouldn't you be Kenna's boyfriend?" Austin muttered.


Michael rolled his eyes and shot back, "I'm talking about Preston. Why are you bringing up Kenna? My stuff with Kenna is way too complicated for you to get."

"Aren't you scared I'll tell Kenna?" Austin challenged.

Michael laughed, "Austin, Everyone's got exes. Just remember, Isabella is
ne. Keep your thoughts to yourself."

"Isabella isn't yours. She belongs to herself. She can choose whoever she wants. Just wait a few years and see who she picks," Austin fired back.

"Fine! I'll wait for you!" Michael was surprised by Austin's guts. Austin openly challenging him for Isabella was kind of amusing.

He pointed a finger at Austin and then turned to find Isabella without looking back.


Even though he said he'd wait, Michael felt a twinge of worry. He figured he needed to treat Isabella even better so she wouldn't be tempted by other guys.


Isabella was at the buffet, picking out some desserts. She found a spot where she could keep an eye on Michael and sat down, watching from a distance. When she saw Michael turn to leave, she finally relaxed and started eating.

Vaughn was nearby, watching Isabella. He was waiting for his chance.

Once the Foster family banquet started, Michael would be on stage as a special guest, being the Johnson Family heir. Isabella would be in the audience, and when she found out the truth and got hurt, Vaughn planned to swoop in and comfort her. This was his big moment.

"Isabella!" MMichael's voice snapped Vaughn out of his thoughts.

Isabella stood up and greeted him, "Michael, you're back!"

Michael hugged her and sat down. He gently wiped a bit of food from the corner of her mouth and kissed her, saying, "Delicious!"

Vaughn didn't want to see any of this, but he consoled himself with the thought that soon, the two lovebirds in front of him would have a fight,
for a Woman and Isabella would be his.

"I was so worried. I'm glad you didn't fight," Isabella said.

Michael flicked her forehead and said, "What are you thinking? I'm not a fighter; why would I start a fight?"


Michael thought for a moment and added, "That Austin is the younger brother of a good friend of mine. I saw him when he was little, but I didn't recognize him after all these years. Our families have some issues, so try to avoid him in the future."


Isabella sighed in relief. "I'm glad you didn't misunderstand."

Michael thought about what Austin had said last and leaned on Isabella's shoulder, saying wistfully, "Isabella,I'm jealous!"


Isabella had never seen anyone be so openly jealous and couldn't help but laugh.


Michael got lost in her smile, held her hand, and said, "Isabella, let's go home."


With that, he took her hand and walked straight out.

Isabella wanted to find Lucy and tell her, but then she remembered Lucy had asked her to keep it from Michael. She quickly sent Lucy a message,telling her she was leaving, while Michael wasn't paying attention.

Vaughn, witnessing their departure, felt a profound sense of collapse,as if his meticulously constructed plans had been shattered. Like a kid's block tower,he could almost hear himself falling apart.
 
###Chapter 89 Her Good Friend Turned Out to Be...

Before the party kicked off, Lucy was already making her rounds in the yard,chatting up every good-looking guy she could find. After asking for their names, she left without a second thought.

Austin had already pegged Lucy as the same girl who'd rudely crashed into him earlier. He watched her flit among different men like a butterfly,his expression icy.

"Hey, can I get to know you?" Lucy called out to a guy in a white suit.

Austin recognized her voice immediately. He didn't bother turning around or responding; he just kept walking.

Lucy figured he hadn't heard her, so she chased after him and cut him off.When she finally saw his face, she blurted out, "It's you?"

Austin knew she was Mchael's cousin and wanted nothing to do with her,so he turned and walked away.


Feeling snubbed, Lucy darted in front of him, arms spread wide to block his path. "You can't go."

Austin's face was stone-cold. "Move," he said through gritted teeth.

Lucy stood her ground. "What if I don't?"

Without even looking at her, Austin replied, "I don't deal with unreasonable people."

"Unreasonable?" Lucy shot back. "Do you know it's illegal to skateboard on the road? You didn't even apologize to me, and you call me unreasonable."

"You almost ran me over with your car. Why would I apologize?" Austin countered.


"If you weren't skateboarding in the street, I wouldn't have almost hit you,"Lucy argued, hands on her hips. "You were wrong first,so you owe me an apology."


"But that doesn't change the fact that you were driving without a license,"Austin said, not holding back.

"Then call the cops and have me arrested!" Lucy snapped,feeling a bit embarrassed. "Why didn't you call them? Or are you trying to attract my attention?"

"Ridiculous!" Austin was at a loss for words. Lucy was not only unreasonable but also shameless.

"Austin, what are you doing here? I've been looking for you all night."A boy around Austin's age came over to greet him.

"Let's go," Austin said, patting the boy's shoulder. He walked around Lucy and left without a backward glance.

Lucy stood there, stunned. 'Wait, did I hear that right? Did that guy just call him Austin? Could he actually be my childhood friend? If I'd known,I wouldn't have argued with him.'

Lucy stood there, stomping her feet and scratching her head,feeling super annoyed.


"Lucy, what are you doing here? We've been looking all over for you." A group of girls came over to find her.

"What's going on?" Lucy asked, sulking, her toe tracing circles on the ground.

"Oh, nothing. We heard from the Foster family elders that Michael left,and we wanted to ask why he took off so suddenly."

"He was taken away by a woman," Lucy replied. She thought of the message Isabella had sent her, secretly relieved that Isabella had kept her promise and didn't rat her out.

"What? Michael has a woman?" someone exclaimed.

Realizing she was too excited, she quickly composed herself and glanced at Lucy. Seeing that Lucy wasn't paying attention to her, she breathed a sigh of relief. Among the girls, Autumn was the most bummed out. She had this whole plan where, when Chase called Michael up as a special guest,she'd be right there next to him. And when the banquet kicked off,she was gonna ask him for the first dance. She'd practiced it a million times just for tonight.

But the higher the hopes, the harder the fall. These girls had come to the Foster family's banquet just to see Michael. When they heard Lucy say Michael was taken away by another woman, they lost all interest and started leaving one by one before the party even began.

Lucy, on the other hand, had her eyes glued to Austin.

Before, she found Austin super annoying. But knowing he was her long-lost childhood friend, she saw him in a completely new light, thinking he was drop-dead gorgeous, way more handsome than her brothers.

She didn't dare approach Austin, worried he'd blow her off again. With so many people around, she felt too embarrassed, so she just trailed behind him, staring at the back of his head, watching who he talked to and if any girls were hanging around him.

Suddenly, Austin turned around and caught Lucy staring.

"Why are you always staring at me?" he asked.

"Who's staring at you?" Lucy blushed and shot back, "You can't see behind you; how do you know I'm watching you?"

Austin was at a loss for words. Although he was indifferent to a lot of things, he wasn't clueless and he could definitely feel her eyes burning holes in his back.


"Terrible acting," Austin sneered, clearly unimpressed.

Lucy felt a bit embarrassed. She twisted the corner of her clothes and finally mustered the courage to say, "Don't you remember me? Not even a little? My name is Lucy."

"I'll never forget you," Austin said coldly, "After all, you're the only one who threatened to run me over."


Lucy quickly said, "No. If I had known it was you, I wouldn't have said that. Think again, besides that time, do you remember my name? We met when we were little."


"Ms. Kim, whether we met as kids or not doesn't matter," Austin said angrily, "What matters is, you said if you had known it was me,you wouldn't have run me over. So, if it wasn't me, you could run them over?I don't want that kind of honor."


"No, that's not what I meant. I meant I wouldn't have said I'd run you over, not that I really wanted to run you over," Lucy stammered,trying to explain.


Austin mocked, "Ms. Kim, you really broaden my horizons. I've never seen someone as vicious and stupid as you."

"No, I'm not." Lucy didn't know how to explain that she was beautiful,kind-hearted, and smart, just a bit willful. She felt she had a lot to say but couldn't express it, feeling extremely upset.

Austin cut her off, "I have eyes to see and ears to hear. I already have a judgment about what kind of person you are. You don't need to explain anything to me; I'm not interested. Also, stay away from me. I don't want to see you again."

With that, he turned and walked away, leaving Lucy standing there alone.

Being spoken to like that by Austin, whom she had missed for over a decade, made Lucy feel really sad. She didn't want to stay at the party any longer and left early.


She didn't want to go home or to Wesley's place. They wouldn't understand her, so she couldn't talk to them about Austin. It seemed the only person who could listen to her was Isabella.

Thinking of this, she cried all the way to Michael's villa.

Meanwhile, over at Michael's villa...

Michael had Isabella pinned to the bed, his arms wrapping around her slim waist. He was thrusting hard, nibbling on her earlobe, and whispered in a deep, seductive voice, "Isabella, tell me, who do you belong to?"
 	WJ

###Chapter 90 Michael Declares His Sovereign

"You...I belong to you...." Isabella's voice was broken by the intensity.Her whole body went limp, completely defenseless.

"Isabella, tell me, who am I?" Michael kept pushing.

Isabella's mind was a blur, and she instinctively said what he wanted to hear,"My husband."

Michael pressed on, "And who is your husband? Say my name."

Under his low, seductive coaxing, Isabella's soft, red lips parted as she whispered his name, "Michael."

It was like a trigger for Michael, and he picked up the pace, thrusting like a storm towards the peak.

Isabella was swept away in the storm, losing herself completely.

In the heat of their passion, they wished they could hold each other so tightly that they became one.

Suddenly,a rapid knock on the door shattered the intimate atmosphere.

Michael paused for just a moment, then ignored it, continuing his assault on Isabella.


Isabella clung to his arm, her whole body tense and trembling with fear.

"What are you afraid of?" Michael kissed her and teased, "We're married.You're not a mistress."


Then he kept going.

Isabella,frustrated, pounded her fists on his chest. She was worried that someone from Michael's family had come, and their first meeting would be

in such an awkward situation. She wondered if they would have a bad impression of her.

"Isabella, stay focused. Don't think about anyone else,okay?" Michael ordered and punished her with a fierce thrust.

"Michael... Isabella... are you in there?" Lucy's tearful voice came from outside the door.


Without waiting for an answer, Lucy started crying at the door.

Michael lost all interest due to her loud crying. With a dark expression, he pulled out of Isabella, hurriedly putting on his clothes. From his stance,it seemed he wanted to throw Lucy out.

"Don't be impulsive!" Isabella quickly dressed as well. She grabbed Michael's hand, pushing him onto the bed, saying, "You sit here, and I'll go see what's going on."


"No need. I'll just throw Lucy into the basement," Michael said through gritted teeth.


Isabella ignored himn, running out ahead of him.

Michael helplessly watched the empty bedroom. Just now, he had been gentle with Isabella, restraining his desires, unwilling to use his full strength. He didn't expect her to run so fast for Lucy. It seemed he had overthought things.

Isabella pulled Lucy outside, running all the way to the villa's entrance.She settled Lucy in the car, then told the driver to leave as soon as Michael came out.


"Where's Michael? What's wrong with him?" Lucy asked,crying.

Isabella leaned against the car door, gasping for breath. She was already
exhausted from Michael's intense lovemaking, and running with Lucy had pushed her to the brink of collapse.

She replied. "Don't look for him. You should be glad I got you out quickly.If he caught you, you'd be sleeping in the basement tonight."

Under the dim streetlight. Lucy could clearly see the telltale red marks on Isabella's neck. Glancing down her collar, she noticed it was covered in kiss marks and bite marks, likely extending to the areas hidden by her clothes.


Thinking about what Michael and Isabella were doing when she knocked,Lucy felt so embarrassed she wished she cold disappear.

Even though she hadn't experienced it herself, she understood enough. No wonder Michael wanted to lock her in the basement; what she did was outrageous.

She figured she'd have to avoid the vengeful Michael for a long time.

"Isabella, maybe I should go!" Lucy said, embarrassed.

"You're already here, might as well say what you need to. Is it about your good friend?" Isabella asked, unable to think of anything else that would make Lucy come to her at night.

Lucy nodded. "Isabella, I'll tell you in detail when I have time. I found him, but it's complicated and can't be explained in a few words. I'll go back first, and I'll find you later. Don't tell Michael."

With that, Lucy had the driver leave.

Watching Lucy leave, Isabella sighed. From Lucy's tone, it seemed things weren't going well, perhaps involving family feuds and entanglements.

Isabella shook her head, thinking it was better to be an ordinary person

from a simple family.

Michael came out. Finding only Isabella standing there, he asked, "Where's Lucy?"


"She left." Isabella replied.

Out of concern for Lucy, Michael asked, "What's wrong with her?"

Isabella remembered Lucy's instructions, speaking mysteriously,"She told me not to tell you."

"When did you two get so close?" Michael asked,feeling something was off.

Isabella complained, "Isn't it because of you? Lucy is a cute kid. Don't always be so harsh on her."

"Isabella, what should I do? It seems not only boys like you, but girls do too." Michael leaned on Isabella, speaking with a hint of jealousy.

Isabella glanced at Michael disdainfully and said, "Why are you still competing with them? In my eyes, they're all kids."

"Isabella, you're good to them. I'm jealous. Can you be nice to me too?"Michael clung to Isabella, rubbing against her and acting spoiled.

Isabella was speechless. Ever since he discovered she couldn't resist him acting like this, he did it all the time.

"You aren't pitiful. Don't act spoiled with me all the time." Isabella reminded him, blushing.

"Isabella, I'm really pitiful. In this world, only you can help me." Saying this,hetook Isabella's hand, guiding her to grasp his firm erection,breathing heavily in her ear. "Isabella, look, am I pitiful?"

Isabella let go as if burned, her face turning red with shame. She thought

Michael was so shameless, doing such a bold thing outside.

Michael picked her up and headed straight to their destination.

Fortunately, the night was still long.

In the repeated impacts, Michael kept asking, "Isabella, tell me,who do you belong to?"


In Isabella's fragmented breaths, Michael's name came out intermittently.
 
###Chapter 91 Her Damn Scandal-Prone Natur

Sophia hung around the branch office all day,but Isabella was a no-show.

After asking around, she found out Isabella had been promoted and was now at the company headquarters.

So, she began frequenting the Johnson Group headquarters, arriving punctually every day.

She did spot Isabella, but she was never alone. Michael always walked her to the entrance and made sure she got inside.

Sophia was too scared of Michael to make a move.

One day, Michael had to leave early with Aaron and Jerry for some business.


When Isabella arrived at the office, it was Robert by her side this time,not Michael. Sophia's heart leapt at the unexpected opportunity.

"Isabella!" she called out, hurrying to catch up as Isabella was about to go in.


"Sophia?" Isabella turned, looking puzzled."What are you doing here?"

Sophia said, "Isabella, Aiden misses you. He wants you to come back and see him."


Hearing Aiden's name made Isabella's heart ache. She thought, 'He sold me to Michael for money, and now he says he misses me?

With that thought, Isabella coldly replied, "I'm not going. He sold me for money,so he has no right to say he misses me."

Sophia tried to convince her, "Isabella, he's your dad. He's worked so hard all these years,raising you alone."

Isabella laughed bitterly. "Sophia, don't you feel guilty saying that?"

She couldn't even pretend to respect Sophia anymore. For someone so shameless,respect was unnecessary. She mocked, "Since I can remember,
he never supported me. It was Grandma who raised me by collecting recyclables. You say he worked hard raising me? What a joke."

Sophia dropped her act and snapped, "Isabella, the money Ella made would have been ours if it weren't for you. So even though we didn't give you money, the money you spent was still ours!"

Isabella was speechless. She had never met anyone so shameless. It was pointless to argue with Sophia.

"Are you done? I'm leaving," Isabella said coldly.

"No!" Sophia grabbed Isabella's arm and wouldn't let go. "Isabella,your dad really misses you. He's been crying so pitifully. It broke my heart.Please just go back and see him!"

Isabella didn't believe her and said coldly, "Fine. If you return the money Michael gave you, I'll continue the father-daughter relationship with Aiden.



Seeing more people arriving for work, Sophia raised her voice, "Isabella,your dad just misses you. No matter how busy you are, you should take some time to see him. We're getting old; we don't care about money.We just hope you visit us often!"

Her voice was so loud that people started to stop and watch.

Isabella was new to the company, and not many people knew her, but she didn't want to be the center of attention. She tried to break free from Sophia's grip, but Sophia was surprisingly strong, probably using all her strength to hold on. No matter how Isabella struggled, she wouldn't let go.

More and more people were gathering, and Isabella noticed Bronte getting out of a car and walking towards them. Not wanting to give Bronte any leverage, Isabella quickly agreed, "Fine, I'll go back tonight."

Sophia shouted joyfully, "Really? Great! Go to work now. We'll wait for you at home tonight."

After shouting, she leaned close to Isabella's ear and whispered, "Isabella,if you don't come back, I'll wait for you at your company entrance every day. I have plenty of time."

Sophia's voice sounded like it came from the depths of hell, making Isabella shiver. She quickly broke free from Sophia and walked into the company.

"Who was that woman? Why was she bothering you?" A familiar voice came through. Jeremy suddenly appeared at the company entrance,blocking Isabella's way.

Isabella was startled and looked up at Jeremy, who stood with his hands in his pockets, smiling kindly.

Anyone who didn't know better might think they were gazing at each other lovingly.

To avoid making Isabella think he was a stalker, Jeremy explained, "I saw her at the entrance and thought she seemed hostile, so I didn't go upstairs.I was worried she might harm you. This woman has been hanging around for days. She probably didn't dare to bother you when she saw Michael escorting you."

Isabella was surprised by Jeremy's concern and felt a bit flattered.Considering he had said he was friends with Michael, she honestly told him, "She's my stepmother. We haven't been in touch fora long time.She came to find me, saying my dad misses me."

"Oh, you should go back. Don't forget to let Michael know." Seeing more and more people arriving, Jeremy slipped into the CEO's private elevator,leaving Isabella standing there, stunned by his last words.


Bronte stood behind Isabella, patting her shoulder and speaking ambiguously, "Isabella, I saw everything just now."

Isabella didn't understand. So what if she saw? Many colleaguessaw it too.

She didn't want to deal with Bronte. Just then, the elevator arrived, and she quickly stepped in. Bronte also hurried in.

Coincidentally, they were the only two in the elevator.

Bronte said sarcastically, "Isabella, you're something else. Just a few days here,you're already aIl over Mŕ. Wright. But let me give you some advice:Mr. Wright isn't someone you can flirt with. Even though he's not married,he has someone he likes. And that person isn't someone you can mess with."


Isabella was amazed by Bronte's imagination.

Jeremy had only said a couple of words to her, and every sentence was about Michael. Bronte knew nothing and just assumed she was trying to seduce Jeremy.Wasn't that slander?


"Crazy!" Isabella felt like she hadn't encountered a single normal thing all morning. She didn't want to talk to Bronte anymore. When they reached the design department floor, she walked straight to her office.

Bronte was so angry she stomped her feet. She thought, 'This Isabella is too hateful. The reason she looks down on everyone is that she thinks Jeremy will help her,right?'

'Isabella, I won't let you have it easy!' Bronte swore to herself.

Then she saw a colleague who liked to gossip and quickly went over to share this, "Hey, let me tell you, this morning I saw Isabella and Mr.Wright standing together, looking very close. I don't know what they were talking about."


By noon, rumors were everywhere. The latest version was that Isabella and Jeremy were hugging and being affectionate.
 
###Chapter 92 Drugged

Isabella shot Michael a quick text: [Got plans after work. No need to pick me up.]

Michael just replied: [Okay.]

After work, Isabella grabbed a cab to the Taylor Family's neighborhood.She swung by the convenience store at the entrance and picked up a bottle of wine before heading in.

She hadn't bothered with a gift. Aiden wouldn't appreciate anything she gave him anyway, so she didn't want to waste the effort and cash. But showing up empty-handed wasn't good, so she brought the wine.

As she got to the building, she spotted Sophia waiting outside.

Sophia saw her and practically sprinted over, linking arms with her like she was afraid Isabella might bolt. "Isabella, you're finally here! We've all been dying to see you!"

The neighbors were all whispering,

"Look at Isabella and Sophia, they're so close!"

"Sophia's so thoughtful, waiting downstairs to show Isabella respect."

Isabella heard them and rolled her eyes internally. They had no clue Sophia was gripping her arm like a vice, as if she might make a run for it.

A knot of unease formed in Isabella's stomach.

Sophia opened the door and called out, "Isabella is here. Come out and say hi."


Bianca came over and gave a half-hearted greeting, almost rolling her eyes.

Isabella didn't care. She and Bianca never got along. If Bianca suddenly acted nice, that'd be weird.


Aiden stood up and called out, "Isabella, you're back! Come sit next to me."

Isabella plopped the wine on the table and sat next to Aiden.She had nothing to say to him. The $800,000 was a wall between them.

"Long time no see," came an annoying voice fromn beside her.

Isabella then noticed other people in the room. It was Ryan, the guy who'd harassed her at the Foster family banquet and hit Bianca on the day of her gathering with Olivia.

"Come on, Isabella, say hi to Mr. Martin," Aiden introduced. "This is Bianca's boyfriend."


"Ms. Taylor, we're old pals. Judging by your face, you're shocked to see me here!" Ryan said, leaning back in his chair, picking his teeth,legs shaking like they had motors.


Isabella ignored him.

Aiden stood up, all eager, "Mr. Martin, please enjoy. Everything's made to your taste by Sophía, at Bianca's request. Bianca really cares about you..."

Isabella couldn't take it anymore. She stood up and said to Aiden, "Dad,do you know who he is and how he treats Bianca? Do you really still approve of him?"


Aiden slammed the table, "What do you know! Mr. Martin is the heir to the Martin Group, way better than your jobless husband Michael.Mr.Martin is great. Why wouldn't I approve? As for you, it doesn't matter if you acknowledge our family or not. If you don't, even better. Saves Mr.Martin from having to do you any favors.

Hearing this, Isabella regretted speaking up and coldly said,"As long as you're happy. I've shown up. I'm leaving."


Sophia rushed over andgrabbed her, "Isabella, don't mind it. Your dad speaks harshly, but don't hold it against him."

Sophia shoved Isabella back into the chair and snapped at Aiden, "Are you out of your mind? When Isabella wasn't around,you kept saying you missed her. Now she's here, but you're hurting her feelings. At your age,you should know better who treats you well."

She shot Aiden a fierce glare when Isabella wasn't looking.

Aiden quickly apologized, "Yes, Isabella, Sophia's right. It's all my fault.We're family; I shouldn't have said that. I'm sorry."

Isabella looked at Aiden, surprised. Knowing how stubborn he was, she didn't expect him to apologize.

"Come on, it's rare for us to be together. Let's have a drink," Sophia suggested.

"Yes, let's have a drink," Aiden echoed, raising hisglass.

Sophia handed a glass to Isabella, "Come on, Isabella, let's all have a drink together."


Aiden chimed in, "Come on, Isabella, have a drink with me."

Their enthusiasm was over the top. Isabella felt something was off.

She glanced around the table. Ryan was playing with his glass, looking calm, while Bianca was glaring at her, clearly angry but holding back.

The unease in Isabella's heart grew stronger.

"I think I should leave," Isabella said, putting down her glass and

standing up.

Sophia stood up and pushed her back into the chair, "Isabella,you're already here. Are you not drinking because you're still mad at Aiden?"

Isabella retorted, "Sophia. I'm not mad at Dad, it's just..."

"If you're not mad, then drink this glass of wine," Sophia insisted. "Even a sip will do."

"If I drink this, can I leave?" Isabella asked.

Aiden nodded.

Isabella picked up the glass and drank it. Then she wiped her mouth and asked, "Can I leave now?"

Sophia called out to Bianca, "Isabella drank too much. Help her to her room to rest."


Bianca stood there, biting her lip in frustration, stubbornly staring at Isabella, not moving.

Seeing this, Sophia scolded, "You always bicker with Isabella over little things. You've never been able to stanad us treating her well since you were a child."


Suddenly, Isabella's vision went black, and her mind blanked for a few seconds. She realized something was wrong. The wine must have been tampered with. She bit her lip, using the pain to stay awake.

Sophia noticed Isabella's odd behavior and said, "Come on, Isabella,let me take you to rest."

Isabella dodged. At this point, she felt a burning sensation all over her body, like an unquenchable fire was raging inside her.


Sophia dropped the pretense. She directly ordered Bianca, "Take Isabella to the bedroom."


Bianca reluctantly and slowly walked over.

Ryan reached out to stop Bianca and said, "No need. Right here. I want to see how the dignified Ms. Taylor begs at my feet like a dog, begging me to have sex with her."


Sophia grabbed Aiden and called Bianca, heading towards the door.

Bianca refused to leave. She grabbed Ryan's sleeve and asked pitifully, "Mr.Martin, why can't it be me?"

Ryan threw Bianca to the ground, viciously stepping on her chest and mocking, "You? Do you think you deserve to be my girlfriend? If I can't have sex with Isabella, I'll break up with you immediately. Of course, if you don't want to leave, I don't mind you watching, or we can have a threesome. That's fine too."

With that, he kicked Bianca aside and walked towards Isabella with a lecherous grin.
 	(

###Chapter 93 Ryan's Game

The urge inside Isabella was like a tidal wave,crashing against her sanity over and over.


"Dad," Isabella yelled at Aiden, who was about to head out the door."Please,save me. I'll give you any amount of money you want."

Aiden's eyes lit up. "How much can you give me? Another million?"

"Whatever you want," Isabella said, her voice shaking as she pinched her palm hard.

"Deal!" Aiden was aboutto step forward when Sophia yanked him back.

"Mom, I have to marry Mr. Martin. All my friends know about it. If I don't, I'll be embarrassed." Bianca said, panicking as she saw Aiden being swayed by Isabella's offer.

"How much can she make as a mistress?" Sophia scoffed. "You might as well hand her over to Mr. Martin."

Sophia turned to Ryan. "Mr. Martin, we had a deal. If we help you get Isabella,you will marry Bianca and bring her into the Martin Family."

Ryan gave Sophia a disdainful look. "What? You think I'm backing out?I'm giving you this chance because of your connection with the Martin Family. It's up to you to make the most of it."

Sophia grinned obsequiously. "Don't worry, Mr. Martin. I'm with you."

Aiden still hesitated. "But Michael isn't someone to mess with. If we do this,won't he..."

Sophia cut him off. "Aiden, you want the perks but don't want to ruffle any feathers? That's greedy. Michael doesn't even have a job. What can he offer besides eight hundred thousand? But Mr. Martin is different. He's the

heir to the Martin Group."

"But..." Aiden started.

Sophia interrupted again. "Isabella is just Michael's mistress. Even if Mr.Martin likes her and sleeps with her, what can Michael do? Do you wanna offend the Martin Family heir for a mistress? At most, we can pay him off to keep quiet."

With that, she shoved Aiden out the door and turned back to drag Bianca,who was clinging to the sofa.

"Bianca, are you stupid? Staying here is just hurting yourself. Mr. Martin will marry you in the end. Don't worry about what happens between him and Isabella," Sophia urged.

"Mom, I'm not leaving. I'll stay here. You don't need to worry about me,"Bianca said, glaring at Isabella with hatred. "Ill make sure she suffers twice as much for the pain she's caused me."


"Stop arguing!" Ryan snapped, annoyed by their dithering. "I don't care if you leave or not."


Seeing Ryan's impatience, Bianca pushed Sophia out the door."Mom,go with Dad. I'm staying."


Bianca locked the door from the inside and stood there,looking at Ryan with determination.


Ryan motioned her over, and Bianca was stunned. She just stood there,frozen.

"Are you dumb?" Ryan grabbed Bianca and threw her on the sofa. "Since you came to me, I have no reason not to take you. You look so eager to have sex with me. How cheap!"

Then he turned to Isabella.

Isabella, nervous, grabbed the wine bottle from the table. The sudden tension brought back some of her reason, slightly easing the overwhelming desire within her.


"Isabella, you don't need to put on this act. With my status, women are always throwing themselves at me, begging to get into my bed. Forcing women isn't my style; it's no fun," Ryan said, lounging in a chair next to Isabella,crossing his legs, and giving her a lewd look. "I want to see you crawl on the ground, lick my feet, and beg me. I want to see how a lady like you turns into a slut, begging me to have sex with you."

Isabella couldn't help but snap,"Pervert!"

Ryan walked over, one hand gripping her chin while the other pressed down on the bottle she was about to smash. "I am a pervert. But soon, you'll like it."


Ryan laughed wildly and called Bianca over. "Come on,teach Isabella how to serve me."


Bianca had stayed to see Isabella's downfall, to see the always proud Isabella humiliated by Ryan,to satisfy her own hatred.

At first, she was bothered by Ryan wanting Isabella, but then she realized Ryan would never be faithful to her. All she wanted was the status of being Ryan's wife, so it didn't matter. But she didn't expect Ryan, who always looked down on her, to call her over. However, thinking of his methods, Bianca was extremely reluctant.

"Do I have to beg you?" Ryan shouted at Bianca.

Bianca, frightened, walked over to Ryan like a puppet and knelt in front of him respectfully.

Ryan grabbed her hair, forcing her to look up. He slapped her hard,making her face turn to one side.


She mustered the courage to ask softly, "You've got Isabella. Why do you still want me?"

Ryan pulled her hair, pressing her down on the sofa. "Since you chose to stay,you must follow my rules. As for you, with your ugly face, you're not even qualified to be compared to Isabella. But I'm in a good mood,so I'll tell you, you're just a tool for me to punish Isabella."

Isabella quickly understood what Ryan meant. The drug's insidious effects amplified her deepest desires. Memories of her intimate moments with Michael kept flooding her mind. Several times, she almost mistook Ryan for Michael, wanting to embrace, kiss, and even make love to him.

She picked up a fork from the dining table and stabbed it into her thigh,the sharp pain bringing a moment of clarity. She kept reminding herself that it wasn't Michael, and that Ryan was a bad person. Her thigh was already a bloody mess.

Under Ryan's coercion, Bianca stripped naked and knelt in front of him.Her trembling hands unbuckled his beIt, pulled down his pants, and took out his penis, holding it awkwardly with a slightly disgusted expression.

Ryan was provoked by it. He flipped her over, pressing her down, rubbing his lower body between her legs, and pinching her arm, saying viciously,"Scream for Isabella to hear."


Ryan struggled with Bianca for a few minutes, but his organ remained limp.

"Useless woman!" Ryan cursed, delivering a sharp slap across Bianca's face.He stood up naked, took a pill from his bag, and swallowed it. Then his organ quickly stood up, and he proudly raised his head and walked

towards Isabella.

In Isabella's eyes, his face kept switching between Michael and Ryan.The burning desire almost made her lose her mind to throw herself into Ryan's arms.But she didn't smell the familiar scent of Michael.

She raised the hand holding the fork and stabbed it into her thigh again.

The brief clarity allowed her to see clearly that it was Ryan, not Michael.She mustered all her strength and kicked Ryan between his legs. She then collapsed to the ground, unconscious.
 
###Chapter 94 Michael is a Useless Man

Michael got home after work, and it was already pretty late. He headed straight to the second floor to look for Isabella.


Ava told him Isabella hadn't come back yet.

Robert chimed in, saying he got a message from Isabella saying he didn't need to pick her up because she had something to handle.


Michael remembered that Isabella had texted him saying she had plans that evening.


It had been hours since he got off work, but Isabella still wasn't home!Michael called her right away, but no one picked up.

Feeling uneasy, Michael called out to Jerry and was about to leave when Jeremy called.

"Hey Michael, come out for a drink," Jeremy said.

"No, I don't have time!" Michael snapped.

"What's up? Isabella's not home, and you're all worked up? Why so mad?"Jeremy teased.

"How do you know she's not home?" Michael asked, catching the hint.

"Didn't she tell you?" Jeremy asked. "I even reminded her to let you know,but I guess she didn't."

"She didn't tell me where she was going," Michael said, frustrated.

"Man,listen to yourself. You're so gloomy. Isabella just went back to the Taylor Villa, and you're acting like she ditched you," Jeremy joked.

"What did you say? She went back to the Taylor Villa?" Michael asked,

worried.

"Yeah, there's been a woman hanging around the company entrance lately.This morning, when Isabella went to work, the woman stopped her and said her dad missed her and asked her to come back. Isabella said that woman is her stepmom..." Jeremy explained slowly.

Before Jeremy could finish, Michael hung up and told Jerry with a grim face, "Get to the Taylor Villa,now!"


Michael also called Aaron, asking him to head to the Taylor Villa to handle things.

Jerry drove like a maniac, but Michael kept urging, "Faster! Hurry up!"

In about ten minutes, they reached the Taylor Family's neighborhood.

Relying on his memory, Michael found the Taylor Villa.

Aiden and Sophia were at the door, looking anxious and pacing around.

Michael grabbed Aiden, and Jerry restrained Sophia.

"Where's Isabella?" Michael demanded.

"Isabella... didn't come back!" Sophia stammered.

Jerry applied some pressure, making her cry out in pain, and she quickly changed her tune, "She came,but...she left early!"

At that moment, Aaron arrived and found the keys on them, opening the door.

As soon as Michael entered, he saw this scene: Isabella had fainted and was lying on the ground, while Ryan and Bianca were naked, tangled together.

It turned out Isabella's kick didn't have much force. At that time, it made Ryan unable to stand up, and Bianca, scared, came over to check on him,soothing him. She rubbed and blew on him, and soon, Ryan's pain subsided, the drug's effect taking over his mind. He grabbed Bianca's waist and started venting.

Michael rushed over and picked up Isabella. Seeing the bloody wound on her leg, he asked Aaron to contact his childhood friend who was now a doctor,Terry Castillo.

"You seem to have forgotten our previous agreement. Shouldn't you return the money?" Michael said coldly, glaring at Sophia.

Sophia thought, 'The money's long gone; I don't have money to return.'

She nervously hid behind Aiden.

Ryan got up from Bianca, threw on some clothes,and asked with disdain,"Are you Isabella's unemployed boyfriend?"

Michael nodded, "Yeah, that's me. And you are?"

Ryan signaled to Bianca, who proudly introduced, "This is my boyfriend,Ryan Martin, heir to the Martin Group."

"The Martin Group?" Michael had no clue.

Aaron whispered an explanation in his ear.


Ryan sneered, "It's no surprise someone unemployed like you hasn't heard of the Martin Group. We deal in high-tech; you wouldn't get it even if we explained."


Bianca, leaning against Ryan, snorted and said sarcastically, "You're as clueless as Isabella."


Even though Isabella hadn't woken up, she felt comforted by Michael's

presence. She lay in his arms, writhing and clinging to him because of the drug's effect.

With a grim face, Michael told Aaron and Jerry, "Let's get out of here."

He then carried Isabella out. Aaron grabbed Isabella's bag from the chair and, while no one was looking, swiped the wine glass from the table.

Ryan expected Michael to get mad and cause trouble with his two guys,but instead, he just left.

"Pathetic!" Ryan sneered.

Aaron shook his head, thinking, 'This Ryan guy has no idea what he's in for,messing with Michael.'

Michael took Isabella away, and Ryan vented his anger on Bianca. "You idiot. If you hadn't messed around, I would've had Isabella by now."

Bianca, feeling indignant, thought, 'It's because you have erectile dysfunction!


Men with erectile dysfunction were particularly sensitive, always feeling mocked. Ryan was no different. Seeing the look in Bianca's eyes,he slapped her hard, making her crouch on the ground, holding her face,unable to get up for a long time.

Seeing this, Sophia cautiously stepped forward to apologize,"I'm sorry,Mr.Martin. We didn't know Michael would show up suddenly."

"Then I'll give you another chance. Don't screw it up again..." Ryan said,waving his hand as he left.

Sophia ran after him to explain, and only after watching Ryan drive away and breathing in a lot of exhaust fumes did she go back upstairs.

When Bianca saw Sophia return, she grabbed her arm,crying and asking,"

Mom, what are we gonna do? What did Mr. Martin say?"

"Stop crying. We'll make sure you marry into the Martin Family," Sophia said.Seeing Bianca's state, she felt heartbroken, a fierce glint flashing in her eyes.

"Mom, I... can only rely on you... and Dad," Bianca sobbed,leaning against Sophia.

"Don't worry, sweetie. You're our only child. We'll do whatever it takes,"Sophia reassured her, patting her back.

Thinking of Michael, Sophia sneered. Michael, who had been so arrogant in front of them, had fled in front of Ryan without saying a harsh word,completely lacking the ruthlessness heshowed towards their family. This only strengthened Sophia's determination to have Bianca marry Ryan.

No matter what,she would help Ryan get Isabella and help Bianca marry into the Martin Family.
  小J

###Chapter 95 He Considers Himself Her Cure

After Michael carried Isabella into the car, the familiar scent made her feel safe. The drug's effect on her was like a dam breaking,and she couldn't control the desire surging through her.

She pushed Michael down, moaning, her full lips exploring his body and her hands tearing at his clothes. In no time, Michael's neat suit was disarray, thanks to Isabella. Michael, typically the epitome of composure,was now clearly breathing heavily.


Jerry had raised the partition early on, but Isabella's wild moans from the backseat were impossible to ignore. Taking advantage of a red light, Jerry put on his headphones and played a passage from the Bible.


Jerry drove to the nearest hotel to the Taylor Villa. Aaron had already booked a room and was waiting there with Terry.


Terry took a glass that Aaron had prepared, sniffed it lightly,dipped his finger in, and then licked his finger to taste it.

Aaron found it strange. Other doctors were all about cleanliness and precision, but Terry was so different.

Terry said, "It's just a common aphrodisiac. Find a wwoman for Michael.Let him sleep with her, and he'll be fine. If he doesn't want to sleep with a woman, a cold bath with some ice cubes will also work."

Aaron asked, "What if a woman took the drug?"

Terry replied, "For a woman, I don't recommend a cold bath. From a medical perspective, it's too harmful to a woman's body. It's better to find a man for her. There are no side effects. It'll provide quick relief, and she will experience a pleasurable sensation. It's a win-win. Aaron, is there a woman you can't handle? Let me tell you, don't use such underhanded methods. Come to me, and I'll give you some tips to win her over..."

Terry was in the middle of his enthusiastic speech when Michael walked in carrying Isabella. Terry was stunned and pointed at Michael, asking Aaron, "What's... going on with him?"

.Aaron shrugged, indicating he couldn't tell him.

Terry,frustrated, poked Aaron several times with his finger.

"She was drugged. Check her quickly to see if it's serious and if she needs her stomach pumped," Michael said urgently.

"Aaron already checked the glass she used. It's just a common aphrodisiac.Find a man for her, Let her sleep with him, and she'll be fine," Terry said calmly while treating the wound on Isabella's leg. "If you can't find a man,let her take a cold bath. But for a girl, a cold bath is too harmful. I can help you..."

Terry was about to tell Michael that he could help him find one. After all,as a doctor, he had access to such "remedies." But before he could finish,
Michael grabbed him by the collar and threw him out.

Aaron and Jerry stood guard at the door.

"What the hell is going on? Is Michael going to be the remedy for that woman himself?" he asked Aaron and Jerry.


Aaron and Jerry, as if they had agreed beforehand, responded with silence.

Seeing he couldn't get anything out of them, Terry called Jeremy and said,"Jeremy, I've got some shocking news for you. You won't believe what I found out."


"Calm down and spill it," Jeremy said, used to Terry's dramatic flair.

"Jeremy,brace yourself. Don't fall off your chair," Terry said mysteriously. "
Michael, he's not gay. He's with a woman! I caught him!"

Terry laughed triumphantly, but Jeremy just frowned, unimpressed. "That's your big news? You didn't know Michael being gay was a lie? He's had a woman for a long time."


"Oh," Terry's excitement deflated. "I saw Michael bring a woman to a hotel and thought it was big news. Turns out you all kept it from me. Jeremy, I'm hurt."


Jeremy didn't care about his feelings. He only heard the part about Michael bringing a woman to a hotel.

"Hurry up and tell me which hotel and the room number. I'm going to catch them in the act," Jeremy said excitedly.


"Jeremy, spare me. Michael will kill me if he finds out. Aaron and Jerry are there. Ask them," Terry said, hanging up.

Jeremy immediately called Terry back. "If I could get anything out of them,would I be wasting time with you? Come on, tell me. I promise I won't say anything. Don't you want to know Michael's private affairs? Let me tell you, such opportunities don't come every day."

Terry's desire to see the drama was so strong that, with Jeremy's promise,he sent the address without hesitation.


Looking at the address on his phone, Jeremy couldn't help but marvel at how desperate Michael must be to choose such a remote place.

With the adIdress in hand, Jeremy hurried to find Qiana and told her about Michael booking a room at a remote hotel with a woman.

Qiana was furious when she heard this. She slammed her hand on the table, not even noticing the pain, and Jeremy quickly moved to comfort her.

"Michael swore to me that he truly loved Isabella. It's only been a few days,and he's already entangled with another woman. He's so outrageous. HIow


is he going to explain this to Isabella?" Qiana said through gritted teeth,looking like she could tear a piece off Michael if he were in front of her.


"Qiana,should we bring Isabella along?" Jeremy suggested, eager for more .drama.


Qiana sighed and said, "Isabella is a good girl. If MMichael didn't have someone else in his heart, I would think they wwere a perfect match. But Michael... it's just not fair to Isabella. Now that Michael has caused such a scene, she would be heartbroken if she found out. Let's not involve her.We'll try to get rid of the woman Michael is with."

Jeremy tried to comfort her, "Don't worry about Michael. He's an adult and has his status. Even if he doesn't make a move, women throw themselves at him. Men like me, who are devoted, faithful, and loyal,are almost extinct."


Qiana gave him a disdainful look and rolled her eyes. She walked out, and Jeremy followed, carrying her bag, acting as her chauffeur, and driving to their destination.
 
###Chapter 96 That Woman is Isabella

After Michael kicked Terry out, he turned around to find Isabella on the bed, her clothes ripped to shreds. She was flushed all over, writhing in ·discomfort, and moaning in pain because of the drug.

A wave of relief washed over Michael. He was glad he'd dispatched Terry so swiftly, affording them a sliver of privacy in this dire situation.

He turned off the lights, stripped down, and lay beside Isabella.

The moment his familiar scent reached her, Isabella's body responded instinctively. She arched towards him, her arms wrapping tightly around his neck and her long legs intertwining with his waist like she wanted to merge with him.

Isabella felt this crazy fire burning inside her, spreading through her body with no way out. It made her feel like tiny insects were gnawing at her bones, spreading a tingling sensation from the inside out. She couldn't help but lie on top of Michael, urgently pleading, "Michael, I feel so bad.Please help me..."

Seeing her in such pain broke Michael's heart. He gently stroked her back,kissed her cheek, and in her moans, he became the antidote, deeply entering her body.


Under the drug's influence, Isabella was super sensitive and bold, totally different from her usual shy self in bed. She straddled Michael's waist,riding him passionately, becoming the queen of her desires.

Seeing the usually shy Isabella like this gave Michael mixed feelings. On one hand, he went along with her, but on the other hand,he felt a lingering fear. If he had been a little later, who knew what could've happened. He couldn't bear the thought of Isabella with someone else.

The thought of it almost happening made him want to kill someone,

leaving no chance for Ryan.

When the drug's effect wore off and Isabella returned to normal,she was so exhausted that she fell into a deep sleep.

Michael went to the bathroom, wet a towel with warm water,carefully cleaned Isabella, checking her wounds, and finding nothing serious. Only then did he quickly take a shower and lie down beside her.

Before he could close his eyes, he heard a loud knocking on the door from outside.


Outside, Qiana and Jeremy had arrived and saw Jerry and Aaron standing guard at the door.

"Who's in there with Michael?" Jeremy asked.

Jerry and Aaron exchanged a glance, said nothing,and shook their heads together.


"Stop covering for him; we're not going to harm him," Jeremy complained.

Qiana rolled her eyes at Jeremy and snorted. He knew he wouldn't get anything out of Jerry and Aaron, but he still had to verify it every time.

Qiana decisively walked up and banged on the door, shouting. "Michael,open the door! I know you're in there. If you have the guts to sleep with other woman, then open the door!"

Michael recognized Qiana's voice and reluctantly got out of bed. He casually threw on a bathrobe, loosely tied, revealing his sexy abs and V-line. After having sex, his hormones were off the charts, and even Jeremy was stunned when he opened the door.

When Jeremy came to his senses, he quickly covered Qiana's eyes and lightly scolded Michael, "Look at you. Put some clothes on and don't dirty

our eyes."

"Jeremy, you're so fat you don't have a single muscle. If you had a body like mine, you'd want to wear nothing," Michael retorted mercilessly.

"Qiana, look at him..." Jeremy started to complain.

Qiana cut him off,"Jeremy,enough!"

She pushed his hands away, walked past Michael, and headed inside.

Michael quickly pulled Qiana back. "Qiana, what are you doing? She just fell asleep. Don't disturb her."

"I'mn going to see who this woman is, who has such charm that you cheat on Isabella," Qiana said angrily.

Hearing this, Michael knew Jeremy must have told her something.He glared at him and retorted, "What lies have you been telling Qiana? There's no one else in there. It's Isabella."


"You think I'll believe that? You leave your big house to come tothis shabby hotel for a room?" Qiana sneered, "You think we're idiots?"

Michael, holding Qiana, said helplessly, "Qiana, it's just a little fun between us as a couple."

"Is it really Isabella?" Jeremy asked, looking at Michael, who didn't seem to be lying.

Michael nodded.

Jeremy's face darkened, and he asked Michael seriously, "Is it her stepmother..."

Michael nodded again.
Jeremy sighed deeply and exclaimed, "That's outrageous!"

He then pulled Qiana away.

Michael called out to Jeremy, "Jeremy, help me investigate the Martin Group. Aaron's position makes it difficult for him to do it."

Jeremy nodded and said, "Don't worry. Just leave it to me."

Ignoring Qiana's objections, he pulled her out of the hotel.


"Why are you pulling me? I haven't seen if the woman inside is Isabella,"Qiana angrily questioned, shaking off Jeremy's hand.

"It exactly is Isabella," Jeremy sighed.

"What exactly is going on?" Qiana asked, confused.

Jeremy explained, "These past few days, I noticed that Isabella's stepmother Sophia has been lurking around the main office entrance,waiting for her. Today, with Michael not around, Sophia seized the opportunity to pester Isabella and ask her to return to the Taylor Villa.Later,when Michael mentioned that Isabella hadn't come home, I told him what I had seen. I never expected things to turn out this way. The reason Terry knows that Michael has booked a room at the hotel must be that Michael called him to treat Isabella. This hotel is in such a remote location,just close to the Taylor Villa. Michael had no other choice but to bring Isabella here."

Qiana looked at Jeremy in surprise, realizing for the first time that he could be so smart and his analysis was spot on.

"If that's the case, Isabella is really pitiful, having such a family. It's a miracle she's grown up so well and is so outstanding. It's really heartbreaking to think about," Qiana said, frowning with sympathy. "We shouldn't interfere too much in Michael and her affairs. I'll talk to Michae

when I get a chance and askhim not to hurt her anymore."

Jeremy comforted her, "In this vast world, all kinds of strange things can happen. We're just lucky to have loving families, while Isabella is unfortunate, with everyone in her family wanting to harm her. Everyone has their fate, and meeting Michael is her luck. Michael won't ignore this;you have to trust his abilities. But just now, before we left, he asked me to investigate the Martin Group. I wonder if it has anything to do with this."

"The Martin Group?" Qiana exclaimed, "I know them, a new tech company.
Their CEO Ralph Martin's son Ryan is a playboy. He even harassed me before. Seeing a beauty like Isabella, he definitely wouldn't let her go."

Hearing this, Jeremy decided to thoroughly investigate the Martin Group.
 	WJ
###Chapter 97 She Suspects She Is Not Aiden's Biological Daughter

After seeing Qiana and Jeremy off, Michael gave Jerry and Aaron some instructions and sent them on their way.


Jerry had to deliver laundry to Isabella and Michael the next day, so he took off.


But Aaron wasn't having it. This hotel was in the middle of nowhere with crappy security. The only guard, an old guy in his sixties, whose eyesight was failing, and hearing was almost non-existent, was shaky on his feet.Honestly, a mean dog would be a more formidable deterrent.

Aaron was worried and insisted on sticking around just in case.

Michael knew Aaron was brave and thorough, and he appreciated the concern. So, he told Aaron to get a room nearby and keep an eye out, but no need to stand guard at the door.

Terry popped up from somewhere, grinning like a fool. "Michael,what's the deal with that woman inside? Why did Qiana leave so fast?"

"None of your business!" Michael snapped. He was sure Terry was the one who ratted them out. He turned around and slammed the door, leaving Terry standing there, looking dumbfounded.

Terry had risked his neck to tip off Jeremy, but got nothing in return and was now getting the cold shoulder from Michael. He decided to go find Jeremy and sort things out.

Finally,Michael had some peace and quiet. After sending everyone away,he could finally relax.

He walked to the bed, lifted the covers, and lay down.

A pair of warm little hands reached over and grabbed his.

"Michael, where did you go?" Isabella's voice was shaky.

"I sent Aaron and Jerry away," Michael said. "It's late.They need to rest too."


Isabella asked, "Michael, I thought I heard voices outside. Who was it?"

She was half-asleep and didn't catch everything. She vaguely heard a girl's voice, which was really pleasant, and a familiar man's voice, not Michael's.but she couldn't place it.

"Isabella, you're still awake?" Michael asked, propping himself up and gently stroking her swollen lips. To stay awake, Isabella had bitten her lips.leaving little wounds.


Michael thought she was exhausted and wouldn't wake up until the next day,but here she was,still awake.


A sleepless night was going to be long.

"Are you okay? Tell me if you're uncomfortable. I'm here. I won't let you suffer," Michael said, his hand moving from her lips, sliding down to her soft chest.

Isabella grabbed his wandering hand and whispered, "Michael, I'm fine."

Luckily, the room was dimly lit, or he'd see her face turning as red as a tomato.


Isabella's body was no longer uncomfortable, but her heart was aching.

As she fully woke up, everything came rushing back. She remembered Sophia drugging her, Aiden ditching her for more money, Ryan's actions,and how Michael used his body to detoxify her.

She always knew Aiden didn't care about her. When she was a kid, Aiden ignored her, like her life didn't matter to him. It was Ella who raised her by collecting and selling scrap, one bottle at a time. Later,when she started working. Aiden let Sophia hit her up for money and kept trying to sell her off to rich folks for a quick buck.

After she married Michael, he cut ties with her for eight hundred thousand dollars.


This time, he teamed up with Sophia to trick her into drinking drugged wine.


Isabella never expected fatherly love from Aiden, but using family as a cover to hurt her was a new low.


Being betrayed and hurt by Aiden stung just as much, no matter how little she expected from him.

Thinking about it, Isabella buried her face in Michael's chest,her hot tears silently streaming down, soaking his bare skin.

Michael lifted her up and kissed away her tears.

He didn't know how to comfort her and couldn't fully understand her pain.Poor Isabella! First, Aiden sold her for eight hundred thousanda dollars,
then Sophia drugged her and sent her to Ryan for his amusement.

He couldn't fathom how a family like Aiden's could exist. Compared to Isabella, he was incredibly lucky. In the Johnson Family, no matter how much he argued with Wesley and Qiana, and no matte what crazy things he did, he always felt their love.


He instinctively wondered, 'Could Aiden be so cold because he isn't Isabella's real dad? This needs to be thoroughly checked out by Aaron. Aiden shouldn't get away with it.'

Under Michael's soothing, Isabella gradually calmed down. She lay on his arm, her arm around his neck, looking at him intently, and asked eagerly,"Michael,am I beautiful?"

.Michael swallowed and nodded, thinking to himself, 'You're so sexy.

Getting his nod, Isabella continued, "Michael, am I kind?"

Thinking of the stray cats Isabella fed regularly inthe villa's yard,Michael nodded again.

"Michael, am I excellent?" she asked.

Isabella got into Crestwood College with high scores and started working at the top company, the Johnson Group, rightafter graduation. Even if it was in a branch office, it proved that Isabella was exceptionally smart.

Thinking of this, Michael nodded again.

"I'm so excellent, yet they still abandoned me and tried to use me and hurt me. Since I was a kid, I've always been better than Bianca, but my dad never praised me," Isabella said in a low, sad voice, "Michael, I evendoubt if I'm his real daughter."

Michael placed her on top of him, their chests pressed together. He gently stroked her smooth back and softly comforted her, "Isabella, don't worry about them. Look at me, youstill have me. I'm yours."

Once the seed of doubt was planted, it quickly took root and grew.

Michael felt a bit relieved and finally put down his phone. He sighed. It had been an exhausting day. Lying in bed, he changed his position.hugged Isabella, inhaled her intoxicating scent, and fell into a deep sleep.
 
###Chapter 98 Rumors About Her and Mr.Wgt Spread Everywhere

When Isabella woke up, Michael was already up and dressed, sitting by the bed and texting away.

Noticing she was awake, Michael put his phone down, walked over, and helped her sit up. Isabella felt weak, so Michael gently helped her get dressed. Her skin was covered in red marks, and feeling embarrassed, she quickly grabbed her clothes and put them on.

Michael smiled softly at her and whispered, "Isabella, it's just sex. No need to be so shy."


Michael took Isabella home, gave Ava and Robert some instructions, and left her with a deep kiss. He mentioned he had some business to take care of.


Jerry quickly packed a small suitcase for him, and without even going upstairs,they left.

Since Isabella had a leg injury, Michael approved a week off for her through the company's management platform.

During that week, Michael was rarely around, and Isabella quietly stayed home to recover. After a week, the bandage came off,revealing a neatly scabbed-over wound that itched but caused no significant pain.

On Monday morning, Robert dropped Isabella off at the company entrance.Watching her go inside, he snapped a photo of her back and sent it to Michael before driving away.

Seeing this,Jeremy couldn't help but sigh, "I just don't get Michael. If he's into someone else, why does he care so much about Isabella? But if he's not,why keep her a secret?"

As soon as Isabella got to the office, Giselle walked over, looking concerned."Isabella, are you okay?"

Isabella thought her colleagues knew about Aiden's betrayal, and she blushed. quickly shaking her head. "I'm fine."

Giselle sighed in relief. "I'm glad you're okay. Seeing you gone for so long.I thought Mr. Wright fired you to save face! Don't let it get to you. People will talk, but as long as you haven't done anything wrong, there's nothing to worry about."


Isabella was puzzled by Giselle's words. It didn't seem like she was talking about her family issues. She wondered if something had happened while she was away.

"Why would Mr. Wright fire me?" Isabella asked.

"Isabella, you don't know? There's been a rumor going around the company about you and Mr. Wright..." Giselle hesitated, touching her index fingers together, "having an inappropriate relationship."

Isabella's eyes widened in shock. She stood up from her chair, pointing at herself in disbelief. "Me and Mr. Wright? We barely see each other. What kind of rumor is that?"

Giselle shared what she had heard. "At first, it was just a rumor about you and Mr. Wright being close. People listened but didn't take it seriously.But the day after the rumor started, you took a leave of absence, and it was said your leave was irregular, but no one dared to say anything."

"My leave? What's wrong with it?" Isabella asked,confused.

Giselle nodded seriousy. "The company policy requires a three-level approval for leaves longer than two days. Your leave was processed directly through the attendance platform's backend. Only a few people have access to that: the chairman, Mr. Johnson, Ms. Johnson, and Mr.

Wright. So, everyone guessed it was Mr.Wright."

Isabella murmured, "I can explain the leave. My husband knows Mr.Wright, and since there was an issue at home, he probably asked Mr.Wright to help with the leave. But who started this ridiculous rumor about me and Mr. Wright being intimate?"

Giselle sighed, "That rumor has been around for a week now. The gossip has only gotten worse."

"What?" Isabella frowned, looking helplessly at Giselle.

"You've been gone for so long, and the company is split into two camps about your absence. One camp says Mr. Wright is keeping you,so you don't need to work anymore. The other camp says Mr. Wright fired you to appease Ms. Johnson and clear his name. Since you were introduced by Eric,he couldn't openly fire you, so he used his authority to give you a long leave."

"Ms. Johnson?" Isabella was confused.

"That's another story. There's a rumor that Mr. Wright has a crush on Ms.Johnson. Some even say they're together, but Ms. Johnson insists on not getting married," Giselle explained.

"What?" Isabella was stunned, impressed by everyone's imagination.

Giselle reminded her, "You just started here and already have such rumors.Someone is definitely targeting you. Be careful not to get framed."

Isabella gratefully nodded at Giselle and said, "I understand, Giselle.Thank you for telling me this."

Giselle waved her hand dismissively and replied, "It's no big deal. I just think it's pitiful for a newcomer like you to be burdened with such obviously false rumors."

Isabella suddenly thought, 'What if these rumors reached Jeremy's ears?Will he misunderstand and think I have fabricated them?

"Giselle, do you think I should go to Mr. Wright and explain these things?"Isabella asked helplessly.

On one hand, she feared Jeremy's misunderstanding. On the other hand,she was more worried about Michael hearing the rumors and misunderstanding.


Giselle pondered for a moment and said seriously, "Isabella, if it were me,I wouldn't go. First, no matter your intention, dealing with Mr. Wright would give the rumor-mongers new material, solidifying the previous rumors. Secondly, Mr. Wright might not even know about these rumors yet. If you go to him and he fires you to clear his name with Ms. Johnson as the rumors suggest, what will you do?"

Isabella had interacted with Jeremy twice. Other than his somewhat unpredictable personality, he seemed like a good person overall.

She said, "Giselle, I don't think Mr. Wright is unreasonable. He wouldn't fire me without finding out the truth,right?"

Giselle looked around to make sure no one was listening and whispered to Isabella,"As long as it doesn't involve Ms. Johnson, Mr. Wright is a good person. It's an open secret in the company that he likes Ms. Johnson.He's always polite to female employees, but he's ruthless to those with ulterior motives. Your rumor with him will definitely cause Ms. Johnson to misunderstand. Do you think he will be magnanimous about this?"

Hearing Giselle's words, Isabella decided to let things be for now. As long as she hadn't done anything, she wasn't afraid of gossip.

After all, keeping her job was crucial. There was already Michael at home without a job; she couldn't be jobless too.

What Isabella didn't know was that while she decided not to clarify things with Jeremy, someone else approached Jeremy because of her.
 
###Chapter 99 Two Men Confront Him Over a Scandal


Jeremy had been pretty chill lately. Michael asked him to dig into the Martin Group, and in return, Jeremy handed over a few tough clients to Michael.


So, as Isabella took a week off to recover at home, Michael became an increasingly rare presence in her life. His absence stemmed partiallyfrom his newfound burden of handling those tough clients.

On Jeremny's end, with his smooth-talking skills and connections,it took him less than half a day to dig up all the dirt on the Martin Group.

But he didn't tell Michael. He let Michael handle the tough clients while he enjoyed a well-deserved break with Qiana.

Jeremy was on the phone with Qiana, talking about dinner plans, when Vaughn stormed into his office, grabbed his collar, lifted him up, and yelled, "Jeremy, you've got some nerve, taking advantage of Michael's absence to steal his girl! How dare you get cozy with Isabella and even keep her as a mistress! How dare you... betray Qiana!"

"Oh my God, you scared me to death, Vaughn! Are you nuts?" Jeremy yelled at Vaughn, then immediately changed his tone and gently said into the phone, "Qiana, a maniac just barged in here. Let me deal with him,and then I'll call you back."

Jeremy didn't hang up immediately but said goodbye to Qiana before reluctantly ending the call. Then he broke free fromn Vaughn's grip and yelled at him angrily, "Vaughn, why did you barge into my office without permission and interrupt my call with Qiana? You'd better have a good reason."


"Jeremy,how dare you yell at me? I heard about it even at the branch

office, and you're playing dumb here." Vaughn retorted, "Do you even know who Isabella is involved with? How could you do this to Qiana?And what about Michael? You're acting completely out of line!"

"I'm loyal to Qiana. No matter what you say, I have a clear conscience.Unlike you, who falls in love with every girl you see and ruins your body at such a young age." Jeremy mocked, always knowing exactly how to hurt Vaughn the most.


"Jeremy, I never knew you were such a good actor. I heard about it at the branch office, and you pretend not to know at the headquarters? Stop pretending." Vaughn sneered.

"What should I know? All I know is that I focus on my work, and the headquarters' performance is thriving. Unlike you, who gossips about others' private lives all day. Look at how the branch office'sperformance is suffering!"

"Don't talk to me about the branch office's performance. It makes me hate you even more. We'll settle that score later. Today, youa need to explain your relationship with Isabella," Vaughn said angrily, his face dark.

"Isabella? With me? What could I possibly have with Isabella?" Jeremy laughed as if he had heard the biggest joke. "Go tell Qiana or Michael and see who believes you. Let me be clear: I have nothing to hide. I always act with integrity. If you have any accusations against me, go ahead. I'm not afraid!"


Seeing that Jeremy wouldn't admit it, Vaughn knew he wouldn't confess without evidence. He said, "Stop lying. You were getting cozy with Isabella in the stairwell, using your authority to give her leave while Michael was away, and keeping her as a mistress."

"Who's spreading these lies about me? I'm an innocent man, and you're defaming me like this? Who claims they saw me getting close with Isabella

and keeping her as a mistress? If anyone has something to say, stand up and face me. I'm not afraid to set the record straight!" Jeremy was so mad he clenched his fists, his eyes bulging, making Vaughn take a few steps back.


Michael walked in with Aaron, having overheard their conversation,and asked, "Getting cozy with Isabella? Keeping her as a mistress?"

"Why are you back suddenly?" Jeremy was shocked to see Michael,knowing his good days were over.

"If I didn't come back, you'd steal Isabella, and my family assets would be re-titled." Michael teased. He unceremoniously sat in Jeremy's chair, looked at him, and said, "Explain! What's going on?"

Jeremy spread his hands and replied, "I don't know! Vaughn came in here acting crazy. Ask him."


Vaughn quickly said, "I just remembered, I have something to do at the branch office. I'm leaving."

With that, he ran off.

Michael looked at Jeremy and said, "Aren't you going to explain those rumors to me?"


Jeremy said aggrievedly, "I'm innocent! I didn't do any of this. I don't know what's going on. If I find out who started this rumor, there will be consequences!"

Michael looked at him coldly and said slowly, "You feel wwronged? There's no smoke without fire. Rumors are suddenly spreading in the company.Don't you think you bear some responsibility?"

"Michael, what do you mean by that? I really don't know how the rumors started. You know I have no second thoughts about Qiana. I swear, I am

completely faithful to her. If I were ever unfaithful to Qiana,let something terrible happen to me. Besides, Isabella is your woman. Why would I ever provoke her? That would be foolish." Jeremy explained anxiously.

Michael looked at him with disdain, uinable to understand why Qiana liked Jeremy, who swore at the drop of a hat.

"Of course, I know you're innocent. I don't believe you, but I believe Isabella. I don't think she would be interested in someone like you."Michael said, "However, as the company's vice president, you have an undeniable responsibility for such rumors."

Jeremy realized that Michael was assigning him a task. However,investigating rumors was a thankless job. If he found out, people would call him petty behind his back. If he didn't, he would become a laughingstock. He wasn't going to do it!

"As the company's heir, don't you have more responsibility? Why should I investigate?" Jeremy retorted, dissatisfied.

Michael said, "Then let the rumors continue. I trust Isabella completely.But I wonder if Qiana will feel the same way about you."

Jeremy thought about how his relationship with Qiana had just started to improve thanks to his efforts over the past few days. He couldn't let the rumors ruin it. He wouldn't have time to dwell on it then.

"Don't worry. I'll get to the bottom of this and give Qianaan explanation."Jeremy immediately promised.

Michael smiled, patted his shoulder, and teased, "That's more like it. That's what it takes to be Qiana's futurehusband!"

Jeremy rolled his eyes at him and said irritably, "You don't need to emphasize the word 'future'!"

"Whether you admit it or not, the fact remains the same." Michael laughed.waved to Aaron, who brought over a briefcase. Michael opened it and took out a stack of contracts.


"I've dealt with your difficult clients." Michael said, patting the contracts."
How's the information on the Martin Group coming along?"
 
###Chapter 100 Investigate the Martin Group

"Man, the Martin Group is so small and new, it's not even worth my time,"Jeremy said, plopping down on the sofa. He pointed to a file bag on the bookshelf,signaling Aaron to grab it and hand it to Michael.

Watching Aaron follow his orders. Jeremy felt a rush of satisfaction. "These papers cover the Martin Group's business deals and cash flow.Boring stuff.but their story? Way more interesting."

Jeremy paused,crossed his legs, and pointed to his cup, signaling Aaron to pour him some water. Aaron, curious about the Martin Group's history,reluctantly played along.

Jeremy took a slow and deliberate sip, savoring the moment. He glanced at Michael and noticed a flicker of impatience in his eyes. Recognizing it was time to get to the heart of the matter,Jeremy decided to cut to the chase.

"Ralph, the guy who started the Martin Group, is quite a character,"Jeremy continued. "He grew up in an orphanage and started reselling stationery in school. After middle school, he didn't bother with more education.Instead,he used his savings to set up a stall selling popular items. He saved up,rented a spot in a wholesale market, and started a stationery business.He was honest and smart, and soon enough, he created his own brand. The founder of Stationery Haven, the biggest stationery chain in Silvercrest City,is none other than Ralph."

"Wait, Stationery Haven is part of the Martin Group? How did I not know that?" Michael asked,puzzled.

"Michael, just listen," Jeremy said, taking another sip of water. "Compared to Ryan, Ralph's a good guy. After making it big, he kept supporting the orphanage,funding talented kids to go to college. One of those kids was a computer whiz named Travis Banks. During school, Travis developed several software programs. Ralph, being smart, bought the rights to those

programs and used them to sell Stationery Haven and start the Martin Group."


Jeremy added, "After Travis graduated, Ralph brought him into the company to focus on R&D. Travis is a genius in R&D but clueless about everything else. Ralph made sure someone took care of all his needs,turning Travis into a money-making machine. Recently, Travis almost died from overwork, but luckily, he was rushed to the hospital in time."

"From overworking?" Michael asked.

"Yeah," Jeremy explained. "As the company grew, Ralph got more ambitious. He pushed Travis to the limit, and after working fifteen nights straight. Travis collapsed."

"And now? How's Travis doing?" Michael asked, feeling sorry for the genius.

"He's at Summit Serenity Sanctuary. The doctors say he needs rest. As long as he doesn't overwork and stays calm, he should recover," Jeremy replied.

"What about the Martin Group? Without Travis, do they have any other tricks up their sleeve?" Michael asked.

"Nope," Jeremy continued. "Ralph's super arrogant. When it comes to R&D,he only trusts Travis. No matter how good anyone else is, he doesn't care.So,without Travis, the Martin Group is pretty much screwed."

"What does Travis think about all this?" Michael asked.

Jeremy felt a sense of pride at Michael's sharp question. "Good call asking about Travis. I actually went to Serenity Peak and pretended to bump into him. He spilled a lot. Turns out, he's been fed up with Ralph's exploitation for a while, but he can't escape because Ralph has all his personal documents and he has no money. Hard to believe, but Travis is broke.No savings, and even the houses and cars the company gave him are in Ralph'

s name."

"We should talk to Travis about a potential collaboration," Michael suggested.


"What?" Jeremy was puzzled.

Michael, with a mysterious air, said, "A crack is where the light comes in.Travis just needs to find the light."

Jeremy, half-understanding, didn't press further andI continued, "Ralph claims he treats Travis like a son, just to coax him into working more. As for Ryan, Ralph wouldn't let him suffer even a bit."

"Is Ryan the sole heir to the Martin Group?" Michael asked.

"Yeah," Jeremy replied. "Ryan was originally named Asher. HHe had an older brother, Kurt Martin, who died in a car accident when Ralph was still in the stationery business. So, Ralph cherishes Ryan even more. After getting rich, Ralph married several times but couldn't have more kids. So Ryan's his only son."


"What's the deal with Ryan's name change?" Michael asked,curious.

Jeremy explained, "Oh, that's a funny one. Ryan thought his original name,Asher, didn't sound cool, so he changed it to Ryan."

Michael was speechless.

Jeremy added, "Ryan's not interested in the Martin Group's business. He started a modeling agency, which looks legit but is really just a way for him and Ralph to have easy access to women. Despite having countless women, neither father nor son has had a child."

Michael angrily said, "Bastards like them don't deserve to have descendants."

"Michael, just tell me what you want me to do. I'll handle it," Jeremy said through gritted teeth, eyes wide, ready to take action as if Ryan were right in front of him. "He dared to flirt with Qiana. I wish he were dead right now. A woman like Qiana is not someone a bastard like him can covet."


"You should think about how to explain the rumors to Qiana!" Michael said with a sly smile.

Jeremy's heart skipped a beat, but he pretended to be nonchalant. "Qiana doesn't care about such trivial matters. Besides, she trusts me. I won't have anything to do with Isabella."

Despite saying this, he secretly hoped that Qiana would care about this matter.


"Whether she believes it or not is her business. Whether you handle it or not is yours. At the very least, you need to show some attitude," Michael said. "Find out who started the rumors as soon as possible. Such people can't stay in the company."

With that,Michael left with Aaron.