
###chapter 01: The Unlikely Encounter
********
Sparks fly when defiant Amaris dumps coffee on her new bossâ€”ruthless CEO Caleb Thorne. Forced to become his secretary, their battle of wills ignites electric tension. But when her friend is kidnapped by his enemies, they must confront a shared danger... and their dangerously blurred lines.
********
Amaris's POV

I let out a sigh of frustration as I slump into the bed, running my hand through my hair. This is the seventh rejection I've gotten in just two weeks. A lot of people might have just given up, but I know better than to do that.

I moved here to Silicon Valley three weeks ago. After graduating from college, I tried getting a job, but nothing's worked......yet . It's already been four months since I graduated, so my best friend, Mia, insisted I moved here so I could look for a better job with higher earnings. It seemed like a good deal at the moment because I was already pretty hopeless, but now I'm here and still unsuccessful. I feel like I might be cursed or something.

" Hey babe," Mia said, sitting beside me as I let out another sigh. "Nothing yet??" she asked, sporting a worry crease on her face, I nodded yes. " Have you tried Thorne enterprises??" 

"What!! No. I'm not doing that" I calmly said and looked away trying to signify to her that I was done talking about this, but obviously she didn't get the message because before I could say another word she jumped off the bed.

" Why?" she asked, placing her hands on her waist, "it's not like you have any other choice anyways, or do you?" she towered over me, oozing dominance. It was amazing how she could make someone feel scared even with her petite figure and childish features. I mean, if you didn't know her, you'd probably think she's still in her teens.

Realizing the truth in her statement, I am left speechless. " Mhmm, I thought so" she said after a while, "now get on that laptop and get that job" she walked out slamming the door for dramatic effect. Sometimes, I wonder how we turned out to be best friends. A smile creeps onto my face as I think about our friendship.

I opened my laptop and clicked on their site, massaging my temples while I waited for it to load. After a while, the bright logo lit up my face, immediately, I clicked on job vacancies crossing my fingers and hoping that I'll get the job this time.

Scrolling through the list of vacancies, my excitement and anxiety washes away leaving behind a look of disappointment. The only jobs available are that of a secretary and cleaners. Flopping down, I bury my head in the pillow and let out a scream. 

I laid there for over forty minutes, tossing and turning, thinking it over. After I decided that this was my last chance, I applied for the job of secretary. I read the requirements for the job. A photograph of me and my credentials. I think the idea of a photograph is ridiculous, I mean, what are they using my photo for. Anyways, if it's a photo they want, then I'm gonna give them a photo. I went to my camera roll looking for any picture of mine that might be giving secretary. 

I've been scrolling through my phone for over seven minutes, still nothing. Annoyance filling me, I just clicked on a random picture of me and attached it to the documents in which I compiled my credentials. 

----------------------

A high pitched scream from Mia and I jolted awake.

"Mia, it's Saturday. Can you let me sleep in..... peacefully?" I said laying back down.

"No, I can't," she jumped excitedly, "because you just got mail from Thorne enterprises" she yelled.

"I guess I didn't get it then" I said with my eyes closed.

"No. Actually, they've invited you in for an interview for next week" she said in hushed tones.

"What!!" Now I was fully awake "Oh my goodness, I'm getting up to interview stage" I jumped around excitedly.

I'm so happy for the opportunity. It's not my dream job but at least it's a job and it'll put money into my pocket.

"You seem so excited now, but you sure weren't when I told you to apply there. Is there a reason for that??" Mia asked with curiosity written all over her face.

" Well, I thought, if I didn't have any luck with other smaller companies then I for sure won't have any luck with this. And I'm sure you've heard about the CEO of the company" I say the last part, reducing my voice as if I was telling her some major secret, "they say he behaves like the devil himself, that he's equally as merciless as he is powerful. The press even calls him 'the cold-hearted tycoon' " I said. As the drama queen she is, Mia shudders at the end of my statement.

"That might not even be true. Anyways, you'd find out for yourself by next week" she winked at me. I rolled my eyes and headed towards the bathroom, sure that she was already spinning some silly romance in her head.

"If you roll your eyes so much, it's going to get stuck that way" she folded her arms across her chest, " besides, you might like him" she whined.

Sadly enough, I'm not that kind of girl. I love myself and I think the idea of being dependent is silly enough without bringing in the idea of being dependent on a guy. I believe in love but it's just not for me.

----------------------

It's finally the day for my interview. I woke up as early as 4:30 a.m. to ensure I wasn't going to be late. I put on the dress and heels that Mia got me. The dress was a black bodycon stopping directly above my knee, which I paired with silver pumps and a silver purse to match. I put my long brown hair into soft curls and did some light makeup. As I put final touches to my makeup, I can't help but think about how the interview would go. Looking into the mirror, I practice the lines I've been rehearsing over the weekend and the smile I planned to win their hearts with.

I hurried into the car and checked the time. It was currently 6:27 a.m. and my interview was for 7:30, so I took my time as I went on, driving carefully. Stopping over at a little cafe, I got myself a bagel and a medium iced coffee.

Hurrying back into the car, I started up the engine, which made a little whirring sound and died. This car was fine minutes ago I said to myself stepping out to check out what was happening. 

After trying to get it to work, which was a failure, I decided to call a Lyft. Turning on my phone, I realized there wasn't any service and there also weren't any cabs on the road.
After a while, the elderly man that runs the little cafe got me a mechanic.

I drove as fast as I could, I think I even skipped a traffic light. Driving into the company, I stare at the massive structure and I'm dumbstruck. I can't believe it, this place is beautiful. I'm really sure, I'd love working here. Snapping myself out of my imagination realizing I'm late, I hurried out of the car with my coffee and purse in my left hand and my files on my right. I carried every valid file I had because I didn't know the one they'll need.

Lost in my thoughts and struggling to walk in these heels, I didn't notice the two guys coming right across from me, instantly I bumped into one of them spilling my ice coffee all over him.

"Oh shoot, I'm so sorry. I wasn't looking" I said, trying to wipe him down with my hand.  "I'm already ruining things before I begin" I think to myself.

"Can't you watch where you're going?" the man replied in a gruff tone, swatting my hand away and looking at me like I was trash. To think I was late, and I still took my time to apologize to this dick, and this is how he plans to treat me. I tried apologizing again seeing as I was at fault but he shoved me away this time I almost lost my footing.

Regaining my balance, I glared at him, "I'm trying to apologize to you, you know that right?" I said angrily and he just shrugged nonchalantly. "Well, you could as well fuck off" I growled, push him and hurry into the building.

I have been waiting at the clerk's mini reception and I can't help but think about what a prick that guy was. Who is he in the first place? I mean, he was acting so entitled like he's better than me in some way. Why was he so rude?  I mean, I'm a fellow human being. No, I won't let him cloud my mind or ruin my mood. I'm getting this job and that's all that matters to me right now. 

After about 30 minutes, I'm called into the boss' office.
"Gosh, I'm so late," I muttered to myself as I walked into the office. The boss is  on a swivel chair and looking out the penthouse floor to ceiling window probably admiring the skyline. 

I've already stood here for over two minutes and I'm getting impatient. As I was considering clearing my throat to get his attention, he swiveled around. I looked up at him and flashed my perfectly rehearsed smile but the smile fell almost immediately as I looked at him. I gulped, my heart leaping into my throat as I realize  that the man I threw coffee on and told to fuck off, is the boss, the CEO of the company. The man in front of me is Caleb Thorne.

###chapter 02: The Game Begins
Caleb's POV

"I insist, and don't call me until it's done" I hung up the phone sighing in frustration as I handed it to my clerk who was struggling to catch up with me.

"Sir, is everything okay?" he stuttered. I don't know if he only stutters around me or he stutters normally, but I can swear I've heard him talking normally.

"No, everything's not okay. And that's what you get when you have your business in the hands of incompetent workers" I adjusted the ring on my pinky, making my way to my car looking down to adjust my suit.

Right before I can look up, someone bumps into me, and it's a lady. I grit my teeth in annoyance and disgust at the ice coffee spilled all over me. I hate ladies, especially clumsy ones. I see them as only a means to satisfy my urges, because they've never given me a reason to like them. The only woman I've ever loved is the woman that I've always seen as a mother. She isn't related to me in any way, but after I lost my parents, she made sure to fend for me and my cousin in the best way she could, although it wasn't much.

" Oh shoot. I'm sorry, I wasn't looking" she said in a soft voice as she used her hand to try brushing away the coffee stain, making it worse.

"Can't you watch where you're going?" I brushed her hand away from my already ruined shirt, glaring at her and sizing her up, trying to judge whether the apologetic look she had on was just so she could get into my pants.

" I'm very sorry" she said again, bringing her hand to my chest to brush the coffee stain again. Grabbing her hand mid-air, I put it back down. Much force wasn't used but she staggered backward. She's either really fragile or staminaless in her heels.

As she regains her balance, her sad demeanor turns into that of anger. " I'm trying to apologize to you, you know that right?" she stood up tall and said glaring, a little light in her eyes. Unwilling to talk to her any longer, I just shrug. Taking a little step back, a look of resolution crosses her face. Gripping the bunch of documents she was holding a little tighter, she growls, "well you can as well fuck off", she shoves me to the side and walks past, going into the building.

Now, my interest in her just went up a hundred notches. No lady has ever talked back to me or been rude to me, no matter how hard I tried to annoy them. They treat everything I say and do like it's some piece of rare diamond, which contributed greatly to my hate towards ladies. As I walked to my car, I wondered who that lady was.

"Sir, are you going for the meeting in this shirt?" the clerk asked slowly.

"Yes," I said, getting into the car. He already knows too well not to counter me, so he nods and retreats back into his office.

Starting up my car, I tuck the thoughts of the strange lady at the back of my mind, with the plan that when I return, I'll look for her. 

The meeting only took about twenty minutes and now I was back in my office. Sitting at my desk, I look out my floor to ceiling window at the amazing skyline view, my thoughts drifting to the lady I met earlier. I'm broken out of my thoughts by the loud ring of the telephone.

Sighing, I picked the phone and place it on my ear, "what" 

"Sir, the last person for the interview is here. Should I send her away?"

" No, send her in," I said, putting down the phone. I'm in a weirdly good mood today, so I decided to entertain the lady, in case she might have a reasonable explanation.

I hear the door shut but I'm not ready to turn around just yet. I didn't hear the voice of anyone after waiting a while, so I turned around to check if the person was still in here.

Turning around, I'm surprised and excited at the same time. So the hothead I met outside is the one looking for the job. I felt more pleased when I saw the charming smile on her transition to shock and fear.

" Have a seat" I pointed to the seat beside her while giving her a smug smile.
As she sat down, she arranged her files and handed them to me. Picking up to my phone to check my schedule, I waved the files away and she retracted her hand in shock. She looked like she was sure she had lost the job, I had to keep myself from laughing.

"You're hired" I said nonchalantly, my attention still on my phone. From the corner of my eye, I see the shock on her face.
"And you resume work tomorrow", I informed her.

She let out a loud laugh, "you're joking, right?" she said as I glared at her. Probably getting the message, her brows creased, "No way, I'm supposed to get at least a week before I start working " she folded her arms across her chest.

I liked her spunk but I couldn't bear being spoken to like that. Taking a deep breath, I look at her and start explaining the nature of her work.

"You begin work tomorrow. And you'll be working as my personal secretary and also doing the job of a personal assistant, so get ready to work" she stood up with so much force, her chair flew back. I couldn't help but notice her statuesque hourglass figure as she took a few steps back.

"Hell no. That's not what I signed up for" she stood with a defiant pose, her arms crossed and her weight shifted to one hip. "You'll have to look for another position for me, 'cause I'm not taking this one" she glared at me.

Gritting my teeth and fisting my palm, I ordered her to sit back down. "This is the only position that'll be given to you. If you don't like it, you can leave" I snarled, leaning closer, earning myself a shudder from her. "And there are rules in this place" I continue in a menacing tone, "firstly, you do not talk back to me. Secondly, tardiness would not be tolerated. If you want to skip work any day, I should have a two weeks notice before then. You'll have a mail sent to you containing your dress code. Do not ever go against it. If you default any of these rules, you'll be fined" I warned her and she nodded, sinking back into her chair. I sat back with pride, seeing that I've instilled some level of fear into her. 

"You may leave now", I gesture towards the door. Immediately, she gets up and strides away, her face contorted in anger.

I have a little smirk on my face as I realize how fun things are going to become with her working for me. Immediately, I called my clerk.

"Sir, you sent for me" I hear the voice of the person that has worked with me for a lot of years.

"Yes, I want you to pack up your stuff. I'm transferring you" I smile at him.

"Sir, but I'm very fine here", he said in a shaky voice, pleading with his eyes that I don't transfer him.

"Do you have a wife, Josh? Or kids?"

"No sir" he answered, his head hung low.

"Well then, I don't see why you can't go. But you have a choice though. You can go to Florida and become the operations manager over there, or you could step down to the position of a receptionist" I say already knowing his obvious choice.

"I'll go to Florida, sir" he responded.

"Yeah, well I'll be sending in your ticket. You'll leave next week, I've already fired the former operations manager so I'll send a letter to the present manager over there to anticipate your arrival." I said already typing the mail, "your apartment is already covered, so enjoy your last day over here. You can leave now"

As he leaves and shuts the door, I can't help but think about my new secretary. Going through the application she mailed the company, I'm surprised to see the photo she attached. Other people that came in search of this job used formal pictures, but the picture she attached looks like she was heading grocery shopping and decided to just take a photo for fun.

"Amaris Carter" I tested her name out in my mouth, rolling it off my tongue. I laugh deep in thoughts. Seeing her as a challenge, I already have plans on how to stretch her.

"You're a feisty one, aren't you?" I mutter, giving her picture a once over, "well, let's see how long it will take and how far I'll have to go to break you" a smirk plays out on my lips as I turn back around, admiring the beautiful skyline.

Now the game begins.
###chapter 03: The Calm before the Storm?
Amaris's POV

Walking out of the doors of the building, I made my way towards my car. I couldn't help stomping a few times on the way just to let go of the rage that kept rising in me. Getting into my car, I put my hands on the steering wheel and take deep breaths to try calming myself down. 

I drive out of the building, but I can't drive what just happened in there out of my mind. "Arrrgh" I grunt out pounding my fist on the steering wheel. I can't believe I let him get to me like that, I just sat there and let him spew those maggoty words out of his mouth. 

He didn't yell at me or do anything remotely scary, but his aura was enough to shut me up, which is really strange. I'm not the type of girl that crouches down and whimpers when being intimidated by a guy, that's such a Mia thing to do. Normally, that's when I act tougher, but things were really different in there with him.

As I enter the apartment, Mia rushes to me. I sigh and roll my eyes throwing my bag onto the couch. Taking a seat, I fling those godforsaken shoes off my feet. Mia had paused when she saw my expression but now she was walking towards me with compassion written all over her face. She probably thinks I didn't get the job, honestly, I feel like it would have been better if I didn't get the job. I don't think I can work with that man as my boss.

"How'd it go? I saw your text" she said in a soft tone, referring to the text I sent to her when my car was getting fixed about how I'm going to be late and probably lose the job.

Seeing as I didn't reply, she concludes in her mind that I didn't get the job. "It's fine, I'm sure you'll still find another job. You really...... we really thought this was the one, I'm really sorry you didn't get it" she said pulling me in for a hug.

"That's not why I'm this way" I pulled out of her hug and gesture towards my face.

"Really? Then why are you like this" she said, emphasizing on the 'are' with a confused expression.

"I'm like this, because I got the job" I say, flailing my arms, my voice rising an octave higher.

"You seemed genuinely excited for this job so......what exactly happened" she squinted her eyes, something she was fond of doing whenever she was deep in thoughts.

I could swear I heard the screws turning in her head, playing out every possible scenario of what might have happened to me in there. To satiate her curiosity, I begin narrating what happened; from the coffee incident, to finding out he was the boss and finally to how he put fear in me when he began giving me those silly rules.

"Wait, he got to you? That's crazy. No one ever gets to you, so how's that possible? He sounds like a nasty person" she said in a hushed tone as if we were saying something forbidden.

"He is a nasty person" I rebutted, adding emphasis on the 'is'.

"But you never know what might come out of this office relationship. I mean, he said you'd be working as his personal secretary, right? Well, what if this turns into something else" she said softly, a dreamy faraway look in her eyes, like she was actually picturing it happening.

Turning around, she sees my nose all scrunched up in disgust and rolls her eyes. "You'll still fall in love someday, you know, and when that time comes, you won't be able to keep yourself from falling. I promise you that.''

"Anyways, when are you starting?" she asked, her eyes lingering on her phone a little while before she looks up.

"Oh, I thought I'd already mentioned that," I say thinking back.

"No, I don't think you mentioned it" she shook her head.

"Well, I'm resuming tomorrow" I say calmly.

"What!! That's not right, you should be given time to prepare" I watched her expression shift from shock to anger.

"That's exactly what I said " I butt in, "anyways, that reminds me. He's supposed to send me a letter containing his precious dress code.

"You shouldn't think about that. Most companies do it, so it's not really a bad thing" she followed behind me. "By the way, how much is your pay?"

"Oh shit. I didn't ask about that. I'll ask tomorrow or some other time, I just hope the pay is worth it" I sat on the bed and opened my laptop.

I refreshed my mail and as expected, the mail hopped in. "They've sent in the mail" I notified Mia as she began scooting in. Basically, the dress code was midi skirts, midi dresses, all clothing must be formal and..... Oh, these fuckers. Heels are compulsory, and it must be covered toed heels.

"I guess you have to get used to putting on heels now," Mia laughed as I scoffed and rolled my eyes. Almost immediately, another mail jumps in.

"Oh. My. God" I said with my eyes wide open and a smile playing on my lips.

"What?" Mia asked, her eyes wide as she moved towards the closet to help me sort out an outfit for tomorrow. "Oh come on.  Say something" she whined when I didn't answer her.

"Well, come see for yourself " I squeal as she runs towards where I'm seated on the bed. "They sent me my work schedule, and it contains the amount I'm to be paid monthly '' I said pointing to where it was written.

"Five thousand dollars?" she squealed in shock and excitement as we both started jumping and screaming in excitement.

"Shhh. Let's keep it down, before our annoying neighbor comes knocking at our door.

I went to bed with a huge smile on my face, I think the only mistake I made was not reading the work schedule that was sent alongside.

---------------------

"Come on, we have to double up so we don't run late" Mia yelled over at me seeing as I was still straightening my hair. I had really wavy hair, so usually I straighten it and put it in soft curls so it'd look better. The process usually took about thirty minutes, but today I was trying to get it done in half the time.

As I hurriedly squeezed myself into my dress, I thought about how the day would go and how good it would feel to actually be working.

Mia stood at the door hurrying me on as I put on my heels. She has her own car so she could as well leave me, but being the good friend she is, she made sure we were going to leave together. I didn't even get the chance to look at my reflection in the mirror, I was actually kind of worried that I didn't look good in the dress.

The dress I had on was a navy blue long sleeved dress with a sweetheart neckline. I paired it with black stilettos and a black bag, accessorized with gold jewelry. The company insisted on light makeup, so, already having flawless skin, I just applied a little bit of powder, mascara, winged liner and a nude lipstick. I was never one for much makeup, so this wasn't a problem to me.

Saying goodbye to my best friend, I get in the car and zoom off. I was late yesterday and I don't intend on being late again today so I didn't want to take any chances. 

The thoughts of what I would do today ran through my mind. I didn't know what to expect but I was really excited, I had even forgotten about the incident that happened yesterday with Mr Thorne.

Halfway through my journey, I check the time. I'm supposed to be signed in at 7:00 sharp and it was presently 6:37. I guess I'm going to be on time after all.

Walking out of my car, I make my way into the building. I press the call button on the elevator and wait.

"Hello" I said to the lady in the elevator. She looked to be in her mid 30s and she had on a nice pantsuit. She looked so classy and beautiful, unconsciously, I straightened my back and changed my demeanor to match hers.

"Hi" she said with a smile, "I haven't seen you here before. Are you new?" she asked in a British accent, which just adds more class to her.

"Yes, I'm the new personal secretary to the boss. My name is Amaris, Amaris Carter" I say bringing my palm out for a shake.

"Well, my name is Megan. If you need anything, you could ask for me. I'm the operations manager for this unit" she smiled, shaking my hand.

Suddenly, the elevator comes to an abrupt stop. "Good luck on your first day" she says as she goes out of the elevator. I'm now alone again as I continue up to the penthouse.

Getting into my assigned office, I put my bag on the table, I take a deep breath and heave a huge sigh of satisfaction. Looking around, I break out a huge smile.

The office was not big but it wasn't small either. It has a nice dark wooden table at one end with my own personal swivel chair. I bite back a scream as I sit and twirl around on the chair. On the table, there's a computer system and some file books. Spinning around again, I take in the snow white walls of the office, not noticing the man standing at the door, staring at me.

"What are you doing?" I hear a growl from the doorway. I almost dropped to the ground in fear at the intensity of the voice, breaking me out of my reverie.

"Uhh, good morning Mr Thorne " I say hurriedly getting up from the chair and putting my head down.

"You'll refer to me as 'sir'" he said in a manner that called for no objections. "And get to work, there are some appointments I need you to reschedule for me. It's all in there" he pointed to a file on the table I didn't notice was there before and left shutting the door behind him.

I sigh in realization of the fact that working with Mr Thorne isn't going to be easy. I met him only once before and I already detest him. 

Things don't seem so bad right now though. Or is it just the calm before the storm??
###chapter 04: An Eventful First Day
Caleb's POV

I listened for the clicking of her heels as she went into her office. Believing she had settled in, I decided to go make my presence known to her but I'm surprised when I get to her door and see her spinning around on the swivel chair like a child, my presence going unnoticed.

"What are you doing?" I ask, surprised that this was the same person that told me to fuck off yesterday. How can someone be so playful and yet so spiteful at the same time? She just keeps getting me more intrigued and interested in her.

"Uhh. Good morning Mr Thorne" she says as she hurriedly gets up and hangs her head. I pause for a little while wondering if this is the same person or a clone. Then a thought comes to me, what if she's pretending?

"You'll refer to me as 'sir'" I clarify. I don't really mind what people refer to me as, but with her, I'm going to make sure she feels my authority over her. I assign some work to her and leave, heading back to my office. 

Amaris's POV

After he leaves, I get to work doing what he asked of me. I've told myself that I won't let him get to me, and I won't. If he wants me to call him sir, then that's what I'm going to call hi, besides, the pay is really good.

I think I've sent over a thousand mails today. Like, how many companies is this guy connected to? At least I get to go on break soon, by 12:30 I think, and it's already almost 12, so I'll have about an hour of freedom .

"Yeah, it's not been so bad though" I say to Mia over the phone.

"I'm glad you're doing fine," she replied.

" Yeah. And I've told myself that I won't let him get to me. He can do his worst, but I'll keep a clear mind and try to be on my best behavior. Oh yeah also....." I was saying before he snatched my phone from me.

"Give me back my phone" I yell as I reach for it.

"Are you talking to me like that?" he asked sternly, looking me in the eye.

"No sir, I'm sorry sir" I look down remembering the promise I made to myself. I could feel my blood boiling, I felt like giving him a smack across the face.

"You do not make calls, except if it's an emergency. And you still have to ask permission from me before you do that." he says as he hands back my phone to me. "And get ready, we leave in 30 minutes."

"W..wa..wait, leave? Leave to where?" I ask, confusion altering my features.

He rests on the doorknob and folds his arms, "I guess you didn't read the schedule that was sent to you yesterday?" he said and leaves for his office.

I wanted to say something to him, but what I wanted to say got lost on the way while I was staring at him. This was the first time I actually took a good look at him. With his chiseled features, strong jawline and prominent cheekbones, I wonder how I didn't notice his beauty from our first meet. I guess his stank attitude overshadowed his handsome looks.

Thinking back on his figure that was resting on the door, I see his messy hair that looks so perfectly imperfect, his dark locks falling across his forehead and framing his hand so face, his broad shoulders and athletic build,....wait, what am I doing? There's no way I'm thinking about this prick of a man like that. I've never thought about any guy like this before, at least not since I was in 12th grade, so what the hell?

I think I should go check that schedule though, I don't want anything to get me shaken up again. 

So, we have a meeting at.... San Francisco? 

I stepped into the parking lot making sure I'm exactly four feet away from Caleb, because from my extremely short experience with him, I won't be surprised if he complains that I'm breathing too loud or that he hates the smell of my perfume. 

I'm beginning to think he didn't get enough love as a child, because the way he whines and complains about everything is just giving attention seeking vibes. Just my opinion.

I admired the Mercedes Benz S560 4Matic, I hope to have a car like that someday soon.
I sat at the right end of the car with Caleb on the left. I tried my best to look distracted so he won't ask me anything. He spoke about private matters on the phone like no other person was there, but being me, I couldn't help but listen.

"Come over to the office by 4:00 p.m., I need a release", the way he said it like he was talking about a business deal, I personally even thought he was talking about a business deal, but that changed when the last words came out of his mouth, " put on something sexy". I'm pretty sure my eyes grew wide as saucers at the last statement. Not just because of what he said, but because of the expression he had on his face when he said it. He looked like he was talking about some boring business that he had no choice but to partake in. 

We were on the road for about an hour and thirty minutes before we finally arrived at our destination. I slept on the ride, which was pretty embarrassing, but at least I woke up of my own accord. As I step down from the car, I resist the urge to stretch before I embarrass myself more than I already have. We begin heading into the company while I try to stretch myself out in a way that won't draw attention to how silly I look. It worked but it wasn't as satisfying as actually stretching.

Unlike Thorne enterprises that deals in almost all businesses ranging from tech to real estate to even food products, Pronge industries deals only in tech. As we walk past all the glass manufacturing rooms, I'm in awe of the cool robots that they were working on. I wish I could be in there with them but, fun fact, this was one of the companies that rejected me. Recalling all that put me in a very shitty mood.

Before the meeting, I felt very ecstatic thinking they were all coming together to pitch ideas on what the next big thing in tech would be, but entering into the meeting, I was disappointed. They all sat on official chairs at a very long table. Caleb sat at the head of the table, which was indeed very surprising seeing as it's supposed to be the head of Pronge industries on that spot, but when I saw the way the CEO of Pronge industries respected him, I realized he already had them all in his back pocket.

For an hour, the only thing they talked about was marketing strategies, while I stood beside Caleb taking notes, so I was glad when it finally came to an end.

As we walk back to the car, I notice the looks the guys throw my way but I quickly shrug them off with a nasty glare. I have nothing against dating or falling in love, but to think the person I'm dating will want to buy or pay for everything for me, thereby subjecting me to dependency, irritates me. I am an independent woman, and I won't let any "he" change that.

The rest of the car ride was uneventful, so the joy that rushed through me when Thorne enterprises finally pulled into sight was exceptional.  At 4:30 p.m., a beautiful pale skinned lady walks into my office with extremely high heels and a body con black dress that stops mid calf, she had on way too much makeup but overall she was sexy.

" Hello" I greet entranced by her beautiful, caramel colored doe eyes.

" Hi, I'm here to see Mr Thorne" she smiles, a slutty edge to her voice.

" Name, please?" I ask, looking over the list of people that he had an appointment with.

"Kiara. Kiara Sanchez" she replies, that radiant smile still plastered on her face.

"Sir, Miss Kiara Sanchez is here" I say standing at the door of his office.

" She's late" he growls, "usher her in. She deserves a punishment"

I usher her in, confused at Caleb's words but too tired to think about them. I can't wait for 6:00 p.m. so that I can go home and take a long shower and nap. 

As I close my eyes in order to rest my brain a bit, I hear a loud spank, quickly activating my sixth sense. Getting up to go fight for my fellow girl, I start hearing strange things that push me back to my seat.

" Ohhhh. Spank me" I sit back stunned, with my mouth hanging open.

"Don't you dare turn around, you slut" I hear Caleb growl.

I wonder why I can hear them when there is a sound proof door between us. Oh shit, the door is slightly open. I want to go close the door, but closing it will mean that there's a possibility that I might see them, and I am not taking that chance so I decide to put on my headphones. I can still hear their moans, but luckily, I can't make out their words.

Finally home, I begin narrating everything to Mia.

"All these on just your first day? This is crazy."She smiles ,clearly enjoying  the story.

"And girl, he is hot" I say and describe how he looked when he was resting on my door.

"Okay, why are you concerned about that? I mean, you never care about how guys look, what's different about this one?" she caught me off guard.

"Nothing. I only took note so I could tell you" I stuttered at the end. I know she saw through my lie but she just chose to ignore it.

" So, what was the lady's reaction when she finally came out of Caleb's office?" she asked with intrigue.

"I don't know. I didn't stay till she came out " I say getting up to go get what I want to put on tomorrow to work.

"What!! They could fire you for that" she whined 

"No, he can't. My contract says I leave work at 6:00 p.m. and that was when I left" I yawned.

"Go catch some sleep. Let me take care of that. You've already had a long day today"

"Thanks Mia, you're the best" I say giving her a big hug

As I lay on the bed and place my head on the pillow, I drift off into a dreamless sleep.

###chapter 05: Crazy Thoughts 
Caleb's POV

I smile thinking back at today's car ride, when I was calling Kiara. The shock on Kiara's face was everything when she heard the words "put on something sexy". Thinking about it, a chuckle escapes my lips.

What the fuck? I can't remember the last time I genuinely laughed but in just one day this lady enters my life, I'm laughing without meaning to.

What would have been her reaction when she heard me fucking Kiara? Crazy, I'm sure. Another smile crawls onto my lips as I think about it. 

Turning on my laptop, I go through the camera footage, having access to every single one of them. I see the way she rushes to come to Kiara's rescue when I began spanking her and her reaction when she realized what was going on and another chuckle escaped my lips.

My purpose for bringing Kiara into the office today really and truly worked. I can't remember the last time I told Kiara to come over to my work place, but anything that's going to taunt Amaris, I'm fine with it. I'm very determined to break her before the month runs out. But what if she gets tired and decides to resign? No that won't happen, it won't get to that extent. 

My dislike for ladies is not something that's inherent or that came on its own, but rather,  something that experience pushed upon me. 

I clearly recall my early years, when I just started Thorne enterprises - it wasn't even an enterprise then, but I hoped that it would soon become one - I met this beautiful lady, Abigail. We were good friends and slowly, I began falling in love with her. I told her how I felt and she insisted she felt the same way too, assuring me that the relationship was not one-sided, but then after eight months, on the day I planned to engage her, I caught her in bed with one of my partners. I wanted to kill the person she was involved with, just to realize that he too was being played. After then, I partly gave up on ladies, but then I realized that everyone I fell in love with was just there for the money or the sex. I abandoned women and focused on my work. That way, I gave them what they wanted and still got what I wanted.

The longest I've been with a lady since Abigail is Kiara Sanchez. I met her at a club I frequented. She served as a waitress, but being beautiful, sexy and in need of money, it wasn't difficult to lure her into my bed. She enjoyed the night and we exchanged numbers. Whenever she came and it was over, I'll pay her and she'll leave. Well, that was until she began requesting for other things like housing, allowance, maintenance and other crazy stuff which I had no problems providing. The only reason I stuck with her ever since is because she fucks like a pornstar, obeying my orders. I fucked rough but not bdsm type of shit. That's just outright crazy, I can look at you and you can look at me but you can't touch me kiss me or show any physical affection and that worked fine between us.

Tucking those memories away into the box of bad memories at the back of my mind, I begin planning for tomorrow. I need to go see my brother, he is actually my second cousin, but circumstances and situations brought us closer than best friends, even closer than brothers.

Kian hasn't been in the country or even the continent for quite a long time and he came back two weeks ago. I've wanted to go see him for a long time but I've been postponing my visit because one thing or the other comes up but I've made up my mind that nothing is going to stop me from going today. I put my brother first before everything and everyone so to think I've left him for business for two weeks is something I'm not comfortable with.

I go into my bedroom to catch some sleep before morning. If I was lucky, I'd get up to 5 hours sleep but with my insomnia, the odds are pretty low. I lay down to get my average 2 hours of sleep before getting up again to work.

Here I am an hour later picturing Amaris with no clothes on. Her sexy hourglass figure spread on my bed with me spanking that sweet ass of hers and she screaming my name. Why the hell am I thinking of her in that way? I sit up rubbing my temples with my eyes shut to try to clear my mind. Something feels out of place. Shit! My erection is hard, and it's too damn late to start calling Kiara over. I guess I have to do this shit myself. Fuck!!

As I stroke myself, I still have Amaris on my mind. That girl is seriously pulling my attention.

I got out of bed with a yawn and had a good stretch. After my release earlier, I had a good rest. I guess luck was on my side seeing as I slept a little over five hours. Putting on my tank top and shorts, I head to the living room. I grab a bottle of water from the fridge and go throw on my sneakers ready for my daily run.

I just ran all the way to the gym and it's currently 5:15 a.m. After doing my usuals, I go back home ready to shower and head to work.

Damn, I'm showering and I'm still thinking about Amaris, but unlike yesterday, I'm thinking about my task at hand which is to get her to lose her composure. I overheard her yesterday on the phone with her friend when she said she wasn't going to let me get to her and that pushed my determination up a notch.

"Good morning sir" she greeted me as I entered her little office that shares a door with my office. I created this little glass cubicle for her so that I could piss her off at ease.

Surprised that she's here before me, I head to my office so that I can assign her some jobs before I leave, but her surprise at my choice of outfit today did not go unnoticed. I had on a black button down shirt and black pants. The first two buttons of the shirt were open, exposing a little bit of my chest and the sleeves of the shirt were folded up. My hair is more disheveled than usual today because I need a haircut. My half Korean half American gene was not really obvious, but my hair screamed Korean. I don't know if it's like that for other Koreans or other people in general, but my hair can't stay in a particular position without the use of gel and I hated that. Most I could go with is a hair cream. Kian complains a lot that my hair gives me a dangerous appearance but I think I like it that way.

Whoa! The people I have to meet today are pretty important. As I scroll up and down the list, I can't help but smile. Some of the people on this list have never been turned away or rejected before, so they'll be really pissed to find out that their appointments have been canceled.

"I'll be out today and I'm sure you know I have a bunch of appointments, right?"

"Yes sir" she put her head down and said with a soft voice.

"Yeah. So I need you to cancel every one of them" she nods slightly " and render my sincerest apologies, okay?" 

"Yes sir" she looks up and I can see a slight smile on her face. I wonder why she's smiling, is there anything on my face?

I stood still admiring her beauty. She had on a white button down silk shirt tucked into a black fitted knee- length skirt, with some really cute black heels. But all I could imagine was ripping off the buttons of that shirt with my teeth and biting and sucking on her nipples.

"....you might need?" 

"What?" I was so lost in my head that I didn't hear what she asked me.

" I asked if there was anything else you might need?" she reiterated, her eyes gleaming and her brows creased in confusion and worry.

I need you under me, I need those lips of yours around my shaft, I need the feel of my cock buried in you, those were the thoughts running in my head and about to spill out of my mouth but I held them in before I started what I wouldn't be able to finish.
" Yes, I need you to send some mails after canceling those appointments" I'm saying this like I wasn't just imagining her under me. " I'm going to give you the details of the mails and I'll leave the rest to you, alright?"

"Yes sir" she nods and sits back down. Look at that body, she's going to be sweet as pie. As I step into my office, I keep picturing things that I shouldn't be thinking of, of my secretary. 

Picking up my bag, I leave the office to go see Kian. I've always had the best self control, but with Amaris around me, I can feel it crashing down. This isn't right but I have to think about it later. As of right now, I have somewhere to be.
###chapter 06: Random day, Strange dreams. 
Amaris POV

Okay, this is going to be easy. Caleb just left like that ? I guess luck is on my side today. I have some mails to send and some appointments to cancel, where do I begin? I think I'm going to cancel appointments first.

"Hello" I almost laugh at myself because of how hard I'm trying to use my air hostess voice. "This is the office of Mr. Caleb Thorne of Thorne Enterprises"

"Okay, let me hand this to my boss quickly " came the smooth baritone of his secretary, I think . I overhear him informing his boss of who it is.

"How may I help you?" I felt a little jump in my spine and my heart just skipped like eleven beats. The man's gruff voice sends a thrill through me, hinting at secrets so intense they could be deadly.I can't help the slight tremble and shiver that crawled up my spine in fear and fascination.

"I'm very sorry sir, but your appointment has been canceled" I couldn't help the jilt that slipped into my voice

"Do you mean postponed?" I feel like he's being too calm about this.

"No sir, I mean canceled" I added emphasis on the 'canceled'.

"What do you mean by that? My appointment can't be canceled, do you know who I am?" he yelled over the phone and directly into my ear, as I pushed the phone far back like it was on fire.

"Sir, I'm very sorry" I'm trying my absolute best here to keep calm and talk politely.

"Give me an explanation, young lady. Sorry isn't an explanation, or is it?" he yells again. I'm pretty sure my eardrums are damaged right now.

"Sir, it's not in my place to give you explanations. I'm just doing the job I'm being paid to do, any other inquiries you might have, you could call Mr Thorne directly and ask him. Besides I......"

"Shut up, you loud mouthed bitch". Now that is the last straw. I can't take it anymore, I'm giving this ass a piece of my mind.

"You know, you're right. I don't know why I'm saying sorry and trying to calm you down. If you want to get more clearance on why your appointment has been canceled, then do well to call Mr Thorne" the air hostess sweetness in my voice was long gone by now. "But as for now, your appointment  has been canceled, period. You can deal with it".

I hear him saying something about talking to my boss and making sure I get fired before I hang up on the piece of shit. To think I have to go through fifteen more of this is weakening. I just hope the rest are more mentally mature.

Finally, I'm done canceling the appointments, and like I suspected, most of them were still equally annoying, some more annoying than the first. Could you imagine? One of the idiots even said that he can't be rejected or canceled no matter the cause and that he was going to call my boss, and that if I don't get fired he'll sue me. Very funny. It was just one of the guys that took it well. He sounded pretty young and immediately I gave him the information, all he said was "that's fine".

Today has been pretty good. Apart from the cancellation of appointments and sending of mails, I haven't done any work today. Just from time to time answering calls. It's currently 3:45 p.m. and Caleb isn't yet back. I just hope he doesn't come back to work today. 

I put my head on the table to rest a bit. I don't know why I feel so tired, it's not like I've been working all day. As I put my head on the table, I fall asleep.

"Amaris??" Why is Caleb smiling at me in that way?

"Amaris" he says again, his voice slightly louder. I'm staring at him, but I don't answer. I just stay still, soaking in his godly appearance. He's shirtless, and he is hot, with a broad chest and huge biceps. And that six pack is everything and more.

"Amaris", this time it's a firm voice jolting me awake. Shit, all that had been a dream. And right now, the real Caleb is standing in front of me and staring me down like he's about to fire me right now.

"Do I pay you to sleep?'' His voice is low and growly, his eyes lingering on my lips a little too long.

I want to say, you've not paid me yet, but I stop myself before it's too late. "No sir, I'm very sorry sir".

"I heard from people about the war you were raving when I wasn't here," he smiled. I'm confused, what war is he talking about? Wait, he smiled at me. Strange. "The appointments I asked you to cancel, almost all of them called, asking me to fire you" he folded his arms across his chest and leaned to rest on the wall.

"What did they say I did?" I whispered look down. 

"Oh, they told me everything you said. Now what do you have to say for yourself?" he stared me down, a little glint in his eyes.

"Sorry, not sorry " I whisper again to myself.

"What?" Is he pretending or did he really not hear me?

"I said sorry, not sorry." I repeat for clarity sake.

"So you're apologizing for not being apologetic?" He raises an eyebrow.

This is the most effortless and engaging conversation we've had since I began this job. Despite the risk of getting fired, I'm reveling in the stress-free pleasure of having an exchange with him.

"Yes" I reply, unremorseful of what I did, "I mean, they had it coming. They were talking to me like I was some piece of trash. And I'm not about to stand around and listen to an old fool talk me down like that." 
For a moment, I forgot who I was talking to. I've lost this job for sure now, because no one's going to stand around and watch you talk about their friends the way I just did.

"Atta girl" 

"Wait, what?" I'm shocked and confused, probably even disoriented, all at the same time.

"Yeah, like you said, they're just a bunch of old fools. Well, except Austin who's young and is also my friend. And I'm pretty sure he didn't even mind. Am I right?"

"Yeah. He didn't mind it at all" I smile, excited at the forming camaraderie between us.

"Mhmm, I know. I'm glad you didn't just let them walk all over you. You stood up for yourself, you deserve a thumbs up"

"Thank you sir" I grin excitedly.

"Oh no. Don't think I care about you. The only reason I care is that if they're walking all over you because of what happens at my company, then they're indirectly walking all over me. And I won't like that".

How quickly he switched gears left me stunned. Honestly, it's unnerving and kind of freaky. One moment, you're beaming with pride and praise, and the next, your expression turns cold as ice, making it seem like I was hallucinating before. He's just like a chameleon, constantly changing colors.

As I drove home, my mind insistently replayed the vivid dream I had in the office like a stuck record. I couldn't fathom why subconscious was fixated on someone's I despised. It was absurd. I rationalized it away, attributing the dream to sheer exhaustion, and refocused on the road to ensure a safe journey home.

"Hey midget" I greet Mia by the nickname I gave her, because of her childish features and considerably small stature.

"Hey armadillo" she greets me back. She gave me the nickname 'armadillo' because she insists I'm a really soft person but I only act tough because I'm scared of getting hurt. I hate to admit it, but she's right.

"You are beaming girl. Let me guess, today was better than yesterday, wasn't it?" she smiles, folding up the laundry.

"As a matter of fact, yes it was" I smile back and take a seat on the cushion before narrating all the happenings of today.

"Shit, he is really hot. And what's that weird dream you were having about him, oooooh" she bit her lips and let out a little growl as a smile spread across her lips.

"So out of everything I told you, including the part where I told you about those rude ass CEOs, that's all you caught" my mouth hangs open in surprise at how someone could act so dim and be so smart both at the same time.

"No I was getting to that" a guilty expression marked her face, "you know you have to take things one at a time right?" She quickly defends herself. 

"Mhmm" I said sarcastically.

"Quick question though, how much of his chest was exposed in that shirt of his". Scooting closer, she anticipates my reply, unaware of the glare I'm shooting her way.

"Bitch, you thirsty" I get up as we both laugh.

"Anyways, when I'm done showering, you're going to have to come give me a massage. You know I'm working hard and the stress is getting to me, you know. I'm feeling all tensed up", I let out a sigh as I sashay to the bedroom.

"All these for a job you started yesterday." I was surprised at the loud laughter she gave before that sentence.
"So if you're asking for a massage now, what would you ask for in a month's time?" she scoffed and went back to her folding.
###chapter 07: Just a dream?!
Caleb's POV:

    I've never been so frustrated before in my entire life. How the fuck did that stupid finance manager lose our money like that?! Hell I don't need to think about it, because that piece of shit is definitely fired.  And where the hell is that woman?! This was the third time she had been late this month and I've been letting her off the hook. I'm not going to spare her this time. I looked out the window and it was still raining cats and dogs outside. This wasn't a reason to be late, she had a car for fucks sake. 

     Just then I heard the door swing open revealing Amaris standing at the other side drenched in water. She walked into my office, the rainwater from her dress, clinging to her dress accentuating the shape of her body in a mesmerizing way. The wet fabric molded against her skin leaving very little to the imagination. Her hair, soaking wet from the rain, fell in wild messy locks around her pale skin, making her look sexy as hell. I didn't understand why I was so drawn to her all of a sudden and for some reason I couldn't take my eyes off her. 

"What the fuck Amaris?!" I yelled getting up from my desk as I stormed towards her. "Why are you late?!" I growled trying to convince myself that there was a reasonable explanation for what was happening inside of me right now. 

"Are you blind?! Can't you see I'm soaking wet." She pushed her hair to the side revealing her slender neck as she squeezed water out of her hair. My throat bobbed a hard swallow. I looked away pinching between my brows, getting even more frustrated. 

"You have got to be kidding me." 

"Well I'm sorry if I don't meet up to your standards, Sir." She drawled. "....you asked for this." She said, handing me a file that was surprisingly not soaked. It was the same file I had asked for yesterday. 

"Now if you'll excuse me I'll be in my office if you need me." She said turning to leave. 

"The hell you won't," she was already at the door when I slammed it shut with my arm. I don't know what came over me but there was no way I was going to let her leave. 

"What the...." Her voice died when she spun around and found faces inches apart. I could hear her breathing and feel her warm breath against my skin as it sent shivers down my spine. What was happening to me? 

I narrowed my eyes into venomous slits. "You haven't told me why you're late." My gaze flitting back and forth between her hypnotic eyes before settling on the lushness of her slightly parted lips, 

"My car broke down...." She began, snapping my eyes back to hers. "....and I couldn't get a taxi." Her chest heaved up and down as her cheeks reddened, whatever was happening to me was also happening to her. That was a good thing right? 

"So you walked all the way here even though it's still raining," her sweet scent intoxicated me, filling my senses. 

A small smile crept up her face as she whispered. "Careful Mr. Thorne unless I might think you actually care about me," she narrowed her eyes into thin slits. 

"Oh fuck it," I said before crashing my lips on hers, claiming them with a fierce, desperate passion. The tension that had been simmering between us erupted. Heat courses through my veins as my body surged with desire as I sank into the kiss, drowning in the sweetness of her mouth. I cupped her chin pulling her closer as her hands found my hair. I didn't know how long I've been wanting to do this but damn it felt good. 

Her lips molded perfectly against mine as her hands roamed my chest. "I know you want me Mr. Thorne....just say it." She said between the kisses. 

"Fuck you." I fisted her hair as her hands found my belt unfastening them. 

"You should be more specific sir," Her lips trailed down my neck before she dropped to my waist, her hands slipping beneath the waistband of my pants, freeing my throbbing cock. "Do you want me to fuck you or suck you," she looked at me parting her lips slightly and rendering me useless with her stare.

She's not fucking leading this. That's what I do best. "Get to my desk" I growled and she swiftly obeyed. "Now bend over" my heart was racing, my cock throbbing and all I want right now is to shove myself into that slick pussy of hers.

Grrrrrrrrng grrrrrrrrng.  What the hell?! Isn't that my alarm? And what's it doing in my office? Another ring and I jolted awake sitting up stark straight in bed. Damn! That was all a dream?

It's been two months since Amaris began working with me and I haven't gotten her to lose composure, not even once. And the more I see her, the more I find myself despising her. I haven't met a lady so intriguing and annoying too. But why on fucking earth, am I having such a dream, though?

I woke up really late, getting washed over by a wave of emotions, because of the dream I had of me and Amaris. I'm not going to the office, because I can't, hell I don't want to see her. Her soft annoying voice and shit

I've been having these kinds of dreams for a while now and I still can't figure out why. The strange thing is that whenever I think about it, I catch myself smiling, smiling. I never smile, except when I'm with Kian. Man, I've got to tell Kian about this because I don't get what's going on. He's usually the more perceptive one, so I believe he'll have an idea of what's going on. But knowing him, he'll most definitely make fun of me because of it.

I got into my car and started a drive down to fit zone, a gym that I knew he frequented very well and is sure to be at by this time. As I sped past I noticed the people, the trees, the cars but then they all began blurring together in my eyes as I began to think about the dream. But why on earth would I be dreaming of someone I hate so much? 
###chapter 8: Bad feeling
Caleb's POV:

She's sexy, no shit, but I've met and been with a lot of sexy women and never dreamed of them. Hell, just thinking about it made my blood boil. Finally, I made it. Looking around, I notice Kian's black Tesla in the corner. Thank God he's here because if I had come here and left, he'd have been really sorry.

I didn't bother heading to the locker room to change, as I was already dressed in my workout gear. This gym was exclusively for members, which I most definitely was not, but that's the only good thing about influence and fame, it granted me access to places I wouldn't have otherwise been able to enter and trust me to capitalize on that.

I headed straight for the private boxing and MMA studio. If there was anything I and Kian had in common, it was our love for martial arts, basically fighting in general. We loved seeing the pain on people's faces but after getting out of our treacherous past, we decided to unleash all that pain in the gym, even though it's on a dummy.

"Sup bruv" I said, interrupting his boxing session.

He walked over, a little smirk on his face as we shook hands. "You interrupted my boxing session. I hope it's worth it, because if it's not, I'll use you in place of that dummy" a little smile creases his eyes.

Just like me, Kian doesn't smile much, but when he does it's sincere. "You know, I'd like to take you up on that offer, let's see who's stronger" I challenge him. Knowing Kian, he loves a good challenge, so unsurprisingly, he accepted.

"Whoo bro. Like how are you still so strong? You don't work out as much as I do with all your work and traveling and shit, but you still succeed in beating me. Every. Single. Time." Kian said, while wiping himself down with the towel. "You've gotta tell me your secret, man".

Smiling, I run my hand through my hair. "I'm almost always working, but those times when I'm not, I put it to good use".

"The only workout I know you do when you're not working, is bending some girl over," he teased, earning himself a punch on the shoulder. "Anyways, you're here to see me, so. what's up?" he asked more seriously this time.

"Yeah man. I almost forgot" I said and began narrating everything about the dream to him. "Bro, I don't know why I'll be having such dreams. I'm so confused, man" I said after narrating it to him.

He stared at me and was extremely quiet, and knowing him, I knew he was about to say something silly. Just as if proving my thoughts, he immediately burst into laughter, earning a glare that he didn't notice or maybe noticed and just didn't care.

"You see Caleb, this was what I was talking about. What other perspective do you want me to give other than the one already given you by your mind?" He laughed again, looking at me like I was a fool. I even began feeling like one at that moment. 
"Okay let me put it into words so that you can understand. You. Want. To. Fuck. Her" he emphasized each word like I was a fucking kid. 

" I get that you think so man, but I genuinely don't want to fuck her" I try to convince him, or am I trying to convince myself?

"And why is that? Isn't she sexy and beautiful?" He lifted an eyebrow, a habit he's fond of doing when trying to make a fool of somebody.

"I know that man, but I hate her. Like so much bruv" 

"Do you really hate her? Or you're making yourself believe you hate her?"

The question lingered in my head as I got on my way. Am I making myself believe I hate her?

I knew that there was something more to it, but what that thing was, I don't know.  If it was nothing it'd go away, but if it's something, then I'm going to figure out what that thing is. But for now, I'm going to take it up a notch in my strive to make Amaris Carter lose her cool in that office of ours.

Getting into my car, I drive away thinking whether I should still go to the office, or if I should just go straight home. I couldn't decide so I headed home first to at least get a shower, after that I'll figure out whether or not to go to the office.


Amaris POV:

I've been having a very persistent bad feeling in my guts all day like a nagging sense of unease that something is amiss or about to go terribly wrong, so I'm being very cautious and conscious. I always listen to my guts, because my gut is never wrong, well it has never been wrong so far.

Before heading to work, I confided in Mia about the bad feeling I was getting, but she insisted I went to work, that if I got to work safely, then it might be related to my boss's safety, which seems unlikely and even far-fetched. She's crazy, I thought to myself before heading to work.

To my utmost surprise and delight, getting to work, that prick of a man, Caleb wasn't there. Damn, I hope Mia was right. I really wish he got hit by a train, because that's going to be the best thing ever. But I'm not going to get my hopes up, well till at least an hour from now, to see if he comes or not.

-

"For real though, something might be wrong. I've known him for almost a year now and he's a sucker for his job" Kiara gushed, "he rarely ever misses a day of work".

I've grown quite close to Kiara in the space of two months I've been working here. She's as kind and endearing as she is beautiful, with her angelic looks. She comes around the office almost everyday to see Caleb, who's her boyfriend I think, and it always ends in ear-splitting, cringe-causing sex, I think that's what it even starts with. 
"Look, I know he's your boyfriend and all but he's not really a nice person" I said, "so don't blame me if I say he deserves whatever bad thing that has happened to him" I muttered under my breath in hope that she doesn't hear me.

"Okay, first off, I heard you" she said in her smooth rich voice that reminded me of dark chocolate. "I get your point though, but I think there's a reason he's like that".
###chapter 9: What is it?â€
Amaris POV: 

Yeah?? Then what might that reason be?" I fold my arms across my chest, "I mean, you're his girlfriend right? So you definitely know" I said, noticing how her expression fell at the last sentence.

"Okay, there's something I really should tell you." She said, her expression sullen, giving rise to the anticipation in me, "I've never told anyone this before, not even my parents or my closest friends. But I trust you, so I'm going to tell you". Now my anxiety and excitement were in full throttle as I waited for her to speak.

"What is it?" I asked in a low soothing voice in an attempt to mask my impatience.

"Mr Thorne isn'tI'm not". It was obvious that she was at a loss for words, but she finally said it, "I'm not his girlfriend"

"Wait. If you're not his girlfriend then what are you to him?"

"I'm hismistress, I guess?" She said looking down.

"Like you have sex with him and get paid?" I asked, curiosity etched on my face, as she nodded a positive reply.

"Was that your original job? Orrrrrhow did it start?" I wanted to know more.

"I worked as a waitress in one of those elite clubs. You know, the ones that cater for the rich and famous." I nod to show her I was listening. "Well, one day as I was working, I met Caleb. I was stunned to meet him, I mean he's the Thorne, so when he told me to meet him at a hotel, I was more than enthralled to go." She narrated with a faraway look in her eyes, like she was watching it again. "It started becoming a normal thing for me, and he paid me a huge sum anyways. I literally got my monthly salary in just one night with him, so I gladly took the job" a sad look clouded her eyes.

"Well, you could leave if you don't want to continue, right?", I said as a reassurance and also to know if he was hurting her.

"Oh, no. Don't get me wrong though, I can leave. I just don't want to." She said, still looking sad.

I became so confused. She seems sad, but she likes the relationship? Is she mentally alright, or is something wrong? So I asked, "if you don't want to leave, then why do you seem sad about it?"

"Because I'm lying to my mom. She wonders where I'm getting all my money when I don't work at the club anymore, so I tell her that I now work as an accountant here".

"Just tell her that Caleb's your boyfriend and he's the one that gives you all the money." I suggested a better way. Besides, it will just be a half lie. Her head whipped towards me so fast that I felt like her head might fall off.

"Are you crazy?" She chuckled, "I can't tell my mom that. She'll then want to meet him, and you know how Mr Thorne can be. What am I saying 'can be', you know how Mr Thorne is. I can't beg him to go meet my mom, even if the life of every member of the state depends on it".

"Yeah, you're right." I agreed, "but do you intend on doing this for the rest of your life? Let's say he decides to let you go, what will you do then?"

"Oh, he's not letting me go anytime soon," she smiled.

"Uhh. And how exactly do you know that?" I drawled, a little suspicious of her.

"He's in love with me," she said, sounding extremely sure. "What else do you think made him stick with me for so long?"

I could think of a lot of things that made him stick with her, one being that she probably fucked well, but I wasn't about to burst her bubble, so I said, " okay, that sounds about right".

It's already past 3pm. and I've not even gotten a call or mail from Caleb. I'm not going to lie, I'm worried right now, not because I care about him but because if he's gone who'll pay me? Kiara have already left, so I went back to my work. 

I know how many calls I've received today, all asking why Caleb isn't there and where he's at. I don't know bro, am I his shadow? Why do they keep asking me that? Anyways, I finally got an email from Caleb, clarifying why he didn't make it.

Something came up, so I couldn't make it today. I'll be there tomorrow.

That's not really "clarifying", but when it involves Caleb, that's more than enough clarifying. Now that I know he's fine, why do I still have that unsettling feeling in my gut? Maybe I'm just overthinking it this time. Anyways, it's almost six, so I can go home and know that everything's fine. 

I did the rest of my job, and in no time it was already six o'clock. I hurriedly packed up my stuff, the desire to go home to bed overwhelming me. As I got to my car, I tried my best but still couldn't shake the feeling of something going wrong. The closer I got towards the apartment, the worse I felt, so immediately I arrived at the building, I parked my car and jumped down in a hurry to get inside.

The door was already open so I just went in. "Mia?" I called. "Mia!" I wasn't hearing her or getting any answers, so I decided to go check the bathroom.

"Mia?" I opened the bathroom door peeking inside. She's got fighting skills so she's okay, right? Picking up my phone, I called her. 
Isn't that her phone ringing over there? Where the hell did she go without her phone? It's not even like she's charging it, she just dropped it on the bed. Where could she have gone? I start pacing, something I do when I'm confused and in deep thoughts. I looked down and my eyes almost fell out of their sockets. Is that blood?

Why is there blood on the floor? Was she kidnapped? Did anyone see her? Gracie probably did see her, she's almost always outside her door looking for whom she'll use to gossip, I'm going to ask her.

Running out, I find Gracie rushing towards me, looking like she has something to tell me.

"Gracie, please did you see Mia?" I asked her, fighting back the tears that were about to fall from my eyes.

"Yes, that's what I was coming here to tell you" she started, in her Yorkshire accent. "I heard some noises coming from you guy's apartment, like fight sounds. And then before I knew what was happening, Mia came out sweating, followed by two huge guys at both sides. I wanted to call the cops, but.."

"But what?" I yelled,cutting her off, the tears pouring down now in streams.

"Well, I didn't want to call and then it turned out to be a false alarm. I wasn't sure what was going on" she said looking guilty and sad.

"I'm sorry for the way I talked to you Gracie" I apologized.

"It's okay" she smiled at me.

"Did you see anything else?" I asked trying to pick up on any lead I could. Mia's the one that's good at this detective work, I don't know what to do when it comes to things like this.

"Yeah. They had a black tinted van. And one of the guys had a scar running diagonally from his right brow to the top of his lip" she said.

"Thanks" I said, running back into the room. What do I do now? I pace round the room, running my hand through my hair and crying.

If I call the cops, they'll take a long time in searching for her. But I'm trying to get her back as soon as possible. Who do I know that can help me with such? I crumple on the ground as I think, bathing my face in my tears and snot.

The only option I have now is Caleb, but will he help me? I guess I have to try my luck. 

I stare at the caller id for over five minutes, before I get the audacity to call him. Please pick up.
###chapter 10: A Desperate Situation
Amaris POV:

After three rings, he finally picked up the call. I thought I wanted him to take the call, but after he took the call I'm not sure that's what I wanted. You have no choice, Amaris. Mia's in danger.

I'm very sure I've been quiet for over three minutes. I just don't know what to say to him, I don't want to say anything that will infuriate him or cause him to hang up. But can anything I say right now possibly make things any worse?  I mean, my friend is in danger and I'm calling to ask for hi

"Are you going to say something? Or am I wasting my very treasured time?!" His harsh tone snapped me back to reality, interrupting my thoughts.

"Good evening, sir" my voice was so low, it could be mistaken for a whisper. "Sir, I need your help. I think my friend's been kidnapped". I began crying at this point.

"I think you dialed the wrong number" he said gruffly, "let me call the right number for you okay? Now dial 911. Goodbye." 

"No sir, please don't hang up" I cried out. "Sir, please. Before the police get to her, she might have been raped or beaten. Or even worse, she might be dead" I couldn't think about losing my best friend, but the realization hit me at that moment, and I knew I was ready to do anything to get her back.

"And you think I can find her? He asked, his voice dripping with amusement bordering on mockery. "If you think I can find her, then you must be crazy" he ridiculed, his voice heavy with disdain.

Caleb's POV:

How the hell did I encounter myself in this situation? I didn't want to get involved at first, but now here I am. Hell, she's going to pay me back for this. I have other more pressing matters to attend to other than finding some girl that I don't even know, but somehow, this has taken priority. I can still choose not to help, but I've already given her my word and I don't go back on my word. How Is she even sure that she was kidnapped? She might have just gone out without her phone. I need to call her back, to know what I'm walking into.

"I need information on this girl. What's her name?" I asked, taking notes.

"Mia, sir. Mia Stone. She has strawberry blonde hair and blue eyes" I sighed in annoyance at what I was about to do. I'll rather be eating rocks right now than be in this position.

"How are you sure she's been kidnapped?" I ask, my blood boiling more with each passing second.

"She left her phone behind, which is something she never does." 

"Is that a good enough reason?" It takes everything in me not to yell at her.

"No sir, there's also blood on the floor, and there's a witness" she said and began to describe what the person said they saw.

The only reason I decided to help is because I can't stand to see people, especially ladies, treated unjustly. If she was really kidnapped, there's a huge possibility that she'll get raped, and there's nothing that disgusts me more than that. That's one of the reasons I make sure everyone I get in with sexually know my rules, because I don't want it to seem like they're being raped.

"Yo, Jason. It's time for you to hold up your end of the bargain" I said into the phone.

Jason, a notorious drug lord with a $50,000 bounty on his head, was double-crossed by his own associates for the reward money. I was the one who helped him evade capture and made the problem disappear. He offered to pay me the $50,000, but I declined, telling him that he'd repay me in another way, at another time. That time has now come. While I have my own team at my disposal, I'm reluctant to involve them in a situation that doesn't concern them directly. I guess this is how I'm going to collect on Jason's debt.


Somewhere in a secluded wooded area

A tall, muscular guy with a huge scar lining his face, dressed in an all-black outfit loomed over Mia who was bound to a chair. He poured a bucket of icy water over her, shocking her awake. "Wake up" he bellowed, his voice gruff and menacing.

As she suddenly regained consciousness, she was met with a piercing brightness that sent her eyes scrambling to adjust. The intense light overhead illuminated her surroundings, revealing an unfamiliar space that heightened her sense of disorientation and fear. Every detail of her surroundings seemed to be amplified, from the damp, musty smell that filled her nostrils to the eerie silence that surrounded her. She strained her eyes to focus, desperate to understand where she was and how she got there.

"Hello princess" he sneered, looming over her. His face inches from her, his condescending gaze piercing down at her.

"Who are you, where am I and what do you want from me?" she scowled, bringing her face closer to his, without any hint of fear.

Tutting, he turned towards his men, "what bravado" he said as they all laughed mockingly. Turning back to her, he said, "oh princess, well, as a warm welcome, I'll answer your questions to the best of my ability. Who am I? Your worst nightmare. Where are you? The last place you want to be. And for your final question, what do I want from you?" He beamed a jeering smile at her.

"Well princess, the only thing we want is precious daddy's attention. You know, so we can get his money" he drawled.

"What money?" She snarled, leaning slightly forward, her eyes squinting and her eyebrows creasing in anger.

"Don't try that shit with me" he growled. "You think we're all those bunches of fools out there you've been deceiving to think you grew up 'comfortably'? We know who your father is, and you're going to bring him to us"

"Fuck you" she yelled and spat on his face. But her momentary satisfaction was short-lived as he retaliated with a stinging slap that struck her with such force it knocked out a tooth.

In the Thorne Residence

"Sir, we've found the girl," Viktor, one of the men assigned by Jason to Caleb, said.

"And where are they?" Caleb asked, cleaning his gun.

"They're in a cabin in the woods, beside Constantine's Creamery"

"Let's get going," Caleb hollered at the other guys who were busy with their weapons.

With eagerness, they all pile into the van, their excitement hinting at a disturbing love for violence and harm.
###chapter 11: A Rescue Mission
Caleb's POV:

In Mia/Amaris' apartment

"It's okay, she'll be fine" Gracie whispered in consolation to Amaris who had been crying for hours.

"How are you sure? What if something happens before they get to her?" She asked in a snotty voice.

"Let's not look at the negatives, okay? Let's just pray and hope that she'll be fine, alright?" Gracie was succeeding in trying to console Amaris, and Amaris was really grateful for it.

Back in where Mia is being held captive.

Mia looked up at the sound of the door opening, to see a lean guy, with thick black hair framing his face and slightly hiding his copper colored eyes. In normal circumstances, he's the kind of guy Mia would have found attractive, but right now, she saw him equally as disgusting as the scarred guy.

"Hello there," the guy said, licking his lips. Mia, realizing he was horny, decided to bank on it.

"Come here", she whispered with a sultry smile, trying to be seductive. As he came closer, she leaned in and planted a soft kiss on his lips. She felt like throwing up all over him, but she was not about to blow her plan by doing something so stupid.

"Untie me so we can get down to business" she said in a seductive purr, with the intent of beating him up and escaping.

"Yes ma'am" he replied, entranced by her grace and charm. As he began untying her, the door barged open revealing the scarred guy that seemed to be their leader.

"Hello scarface", she sneered getting up, already fully untied, totally oblivious of the guy behind her shaking like a leaf.

"Marlos, were you asked to untie her?" Scarface asked dangerously calm.

"No sir," Marlos replied, still shaking.

"Go meet Ryan for your punishment" he said again calmly.

"No sir, not the punishment, please sir"

"Go now. He's just going to chop off your index finger, but in the next minute it'll be your index and middle finger" he glared at Marlos. Crying like a child, Marlos ran out of the room, to go get his punishment.

"And what do we do with you?" He said stalking closer to where Mia was standing. "Daddy sweet doesn't want to come claim what's his, so what do we do to speed him up?" Mia let out a manic laughter, looking at him like he was some crazy person.

"If you think my father is going to come here or send anyone to, then you must be crazy" she said standing her ground. Scanning the room discreetly, she notices the screwdriver on the steel table. 

If I can get to that table, I can stab him with that screw driver, she thought to herself, but as she took her first step back, he growled at her, "what'd you think you want to do".

Dragging her to the table, he bent her over, yanked her skirt up and ripped off her underwear. She tried to fight back but he was too strong for her, and she was already too weak from all the beating she had gotten before they left her apartment and the ones she had also gotten in this wooden cabin.

"Now, let's see what daddy has to say about us enjoying his beautiful princess," he mocked. "Don't forget to smile at the camera," he pointed to a spot near the ceiling. She didn't realize there was a camera until that moment.

"Please don't do this" she cried, feeling scared all of a sudden.

"Oh, so now you know how to beg? Well, sorry, but I'm not interested" he said, pulling his pants down.

"Please" she whispered again.

"Shut up" he yelled at her, spanking her ass and shoving himself into her. "Ooooh, so tight" he taunted her, as she cried in pain and disgust.

"What the hell is going on?" He abruptly pulled out of her, just mere minutes after their encounter had begun. He listened very carefully at what sounded like gunshots.

"Hello there" a tall handsome guy stood in the doorway, staring down scarface who had his pants down and his dick hanging out.

"Who the hell are you?" scarface asked, his face red with embarrassment and anger.

"Caleb Thorne" Mia whispered in awe, totally forgetting that her naked ass was hanging in the air.

"Who the hell is Caleb Tho" scarface was saying. Realizing who was standing in front of him, his mouth fell open.

As we entered the cabin, we were met with a staggering sight: 32 heavily armed men standing guard. It seemed absurd that such a large force would be dedicated to protecting Maya - or Mira, or whatever her name was. I couldn't fathom why she would warrant such extensive security. Was she an important person? Nah. She can't be, because the apartment I had seen earlier hardly suggested she was a person of significance. And this...structure, it was hardly a cabin. It was a grand, sprawling mansion made of wood, far more opulent than I had expected.

Leaving my team to handle the men outside, I head in search of the girl. Where the hell do I go first? This place is fucking huge. Looking around, I notice a guy running out the back door, his hand bandaged. I think he cut himself, or.lost his fingers? Going after him, I grab him by the scruff of his neck.

"Please let me go. I promise, I'll do whatever you want" he cried, shaking like a leaf. I've met 13 year olds with more balls than this pussy ass.

"Where's the girl?" I asked him, spite clearly staining my tone.

"If you go up the stairs, the third room to the right" he said, "now I've told you, you have to promise that you and your guys won't hurt me" he had balls now that it came to striking a deal.

"Thank you" I smiled, glad that he made my job easier, "but I can't promise you that" I said disgusted at how easily he snitched on his own people.

As I headed towards the stairs, he made a run for it. He didn't get very far though.  He couldn't anyways, at least not with the bullet Viktor put in his leg.

Getting to the door, I was surprised.
Their leader's recklessness was staggering. He was committing an act as heinous as rape with the door wide open, exposing his criminality to anyone who might walk in. It was clear that whoever had hired them had made a grave mistake, wasting their resources on incompetence. I mentally noted to investigate the motives behind her kidnapping once we had resolved the immediate situation.

"Hello there" I greeted with a mocking smile on my face, disgust filling me as I caught sight of his cock hanging out.
###chapter 12: Seen at Rescue Mission
Caleb's POV:

"Who the hell are you?" He growled. It was really funny to see the scar-faced guy acting so tough with his dick exposed in that way. His face became red all of a sudden. Was it embarrassment? Or exhaustion? Or fear? Or .. maybe anger?

"Caleb Thorne," I heard a soft whisper. That's when I noticed the girl behind him, and my eyes widened in shock. She was bent over, her bare backside exposed, and her skirt was still hiked up. It looked like a horrific scene had just unfolded. I thought to myself, "Is this a party for naked people?" I get that she was just being raped a few moments ago but in the brief moments the scar-faced man was speaking to me, she would have straightened up and pulled down her skirt.

"Who the hell is Caleb Th-..." His voice trailed off, his mouth agape, as his eyes widened in stunned recognition of my identity. The sudden realization seemed to leave him speechless, his gaze frozen on me in a mix of shock and terror.

This day just kept getting funnier and funnier. Starting with the weird dream I had this morning, and now this. I almost laughed at this day.

"Sir, do you need any help?" Viktor walked in, his face contorting in disgust at the sight of the naked man standing in front of us. At least I know I'm not the only one that thinks this is weird and disgusting.

"No, I'm fine," I said, " just get the girl out of here."

Viktor went towards her to give her support just in case she was too weak to walk on her own.

"What?!" she exclaimed, her voice rising in defiance. "I'm not going anywhere!" Her outburst left both Viktor and me stunned, but what followed was even more astonishing. "I want to see you take him down," she said, her eyes gleaming with a fierce intensity.

"Forgive me, miss, but I must insist," Viktor said, his tone apologetic, before sweeping her up and slinging her over his shoulder. I couldn't help but feel a sense of admiration for his chivalrous nature, and indeed, his overall character. In the short time we'd worked together, he had proven himself to be a formidable ally. I made a mental note to speak with Jason about borrowing Viktor's expertise for future missions like this one.

"So, how do you plan to proceed?" I asked the scar-faced man, once Viktor had escorted the girl out of the room. "Do you want to engage in hand-to-hand combat or use a weapon?" I asked with a smile, relieved that he had finally put his dick back in his pants.

Just as I was about to glance up, he charged towards me with a screwdriver, poised to strike. "Not a good move, friend," I said, swiftly grabbing his hand and restraining it. I swiftly wrestled the screwdriver from his grasp and flung it far out of reach. "How about a fair fight, without weapons? What do you say?" I asked, my tone dripping with sarcasm and a hint of challenge.

"You want a fair fight, do you?" he sneered, throwing a wild punch my way. I effortlessly sidestepped it and countered with a quick jab to his face, causing his nose to burst open and blood to gush out. The sight of his bloody nose filled me with a sense of gratification. Enraged, he charged at me again, his eyes blazing with fury. He swung another punch, which I blocked this time, and I retaliated with a powerful kick aimed at his face. He managed to dodge it, but I could see the fear creeping into his eyes.

He had attempted to strike me with the same move four times already, consistently leading with his right hand, making it clear that it was his dominant hand. Anticipating his next move, I prepared myself for the fifth attack. As he lunged at me again, I swiftly grasped his arm and twisted it with a quick, precise motion, applying enough pressure to snap the bone and leave his right hand broken and useless.

He was left lying on the ground, his body crumpled and contorted in agony, his face a grotesque mask of blood and bruises. I stooped down and delivered a few more blows, just for the pleasure and satisfaction it brought." I would have killed you," I said, standing up and adjusting my clothes, "but I have more pressing matters to attend to."

With one final kick, I opened the door and strode out of the room, my eyes widening in awe at the sight before me. The floor was littered with the motionless bodies of our adversaries, a testament to my team's skill and restraint. Following my explicit instructions, they had subdued every last one of them without taking a single life, leaving a trail of incapacitated foes in their wake.

"Good job y'all!" I exclaimed, climbing into the van. As I glanced around, I noticed that the girl had succumbed to exhaustion and fallen asleep. It seems we'll need to get her back to her apartment before I can finally ask her the question that's been on my mind all this time.

As the van came to a stop in front of the apartment building, Viktor gently roused the girl from her slumber, announcing our arrival. Given the late hour - well past 10pm - I instructed the rest of the team to remain in the van, while Viktor and I accompanied her to her apartment. Upon reaching the door, we pushed it open, and Amaris's eyes widened in joy at the sight of her best friend. She rushed forward, embracing her tearfully, as relief and happiness washed over her face.

"Are you okay?" She asked, scanning her best friend over, her voice hoarse, probably from all the crying.

"Yeah I'm fine" she said and hugged her back.

"Why did they kidnap you?" I already wanted to go home.

"My father is a powerful crime lord, one of the most prominent in the world. I desired a life free from the criminal underworld, and he agreed and sent me to school, and also got me this advertising job after I graduated, so that I could have a fresh start. To protect me, my father kept my true identity hidden, ensuring no one knew I was his daughter. I'm still unsure how they discovered my connection to him. Apparently, all they wanted was a ransom, anyway," she said with a nonchalant shrug, as if the threat to her life was merely an inconvenience.

"Listen, I've got some advice for you both: get out of this apartment as soon as possible. We didn't take down the ones who sent those thugs, and it's only a matter of time before they realize you're gone and come back with a vengeance. Next time, it won't be a cakewalk, and trust that I won't come to your aid then. You'd do well to take my warning seriously," I said, my tone firm and urgent, as they nodded in understanding.

"And as for you, Amaris," I said, my gaze fixed intently on hers, "you're indebted to me now." With that, I turned and exited the apartment, Viktor falling in step behind me as we left the two women to ponder their next move.

Exhaustion washed over me, the adrenaline-fueled encounter leaving me drained. All I craved now was the solace of my own space, a soft bed, and a rejuvenating nap to shake off the lingering fatigue.
###chapter 13: When Fear Comes Knocking 
Amaris POV:

I still find it very difficult to believe that Caleb Thorne did something selfless, as he always seems to have an ulterior motive. I shouldn't call it selfless anyways, because he said I owed him. Yup, can't say I didn't expect it. That man can't do something for someone without expecting something in return. At least Mia is safe and sound, and that's all that matters. When I asked her about the ordeal, she brushed me off, saying she needed some rest. We called her boss and he insisted Mia take some time off, that he heard about her kidnap, a kind and understanding man, and he's given her all the time she needs to recover from the trauma. She'll be taking some time off work to recharge.

I'm determined to stay by Mia's side tomorrow, my concern for her safety overwhelming me. The thought of something happening to her again is unbearable, and I want to be there to offer what little support I can, even if it's just my presence. Admittedly, I'm not equipped with any fighting skills, but I'm willing to improvise and do whatever it takes to help her.

It's still hard to believe that those men were able to overpower her, given her impressive martial arts background. Mia's been practicing jiu jitsu since she was 8 years old and has mastered taekwondo, karate, and Kung Fu as well. She's a force to be reckoned with, and I know she wouldn't have gone down without a fight.

This experience has been a wake-up call for me, and I've realized that I need to take my own self-defense seriously. Mia's been urging me to take up martial arts classes for ages, and now I'm finally going to take the plunge. I'll have to research online to determine which style suits me best - perhaps something like Krav Maga or Brazilian jiu-jitsu. Whatever it is, I'm ready to learn and become a stronger, more capable version of myself, for Mia's sake and my own.

I hate to admit that Caleb was right, but he was - we need to find a new place to stay. This apartment, chosen by Mia for its anonymity, no longer provides the safety and security we need. I'm still puzzled about how they managed to locate her, given her father's efforts to erase her identity and keep her hidden after she decided to leave the criminal underworld and live a clean and decent life. It's chilling to think that they might have been tracking her family all along.

But for now, I'll put that thought aside and focus on my plan to convince Caleb to let me stay home. I'll use his own words to persuade him, but I'll wait until tomorrow, considering he must be exhausted from the ordeal of rescuing Mia.

As I drift off to sleep, I whisper a promise to myself: "I won't let anything happen to you, Mia. I'll do whatever it takes to keep you safe." The weight of that responsibility settles in, but I'm determined to honor that promise, no matter what it takes.

"Girl I am obsessed with your hair! It gets so big and frizzy when it's wet. It's like a whole different entity!" Mia gushed.

I laughed and rolled my eyes at her fan-girling, "Yeah, and it's a real pain to deal with. If I don't figure out how to tame the frizz, I'll be walking around looking like I stuck my finger in a socket.

 "Your hair is like a wild child, unlike mine which always looks like a limp, lifeless rag. I mean, don't get me wrong, it's pretty and all, but it's just so... straight." Mia chuckled and teased as I smiled and continued brushing my hair. "You think you'd trade your hair for mine, Ammie?"

"No way, Jose! I may not love the frizz, but I wouldn't give up my curly locks for anything. I love my hair, frizz and all. It's a part of who I am, and I wouldn't change it for the world." 

Mia grinned, "I guess that's what makes your hair so special, it's got character. Mine's just... meh." 

"Well, someone's got to represent the curly-haired squad, and it might as well be me!" I playfully tossed my hair.

This morning, everything feels back to normal, like yesterday's events never occurred. The atmosphere is cheerful, birds are singing their hearts out, the sky is a brilliant blue, and the usual hustle and bustle of the city is in full swing. It's almost as if the world has moved on, leaving yesterday's worries behind. But I know I can't avoid the topic forever. Eventually, I'll need to muster up the courage to ask Mia about what happened, even if it means disrupting this peaceful morning vibe."

"Uhh, aren't you going to work today?" Mia drawled.

I paused a bit before realization dawned on me. "Shit. Shit shit shit. I'm so dead". I hurriedly grabbed my phone off the bed. I can't believe I forgot to call Caleb and get his permission to stay off work. Well, not exactly stay off work, just stay with my best friend.

"Good morning sir" I said putting the phone to my ear, a little shiver creeping into my tone at the last minute.

"What is it this time" he drawled sounding bored and tired. I could even feel him roll his eyesthat's if he does such a thing.

"I wanted to ask you if I could stay off today. You know, to go look for a new apartment" I asked with all the sweetness I could muster.

"Sure, whatever. Whenever you return, you'll just have double work anyways" he sounded so done talking to me. I wasn't surprised though, I hated him as much as he hated me.

Wait a minutedid he actually let me stay off work? I'm shocked. Are you sure he hasn't been kidnapped by aliens and been replaced with a clone that only had his bad attitude and not his evil soul? If that's the case, kudos aliens for a job well done.

"Mia, I have to ask, what really went down yesterday?" I finally mustered the courage to inquire, knowing I wouldn't be able to bring it up later. Until now, she's been putting on a brave face for me and everyone else, but in this moment, I saw the vulnerable Mia who was traumatized by her ordeal. She began shaking and looked terrified, like she was expecting them to come get her again. 
###chapter 14: Kidnap
Mia POV

Mia took a deep breath and began her story, her voice trembling. "I came home early yesterday because I wasn't feeling well. I had a bad bellyache and just wanted to rest. When I saw a black van parked outside, I sensed something was off. But nothing could have prepared me for what happened next. I tried to brush it off as paranoia, thinking maybe it was just a delivery or something. But my intuition was screaming at me to be cautious.

I had just finished putting away the groceries when I heard a knock at the door. Thinking it was you, I opened it without hesitation, wondering why you were back so early. That's when I saw the masked men. They were dressed in black and had this menacing aura about them. I tried to slam the door shut, but they were too quick. They overpowered me, and I tried to fight back, but they were too strong. I was terrified, thinking about all the worst-case scenarios.

As they dragged me out of the house, I saw Gracie, our neighbor, walking her dog. I tried to signal her for help, but she didn't seem to notice anything out of the ordinary. I was helpless, unable to escape or call for help. They threw me into the van and drove me to some unknown location. I must have passed out from the shock and fear because the next thing I knew, I was being splashed with ice water to wake me up..."

She paused, collecting her thoughts, and I stopped her to wipe away her tears. I listened in awe, marveling at her strength and resilience. "Mia, you're a total badass," I thought to myself. "If I had gone through what you did, I'd need months of therapy." But not Mia - she's a rock, a true survivor. She's been through hell and back, and yet she's still standing, still fighting.

"We still need an apartment though" she knocked me out of my thoughts, her voice cheery.

"Why are you so excited?" I was curious as to whether yesterday's incidence messed with her mental health.

"Who isn't going to be excited to be moving to a better and much more beautiful place?" She asked with a grin. She was right about that, but my mind was reeling about something else. 

I wasn't a detective or anything like that, but I don't think it was just coincidence that the day she was having a bellyache and was home early - also known as the time when most people are still at work - was the same time as she was kidnapped. How did they know that she'd be back at that time? There's no way they'd have attempted that if the apartment was full of people, but what caused the bellyache though? Could it have been something she ate? Thinking about it, she didn't eat before leaving for work, because she could go hours, even days, without eating and she won't feel affected. I can't count how many times I teased her about that by calling her a robot.

Here's a longer version:

I'm no detective, but I can't shake the feeling that Mia's kidnapping was more than just a coincidence. The fact that she was home early due to a sudden bellyache - also known as a time when most people are still at work - and that was the time she got kidnapped seemed suspicious. It's unlikely that the kidnappers would have attempted this if the apartment was full of people. But what triggered the bellyache in the first place? Was it something she ate? Now that I think about it, Mia didn't have anything that morning before Head out, just like most mornings. Mia's always been someone who can go without food for hours, even days, without showing any signs of weakness. I've often teased her about it, joking that she's a robot. But now, I'm wondering if something more sinister was at play.

I thought back to our conversations earlier that day. Had she mentioned anything unusual about her food or drinks? Did she eat something that didn't agree with her? I racked my brain, trying to recall every detail. But there was nothing.

The more I thought about it, the more I became convinced that someone must have deliberately poisoned her or slipped something into her food to ensure she'd be home alone at that specific time. The thought sent chills down my spine. I needed to talk to Mia more, see if she remembered anything unusual about her food or drinks that day. This was no ordinary kidnapping, and I was determined to get to the bottom of it.

"Mia, I know we're on about house hunting right now and you probably don't want to go back to the other conversation" I drawled. "But I have a quick question, what caused your belly to start hurting, I mean, I know you do not have a weak stomach, so??"

"Now that I think about it, I really don't know what caused it." She scrunched her brows in thought.

"Was food..or anything edible given you by anyone?" I asked, really curious to know.

She widened her eyes in shock and terror, "Oh shoot, pack anything you can we need to get out of here, stat".

"What is it?" I breathed out as I ran to the closest to get my clothes and office files.

"I knew that chai latte tasted weird" she began crying. Sight of her crying in fear almost caused me to shit my pants, because if she was scared then what should I be?

"Who gave you the chai latte?" I asked, my eyes wide with urgency.

"Mr Jones" she yelled. My mouth fell open, I was pretty sure my jaw was touching the floor right now.

"Your boss?!" I whispered. It was more a statement than a question and Mia knew that so she didn't bother answering.

Now that I think about it, no one told him that Mia was kidnapped but he already knew. Gosh, how stupid I was.and still am.
###chapter 15: Surrounded 
Amaris POV:

Mia was prepared to abandon all our possessions, everything we had worked so hard to accumulate, and flee immediately, leaving everything behind without a second thought. The urgency in her eyes told me that she was ready to leave it all behind and never look back. I didn't blame her though, if it was me I think I'd probably do the same, but we can't just leave all of our shit behind, can we?

"Mia, slow down and breathe! I understand you're shaken, but we need to think this through. I'm sure we have some time before they come back. I mean, you just got kidnapped yesterday, so I think we're safe for at least a week or so. We need to be strategic about this. We can't just leave everything behind, can we? We need to find a safe place to go, somewhere they won't think to look for us. Come on, let's think this through together." I said, trying to reassure her while focusing on gathering my belongings, also trying to hide the fear that was slowly sucking me in.

"I know the way he operates, having grown up in this world. As soon as he discovered I was missing, he would have already hired new recruits to get me back. He won't waste any time, trust me. And they'll be here at noon at the latest, maybe even earlier if he's as desperate as I think he is. So we need to move fast, pack what we can, and get out of here before they arrive."

Mia's panicked tone left me reeling, a rarity in our longstanding friendship that had weathered countless storms. Despite countless experiences together, including confrontations with intoxicated club-goers and even a harrowing accidental gunshot wound - it only grazed her shoulder, but still - Mia had always maintained a brave facade. I recalled the hospital visit, where she joked and laughed, refusing anesthesia before getting stitched up, leaving the nurses in shock at her resilience. Our appearances often led people to misjudge us, assuming I was the strong one, with my assertive demeanor and sharp tongue, and Mia the vulnerable one, with her petite frame and gentle features. But the truth was far from it - she was the tough and fearless one, with a heart of gold, and I was the emotional and sensitive one, often struggling to keep up with her unwavering courage.

As I approached the window to retrieve some items from the table, my attention was drawn to some unusual activity outside. At first, I thought it was just a minor commotion, but as I gazed out into the distance, my curiosity turned to disbelief. From our sixth-floor vantage point, I had to squint to get a better look, my eyes straining to make sense of the scene unfolding below. My eyes widened in shock, and I managed to stifle a scream just in time, my hand flying to my mouth to suppress the instinctive cry of alarm. Mia noticed my stunned expression and hurried to join me at the window, her face pale as she took in the sight of three black vans, their tinted windows reflecting the sunlight like dark mirrors, and over thirty armed men, their weapons and tactical gear a stark reminder of their sinister intentions. 

I whispered to Mia, my voice shaking with fear, "We gotta get outta here, pronto!" My mind was racing, my legs felt like jelly, and I was struggling to keep it together.

Mia whispered back, her voice barely audible, "Unless we can get a helicopter to swoop in and lift us out of here, I don't see how we're getting out of this. It's like, what are we supposed to do, just magically levitate out of here?" Her whisper was laced with frustration and fear.

"What about your dad? Isn't he going to do anything to help? He can't just sit back and watch you die. Waitcan he?" I whispered urgently.

"Mia's eyes flashed with a mix of fear and exasperation as she shook her head, "No, I don't know, okay? We just need to find a way to save ourselves." She began pacing the room with restless energy, her hand raking through her hair in a repetitive motion, like a nervous habit, her feet carrying her back and forth across the floor.

My frustration and fear boiled over, "What do you mean you don't know?! Your dad is always bragging about his power and influence, how can he not be able to help us now?!"

She spoke with a mix of anger and despair, "My dad didn't lift a finger yesterday when they sent him a video of me being held captive, and when I reached out to him last night, he had the audacity to say 'he knew I'd be fine'. It's like, I could be murdered right under his nose and he wouldn't bat an eye." She shook her head, her eyes welling up with tears, the sadness and betrayal evident in her voice.

I sighed, "I'm so sorry, I didn't know that. I shouldn't have pushed". I knew I was not at fault but I felt a little guilty.

Her eyes sparkled with a sudden inspiration, "I've got it!" she exclaimed, her face lighting up like a light bulb had gone off in her mind. "Why don't you call Caleb?" She suggested, her smile tinged with a hint of mischief and hope.

I gave her a look, "Really, that's the best you've got? Calling Caleb?" I shook my head, my eyes rolling in disbelief, "Not exactly the most genius idea, if you ask me."

"Why is that?"

I threw up my hands, "What's the point? I could be murdered right in front of him and he'd just stand there, unmoved. Yeah, he despises me that much, it's clear."

Mia said with a lazy smile, "Come on, he's not going to let someone as useful as you slip away. And I'm pretty sure his feelings for you aren't as black and white as hate."

"He doesn't care that I'm his worker, and he'll replace me in the twinkle of an eye".

She shot me a look of exasperation, her arms crossing over her chest in a defiant gesture, "You're so dense! If he truly despise you, wouldn't he have fired you already? But no, he's kept you around, which means there's more to it than you're willing to admit." Her expression was a picture of smug superiority, as if she'd cornered me with her logic.

My mind was suddenly racing with the implications of Mia's words, but my thoughts were abruptly derailed by a more pressing concern. Wait a minute... Why haven't those guys come for us yet? I turned my attention to the window, and my eyes widened as I saw them still lingering outside, seemingly in no hurry to come get us. A shiver ran down my spine as I wondered, what are they waiting for?

Taking my silence as agreement, Mia sighed. "Mhmm. That's what I thought" totally oblivious of what was going on in my head.

I turned to Mia, my voice laced with a growing sense of unease, "Mia, why haven't they come for us yet?" Her eyes snapped back into focus, and her expression transformed from smug to stunned, as if she had been so caught up in our conversation that she had forgotten about our precarious situation. The silence that followed was palpable, and I could almost see the wheels turning in her mind as she struggled to come up with an answer.
###chapter 16:  Abandoned
Amaris POV:

Mia's eyes darted from the window to me, her gaze filled with a newfound alarm, "What if they want to destroy the entire building?" Her words hung in the air like a dark cloud, and I could feel my heart racing at the sinister implications. The silence that followed was oppressive, as if the very walls were closing in on us.

I exclaimed, my voice laced with desperation, "Okay, I'm calling Caleb. I'll bear the insult or whatever he plans to unleash on me and beg if it means getting out of here alive." The thought of being trapped in a potentially doomed building was too much to bear. I didn't know if they actually intended to bomb the place, but I sure as hell wasn't willing to stick around to find out. I quickly grabbed my phone and dialed Caleb's number, my fingers trembling with anxiety.

I pleaded into the phone, my words tumbling out in a frantic rush, "Sir, please help us! They've got us surrounded, and we're trapped. They're going to kill us, I'm sure of it!" I paused, expecting some kind of response, but the silence on the other end of the line was deafening. I pulled the phone away from my ear to check if the call was still connected, and saw that it was. I looked at Mia, my eyes wide with fear and uncertainty, as I waited for what felt like an eternity for Caleb to respond.

I said again, my voice laced with urgency and a hint of desperation, "Hello? Caleb, are you there? Can you hear me?" The silence on the other end of the line was suffocating, and I could feel my anxiety spiking with each passing moment. I gripped the phone tightly, my knuckles white with tension, as I waited for some sign that he was still on the line and willing to help us.

"Yeah?" The single word was spoken in a low, rumbling tone that sent a shiver down my spine. The deep vibrations of his voice seemed to resonate through my entire body, making my heart race and my skin prickle with goosebumps. I felt a sudden surge of hope, knowing that Caleb was on the other end of the line, and I struggled to find my voice to continue the conversation.

"I was saying" I began, my voice faltering as I tried to compose myself. But before I could continue, Caleb's deep voice cut in, his tone firm and commanding. 

"I heard what you said. I don't care, I told you yesterday that I won't help next time. You could both die for all I care" The line went dead, and I stood there, frozen in shock, as the harsh reality of Caleb's words sunk in. He had hung up on me, leaving me feeling abandoned and desperate. The coldness in his voice, the finality of his words, it was as if he had slammed a door shut in my face, leaving me to face the danger alone. I felt a wave of panic wash over me, as I realized that I had been counting on his help, and now it was clear that I was on my own.

"He hung up" I uttered the words, my voice barely above a whisper, as I gazed at Mia's horrified expression. Her eyes had widened in shock, her jaw hanging slack in disbelief. And in that moment, it hit me like a ton of bricks - we were truly on our own. No rescue, no escape. The weight of our situation crashed down on me like a crushing weight, and I felt my heart sink into my stomach. We were trapped, with no way out, and our only hope had just hung up on us.

Caleb's POV:

"I heard what you said. I don't care, I told you yesterday that I won't help next time. You could both die for all I care" I said before abruptly hanging up the phone unwilling to listen to further pleas or excuses.

I'm still kicking myself for helping her out yesterday. I mean, don't get me wrong, it felt amazing to finally let out some of that pent-up anger and frustration by throwing a few punches. But the fact that I was fighting someone else's battle, and for someone I can't stand, really took the satisfaction out of it. I told her she could take the day off work today so she could focus on finding a new place to live, somewhere safer with her friend because I didn't want her calling me for help again, so I don't see why she's calling me now, or why I should help her.
Here's an expanded version:

Kian, who had been lounging in my office all day, taking advantage of the rare lull in my workload, noticed the scowl on my face and asked, "Same folks from yesterday, huh?" His casual tone was a stark contrast to the frustration brewing inside me. We had spent the day chatting, reminiscing, and generally enjoying each other's company, making the most of the unusual downtime. But my annoyance at the situation with her had clearly ruined my mood, and Kian's perceptive question only served to highlight my growing irritation.

"Yeah, they're at it again, asking for my help like I'm their personal safety net." I replied, my tone laced with exasperation. My words came out with a hint of bitterness, my mood now thoroughly spoiled by the mere mention of those girls. I shook my head, feeling a sense of resentment wash over me.

Kian's words were laced with a hint of reproach, his expression a mix of concern and disbelief. "Come on, man, don't be like that. They're in a tight spot and they need your help. You could hear the desperation in their voices." He shook his head, his eyes locked on mine, as if trying to will me into reconsidering. "You're not just going to leave them hanging, are you?" His tone was calm, but I could sense the underlying judgment, like he was calling me out for my reluctance to get involved.

"No, I can't help them," I replied nonchalantly.

"Why can't you, man?" Kian pressed, his voice laced with frustration, his eyes narrowing as he leaned in closer. He was the exact opposite of me - always eager to lend a hand, always ready to play the hero. I could see the disappointment in his eyes, like he couldn't fathom why I wouldn't want to help them.

"Because, man," I said, my voice firm, "I gave them my word last night that I wouldn't be helping them next time. And if anyone should understand the importance of keeping your word, it's you. You know I always follow through on my commitments, no matter how hard it gets. I can't just go back on that now, it'd be a betrayal of my own integrity." I held Kian's gaze, my eyes locked on his, daring him to challenge me on this. I knew he valued loyalty and reliability above most things, and I was counting on that to make him see things from my perspective.

I watched as Kian stood up, his expression a mix of frustration and resolve, and walked out of the room, leaving me to my stubbornness. "Fine," he had said, his sigh heavy with exasperation, "I'll send some of my guys to go get them."

I settled back into my chair, a sense of detachment washing over me. As long as Kian didn't drag me into his plans, I was content to sit on the sidelines and observe. I'd made my decision, and I was sticking to it. Whatever Kian chose to do, it was on him, not me. I'd washed my hands of the whole situation, and now I was just a spectator, waiting to see how it all played out. With a resigned sigh, I leaned back and prepared to watch the drama unfold, ready to remain aloof and uninvolved.
###chapter 17: A Change in Fortune
Amaris POV:

It was clear that our situation was becoming increasingly desperate. We had been frantically racking our brains for a viable escape plan, but every idea seemed to lead to a dead end. The building was surrounded, and our only somewhat plausible option was to take a perilous leap from a sixth-story window. The mere thought sent a shiver down my spine - the uncertainty was terrifying. Would we clear the surrounding forces, or would we land straight into their waiting arms? The risk was too great, and we both knew that jumping from such great height was tantamount suicide so we already waved it off.

As I sat down beside her on the bed, I asked, "Mia, what's our next move?" Her head was buried in her hands, obscuring her face, but her body language and tense posture betrayed her frustration and despair.

Mia's voice was barely audible, her words laced with desperation and a hint of defeat. "If I told you I had any idea what to do right now, I'd be a bloody liar," she whispered, her tone cracking with emotion. It was as if she was struggling to hold back tears, her vulnerability palpable in the darkness. The raw honesty in her words struck a chord, and I felt my own frustration and fear reflected back at me.

We sat in silence for what felt like an eternity, the only sound being our own ragged breathing. Then, suddenly, I tensed, my head cocked to one side. "Mia, do you hear that?" I whispered, my voice barely audible over the pounding of my heart. I strained to listen, my ears perked up like a rabbit sensing a predator. At first, I thought it was just my imagination, but then I heard it again - a faint pounding noise, distant but getting closer. My eyes locked onto Mia's, and I saw my own fear and uncertainty reflected back at me.

Mia's words sent a chill down my spine as she rose from the bed, her eyes wide with fear. "If I knew, I'd say it sounds like a bunch of heavy footsteps charging up the stairs," she whispered, her voice trembling. The humming noise had grown louder, now unmistakable as the sound of multiple footsteps thundering up the stairs. The floor beneath us began to vibrate, and my heart raced with anticipation. Mia's eyes locked onto mine, and I saw my own dread reflected back at me. We exchanged a silent understanding - our time was running out.

"Oh shit" I muttered as I sprang to my feet, my body trembling with fear. Mia and I stood there, frozen in terror, as the footsteps drew closer and closer. We stared at each other, our eyes welling up with tears as we brace ourselves for the worst. The sound of boots pounding the stairs grew deafening, and our sobs were drowned out by the chaos. We clung to each other, our bodies shaking with fear, as the door burst open and our world came crashing down around us.

As the intruder's smug voice cut through the air, his eyes locked onto Mia's with an unsettling intensity. "Hello, Miss Stone!! We'll need you and your friend to come with us. And let's be clear, we're not asking nicely. If you want, we'll take you by force." His words dripped with arrogance, and yet, my mind wandered to the absurdity of it all - this man, with his chiseled features and piercing gaze, could have graced the covers of magazines or strutted down catwalks. Instead, he chose a life of crime, his rugged good looks now a mere facade for the danger lurking beneath. My thoughts raced as I stood frozen, my heart trapped in a vice of fear, unable to process the surreal moment unfolding before me.

I shot Mia a warning glance, my eyes pleading with her to stay calm and not resist. I knew she was itching to fight back, to lash out against our captors, but I also knew that would be a grave mistake. If we wanted to survive this ordeal, we had to bide our time, wait for the right moment to strike. So I subtly shook my head, my eyes locked onto hers, willing her to understand. Let them think they've got the upper hand, I thought. Let them take us wherever they're going. We'll observe, we'll wait, and we'll plan our escape. The key was to stay alive, to avoid provoking them into violence. At least, that was the plan, until we knew what lay ahead.

As we were dragged out of the room, the man's voice echoed through the hallway, his words dripping with curiosity. "I've heard a lot about you, Mia - about how resisting you are. Were they lying, or ..?" His eyes narrowed, studying her, as if searching for any sign of defiance or rebellion. Mia's gaze never wavered, her expression a mask of calm, but I knew her well enough to detect the hint of tension in her shoulders, the slight tightening of her jaw. She remained silent, refusing to confirm or deny the accusations, her eyes fixed on some point ahead, her mind likely racing with strategies and plans for escape.

 "I haven't recovered from yesterday," Mia said, her voice strained, the tension in her body palpable as she struggled to keep her anger in check. But before the man could respond, the sound of screeching tires filled the air, and two sleek Range Rovers came to a halt in front of us, their gleaming bodies seeming to shimmer in the dim light of the garage. The sudden arrival of the vehicles was like a punctuation mark, cutting off the conversation and leaving us all frozen in anticipation. The doors swung open, and a suited driver gestured for us to get in, his eyes hidden behind sunglasses.

The sudden arrival of the Range Rovers seemed to catch our captor off guard, his suave demeanor momentarily faltering as he eyed the vehicles with a mix of curiosity and wariness. "Who are you?" He asked gruffly, his hand instinctively reaching for his gun, his eyes darting between the drivers and us, as if assessing the situation and weighing his options. The tension in his voice was palpable, a hint of uncertainty creeping into his expression, and for a moment, I wondered if we were about to witness a power struggle between rival factions.

The suited man's response was devoid of emotion, his voice as calm as a still pond, yet somehow, it sent a shiver down my spine. "Someone you do not want to mess with," he said. Then, his gaze shifted to us, and a charming smile spread across his face. "Hello, pretty ladies," he said, his voice dripping with sophistication as he removed his sunglasses, revealing piercing eyes that seemed to see right through us. "I was sent by Mr. Kian Beck, a friend of Mr. Thorne."

Here's an expanded version:

"As I gazed into the suited man's chiseled features, my mind raced with the implications of his words. Kian Beck, the real estate mogul, was a name synonymous with power and influence. His reputation preceded him, a trailblazer in the cutthroat world of high-stakes deals and lucrative transactions. And Mr. Thorne... my thoughts trailed off as I exchanged a knowing glance with Mia. We both understood the gravity of our situation, and the unexpected twist that had just unfolded.

The men who had kidnapped us seemed to fear Mr. Thorne, their eyes widening in a mix of awe and terror as they hastily retreated, abandoning their plans. Yet, we knew the truth - he wouldn't lift a finger to save us. 

But for now, we played along with relief and gratitude as we slid into the luxurious Range Rover. The soft leather enveloped us, a stark contrast to the cold, harsh reality of our circumstances. As the doors closed behind us, I turned to Mia and whispered, "luck is glowing on us".

But I couldn't help but wonder. Why did the criminal underworld fear Mr. Thorne? What secrets lay hidden behind his tech companies and piercing gaze? The questions swirled in my mind like a vortex, as the Range Rover pulled away from the curb, carrying us further into the unknown.
###chapter 18: Safe at Last?!
hapter 18: Safe at Last?!

Amaris POV:

I was curious to know where we were headed, but I couldn't summon the courage to ask, so I kept my questions to myself, my mind racing with possibilities. But Mia's curiosity got the better of her, and she leaned in close, her voice barely above a whisper. 

"Do you have any idea where 
they're taking us?" She asked with her eyes wide with concern.

I shook my head, my voice equally low. "No idea. I'm lost too." I glanced around, trying to get my bearings, but the unfamiliar surroundings offered no clues.

Mia started to say something else, her words tumbling out in a nervous rush. "At least I know we're going to be fine. I mean, how can it get any wo.?"But I quickly covered her mouth, silencing her. I've learned the hard way that it's never a good idea to tempt fate by asking how things could get worse. It's already bad enough as it is so sorry if I don't want to know how it could get worse. I shot her a warning look, and she nodded understandingly, her eyes apologetic. We both knew that sometimes it's better to just keep quiet and wait for the unknown to unfold.

We finally arrived at... well, I had no clue where we were. But one thing was certain - this place was straight out of a luxury magazine. The building in front of us was like something out of a movie, all sleek and modern and totally intimidating. I mean, I'd only seen places like this on TV, where celebrities and billionaires come to play. So, what on earth were we doing here? I wasn't familiar with anybody living around here, or did Mia know someone that stayed here and she didn't think to tell me? I squinted at her in suspicion but she looked just as lost as I was.

I raised an eyebrow at her, trying to convey all my questions and doubts without actually saying them out loud. But she just shrugged, looking just as confused as I felt. I sighed, feeling a little frustrated. What was going on here? 

We climbed out of the fancy Range Rover and into the sunlight, trying to wrap our heads around where we were and what was going on. The car had been like a luxurious bubble, shielding us from the craziness of our situation. But now, back in the real world, my anxiety was spiking. I was determined to get some answers, no matter what. I mean, who were these guys? What did they want with us? And what were we doing in this fancy building?. But for now, I just followed the suited guy, my eyes fixed on his back as he led us towards the sleek building ahead.

As we stepped into the building, I saw a man heading towards us, a warm and enthusiastic smile on his face.

Mia's eyes widened as she nudged me, her voice barely above a whisper. "Wait, isn't that Kian Beck?!"

"Wait, Kian Beck, as in the Kian Beck? The owner of Beck Luxury Homes?" I asked, my voice laced with disbelief. I'd heard his name mentioned countless times, synonymous with wealth and luxury. He was a regular feature in the gossip blogs' 'most eligible bachelors' list, and his company was renowned for building opulent mansions and high-end condos that graced the covers of luxury real estate magazines. But despite his high profile, I'd never really paid attention to what he looked like or delved into his personal life. I mean, why would I? I wasn't exactly mingling in the same social circles as the rich and famous. Now, standing face to face with him, I felt a mix of surprise and curiosity. The man in front of me was even more imposing and charismatic than I imagined, with piercing eyes and a chiseled jawline that seemed chiseled from granite. I couldn't help but wonder what his story was, what drove him to succeed, and what lay behind that charming smile.

Her eyes rolled upwards, as if I was supposed to know this already. "Yes, the owner of Beck Luxury Homes!" she almost yelled at me in frustration, her voice low but urgent. "Only one of the most influential and successful businessmen in the country, and you're standing here like you've never heard of him!" She shook her head, her expression a mix of disbelief and amusement. "Kian Beck is a legend in the real estate world. He's built an empire from scratch, and his properties are the stuff of dreams. And now, here we are, in one of his buildings, about to... well, that's what I'm trying to figure out."

I muttered under my breath, feeling a bit defensive. "It's not my fault I didn't recognize him - I never thought I'd cross paths with him!" I said, trying to justify my ignorance. I mean, Kian Beck was a celebrity in the business world, and our circles didn't exactly overlap. But before Mia could respond with what I assumed would be a witty remark or a playful tease, I noticed a warm smile spreading across her face, and my eyes followed hers to see Kian Beck approaching us, his presence commanding attention. He moved with a confident stride, his long legs eating up the distance, and his piercing eyes fixed on us with an intensity that made my heart skip a beat. I hastily attempted to compose myself, trying to manufacture a charming smile, though I suspected it came out looking more like a lopsided grimace.

My cheeks flushed as I realized how awkward I must have looked, trying to conjure up a charming smile at a moment's notice. But to my surprise, Kian Beck didn't seem to notice my awkwardness. Instead, his eyes crinkled at the corners as he smiled back at me, his gaze warm and inviting. "Hey ladies," he said, his deep voice smooth as silk. "It's great to finally meet you in person." 
###chapter 19: The penthouse suite
Amaris POV:

He extended his hand and we shook it. I was trying to play it cool despite the fact that my heart was racing like a jackrabbit. Looking over at Mia, I was pretty sure she was having the same reaction as me.

I managed to stammer out a greeting, my voice barely above a whisper. "Great to meet you too" I  trailed off, my eyes locked on Kian Beck's, searching for answers, while Mia took on smiling like that was what she was born to do. "Wait, you said it's great to meet us in person... Have you heard about us before?" I asked, my confusion and apprehension evident in my tone. My mind raced with questions - how did he know us? What did he want from us? Mia's smile had faltered, her eyebrows knitting together in a suspicious furrow, mirroring my own concerns. We exchanged a wary glance, our unspoken questions hanging in the air like a challenge, as we waited for Kian Beck's response.

He let out a warm, gentle laugh, his eyes crinkling at the corners. "Relax, I'm not here to harm you," he assured us, his voice dripping with kindness. "Your boss, Caleb - my good friend - filled me in on your situation. He told me about your ordeal, your kidnapping, and your housing situation" he said, his expression softening. "And when he refused to lend a helping hand, I saw an opportunity to step in and play the hero." He flashed us a charming smile, his teeth gleaming in the light. "After all, someone's got to be the gentleman around here."

"I'll leave you both in the capable hands of this lovely lady," he said, gesturing to a stunning woman who approached us with grace and poise. She was impeccably dressed in a sleek, high-end business suit that made my usual work attire look like casual Friday wear. Her presence exuded confidence and professionalism, and I couldn't help but feel a little intimidated by her polished demeanor. "She'll take care of you," Kian Beck assured us, his smile warm and reassuring, before turning to leave, leaving us in the hands of this formidable woman.

She wore a navy blue dress that fell just below her knees, its straight silhouette accentuated by a subtle brooch on her left breast. Her black pumps added a touch of elegance, while her moderate makeup and understated hairstyle - a sleek blonde bob - contributed to her overall polished yet understated appearance. The only pops of color came from her bold red lipstick and her bright blue eyes, which sparkled with intelligence and warmth. While some might call her a 'plain Jane,' her refined features and poised demeanor exuded a quiet confidence and sophistication that commanded attention.

"Hello, I'm Kate Hudgens," she said with a warm smile, extending her hand in a graceful gesture. Her British accent added a touch of refinement to her introduction, instantly elevating her poise and sophistication in my eyes. "Please, follow me," she invited, her eyes sparkling with warmth as she gestured towards the elevator with a sleek, manicured hand. "I'd be delighted to show you our available suites." Her smile was radiant, putting me at ease as I shook her hand, feeling a sense of trust and confidence in her expertise. With a nod, I followed her towards the elevator, curious about what luxurious surprises lay ahead.

As we followed Kate to the elevator, Mia and I couldn't contain our excitement, our hands instinctively finding each other's like two schoolgirls sharing a secret. We exchanged a giddy glance, our eyes sparkling with anticipation, and struggled to stifle our giggles, our grins threatening to burst forth at any moment. The elevator doors slid open, and we stepped inside, our hands still clasped together, our hearts racing with the thrill of the unknown, like two kids on Christmas morning.

"I must confess, I don't usually go out of my way for just anyone," Kate said with a hint of mischief in her voice, "but there's something about you two that sets you apart from the usual entitled asses I've had to deal with. So, I'm going to give you a special treat. I'll take you to the penthouse suite first - and don't worry, it's not as pricey as it looks. Plus, you've already got discounts lined up." She leaned in, her voice dropping to a whisper as if she feared being overheard, even in the privacy of the moving elevator. "Consider it a little perk, just for being so... endearing." Her eyes sparkled with warmth.

"Okay, I like you already!" I exclaimed, my enthusiasm bubbling over. "Staying in a penthouse suite has always been a pipe dream for me, something I never thought I'd get to experience. But now, here I am, and I'm seizing the opportunity with both hands!" I beamed at Kate, my excitement evident in my voice and gestures. "This is a dream come true, and I can't thank you enough for making it happen!".

"You mentioned we have a discount - what's the story behind that?" Mia asked, her grin still plastered on her face, her eyes sparkling with curiosity.

"Hey, we've got a discount, okay? Just roll with it!" I said with a playful eye-roll, my tone mock-stern but my smile betraying my amusement. Mia's grin only grew wider, and Kate chuckled, her eyes crinkling at the corners. Our laughter echoed through the elevator, a joyful, carefree sound that lightened the mood even further.

 "It's because you work for Caleb, Mr. Beck's closest friend". Her eyes sparkled with glee. "In that case, consider this a perk of being part of Caleb's circle. You're getting the VIP treatment, courtesy of Kian Beck's goodwill." 

"I like the treatment!" I replied with a warm smile, my eyes crinkling at the corners. "And I think we're going to get along just fine, don't you?" I said, my tone light and playful.

As the elevator doors opened on the 30th floor, Kate led us to a suite that left me awestruck. My jaw dropped in wonder, my eyes scanning the lavish space in disbelief
###chapter 20: The cost 
Amaris POV:


The penthouse suite was breathtakingly beautiful, with sleek lines, marble accents, and floor-to-ceiling windows that offered a stunning view of the city skyline. I couldn't help but feel a sense of excitement and gratitude, knowing that this incredible space was ours to enjoy. "Wow, this is...wow," I stammered, my eyes still fixed on the suite's grandeur. "I think we're going to love it here," I added, my voice barely above a whisper.

Mia's eyes were wide with wonder as she gazed around the suite. She turned to Kate, her expression a mix of excitement and trepidation, as if she couldn't bear the thought of leaving this luxurious haven but was also dreading the potential price tag. "How much does it cost?" she asked hesitantly, her eyes darting to me and then back to Kate, seeking reassurance.

Kate's smile grew even wider as she announced, "This stunning penthouse suite can be yours for the low price of $7,000 a month!" Her tone was cheerful and enthusiastic, as if she was thrilled to be offering us such an incredible deal. The figure was staggering, but the way Kate presented it made it sound like a steal. "And trust me, it's worth every penny," she added, her eyes sparkling with conviction.

"And with the discount you mentioned earlier?" I asked, my smile still firmly in place, my eyes locked on Kate's with a hint of playful anticipation. "How much will we be paying then?" I pressed, my curiosity piqued, eager to hear the final price that would seal the deal on this luxurious haven.

Kate's expression turned apologetic as she clarified, "I apologize for the confusion - the $7,000 is already the discounted price." Her words were met with a synchronized drop in our smiles, Mia's and mine, as our faces fell in unison. The excitement and anticipation that had built up moments before were suddenly replaced with a dash of disappointment and a hint of sticker shock.

Mia's voice was laced with disappointment as she said, "Oh...I don't know if we can swing that." Her words trailed off, punctuated by a faint sigh that conveyed her reluctance to let go of the penthouse dream. The air was thick with awkward silence, as Kate's usual effervescence was replaced by an uncomfortable stillness, her eyes darting between us as if searching for a way to revive the earlier excitement. The suite that had once seemed like a luxurious haven now felt like an unattainable luxury.

I broke the silence, suggesting, "Why don't we explore other options? I'm sure there are other suites that might fit our budget better." My tone was gentle, trying to soften the disappointment, and avoid putting Kate in an awkward position. I shot her a reassuring smile, implying that it was okay, and we could still find something that worked for us. Mia nodded in agreement, her eyes still a bit downcast, but slightly hopeful again.

Kate's face lit up with determination as she exclaimed, "No way, I'm not giving up on this suite yet! Let me see what I can do to help." She swiftly pulled out her phone and began typing away, her fingers flying across the screen with a sense of purpose. "I'll find out if there are any additional discounts that might make it more feasible for you," she explained, her eyes fixed on the screen as she worked her magic. Mia and I exchanged a hopeful glance, our earlier disappointment momentarily forgotten in the face of Kate's unwavering enthusiasm.

Kate's voice transformed into a sweet, melancholic tone as she spoke into the phone, "Hello, sir...Yes, sir, I understand. Unfortunately, the ladies you put in my care are facing a bit of a budget constraint...Their maximum allocation for the suite is $3,500, sir...I understand, sir. Thank you so much for your understanding and support, sir." Her words were laced with a hint of persuasion, her tone soft and gentle, yet firm. After a brief pause, she concluded the call, her eyes locked on ours, a hint of a smile playing on her lips. "Well, it looks like we might have some good news," she hinted, her expression optimistic.

Kate's eyes sparkled with hope as she turned to us, asking, "So, would you two be able to manage a monthly payment of $3,500?" Her voice was laced with anticipation, her smile hinting that she had possibly pulled off a minor miracle. Mia and I exchanged a weighted glance, our minds racing with the implications. The reduced price was still steep, but the prospect of securing this stunning penthouse suite at a significantly lower rate was undeniably tantalizing.

I let out a surprised yelp, "Y-yes!" My voice squealed with excitement, my eyes wide with disbelief. "We'll take it!" I blurted out, my enthusiasm getting the better of me. Mia's eyes lit up in tandem, her face mirroring my own shock and delight. We exchanged a triumphant high-five, our earlier reservations forgotten in the face of this unexpected windfall.

Kate's pen hovered over the contract, her smile triumphant as she indicated the signature lines. "Just a few formalities, and this stunning suite is all yours!" She beamed, her eyes sparkling with excitement. But Mia's expression was a picture of disbelief, her eyes wide with a mix of excitement and trepidation. She looked like she was pinching herself, wondering if this was all too good to be true. Her hand trembled slightly as she reached for the pen, her gaze darting to me as if seeking reassurance that we were really getting away with this incredible deal.

Mia's curiosity got the better of her, and she hesitated, pen in hand, as she asked, "Wait, what was the original price of this suite again?" Her eyes narrowed slightly, as if she was bracing herself for a shocking revelation. 

Kate's words dropped like a bombshell: "The original price is actually $15,000 per month." Our jaws dropped in unison, Mia's and mine, as we stared at each other in disbelief. The figures danced in our minds, the staggering discount transforming from a pleasant surprise to a jaw-dropping, eye-popping, can't-believe-our-luck windfall! The room seemed to hold its breath as we processed the enormity of the deal, our minds racing with the implications of scoring this luxurious penthouse for a whopping 75% off!

Mia's voice was filled with genuine gratitude as she expressed her thanks, "Thank you so much for going out of your way to make this happen for us, Kate. We really appreciate your efforts and kindness." Her sincerity was palpable, her smile warm and heartfelt. 

With a warm smile, Kate nodded and said, "You're all set then! Enjoy your new home, and make some amazing memories here." Her eyes sparkled with genuine happiness for us, and she turned to leave, her heels clicking softly on the floor as she walked away, leaving us to bask in the excitement of our new penthouse paradise.

Mia and I burst into joyful squeals, our excitement reaching new heights as we gazed around our stunning new penthouse. We jumped up and down, our feet barely touching the ground, our laughter echoing off the sleek surfaces. "We did it! We're actually moving in!" I exclaimed, my voice trembling with happiness. With our dream home finally within reach, all that was left was to bring in our belongings and make this luxurious space our own personal sanctuary. The thrill of this new ###chapter had us grinning from ear to ear, our hearts overflowing with joy and anticipation.
###chapter 21: Echoes of the Past
Amaris POV:

"We did it! We're actually moving in!" I exclaimed, my voice trembling with happiness.

Mia's voice was laced with a hint of melancholy as she murmured, "Yes, we're moving in," her tone falling short of the excitement and elation that would normally accompany such a remarkable accomplishment. Despite the penthouse being a dream come true, her words seemed to convey a sense of mixed emotions, as if the joy of this new ###chapter was tempered by a tinge of sadness or uncertainty.

"Mia, is everything okay? You seem a bit subdued, and I want to make sure you're doing all right." I tried to offer reassurance, hoping to alleviate her worries. "We're going to be safe here, I promise. This building has state-of-the-art security, and you don't have to fear another kidnapping. We're starting fresh, and this is a new ###chapter in our lives." I spoke calmly and gently, attempting to ease her apparent unease.

Mia's voice cracked as she began to speak, but she struggled to continue, her words hanging in the air like an unfinished thought. "I know... it's just that..." She faltered, her gaze drifting away, leaving the sentence incomplete, and her emotions suspended like a lingering question, waiting to be resolved.

I softened my tone, speaking in a gentle whisper, "Is it your dad, Mia?.

Mia's expression turned defensive, her voice laced with a hint of irritation. "No, it's not about my dad, okay? You wouldn't understand. He's always calculated and transparent about his intentions. If he's not in touch, it's for a reason. Stop implying he's done something wrong or hurt me in some way. That tone is really frustrating, so just drop it!" Her words were firm, setting boundaries, and clarifying her trust in her father's motives.

"I apologize, Mia. I was just trying to understand why you seemed upset, and I made an incorrect assumption. My mistake, and I'm truly sorry for that." I conceded, my words sincere and contrite. The silence that followed was palpable, a heavy stillness that hung between us like an unresolved question. Finally, I gently probed again, "If it's not about your dad, then what's wrong? You seem sad, and I want to help if I can." My voice was soft and empathetic, inviting her to share her concerns.

Mia's voice was barely above a whisper, her eyes welling up with tears as she gazed at me, then quickly looked away, her gaze faltering. "I'm sorry for snapping at you, Ammie," she murmured, her words laced with regret and vulnerability, her emotions raw and exposed like an open wound. 

I quickly wrapped my arms around her, offering a warm embrace. "Hey, it's okay, no need to apologize. Just talk to me, what's going on? Is everything alright?" I asked, my voice soft and reassuring, my hug gentle and supportive. I held her close, creating a safe space for her to open up, my eyes locked on hers, searching for any sign of what was troubling her.

Mia's voice was barely audible, her words whispered against my shoulder as we hugged. "I'm terrified, Ammie. What if they're still waiting for us when we go to collect our belongings? What if they've been watching us, waiting for the perfect moment to strike? I've never been so scared in my life." Her admission sent a chill down my spine, and my heart went out to her. Mia, the fearless and courageous person I knew, was vulnerable and frightened. I could feel her fear, her uncertainty, and her helplessness.

But I knew I had to be strong for her. I took a deep breath, mustering a reassuring tone, determined to help her find her courage again. "We'll face this together, Mia. We'll get through it, and I won't let anything happen to you. You're not alone. We'll go to the apartment, collect our things, and leave." I spoke with conviction, trying to instill confidence in her, and myself. I held her at arm's length, looking into her eyes, and continued, "You're one of the bravest people I know, Mia. You've always been there for me, and now it's my turn to be there for you. We'll get through this together."

Mia's voice cracked as she poured out her heart, her words tumbling out in a torrent of fear and uncertainty. "What if my dad doesn't care about me anymore? What if I'm just a pawn in his game, a mere piece to be sacrificed? He always says he has a plan, but what kind of plan could he possibly have instead of rescuing me from harm's way? Would he even notice if I had died yesterday? Would he just shrug it off and say 'I knew she'd be fine'?" Her words dissolved into sobs, her body shaking with anguish. I knew this fear had been simmering beneath the surface, waiting to erupt. I had seen glimpses of it earlier, when she bristled at my mention of her father. Now, it was a torrent of pain and doubt, threatening to consume her. I held her close, my heart aching with empathy, my arms a refuge from the storm that raged within her.

"Listen, Mia, you're going to be okay. And if your dad is foolish enough to abandon an amazing daughter like you, then that's his mistake, not yours. But for now, I need you to tap back into that strength and resilience that's always defined you. We're going to face this together, and nothing - nothing - is going to stand in our way, except maybe God himself. So, let's draw on that inner power, that courage, and that determination that's always driven you. We're going to get through this, and we're going to come out even stronger on the other side." I spoke with conviction, my words a gentle but firm push, urging her to reclaim her confidence and inner strength.

Mia lifted her head from my shoulder, a smile spreading across her face, and burst out laughing. "Great pep talk, Ammie!" she said, her eyes sparkling with renewed energy. I breathed a sigh of relief, glad that I had helped ease her worries. The tension dissipated, and the atmosphere lightened, recalling the excitement and thrill of our penthouse adventure. "Let's do this!" Mia declared, her confidence and determination restored. Together, we stepped out of the room, locking the door behind us, ready to face whatever lay ahead.
###chapter 22: Former Apartment
Amaris POV:

As we headed to our former apartment, we made a quick stop to purchase a taser, wanting to be prepared and protected in case of any unexpected encounters. Fortunately, our caution was unwarranted, and we arrived at the apartment without incident. The building was quiet, and we didn't run into anyone, a welcome relief after the anxiety and fear that had gripped us earlier. We breathed a sigh of relief, grateful for the uneventful trip, and began to gather our belongings, eager to leave the past behind and start anew.

"I can't believe I get to wake up to this stunning skyline view every day!" I exclaimed, gazing out at the breathtaking panorama. The sleek skyscrapers and bustling cityscape stretched out before me, a constant reminder of the excitement and possibilities that lay ahead.

Mia was about to say something but her words trailed off as her phone suddenly buzzed to life in her hand, the ringing tone piercing the air. She hesitated, her eyes flicking to the screen, and then back to me. "Hold that thought, Ammie," she said with a hint of apology, answering the call. "Hey, Dad." Her tone was cautious, a subtle tension creeping into her voice as she spoke.
Mia's voice trembled as she spoke, her words laced with a mix of surprise, sadness, and confusion. "Dad?" she said, her eyes welling up with tears. "I know who it is, dad... you knew?" Her voice cracked as she struggled to process the conversation. "I thought you'd abandoned me," she whispered, the pain and vulnerability evident in her tone. But then, her expression shifted, and a faint smile appeared. "Thanks, dad... I love you too, daddy," she said, her voice barely above a whisper, before hanging up the phone. Tears streamed down her face, a mix of joy and relief washing over her, as she gazed at me with a look of stunned disbelief.

"What did he say?" I asked, my eyes wide in anticipation.

"He inquired if I was aware of the mastermind behind the threat, and mentioned that he knew they didn't intend to harm me, otherwise, the agreement would be null and void. He also assured me that he had already dispatched a team to handle the situation with my boss." Her casual demeanor belied the gravity of the conversation, but her eyes still sparkled with a hint of wonder and relief.

I raised an eyebrow and drawled, "When you say 'handle', I'm assuming you mean something a bit more... extreme, like torture or perhaps even eliminating your boss?" My tone was laced with skepticism, and I watched Mia's reaction closely, curious if she would confirm my suspicions.

Mia nodded, her expression somber. "Yeah, something like that," she admitted, her voice laced with a mix of relief and resignation. "That's exactly why I wanted out of that life," she continued, her eyes cast downward as she walked towards the couch. "At least I know my dad still has my back," she said, a hint of gratitude in her tone. But then her expression shifted to frustration, "And now, I'll have to find a new job." She sighed, dropping onto the couch, the weight of her situation settling back onto her shoulders.

I offered a reassuring smile, trying to lift her spirits. "Come on, Mia, getting a new job won't be a problem, right? Your dad has tons of connections, he can easily pull some strings and get you a great spot at one of those top advertising firms. You'll be back on your feet in no time!" I said, trying to sound optimistic and confident, hoping to alleviate her concerns.

"I know. But that's not what I want." She moaned.

I furrowed my brow, perplexed. "Wait, what do you mean that's not what you want? You've always been passionate about your work in advertising. What's changed? What else are you looking to do now?" I asked, my tone laced with genuine confusion and curiosity.

Mia clarified, her eyes sparkling with determination. "I'm not saying I want to leave advertising, but I want to earn my next job on my own merit, without my father's influence. I want to be hired because of my skills and hard work, not because of who my dad is. I want to experience the thrill of landing a job through my own efforts, without any connections or favors." Her voice was filled with a sense of purpose and independence.

I nodded in support, "Oh, I see. That's not a problem at all! If you want to go out there and land a job on your own terms, that's totally awesome! I'm actually really proud of you for wanting to do it this way. It's a great way to build confidence and learn valuable skills. But," I added, noticing her frustration, "why do you seem so upset about it? You're acting like it's a challenge or something." I asked, my curiosity piqued.

Mia let out a wry laugh, "Just wait until I break the news to my dad that I don't need his help, that I want to find a job on my own. He's going to be...interesting to deal with, let's just say." Her eyes sparkled with a mix of amusement and trepidation, anticipating the reaction she knew was coming.

A pang of envy washed over me, and I couldn't help but feel a twinge of sadness. Mia's words had unwittingly uncovered a tender spot within me, and memories of my own difficult past came flooding back. I had grown accustomed to keeping those emotions at bay, but in this moment, they resurfaced.

"Dad!" I yelled, fear slithering down my spine.

"Mommy! Mommy, daddy has blood coming out of his head" I cried as my mom ran down the stairs.

The memory came flooding back, and I felt like a child again, standing in that same spot, frozen in shock and confusion. My mother's anguished cries still echoed in my mind, as she cradled my father's lifeless body in her arms. I remembered feeling so lost and scared, not fully understanding what had happened, but knowing that something was terribly wrong. The image of the hole in my father's forehead was forever etched in my mind, a gruesome reminder of the violence that had taken him from me. Even now, the pain and grief felt like a fresh wound, and I couldn't help but wonder what my life would have been like if he had been spared.

Mia's urgent voice pierced through my reverie, jolting me back to reality. "Amaris! Amaris, are you okay?" she exclaimed, her hands grasping my shoulders as she peered at me with concern etched on her face. Her gaze was intense, as if searching for any sign of distress.

I attempted to brush off her concern with a hasty smile, but my efforts were betrayed by the traitorous tear that escaped my eye and landed on the ground. I swiftly wiped away the evidence, but Mia's keen gaze had already caught the telltale sign of my distress. Her eyes softened with empathy, and she reached out to offer a comforting embrace.

As Mia enveloped me in a warm hug, I felt a sense of gratitude wash over me. She didn't need to ask what was wrong; our bond was so strong that she instinctively knew when I was struggling. I realized, not for the first time, how fortunate I was to have her in my life. After my father's passing, her family had been a rock for mine, offering support and comfort in our darkest moments. And Mia, in particular, had become more than just a best friend - she was a sister, a confidante, a kindred spirit. We had been inseparable since then, our friendship forged in the fire of adversity.
###chapter 23: Now the drama 
Amaris' POV 

     I sighed, staring at my reflection in the mirror before pressing my lips on a thin line. The past few days had been really terrifying. I mean if someone would have told me that all this was going to happen to me in a space of three days I would have assumed they lost their mind or something. I let out another sigh as I added the finishing touches on my make up. 

     Caleb. That asshole, I was kidnapped for crying out loud and now he expects me to show up at work the next day. I was supposed to be at home comforting my best friend but instead he wants me to come to work so he can boss me around and assign the most ridiculous tasks to me. I mean he did let me stay home yesterday and I had to admit I didn't expect him to do that. Caleb was a stickler for rules, he clearly said I was supposed to give him a two weeks notice before taking a day off but the way he spoke over the phone yesterday ruined every good thing he had ever done or said to me. 

I don't care, I told you yesterday that I won't help next time. You could both die for all I care 

What a jerk! 

Oh Lord, give me strength. I pinched between my brows a bit frustrated. Maybe I should consider looking for another job. Anything's fine as long as I'd get to be away from him. 

I gave myself a once-over in the mirror making sure nothing was wrong with my looks. Today I decided to wear a black pants suit which I thought looked pretty good on me which was surprising because if there was one thing I knew that I hated about myself was my low self esteem. I mean there were a lot of other things but they weren't as bad as my self esteem. The only person who knew about it was Mia....others assumed I had high self esteem because of how I acted around people but actually it was the complete opposite. 

As I stared at the pants in the mirror admiring how it clung to my figure my mind wandered to the dress code that Caleb sent when I started working for him and I couldn't recall if pants weren't allowed. Oh well. I shrugged my shoulders. I don't remember seeing pants listed as not allowed in the list he sent and that's good enough for me. I flashed a smile at the young woman in my mirror before heading out the door. I just hope today doesn't suck.

"Later girl!" I was already halfway out the door when Mia's urgent tone stopped me in my tracks.

"Ammie come see!" It took me a few seconds before I realized she was actually pointing towards the TV. I could tell she was watching a news channel but I couldn't see the headlines because I was too far away from the screen. I then moved towards where she sat, closing the distance between us. 

"What's going on?" I asked with a confused expression on my face before following her gaze back to the TV. My eyes widened as I took in the breaking news headline scrolling through the screen. "What in the world?" I squinted my eyes before shaking my head in disbelief. Maybe I was imagining things. I read the headline again and again convincing myself that I wasn't seeing things. 

"Tragedy has struck the advertising world as the CEO of Millers, a globally renowned company, was discovered deceased in his office earlier today. Authorities have confirmed that the cause of death was suicide, resulting from an overdose of antidepressant medication. Our deepest sympathies go out to the family, colleagues, and staff affected by this heartbreaking loss." the announcer spoke from the other side of the screen. 

"Wow.....I have to say I'm impressed." I said my smile, a mix of shock and admiration. "Your dad's men did a really good job." I let out a light chuckle. 

"You think?" She smiled, turning back to see me since I was standing directly behind the couch. "I mean I know they did a great job but don't you feel guilty?" She pursed her lips. "Well you wouldn't obviously because you don't have anything to do with this..." She spoke again, not even giving me a chance to reply. "...it just feels kind of weird to know that he was actually murdered all because of me." Her lips curled into a sad smile. 

"Hey...." I bent over, placing my hands on her shoulders. "Don't get so worked up about it. None of this is your fault besides he's the one who decided to harm you in the first place. He just got what was coming to him." I gave her shoulders a little squeeze trying to reassure her. "They did it to protect you so you don't have to blame yourself for anything." 

"Yeah, I guess you're right." She said after taking a while to think about it. She sighed, slumping her shoulders as she sank into the couch. 

"Well I gotta go." I pointed towards the door. "It's gonna take me a bit more time to get there since we live farther away from the office now. I don't want to be late before Mr. Grumpy grumps fires me." I said with air quotes as we both burst out laughing. 

"Yeah see you later." She waved as I walked to the door still listening to her. "In the meantime I'll see if I can find some job vacancies online and also tell my dad that I won't be needing his help to find a job." I heard her say. "Don't forget to get a tub of ice cream on your way home." She added.  "Love your pants suit by the way." I turned to see a mischievous smile on her face

"Thank you." I cupped my cheeks with a huge grin spread across my face. "Later Mia." I waved again before closing the door behind me. I walked away with a smile plastered on my face as I thought about what she said. I can't believe I'm already looking forward to that I've cream.

~~~~~~~~~~~

"Good morning Sir." I greeted trying my best to sound professional even though I was still pissed about the things he said to us yesterday. I was still trying to get used to the way Caleb barged in and out of my office like he owned the place...well technically he did but couldn't he give a woman some space? Ugh! 

I glanced at his outfit and he was putting on a suit as usual but it seemed like he had left his jacket in his office or something because he wasn't putting it on. Come to think of it, ever since I met him I've only seen him put on his suit jacket only when we're at a meeting, important meetings. His black crisp shirt clung to his body, tight enough to show every ripple of muscle as he moved which I would have found attractive if I wasn't so pissed at the moment. 

I watched him stride across the room as I thought to myself. If only he had a good personality to match his stunning looks and impressive physique. Too bad wishes don't come true. "Good morning, Miss Amaris." He spoke his tone laced with disapproval. His gaze dropped to my body and even though I was sitting he could see well enough to notice that I was wearing a pantsuit. Oh God.I sighed inwardly. Now the drama.
###chapter 24: What the heck was he up to now? 
Amaris' POV 

     I watched as his gaze dropped to my body and even though I was sitting he could see well enough to notice that I was wearing a pantsuit. I shifted uncomfortable under his piercing gaze....no matter how many times I denied it he was intimidating. "Explain yourself." His eyes narrowed into thin slits. I already knew what he was talking about so there was no need to beat around the bush. His jaw clenched and unclenched before he spoke again. "Don't make me repeat myself." 

I pressed my lips together trying to summon up courage before speaking. "If I recall correctly, Sir...." I drawled. "...there were no restrictions against pant suits in the email you sent to me so technically I can wear them." I expected him to say something but he didn't so I just continued as I arranged the files on my desk, anything to not look into those dark orbs glaring at me. "You wanted me to dress formally and here I am, dressing formally. Or...." I raised my head meeting his gaze again. "....this doesn't look formal to you?" I lifted a brow, proud of myself that I somehow managed to pull it off. 

His eyes darkened with rage as the color drained out of his pupils. "Miss Carter....are you...questioning me?" He said in a surprisingly calm but cold tone. One that sent shivers down my spine. Come on girl, just breathe. You can keep this up for another five minutes. Don't let him walk all over you. Don't let him get to you.*

"I'm not questioning you, Sir. I just wanted to know if you saw this look...." I swept my hands down my body. "....as dressing informal." 

I looked up expecting him to speak but he didn't say anything. Ugh! "Besides we're having a meeting today....so I decided to look a little more...." I paused looking for the exact word. "Professional." 

"So....." He finally spoke. "You decided to break my rules just because we're having a meeting today." He looked at me with an irritated look which was kind of almost normal now. "I'll let you off the hook this time Carter," he turned on his heel, striding out of the office. He then paused in his tracks before saying. "But try this again and I promise you.....you're losing your job on the spot." His icy tone sent another chill of shivers down my spine as the coldness of his words cut through me like a razor blade leaving a trail of goosebumps behind. Argh! Why did he always make me feel so uneasy!

He hadn't left yet so I decided to apologize even though it wasn't something I would normally do. "I'm....." I was about to apologize when it struck me. Wait a minute, I wanted to lose this job right....there ain't no way I'm apologizing to this jerk, he could go jump off a building for all I care. He's the one who hired me in the first place so he should be the one to suffer, not me. 

"What was that?" He turned his head just a little inch to the right so I could see one of his eyes.

I was about to utter the word "nothing," then I realized that I was going to sound a bit scared. "I just wanted to say I'm perfectly fine with it." A smug smile crept up my lips. "I think you should fire me." I crossed my hands over my chest. "I'm pretty sure I can get a better job somewhere.....at least I won't get to see your annoying face five times in a week." I muttered that last part to myself but I made it loud enough so he could hear me. 

I could see a vein pulsing in the side of his head as he clenched his fist but he didn't say anything, which would have surprised me if he wasn't weirdly quiet today. Well, I guess the gods are on my side today. I watched him leave and as expected he didn't shut the door but I was too happy to even care. I just pissed off the Caleb Thorne again. And it felt so fucking good. I let out a loud chuckle before getting up to close the door. 

As I walked back to my seat, I couldn't help but think about the things that Caleb would do to get back at me. My mind raced with possibilities but I pushed them all aside. I wasn't going to give him the satisfaction of infiltrating my thoughts. Not when I had work to do. 

~~~~~~~~~

    As expected the meeting went smoothly but what kept bugging me was why Caleb was so quiet. Don't get me wrong he was quiet most of the time but this time was just so different. He didn't even say anything at the meeting, he just sat there watching everyone blabbing about the changes they could make in the company and I had to write all that shit down....while standing! 

When the meeting was over I headed to my office so I could make a report on the notes I had taken down. I also had a lot of filing and paperwork to do and I was already tired, like really tired. But I didn't have a choice, I didn't want that jerk  barging into my office again.

A couple of throbbing headaches, eye stings, keyboard burnouts and back pains later I was done with all the paperwork for the day. I glanced at my screen and I had to admit we were making really good profit this month. A small smile plastered on my face when I imagined Caleb thanking me for the good work I've been doing. Yeah right. Caleb? Thank me? Apparently he was nothing but a huge thorn in my side, literally. Well he should be glad his name is really working out for him. 

I was still trying to wrap my head around the fact that someone as awesome and kind as Kian Beck was a friend of his. I mean he's nice, he has manners and he even smiles. An image of Kian smiling flashed in my head and I couldn't help but grin. If only Caleb was as nice as he was, my life wouldn't have been less miserable. 

I heard the faint sound of footsteps heading in my direction and I jerked my head up towards the door. Great. Just the right person I wanted to see. My friend deepened as I watched Caleb walk into my office for the second time today.  What did he want from me? I inwardly groaned. 

Make sure you finish on time today. His warning echoed in my head. Oh shoot. I shut my eyes tight before opening them again, how could I forget. Caleb had unexpectedly decided to review all the paperwork himself today, which was unusual since he normally doesn't bother himself with such petty things. But for some reasons best known to him, he chose to make an exception today and I couldn't help but wonder why. 

"Miss Carter," he greeted me with a small nod. "I suppose you're finished with the film for the day?" He said with his hands clasped behind him. Even though he didn't smile, his time was surprisingly cheerful and sparking my skepticism. There was something about him that didn't quite add up. I tried hiding my suspicion as I peered at him with a scrutinizing look. What the heck was he up to now
###chapter 25: Thorne in my flesh.
Amaris' POV 

I tried hiding my suspicion as I peered at him with a scrutinizing look. What the hell was he up to now? "Yes I am," I answered in the most casual way that I could, locking eyes with him. If there was something I learnt after working for Caleb for the past few months, it was that he loved intimidating and making people inferior. Well unfortunately for him he hired me to be his secretary....personal secretary. 

"Alright...." He said approaching my desk. "Let me see it." He walked behind me bending over as he fixed his eyes on my computer screen before shifting his gaze to me and our faces were inches apart but my calm demeanor didn't waiver, in stark contrast to the raging storm of emotions brewing inside of me. 

"Why are you staring at me like that?" I lifted a brow fighting the urge to swallow. I could literally feel the smell of his cologne and aftershave filling up my senses. An amused glint flickered in his eyes as his lips inched up into a fraction of a smirk before he squashed it immediately. 

"Don't tell me you don't know what to do?" He spoke, causing my gaze to drop to his lips. I didn't know if it was just me or they looked more plump and fuller today. Focus Ammie.

"What the hell are you talking about?" My brows dipped into a frown as I gave his face another once over. This was the first time I was actually this close to him and I couldn't help but wonder why I never noticed how pretty his eyes were. His eyes were a captivating mix of darkness and beauty with a depth that seemed to stretch on forever, just staring into them could make you.....

"So you're just going to sit there and watch your boss stand," He said, interrupting my thoughts as he pulled away standing up straight, his gaze towering over me as his lips twisted into a scowl. 

I got up from my chair stepping aside, giving him the chance to sit on my chair. "I don't think you'll want the answer to that question," I scoffed with a smirk. 

As his eyes roamed through the screen I couldn't help sneaking a glance at his face and he actually looked....impressed? Hold up. Something definitely wasn't right, how could Caleb be impressed with my work? I expected him to be yelling and frowning at me right now but he wasn't, which was really weird. I felt a little smile creeping onto my face. It was a small win, but hey, it felt good to know that he appreciated my hard work. I still couldn't shake off the feeling that something was off though but since I couldn't see any other suspicious thing other than his odd behavior I decided to shrug it off. 

I stood in front of my table so I could see what he was doing. The only things I could see and hear were the dim light reflecting from the computer screen and the faint sounds coming from the keyboard. Wait a second, faint sounds? Coming from the keyboard? Just then Caleb's eyebrows shot up, it was more of an amused expression than a shocked one. "What's wrong?" I questioned but he didn't say a word, instead he just kept staring at the screen and I couldn't help but wonder what could have caused the sudden change in his expression. 

"Is everything okay?" I spoke, my tone laced with a bit of concern as I craned my neck trying to look over the screen. I wanted to go behind him and see whatever he was looking at  but I didn't know if he considered that "disrespectful." Nothing was ever normal when dealing with Caleb Thorne. My mind raced with countless possibilities, did I mess up his schedule? Did I mix up his appointments? Whatever happened, it was for the better, right? He'd finally fire me and I'd get to leave this place, right? 

I couldn't wait anymore, I quickly circled my desk so I stood behind him and my jaw dropped when I saw the empty files on the screen. "What happened?" I asked taking the mouse from him as I clicked on each and every file and they were all empty. "What the fuck did you do?" 

 The amused look in his eye disappeared as the color drained out of his pupils, his eyes narrowing into venomous slits. "Mind your language." *Did he just tell me to mind my language? After pulling off such a stunt?!*  

I took deep breaths trying to calm the raging fury inside of me but it wasn't working. "What. Did. You do?" I spoke through gritted teeth. I knew exactly what he did. I knew exactly why he did it. I just wanted him to admit it himself. 

"I might have accidentally deleted everything you did today," he said in a low tone as a smug smile crept up his lips. I allowed his words to sink into me for a few seconds as I relaxed them over and over in my head. Did he just say 'accidentally'?*I clenched my fists as I suppressed the urge to wrap my hands around his neck. Not that I was actually going to succeed in choking him, I wasn't even sure if he was actually going to struggle but it was going to help me calm down. 

I watched him as he got up from the swivel chair before letting out another deep breath, "There's no way you could have actually deleted everything with one click." I said my voice laced with disbelief as I turned to the laptop sitting on the empty chair. 

"Who said I clicked once." His voice bounced off the glass walls. I threw my head back as I pinched the bridge of my nose trying to ease my frustration. I think it's safe to say that the only reason Caleb was sent to this world was to make my life a living nightmare. Then it hit me, I could recover everything from the cloud. 

"Nevermind, I'll just get it back from the cloud." I navigated through the computer with the mouse but my whole body froze the second I heard him speak. 

"I might have also deleted it from the cloud too." He said in a casual tone, like he had not just thrown four hours of work into the garbage. 

"You're kidding right?" My eyes bulged as I stared at him leaning on my desk with his back to me. "You didn't actually delete them from the cloud too?" I asked, clicking on my mouse as I searched through the system. Nothing. All that time, all that effort I put into this, all of them just vanished in an instant and it was all his fault. I'm pretty sure this was his payback for wearing pant suits to work. He really was a thorn in my flesh. As I thought going through all of that pain and stress all over again, I slumped in my chair placing my palm over my forehead. Just when I thought I was going to take a break. 

"You're good at what you do. I meant to say that you're not bad, it's no big deal for you to start all over again....is it?" Oh. My. God. He did not just say that to my face right now? How could someone be so mean and heartless?
###chapter 26: Weldone Ammie
Amaris' POV 

      I was beginning to wonder if Caleb was actually human or if he was a demon sent from hell to ruin my life because how could someone be so cruel?! A sly grin spread across his face as he pushed himself off the table. "I'm pretty sure you can handle it." His tone dripped with sarcasm as I felt my blood pressure rising. He made his way towards the door, twisting the handle. "Oh and don't even think about taking a break until you're done." He added before slamming the door behind him. 

"Asshole," I muttered to myself watching him through the glass walls as he walked to his office. I wasn't going to give him the satisfaction of seeing me throw a fit. Never. A smile crept across my lips as I thought of the ways I could have my revenge. There was no way I was going to let myself get trampled on, I needed to get even with him, needed to make him pay. But definitely not today, there was no time for that. 

I was such here, forced to redo every single thing I spent hours working on all because of my stupid boss. Just the thought of having to go through the same pain I had earlier today or probably twice as much made my skin crawl and my tummy turn inside out. And to make matters worse, I have other things that I was meant to do today. Deadlines to meet, projects to complete, and here I am wasting my precious all because of him. 

"He wants me to work my ass off until I probably collapse doesn't he?" I muttered to myself as I wrapped my fingers around my mouse navigating through the screen. A mischievous grin spread across my face. "Don't worry, I'll give him what he wants." 

~~~~~~~~

    I got up from my desk, reaching up to stretch. God I need a massage. I pouted at the thought. I made a mental note to talk with Mia about going to the spa this weekend. I then glanced at the clock, surprisingly I had finished with just five minutes to spare before my break was supposed to start. I headed towards the door, ready to treat myself to a well deserved break. As I walked down the corridors, I started thinking about what I was going to pick when I got to the break room.

Should I have a soda or a latte? Or maybe a milkshake? I'm really in the mood for scones....or maybe croissants? But their doughnuts are pretty good.

I was so worked up about what I was going to pick that I didn't look where I was going till I collided with a huge brick wall....that was warm? I held my head about to look up and apologize when I heard a familiar voice. 

"Watch where you're going sweetheart." I froze as I felt the rough huge hands on my shoulders steadying me. I slowly lifted my head to meet his gaze and I couldn't believe my eyes. "What's wrong?" He asked with a worried expression on his face. 

"Mr. Beck?" I asked my tone laced with surprise and shock. I didn't expect to see him here. As I rubbed my head, my mind drifted back to the rock hard walk I felt earlier and my eyes dropped to his chest. He was wearing a well tailored suit perfectly embracing his broad shoulders, muscular arms and narrow waist. He was basically towering over me even though there wasn't much of a difference in our heights thanks to my heels. I couldn't help but imagine how I'd look standing next to him if I wasn't wearing heels. I watched his tall broad figure as our eyes met again. 

"What are you doing..." I paused looking around just in case anyone was watching. "....here?" It was as soon as the question left my lips that I realized how stupid I sounded. He was a friend of Caleb, of course it's perfectly normal for him to be around.

"I just dropped by to see Caleb, sorry Mr. Thorne." He drawled earning chuckle from me. He smiled, lifting his arms off my arms and that was when I realized he had been holding me this whole time. I found myself mourning the warmth of his hands on my arms as he added, "We had some....business we wanted to talk about." 

"Oh," I blinked. "Okay." I pursed my lips together not knowing how to reply to that. I just made this weird didn't I?

I think he noticed my uneasiness because the next thing he said was, "I'll be on my way now. I've got other important meetings I need to take care of." He adjusted his tie before sidestepping me. "Oh and try walking with your head up, so you don't bump into someone next time." His tone was dripping with sarcasm but in a good way. He waved at me before disappearing into the corridors.

I thought it was normal for billionaires to be harsh until I met Kian. He was the complete opposite of what I expected a friend of Caleb to be...nice, kind, charming. Okay, ignore the last part. I just pray some of his kindness runs off on Caleb, he really needs it. 

I had initially considered eating at the cafeteria which was crowded with my co-workers. I wasn't surprised though, I mean it was only normal, after all I wasn't the only person on a break. I glanced at the empty tables on one side of the hall before glancing at the other side tables that were occupied. You could hear the hushed chattering even from the corridors, if I wasn't going to be honest we did act like kids sometimes. I quickly pushed the thought of eating in the cafÃ© to the back of my head not because I was still angry at Caleb or anything but because I still had a long list of tasks waiting for me and I needed some alone time while I ate. I had to stay focused and keep the momentum going, who knows maybe I could finish one while eating. I picked up the snacks I had ordered and headed back to my office. I finally decided to have a strawberry milkshake accompanied by some steaming hot croissants and scones, I could have doughnuts tomorrow. 

I sat at my desk, savoring the sweet taste of my warm croissant and the refreshing zing of my drink. I noticed Caleb walk-in into my office causing everything in my mouth to lose its sweet taste. Great. I can't even have lunch in peace. I frowned dropping the half bitten croissant on the tray as I watched him scan the area as if he was looking for something....or rather someone. My instincts and self-consciousness kicked in, as I immediately wiped my mouth with the back of my hand, making sure my face was crumb and smudge free. 

I flashed a grin at him, my eyes sparkling with a glint of triumph, he was probably here because he'd thought I'd still be working on the files he deleted. "Can I help you?" My tone was sweet and innocent, but beneath the surface, I was daring him to try and get a rise out of me. Unfortunately for him his prank had failed but that didn't stop me from planning my revenge. He was going to pay for every head throb and eye sting. He narrowed his eyes into thin slits as he stated, "I suppose you managed to find time for a break." His tone was neutral and impassive but I could tell he was fuming with rage and annoyance and it was all because of me. Weldone Ammie, you've done a great job.
###chapter 27: I hate him
Amaris' POV 

      I was proud of myself, even though I hadn't carried out my plan I was able to get a rise out of him. Great job Ammie. "Yes, I did take a break." I responded courteously, my voice dripping with sweetness and my smile still firmly in place. 

"See...I knew you could do it." His voice was heavy with sarcasm, it was clear that he was trying to goad me but I wasn't going to give in. 

"Of Course I can do it," I said, sipping my milkshake. "That's the reason you hired me in the first place isn't it?" I flashed him a smile. For a fleeting moment, his expressionless mask cracked and a flicker of irritation crossed his face causing my grin to grow wider. He regained his composure swiftly switching back to his usual nonchalant demeanor. "It wouldn't be right if you hired an incompetent secretary right?" I pressed on. 

"Of Course not." His lips curled up. "It'd be terrible if I hired someone who couldn't do their job properly...." He paused and a few beats passed before he spoke again. "I've been thinking of what happened today and I have to admit that what happened was a result of my carelessness and I want to apologize for that." Am I dreaming? Surely I misheard him. Did he just say apologize? He has to be joking....this is some kind of trick...right? 

"I began to think of ways that we can prevent this from happening in the future so I came up with an idea...." Why do I have a feeling that I'm not going to like this idea? 

"What idea did you come up with, sir?" I drawled with a dull expression on my face. Whatever he was planning, I definitely wasn't going to like it. An amused glint flashed in his eyes as he spoke, 

"I'd like you to print out all the documents you've worked on for the past two months and then organize them in different files...alphabetically ofcourse." My eyes widened in disbelief as his words rang in my head. 

"What did you just say?" 

"Did I stutter?" His ever so sweet and innocent tone had switched to a cold and icy one which made me stiffen in my seat. Surely he didn't mean that....there's no way he would want me to print out all the documents I've worked on throughout my stay here. His face broke into a wide, snug grin when he saw the look on my face. "Don't you think it's a good idea? I mean if someone else repeats this mistake we won't have to worry because we already have all the files in hard copy." 

I clenched my teeth suppressing the urge to yell at him and curse him for being such a....such an ass. "It's a wonderful idea." I spoke through gritted teeth. 

"What was that?" He raised his eyebrows cupping his left ear as he leaned closer. "I didn't quite get that." 

Breathe. "I said....it's a wonderful idea." I said putting on my biggest smile. God this man pissed me off. He finally succeeded, didn't he? He got what he wanted. Just wait till I...

   Just then my thoughts were interrupted by my buzzing phone that vibrated on my desk. I picked it up, checking the Caller-ID. Mia? Why would she be calling me? I was about tapping the green icon on my screen when I remembered that there was someone else in the room. I raised my head, locking gazes with him as he stared at me. It was like he was waiting for me to pick the call so he could fire me or punish me. I didn't care about his punishment, my gaze dropped to my phone again, I was perfectly fine with whatever plans he had in store for me but as my thumb hovered over the green button I couldn't bring myself to answer.

 I could feel Caleb's glare burning my skin and I didn't even realize when I declined the call. I could already picture the confusion on Mia's face right now, I never declined her calls, even when I was working but all that had to change thanks to my stupid boss here. What if she was in trouble? What if those strange men came after her again? I know her dad said he was going to take care of them but I couldn't help but picture the worst scenarios in my head. I needed to get out of here, I needed to make sure that she was okay. I got up from my seat about to utter an excuse when Caleb's deep velvet voice pierced through the silence in the room. "Where do you think you're going?" He asked in a calm but dangerous tone as his palms remained clasped behind his back. 

My eyes flickered between the open door and Caleb before I answered, "I need to use the bathroom." My grip around my phone tightened causing my knuckles to turn white. 

"I don't think it's necessary for you to use the bathroom with your phone." He said in a neutral tone. "If you're worried about it getting stolen, I assure you that my workers here would never dream of engaging in such unethical behavior, but if you're so worked up about it, you can give it to me." He held out his palm, gesturing for me to hand over my phone to him. Was he actually being serious?! I only declined Mia's call cause he was right in front of me and now I wanted to leave so I could go call her back and he wouldn't let me?! 

"I don't..." 

"I said give it to me." He talked over me in a stern tone. When he saw that I was resisting, he continued, "I don't like repeating myself, Miss Carter." He clenched his jaw, still holding out his palm. He must have lost his mind if he actually expected me to hand over my phone to him. 

"I'm not comfortable with giving you my phone, sir." I drawled. 

"Do I look like I care?" He raised an eyebrow. We locked eyes in a battle for dominance, neither of us willing to look away or back down. "I'm going to give you two options..." He held out his fingers. "Either you hand over the phone so you can use the bathroom or you get your ass back on that chair and get to work." My cheeks heated up as I replayed his words in my head. Did I hear him wrong or did he just say ass? 

"What's wrong?" He said moving closer when he noticed the surprised look on my face, "You think I can't say the...." 

"Please don't." I raised my palm, cutting him off. *I don't think I'm prepared to hear him say that word again.* "I'll go back to my desk now." I turned on my heel as I tried to convince myself that the hot feeling on my cheeks was the weather's doing ignoring the air conditioner in the top right corner of the room, blasting at full power. 

I sat at my desk refusing to raise my head. I hated seeing that amused glint in his eyes. I stared at my laptop waiting for him to leave but he didn't, instead he just crossed his arms waiting for one of us to break the silence. I tried to ignore him. I really did, but I just couldn't take it anymore. "Aren't you going to leave? You're distracting me." That last part sounded perfectly normal in my head until it left my lips. 

His eyebrows shot up, it was more of an amused expression than a shocked one. "Ok..." He turned to the door. "I'll leave." Ugh! God I hate that man.
###chapter 28: You are not fine 
Caleb's POV 

     I don't think there's anything in this world that pleases me the way the annoyed look on Amaris' face does. I was surprised when she told me that she had completed the task that I assigned to her, I mean I knew she was good but I didn't know she was that good and fast. I guess I did a good job employing her. 

  Thank God I was able to come up with another grueling task to keep her busy. Printing out every file in the company's database, I let out a light chuckle. *What a joke* 

As I pictured her inner turmoil and frustration when she heard my request, I couldn't help but smile to myself. That's what you get for talking back, Miss Carter.

I truly did enjoy getting a rise out of her but what fascinated me even more was the look on her face when she heard me say ass. The way her cheeks heated up, the rosy tint spreading across her cheeks, 

Aren't you going to leave? You're distracting me.

Who would have thought that she would actually admit that she was distracted by me. I mean she always did put on that stupid act of hers like she was some tough woman...unfortunately for her I found out her little secret. Let's just see how long she can keep up the tough girl act. 

The thoughts were interrupted by the loud blaring sound coming from my phone. I stared down at the phone as it shook on the table. I always kept it on do not disturb. I didn't want my phone to start ringing in the middle of an important meeting, not that my subordinates would say anything about it but it wasn't quite....professional.

It was my mum, well she wasn't actually my real mother. She took Kian and I in when our parents died. She used to be our nanny back then when we were children but after the incident she decided to take us in and ever since then Kian and I had seen her like a mother to us. We always did everything in our power to make her happy but we knew deep down that we could never pay her for the things she had done for us. 

"Good day, mother." I greeted in a rather cheerful tone. When I was with Miranda, I let go of all the stoic expressions and icy tones and was just the normal cheerful boy she raised. "How are you doing?" 

"Caleb darling....oh I've missed you so much." I wasn't seeing her but I could practically picture her bright smile as she spoke. "You and Kian have completely forgotten about me, you boys don't care about me anymore." She huffed. Sometimes I used to forget how old she was because of the way she talked. Anyone listening to her right now would assume she was a 9 year old talking, reminding her uncle about the unfulfilled promises he made. 

"Come on mother....you know that there's no way I can forget about you." I grinned as I held the phone to my ear, relaxing in my leather chair. "I don't know about Kian though, these days all he does is work out at the gym." I said before we both burst out laughing. 

"Kian will never forget me." I could literally hear her rolling her eyes. 

"Oh....so Kian can't forget you but I can?" I spoke, raising my brows like she could see the expression on my face. It was more of a statement than a question. "Is that so?" 

"Someone sounds jealous." She let out a mirthful chuckle. 

"Of Course I'm jealous." I picked up the heavy ornate paper weight, my fingers tracing the rough uneven surface. Even till now I hadn't figured out what it was but that was what I loved about it. It was unlike any other one I'd seen with jagged edges and feel pits that looked like they'd been formed naturally over time. "You're picking sides now." 

"Oh honey, I'm not picking anyone's side. I'm just saying that Kian is the nicer one, that's all. Don't worry you're also better than him in other aspects." She reassured me. Just then I heard the sound of pots and pans clattering together as if someone had dropped them on the floor. 

"Where are you?" I sat up as my senses went into high alert, I knew that there'd be a chance that she was just I'm the kitchen but it's better to be safe than sorry. 

"I'm at home, dear. I know you love me, there's no reason for you to worry about me. I was trying to make something and the pots just slipped from my hands. It's no big deal." I heard her say. 

I exhaled letting out a breath I didn't know I was holding. "Are you hurt?" I asked as I leaned back into my chair. 

"Not at all my dear....I'm perfectly fine." She says before hacking into a fit of coughs causing me to sit up. 

"Did the doctor say anything that you were supposed to tell me?" I didn't have to beat around the bush asking her whether she went to the hospital or whether she's on medications. I already knew she was sick. 

"Relax Caleb.....it's just...." Her sentence was cut short by another fit of coughs. I immediately got up from my desk, dropping the paperweight back on the table. 

"Don't worry, we don't have to talk on the phone. I'm coming to see you." I picked up the necessary things from my table like my car keys and a few bundles of cash before heading out of my office. 

"No Caleb....you don't need to worry about me. I'm...." 

"You are not fine." I cut her off. "And you know perfectly well that there's no stopping me when I've already made up my mind." I walked into the elevator but before the door closed, someone else rushed inside. Oh God. Why did she have to be here? I was so busy being annoyed about the woman that came in  that I didn't notice the one behind me. Christ. If I ever make it to heaven I'm going to have a long talk with God about wrong timing.

"Goodbye I'll talk to you later." I felt guilty for hanging up on her and not giving her a chance to speak but I didn't have a choice not when this two women were in the same fucking place with me. I knew I should have taken my private elevator. The one standing behind me didn't even acknowledge my presence. She kept her gaze buried in the file she was holding. She was so engrossed in what she was looking at, I suspected she was making it a point not to look at me or even spare me a glance. A small smile crept up my lips before I turned back to the woman in front of me. 

It was no brainer that she jumped in when she saw me and now she's expecting us to talk, she probably noticed someone else in the elevator and that's why she was quiet right now. If any other person would have been in my shoes they would be definitely uncomfortable and disturbed by the deafening silence but that was none of my business. In fact I loved silence, I hated talking with people unless it had anything to do with business. Other than that, it was just a waste of time. Speaking of time I glanced at my wrist as the elevator opened....maybe if I hurry I'll be able to get there in 20 min. I thought to myself as I walked out. 

I could feel Amaris' questioning glare burning my skin as Kiara tailed behind me. Oh no. Don't tell me she was actually going to follow me now?
###chapter 29: Did he just say mother? 
Amelia's POV

    As I watched Kiara follow Caleb to his car, I couldn't help but feel a bit sorry for her. 

Oh, he's not letting me go anytime soon, He's in love with me.

Poor girl thinks Caleb's in love with her meanwhile to him she's nothing more than a freaking sex toy...someone who can satisfy his needs whenever he wants. How disgusting. They were a few files and information I needed to get from the reception. That's why I got into the elevator....I was so busy going through the documents in my hands that I forgot to press the button. When I saw him walk in with his phone in his ear I was a bit surprised. When I passed by his office earlier he was chatting with someone on the phone and he looked rather jovial and kind of human. 

You know that there's no way I can forget about you.

Of Course I'm jealous.

Are you hurt?

I tried to eavesdrop but I couldn't do that when the glass walls could give away my location immediately. Whoever he was talking to must have been someone very close to him. Another woman perhaps.....he seemed to be in a hurry to meet her though. But there's one thing I don't quite understand.....why didn't he take his private elevator? 

"Amaris...." Chloe called out to me. Chloe and I didn't spend much time with each other but we were acquainted enough to know some specific things about each other. "What brings you here?" She beamed at me from behind the counter. Her hands were still on her keyboard. She was probably working on something...well at least I knew that was one thing we had in common. Our Boss worked us both to the bones.

"Hey Chloe." I moved closer to the counter resting my hands on it. "What's up?" I sent a small smile her way. 

"Oh you know..." She waved her hand in the air before tucking a loose strand behind her ear. "....just work, work and..." She tapped her chin looking up like she was trying to remember something. "Oh how could I forget? Work." She said before we both burst out laughing but quickly covered our mouth to muffle our laughs as we looked around. No one was around except a few people who were just passing by.... everyone was in their office doing what they were supposed to do. If not, Caleb would probably murder them. 

"I just stopped by to get a few documents from you....that's all." I opened the file in my hands going through it again. "The one I have isn't quite complete....I need the document containing the list of business men that have invested in our company's business for the past two months." I stated when the confused expression formed on her face. 

"Oh...." Chloe's eyebrows shot up before they relaxed again. "That file." She opened a drawer below her searching through the stack of files. "Gimme a second." She pushed the drawer back in when she couldn't find it there and pulled out another. 

"Take your time." I nodded towards her before resting half of my whole weight on the counter. As I watched her search for the file my thoughts trailed back to the two people I saw heading outside. I turned towards the door and they weren't there anymore and so was Caleb's car. Guess they went together? I lifted a brow. I didn't really understand what was happening because a few minutes ago, Caleb was on the phone telling another woman (well I'm not quite sure) that he was jealous and asking her if she was hurt and now he let Kiara go with him to see her? Maybe they didn't know that Caleb was a two timer....too bad for them. They were probably one of those girls who didn't care how their boyfriends treated them as long as they were hot and paid for their bills. 

Ewww. I found myself wrinkling my nose in disgust. I could never date someone like Caleb. I mean that'll be the last thing I'll ever think of doing....

"Here it is." Chloe's cheerful voice pulled me out of my thoughts. "Sorry for making you wait so long." She flashed an apologetic smile at me but I smiled back telling her that it was okay. We ended up having a little chat before I left for my office, it was almost 6 pm and I was nowhere done with printing out the files and Caleb was also nowhere to be found. Well it was a good thing he wasn't here to bug me and make my life miserable, God knows what he'd have done if he was still in the office, maybe give me another demanding task. I wasn't able to finish printing them out so I decided to arrange them carefully in my drawers and start where I left off tomorrow morning. 

I kept mumbling a few prayers to myself hoping I didn't bump into Caleb on my way home. I was definitely in no mood to talk to him, I was already incredibly stressed and Mia was probably waiting for me back at the penthouse. Oh shit. Mia. I completely forgot to call her back when Caleb left. I reached into my bag keeping my eyes on the road as I searched for my phone. But just then her voice rang out, 

Don't forget to get a tub of ice cream on your way home.

"Oh yeah....the tub of ice-cream she wanted me to get her." I muttered to myself before swerving around a turn. I made a stop at Mia's favorite ice cream shop, it was a miracle that they were still open. Normally they'd be closed by now. I ordered her favorite flavor, a 1-pint carton of HÃ¤agen-Dazs Dulce de Leche Ice Cream. It was a  creamy blend of caramel and vanilla ice creams, with swirls of dulce de leche caramel throughout....just how she liked it and as for me...I decided to just go plain and simple like I always did and order a half gallon tub of vanilla and banana ice-cream. 

I was about heading to my car with the polythene bag in my hand when I heard a familiar voice. The hairs on the back of my neck stood still and just then my protective instincts kicked in. I quickly moved into my car, locking myself inside just in case something bad was about to happen. I heard the voice again just before I was about to start my car but this time it was a lot fainter than it was the first time which was perfectly reasonable since I was inside my car with all the windows rolled up. I glanced around trying to see if I could recognize anyone since the voice sounded so familiar but it was a bit dark so I couldn't see anything. A face lingered in the back of my mind but I kept shoving it away. There's no way he'd be in this side of town. He doesn't live around here. I thought. But somehow fate always came up with mysterious ways to play pranks on me and this time they chose to bring the last person I wanted to see into my neighborhood. Working with him for eleven hours straight wasn't enough right? 

"Come on Mother." Caleb emerged from the shadows with his hands resting behind his back, standing like he was waiting for someone behind him to catch up. Wait a minute....did he just say mother?
###chapter 30: What the hell was she doing here?
Caleb's POV 

    I ended up arriving at Miranda's house in 30 minutes instead, all because of that excuse for a woman, Kiara. I don't know how she did it but she got into my car and before I realized it we were heading towards Miranda's place together. She kept insisting that we go home and spend time together...that woman is delusional. I can't believe she actually thinks I'm in love with her. Me...love? Oh please.

I had to give her a bundle of cash before dropping her off at her place. She was still protesting when I drove off. A free ride home and free cash was more than enough from someone like me. The only reason I did all these things for her was because she came running whenever I called for her and as much as I knew that she only did that because she was freakin' obsessed with me....she still earned herself a little bit of respect. But there was still a part of me...a huge part of me that would have enjoyed throwing her out of my car the second she stepped her foot inside. 

"Caleb darling....you didn't have to come all the way here." She frowned, closing the door behind her as I walked in. "You have work and..." 

"It's okay." I talked over her. "I'm not complaining." I spun around facing her. I sized her up...her skin was pale and she had dark circles under her eyes. Her hair which she usually tied in a neat bun was disheveled. "What did the Doctor say?" I clenched my fists before relaxing then again as I watched her walk towards one of the sofas. 

"He didn't really say anything." She sat before she continued. "He just took my blood pressure and pulse and did our normal routine." She leaned back into the chair, relaxing her body. 

"What is your normal routine?" I questioned. I wanted to know everything that happened at the hospital, I didn't want her leaving any detail out. She seemed startled by my question before letting out a light chuckle. 

"Come on Caleb, there's no need to worry about me...I'll be fine." I was about to protest but she put up her finger, silencing me. "But since you want to know so badly I'll tell you. He also checked my weight and my height. Then he performed a physical exam....which as you know includes listening to my heart and lungs, examining my skin and eyes and checking for any more abnormalities. And there were none..." She drawled. "See like I've been telling you. I'm perfectly fine. There's no need for you to be here." She crossed her arms over her chest. 

A small smile crept up my lips as I mirrored her gesture. "So you're telling me there has to be a reason before I can come see my dear mother." I arched my brow playfully. 

She smiled getting up. "Now I didn't say that, did I?" 

"But you meant it, didn't you?" I narrowed my eyes into thin slits with a smile plastered on my face. 

"I'm going to go make something in the kitchen....you must be really hungry." She said switching gears. 

"Don't you dare change topics." I let out a mirthful laughter as I pointed at her. "I asked you a question." 

"And I'm asking you one right now." She said walking into the kitchen as I followed. "Are you hungry? Do you want me to make something for you?" She asked putting on her apron before pulling out her hair tie, letting her long dark hair which was peppered with white strands fall to her back. 

"If you keep staring at me like that I'll think you want to marry me Mr. Thorne." She drawled as the edge of my lips quirked up. 

"Trust me if it was possible I would have married you a long time ago." I leaned against the door frame as I watched her tie her hair in a tighter bun. She let out a loud laugh when my words reached her ears. She probably thought I was joking...but there was nothing the truth was I was dead serious about what I had just said. Throughout my entire lifetime on this earth I had never seen anyone as kindhearted and selfless as she was....even my own mother didn't even care about me enough to spend time with me. All she did was dump me in Miranda's hands leaving her to raise her own child. Not that Miranda didn't do a good job...in fact she did an excellent job, she took care of me, made sure I got all the love I deserved and never ever treated me like I was someone else's child but I had to admit it would've been nice if I got all that attention from my real mother. 

"Oh really." She said looking through the cupboards. Normally I wouldn't want to stress her in her condition but I was hungry and I did miss her cooking and it definitely wouldn't hurt if she just worked for a few minutes. "But Honey, you know you're supposed to settle down very soon." 

"Oh no." I sighed pinching between my brows. "Not this again." Miranda always kept pushing Kian and I to get married, telling us that she wasn't getting any younger. In order to please her and make her happy Kian started dating again even though the only thing he ever used women for was to satisfy sexual urges. On the contrary, I didn't even think of trying....yes I wanted to please her but I just couldn't. Especially when every woman in the world would only date you because of fame and money. How typical of them. 

"Caleb....don't tell me you're planning to remain single forever." She peered at me with a scrutinizing look in her eyes. 

"Ok then." I pushed myself off the wall walking towards her. "I won't tell you then." I picked up one of the kitchen knives and began playing with it while leaning on the counter while Miranda just shook her head before rolling her eyes. I watched her as she made dinner and I knew I missed her cooking but I didn't realize how much I missed her cooking until I tasted it. The several minutes of waiting in the kitchen with the delicious aroma wafting around and clogging my senses were definitely worth it. 

We sat in companionable silence before Miranda said she wanted to go for a walk so she could get some fresh air. I disagreed since it would be really stressful for her but she insisted saying it calms her down. And after a couple of frowns and glares I finally agreed to let her go for a walk on the condition that I accompany her. She didn't bother to protest since she knew I'd never let her go for a walk this late at night without protection. 

"Come on Mother," I said, taking a turn as I walked into the light. I had to walk twice as slow and she still struggled to keep up with me. Guess I have to walk even slower.

"My favorite ice cream shop is just around the corner." Her face lit up as I chuckled. Sometimes she really did act like a nine year old. 

"Ice cream? Aren't you too old to have ice cream?" I lifted my brow with a smirk on my face. 

She gave me a light push on my shoulder, "No one's ever too old to have ice cream, Caleb." 

"Mhmmm," I hummed, rolling my eyes. 

"Hey!! Watch where you're going you stupid woman!!" I heard a man yell from ahead of us. I jerked my head towards the direction his voice came from just Incase there was trouble and I needed to protect Miranda. 

"Don't you know how to drive!" He yelled again and that was when I noticed that his car had been hit by someone else who was trying to reverse. "Now look what you've done to my car!" I shifted my gaze from the annoyed man to the frightened woman in the car but I couldn't quite see her face since the street lamp reflected on her windshield. 

"I'm so sorry." My body stiffened at the sound of her voice. "I didn't mean to." I found myself cocking my head as I looked over the man's shoulder. Was that actually her? What the hell was she doing here?
###chapter 31: There's no way 
Amaris' POV 

   I needed to get out of here. I can't let him see me or even know that I was here. I turned the key in the ignition, cranking up the engine. I engaged the reverse gear and instead of looking behind me for other cars before reversing my car, I panicked and drove into another man's car. Oh shit, now he'll notice me for sure.

"Hey!! Watch where you're going you stupid woman!!" I heard a man from behind me. What are the odds that the car owner just had to be around when I made a dent in his car. Oh gosh. I turned to Caleb and I saw him looking in our direction with a confused expression on his face. Fuck! I cursed covering part of my face with one of my hands. 

"Don't you know how to drive!" I heard him slam his door as he marched towards me. I quickly put my hand down so I wouldn't look like I was hiding my face from him...that'll only cause more problems. "Now look what you've done to my car!" I watched Caleb out of the corner of my eye as the man yelled at me. He was trying to see my face but thank goodness the street lamp was reflecting on my windshield, I mean that's the only reason he hadn't reacted yet, right? There's no way he'd see me and still be standing there. He'll either go away, pretending he didn't see me or he'll move closer to join the man in yelling at me. 

"I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to." Caleb must have heard me apologize because he wasn't just looking in my direction. He was actually looking over the man's shoulder to see who was in the car....he didn't make it that obvious though. But I could still tell. I glanced at the ice cream in the polythene bag and hissed. I just hope the ice cream doesn't melt completely cause then we'll have to put it in the freezer and wait before we can even enjoy it. Ugh! And this is all this man's fault. I stared at the man standing in front of me....no it wasn't his fault. It was Caleb's fault, if he didn't appear out of nowhere with that woman by his side, I wouldn't have panicked and if I didn't panic I wouldn't have hit this poor man's car....which is what I would have used to refer to him if he was actually kind and considerate. Instead of listening to my apology he's still yelling at me. 

"Sorry won't fix my car, will it?" He raised his voice. People started gathering around asking what had happened. Oh no. This man's creating a scene.

"I know. It's just..." 

"I don't want to listen to your nonsense. Just send the money that I'll use to fix it to my account and all of this will be over..." I batted my lashes as I replayed his words in my head. Someone please tell me I heard him wrong. Did he just say money? ".....but of course if you have the amount in cash right now you can pay up." He held out his palm. Surely this man didn't expect me to pay for his car damage. I understand that I'm at fault and I apologized but pay? I glanced at Caleb and I saw his supposed mother saying something to him. I couldn't hear them because of the hushed whispers coming from the small crowd that gathered. He then wrinkled his nose in disgust before rolling his eyes and saying something back to her. I didn't need anyone to tell me that they were talking about me....I mean I was the only person around that could make him look that disgusted. For any other person, it would have been a bad thing but for me....it was the best. "I'm talking to you young lady! Don't ignore me." He growled, bringing my attention back to him. 

"Uh....look sir. I....I'm really sorry for the damage I've caused and I really wish I could pay you but...." 

"Didn't you hear me the first time...." He lifted his brow moving closer and I could smell the stench of alcohol. No wonder he was yelling so loudly and causing a scene, he was drunk. I glanced at the small crowd that had gathered one more time and I shrank into my chair. This is so embarrassing. "I said I don't want to hear your nonsense. Just give me the freaking money I asked for." He held out his palm again and I knew it was useless trying to reason with him in this state but I had to try . I wasn't with any cash here and I couldn't just send him money to fix his car....I didn't budget for this. I shifted my gaze as I tried to steal a glance at Caleb and his mother but he wasn't there. He must have left with his mother....well that was expected. It's not like I wanted him to stick around. Well at least he didn't come up to me and ask me about the work he assigned to me at the office. 

"But Sir....I don't have the money now..."

"Do I look I give a fuck about that? All I want from you...." He reached in wrapping his fingers around my window. "....is for you to pay me my money. Then we'll be even...unless you have something else in mind." He lowered his voice at that last part. Was he crazy?! Don't tell me this guy actually thought...I looked around to check if people had heard him but the small crowd that gathered had slowly begun to disappear and now the number of people gathered around weren't even up to ten. I'm screwed. This guy is crazy. He's actually demanding that I......have sex with him?! 

"What do you say, pretty face?" He leaned in closer. "No one has to know about this." He gave me the most disgusting smile ever and just thinking about what he said made me shudder. I was just about to hit him when I heard a familiar voice. "Hey buddy. What goes on..." I raised my head to meet a pair of dark orbs glaring at the man who had been yelling earlier. It was Caleb. He had the creepiest smile spread across his face as his eyes glinted with the urge to kill. Wait, what was he doing here? I thought he left earlier....and where's his mother? 

I shifted my gaze to the man who looked like he was in pain which I didn't quite understand because Caleb only had his hands crossed over his shoulders. "What gives..." He tried pushing off Caleb's arm from his shoulder. "...and who are you?" He turned to Caleb but in a split second Caleb yanked the man's head back so he could face me. 

"Shut your dirty mouth you bastard," Caleb growled, reaching for something in his sides but he had his back to the light so I couldn't see it. "Do you see that?" His smile widened. Wait....don't tell me he's been with a gun all this time. "If you move you die. If you speak you die. If you scream you die. If you breathe you fucking die. Do you understand?" Oh my God. There's no way Caleb actually means that....he's only kidding right?
###chapter 32: Why was she talking to Amaris? 
Caleb's POV 

"I don't want to listen to your nonsense. Just send the money that I'll use to fix it to my account and all of this will be over......but of course if you have the amount in cash right now you can pay up." Oh God. This man might just be the most foolish man I've met on this earth. Yelling at a woman to pay for the damage she made to his car? Oh wow. Why am I not surprised that they're actually men like this in this world. 

"Oh that poor girl's in trouble and that man's still yelling at her." Miranda frowned as she looked at worried Amaris who just sat still as the man yelled at her. She must have been so embarrassed. A small smile crept up my lips. "Can't you help her?" 

I scrunched my brows. "Help her?" I wrinkled my nose in disgust. "She's perfectly fine. She's not a poor girl, she's a vile beast. She's just putting on an act so the man would have pity on her." I rolled my eyes. "Apparently it's not working." I scoffed with a smirk.

 "I'm talking to you young lady! Don't ignore me." The man slammed his hand on the roof of her car. 

"Uh....look sir. I....I'm really sorry for the damage I've caused and...." 

"How do you know she's a vile beast and she isn't actually pretending like you say?" She narrowed her eyes into a thin slit with a sly grin spread across her lips. "Do you know her?" 

My eyebrows dipped into a frown as I glared at her. "Come on, let's go. You wanted to get ice cream, am I right?" I rested my arm on the small of her back gently pushing her. She didn't want to move at first but she ended up walking towards the ice cream shop. 

"So you do know her then." Her grin widened. 

"I don't know her." I drawled as my frown deepened. "She just works for me." I added. 

"Oh so she works for you and she's your girlfriend." She tapped her chin with a confused look on her face before smiling again. "That's nice." 

"She's not my girlfriend." I wore a bite expression. She'll never be my girlfriend....If I was ever going to date someone, I'd never date someone like her, she'll annoy me and piss me off every single day. Thank God the stupid dreams had stopped, I don't know what I would've done. 

"Okay if you say so..." She lifted her shoulders in a half shrug as she walked inside the ice cream shop. 

"But Sir....I don't have the money now..." I let out an exasperated sigh. Did she honestly have to be so loud? There are people around for fucks sake. At this point I couldn't help but I wish I didn't have such acute hearing. 

"Do I look I give a fuck about that? All I want from you....is for you to pay me my money, then we'll be even." I glanced at Miranda who was already ordering something and I was about to join her when I heard something that made me halt in my tracks. "...unless you have something else in mind." 

I turned and found him leaning in closer. Surely I misheard him, I glanced around and that was when I noticed that the people that gathered around earlier had dispersed. 

"What do you say pretty face?" That scumbag. How can someone act so....stupid? He's asking a woman to sleep with him, just because she made a dent in his car. "No one has to know about this." How disgusting. I glanced at Miranda one more time before brushing my hand against the side of my belt  making sure my pistol was in place. I moved as silently and quickly as I could and from the look on both their faces, I succeeded because they didn't even realize someone else was there until I spoke. Amaris had a disgusted look on her face while I suppressed the urge to punch the stranger in the face. I exhaled trying to calm myself down as I slid my hands over his shoulder. "Hey buddy. What goes on..." I added a cheery tone to my voice as I prodded his shoulder joint. There was a joint in the shoulder where the collar bone met the shoulder blade and if manipulated it pressed in a certain way it would cause pain and discomfort to a person. Many people knew it as the shoulder blade but it was actually called the acromion. A satisfied grin crept up my lips as I saw him wince in pain. 

 "What gives..." He tried to push my hand away. He was surprisingly weak for a man his size. Not that he was bigger than me though, compared to me he looked like a tenth grader. "...and who are you?" He turned his head to meet my gaze but I snapped his head back. There's no way I'd let a man as foolish as him look me in the eye. 

"Shut your dirty mouth you bastard," I was done pretending.  Let's just see how well he begs, then maybe just maybe I'll spare his life. I lifted my shirt showing him the pistol in my belt. "Do you see that?" There was nothing sweeter than the look in someone's eyes when they realized they messed with the wrong person. I fought the urge to laugh as I added more pressure to his shoulder but the look on his face as he tried not to make a sound cracked a smile out of me. "If you move you die. If you speak you die. If you scream you die. If you breathe you fucking die. Do you understand?" He stiffened as. He broke out in cold sweat. I'm sure Amaris would have found this funny too if she wasn't as scared as he was. "Now...." I took out the gun moving the muzzle down his chin as he tried not to move. I settled it on his neck as his throat bobbed with a hard swallow. The chances of anyone seeing me right now were slim but they weren't odd especially when Miranda would be done getting ice cream. I needed to make this fast. ".....apologize to the young woman." Never in my life would I ever think I'd be holding a gun to someone's throat threatening to kill him if he didn't apologize to Amaris....but here we were. 

"But Sir she...." 

"Are you talking back?" I lifted a brow loading the pistol as I added pressure, pushing it even harder to his throat. "Surely you have family members who don't want to see your corpse at their doorstep right?" 

"I'm sorry...." He blurted out. "I'm sorry I caused trouble for you ma'am. I completely understand that none of this was your fault. I was clearly the one who wasn't paying attention. I'm deeply sorry." 

"I...." Amaris was about to say something when I cut her off. 

"Good boy." My eyes danced with a malevolent glint. "Shall we..." I gestured to his car as I hid the gun in my belt again. I escorted him to his car still adding pressure to his shoulder blade. I then took the keys from him and opened the door before throwing him into the car. 

"Now listen to me very carefully." I grabbed his collar, pulling him out through the car window. "If I ever see you doing this to any other woman ever again..." I tightened my grip on his shirt. "You won't leave to see the next day, understand?" I pushed him back into his seat before throwing his keys at his face. 

"I understand." He nodded frantically and I glared at him with a disgusted look on my face before turning to the ice cream shop. I looked through the glass walls but Miranda wasn't there. I glanced around reaching for the gun in my belt but paused when I saw Miranda standing beside Amaris' car with two ice cream cups in her hands and she was talking to.....Amaris?
###chapter 33: Is that how you say thank you?
Amaris' POV 

    As I watched Caleb lead the stranger to his car, I didn't even realize when I let out a sigh of relief. For a second there I actually thought Caleb was going to end someone's life in front of me. I mean I knew he was a killer....he was known as the Cold hearted Tycoon for crying out loud ofcourse he killed people but after what I had to go through after watching my father die right in front of me....I didn't want to go through it ever again. 

I tried to stop myself from taking a peek but it was just not possible. What if Caleb was actually hurting him? Or worse....what if he locked him in his car to suffocate or what if he shot him and left him there to die. I looked out my window craning my neck but I almost fell out of my car when I heard an elderly woman's voice. 

"Be careful dearie....unless you're going to hurt yourself." I turned to find a woman, probably in her fifties standing with two cups of ice cream in her hands. Her dark hair which was peppered with white strands were tied in a neat tight bun. 

"Oh there's no need for you to worry about me." I put my head back in, pulling the door handle before pushing it open. "I'm fine." I pushed myself out of the car as I smiled at her. 

"You should be worried about yourself....it's cold out here....and you're having ice-cream?" I let out a light chuckle. "Isn't that bad for you?" A confused smile spread across my lips. 

"You know my son said exactly the same thing...." She grinned. "But I never listen to him." She waved her ice cream in the air like she was shooing away her son's comment. "Speaking of Caleb....where is he?" 

Caleb? Caleb was her son? I knew Caleb was with his mom but I couldn't see her face because of the light. She was actually Caleb's mother wow....how could a nice and caring woman raise.....that? I turned to where Caleb stood and he leaned against the stranger's car and it looked like he was....strangling him?

Oh shit. I couldn't let his mother see that. 

"Uh....Caleb? Who's Caleb?" I chuckled weirdly running my hands through my hair. 

"You don't have to pretend....I know you guys know each other....." I stiffened as my eyebrows shot up. Caleb actually told his mother that we knew each other? Come to think of it....why was he even helping me in the first place? I'm already indebted to him and he's still helping me? I'm not even sure I can pay back for last time and now he's helping me again? I frowned. I'm sure this was his plan....he probably realized that he wasn't supposed to let such a golden opportunity slip away when Mia and I asked him to help us back at our old place so he jumped at the opportunity to help me again so I'll be even more indebted to him.

"Caleb told me..." I took one of the ice cream cups from her since I noticed she was struggling to hold them both and eat her ice cream. "...don't worry, he didn't tell me about you guys' little secret." 

"Little secret?" 

"Whose little secret?" A foreign voice interrupted our conversation. "And what are you doing with my ice cream cup?" He frowned, snatching the cup from me. 

"Hey! I was just holding it and I didn't know vicious creatures like you actually eat ice cream." I crossed my hands over my chest lifting my chin in defiance. I was planning on thanking him but after the way he acted he was definitely not getting a thank you from me. 

"Did you just call me vicious?" He lifted his brow up before narrowing his eyes into venomous slits. 

"Oh sorry...." I added a rather cheery infection to my voice. "....I meant to say I didn't know cold hearted tycoons eat ice cream." A smirk crept up my lips as his scowl deepened. 

"Is that how you choose to speak to your boss?" His brows furrowed. 

I gasped looking around. "I don't see my desk anywhere." I then planted my hands on my hip as I frowned at him. "If you're planning to fire me I suggest you go ahead." I raised my chin higher. "You'll be doing both of us a favor." I shifted my gaze to Caleb's mother who just stood there stuffing her face with ice cream as she watched the scene unfold. If I was actually going to be honest she did remind me of my own mother. I made a mental note to check on her later. It's been ages since we spoke. 

"Mrs. Thorne." I nodded towards her before getting into my car. She flashed me a huge smile before waving. 

"Is that how you say thank you?" Caleb growl pierced the silent night. 

A few beats before I answered his question. "Oh wow." I let out a small laugh as I relaxed my hand on my steering wheel. "So you do have feelings....I thought you weren't going to give a fuck if I thanked you or not." The color drained out of his pupils as he glared at me. "But...." I trailed off tapping my chin as I looked upward. "....you did go out of your way to get me out of that mess even though I didn't quite understand how that was going to benefit you....so I guess you deserve a thank you." I fired up my engine putting on my seat belt. 

"I didn't hear you say thank you." I turned to him, sizing him up. This was the first time I saw him doing something that was close to begging and I had to admit it was kind of amusing. 

"Well I just did....and if you didn't hear me then you should probably get your ears checked." I smiled at him with my eyes closed before returning my gaze to the dark road, switching on my headlights. I hated driving at night....it wouldn't have been so dark if that stupid man didn't stop me earlier. Ugh! This was all his fault.....and Caleb's fault too. My throat bobbed with a nervous swallow as I tightened my grip on my steering wheel. 

"You're afraid of the dark." I heard him say, causing me to snap my head towards him. An amused glint flashed in his eyes. I thought I was the one annoying him tonight....why did he always have to be so.... infuriating.

"I am not afraid of the dark." I rolled my eyes, frowning. 

"It's written over your face. Don't worry I'm not a *gentleman* so I won't offer to drive you home. You can enjoy the rest of the evening yourself." He said before turning to his mum. "Come on mother....it's getting late..." he looked up at the dark sky. "....and cold." He added. "You should be in bed right now." 

Caleb's mother looked like she was about to protest but she just walked behind him instead waving at me again and I didn't even realize when I smiled at her again. She really did act like a child. I watched them as they walked into a dark street....the narrow dark path enveloping them, making them vanish out of sight. 

I then muttered a few prayers to myself shifting my car out of park and entering the road. I was sure Mia would have called me a thousand times by now but there was no need to text or call her neck right now since I was already going home. I glanced at the Ice cream in the passenger seat. The ice cream must have melted by now but that's okay. I smiled in my head as I pictured the expression on Mia's face when she heard about everything that happened tonight. I let out a light laugh. "She's definitely going to freak out."
###chapter 34: That was a mistake 
Caleb's POV 

       Sometimes I couldn't help but wonder if the Kian I knew right now was the same Kian I grew up with. I didn't understand why he was still so nice to people after all that shit we went through to survive as kids. I couldn't even believe he could do such a thing as let one of my employees live in his penthouse for a 75% discount just because one of them was my fucking secretary. 

     No wonder she was in that part of the city that late at night. Even with the amount  I pay her, I knew that there was no way she'd be able to afford to live there. I'd planned to have a long conversation with Kian but I never really got the time....I'd been busy with meetings and negotiating contracts. I couldn't leave them for that thankless wretch to handle....he knows, she might just yell at them till they give her what she wants. 

"Kian..." I nodded towards him as I walked into his office. He was surprised to see me. I didn't inform him that we were coming so I guess that's understandable. The confusion on his face contorted into a welcoming smile as he dropped his pen before leaning back in his chair. 

"Caleb....what brings you to my office?" He asked, gesturing around. While it was almost normal for Kian to pop into my office like it was his bedroom, I rarely visited Kian in his office mainly because he was mostly at home or the gym leaving his personal assistant to handle everything for him. Again....another horrible mistake, but will he listen to meno.

I ignored his questions as I strode to the leather chair opposite his and made myself comfortable. It wasn't until I was relaxed in the chair that I spoke, "I wanted to talk about the discount you gave to one of my employees at your penthouse." I crossed one of my legs over the other. 

"Discount? Oh you're talking about your secretary...and her best friend." He smiled. I didn't say anything. I just waited for him to speak again. "Well she's your secretary and a friend of yours is a friend of mine." 

"She is not my friend." I corrected him.

"You saved her best friend from dying just because she begged you over the phone." He sat up, clasping his hands together. "That's more than enough reason to declare her your friend." I rolled my eyes letting out an exasperated sigh. 

"I didn't do it for free." I wore a dull expression on my face. 

"Uh huh," a sly grin crept up his lips. "How much?" 

"Wow....is that really what you think of me?" I let out a light chuckle. "Do you think I'd stoop so low? That I'd actually collect money from a woman....trust me even if I wanted to she wouldn't be able to pay up." 

He then leaned back into his chair. "So then you asked her to have sex with you?" He crossed one of his legs over the other mirroring my position. His smile widened when I let out a low growl. "I mean it's the only reasonable explanation....you were the one who was lusting after her after all...."  

"That was a mistake...." I snapped making him peer at me with a questioning look on his face. A terrible mistake. I didn't even understand why I had those stupid dreams about her in the first place. "There's no way I'd stoop that low," I repeated. "Having sex with Amaris Carter?" I wrinkled my nose in disgust as I glanced around his office with an exasperated look. The expensive paintings hung on the sparkly white walls. The curtains were spread out revealing a wonderful view of the skyline. 

"Okay then..." He spoke his voice heavy with sarcasm. "If you didn't have sex with her then how did she pay you?" He crossed his hands over his chest leaning back even further. 

"She hasn't." I stated and his neutral expression contorted into confusion. 

"She hasn't?" His eyebrows dipped in a frown. "And you helped her again?" He raised his brows. Even I didn't understand why I had helped her that night maybe because that man disgusted me and I wanted to teach him a lesson or maybe because no matter how hard she tried to hide it I knew she was frightened by that man but she couldn't do anything about it and I hated it when men tried to force themselves on women. 

"Now she owes me two favors which I'll save for later, that is." I told him. 

"Wow..." He let out a light laugh. "You really can't help someone without asking for something in return, can you?" 

"Isn't that the point of helping people? So one day they can return the favor?" My face contorted into a mask of disgust. 

"You're never going to have a heart, are you Caleb?" He scoffed. A smug smile crept up my lips. Having a heart only made you weaker. I'm a man who's made a name for himself by being ruthless, by getting the job done no matter what it takes. I've got a reputation for being merciless, for leaving a trail of destruction in my wake. And the surprising part is I'm incredibly proud of it. I'm a man who's had blood on his hands, who's been called every name in the bookdemon, devil, monster. But I don't let it faze me. 

"Do you think I would have gone this far if I had a heart," I let out a deep chuckle. "Do you think we..." I gestured towards him before pointing at myself. "....would have been alive if I had a heart?" He paused for a while to think about what I had just said.  

"Pretty much," he nodded with a small smile. "I mean surely we would have given it second thoughts blowing people's brains off...." 

"Keep lying to yourself." I rolled my eyes and when I returned my gaze back to him I found him smiling....at me. With his arms resting on the table and his chin resting on hands. "Why are you looking at me like that?" I furrowed my brows. "Stop that. It's creepy." I averted his gaze. 

He let out a pent up sigh. "Guess I'll just have to wait longer then." He clasped his hands behind his head before leaning back again. Wait longer? What the hell did he mean by that? 

I arched my brow as my eyes flickered between the window behind him and his smiling face. "What the fuck are you talking about?" 

"Till you fall in love with some random girl and then all of this...." He gestured around me. "...will be history." 

This time I let out a loud chuckle and I was laughing uncontrollably for what seemed like eternity. I didn't know if my laughter was contagious or not but I found Kian holding back his smile as he gave an exasperated eye roll. "Me?" I asked, placing my hand to my chest when my laughter had died down. "Falling in love?" I scoffed. "With a woman?" I let out another laugh before my face contorted into an expressionless mask, so quick it took Kian a few seconds to catch up. It was surprising that after all these years Kian hadn't gotten used to my quick change in demeanor. "You must be joking." I scowled. 

Falling in love with a woman was one thing I knew that was never going to happen to me. Women were blood sucking demons who brought nothing but trouble. Sure they were very fun to play with and most of them knew how to satisfy men really well but other than that....they were completely useless, a waste of time. "Okay....if you say so." His smug smile never wavered. Oh I know so.
###chapter 35:  They're even better than before. 
Amaris' POV 

    I pulled over in the courtyard staring at the familiar neatly trimmed boxwood hedges outlining the property and vibrant hydrangea bushes adding a burst of color to the walkway. I told myself that I was going to call my mum so we could catch up later but nothing was better than seeing her face to face and giving her a tight hug. 

"Grab everything?" I turned to Mia as I got down from the car. She also wanted to see my mum since it had been a while and decided to tag along. I had already given Caleb a two weeks notice before today and he surprisingly gave me a day off. He had been unusually generous lately in the most unexpected ways and it was beginning to be concerning but I'd worry about that later. Right now....I just wanted to spend time with my mum. 

"Yeah.." Mia nodded as she stepped down from the car. Mia had a car too but she didn't like driving so she just tagged along with me if I was going in the same direction with her or took a cab. I suggested selling her car but she blatantly refused saying that her dad was going to murder her if she sold her car. I also had other suggestions in mind like letting me drive her car but that'd wait until we got back home. 

After we slammed the door shut and mounted the small flight of stairs we found ourselves on the porch standing in front of the door. We exchanged glances since none of us made the first move and decided to knock. I hadn't told my mum I was coming so she was probably in her room sleeping or in the kitchen making something or who knows....maybe she wasn't even at home. 

The chances were slim though but I had to admit the house was eerily quiet, as though the very air itself was holding its breath. If I didn't grow up here, I would have sworn that we were at the wrong house. Mia nodded towards the door as she held her purse in her hands. "It's your house." She was right. It was my house. It was only normal that I was the one to do the knocking. It's not like I had some stupid falling out with my mother anyway so there was nothing to be worried about and yet why did my heart skip two beats as the door inched open with a low creak. 

"Cassie!" My jaw slightly dropped as I threw my arms around my little sister. She wasn't supposed to be home until next week so I hadn't expected to see her here. I could tell she was also shocked to see me because it took her a few seconds before she returned my hug. 

"Ari?" She lingered in the hug securing her arms around my waist before she slowly pulled away. "What are you doing here?" She asked with a confused smile. Her gaze then shifted to Mia. 

"I should be asking you that." A laugh rumbled in my chest. 

"Mia!" She threw her arms around her as Mia returned the hug. "It's been so long." She let out a low giggle. 

"Cassie? What the hell is going on over...." Mum stopped in her tracks when she saw Mia and I standing at the door. Her fingers were still wrapped around the stair rails when a smile slowly spread across my lips. 

"Hey mum." I waved beaming at her. 

Her mouth dropped open but it didn't stop her from smiling as she walked down the stairs. "Ari? Is that you?" She closed the distance between us. 

"Flesh and blood." I spread out my arms ready for a hug. A soft moan left my lips as I inhaled her familiar scent again. She smelt like jasmine and lavender, a delicate fragrance that was as gentle as her demeanor. 

"How long has it been?" She pulled away....her pretty smile still plastered on her lips. 

"Three months I think?" Cassie's voice rang from behind me. I tapped my chin looking upwards. Was it up to three months? Or was it more than that? Whatever it was, it didn't matter right now because we were together again. 

"Pretty much I guess." I shrugged my shoulders. 

"Mia...." Mum's smile widened when she spotted Mia behind Cassie. "Oh my gosh, I didn't see you there." She moved towards her, enveloping her in a warm hug. 

"It's okay, Mrs. Carter." She pulled away after letting the hug linger for a few moments. "This...." She gestured around us. "....is not my moment." 

"What do you mean it's not your moment?" Mum said, giving her a small shove on her shoulders. "And you..." she turned to Cassie. "Why didn't you tell them to come in?" She said opening the door wider. 

"I was going to." She whined, planting her hands on her waist. "But we were so caught up in the hugging and the...." 

"Excuses, excuses." Mum let out an exasperated sigh as she rested her hands on the small of our backs pushing us inside gently. 

"I'm not giving excuses." She spread out her arms as her brows dipped into a frown. I wasn't even home for up to ten minutes and I was already reminded of the old days. My lips twisted into a sad smile as I imagined how things would have been if our father would have been here. Mum was pregnant with Cassie when he passed away so Cassie didn't get to meet him. I wondered how she must have felt....never meeting your father...all because of some stupid thugs. 

"Hey...what's wrong?" Mia gently shoved my shoulders pulling me out of my thoughts. Mum had gone into the kitchen to get us something which I guessed was one of her signature recipes from the delicious aroma wafting around the house, a delicious reminder of the love and comfort I'd been missing. 

"Nothing. What makes you think something's wrong?" I asked, trying to play dumb. 

"Don't act smart with me." She whispered pointing at me. Cassie had also followed mum into the kitchen so it was just the two of us in the living room but Mia still decided to speak in hushed tones. "I know when you're hiding something." She was right, sometimes it helped and sometimes it didn't. No matter how hard I tried to cover up the truth she'd always find out....I guess that was why she was a detective and being her best friend meant I had to suffer all of that. 

"Don't worry," I batted her hand away. "We'll talk about it later." She frowned. We were definitely not talking about it later. And she knew that but she just decided to let it go since mum and Cassie were already coming into the room with silver trays in their hands. The heat rose in waves wafting away from the freshly baked cookies. The aroma of the vanilla and chocolate chips was both soothing and appetizing. Memories of Mum, Cassie and I in the kitchen covered in floor while we laughed our hearts out flooded my mind and I couldn't stop the fuzzy feeling in my heart from spreading. 

"Here....have some." Mum dropped the tray on the coffee table in the center of the living room and Cassie followed. Mia and I both grabbed a cookie from the tray, taking a huge bite as we munched on it together. 

"Mmmm," a satisfied moan left our lips as we slumped into the couch. 

"So good." Mia's voice came out in muffled tones as she spoke with the cookies still in her mouth. 

"They're even better than before." I grinned, earning two bright smiles from both mum and Cassie. 

"I knew you'd like them." Mum said as Cassie reached for a cookie and mum batted her hand away.

"Hey....I helped in making them too." She whined. 

"You've had enough cookies for today." She frowned at her as she pouted. The room was silent for a while before we all bursted into laughter. I hadn't realized how much I had missed my mum until now. I was always so busy that I didn't have time to visit but now....I was going to enjoy every second of it.
###chapter 36: What was she doing here? 
Caleb's POV 

       I didn't quite understand what was happening to me. I'd never been this bored in my whole life. Surely it had nothing to do with the fact that Amaris took a day off to go visit her mother....but I couldn't shake off the empty feeling inside of me. I had tried bossing other people around giving them useless demanding tasks but it wasn't as fun as getting Amaris riled up. They just nodded their head and complied immediately....none of them put up a fight like she did. None of them glared at me like they were going to empty a gun in my head if they had the chance. No. I can't be missing that brat. I'd just gotten used to seeing her annoyed face everyday so that's why today felt kind of odd. Yes....that's exactly what happened. 

   My eyes wandered around my office before resting on the wall clock. 4:17. I could leave if I wanted to, after all...I am the boss but I didn't feel like leaving. I felt like I hadn't accomplished anything today which was the complete opposite because I had closed deals with investors and other business partners that are major shareholders in my company and I had also attended a conference earlier today with the purpose of building my relationship with other companies and explored potential partnerships and I'll have to admit....it didn't go so bad. At least the people there weren't nosy business men and the most important one of all was we finally finished one of our new products that we were going to be launching next week which was going to be a big revenue generator for me. 

So then....why did I feel so...

My thoughts screeched to a halt when an idea dropped in my head. A smug smile spread across my lips as I pushed myself off my leather chair. I picked up my phone heading towards the door as I straightened my suit. 

"Finally...." I said wrapping my hands around the door handle before pushing it open. "...a distraction. Something I can use to pass time." I said out loud walking into Amaris office. She usually locked her office but since I had the key to every room in this building it wasn't a problem. 

I found myself inhaling her familiar vanilla scent as I closed the door behind me. Even while she was gone her scent lingered in her office. I shook my head rolling my eyes as I approached her desk. I wasn't looking for anything in particular though....I just wanted to go through her desk and see if I could find anything that would spark my interest. Some people might see this as an invasion of privacy but how could it be an invasion of privacy if you practically owned the place. 

I searched through her desk seeing if I could find anything but all I saw was lots of folders and different documents. I reached deeper into the drawer careful enough not to wreck anything so she wouldn't know that I was here and even if she did she won't be able to do a fucking thing about it. My fingers closed around a cold wooden substance and I pulled it out. There in my hands was a framed photo of Amaris and two other women, one older and one younger. The picture looked like it was taken a few months ago or probably a year since Amaris looked a little younger than she was now. 

The older woman standing by her right from the looks of it was probably her mother since Amaris looked a lot like her and the younger girl standing by her left was likely to be her little sister judging from the way Amaris wrapped her hand around her. It was surprising though, she looked nothing like them....she probably looked like her father. Come to think of it....where is her father? Is he dead? 

I dropped the photo back in the drawer and searched for something else. When I didn't find any I moved to the filing cabinets in the corner and I still couldn't find anything. I guess she was more boring than I expected. I moved back to her leather chair about to sit on it when I saw a photo on the floor....it wasn't framed this time. It must have fallen from one of the folders earlier.

I picked it up, flipping it over revealing a beaming younger Amaris, her smile radiant and her eyes sparkling with mirth and behind her was a guy who looked a bit older but not old enough to be her father....probably her brother? No. If he was her brother he would have been in the other picture. Maybe he wasn't just around when they took it. 

My eyes dropped to his arms that were wrapped around her. He stood behind Amaris and he was a bit taller so he had to bend over a little so he rested his chin on her shoulders. The position looked too intimate for him to be her brother, their bodies were too close and his lips were too close to her neck as a matter of fact he was basically giving her a peck on her neck. I couldn't really see his face since her hair got in the way but I could tell that his eyes were closed. I felt something rise in my chest as I stared at the picture. Why the hell was she keeping this in her office? I was about crumpling the photo when I heard the door swing open. 

"There you are...." Kiara tapered off as her gaze dropped to the photo in my hand, she then lifted her eyes again meeting mine. "What are you doing?" She asked. 

"It's none of your business." I locked eyes with her as I reached for the drawer pulling it out before placing the photo back inside. I didn't care if Amaris knew I was here....what I wouldn't is Kiara knowing I was looking through her stuff. I couldn't bear to listen to her series of questions. 

She stiffened at my tone before a smug smile crept up her lips. She then moved forward, closing the distance between us. "What do you want?" My lips twisted into a scowl. 

She circled the table and stood less than an inch away from me before answering. "You." She trailed get finger down my chest. I was getting sick of her....she wasn't as fun to play with as she was before. I needed a new mistress.....with a much tighter pussy. One who was going to do everything I say like she did. No questions asked. 

I didn't say or do anything other than lift my brow. She must have gotten used to that reaction because the next thing I knew, I was sitting on the chair. "What are you doing?" I asked with a bored expression. I knew exactly what she was doing or rather what she was about to do and I wasn't the type to protest in this type of situation unless I was angry or wasn't in the mood. Maybe I'll just give her one last chance before I dispose of her. 

"What does it look like I'm doing?" She said in a sultry manner as she straddled my lap. She didn't excite me like she used to....another reason to dispose of her. She wrapped her hands around my neck as she buried her face in my neck peppering light kisses on my collarbone. I was waiting for my hormones to kick in but still nothing. She began moving her hips up and down as she rocked me and my body reacted almost instinctively as my arms encircled around her waist but my hormones hadn't kicked in yet. Her wet lips moved from my neck following my jaw line before finding my lips. She must have thought that I was enjoying this but the truth was..... 

"What the freaking hell?!" A familiar voice rang out and Kiara's head snapped towards the door. I couldn't see who was at the door thanks to Kiara's flowing hair. I had to tilt my head to the left before I locked gazes with a pair of blazing hazel eyes glaring at me. What the fuck was she doing here?
###chapter 37: What the hell was he thinking about?
Amaris' POV 

"What do you mean you forgot something at the office?" Mia frowned, finally lifting her gaze from her phone as my eyes still remained fixed on the road. We were just returning from mum's place after spending most of the day catching up. We literally talked about everything...well not everything, we definitely couldn't tell them that we were kidnapped a few weeks ago unless they'll start overreacting. 

While Mia and I talked about work, Cassie talked about school and how she was trying her best to maintain her good grades since she was graduating really soon. Mum also told about how the family business had been doing well recently and we were all really glad to hear that. We were sad the day had to come to an end...we all had our own lives now. We were all adults with our own responsibilities, and we couldn't just do anything we liked without considering the possible consequences though we ended up coming up with an agreement. We decided that we should meet at least once every two months so we can catch up.....the day wasn't even over and I was already looking forward to our next visit. 

"It's my favorite lipgloss." I lifted my shoulders in a half shrug. 

"And you want to go back?!" Mia's eyes bulged. 

"Mia relax....." I let out an exasperated sigh. "We literally have to pass that route before we head home so it's a win-win. I get my lipgloss back and we get home on time."  

"Just know you have to be quick about it." Mia grumbled as the car halted sharply and pulled into a space right in front of the company. 

"I will be quick about it." A laugh rumbled in my chest as I closed the door shut. 

"Hey Chloe," I waved at Chloe before stepping into the mirrored elevator, my reflection following me as I punched in the number for the floor which my office was on. The door slid shut and I felt the hum of the elevator as it smoothly lifted me upward. As I glanced at the window, I couldn't help but frown as I thought about the possible scenarios that could play out once I reached my floor. Caleb's office was also on my floor and the last thing I wanted was to bump into him but as usual the gate was always so cruel to me so I wouldn't be surprised if I actually bumped into him. 

As the elevator reached my floor I scrolled out approaching the door to my office with the key in my hands. I didn't want to bring my purse when I just needed my key...it's not like I was going to spend up to a minute here. I was about to place the key in the lock when I noticed something odd. The door.....wasn't locked. Why was the door not locked? I always remembered to lock it whenever I was leaving. 

I wrapped my fingers around the door handle, still confused and was about to push it open when I heard hushed noises coming from inside the office. The fuck? I lifted a brow pushing the door open. My eyes wandered around before resting on two familiar bodies....on my freaking chair? I couldn't see their faces since the woman was facing away from me and she also blocked the man's face but her long brown curls gave away her identity.

"What the freaking hell?!" I wrinkled my nose in disgust as I moved forward, closing the distance between us. "Are you two fucking kidding me?!" I slashed my hand through the air. I opened my mouth to speak again but no words came out....everything was just so...so...I didn't even know what word to describe whatever was happening here. "In my office..." I raised my brows still trying to process the drama unfolding before me. "There was no other place for you two to make out so you had to do it in my. Freaking. Office?!" I squinted my eyes, shaking my head slowly. I was the one speaking but I was still the confused one....none of this was making any sense. I glanced at Kiara who scurried off Caleb's lap with an apologetic look on her face before shifting my gaze to the man who probably planned all of this to piss me off. He had a smug expression on his face as he sat on my chair with his legs spread out. What an asshole?

I let out an exasperated sigh as I glanced around. "Look Mr. Thorne..." I drawled planting one of my hands on my hips. I didn't care what I called him anymore....at this point he was just crossing boundaries and invading my privacy and it was so fucking annoying so yeah....if he didn't want me to call him Mr. Thorne...that was exactly what I was going to call him. "I understand that you hate me..." I began. "...and I can assure you that the feeling is incredibly mutual." I said lifting my chin an inch higher. I could've sworn I saw the corners of his mouth lift up, but he flattened them down so fast I wasn't sure anymore. 

"But this...." I gestured towards Kiara. "....this is just wrong and..."

"What makes you think I care?" He asked, lifting a brow as he crossed one of his legs over the other....on my freaking chair. God, someone give me a knife.

I gritted my teeth before exhaling. "Well Mr. Thorne..." I spoke in a rather cheery tone as I walked closer to my desk, resting my arms on them. "I know you don't care about what I think..." I said picking my lipgloss from my desk organizer. I twisted it between my fingers as I raised it to the light. I then dropped my arm to the table. "...I mean if you did care about me I'd be incredibly disgusted." A smile crept up my lips as his grimace deepened. I had to admit pissing him off did make me happy. 

"I'm sure you would." He said with a dull expression. 

"Amaris..." Kiara called and I shifted my gaze to her. "I'm really sorry about...all of this." She pressed her lips together. "I mean...we were just caught up in the moment and..." My attention began to drift away as I tuned out her words. Did she just say we? I spun my head around meeting Caleb's piercing gaze and for some reason I suddenly felt self conscious but I didn't show him that I just averted his gaze as casually as I could, just in time to hear the last part of Kiara's apology. "...and for that I'm really sorry." 

"It's okay... I'm not mad that you two are making out," the words lingered in my tongue and I couldn't help but shudder at the thought of it. "You just...you can do it anywhere else okay? This is my personal space." I told her. I was surprised that Caleb wasn't saying or doing anything to annoy me. I mean he just sat there staring at me with an inscrutable expression on his face. What the hell was he thinking about?
###chapter 38: Why was he here? 
Amaris' POV 

    I still couldn't understand why Caleb was staring at me like that. Was there something on my face? Was he pissed? Was he thinking about something else? I was about saying something when our whole showdown was cut short when the door swung open revealing a frowning Mia. 

"I thought you said you were going to be quick about it." She spread her arms out as she walked in. A flicker of curiosity and confusion flashed in her eyes as they swept across the office, first Kiara, then Caleb before finally resting on me. Her brows drew together as she gave me a questioning look and I blinked slowly. As usual she got the hint....that was one of the reasons I loved her....we could communicate without even speaking. She knew I was going to tell her about it later so there was no need to press on. 

"See...even she knows you're not supposed to be here." Caleb's deep voice pierced through the silence and I snapped my head towards him. He got up from the swivel chair with a stoic expression. What the hell did he mean by that? This was my office for crying out loud. Did he expect me to knock before coming in? 

"Excuse me? So you think because you're the *boss* you can do anything you want..." I tapered off when he closed the distance between us in two strides and wrapped his fingers around my cheeks. 

"Watch your mouth, Miss Carter." His gaze dropped to my lips which were now puckered up because of the way he squeezed my face. "That's no way to speak to your boss." I winced as he pushed me away and I would have landed with my butt if Mia wasn't behind me. My hands instinctively moved to my face, rubbing my burning cheeks to soothe the pain. 

"Are you okay?" Mia wrapped her arms around me, helping me stand straight. 

"Yeah....I'm fine." I said, still rubbing gently over where his long fingers had bitten into my cheeks until the faint burn subsided. Caleb wore an irritated look on his face as he headed for the door and I was about reaching for him when Mia batted my hands away causing me to turn to her with a confused look. In situations like this she was always mad and annoyed that I couldn't stand up for myself but now she wanted me to let it go. "Don't tell me you're afraid of him." I whispered. 

"I'm not afraid of him..." She spoke in hushed tones as we both watched him walk out the door. "...he's your boss, Ammie." She hesitated before speaking. 

"So....that doesn't mean he should disrespect me. Do you even know what he did?" I lightly shook my head. Seeing that Mia and I were bickering, Kiara silently sneaked out of the office and even though we could both see her we didn't say anything. 

"I don't know what he did but you shouldn't..." She gestured towards the door. "Okay what would you have done if I didn't stop you?" She asked. I opened my mouth to answer but paused when I realized I had nothing in mind. "Exactly....look at him Ammie. He's huge. He only squeezed your cheeks with his hands and now they're all flushed and rosy." 

It hurt me that Mia wasn't on my side this time but if I was actually going to be honest with myself she did have a point but there was nothing else I wanted right now that to teach that pompous jerk a lesson. Then he'll stop feeling like he rules the world. Mia pressed her lips together before letting out an exasperated sigh. "Come on Ammie....let's just go home." She whined, throwing her head back. 

"Fine." I drawled. I could teach him a lesson another day if I really wanted to. After all, revenge was a fish best served cold. A sly grin crept up my lips as I moved out the door but I quickly squashed it before Mia could notice. The last thing I wanted was her knowing that I was primed to settle the scores then she'll do everything in her power to stop me and I didn't want that. 

~~~~~~~~~~~ 

     I had to admit working in the same place....the same room where that asshole made out disgusted me, but I didn't have a choice. I got used to it...after a few days. A part of me....a huge part of me felt like he did all of this for a reason....I also had a feeling he went through some of my stuff but I just shrugged it off since I didn't exactly have any proof and judging by who he is, he'll definitely cause bigger problems for me if I accused him without any proof. 

I let out a loud sigh as I leaned forward resting my head on the cool surface of my keyboard, letting the soft padding of the letters press against my forehead. I didn't care that my forehead was now mashing against the keys or inputting random letters into the system. All I thought about was the cool surface beneath me and the relaxing feeling it gave me. I closed my eyes, finally surrendering to the fatigue that had been creeping up on me all day.  

I glanced at my watch and I had just a few minutes left before it was time to go home. With another sigh, I lifted my head from the keyboard, a collection of smudged letters now imprinted on my forehead. I glanced at the blurry screen in front of me. My fingers were aching and I knew that I couldn't move them anymore. I had been working all day which was probably Caleb's punishment for giving him the silent treatment for days now. I hadn't spoken to him since the day I found him in my office and I knew he didn't care if I spoke to him or not but he would care if he asked me a question concerning his company and I didn't answer. 

I knew it also cost me my job which I was more than ready to lose. After all I just received my salary and as much as I didn't want to depend on Mia.....she somehow got into one of the biggest private detective agencies *without* her father's help so I had more than enough time to find a new job. Pressing a few buttons on my keyboard, I quickly shut down my system, watching the computer slowly fade to black. I then pushed myself off my chair, gathering my belongings. 

All I could think about right now was climbing into that sift bed of mine and sleeping till the next morning. A frown formed on my lips when I remembered that I had taken my car to the mechanic this morning so I had to take a cab. "Ugh!" I groaned out rolling my eyes as I grabbed my purse. I exited my office heading towards the elevator, Caleb was probably busy with Kiara since I saw her walk into his office earlier so I didn't need to worry about him. I entered the elevator pressing the button for the ground floor. The elevator descended with a soft hum, the silence within it a stark contrast to the bustling world out there. 

The door slid open and I stepped into the lobby...or rather reception, greeting Chloe with a small nod as I walked towards the exit. A part of me felt sorry for her since she had to wait till every single person in the building was gone before she went home. I guess her pay makes up for it. I mean that's the only reason she hadn't quit yet. My heels clicked against the marble floor as I made my way down the small flight of stairs. Now I just have to stop a cab. I slumped my shoulders as I walked towards the left side of the road with my purse in my hand. I wanted to get home as soon as possible and maybe I could actually enjoy that nap I was thinking about earlier. 

The cool evening breeze was a little comfortable as it eased some of my stress. As I reached the curb, I raised my hand to signal a taxi, but my heart sank as one after another whizzed by. It's either they were occupied or simply ignoring my waving hand. Frustrated, I started pacing back and forth along the curb, glancing at my watch every few seconds. The sun was slowly beginning to set and the once crowded street was now spookily quiet.

Just as I was about to give up, a car pulled up right in front of me, it didn't look like a taxi though, its brake lights flashing red like a beacon in the twilight. I peered through the open window and my jaw dropped as I recognized the figure seated inside, It was....Kian?  What the heck was he doing here?
###chapter 39: You think I'm nice and sweet
Amaris' POV 

I had been trying to get a taxi for the past few minutes and it's either they were occupied or simply ignoring my waving hand. I was about to give up when a car pulled up right in front of me, it didn't look like a taxi though, its brake lights flashing red like a beacon in the twilight. I peered through the open window and my jaw dropped as I recognized the figure seated inside, It was....Kian?  What the heck was he doing here?

He didn't look as surprised as I was though, obviously he was the one who stopped the car.

"Hey, what are you doing out here?" he asked, leaning towards the window.

"Trying to get a ride home obviously," I rolled my eyes. "My luck isn't exactly great at the moment." I pressed my lips together. 

"I thought you had a car?" He questioned lifting his brow. 

"Yeah....but I left it at the mechanic. They said it had some issues and it was going to take time to fix it and I couldn't wait since I was already late to work." I explained. And now I regret not waiting because I'm stuck out here.

"Okay then...." He said turning back to the road with his hands wrapped around the steering wheel. "....hop in." He lifted his shoulders in a half shrug and when I didn't say anything for a few seconds he shifted his gaze back to me. 

"You want to drive me home?" I asked, just in case I was misunderstanding him.

He looked a bit surprised and confused when he heard my question. "Yeah....sure. Why not?" He let out a small laugh. 

I could think of many reasons why he shouldn't drop me off but I just went with the most obvious reason. "You're my boss' friend." I enveloped myself in a self-hug, seeking comfort in the warmth of my own arms as I rubbed my elbows with my thumb. It was getting a bit more chilly outside and I kind of forgot to take my coat with me. "I don't think he'll like the idea of his friend dropping his employee off." I tilted my head slightly before lifting my shoulders in a half shrug. 

"Yeah....I'll worry about that." He placed his hands on his chest before gesturing to the empty spot beside him. "Now get in, it's getting a bit cold outside. We wouldn't want you freezing to death now would we? After all, we basically live in the same building." He said and I had to admit, he was right. We did leave in the same building and he said he was going to take care of it if Caleb found out. Not that I was scared of him or anything, I just didn't know how he was going to react and I wasn't ready for his drama. 

"Okay....if you say so." I said in a singsong manner as I circled around his car, making my way to the passenger's seat in front. "Thanks by the way. It means a lot." I smiled at him as I got into the car. 

"Oh no....I'm just lending out a hand in any way I can." His lips curled up as he turned the key in the ignition. 

"Yeah....and that's something Mr. Thorne would never do because he's the cold hearted tycoon." I rolled my eyes turning to the window as he pulled out of the road side. "It's like the only reason he was sent to this earth is to make my entire life miserable," my lips twisted into a scowl as I put on my seat belt. 

"That's Caleb for you...." He let out a small chuckle as his eyes were still fixed on the road. "I guess he just wants to live up to his name....being the thorn in people's flesh." He said his voice, laced with sarcasm. A smile crept up my lips when I remembered I had used that same phrase once when I was pissed. 

"I'm surprised you're even saying things like this Mr. Beck," I chortled. "I mean I thought he's your friend." 

"Yes....he is my friend." His grip tightened on the steering as he took a right turn down the road. "That doesn't mean I won't tell the truth....besides I tell him everytime and from what I've seen, I don't think he's changing anytime soon." He laughed and a few seconds later I joined him. "Well....not until he falls in love that is..." His expression turned serious as he kept his eyes fixed on the road. 

"Fall in love?" The word sounded foreign as it rolled off my tongue, not because I didn't believe in love or anything but because it was used with the one person who didn't know anything about love. "Caleb Thorne....CEO of Throne Enterprise? In love? You must be joking." I let out a loud laugh. Caleb...In love. Then it's definitely the end of the world. "I don't even think he's going to get married. He only sees women as sex toys... nothing more." 

His chest rumbled with laughter, "You've only worked with him for a couple of months and you already know him so well." He said. 

I let out a world weary sigh before looking out the window, watching the buildings roll past as the world got darker. I couldn't stop the images from flashing in my mind. Caleb going out of his way just to make a woman happy, buying her flowers, taking her on wonderful dates, I couldn't help but burst out laughing....I didn't know why but it looked so weird and funny. "He's not that bad." I heard Kian say, breaking the little silence that had settled between us. 

"Huh?" I snapped my head towards him. 

"He's not that bad." He glanced at me with a small smile. I batted my lashes as I replayed his words in my head. He's not that bad?!

My eyebrows shot up. "He literally enjoys watching me suffer...." I said with hand gestures. "...and gates it when I'm having fun or when I'm not working or when I'm not stressed and you say he's not that bad?!" 

He let out a pent up sigh. "I've been friends with him for years...Amaris." I stiffened at the sound of my name on his lips. This was the first time I actually heard him call my name ever since the day we met and I had to admit I kind of liked it. "We literally grew up together. I know he can be pretty mean sometimes but..." 

"How are you even a friend of Mr. Thorne?" I asked the second the question dropped in my head. He paused for a moment and it took him a few seconds before he glanced at me with a confused smile. 

"What?" 

"I mean....he's a grumpy demon and you're..." I gestured towards him looking for the right words. 

"I'm what?" His smile widened as he waited for me to finish my sentence. 

"Nice and sweet.....I mean Caleb would have never offered me a ride home even if we're living in the same freaking house." I winced at the mental image of seeing Caleb everyday and having to put up with him even at home. 

"You think I'm nice and sweet." He suddenly pulled over and that was when I glanced around trying to make out my surroundings. It took me a while to realize we weren't home and we just stopped in front of a huge bakery? What were we doing in front of a bakery?
###chapter 40: I should've taken a cab
Amaris' POV 

"You think I'm nice and sweet." He suddenly pulled over and that was when I glanced around trying to make out my surroundings. It took me a while to realize we weren't home and we just stopped in front of a huge....bakery? What were we doing in front of a bakery? 

"Duh..." I sang. "You've helped me out....twice. plus I can have a conversation with you without you yelling at me or pissing me off." I said, earning a laugh from him. I smiled before looking out the window again. "Umm....what are we doing here?" I asked before jerking my head towards him. 

"Um....yeah sorry I didn't tell you..." He apologized before taking off his seatbelt. "I normally stop by the bakery everyday after work to get myself a few things." He said, turning to me and when he saw the shocked expression on my face. He let out a small laugh. "Yeah I know it's surprising but I'm a sucker for treats." 

"Really." I giggled with an amused expression. I wasn't really surprised though....I mean everyone liked treats and desserts right. 

"Mhmm." He nodded, getting out of the car. "So you can just wait here....I promise I won't be long." He slammed the door behind him flashing me another smile before heading inside the bakery. For some reason my eyes never left his body until I couldn't see him anymore and that was when I realized how dark it had gotten. I turned my head to the right....dark alley. I then snapped my head to the left....another dark alley. My throat bobbed with a visible swallow as I turned back to the shadowy path in front of me, its dim, flickering light cast by a solitary street lamp which was only a few feet away. 

The silence was deafening....and the only sound I could hear was my ragged breathing and the pounding of my heart. Suddenly everything around me became dark and oppressive and my senses were sharpened which kind of made me start hearing things. The whistling of the wind, the chirping of the night birds. I wasn't the type that was normally afraid of the dark but I also wasn't the type that liked being left alone...and I couldn't find a soul lurking around. Not that I'd feel a lot safer if I found one though. I quickly scrambled out of the car shutting the door behind me, my heart racing as I rushed into the bakery.  Anyone who might have been watching me right now would have been wondering if I was being chased by a ghost or something. 

I let out a long sigh of relief as the door closed behind me, I then dusted my hands on my skirt and that was when I realized I had left my purse in the car. Fuck! "Okay Ammie....don't panic." I assured myself not minding if anyone was watching me talk to myself right now. "It's okay. He just went in a few minutes ago. He wouldn't have gone far...right?" My eyes wandered through the crowd searching for a certain 6'3 with black curly hair and a pair of piercing green eyes in the crowd. I decided to move out of the way since I was standing directly in front of the door. I continued my search while I browsed through the bakery. I didn't have any intentions of buying anything and even if I did I had left my card in the car with my purse. 

Maybe I can just wait for him at the exit. I thought, cursing myself for not coming up with that idea earlier. I then glanced around and that was when I realized that I was so engrossed in my search I didn't even notice when I had walked away from the exit. 

"Oooh." I let out a sad groan as I tried to find my way back to the entrance. A part of me wanted to curse Kian for stopping at the bakery and leaving me inside the car in the middle of a dark alley. The other part of me was blaming myself for getting into his car in the first place. I should have just waited for a cab....no matter how long it took...and also, why did this bakery have to be so huge?! 

I wasn't the type of person that liked talking to people I didn't know but at this point I didn't have a choice. I needed someone to point me towards the exit so I would wait there for Kian and quickly before he leaves and finds out that I'm not in the car and then we'll both be on some stupid wild goose chase as we searched for each other. 

I let out a small laugh at the mental image of Kian and I running around the bakery in search of each other. I was about to tap someone when I heard a familiar voice behind me. "The fact that I see you every fucking day in the office for eleven hours isn't enough?" 

"What the heck?" I said to myself as I spun around to find Caleb standing behind me. I was about to ask him what he was doing in the bakery when I remembered that I wasn't speaking to him then I pressed my lips together in a thin line before glancing around. It couldn't just be a coincidence that he and Kian were in the same place at the same time, could it? 

His brows drew together when he realized I wasn't still speaking to him. I lifted my chin an inch higher as a satisfied smile crept up my lips. This was just the beginning. I've got a lot planned for...

"Amaris?" a voice called out interrupting my thoughts and I turned to find Kian standing in front of me. 

"Mr. Beck." My eyebrows shot up as I pressed my lips together forming a forced smile on my lips. I saw a confused expression forming on Caleb's face out of the corner of my eye. We were both standing on the same aisle but I stood at the end so that was why I could see Kian and he couldn't because of the rack veiling his view. 

"What are you doing out here? I thought we agreed you were going to wait in the car." 

"In the car?" Caleb repeated coming out from beside me. The same Caleb wasn't able to see him a few seconds ago was the same way Kian couldn't see him. As expected Caleb didn't need to see Kian before he could tell he was the one. Kian's brows shot up before relaxing into an amused expression as he dipped his hands into his pockets. 

"Caleb...what brings you to the bakery?" He asked. 

"Getting things for Miranda....why is she supposed to be waiting in your car?" He arched his brow. *Oh no.* This was exactly what I was avoiding. I slowly backed away from them...the last thing I wanted was to witness whatever was going to happen here. 

"I found her waiting for a cab outside your company and I offered her a ride home...." He said, glancing at me. "...since we basically live in the same building." He lifted his shoulders in a half shrug with his hands still buried inside his pockets. My gaze then shifted to Caleb who stared at him with a scrutinizing look before narrowing his eyes into thin slits. That's weird I thought to myself. His reaction's a lot quieter than I expected. Why wasn't he yelling or frowning or....being him?
###chapter 41: Call me Kian. 
Amaris' POV 

     I shifted my gaze to Caleb who stared at Kian with a scrutinizing look before narrowing his eyes into thin slits. That's weird. I thought to myself. His reaction's a lot quieter than I expected. Why wasn't he yelling or frowning or....being him? He then glanced at me with a strange look in his eyes before turning his back to us and walking out. I blinked rapidly, still trying to understand what just happened. I had never seen him so quiet and I had to admit seeing him like this did send chills down my spine. 

"Is he...." I trailed off pointing towards him. 

"He's okay." He said taking his hands out of his pockets pulling something out from behind the racks. It was a cart....filled with goods. 

"Are you seriously going to buy all of that?" I questioned pointing towards the cart. 

"Sure....why not?" A confused smile spread across his lips. "If you haven't noticed I don't have a problem when it comes to money," a sly grin crept up his lips as I crossed my hands over my chest. 

"Oh really....then if you don't have a problem with money why don't you just pay someone to do your shopping for you?" I asked, walking by his side as he pushed the cart towards the exit. Every ounce of worry in me concerning Caleb's strange reaction had disappeared the second we began talking. 

"I enjoy doing my shopping myself. I don't like sending people to buy things for me....especially things I eat." He said. 

"Oh..." I said before averting his gaze and glancing around. The uncomfortable silence that fell between us caused my mind to drift back to the scene that just happened, the look on Caleb's face, the way Kian was surprisingly calm about the situation. 

I found her waiting for a cab outside your company and I offered her a ride home....

Why is she supposed to be waiting in your car?

What brings you to the bakery?

Getting things for Miranda.... 

Things for Miranda....

Miranda....

"Who the fuck is Miranda?" I thought to myself. Did he have another mistress? I decided to break the silence as we approached the checkout lane. I wasn't sure Kian would answer me since I was just....well Caleb's employee but it was worth a shot. "Who is Miranda?" I asked not meeting his gaze as I still looked around not staring at anything in particular. 

"Huh?" We both stopped in front of the registrar as I watched him turn his head towards me out of the corner of my eye. Seeing he was now staring at me with a confused expression I then turned to him watching him as he handed his credit card to the cashier. I was wondering why she didn't recognise him though. Even though I knew Kian wasn't that famous he was still known by a lot of people....and he even made it to the list of the most eligible bachelors in the country. That was more than enough to get him famous. 

"Miranda....is she a friend?" I said watching the cashier insert the card into the payment terminal. "Because the Mr. Thorne I know would never ever go shopping for a friend." I said, eliciting a laugh from him. I had a serious expression on but watching Kian laugh brought a smile to my face. 

"She's....our mother." He hesitated to say. Mother? Why on earth will he call his mother by her name?! And I thought Kian and Caleb were friends? Why did they have the same mother? Kian must have read the expression on my face because he began shaking his head slightly as a small smile crept up his lips. 

"Here." The cashier said, handing him a polythene bag. "Enjoy the rest of your night." She waved, flashing a smile our way. 

I didn't want it to seem like I was intruding so I didn't say anything about the whole Miranda situation even when we got into the car. I just decided to stay quiet till we got home pretending our conversation back at the bakery never happened but he decided otherwise. "She took us in when we were still very young." I stiffened at the sound of his voice piercing the calm silence. I turned my head towards him watching him with a questioning look as his eyes never left the road. "She's not our real mother." He glanced at me with a sad smile. 

"Oh...." I blinked. "...I didn't want to..." 

"It's okay...." His chest rumbled with a small chuckle. "...it was written all over your face anyways." 

"What was?" My brows drew together. 

"...that you needed an explanation?" He said adding a not so sure tone at the end, the small smile never leaving his lips. 

"Oh....that." I shifted under his gaze tugging on my seatbelt. "Well....if you insist on telling me...how did you guys meet her?" 

"She was our nanny..." 

"Nanny? So you guys grew up in the same house?" I questioned as a little versions of Kian and Caleb running around in the halls flashed in my head. My lips inched up but I quickly squashed it. "Together." 

"Pretty much." He pressed his lips as he swerved around driving into what looked like an estate....our estate. "She took us in when our parents died and ever since then she's been like a mother to us...." I tuned out on the rest of his words as those three wires echoed in my mind. 

Our parents died. Our parents died. Caleb was an orphan? I mean it couldn't be just a coincidence that both of their parents died at the same time right? So they had to be murdered. Images of a terrified little Caleb flashed in my head as my lips twisted into a frown. Was that why he was always this grumpy and so....emotionless? "You don't want to get down?" Kian's voice snapped me out of my thoughts as I looked out the window and that was when I realized he had pulled over....right in a garage? Oh gosh. I was so caught up in my thoughts that I didn't realize we had already gotten home. 

"Oh...." I reached for the door handle. "Yeah sorry about that." I slid out of the car. "Thanks for the ride Mr. Beck," I beamed at him grabbing my purse and phone from his car. We were going into the same building but it would've been really weird if we walked in together or he accompanied me to my front door so I needed to go in before him. 

"My pleasure...." He smiled back. "Oh and you can call me Kian." He added halting me in my steps. I turned back to face him, batting my lashes a bit startled by his words. He wants me to actually call him by his first name?
###chapter 42: She lied to me.
Caleb's POV 

      My eyes swept around the club as I sat in the corner watching the women on the dance floor. Unfortunately I hadn't seen anyone that caught my eye....yet. As I lifted my glass to my lips again, I couldn't help but recall that very day I found Amaris in the bakery with Kian. I wasn't surprised that they were together...I was just surprised that Kian brought her to the bakery....it was his mum's favorite bakery and he had never brought any woman there. 

"Guess I'll just have to wait longer then." 

"What the fuck are you talking about?" 

"Till you fall in love with some random girl."

A small smile crept up my lips. It was funny that he actually thought I'd be the one falling in love. I didn't give a fuck if Amaris had already been in his bed. A mental image of Amaris in Kian's sitting on his lap with his hands wrapped around her waist while they made out flashed in my head and I shut my eyes before taking another sip of my drink. 

All I wanted was for them to keep me out of their stupid relationship. "Hey Handsome..." I lifted my gaze with my glass still in my hand finding a woman in a black dress standing a few feet away from me, her eyes darkened with lust. She was wearing a bodycon mini dress which clung to her body like a second skin revealing her curves. My gaze dropped to her long sexy legs as she planted her hand on one of her hips before returning back to her face. She was slightly taller than Kiara which made her look even more sexy. 

I was actually surprised that I found her attractive, which was kind of rare these days since most women pissed me off. I decided to come to the club tonight so I could find a replacement for Kiara although I hadn't told her yet....not that I was planning to anyway. From the little time I've spent with her, I could testify that she wasn't a really smart woman considering the fact that she was under the impression that I was in love with her but she'll definitely figure it out herself. 

"Need someone to fill in that empty seat beside you?" She spoke in a sultry manner. My eyebrows dropped as I sized her up again. She had blonde wavy hair with piercing blue siren eyes, a pointed nose and heart shaped lips. There was no doubt about it...she was pretty but I had to make sure she was the type of woman I allowed in my bed. "Or why don't I fill up your thoughts instead?" She purred straddling my lap, wrapping her arms around my neck as she bit on her lower lip. I inhaled her scent, an amazing blend of amber and musk, with hints of jasmine and sandalwood. The type that lingered in the air minutes after the person was gone. 

I dropped my glass of wine on the table beside me before resting my arms on her waist. "You are one feisty young woman." My gaze dropped to her breast that was literally inches away from my face. A knowing smirk crept up my face as I lifted my head, "What's your name darling?" 

"Jessica..." She answered after a few beats as she ran her fingers down my chin. "What's yours?" Her fruity breath grazed my face as she inched closer. 

I was taken aback by her question but I didn't show it. It was surprising that she didn't know who I was....I mean that would explain why she had the guts to walk up to me in the first place, most women were scared of me and I loved it. Unlike most men that demanded respect from women, I preferred being feared. Maybe she wasn't the type who bothered herself with the things happening around her or maybe she had only heard about me and didn't know what I looked like.

"I don't think you would actually want an answer to that question...." I moved my hands lower cupping them around her ass. 

"Oh...." She arched her brow. "...and what makes you think that?" She ran one of her arms down my chest while the other played with my hair. I never allowed any woman to touch my hair unless I was eating her out or making out. I was about to tell her to take her hands off when she crashed her lips on mine. 

I hesitated a bit giving all of this a second thought. She was pretty and sexy too and on to top it all off I was kind of attracted to her....she was lacking in the other aspects like knowing exactly how I liked being touched, kissed, fucked. "Mmm," she moaned into the kiss running her hands through my hair. I hated giving women second chances of teaching them things they were supposed to know but....

"Come on Ammie, you know I hate dancing alone." Music blasted in the hall but I was sure of what I heard. "Just come dance with me." The voice rang out from beside me. There was a huge board which divided the hall into different sections so I couldn't see them even if I wanted to. 

"Mia..." She whined. "You already dragged me here with you. Isn't that enough?" She huffed. What the fuck was she doing in a club by this time of the night? Was this why she asked to leave work early today? She finally decided to end her foolishness and talk to me only because she wanted my permission to leave work early. 

It's a family emergency. Her voice echoed in my ears. 

As if reading my thoughts, I heard her friend say, "Oh come on...so you're telling me you wanted to stay back home...." She paused for a few seconds before she spoke again. "Then what was the point of lying to your boss in the first place?" 

Just then Jessica pulled away as she stared at me with a scrutinizing look in her eyes. "What's wrong?" Her lips twisted into a scowl. 

"What do you mean?" I asked in a neutral tone. She then turned to look around, not knowing exactly what she was looking for, I glanced around too. 

"You seem...." She pouted as her gaze dropped to my chest before returning to my face. "....distracted." 

My frown deepened. I didn't like it when women questioned me and she was asking way too many questions for someone I met just a few minutes ago. "Do you want me to fuck you or not?" I growled as the color drained out of my eyes and I could tell that she was a bit frightened from the way her eyebrows shot up and the way  she stiffened on my thighs. I expected her to chicken out and make up a stupid excuse so she could leave. Most women did but she didn't, instead her surprised expression contorted to an intrigued one as she leaned in closer. 

"Mmmm," she hummed as her lips hovered over mine. "Sexy and dominant." She purred, eliciting a sly grin from me. I liked the fact that she wanted to be the submissive one....maybe, just maybe....

"Hey Ammie....look behind you." A voice interrupted my thoughts. 

"Huh?" 

"That guy's checking you out." For a second there I almost forgot that there was someone else in the club with me....and that someone else was my employee who fucking lied to me so she could go clubbing. I'll definitely make her regret this.
###chapter 43: I have moved on
Amaris' POV: 

"Come on Ammie, you know I hate dancing alone." Mia pouted as she tugged on my wrist gesturing for us to head towards the dancefloor. I had promised her that I was going to go clubbing with her one of these days. I even had to talk to Caleb so I could lie about a family emergency. Even with hearing it was a family emergency he still hesitated before letting me go. What an asshole. "Just come dance with me." Her lips twisted into a frown. 

"Mia..." I wailed. She knew perfectly well that I wasn't the dancing type....I only danced in our bedroom in front of the mirror and on top of that she wanted me to dance in the middle of a club where everyone could see me. No way. "You already dragged me here with you. Isn't that enough?" I pulled away from her grip before resting my hand on the table. 

"Oh come on...so you're telling me you wanted to stay back home...." She rolled her eyes. I pressed my lips in a thin line before raising my shoulders in a half shrug. "Then what was the point of lying to your boss in the first place?" Her frown deepened. 

My jaw dropped instantly as her words reached my ears. "Oh my God Mia. Shut up." My eyes darted around searching for any familiar face in the crowd. "Someone could hear you," I spoke in hushed tones. 

"Oh please." She waved off my comment like she would do to a fly before crossing her arms over her chest. "So you're trying to tell me that your boss has superhuman hearing and can hear us from a million miles away." She said in a histrionic tone as I let out an exasperated sigh. 

"Stop being dramatic." I said resting my chin in my hands. 

"Or wait....he could be a vampire." I narrowed my eyes into thin venomous slits as I glared at her. "Okay I'll shut up now." She mirrored my position. Just then the waitress approached us with a bright smile. 

"Sorry I'm late....we have an important guest here tonight so we're doing everything we can to impress him." She said, a bit out of breath. Considering the fact that we'd been here for almost ten minutes, it was completely normal for her to apologize. 

"Sorry about that." I smiled back.

"We completely understand." Mia said, picking up the menu. 

"What would you like to have?" She asked, clicking the top of her pen as she held out her little book. Mia glanced at the menu before lifting her head with her brows raised. She was probably waiting for me to say something before she picked. 

"Champagne?" I lifted my shoulders in a half shrug. 

She then turned towards the waitress, "A bottle of Veuve Clicquot please." She beamed at the waitress as she jotted it down. 

"Anything else," she clicked her pen again. 

"No thanks." We chorused before she turned on her heel heading towards the bar. 

"But seriously Ammie" she began resting her chin on her hand. "...I'm bored and I don't wanna go out there alone." She pointed towards the dance floor.

"Then find a partner." I said in a rather cheery tone as her eyes lit up. She was about to speak when I held up my finger, silencing her. "One that's not me." Her smile contorted into a scowl. 

"So now you expect me to go around flirting with every guy in the club just because I'm looking for a dance partner." She curled a brow as a small smile crept up my lips.

"I didn't say that." 

"But you meant it." She countered. 

"Ugh." My lips parted as I was taken aback by her reply. "There's no reason for you to be mad at me or anything." I showed her my palms. 

"I'm not mad at you....I'm just...." She paused searching for the right word to use. "I'm just disappointed that you'd rather sit here and watch other people have fun than dance with me." 

"Awwwn," I purred. "That's cute." I teased wiggling my eyebrows as she let out a low groan causing me to giggle. Her frown suddenly twisted into a huge smirk as she looked over my shoulders and I was about following her gaze when she said. 

"Hey Ammie...." Her smirk widened. "Look behind you." 

"Huh?" I blinked rapidly before following her gaze to meet a pair of dark eyes staring at me. His lips curled up the second he noticed I was actually looking at him. I didn't stare for long though but it was enough to notice his features. Blonde hair, hazel eyes judging from the way he was slouching he was probably 6'1. 

"That guy's checking you out." She batted her lashes with a smug look on her face. 

"Yeah so...." I hadn't told Mia how Kian offered me a ride home a few days ago and said I could call him by his name which was probably why she wanted me to set me up with this blondie. She would probably freak if I told her and now was definitely not the right time. Maybe when we get back. "...do you want me to go flirt with him now?" I drawled with air quotes. 

"Take a chance on him." She leaned back in her seat. "Who knows....things might actually work out." She pursed her lips. I hadn't had a boyfriend ever since Eric and Mia knew that. It took me almost two years to completely get over Eric, I couldn't bear losing another person I loved so I just gave up on dating. 

"I'm not ready to date." I rolled her eyes. 

"Mhmmm." She crossed her arms over her chest. 

"Here's your drink..." We were so busy talking about the guy checking me out that we didn't even notice the waitress approach us. We snapped our heads towards her at the same time flashing her weird smiles. "...and here are your glasses." She dropped two goblets on the table pulling out the cork from the glass before pouring the wine into both glasses. She then gave us a slight nod before heading towards other tables to take their orders. It was a miracle that Mia and I were able to hear each other without yelling but we still had to speak over our regular tones though. 

"Thank you." I yelled before she completely disappeared into the dark. 

"You haven't had a boyfriend since....him." she hesitated before speaking. She reached for the bottle of "It's high time you move on." She wrapped her fingers around one of the glasses, lifting it to her lips. 

"I have moved on." I grabbed the second glass. "I just don't want to be in another relationship yet." 

"It's been four years Ammie." She said, her tone laced with concern. I quickly grabbed the opportunity to shift gears, there was nothing I hated more than discussing my love life. 

"You're one to talk." I said before taking another sip from my glass. This was my first time tasting this brand and I had to admit it was good. "All you do is go clubbing and flirt with every guy you meet. You've never actually been serious about a guy before." 

She let out a loud gasp as she placed her hand on her chest. "That is not true." 

I let out a small laugh as my glass hovered over my lips. "Okay then...tell me." I told her. "When was the last time you went on a date with a guy and didn't have sex with him afterwards?" A smirk formed on my lips as I waited for her answer. 

She opened her mouth to speak but paused afterwards. She then closed them around her glass taking another sip. "See..." I raised my glass pointing them towards her. 

"Well if you're allowed to not be in a relationship then I won't be in a relationship either." This time I let out a loud chuckle. I would have attracted a lot of attention to myself if the music wasn't so loud that it drowned out my laughter. I then shook my head slowly as I wiped a tear out of my eye. 

"You're hilarious." I leaned back. I was happy with myself that I succeeded in changing the topic. I wasn't ready to be in a relationship yet....the truth was....I had gotten over Eric a long time ago but I was too scared....scared that I'll get hurt again.
###chapter 44: Not again
Caleb's POV 

"Would you like to go somewhere else?" Jessica pulled away from me, her lip disappearing between her teeth as she moved her hips, rocking me as I grabbed her ass. "Somewhere much more comfortable and a lot more quiet..." She leaned closer speaking in hushed tones as she nibbled on my ear. "....somewhere there'll be no distractions." Her fruity breath grazed my neck. 

We had been making out for what felt like five minutes but I was certain it was longer than that, way longer than that. I hummed in approval as she slowly got off my lap. She wasn't ready to go to my house yet so I decided to take her to one of the rooms upstairs. Mr. McCall, the owner of the club, was one of my very close friends or should I say important business associates so I didn't need to bother myself with things like reservations. 

I halted in my steps when I spotted two familiar faces on the dancefloor. I then turned to meet Jessica's questioning gaze. "Here...." I took out a key card from my pocket. Since I was one of his important business associates he lended one of his rooms in the hotels upstairs to me which is one of the reasons why I didn't need a reservation. "...I'll meet you there in five minutes."

"But..." 

"In five minutes." I repeated. The first thing she needed to learn about being my mistress is that we only have sex whenever and wherever I want. No questions asked. Her gaze then dropped to the key card before returning to my face. I lifted my brow as I stared at her with a scrutinizing look in my eyes. She then dipped her head in a small nod before grabbing the key card. I watched her as she disappeared into the dark corridors before returning my gaze to the two women gyrating on the dance floor. I thought she didn't want to dance earlier.

Judging from the way she was letting the men around her touch her and from the way she was grinding against them, I could tell she was drunk. I rolled my eyes letting out an exasperated sigh as I walked towards them watching her as she swayed her hips from side to side before wrapping her hands around the blondie behind her. I always knew she was a slut. I thought to myself observing her as she gazed intently at the stranger behind her.

She was wearing a black cut out drawstring side bodycon mini dress and as much as I hated to admit it calling her sexy was an understatement. She tied her hair in a low slick ponytail which made her slender neck more visible to the eyes of desperate and horny men. The blondie behind her then wrapped his arms around her as she writhed against his crotch. It's a family emergency. Her words echoed in my head again and I didn't even realize when I had closed the distance between us and yanked her out of the stranger's grasp. "Oww....who are you..." Her words died on her lips as they parted in surprise when she realised the person standing in front of her was no other person than her boss but ofcourse she didn't give a fuck about that. Especially now that she was drunk. "What are you doing here? Let me go." She attempted to pull her arm out of my grip but she was too weak, she ended up hurting herself. 

"So this is your family emergency, huh?" I questioned tightening my grip around her arm as my temples pulsed with rage. I glanced around and thankfully no one had noticed the scene unfolding before them because of the music blasting in the hall. I glanced at her friend who was smart enough not to interfere before shifting my gaze to the raging blondie standing behind her. 

"Didn't you hear her? Let go of her!" He shoved me but thanks to my strong stamina I only moved an inch away. He was a lot weaker than he looked and probably a lot dumber but I couldn't blame him since he was thinking with his other head. I decided to ignore him and concentrate on the reason I walked up to them in the first place. 

"What's your problem? Can't you see I'm busy." She tried to push me away but I immediately wrenched her arm behind her back in a forceful and painful grip. She kept struggling and resisting but it was of no use since I was larger and stronger than her. "Stop it. It hurts." She wailed. 

"I asked you a question..." I spoke into her ear in hushed tones as I tightened my grip. She then sank her teeth into her lower lip suppressing her screams. A smile crept up my lips as I realized she too didn't want to attract attention. "...what are you doing in a club, Miss Carter?" I hated it when people lied to me. This was nothing compared to how I punished people who lied to me....I literally ended people's lives just because they decided to be dishonest to me. I noticed the blondie reaching for my arm with the corner of my eye and I immediately snapped my head towards him. "I decided to spare you the first time but I promise you if you touch me again you'll either leave this club without one of your arms or you won't leave at all." I growled. 

"Sir please..." Her friend moved towards me with her hands pressed together. "...I was the one who begged her to come with me. Please let her go." 

"I saved your life once and I promise you I can end it right now if you don't stay out of this and mind your fucking business." My jaw clenched. "Now you...." I spun her around as she glared at me, her chest heaving from all the struggling, strands of hair clung to her face, dampened by the heat of the struggle, her lips slightly parted as she panted and I felt cock twitch in my pants. Dammit. Not again. 

"Why can't you just let me live my life like I want to huh?" She raised her voice. My eyes swept through the crowd and that was when I realized we were starting to create a ruckus. "So what if I lied to you? It..." She petered out when I yanked her arm pulling her into the lounge area. "Let go..." She pulled away since I didn't tighten my grip this time. There was no one in the lounge area...well there was no one in this lounge area since it was reserved for me so we could talk without attracting any unwanted attention. "...What is your problem?" She held her head in her arms. "Every single damn thing I choose to do something fun you always ruin it." She stumbled almost tripping on her heels and I instinctively wrapped my hands around her to stop her from falling. 

Her lips were still slightly parted as she panted with her hands pressed to my chest. She stared at my chest for a few seconds before lifting her head to meet my gaze. My hands itched to move the damp strands away from her face but I clenched them immediately, dropping them to my side. I had already promised myself that I would never make the mistake of touching her and I was going to keep to it.
###chapter 45: I'll make sure of it.
Caleb's POV 

     "Get away from me." Amaris pushed herself off my chest as she stumbled again but this time she was quick enough to grab the sofa before she fell. 

"Oh my God." I let out a small sigh as I pinched between my brows. I had never met a woman as frustrating as she was. If she wasn't intoxicated right now she would have enjoyed seeing me this frustrated. "Why did you lie to me?" I dipped my hands into my pockets. 

"You don't need to know that." Her lips twisted into a scowl as she crossed her arms over her chest averting my gaze. 

"Can you hear yourself?" I raised my eyebrows. "You are drunk." I drawled. "You are in the middle of a club partying with your friend who is also drunk." She let out a small huff as she rolled her eyes. "What do you think other people are going to say when they find out that you work for me, huh?" 

"And why am I supposed to care about your reputation?" She sized me up. "If you think I am not responsible enough to be an employee at your fucked up company then why don't you just fire me." She raised her shoulders in a half shrug. "Fire me. Get a new secretary and then, poof. All your problems will go away." She rambled. "Don't you want all your problems to go away, huh Mr. Thorne?" She moved closer, close enough that I could feel her body heat as my gaze dropped to her exposed tummy that was only covered with thin strands of cloth. She then placed her finger on her lip. "Or are you keeping me for another reason? Hmm?" She then pressed her body against mine before lifting her gaze to meet mine and for a second there I almost forgot that she was drunk. 

"Hmm." I scoffed. "You actually think that I'd stoop that low to fuck my own secretary huh?" I leaned in closer, close enough that our lips were almost touching. 

"I don't think....I know." She purred. 

"So what are you trying to do now?" I lifted a brow. "Seduce me?"

"I don't need to." 

"You're drunk." My lips twisted into a scowl as I pulled away before I did something that we were both going to regret. "We'll talk about this on Monday," I sidestepped her, moving away from the lounge area. It was a Saturday and Sundays were the only days she didn't come to work so we couldn't talk about this tomorrow and I couldn't sacrifice my weekend away from here just because I wanted us to talk. I didn't bother turning back....her friend was going to come help her anyway so that was none of my business. I was already far away from her but I could still smell her perfume wafting around me. 

So then you asked her to have sex with you? I mean it's the only reasonable explanation....you were the one who was lusting after her after all.... 

That was a mistake....

All of these were probably happening to me because I drank too much. I thought to myself as I let out a small sigh. "Now all I need to do is take out my frustration on the woman waiting for me upstairs." I said to myself as I walked into the elevator. "I really hope she's worth the time." 

~~~~~~~~~

"So you're telling me she lied to you so she could go clubbing with her friend." Kian's brows shot up as he leaned back on his chair. It was the last Sunday in the month and we always had dinner together at Miranda's place....I was so worked up about work that it kind of slipped my mind. 

I lightly shook my head before turning towards the kitchen. "What's wrong?" Miranda asked, walking out from the kitchen with a tray of food in her arms. 

"What do you mean what's wrong?" I lifted a brow as I watched her place the dishes on the table. 

"You look....." She paused, sizing me up. "...mad." 

Just then Kian let out a loud chuckle, his chest rumbling with laughter. "Oh come on mother, he always looks like that." He said still laughing as I frowned at him. "Don't worry, just ignore him. He's just mad at his PA for lying to him so she could go clubbing with her friend." 

"Is it the sweet young lady I met the other day?" Miranda's face lit up and deepened my frown even more. I didn't get why Miranda liked her so much when all she did was cause trouble for me. I mean she wouldn't stop talking about her ever since that night I helped her at the ice cream shop. 

"Hold up..." Kian's brows drew together as he sat up. "You know her?" 

"Well....if you guys are talking about the young lady we met at the ice cream store a few weeks ago who works at Caleb's company, then yes." She dipped her head in a small nod as she turned to head back into the kitchen since she wasn't done taking out the food. We wanted to help her but she insisted we sat at the table since we were her guests for the night. 

Kian then turned his head towards me the second Miranda disappeared into the kitchen. "You didn't tell me she was there that night?" A small smile crept up his lips. 

"You never asked." I said in a casual tone. His jaw dropped as a faint gasp escaped his lips. He was always the dramatic one in our group and by our group I meant just me and him.

"And that doesn't mean you shouldn't tell me." He leaned back into his chair. 

"Mhmmm." I blinked. 

"Okay....Dinner is served." Miranda announced grabbing our attention as she walked in with another tray in her hand. The smell of mashed potatoes and gravy wafted in the air. "Hope you like it." She beamed at us as she pulled out one of the chairs from underneath the table. 

"You cooked them mother. Of Course we'll love it." Kian smiled back, reaching for one of the serving dishes. "Oh my goodness," Kian exclaimed as he drew in the intoxicating aroma of the food. "How long has it been....a decade?" He questioned dropping the lid by the side. We were having roasted chicken with mashed potatoes and gravy for dinner which was one of my favorite dishes and as much as i wanted to thank and shower Miranda with praises i didn't want Kian to see how vulnerable I could get when I was with Miranda if not he was going to use it to tease me for the rest of my life and I wouldn't have cared if it was anyone else but this was Kian we were talking about. The most annoying creature on earth, well apart from women in general. 

Fire me. Get a new secretary and then, poof. All your problems will go away.

"Caleb?" Miranda called out with a worried look on her face as she pulled me out of my thoughts. Great. I couldn't even have a normal dinner without thinking about that nasty woman. "Aren't you hungry? I thought roasted chicken was your favorite...." She reached for the knife beside her. I was about to speak when she said. "I mean that's the only reason I made it in the first place." 

"Umm hello. He's not your only son, you know. Why didn't you make my favorite meal?" Kian's lips twisted into a scowl.

"It's because she loves me better." A small smile crept up my lips as I reached for the plate in front of me.

"Oh shut up." Kian rolled his eyes. 

"Kian....there is no need to be mad." Miranda let out a light chuckle. "You know I love you both and besides I made your favorite dish last time, it's only fair Caleb gets a turn." She grabbed the dishing spoon from Kian as she carefully dished out generous portions onto our plates. 

"Just wait till I tell your business partners about this." I said, earning a glare from Kian as my smile widened. No matter how much I hated to admit, the only time I really smiled was when I was around Kian and Miranda. A certain brunette with sparkly hazel eyes flashed in my head but I immediately shook off the thought. She didn't make me smile. All she did was cause trouble for me and I was going to make sure she regretted every single second of her day at work tomorrow. Every damn second.
###chapter 46: I'm screwed 
Amaris' POV 

     There was a huge part of me that wanted to blame Mia for all of this but deep down I knew that it was also my fault. I was the one who agreed to go clubbing with her in the first place and now I had to face the consequences. I tried to piece together the events of the previous night, but my memory still remained blurry and the only thing I could remember was grinding against a stranger's crotch in the middle of a club and seeing Caleb appear out of nowhere. I couldn't even remember the stranger's name when we had a whole conversation. I should've just stuck to my rule and drunk only two glasses then none of this would've happened.

    I also asked Mia if she saw anything but she said the only thing she remembered was Caleb scaring the stranger away and telling her to mind her own business when she tried to plead with him. She said she would have told me more if Caleb didn't yank me away to one of the private lounge rooms. God, who knows what I did in there? Whatever I did in there, I did under the influence of alcohol but ofcourse my boss wouldn't give a fuck if I was drunk or freaking sober. Whatever....this was for the better right, he was probably going to fire me after I lied to him and went clubbing with Mia, after seeing his secretary dancing in the middle of a club grinding against a stranger in a very revealing dress. 

My cheeks heated up as I imagined Caleb's reaction when he saw me in that dress. I didn't know how but Mia ended up convincing me to wear it to the club.

You can't wear that. It looks too plain, you need to wear something sexy.

"I really need to start making my own decision." I said out loud as I pulled over into the parking lot. With my fingers still wrapped around the steering, I let out a loud sigh. "Guess I have to put up with that jerk now." I let out another pent up sigh as I leaned back on my chair as my hands flew to my face. A part of me wished I could stay in my car all day but the other part knew that was no running from Caleb. 

A few loud sighs and low groans later, I finally got out of my car. Sadly. I didn't go to Caleb's office immediately instead I waited for him to come to mine like he always did but surprisingly this time he didn't come for a second there. I thought he didn't come to work but I asked Chloe and she said she had seen him come in later this morning. "Oh so now he's trying to make me feel guilty." My lips twisted into a frown. 

"Who?" Chloe cocked her brow as her fingers froze over her keyboard. I was so annoyed that I didn't even realize that I had said that outloud. 

"Oh...don't mind me, I'm just...." I paused searching for the right word to use as Chloe stared at me with a confused look on her face. "...I think I'll go now." I pointed towards the elevator as she flashed a weird smile my way. Great. Now I've spooked Chloe. 

It's not like I was scared of Caleb, it was just.....I expected him to lash out, to be mad, furious. But instead he was just quiet....which was definitely not scary but...

"Not only do you lie to your own boss to go clubbing but now you don't even respect him enough to let him use his own elevator." I stiffened, muttering silent prayers to myself as I slowly turned around to find Caleb leaning in the corner, a few feets away from me. I was so lost in thought that I didn't even realize when I had stepped into his private elevator. Oh Gosh...what was I going to say to him now.

"Oh Mr. Thorne....about Saturday. I...." He held his hand up silencing me as he pushed himself off the wall. 

"I don't want to hear it." He clasped his hands behind him hovering over me as he peered at me. "Whatever excuse you have....doesn't change the fact that you lied to me." I instinctively stepped back as he moved forward. "Do you know the implications of your actions?" I wasn't sure if it was his voice or the cold metal that hit my back that sent shivers down my spine but right now it didn't matter. I just needed to get myself out of this elevator, if not I was going to black out. I wasn't the type that liked tight spaces, as a matter of fact I was claustrophobic. 

Normally being in an elevator didn't scare me....this place was big enough for at least six people and we were just two but the broad man standing in front of me had cornered me and I was suddenly finding it hard to breathe. "W...what are you talking about?" I stuttered. 

"You were drunk..." He drawled. "...in the middle of a club." His temples pulsed as my chest heaved. "What if one of our business associates were in that club, Miss Carter? What if they were there watching you being irresponsible and reckless." He then planted one of his arms on the wall beside me. If I was going to be honest with myself, he was making sense. McCall's midnight lounge was one of the high ranked elite clubs in the city. It was only normal for rich business men to meet up there. "Do you know what they'll be thinking?" He lifted a brow but he didn't wait for me to answer before he spoke again. "Let me tell you what they'll be thinking." He dropped his arm to his side, turning away from me as he moved in small strides to the other side of the elevator and I simply seized the population to catch my breath. 

"They'll think that I let an imprudent, careless, irresponsible woman work for me and...." 

"Mr. Thorne." I drawled cutting him off. I was already sick of hearing him talk and my breathing was calm now. I knew I was in the wrong but that didn't mean I'll let him lecture me like I was a three year old. "I was in a club. At night. The chances of your business associates being in the same club with me were slim but there is no fucking way they were going to recognise me. Especially when the hall was that dark. And come on...." I rolled my eyes. "Just because I work for you doesn't mean I can't live my life anymore." My lips twisted into a frown. 

Just then the elevator doors slid open and as expected no one was on the other side. "Did you just....interrupt me?" He asked, his voice strained with rage as my eyes darted between him and the open doors. He then moved towards the door, giving the door closed button a firm press causing the doors to slide shut. He then spun around, facing me. I'm screwed. "I asked you a question." I'm definitely screwed.
###chapter 47: Why are you here?
Amaris' POV

"Did you just....interrupt me?" He asked, his voice strained with rage as my eyes darted between him and the open doors. He then moved towards the door, giving the door closed button a firm press causing the doors to slide shut. He then spun around, facing me. I'm screwed. "I asked you a question." I'm definitely screwed.

He then closed the distance between us in two strides and my throat bobbed with a hard swallow. He fixed me with a stern gaze, his voice icy and controlled. The only reason I talked over him in the first place was clearly because I was certain I would've been out of the elevator by now.

  "Listen here, doll. I'm a man of respect. You do not toy with me and get away with it. Do you understand?" *What the fuck did he just call me?* Doll?!

As I tried to protests, he grabbed my chin, his grip firm but not painful. He then pushed me back against the cold wall again, his body pressing against mine, a silent threat hanging in the air. "Just because I haven't punished you yet doesn't mean I'm going to spare you." His grip around my chin tightened. My lips parted and my chest heaved as I tried to steady my breathing. His gaze then dropped to my lips and just when I thought he was about to kiss me he pushed me against the wall causing me to bang my head. Hard. I winced as I slid to the ground. "Never interrupt me ever again or else...." He paused before turning to the elevator doors. My head was lowered so all I could see was his feet but I did hear the door slide open. "You'll regret it." I lifted my head just in time to see him leave but gosh my head was killing me. 

I always assumed Caleb was the type of man who didn't hurt women unless they were in the bedroom so I thought I was safe which was why I had the courage to talk back all these times but now...

I reached for the back of my head tapping it gently as it throbbed from the impact. Thankfully there was no blood. I struggled to push myself up, it was useless waiting for someone to come help me....this was Caleb's floor. Yes my office was also here but apart from me no one else stayed on this floor so there was no need for me to wait. I stumbled as I moved out of the elevator but before I could fall I grabbed onto the doors. 

Now I understand why people call him a monster, he was a heartless asshole. A cowards ass jerk. Gosh I wish Mia were here. He won't let me quit and he won't fire me no matter what I do. I should just stop trying because the more I try the more reasons he'll have to punish and I can't keep going through this. Mia was right....maybe I should just ignore him, no matter how much he gets on my nerves or no matter how annoying he is. I was almost at my office when I tripped on my own foot and would've fallen face flat if it wasn't for the hard body standing in front of me. I couldn't tell who he was since my head was clogged and my vision was blurred and for some reason I was hearing a whistling sound. Maybe it was probably because of my head injury. 

Gosh I need to get myself checked and why does this person feel so familiar. Was it Caleb? No he'll never come back for me and this definitely didn't smell like him. But what if it is him. What if he's the one holding me and....

Without giving it any more thoughts I pushed the stranger away and turned to my office. I was hearing a faint voice calling out to me but I ignored it, since it wasn't loud I was probably imagining it. I was reaching my table when I stumbled and I was sure I was going to hit the ground but I felt someone wrap his arm around me. Then it clicked. No wonder that perfume smells so familiar. It was him. 

"Amaris, are you okay? Why aren't you saying anything?" I heard a worried voice ring out, it was difficult to make out what he was saying because of the whistling sound in my ear and my blurry vision. 

"I'm fine..." I winced. "I just hit my head...it's no biggie. I just need to take painkillers."  

"You hit your head, stumbled on your own feet twice and you're telling me it's no biggie? What do you think I am? Ten? You need to go to the hospital." I felt his grip tighten around me as he guided me towards the door again. 

"Mr. Beck. I don't need to go to any hospital...." I pointed towards my desk. "Just help me get the painkillers from my...." 

"Seriously Amaris, painkillers. Just forget about that and I promise I'll take you to the clinic and they'll get you checked and you'll be fine in no time." I heard him say, reassuring me. But the thing was I didn't want to go to the clinic, especially now that Caleb was angry, he'll never permit to leave. I didn't even want to tell Kian that Caleb was the one who hurt me. He was talking about a good reputation right? Now that I think about it....how on earth did he get here right just when I needed him. There's no way it could've been another meet up could it? I moved towards my table and when Kian saw that I was serious about staying in my office he helped me to my chair. 

"What are you doing here?" I asked, breaking the silence after I sat on my swivel chair. 

"What do you mean?" He asked furrowing his brows as he sat on my desk. 

"I mean why are you here? Don't you have work," I spoke softly to reduce the throbbing in my head. "And don't tell me you came here to see Caleb. It's the fucking first day of the week, if you wanted to see him you would have done that yesterday." I told him as I lifted my head up to meet his gaze and his eyes glinted with mirth as he chuckled outloud and I couldn't help but notice the dimples on his cheek. I had to admit he was good looking. Really good looking.

"You're very funny, you know that right." He said, still smiling. "But if you must know.....I came to see you." The throbbing in my head was nothing compared to how my heart skipped. Did he just say he came to see me?!
###chapter 48: What have I done? 
Caleb's POV 

"You're fired." I said in a blunt tone as I leaned back into my chair. It had been exactly three days since Jessica started working for me and still Kiara didn't get the message. Well if she wanted to play dumb I might as well say it to her face. 

"F...fired?" She stuttered. "What do you me..." 

"I'm in no need of your services anymore." I talked over her. "So you're basically useless to me. You know the reason I let you work here and since someone else will be taking over your duties, I don't see any reason for you to stick around anymore." I clasped my hands together as I watched her eyes bulge out. Wow....and I thought she was smart enough to figure it out herself. 

"Someone else?" She gaped at me. Just then, Jessica walked in. She had been standing at the door ever since she noticed Kiara in my office but she didn't want to interrupt. But after seeing Kiara was still in disbelief I guess she decided to make her presence known. 

"Hey sweetheart." She blew her kiss winking at her. The moment Kiara set eyes on Jessica her eyes grew even wider before her brows drew together.

"Jessica? What the heck are you doing here?" I picked Kiara up from the same club where I met Jessica a few days ago so the fact that they knew each other wasn't surprising. 

"Isn't it obvious boo. I'm taking your man..." She closed the distance between them as she planted her hands on her hip. She was wearing a midi dress with a long slit that ran up all the way to her mid thigh. "...and there's nothing you can do about it." She said, causing Kiara to glare at her before glancing at me. 

"Both of you should leave." I ordered. I wasn't ready for any of their nonsense. I was supposed to inspect every department in my company today and it was already 9am. I had no time to waste. 

"Caleb please....you can tell me what I did wrong. I promise I'll change." She clasped her hands together. "Whatever you want just please don't send me away." She stared at me with a pleading look in her eyes and I just stared back, my eyes narrowing with annoyance. 

"Don't make me repeat myself." I got up straightening my suit jacket. "I don't want to see you around my company again, is that clear?" I asked, walking past them. 

"But Caleb..." 

"Is that clear?!" I growled with my back towards them. 

"Yes," she lowered her head. I didn't even know why and when I allowed her to call me by my first name but I just shrugged it off. After all this was the last time we were going to see each other. I glanced at Jessica who just stood a few feet away from Amaris with a blank expression on her face as she stared at me. She probably didn't know what she was getting herself into. A sly grin crept up my face before I immediately squashed it. 

"Good." I dipped my head in a small nod before walking out the door. I was about to get into the elevator when I glanced around the slightly open door a few feet away from me. 

Just because I work for you doesn't mean I can't live my life anymore

Every single damn time I choose to do something fun you always ruin it.

Don't you want all your problems to go away, huh Mr. Thorne? Or are you keeping me for another reason? Hmm?

Fire me. Get a new secretary and then, poof. All your problems will go away.

 My jaw clenched as I watched the elevators closed. I had promised myself that I was going to make today miserable for her but all I did was yell at her in the elevator. I had been waiting for her to come apologize earlier but I didn't see her. I had assumed she was too scared to come to work today but when I bumped into her in my private elevator I was even more furious. I might have gone a bit overboard when I hit her against the metal wall. I let out a small sigh as I pinched between my brows and I didn't even realize when I was walking towards her office. On reaching the door I couldn't help but sneak a peek just in case she was doing something else other than working and decided to quickly change positions the second I walked in. 

I watched her as she typed into her system before glancing at a few files on her table. She then let out a small groan as she reached for the back of her head. "Gosh it hurts." I heard her whisper to herself before staring at her hand. I had hurt many women and killed even innocent children but I couldn't stop the pang of guilt from searing through my chest. 

Feeling guilty over a woman, Thorne? Never thought I'd see the day

"Shut up," I muttered, my lips twisting into a scowl before I pushed the door open causing her to jerk her head towards me. The second she set her eyes on me, her eyes darkened as she pressed her lips in a thin line before dropping her gaze to her screen again.  

"What do you want me to do for you this time?" Her voice rang out as her eyelids dropped. Normally she would have queried me for just walking into her office but instead she just asked me what I wanted her to do. I scoured through my memory thinking of what to say to her since I just walked in on instinct. 

"I'm supposed to be inspecting all the departments today...." I paused and for the first time I couldn't read her facial expression. 

"And?" She pressed on, her eyes still glued to her screen as she typed away. 

"I have an important meeting with one of my business partners. I would have canceled or rescheduled but it's already been postponed twice." I clasped my hands behind my back as I closed the distance between us in small strides. 

"So do you need me to represent you at the meeting or do you want me to conduct the inspection for you?" She finally met my gaze. I didn't understand why but she was surprisingly calm about this. No frowns, no complaints, no reaction, no facial expressions.....just plain. 

"I need you to conduct the inspection while I'm away. Make sure that all departments are making progress and..." 

"Make sure they are working efficiently and meeting their goals and deadlines." She finished. "I'll also have to make sure the products created by each department are of high quality and meet the standards of the company. And of course I shouldn't forget to ensure the departments are communicating and collaborating effectively and sharing the information and resources they all need. Noted." She dipped her head in a small nod before grabbing a folder from her desk. "Anything else?" 

I stared at her, my mind blank and numb before I finally said. "No, that's everything." 

"Great," she glanced at me, nodding again. I stood there glued to the floor as I watched her look through some documents as she furrowed her brows, pressing her lips together. I knew she was in pain but I didn't want to say anything so I just turned to the door taking one last look before walking out. Oh Thorne, what have you done?
###chapter 49: I thought I told you to call me Kian. 
Amaris' POV 

   "All this has been happening and you didn't think to tell me?" Mia gaped at me as she pressed the back of feet together. I finally told her about Kian and how we bumped into each other at work a few weeks ago and he also picked me up the other day when my car was still at the mechanic. I hadn't told her about today yet. I was getting to that part. 

"I was waiting for the right time." I lifted my shoulders in a half shrug. 

"Oh and so now's the right time?" She frowned at me before rolling her eyes. "What happened to last night? And the night before that?" 

"Okay okay I'm sorry." I groaned with a dull expression. "I promise it won't happen again." 

"It better not." She smiled with her eyes closed as she raised her chin an inch higher. 

"You are insane," I let out an exasperated huff as I rolled my eyes. 

"So..." She playfully shoved my shoulders. 

"Oww." I pouted rubbing it gently to relieve the pain. 

"What did you guys talk about?" She wiggled her brows playfully. 

"Nothing." I told her. 

"So you're telling me you bumped into him at work and he drove you home and stopped at a flipping bakery and you guys didn't talk about anything?!" Her eyebrows shot up before they relaxed again. "You should really leave lying to the experts, Ammie." She nodded gently. 

"I'm not lying...." My brows drew together. "We just didn't necessarily have a conversation." 

"Well whatever it was I wanna hear it." She shifted closer, staring at me with an eager look in her eyes. 

"Umm....well we didn't say anything to each other when I bumped into him he was just like Watch where you're going sweetheart and I was like..." 

"Whoa whoa whoa." She waved her palm in the air, cutting me off and that was when I realized I forgot to leave out the sweetheart part. Oh no. "He called you sweetheart?" She gaped at me. To me, Kian calling me sweetheart wasn't such a big deal instead what bothered me was....well him. 

Listen here, doll. I'm a man of respect. You do not toy with me and get away with it.

Maybe it was just a slip of the tongue or maybe doll was just something he called women who annoyed him. Well one thing was for sure, I wasn't telling Mia about it cause she was definitely going to freak out and tell me Caleb was in love with me. I wrinkled my nose in disgust, even the thought of it made me shudder. What he did today....I was never going to forget. 

"It's not a big ideal. Kian's nice to everyone." I told her. 

"Oh wow. You're even calling him by his name." She stared at me with a knowing look in her eyes. 

"He's the one who wanted me to call him by his name. I insisted on calling him Mr. Beck." I said placing my hand on my chest. 

"Mhmmm," a smug smile crept up her face. "What else happened when you bumped into him?" She crawled closer lying on her tummy beside me with her hands cupping her chin. 

"Nothing really." I pressed my lips together. "We only gossipped about Mr. Thorne when he was driving me home the other day. Turns out he knows how annoying he can be too." A small smile spread out on my lips as his words echoed in my ears again. 

That's Caleb for you....I guess he just wants to live up to his name....being the thorn in people's flesh.

I've been friends with him for years...Amaris.

You think I'm nice and sweet.

"He even helped when we bumped into Mr. Thorne in the bakery." I added just so she wouldn't notice that I had been replaying his words in my head. 

"Shut. Up." Her jaw dropped as she sat up immediately. "You're telling me that you guys bumped into your boss at the bakery?" 

"Yup." I dipped my head in a small nod pursing my lips. 

"What happened?" She blinked rapidly. 

"Nothing really." I lifted my shoulders in a casual shrug. "His emotions weren't directed at me...and Kian convinced him that there was nothing going on between us and that he just found me outside the company waiting for a taxi and decided to give me a lift." 

"But is there really nothing going on between you two?" A sly grin spread across her lips. 

"Of Course there's nothing going on between us....he even mentioned his girlfriend today." I blurted out, causing her lips to part in surprise. 

"You guys met today?" Her eyebrows shot up before relaxing into a frown as I looked away from her gaze. "And you didn't tell me?" She slapped my exposed thighs. I loved wearing big shirts and shorts whenever I was going to bed but now I regretted it cause it only gave Mia more room to hit me. I flinched at the sting on my thigh as I frowned at her. Her slaps were always so painful. 

"It slipped my mind." I lied wailing as I secretly cursed myself for being so relaxed around Mia. Well she was my best friend after all. I ended up narrating the whole story to Mia from accidentally using his personal elevator to the pinning to the wall and then meeting Kian. Well...I might have left out the doll part. There was no way I was telling her that. The conversation Kian and I had was more than enough to fill up her inquisitive side. Speaking of my conversation with Kian....if I had to be honest with myself he did keep me company and made me laugh....even though my head hurt even more. I can't believe he was still insisting on taking me to the hospital. My lips curled up in a small smile. Stupid Kian. 

"You? Came to see me?" I furrowed my brows a bit confused. A part of me thought everything was just more hard to understand due to my excruciating headache while the other part was just....well blank. "W...why?" I batted my lashes still trying to process his words. 

"I don't know..." He lifted his broad shoulders in a small shrug. "Maybe I just wanted to hear your side of the story." He said, staring at me, his eyes brimming with an emotion I couldn't quite put my finger on. 

"My side of the story?" I cocked my head. "Sorry Mr. Beck but you're not making any sense." I let out a small laugh. 

"I thought I told you to call me Kian." He narrowed his eyes. 

"Oh..." I blinked. I was still getting used to calling one of Caleb's business partner or should I say *friend* by his name and it was not going well. "...I'm still trying to get used to it." I looked away from his piercing gaze. 

"It's okay..." He leaned back. "I understand." 

"I don't even know how Mr. Thorne is gonna react if he hears me calling you by your name." I told him. I had made up my mind. I wasn't going to try to get on Caleb's bad side anymore. Whatever stupid task he wanted me to do for him, I would do it without any complaints as long as it meant he was going to go away. Even if he wanted me to climb mount Everest I'd do it without complaining. If that's what I had to do to get him off my back then so be it.
###chapter 50: Do you mind exchanging numbers? 
Amaris' POV

     I had made up my mind. I wasn't going to try to get on Caleb's bad side anymore. Whatever stupid task he wanted me to do for him, I would do it without any complaints as long as it meant he was going to go away. Even if he wanted me to climb mount Everest I'd do it without complaining. If that's what I had to do to get him off my back then so be it. 

"Oh that's fine. I already have a girlfriend so...." He shrugged his shoulders. He had a girlfriend? No wonder Caleb was so silent when he saw us at the bakery. 

"Oh..." I raised my brows. "You have a girlfriend." I repeated sizing him up as I tried to sink his words into my brain but there was one thing that didn't quite add up. If he had a girlfriend, why was he so bent up about another woman calling him by his name and what side of the story was he talking about earlier? "Well that's surprising." My lips curled up. 

"Really." He cocked a brow. "And why is it surprising?" He asked quite eager to hear my reply. 

"Well.....first of all you are kind of famous so if you had a girlfriend I'm pretty sure many people would've known but I've never heard anyone mention anything about your girlfriend and secondly you're on the list of the most eligible bachelors in the country....doesn't that mean you're single?" I sized him up. "Don't get me wrong I'm not saying you're lying or anything, it's just...." 

"No...I kind of get what you're saying but having a girlfriend doesn't make me married," he said. "I'm still a bachelor and also....my girlfriend is...." He hesitated before saying. "...Well shy and she doesn't like the whole fame thing I've got going so she just wants to stay hidden." 

"Mhmmm." I stared at him with a scrutinizing look. I didn't know why but I had this nagging feeling that he was lying about this girlfriend of his but as usual I just shrugged it off. "Ok then...what's her name?" I raised my chin an inch higher. 

"Fiona..." He answered. "Would you like to meet her?" He inched closer, narrowing his eyes into thin slits. Every ounce of doubt within me vanished when I heard his words. For him to ask that meant she was real...wait why did I even think his girlfriend was fake in the first place? 

"Nah," I wrinkled my nose. "Not really." I slowly shook my head before silence settled between us and that was when I remembered to ask him what he meant earlier. "Umm....so what story were you talking about?" 

"Oh...yeah. Caleb told me something about you lying to him about a family emergency so you could go clubbing with your best friend." A small gasp escaped my lips as they parted in surprise. No way Caleb actually told him that. What else does he tell him? 

"You know about that?" I narrowed my eyes as a small smile crept up my lips although I wasn't exactly sure why I was smiling. He then dipped his head in a small nod and my smile widened when I realized he came here just because of that. "That's why you came all the way here?!" I glanced around before shifting my gaze back to his eyes. 

"I guess..." He leaned back. "I wasn't really doing anything at the office and my PA handles everything so I had time." He told me. Oh so he had a PA just like his friend. I thought to myself and a part of me couldn't stop from wishing I worked for Kian instead. He seemed like a very easy person to work with and honestly speaking we would've made a really great team. 

"So which part of my story exactly do you want to hear?" I leaned back, relaxing in my chair. 

"Everything." A smug smile spread across his face. "Even the part about your grinding against a stranger's crotch." The smug look on his face turned into a mischievous one as he saw my jaw drop. Did Caleb really see all of that? What else did he see? What else did I do? I couldn't really recall the events that happened at the club that very night but just thinking about the possible things I would have said or done sent shivers down my spine. "What's wrong?" He raised his brows. 

"I thought you came here to hear my side of the story and now you're just assuming I was.....dancing with some stranger." I frowned, avoiding the "grinding against a stranger's crotch" part. 

"Okay I'm sorry," he let out a small chuckle. "I just wanted to see if I could make you mad, looks like it worked." He grinned. 

"No it didn't work." I shoved him in the knee. "Cause I'm not mad. I was just.....well...." I paused searching for the right word to use as Kian arched one of his brows with a knowing look in his eyes as he patiently waited for me to speak, watching me make a fool of myself. "You're annoying." I said as my eyelids dropped watching him as his chest rumbled with laughter. 

"I can be annoying sometimes but I can also be nice and sweet," he smiled, quoting me from the other day as I rolled my eyes looking away. "But you know...." I heard him say as I slowly turned my head to meet his gaze again. His expression was serious now compared to his playful demeanor he portrayed a few seconds ago. "You shouldn't have lied to Caleb. He really hates it when people do that." He said. "I'm even surprised he hasn't hurt you or fired you." My throat bobbed with a hard swallow as I processed his words. He probably thought I hit my head when I was in the elevator and I was going to let him think that. It's not like there was any need to tell him about it, it wasn't like he was going to go confront Caleb for my sake. 

"Yeah...." I played along. "I'm surprised too but who knows he might change his mind and come back to check if I'm doing something wrong and end up punishing me." I said hoping he'd take the bait. "I guess I better get to work then." I pressed my lips together as I reached for the folders in my drawers. 

"Yeah....maybe we can talk later." He pushed himself off my desk. Talk later? "Do you mind exchanging numbers?" He asked waving his phone at me and I couldn't stop myself from smiling. To think that the man standing in front of me now was a fucking business man who earned millions or even billions daily. Who would have thought that he'd be so free and easy to talk to. 

"Not at all," I shook my head, reaching for his phone as he held it over my head. I had completely forgotten about the excruciating pain in the back of my head but I was suddenly reminded when I tilted my head upwards trying to reach for his phone. 

"Oww," I hissed, grabbing the phone from him. 

"It still hurts?" He raised his eyebrows before it relaxed into a disapproving expression. "And you still don't want to go to the clinic." 

"It's fine." I typed my number before handing his phone over to him. 

"How did you even hurt yourself in the first place?" My heart skipped a beat at the sudden question as I scoured through my mind searching for an answer. Gosh....what was I going to tell him now?
###chapter 51: I wonder why Caleb hates you so much 
Amaris' POV

   My heart skipped a beat at the sudden question as I scoured through my mind searching for an answer. Gosh....what was I going to tell him now? 

"I....fell in the elevator and banged my head against the wall. Minor accident." I flashed him a small smile. 

"Minor accident? You could have a concussion. We need to go to the clinic and have you checked." He insisted. 

"Oh come on Kian....we just finished having a normal conversation right? As you can see I'm perfectly fine." I reassured him. "There's no reason for you to worry about me." He narrowed his eyes into thin slits as he glared at me. 

"Ok fine." He buried his hands in his pocket along with his phone. "But If I hear from Caleb that you passed out while working in your office..." He paused before speaking again. "I promise you won't like what's going to happen." 

I could stop myself from bursting out into an amused laughter. "Ok Dad." I drawled. "Now get lost." I gestured for him to go away. 

"Now, now." he waved his finger in the air. "Don't forget that you're speaking to the owner of Beck Luxury Homes." He spoke confidently as I shut my eyes tight, cursing myself for being so casual with him. But isn't that what he asked for in the first place. 

"I'm deeply sorry, your majesty." I bowed my head still sitting on my desk as I placed my left hand on my chest. He was the one who wanted me to call him by his name. Didn't that mean he wanted me to be casual with him? Anyways the smirk on his face indicated that he wasn't actually upset so there was no need for me to panic. "I humbly apologize." 

"I wonder why Caleb hates you so much when you're so likable and easy to talk to." He thought out loud. 

"I know right." I raised my chin higher, seizing the opportunity to boost my self confidence. He then slowly shook his head before turning to the door. It was like luck was on our side because a few minutes later after Kian left Caleb stepped in telling me to conduct the inspection he was supposed to do today since he had a meeting with an important business partner he had to attend. I didn't need him to give me the details. I've been working here for more than six months now so I already knew what to do. Like I said if doing everything he wanted without complaining would make my life less miserable then so be it. 

"Oh my God..." Mia stared at me with a blank expression before looking over my shoulder. "How's your head? Does it hurt?" Her eyes were filled with worry. 

"Just a little. I promise I'm fine." I waved off her comment like I would do to a fly. "I won't let him get to me anymore. I'm just going to do whatever he wants without complaining or even talking to him for that matter..." I muttered that last part to myself. 

"Yeah....he's not worth it." She waved her hand in the air before shifting closer. "Speaking of worth it..." She spoke in hushed tones. "What's up with you and Kian?" She asked, her gaze shifting to my phone which was on the bedside table. She then reached for it. "Has he texted you yet?" I immediately smacked her hand before she could grab it. 

"No..." I furrowed my brows as I let out a small laugh. "Now keep those tiny hands of yours to yourself." I pointed at her before covering myself up with the blanket. 

"Oh come on. I'm not even sleepy." She whined crossing her arms over her chest. 

"But I am." I shut my eyes curling up on her bed. 

"You're lying." My eyes were shut but I could literally see her frowning at me. She was right, I was lying. But it's not like I didn't want to go to sleep, I had work tomorrow for pete's sake and also I didn't want Mia to keep blabbing about Kian. Like he said, he had a girlfriend so there was no way anything could happen between us. Besides, I wasn't even ready for a relationship. "Ammie." She called, shaking me repeatedly. 

"Mia! Go to sleep." I turned to face the other side. "You have work tomorrow." I told her. 

"Doesn't mean we can't stay up just a little late." I heard her say. 

"I thought you were obsessed with getting smooth skin." Since she wasn't going to let me sleep, I decided to blackmail her. "If you stay up late you're going to have dark circles and puffy eyes. You wouldn't want that now, would you?" I asked, earning a grumble from her. And just like that....I didn't hear her voice again. A small smile crept up my lips. She wasn't the only one who knew me too well. Mia and I had been friends since highschool, of course I knew exactly what to say to her to make her keep her mouth shut. A couple of minutes later I turned to check on her and she was off....out like a light. She always did have no problem falling asleep....unlike me. Everytime I shut my eyes to go to sleep...I see him. Those crazy bastards who shot my father. 

"Daddy are you sure mum's not going to be mad at me?" I frowned at my test script before raising my head to meet his gaze. We had a really important test today and I promised my parents that I was going to get an A plus but instead I got a B minus and now I was scared my mum was going to yell at me. 

"Why would she be mad at you sweetheart?" Dad glanced at me before shifting his gaze back to the road. 

"I don't know," I mumbled, dropping the test script in my hand before playing with my fingers. "Mummy yells a lot lately and even when I apologize she still won't talk to me." 

"Ari darling, that's because your mum is stressed. She's going through pains cause there's a baby inside of her so...." He winced. "She might lash out when she's not supposed to. I mean you should have seen her when she was pregnant with you." He let out a small chuckle. "She literally locked me outside the bedroom and told me to sleep on the couch just because I forgot to get her pizza on my way back from work." 

"Really...." My brows shot up. I really loved it when dad told me stories about how he and mum met and how things were before they had me. "She actually did that?" I let out a small giggle. 

"Yes she.....did." Dad's smile wavered when he turned back to the road and I followed his gaze. The bridge we normally drove past on our way home was closed....well not closed, blocked actually. Dad quickly pulled over by the side and got out of the car to check what was wrong. 

"What happened?" I asked as I got out of the car, slamming the door behind me. Just then I noticed two guys approaching us. This area was normally lonely and only a few people crossed this bridge. They were dressed in all black and half of their faces were covered. Dad was so busy trying to move the barricades from the road that he didn't even notice them. I was about moving from the car when I felt a huge arm grab me, pulling me backwards. Just as I was about to scream I felt a hand clamp over my mouth silencing me. 

"Where do you think you're going?" I heard him whisper in my head. I struggled to break out of his hold but it was of no use. He was too strong. I couldn't see the guy behind me but from his sleeve I could tell that he was dressed in all black too. I tried to scream so Dad could hear me but before he could realize what was happening, the two guys grabbed him. Dad would have overpowered them if they were only one of them since they looked way younger but since they were two he was powerless against them. One of them whispered something into dad's ear before reaching into his pockets. Oh no! Was that a gun?
###chapter 52: What did she want to talk about? 
Amaris' POV 

   I tried to scream so Dad could hear me but before he could realize what was happening, the two guys grabbed him. Dad would have overpowered them if they were only one of them since they looked way younger but since they were two he was powerless against them. One of them whispered something into dad's ear before reaching into his pockets. Oh no! Was that a gun?

I tried to scream as loud as I could but I knew there was no use. No one lived around here, no one was going to save us. "You thought you could escape huh?" I heard one of the guys behind dad say while the other placed a gun to his head. Escape? Escape from who? Did dad actually know these people? 

"Please don't harm my daughter. Spare her please." Dad pleaded with them. I struggled shaking my head from side to side so I could speak but he did want to let go. I then clamped down on his hand with my teeth, causing him to let out a sharp cry and release his hold on my mouth. "You can kill me but please don't harm my daughter."

"Daddy what are you saying?!" I cried out. "Do you want these people to kill you?" 

"It's okay sweetheart." He yelled back since he was a bit far away. "Everything is going to be fine." Immediately the guy with the gun kicked him in his hip causing dad to let out a loud groan. I couldn't hear what they were saying but they pointed a gun at him and Dad walked closer and closer to the edge of the bridge with his hands up in the air. 

"Dad?! Daddy?!! What are you doing?" I sobbed screaming so loud that my throat hurt. 

"Shut up." The guy behind me twisted my arm so hard that a sharp pain shot through my shoulder and I let out a piercing scream. He tightened his grip, forcing me to drop to my knees as he continued to wrench my arm behind my back. The pain was so intense that my vision blurred and I struggled to stay conscious. 

"Please don't get her." I heard Dad scream. 

"Shut up, you old man." I blinked rapidly trying to regain my clear vision as my chest heaved. I didn't understand why but I started feeling dizzy and lightheaded all of a sudden. I felt a tingling sensation in my ribs and everything else sounded faint and distant. 

"No. Daddy." I tried to scream but it only came out in hushed tones. Immediately a gunshot echoed through the air, it sounded distant like it was shot miles away and I wish it was but deep down, I knew it wasn't. I tried to open my eyes...I really did but I just couldn't. They must have done something to me...but what? 

"Is he dead?" I heard someone ask. 

"Why are you asking me, go check." Another voice rang out. A few beats passed before I heard another voice. 

"Throw him over the bridge." And that was the last thing I heard before I passed out.

When I woke up, I found myself lying in a hospital bed with my mother by my side. She looked like she had been crying for hours. I asked her where Dad was but she said he was gone. I had hoped everything that happened was a dream when I woke up, the pain, the gunshot, the screaming, but they weren't. It was all real. Every damn thing was real. My dad was gone and I was never going to see him again. 

Throw him over the bridge.

Those cowards. If they thought they were so tough then why did they have their faces covered. If only I knew who they were. I'd make sure they regret every fucking thing they did to us. 

~~~~~~~~~~

Ever since I decided to do everything Caleb asked me to do, life has been so so easy for me. He had stopped coming to my office which was kind of a big deal to me since I loved my privacy but he was still a big thorn in my side. He never missed an opportunity to annoy the crap out of me and he kept giving me ridiculous tasks. 

Like one time he wanted me to visit every stationary store in the city and bring back a sample of every pen I found just because he was looking for a new pen. And he was like "I'll let you know which one I want after I've tested them all." Like what the freaking fudge?! Of Course I didn't complain, I promised myself I wouldn't. 

 Even when he told me to sharpen all the office pencils by hand because he wanted them to be perfectly pointy and aligned by height or the time he made me spend two freaking hours sorting all of the paperclips by color since he only wanted to use the black ones. Like I said if it meant I didn't get to talk to him for more than five minutes I was cool with it. 

The only thing I wasn't cool with was this new mistress of his, Jessica. Kiara was.....well a bit delusional and kind of a pain but at least she was nice to me and didn't give me throbbing headaches and unlike Kiara she didn't work here which made everything far much worse. One time we got into a huge argument just because she thought I started wearing short skirts so I could seduce Caleb. Like who even does that? I thought Kiara was dumb but Jessica? She was crazy. 

I sat at my desk with a cup of latte in my hand enjoying the little time I had to myself when the door swung open. 

"Speak of the devil and she appears." I muttered to myself.

"What was that?" She lifted a brow like she was going to hit me any second. She wishes.

"I said...didn't your mother ever teach you how to knock?" I sized her up with a piercing gaze, my eyes burning with irritation. 

"And give me one reason why I should knock on your door?" She moved towards me with her hand on her hip. 

"Hmm?" I stroked my chin. "Let me think...." I looked upward pretending to think about something. "Oh oh." I said like a hyperactive child trying to get the teacher's attention so he'd pick him to answer a question. "Because you don't work here." My fake smile twisted into a scowl as I glared at her. 

She then rolled her eyes before saying. "I think you should save whatever this is..." She gestured around me. "....for someone else." She crossed her arms over her chest before letting out a small sigh. "I came here to talk to you about something." She says with a dull expression. 

Jessica? Wants to talk to me about something? And she kind of looked serious about it? I stared at her with a scrutinizing look as I tried to read her eyes. What on earth did she want to talk about?
###chapter 53: Don't tell me you think he's in love with you too? 
Amaris' POV 

Jessica crossed her arms over her chest before letting out a small sigh. "I came here to talk to you about something." She says with a dull expression. 

Jessica? Wants to talk to me about something? And she kind of looked serious about it? I stared at her with a scrutinizing look as I tried to read her eyes. What on earth did she want to talk about? 

"I'm listening." I lifted a brow mirroring her position. 

"I want you to resign." I batted my lashes as I replayed her words in my head again. Did she just say resign? Why the hell did she want me to resign? 

I let out an exasperated sigh as I rolled my eyes. "Honey, if I could resign, I would have done it a long time ago. Do you think I enjoy working for that.....Mr. Thorne." I quickly corrected myself. I wasn't ready for Jessica's drama right now. Who knows what tantrum she's going to throw if I actually called Caleb names in front of her. Don't call him names he's my baby? Or How dare you call my baby boo names? Have some respect. Ugh. 

"Ok then. What's stopping you?" She asked, causing my brows to shoot up. 

"What's stopping me? What's stopping me? What's stopping me is anytime I try to resign your baby doesn't let me." My lips twisted into a frown. "Why do you want me to resign anyway?" I didn't understand why she would want me out of Caleb's company. It wasn't like she was working here and she wanted to take my position. Looking at Jessica, she doesn't even look like someone who'd want to ruin her polished nails, let alone work. 

"Because...." She drawled. "...I don't want you around Caleb." She hesitated a bit before telling me. My brows drew together as I processed her words. She didn't want me around Caleb? What does that even mean? 

I batted my lashes. "I'm sorry. What now? You don't want me around Mr. Thorne? I'm confused. Please explain." I told her. 

"And here I thought you were smart." She lifted a brow and I ignored her snide comment. "I don't want you around Caleb because I don't want you around Caleb. Do you need an explanation to understand that?" She said, Oh I get it now. She didn't want me to be around Caleb because she saw me as a threat. It took everything in me not to laugh out loud....she actually saw me as a threat. I let out a small scoff. Like I'd ever have anything to do with Caleb....he was a jerk, nothing but a pain and a thorn in my flesh. 

"Listen sweetheart....I'm not the one who's going to snatch your bunny boo away from you." I said with air quotes. "So relax." I leaned back in my chair.

Her brows furrowed as she asked. "What do you mean you're not the one who's going to snatch him away from me?" 

"Oh Jessica." I lightly packed my forehead. "Don't tell me you think he's in love with you too?" A mocking smile crept up my lips. I waited for her to say something but she didn't, she just stared at me so I kept talking. "Mr. Thorne's going to dispose of you when he's tired just like he did with Kiara so if I were you I'd cherish your so called time with him since you all adore him so much." I said my voice, laced with sarcasm. I picked up the cup of latte I had dropped earlier, taking a small sip as I watched her stare at me. 

"What?" I cocked a brow. "Why are you staring at me like that? You think Mr. Thorne is going to be with you forever and then marry you because he's in love with you all of a sudden?" I asked before letting out a loud laugh earning a scowl from her. "Dream on girl." I lifted the cup to my lips before saying. "There's a reason he's called the cold hearted tycoon. Do you want to know why?" A smile crept up my lips and even though she just glared at me, I carried on. "It's because he doesn't care about other people's feelings. So I'm going to give you some advice now...." I slowly tapped my finger on the cup in my hands. "You can run away, leave....before you get too attached and be all miserable like Kiara." I didn't know why but I actually felt bad for Kiara....maybe it's because she was nice to me. Even though I'm not sure if she was actually in love with him or not. He hurt her...and now what was she going to tell her mum. 

"You took Mr. Thorne away from Kiara and someone else will take him away from you and it would probably be like that till he dies because the Mr. Thorne I know won't fall for anyone." I swayed my swivel chair from side to side. 

"I know what you're doing." She narrowed her eyes into thin slits as she pointed at me. I watched her with a bored expression as I sipped on my latte. "You're trying to get rid of me so you'll have Caleb all to yourself." 

I scoffed, dropping my cup on my desk. "Think what you want to boo. We're not even friends or co workers and I'm giving you advice....if you're smart enough you'll listen but if you're not....well we all know what's going to happen." 

"Nice try. Well unlike you....I've got a pretty face and a sexy body." She raised her chin an inch higher as she looked down on me. "I can make any man fall for me." She spoke confidently. 

I choked on my laughter. "And you think Kiara didn't have a pretty face and a sexy body too?" I arched a brow as I pushed myself off my chair. "Do what you want and don't hate me for laughing at you when Mr. Thorne sends you away." I said as something dark flashed in her eyes. "Well....it certainly hasn't been nice speaking to you." I pushed my seat aside as I stood beside my table, gesturing towards the door. "You can leave now." 

"I'll show you." Her eyes narrowed into thin venomous slits as she walked to the door. 

"Oh and I'll be watching." My lips curled up. I tailed behind her watching her leave before closing the door behind her. 

"Ugh!" I let out a small groan. "What a bitch." I let out a small sigh before heading to my table. 

You took Mr. Thorne away from Kiara and someone else will take him away from you.

Deep down, I couldn't help wishing that someone else was much nicer and not a pain in the ass or probably by then I won't work here anymore. I let out another loud sigh as I collapsed in my chair. Oh how amazing life would be if I didn't see him anymore. I leaned back in my chair with my head thrown back as I spun around. No more stress, no more ridiculous tasks, I could probably take days off if I wanted to and I won't have to give a two weeks notice. I shut my eyes thinking about all the advantages I'd have if I didn't work here anymore but my thoughts were interrupted when I heard a familiar voice and the recognizable squeak of the door as it creaked open.

"Caleb? Are you in here?" I jerked my head towards the door. I half expected Jessica to be standing by the door with some other foolish thing to say but I was stunned when I saw the woman at the door. What was she doing here and why was she looking for Caleb?
###chapter 54: Would you like some? 
Amaris' POV 

    I shut my eyes thinking about all the advantages I'd have if I didn't work here anymore but my thoughts were interrupted when I heard a familiar voice and the recognizable squeak of the door as it creaked open.

"Caleb? Are you in here?" I jerked my head towards the door. I half expected Jessica to be standing by the door with some other foolish thing to say but I was stunned when I saw the woman at the door. What was she doing here and why was she looking for Caleb? 

"Oh...." Her brows shut up when she realized the person sitting at the table wasn't Caleb. "...my apologies I..." She paused. She probably didn't notice we met before, well until now that is. "It's you..." Her face lit up as she pushed the door open. 

"Mrs....." I was about calling her Mrs. Thorne but I immediately remembered that she was also Kian's mother so I didn't know if she liked being called Mrs. Thorne or Mrs. Beck. Then again she wasn't their real mother so...

"Oh my goodness it's actually you." A grin spread across her face as she closed the door behind her before walking towards me. Since I didn't know what to say to her I just flashed her an awkward smile. 

"Good...." I paused, glancing at the clock. I wasn't sure what the time was so I needed to confirm if it was still morning. It wasn't. "...Good afternoon Mam." I was certain I looked so weird at that moment but what could I do? I didn't know what to call her and I didn't know why she was so happy to see me. "It's nice to meet you again." I got up from my seat gesturing towards the empty seat in front of my desk. "Would you like to sit down?" 

"Oh come on." She waved off my offer like she would do to a fly. "I didn't come here for a meeting." She said and that was when I noticed the basket in her hand. The lid was firmly secured, keeping its content a secret from prying eyes. I could also hear the faint rustling of cellophane and the crinkling of paper as she moved. My nose twitched as a sweet aroma wafted towards me, I didn't have to look into the basket to know it was filled with freshly baked cookies.

I inhaled deeply, taking another sniff. Red velvet to be precise. They almost smelt as good as mum's. Almost. A small smile crept up my lips as the delicious scent swirled through the air. I wasn't sure yet but the scent was tantalizing enough to make my mouth water. Well I wasn't surprised though....she did remind me of mum when we first met so it was only normal if she was good at baking. "Ok then...I'm guessing you came to see your son?" I lifted a brow. 

"Well I did...." She said dropping the basket on my table. "...but then I bumped into you." She let go of the handle. "Ever since that day we met at the ice cream shop I've always wanted to see you again..." Her cheery tone suddenly switched to a sad one. "...but Caleb always said no." 

"Of Course he did." I muttered to myself as I rolled my eyes. "Well....." I smiled at her. "I don't understand why you wanted to see me so badly but....here I am." I spread out my arms earning a low chuckle from her. 

"I baked cookies." She lifted the lid covering the basket. "Would you like some?" I looked into the basket and the vibrant crimson cookies stared back at me from their nestled position in the basket and a grin spread out on my lips when I saw that I was right. The cookies were adorned with a delicate swirl of cream cheese frosting which caused my tummy to grumble, urging me to have a taste. I could practically almost taste the crumbly, velvet soft texture of the cookies. "I promise I didn't poison them." She says her tone laced with sarcasm. 

My chest rumbled with laughter. "I would love to." I smiled, grabbing a cookie from the basket as she grinned back at me. "Thank you so much Mrs....Beck." I went with the first name that dropped in my head. 

"You can call me Miranda." Her eyes glinted with a warm affection as she closed the basket. 

"Oh no." I said after taking a small bite of the cookie. "I certainly can't do that." I politely rejected her offer. I couldn't picture calling Caleb and Kian's mother by her actual name. That was just wrong. 

"Ok then...call me mother." A somewhat mischievous glint flashed in her eyes. 

"Mother?" My brows drew together. 

"Yes?" She raised her brows and I couldn't help but smile. 

I opened my mouth to protest but I couldn't find the exact words to say to her. "You've already called me mother...I don't see why you should stop." She lifted her shoulders in a half shrug. 

"Alright then....mother." I drawled. "As you might have already heard...I'm Amaris." I placed my hand on my chest. 

"Oh I have heard. Kian won't stop talking about you everytime he comes to visit." She said but then she quickly placed one of her hands on her lips like she had just said something she wasn't supposed to. 

"Kian?" I batted my lashes. "He talks about me?" I cocked my head. 

"Well....yeah." She hesitated before saying. "He does. At our last family dinner, he mentioned something about you lying to Caleb so you could go clubbing with your friend." She narrowed her eyes into thin slits as a small smile formed on her lips. 

"You know about that too." I winced, finishing the cookie in my hand. 

"I don't actually see it as a bad thing though. Everyone deserves to have fun right?" She shrugged her shoulders. Unlike Caleb, she actually got me. Just because I worked for him didn't mean I couldn't have fun but no...he didn't even want to see me smile. It was like he had a sixth sense for when I was happy because that was always when he came with his ridiculous tasks. Whether it was stupid or not, he didn't care as long as it took away my joy. Like who does that? I knew he couldn't stand seeing me happy but he could just walk away. Did he have to go out of his way to ruin it every single time. 

Miranda must have noticed the change in my mood because she suddenly placed her free hand on my shoulder. "Sweetheart I know working for Caleb can be a pain sometimes..." Most times. "....and I also know he can be incredibly annoying most of the time..." I pressed my lips together forcing myself to not say anything as she spoke. Caleb? Annoying? Most of the time? I can't even think of a time I greeted him and he actually answered. "....but trust me he means well and look on the bright side. You work for one of the biggest companies in the city and you get paid handsomely." I let out a small sigh. I didn't want to argue with Miranda....Caleb might have been sweet to her but he was horrible to me. Completely horrible....but I wasn't going to say that to her. I just hope she never finds out the things her son did behind her back.
###chapter 55: I can show you his office. 
Amaris' POV

    I let out a small sigh. I didn't want to argue with Miranda....Caleb might have been sweet to her but he was horrible to me. Completely horrible....but I wasn't going to say that to her. I just hope she never finds out the things her son did behind her back. "I know." I sighed again. "I've tried working with him. I really have but he always finds one way or another to get on my nerves." She dropped her hand to her side as she listened. "And it's so freaking annoying. I've even tried resigning but he won't let me. Maybe one of these days I'll probably lose it." I pinched my nose bridge. "That is if I haven't lost it already." I didn't know why but I couldn't help but feel like a woman who was complaining to her mother-in-law about her husband which was really weird. 

"I'm sorry dear. I wish there's something I can do to help." The light in her eyes dimmed and I felt a pang of guilt in my chest. 

"It's fine. Like you said he's not that bad..." I said, trying to cheer her up. "Besides, it's not like I'm with him 24/7." I shrugged. I probably would have died if I was with him 24/7. She flashed me a weak smile before lifting her basket from the table. I didn't understand why she was so sad. She already knew how Caleb was so there was no reason for her to look so gloomy. 

"You wanted to see Caleb?" I asked, trying to switch gears. Well I wasn't exactly changing the topic but I at least wanted her to talk to me. 

"Yes." She dipped her head in a small nod. "I was told his office was on the top floor but I wasn't told which one it was." She said and I immediately moved around my desk so I could lead her to the door. 

"Don't worry." I told her. "I can show you his office." I moved towards the door. "I'm guessing the cookies are for him?" I twisted the door knob pulling the door open before turning to her. 

"Yes." She answered. "I already stopped by Kian's company. If not , I would've been here earlier." I waited for her to move out before closing the door. She let out a small chuckle before saying, "If I didn't stop him, I don't think there'll be any more cookies left for Caleb." A mental image of Miranda batting Kian's hand away from the basket flashed in my head and I couldn't help but smile. 

"Kian can be stupid at times but he is very sweet." I said as we walked towards Caleb's office. 

"You're friends with him aren't you?" She asked with an eager look in her eyes. 

"Well...I wouldn't say friends...yet." I let out a small laugh. "More of....acquaintances, I guess." I said, earning a smile from her. 

"Oh that's lovely. It would be nice if you could stop by some time..." 

"Huh?" I jerked towards her. What on earth did she mean by stop by some time? 

"Oh you know....visit. Or maybe you can join us for our monthly dinner. Oh watch out..." She pulled me out of the way just in time before I crashed into a flower pot. I was so engrossed in our conversation that I didn't even pay attention to where I was walking. 

"Oh..." I froze, batting my lashes. It took me a few seconds to realize that she just saved me from hurting myself. I guess my brain actually worked slower than I thought....it wasn't any surprise what was causing it though. I thought to myself as I glanced at Caleb's door. I so need a break from all of this. "Thank you." 

"It's nothing. I was the one who distracted you so it was only fair I helped you out of the way." We walked closer to the door. "So what do you say?" She raised her eyebrows and that was when I realized I didn't say anything about her request earlier which was even the reason I almost bumped into the flower pot in the first place. 

"Oh...." I shifted my gaze to the path in front of me. "Family dinner? Are you sure you want me there? After all it's your family dinner....is there any need for me to be there?" I lifted a brow. "I can come some other time right?" 

She pressed her lips into a thin line as we arrived at Caleb's door. "You're right. I guess you can visit some other time." She tried to hide her disappointment with a smile and I couldn't help but feel guilty for the second time today but what could I do? It wasn't like I was one of her son's girlfriends that I could join them at their family house for dinner. A mental image of Caleb in a somewhat casual attire and me wrapping my arms around him as we walked into the house flashed in my head and I couldn't help but shudder at the thought. Kian on the other hand....he wasn't so bad but he already had a girlfriend. 

"I promise I'll visit when I can." I placed my hands on hers reassuring her. "Then maybe we can bake cookies together." I told her and her eyes suddenly lit up as she smiled at me. A satisfied smile formed on my lips as I dropped my hands to my side before turning to the door. At least I got her to smile before we got to his office. Oh right. My lips twisted into a frown. His office. I sucked in air before letting it out. I then muttered a little prayer to myself before knocking on his door. I leaned in, pressing my ear against the cold wood. No answer.

I rolled my eyes annoyed before hitting my knuckles against the door again. "What is it?" I heard from the other side of the door. A simple come in would have been much nicer but I guess I'll go with that. I let out another exhale before saying. 

"Mr. Thorne you have a visitor." I spoke loud enough for him to hear. I leaned in again waiting for a response but it never came. "It's your mother." I said impatiently. I couldn't wait any longer. I was wearing heels for fucks sake and I definitely didn't want to spend more than a minute here with his royal jerkiness. 

"Sorry..." I turned to Miranda. "He's always like this." I shifted my gaze back to the door before letting out a small groan. I was about to knock again when the door swung open with surprising force, causing a sudden shift in balance that sent me stumbling forward. I tried to regain my footing, but my heels only added to my instability. Before I knew it, I had tripped and fallen into his arms, barely catching myself before hitting his hard chest. I lifted my head slowly meeting a pair of dark orbs staring back at me and I couldn't stop the cold chill from running down my spine. I definitely should have stayed in my office today.
###chapter 56: I don't give a damn about what he thinks. 
Amaris' POV 

I shifted my gaze back to the door before letting out a small groan. Why did he always have to be like this? Even when I told him that his mother was at the door. I looked down at my pair of toe-covered heels staring back at me. I knew I should have brought an extra pair of *more* comfortable shoes. My legs are killing me. 

I was about to knock again when the door swung open with a  surprising force, causing a sudden shift in balance that sent me stumbling forward. I tried to regain my footing, but my heels only added to my instability. Yup I definitely shouldn't have worn this pair of heels today. Before I knew it, I had tripped and fallen into his arms, barely catching myself before hitting his hard chest. I lifted my head slowly meeting a pair of dark orbs staring back at me and I couldn't stop the cold chill from running down my spine. I definitely should have stayed in my office today. 

I immediately moved away from him, almost tripping again. I then dusted my clothes before clasping my hands behind my back. "Sir, your mother's here to see you." I cleared my throat trying my best to ignore the intrusive beating of my heart which was completely normal considering the fact that I almost fell. Deep breaths. Deep breaths. Deep breaths. You're okay. Caleb glared at me for a few seconds before shifting his gaze to his mother. 

"She didn't know where your office was so I decided to show it to her." I said before turning to leave. I had shown Miranda to his office. There was no other reason for me to hang around anymore. 

"I don't remember giving you permission to leave." His reverberated through my body like a rich baritone saxophone causing me to halt in my tracks. "Mother....what were you doing with her?" I heard him say. 

"Oh come on Caleb. This is my first time here and I didn't know where your office was." She told him. 

"And....you could have asked anyone else to accompany you." 

"She offered to help. You know....I don't get why you dislike her so much. She's such a sweetheart." I could practically hear him clench his jaw after hearing his mother's words. I then turned around to face them, this was clearly a mother-son talk and I wasn't supposed to be here so I didn't understand why Caleb had stopped me earlier. 

"Please permit me to leave. I have a lot of things to do." I told him as politely as I could. I didn't exactly have a lot of things to do but as I said earlier I didn't want to spend one more second here. 

"Amaris dear you can go." Caleb's mother sent a warm smile my way as she dipped her head in a small nod. I redirected my gaze to Caleb who glared at me like he was going to strangle me to death if he had the chance. Well, if his mother permitted me to go, then I guess there was no stopping me now. 

I turned on my heel making my way to my office even though I still felt the heat of Caleb's stare on my back. I understood he hated me but that didn't mean I couldn't even show his mother to his fucking office and to think I actually made him look good in front of his mother. Twice. 

"He's such an ass." I walked into my office rolling my eyes. I was about closing the door behind me when it suddenly stopped and I felt a firm presence preventing me from shutting it completely. That was when I noticed the foot sticking out behind the door. No it couldn't be. I didn't hear anyone walking behind me so there was no way he would have followed me all the way to my office without making a sound, right? 

I tried pushing the door close but his leg didn't budge, it was like it was rooted to the spot. Since my efforts to close the door were proving futile, I stepped back, watching in dismay as Caleb barged in, his presence filling the room with an uncomfortable tension. Ugh! What did he want now?

My lips twisted into a scowl as our eyes met, I then immediately turned my back to him as I headed to my desk. "I don't want to see you anywhere near my mother again." His voice sent chills coursing through me as a wave of goosebumps spread across my skin. So the only reason he followed me all the way to my office is simply because he didn't want to see me anywhere near his mother again?! Ok I got the fact that he despised me but I wasn't going to murder her. He's incredibly stupid if he thought I was going to harm his own mother. I fought the urge to roll my eyes as I muttered a response while turning back. 

"Noted." 

Suddenly a gust of wind caressed my shoulder, followed by a forceful grip that sent me spinning around to face him. "Look at me when I'm talking to you, Miss Carter." He drawled, tightening his grip on my shoulders. From the look on his face I could tell that he was waiting for me to probably lose it and yell at him but that was never going to happen. 

"Noted," I repeated with a long drawl as I locked eyes with him. "And in case you've forgotten your mother is waiting in your office with a basket of cookies...." With a subtle shift of my body, I managed to disengage his grasp from my shoulder. "So if I were you I'd hurry back to her so they don't get cold. I'm sure she put in a lot of work and love when she baked those cookies for you...." I dusted the spot where his hand was like I'd just been touched by the most disgusting creature on earth. "So she'd be incredibly disappointed if you didn't eat them." I raised my chin an inch higher with an inscrutable expression. Satisfaction filled my insides as I heard his low growl. I then turned on my heel before moving towards my table. I didn't care about the burning sensation on my back. He could glare at me all he wanted, I didn't give a damn about what he thought. All I knew is I was never going to give him the satisfaction of getting a rise out of me ever again.
###chapter 57: That was never going to happen. 
Caleb's POV 

     Nothing infuriated me more than when my plans were disrupted and Amaris.....she was the number one reason nothing went my way anymore. Ever since I let her work for me, things had never gone the way I wanted. And most importantly ever since I lashed out on her in the elevator...she seemed a bit different which was beginning to become very annoying. She keeps doing everything I ask without complaining no matter how stupid or ridiculous it may sound. Well....there was no need to worry about her now. I'll definitely get her to lose her temper sooner or later. Now I just needed to focus on....her. 

"....and to think I told her that you were a nice person." Miranda stared at me with a disappointed look on her face. 

"Mother you know the only person I've ever been nice to in this world is you and only you." I let out an exasperated sigh. "Now sit down..." I gestured towards the empty seat on the other side of my desk. "You're going to wear yourself out if you keep standing." 

"I don't want to sit." She huffed. 

I let out a small laugh. "What do you mean you don't want to sit?" 

"I'm mad at you." She dropped the basket she was holding on my desk. A part of me secretly hoped that Amaris had simply caught a whiff of the cookies' fragrance, rather than actually setting her eyes upon them. The mere thought of Miranda offering her the same cookies she was going to give to me made my skin crawl. 

A small smile crept up my lips as I leaned back in my seat. "Okay. Why are you mad at me then?" 

"Why can't you just be nice to her...." My smile froze before contorting into a frown. I should have known that this would be about Amaris. "...I know she's your secretary and it wouldn't be fair if you're only nice to her but..." 

"Mother. Can we please not talk about Miss Carter. I mean like come on. You went out of your way to bake cookies when you should have been resting and on top of that you came all the way here by yourself to give them to me and instead of us talking about something more interesting and fun, you're telling me to be nice to her?" My brows drew together, a physical manifestation of my frustration. 

Her chest moved as she let out a pent up sigh before sitting on the chair I had offered earlier. "Here..." She pushed the basket towards me. "I made you cookies." She said with an unreadable expression. 

Great. Now my mother was mad at me all because of some stupid woman. I should've just said no that night she asked if she could go out for a walk, then maybe none of this would've happened. The main reason I didn't want Miranda and Amaris to meet again is because I knew Miranda and she was too trusting. Now she sees Amaris as an angel and now she won't stop talking about her. Even though she hasn't said anything yet I was keenly aware that she hoped for a deeper connection between Amaris and I, but her wishes were destined to remain unfulfilled, as I was determined to keep my distance from Amaris. 

"So now you're mad at me." I grabbed a cookie from the basket. 

"I was already mad at you." She leaned back with a scowl. With a bored expression I took a bite of the cookie, the rich sweetness bursting across my taste buds. I always knew Miranda was talented in cooking and baking but she never ceases to amaze me every single time. 

"They're delicious." I flashed her a smile but she averted my gaze staring at any other thing apart from my face. Normally she'd smile back at me or act modest but now she just ignored me which meant she was really mad at me. My smile faltered as I took another bite of the buttery velvety cookie. As I chewed the cookie's taste lost its luster as though my annoyance had leached the sweetness away.

And in case you've forgotten your mother is waiting in your office with a basket of cookies....so if I were you I'd hurry back to her so they don't get cold.

She offered to help. You know....I don't get why you dislike her so much. She's such a sweetheart.

Please permit me to leave. I have a lot of things to do.

My jaw twitched as I replayed the whole scene in my head. I hated her so much that even hearing people talk about her got me pissed off. It was like she was acting this way on purpose just to get back at me for pushing her against the wall in the elevator a few days ago. I picked up another cookie from the basket. Yes they didn't taste as good as they did earlier but that didn't mean I was going to stop eating them. Also I rarely had the opportunity to indulge in snacks at work so I decided to make the most of this brief interlude by helping myself to Miranda's scrumptious cookies while I contemplated my next move. 

I was supposed to be in South Korea by next week and I wasn't sure if I could leave Amaris in charge of everything especially when she was acting......different. And I definitely couldn't take her all the way to South Korea. Then I'll have to see her everyday which will be exceedingly annoying. But if I....

"So you're not going to even apologize to me?" Miranda's words pulled me out of my thoughts and that was when I realized that she was still here. My vision cleared and then I could see a pair of brown eyes staring back at me like I had just stolen from her. She wanted me to apologize to her? Because I didn't want to be nice to Amaris? I blinked trying to process my situation. 

"I thought you didn't want to talk to me?" A small smile crept up my lips as I dusted the crumbs off my fingers. I then leaned closer, resting my hands on my desk. Her frown deepened as she dragged her basket away from the table dropping them on her thighs. I loved Miranda but I loved her even more when she acted like a child instead of an elderly lady. 

"That doesn't mean you're not going to apologize." Her brows drew nearer. 

"Okay. I'm sorry." I apologized. To her I was apologizing because I refused to do what she said to me I was apologizing because I made my mother mad and as for being nicer to Amaris. That was never going to happen.
###chapter 58: Was he lying to me? 
Amaris' POV 

    The past few days have been the best days of my life. Caleb had been on a business trip to South Korea and as expected he didn't leave me in charge of his company. It wasn't surprising that he left his company in Kian's hands. If I were him which was incredibly impossible I would have done the same thing since he didn't trust his fucking secretary or in this case PA. Well it's not like I was losing anyway, a few weeks ago I had wished I worked for Kian instead of Caleb and now I actually got my wish. 

Although he wasn't around every time since he had his own duties to attend to but whenever he was around he always ended up making me wish he stayed longer. He was always in my office....always telling me stories of how he got to his current position, he even brought me lunch when I was too busy to get it myself. To be honest I didn't see him as my boss or anything but a friend.....well I did call him by his name so yes we were friends. Too bad he had a girlfriend....then I wouldn't feel bad if I found myself flirting with him. 

"Good morning Amaris." Kian walked into my office with a  box in his hand. I narrowed my eyes into slits before dropping the pen in my hand. He wasn't supposed to be here until tomorrow, so why was he here now? Unknown to Caleb he did leave me in charge of things whenever he couldn't come. I wonder how Caleb was going to react if he actually found out that I was the one running things and not Kian. I shifted my gaze to the box in his hand. It was wrapped with a beautiful ribbon and filled with colorful cupcakes. 

A small smile formed on my lips before I leaned closer to my table, clasping my hands together. "Doesn't it strike you as inappropriate and unprofessional for a girl's boss to greet his employee?" I lifted a brow. 

"A simple good morning would have been nice but I'll take it." He said dropping the box of cupcakes on my desk as I let out a light chuckle. I enjoyed teasing him just as he enjoyed taunting me. 

"What's this?" I asked, knowing perfectly well that they were cupcakes. 

 "Their cupcakes." He drawled, arching a brow. "I saw them on my way here and thought you'd like them." He pushed them closer to me.

"And what if I don't." My smirk widened as I pushed the box of cupcakes towards him. "What if..." I lifted a finger. "I'm allergic or what if I hate cupcakes?" I leaned back in my seat. "What will you do then?" 

"I guess I'll have them all to myself then." He shrugged his shoulders before grabbing the box and pulling off the ribbon. I then lazily rolled my eyes as he took out a cupcake from the box. "But I doubt you'd ever be allergic or hate stuff like this." He waved the cupcake in my face. "Especially when you spend twenty minutes stuffing your face with pastries everyday." He took a bite out of the cupcake which was supposed to look completely normal but it was anything but that. If I was going to be honest it did look kind of sexy. The way he smiled before biting into the cupcake, the way he locked eyes with me as he licked the cream off his lips. So sexy. 

"You are insane." I said, earning a chuckle from him as I shook my head slowly before pulling the box of cupcakes towards me. "You know it's rude to eat the same cupcakes you offered me without my permission right?" I took out another cupcake from the box. 

"But you did give me permission." He circled around my table sitting on my desk before lifting the cupcake to his lips. "Didn't you?" He pointed the cupcake towards me. "You said you didn't want them so why is a cupcake in your hand right now?" He took another bite.

"I never said I didn't want them." I ran my hands over the cupcake wrapping before dipping my finger in the fluffy, frosted topping. I then wrapped my lips around my finger spreading it across my tongue. The sweet, sugary flavor exploded in my mouth coating my taste buds and I had to admit it was pretty good. I closed my eyes, savoring the creamy flavor that lingered on my tongue. "I said what if." I slowly withdrew my finger from my lips before pointing it at him. He narrowed his eyes into thin slits as his lips curled up before he hummed a reply. 

"So I'm guessing you like it?" He lifted his brows as an expectancy glint flashed in his eyes. 

"I don't....it tastes horrible." I said with a bored expression. I wanted to tease him again, see how he was going to react but instead it backfired. 

"That's not what your face said a few seconds ago." He leaned closer waggling his cupcake in my face as a mischievous grin crept up his lips. 

"Oh yeah and what did my face say?" I lifted my chin an inch higher with a challenging look. 

"Your face saidThis is the best cupcake I've ever had in the entire universe and I've never ever tasted anything like it before." 

"Oh really?" I narrowed my eyes as I peered at him. 

"Ofcourse." He dipped his head in a small nod. I glared at him for a while before finally dropping my gaze to the box of cupcakes. "What are you doing here anyway?" I brought the cupcake to my lips. "You're not supposed to be here until tomorrow." I said before taking a bite. If the icing was enchantingly sweet, the cupcake was a heavenly treat. How on earth could something taste so fucking good. Kian probably noticed the change in my expression cause the next the thing he says was, 

"See...you like it." 

"You haven't answered my question." My lips twisted into a frown.

"What? So I can't come and check on my brother's company anymore?" 

"You have other important things to do." I told him. 

"My PA's handling it. I was free so I decided to come." He lifted his shoulders in a half shrug. 

"And you're still going to come tomorrow?" I wrinkled my forehead before taking another bite of my cupcake. 

"Sure. Why not?" 

"Because you have other important places to be as the owner of Beck Luxury Homes." I drawled. 

"Like I said, my PA's handling it." He took another cupcake from the box. "Are you.... chasing me away?" 

"No." I closed my eyes as I lifted my chin. "I just think it's abnormal for a guy with a girlfriend to be working when he's free." I always made sure to remind myself that he had a girlfriend so I would cross the boundaries I set out for myself. His eyebrows shot up like he suddenly remembered something before a small smile formed on his lips. 

"Oh right. I have a girlfriend." He says almost sarcastically. Was he joking? Did he actually have a girlfriend or was he just lying to me?
###chapter 59: He did not just say that. 
Amaris' POV

    I always made sure to remind myself that he had a girlfriend so I would cross the boundaries I set out for myself. His eyebrows shot up like he suddenly remembered something before a small smile formed on his lips. 

"Oh right. I have a girlfriend." He says almost sarcastically. Was he joking? Did he actually have a girlfriend or was he just lying to me? Or maybe he just didn't like her very much. But if he did he could just break up with her right? "You know I'm starting to think you don't have a girlfriend." I tilted my head. 

"If you're starting to think that that means you must be very gullible." He let out a small laugh. 

I wasn't just starting to think it. I had my doubts from the very moment Kian mentioned his girlfriend but I just wanted to mind my business and not say anything and he knew that but there was also something that was very confusing....why did he lie? "I am not gullible Kian." I drawled. "I just didn't want to say anything." I shrugged my shoulders. "It's your life....you lying about having a girlfriend is none of my business." I said nonchalantly hoping that he was going to tell me why he lied about having a girlfriend. 

"Oh so you don't want to know why I lied?" He scrunched his forehead.

"Like I said....none of my business." I sank my teeth into the cupcake as I locked eyes with him. Of Course I wanted to know why he lied but I was never going to tell him that. 

He mirrored my actions as he narrowed his eyes. "You're lying." 

"What makes you think I'm lying?" I lifted my brow. 

"Oh I don't think...I know." He lowered his voice at that last part as he leaned closer. "I know that if not for your pride you would have been on your knees right now begging me to tell you why I lied about having a girlfriend." He spoke in hushed tones. "Isn't that right Amaris?" He said when our faces were inches away giving me a chance to gaze into his stunning green eyes, vibrant green hues that danced and swirled like a meadow of new spring grass, swaying in the breeze. They were framed by thick, dark lashes, which only seemed to highlight their beauty. Why was he looking at me like that? 

"Wrong." I said with a bored expression before pushing him away. "So wrong." A small smile crept up his face as his lips twisted into a frown. "I have no business with your personal friends." A self-assured glint flashed in my eyes as my smile broadened, my chin lifting slightly in a display of confident pride. 

"Ouch." He moved back before getting up from the desk. "And here I thought that we were friends." He finished the cupcake in his hand before dusting his palms. 

"We are friends." I corrected him. "We're just not close friends." I told him. "And technically speaking whenever we are in this....vicinity." I gestured around. "You are my boss' friend and not mine." I tilted my head to the side. I knew we were friends. I was just doing all of this to see if I could get another emotion out of him other than happiness. Come to think of it I haven't even seen when he was ever serious. Even when he was doing his weekly check-ups he smiled with everyone. I wondered what it'd be like if he actually got mad or lost his temper. 

"Well it just means I have to make you my friend all over again." A small smile crawled up his lips. 

"Do you ever do anything except smile?" I let out a small laugh. His forehead wrinkled as he lifted a brow. "I mean I'm trying to make you sad....or mad....it's not working." I giggled. 

"Oh so you think saying you won't be friends with me will make me sad." He adjusted his sleeves. Unlike Caleb, he wasn't wearing a suit. Instead he wore a crisped shirt and a pair of dress pants and I couldn't help but notice the way his dress shirt clung to the muscles of his torso, hinting at the powerful physique beneath the thin fabric .His white sleeves were rolled up, exposing sinewy forearms that flexed as he moved. Even though I was never going to say it outloud he did exude a confidence and masculinity that drew my gaze, making me imagine the ripple of his abs and the broad expanse of his chest beneath the crisp cotton. He was attractive, yes but...

"Amaris Carter....are you checking me out?" A sly grin formed on his lips. 

"No." My brows drew together. "Why on earth would I do that?" I picked up a random file from my desk to avoid looking into his eyes. I wasn't checking him out....I just got distracted for a few seconds. 

His lips parted in surprise as he gasped. "You did." He pointed at me, closing the distance between us. "You were checking me out just now." He lifted a brow as his smirk widened. 

"I was not." I denied flipping through the file. Like I said earlier there was no way I was going to let him know that he was attractive. His ego was already over-inflated and it would have been pointless to feed his already voracious appetite for praise and adulation. 

 "Yes you were." He dropped his arms on my desk leaning closer. "I saw you." He narrowed his eyes into thin slits. "Why won't you just admit it?" He pushed himself off the table. 

"Simple." I closed the file. "Because I wasn't." I slammed it on the desk. "You were about to leave a few seconds ago? Why are you still here?" I asked, trying to divert his attention. 

"Stop trying to change the topic." His eyes darkened with an emotion I couldn't exactly put my finger on. 

"I'm not trying to change the topic." I picked up the file pressing it against his face as I pushed him away. 

"Oh really." His voice came out in a muffled tone since his whole face was covered. 

"Don't you know what personal space is?" I wrinkled my nose as I left the file to fall on the desk. "Why do you love being  inches away from my face?" I crossed my arms over my chest. 

"Dunno." He pushed the file towards me. "Maybe it's because I love the way you smell." He said, causing my eyebrows to shoot up as heat flared my cheeks. Did he just....say that to me?
###chapter 60: It was better to be safe than sorry. 
Amaris' POV 

"Don't you know what personal space is?" I wrinkled my nose as I left the file to fall on the desk. "Why do you love being  inches away from my face?" I crossed my arms over my chest. 

"Dunno." He pushed the file towards me. "Maybe it's because I love the way you smell." He said, causing my eyebrows to shoot up as heat flared my cheeks. Did he just....say that to me? With a straight face? Is he crazy? 

"What the....you...." I kept stuttering, not able to find the right words as the heat on my cheeks intensified. 

"What's wrong?" He lifted a brow pretending he didn't just say something so....so inappropriate a few minutes ago. 

"Nothing." I shook my head before dropping my gaze. Kian had always been like this yes...but he was never this direct about it. I buried my eyes in the work in front of me as I made it not a point to look up. I expected Kian to tease me or say something else but I didn't hear him speak for a whole twenty seconds, of course I had to look up. He was staring at me with an inscrutable look on his face. He then opened his mouth to speak but was interrupted by the loud blaring sound from the phone in his pocket. He then pressed his lips in a thin line before taking out the phone from his pocket. He then glanced at the screen before lifting his gaze. 

"Yeah I need to take this. I'll be right back." He said before moving towards the door. I watched him in silence, my eyes not leaving his body until the door closed shut echoing in the silent room. My eyes lingered on the closed door for a while before glancing at the clock. 11:16. Almost time for a break which wasn't really necessary since Kian already brought me some cupcakes but I knew I was going to get hungry again so yeah....it was necessary. All I needed to...

My thoughts were interrupted by the vibrating sound coming from my phone which rested on the other side of my desk. I checked the caller ID to see who it was and I couldn't believe my eyes. Mia had gone to visit her dad, yeah they had their issues but he was still her father. She always made sure to visit him twice every year and it had been about seven months since she visited. Her father had a strict no phone policy whenever they were spending time together so we never really had time to chat. So her calling now meant she probably found a way out of the house or maybe her father had something urgent to do. 

"Hey girl." Mia screamed from the other side of the phone the second I tapped the green icon. "I've missed you so fucking much." She squealed. 

I let out a small giggle before placing my phone on my desk. "I've missed you too, boo." I said, picking up the pen from my desk. 

"How long has it been huh?" Her eyes glinted with excitement. "A week?" She tapped on her lips.

"I think so." I twirled the pen between my fingers. 

"We so have a lot of catching up to do." She beamed at me. 

"I know right." I grinned. "How's California?" 

"Oh you know..." She waved her hand in the air. "The weather's great, perfect even, the scenery is stunning. There's so much to do here. I've been hitting yo beaches, exploring the nightlife and trying some great restaurants. Apart from the whole not talking to you thing I'm actually having a great time." She held her chin as she nodded her head slowly. "California is actually amazing. We should come here together sometime." She suggested. 

"Alright if you say so." I let out a small laugh. "So tell me..." I leaned closer, resting my chin in my hands. "...is there anything you need to tell me? Any guy perhaps?" I wiggled my brows. 

"You are insane." She chuckled lightly. "I came here to spend time with my dad, not find myself a boyfriend." Her lips twisted into a frown. 

"So you're telling me, you spent a whole week in California and you haven't seen one hot guy?" I held up my finger before shaking my head frantically. "Scratch that. You haven't hit on one single guy?" I cocked my head. She opened her mouth to speak but closed it back. "Mhmm?" I leaned in closer. 

"Well that's different." She looked away from her phone. "Hitting on guys has nothing to do with finding myself a boyfriend." She said, causing my jaw to drop before a smile spread across my lips. 

"Can you hear yourself?" 

"Oh you know what I mean." She waved off my comment. 

"No, I don't know what you mean." I raised my brows. 

"Let's forget about me...what's up with you?" She asked, quickly switching gears and before I could say anything she spoke again. "Your boss is in South Korea and he left Kian in charge." A sly grin curled up her lips. 

"Yeah so...." I lifted my shoulders in a half shrug. 

"So..." She drawled as she sat up on what looked like her bed. "Update me. Give me all the tea. I need to know what's happening." She hugged a pillow before tucking a loose strand behind her ear. She was still in her PJ's which meant it wasn't too long since she woke up. Well it was only normal since California was actually three hours behind and knowing Mia...she loved sleeping in. "Why aren't you saying anything?" She brought her face really close to her phone staring at me with a scrutinizing look. 

"Because there is nothing to talk about?" I spread out my arms. It's not like I was lying to her. There was nothing to talk about Kian and I were just friends who liked teasing each other from time to time. What else was I supposed to tell her? 

That you secretly find him attractive? I ignored the little voice in my head as I focused on the girl in front of me. 

"What do you mean there's nothing to talk about?" She asked, raising her voice slightly. 

"Shut it." I placed my fingers on my lips, shutting her up. It was impossible for someone to over hear our conversation but still it was better to be safe than sorry. 

"I am not shutting it. You mean you guys have been working together for two fucking weeks and you guys haven't done anything?" She slowly shook her head. 

"If you can spend a whole week in California without hitting on a guy..." She said with air quotes. "I guess I can do the same." I shrugged.

"I never said I didn't hit on a guy. I just..."

"Aha..." I pointed at the screen with a wide grin spread across my lips. "Busted." 

"Oh shut up, my case is different. You on the other hand have been spending time with a guy that's attracted to you and you guys haven't even kissed or had sex?" I opened my mouth to answer her when I heard the door swing open. "I mean Kian's hot and so freaking sexy. I think he'll make a good boyfriend plus judging by his looks he'll probably be good in bed so girl....you definitely can't miss out on this...at least for the sex." Standing at the door stood a surprised but kind of amused Kian and I couldn't help but wish the ground would open up and swallow me whole. Gosh I had always told Mia her mouth was going to get us into trouble someday...now look what she's done.
###chapter 61: I heard everything 
Amaris' POV

Standing at the door was Kian, his expression a mix of mild shock and bemused amusement and I couldn't help but wish the ground would open up and swallow me whole. 

"I mean I'm just saying." She shrugged before narrowing her eyes into slits. "What's wrong?" Gosh I had always told Mia her mouth was going to get us into trouble someday...now look what she's done. "Why is your face like that?" She wrinkled her forehead. I lifted my gaze to Kian who had leaned on the door with his arms crossed over his chest. God why can't I disappear right now? 

"Don't question me. You're the reason all of this is happening in the first place." I whispered but it was pointless since Kian could hear me clearly. 

"Reason all of this happened? What the hell are you talking about?" She lifted a brow. 

I heaved a sigh. "Nevermind. I'll talk to you later. Bye." I didn't wait for her to say anything before I tapped the red icon on the screen, dropping my phone by the pile of files on my desk before pulling my system towards me. My pulse reached deafening levels and drowned out everything except the heavy ominous thud of my heart. Relax Amaris...it was just a conversation it's not like he heard every single part of it. And how are you so sure about that?

"So I see that I was the main topic of your idle chatter today, huh?" Kian pushed himself off the wall and closed the distance between us in slow strides. His lips curled up. "Just to be clear, how many times in a day do you guys talk about me?" 

"None." I answered almost immediately with my eyes buried in my system. Apparently he was enjoying this, I wasn't. I had said earlier that I didn't want to feed his ego unnecessarily, turns out I ended up doing it either way. 

Kian's chest rumbled with a deep chuckle. "There's no reason for you to lie. I heard everything." He confirmed, causing me to jerk my head towards him and my eyebrows to shoot up. "But don't be scared, there's no need for you to worry." He then held up his arms. "I'm not going to say anything about it."

"You seriously heard everything?" I still gaped at him. I always looked forward to Kian coming to my office everyday but now this whole thing happened, I just wanted to be as far away from him as possible. 

"Not everything though." He sank his hands in his pockets. "Just the good parts." His grin widened. "But like I said I'm not going to say anything." He lifted his shoulders in a half shrug. "Doesn't mean I'm not curious though." He cocked his head. 

"Mia's crazy...." The click-clack of my fingers against the keys echoed through the room, each tap increasing my agitation.

"The girl who you went clubbing with?" He asked, causing me to glance at him before shifting my gaze back to my screen. To be honest I wasn't really doing anything on my computer. I just didn't find the guts to look at Kian in the eyes so I needed to distract myself...quickly. 

"Yes." 

"So why didn't you guys wait until night time before having....this chat?" He hesitated before asking. 

"She's in California. Went to see her dad and he doesn't let her use her phone whenever they're spending time together so the one chance she got she used it to call me." I told him. "But unfortunately...." I looked up. "....you heard all of that." 

"And you consider that unfortunate?" He smiled.

"Of Course it is." I waved my hand in the air. "You weren't supposed to hear any of that...." My hands hovered on the keyboard. "Mia's going to get an earful when she gets back." 

"Is that so?" He lifted a brow causing me to peer at him. I didn't like the fact that he was asking me too many questions and I needed to get his mind off all of this as quickly as possible. 

"Who called?" I asked the first thing that dropped on my mind. From the very moment his phone rang I wanted to ask but I just thought it would be weird. 

"My mother." He pressed his lips in a thin line and something dark flashed in his eyes. I didn't get when he acted like that after mentioning his mother but I just decided to ignore it. 

Look at me when I'm talking to you, Miss Carter.

I don't want to see you anywhere near my mother again. 

Right. Caleb wants me to stay away from his mother which sounds completely ridiculous but I promised myself I'd do whatever he asked...so I guess I had no choice but to stay away then. 

I was about to say something when he beat me to it. "I heard she came here the other day, didn't she? To give Caleb the cookies?" He asked as his phone chirped causing him to glance at it. 

"Yes, she did come here. Your mum's a nice woman." Too bad I can't be around her. I wanted to tell Kian that she even gave me some cookies but I didn't want Caleb to find out. Who knows he might just throw up? My lips curled up an image of Caleb doubling over a sink as he heaved. Pathetic.

"Umm Amaris.....I have a few things to do so I can't hang around anymore..." He walked towards the door still tapping on his phone screen. "...you can update me later on the progress we've made so I can tell Caleb." He said before raising his phone to his ear. "Hello....perfect." he said after a few beats, closing the door behind him. I felt a palpable release of tension as I watched him leave and only then did I realize that I had been holding my breath. As he disappeared from view, I exhaled deeply, my shoulders sagging as I let go of the breath I didn't even know I had been holding. I felt a wave of relief wash over me, as though a heavy burden had been lifted from my shoulders. Never in my life did I ever think I'd be relieved to watch Kian leave but here we were. 

I jerked my head towards my phone picking it up from where I dropped it earlier. I was about to call Mia when I remembered the strict no phones policy her father had implemented. My thumb hovered over the screen, but I refrained from pressing the call button. Who knows? Maybe her father would be back by now or maybe he didn't even go out in the first place? 

I pressed my lips in a thin line as I ditched the idea of calling her and went for a much safer approach. 

Me: Mia! What the hell was that? =â _â = Kian was standing right here?! >_< Do you know how embarrassed I was? 

After tapping the send button, I dropped my phone on my desk and leaned back, letting out a loud sigh as I replayed the last few minutes in my head. 

There's no reason for you to lie. I heard everything.

So I see that I was the main topic of your idle chatter today, huh?

I mean Kian's hot and so freaking sexy. I think he'll make a good boyfriend plus judging by his looks he'll probably be good in bed.

I shuddered at that last thought. "Oh Mia." I palmed my forehead as I got up for a glass of water. Just as I was about to step away from my desk the door swung open and the air was suddenly filled with the soft, rhythmic tapping of stiletto heels, and a familiar fragrance. I let out a small groan as a frown formed on my lips. Ugh! What did she want now?
###chapter 62: That was why she wanted to talk to me? 
Amaris' POV 

     I was about stepping away from my desk when the door swung open and the air was suddenly filled with the soft, rhythmic tapping of stiletto heels, and a familiar fragrance. I let out a small groan as a frown formed on my lips. Ugh! What did she want now? 

I stared at Jessica as she walked into the room in her mini dress. Caleb wasn't around but that didn't stop him from wearing shirt dresses and parading all over the place. I had asked her why she didn't join Caleb on the trip just to see if she was actually going to lie to my face or tell me the truth. It was no surprise that she actually lied, little did she know that I had overheard her conversation with Caleb when she was begging him to let her go with him. 

As expected, Caleb bluntly refused saying he didn't need any distractions in Korea. Maybe that's why he didn't want to take me too...if I went along with him he'd be too busy trying to make my life a living hell that he won't even focus on the reason he was there in the first place. It was a good thing though, I didn't even want to go. Unlike Mia, traveling wasn't really my thing but I was still going to go with her to California someday.....someday.

"If you keep staring at me like that you're gonna make it obvious that you dislike your face and wish you had mine..." She planted one of her hands on her hip as she waved the other in the air. "....but you're lucky no one's here to see you so you can admire all you want." 

"I'd rather have my face run over by a truck than look like you." I said in a cheery tone, smiling at her. "What do you want?" I relaxed my brows into a frown as I sidestepped her as I grabbed the bottle on my desk heading towards the water cooler in the corner. Jessica only came into my office when Caleb sent her, when she wanted something or wanted to tell me something or when she was bored and had nothing else to do so she'd come and blab nonstop, about how pretty she was or how her modeling career would've been more successful if she had been recognized for her talent and beauty. 

Translation: She wasn't recognized for her so-called talent and beauty so she resorted to whoring herself out for cash and luckily for her she became the mistress of one of the richest men in the city...scratch that, one of the richest men in the country. Like I said, lucky her. 

I unscrewed the cap, as I waited for her response. "Isn't it obvious? I want to talk to you about something." I heard her say. With a flick of my wrist, I filled the bottle to brim as it glistened in the fluorescent lights of my office. 

"I already know you want to talk about something...." I said as I watched the bubbles dance beneath the surface. Like she said, it was obvious....Caleb wasn't around so he definitely didn't send her which meant she was either bored or she had something to tell me. "...so just go straight to the point." I said before tipping the bottle over my lips taking a long sip as I sacred the clean taste of the water sliding down my throat.

"It's about Kian." The water went down the wrong pipe causing me to burst out in a fit of coughs. I then turned to face her as my brows drew together. 

"What did you say?" I asked, clearing my throat before taking another sip of water to quench the burning sensation in my throat and chest. 

"You heard me. I said I want to talk to you about Kian." She said in a serious tone. I then dropped my gaze to the bottle in my hands as I screwed the cap back on. Why on earth would she want to talk about Kian? 

"Okay?" I said still trying to process the events playing out before me. I then made my way to my swivel chair. "I'm all ears then." She relaxed in her seat. I then rested my arms on my desk before placing my chin in my hands. I didn't understand why but I was so eager to hear what she had to say. Maybe she wanted to....

"I want you to stay away from him." She said, her expression impassive. I paused, wrinkling my forehead as I waited for the punchline. It never came. That was why she wanted to talk to me? Because she wanted me to stay away from Kian?! What is wrong with these people? First Caleb wants me to stay away from his mother and now Jessica wants me to stay away from Kian. It seemed Caleb's foolishness was rubbing off on her. Perhaps they are meant to be. 

"And why should I do that?" I raised a brow. 

"Because Caleb wouldn't like the idea of some stupid girl like you spending time with his brother. I mean look...." she gestured around. "....he didn't even leave you in charge of his company...." She the planted one of her hands on her hip. "...and you're his fucking secretary. If he can't trust you with company then he definitely won't trust you with his brother...."

"Why the hell would he want to trust me with his brother?" I asked, cutting her off. It's not like anything she said was making any sense. Judging by what she said, the way she talked, her composure and everything, I could tell that she was only looking for what to do to keep herself busy now that Caleb wasn't around and she couldn't think of anything better than hitting on his brother...or rather cousin. 

"Don't question me. Just do as I say and cut off ties with him." Jessica crossed her arms over her chest. 

"I'm not cutting off any ties with him. Kian is my boss.....for now." I added. "How do you expect me to work with him if I don't speak with him?" I furrowed my brows. "I know you don't know anything about business or work but come on..." I rolled my eyes as her whole face turned red. "Seriously? That sounds ridiculous." I said ignoring the frown on her face. I then leaned back in my seat. "Oh and just so you know....just because your baby boo is not here doesn't mean you should hit on his brother. I'm sorry to be the one to break It to you but it doesn't work that way."
###chapter 63: You like her don't you? 
Amaris' POV 

I said with my eyes closed. I didn't give a damn about how Jessica felt, last time I checked she didn't care about other people's feelings too so there was no need for me to sugarcoat my words when I talked to her. She finally got the message and stormed off. Stupid brat.

~~~~~~~~~ 

"And he was like he wasn't going to say anything." I rolled over still clutching my phone in my hand as I spoke. I had half expected Kian to return and ask about the progress we've made just like he said earlier but he never showed up. Well...there was always tomorrow. 

"Oh my God. So you mean he actually heard every word I said?" Mia's eyes widened. She had seen my text earlier and sneaked out of the house late at night just so we could talk. Knowing Mia she'd do anything to hear a spicy story. 

"Uh yeah. I'm even surprised he didn't actually say anything about it. I mean he was standing right there." I placed my phone on the bed as I rested my head on a pillow.  "Now thanks to you I don't think I'll be able to talk to him or even see him without recalling that one moment." 

"Sorry." She winced. "My bad....but look on the bright side we know he's interested for sure now." A smirk crept up her lips. 

"Huh?" I scrunched my brows. "Are we still talking about this?" 

"Obviously." 

"What makes you think he's interested in me this time." I said with a dull expression. 

"He didn't say anything about it." I stared at her for a while before palming my forehead. 

"Are you freaking kidding me? Just because he...." I was interrupting by the faint chiming sound I heard from downstairs. The doorbell? I thought I had imagined it until it rang out again. It was almost 9pm, who on earth could be at the door by this time...

"What's wrong?" Mia asked, jolting me out of my thoughts. 

"Oh it's just the doorbell." I said getting up from the bed. "No worries I'll get it." I waved off her question. 

"It's not like you have a choice." She said as the doorbell rang out again. When I finally got to the door I looked through the peephole to see who it was but I couldn't see anyone. I moved to the closest window to see if I could see anyone at the door. I shifted the curtains aside, pressing my body against the wall but still no one was at the door. The doorbell rang out again and my lips twisted into a frown as I dropped my phone on the closest table. 

"Who is it?" Mia asked after being quiet for so long. 

"I don't know." I said grabbing the closest thing I could find. A bat.

"And you want to open it?" Her eyebrows shot up. 

"Chill, I'll be okay." I picked up the bat. I didn't know what it was doing in our living room but I was glad it was there. 

"Oh..." She let out a small laugh. "I bought that some weeks ago just in case there were any ribbers around who needed a good beating." 

"Right." I smiled as I moved closer to the door with the bathroom in my hand. *Another ring.* With a flick of my wrist, I twisted the key, grabbing the handle as I pulled the door open and the bat fell from my hand as I saw who stood at the other side of the door. Oh my God.


Kian's POV 

"I understand mother..." I heaved a sigh as I held the phone to my ear. This was the third time she had called me today, the first time when I was on my way here and then the second was when I excused myself while I was talking with Amaris. 

I mean Kian's hot and so freaking sexy. I think he'll make a good boyfriend plus judging by his looks he'll probably be good in bed so girl....you definitely can't miss out on this...at least for the sex.

I found it hard to concentrate on mum's words as I replayed the whole scene in my head. I had lied to her, I didn't hear everything....I just walked in at the last part but I could definitely guess what had been going on from what I heard. I knew Amaris found me attractive...I mean I did catch her staring and checking me out countless times even if she always denied it. 

"...and also when are you going to bring that girl to dinner?" Mother had been nagging me for days now. Ever since she found out that Amaris and I were actually friends she kept bugging me and asking me to bring her to dinner. It's not that I didn't like Amaris...or not that I didn't find her attractive. Believe me when I say I was absolutely smitten with her. Her warm hazel eyes, her chestnut brown hair, her infectious laughter....all of it was spellbinding. I couldn't even get enough of her but I didn't want to rush things. When I told her that she smelt nice today she acted like I had just committed an unforgivable sin. 

"Working on it mum." I let out a small sigh. "She's not going to agree to come to dinner if I just randomly ask her." Initially mother wanted Caleb to bring Amaris to dinner. Since she worked for him she'd assumed that would be a lot easier but when she saw how much they hated each other....she turned to me which was kind of disappointing since she saw me as a second option but I was cool with it. At least I wasn't second to Caleb when it came to our relationship with Amaris. 

"That's nonsense." I could practically see her waving off my comment. "Amaris' a nice girl....of course she'd say yes if you ask her out." 
###chapter 64:  I want her to go out with me
Kian's POV 

"Yeah she might say yes...." I threw my head back as I relaxed in my chair. "...but she's going to day it because she's nice not because she wants to go out with me." I explained. 

"Yeah....and what's wrong with that?" She asked, pulling another sigh out of me. 

"I want her to go out with me because she wants to....not because she doesn't want to hurt my feelings." I waited for her to say something but she never did. I slid the phone away from my ear, my arm dropping to my side as I swiveled my body to inspect the device, ensuring that the call was still connected. "Mum....are you still there?" I lifted it to my ear. 

"Yes sweetie I am." Her voice danced across the phone line, filled with the lightness of her smile. It was as if she were beaming through the phone, her smile evident even though I couldn't see it. 

"Then why weren't you saying anything?" I found myself smiling as I asked. 

"You like her don't you?" There was a playfulness in her tone, a gentle teasing that made my grin widen. 

"I thought you already knew that." 

"Yeah I did....I didn't just know that you like her this much." She told me. 

"You don't need to know if I like her or not mum. All you need to do is wait until I bring her to dinner then you can talk with her all night long." I wrapped my fingers around the paperweight on my desk as I spoke. 

"I hope so." Just then I heard a light knock on the door. 

I quickly placed my hand over the speaker. "Come in." I watched the door open slowly as I dropped my hand. "Mum, we'll talk later okay. I've got some important things to do." I whispered as Sofia, my PA walked in even though she wasn't going to say anything about it. 

"Okay darling. Talk to you later." She said blowing me an invisible kiss and I let out a small laugh. 

"Love you too." I said before ending the call. I then dropped my phone on my desk before turning to Sofia who had been watching silently. I raised my eyebrows gesturing for her to speak. 

"Good day Mr. Beck. I just wanted to tell you that I just received a call from the contractor." She gestured towards the door before wrapping her arms around what looked like plans. "They need your approval on the renovation plans." She said. 

"Good day Sofia." I greeted with a lazy drawl as I leaned back in my seat. "What exactly do they need from me?"

"They sent over the final plans and are asking for your signature to proceed. They need to start the work by next week, so they're hoping to get your approval as soon as possible."

"Alright then." I gently rubbed the back of my neck. "Can you show me the plans?" I gestured towards the papers in her hands. 

"Sure." She placed them on my table. "Here they are. I printed them out for you."

"Thank you...I'll review these and get back to you shortly." I dipped my head in a small nod as I blinked. 

"Great." She beamed at me. "I'll let the contractor know you're looking at the plans." She turned to leave but paused like she had remembered something before facing me again. "Let me know if you need any further details." 

"Will do." I nodded again. "Thanks for the update."

"You're welcome." She flashed me another smile before heading towards the door. I watched her as she closed the door behind her before my gaze dropped to the plans in front of me. I let out a small sigh before dragging my hands down my face. God I needed to rest. I had lied to Amaris earlier when I told her I was free...I had a lot on my plate but I just couldn't concentrate since I hadn't seen her for days and there was no fucking way I could convince her to do a video call so I just had to go see her. And now this.....

I picked up the plans on my table about looking through them when my phone vibrated, grabbing my attention. A small smile crept up my face as I picked up my phone tapping the green icon. 

"Hey buddy." I grinned, placing the phone on my ear. 

"Don't call me buddy." A stern voice echoed from the other end. 

"What's up?" I asked, completely ignoring him. "Haven't heard from you in a long time.....pal." I drawled as my smirk widened. 

"I've been busy." I could tell that he was seconds away from ending the call but he just controlled himself. *Let's see how long he can last until I eventually drive him crazy.* "How's everything going back at the office?"

"They're fine. I've been handling things as best as I can, running two companies isn't easy you know." Which is why I let Amaris handle his company. I knew he didn't exactly like her and didn't want her in charge of his company but she was his fucking secretary and from the time that we've worked together I could tell she was really good at what she did. So why not? Besides it's not like he was going to find out and even if he did it'd be after everything and maybe for once he'll actually see that she's not a bad person and that he's just being cruel. 

"That's good to hear. Anything happened since the last time I called?" He asked. 

"Well the new software update rolled out without any issues. The team's been handling it so smoothly that I didn't even have to say anything...especially when Amaris is around. She is good. Oh and also the user feedback has been positive so far."

"What did you say?" I blinked at the sudden change in his tone. 

"The user feedback has been positive so far?" I lifted a brow. 

"No before that." 

"That Amaris is good at handling the....." I trailed off when I realized what I was about to say. Shit! I was so engrossed in telling him about our progress that I forgot to leave out the fact that Amaris was behind everything. Oh God.
###chapter 65: What was I going to say to him now? 
Kian's POV 

     The team's been handling it so smoothly that I didn't even have to say anything...especially when Amaris is around. She is good. Oh and also the user feedback has been positive so far."

"What did you say?" I blinked at the sudden change in his tone. 

"The user feedback has been positive so far?" I lifted a brow. 

"No before that." 

"That Amaris is good at handling the....." I trailed off when I realized what I was about to say. Shit! I was so engrossed in telling him about our progress that I forgot to leave out the fact that Amaris was behind everything. Oh God.

"You let her handle it?" He sounded surprisingly calm which was kind of scary. 

"No." I lied. "I was just busy with work that I told her to help me while I attend to some things here in my company." I immediately grabbed the opportunity to blackmail him. "That you told me to watch over your company doesn't mean I won't be able to take care of mine anymore." I had expected him to feel guilty and just forget about it but no. Not Caleb. 

"I left you in charge for a reason."

"Yes and I know that." 

"I don't think you do." The silence that followed after he spoke was like a sudden drop in pressure, a shift in atmosphere which would have sent a chill down his spine if he wasn't my cousin. Yes I was scared of him when we were younger but now....all I did was tease him whenever he got mad at me but judging by the look of things, it wasn't going to work this time. I already knew he was angry, even though he hadn't actually said anything. 

I held the phone away from my ear, staring at it as if it were a ticking time bomb, waiting for the explosion. I could already sense the rage simmering on the other end of the line, palpable even through the dead air. What to say. What to say. What to say. I let my gaze wander aimlessly around the room, my eyes drifting from one object to the next without really seeing anything as I held the phone to my ear. 

The afternoon sun streamed through the windows casting long shadows that shifted lazily across the floor. I knew Caleb and I knew that he was never going to break the silence, especially now that he was mad although I didn't still get why he didn't want Amaris to watch over his company. If he didn't want her around he could just fire her....then she could work for me instead. I turned my head, my eyes falling upon the clock on the wall, its face illuminated by the sunlight and that was when it dawned on me. It was 1:32 pm  which meant it would be around 3:32 am in South Korea because of the time difference and everything. 

"Umm Caleb aren't you supposed to be sleeping right now?" I lifted a brow. 

"I'm not sleepy and stop trying to change the topic." He was right, I was trying to change the topic but there was also a part of me that was concerned. Well that part was long gone now. 

"I'm not trying to change the topic, I just wanted to know why you'd be awake around 3 am in the morning. I mean that's not very healthy."I swayed my chair, crossing one of my legs over the other. 

I could practically see Caleb roll his eyes as he let out a small huff. "What about the issues with the server maintenance? I remember you telling me about something concerning that the last time we spoke."

"Oh that..." I drawled spinning my chair around. "We've made significant headway there. We upgraded the servers and migrated all the data to the new system. There were a few minor hiccups, but nothing major." I lifted my shoulders in a casual shrug even though he wasn't seeing me. "The IT team's been on top of it."

"And how's the new hire integration going?" I heard him ask. "I was a bit worried about how that would play out...you know since I'm not around and all."

"Oh so you don't trust me?" A smug expression formed on my face. 

"I didn't say that." He sounded bored. 

"So you do trust me." A smug expression formed on my face.

"I didn't say that either." 

"Too bad." I placed my hand on my chest. "You've hurt my feelings. Anyways.....about the new hires...." I tapped my hand on my desk. "They're settling in well. We've had a few training sessions and they're already contributing to the projects. If you ask me..." A small smile crept up my lips. "I think they're going to be a valuable addition to your team."

"Mhmm." He hummed a reply. "And the marketing campaign we discussed?"

"Shit..." I cursed palming my forehead. "How could I forget about that? The campaign is underway. We launched the first phase last week and early results are promising. The marketing team's been creative with their strategies and we're seeing a good amount of engagement." I told him. 

"Okay...that's....good I guess." He guesses? I should've known Caleb wasn't the type of person that could be easily impressed. "Have there been any notable highlights on the feedback so far?" He asked and it took me a few seconds to process his words and a few more to come up with a reply. 

"Well yes..." I searched through my memory trying to remember the exact words Amaris said. "We've had some positive feedback from a few influencers we reached out to and the social media metrics are looking solid." I explained. "The team is optimistic about the next phase and we're already planning adjustments based on the initial data." I sat up in my chair. 

"Excellent." He sighed and his voice sounded more muffled and distorted. "Thanks for keeping everything moving smoothly." He mumbled. "How about any adjustments to the budget or additional resources needed?"

"So far everything is within the budget so there's no need to worry. No major adjustments needed at the moment. I've been monitoring expenses closely and we're managing well. If anything changes, I'll let you know."

"That's good to know. Oh I've been wanting to ask about the project with the new client? I mean that's even the reason I called in the first place, it kind of slipped my mind. Any new updates there?" Project with the new client? Amaris hadn't mentioned anything about...

An image of Amaris blabbing about something while I stared at her flashed in my head and I immediately palmed my forehead. Oh that client....I was too busy staring at her to even listen. Now what am I going to say to him?
###chapter 66: I'm just going to ask her about the project. 
Kian's POV 

Project with the new client? Amaris hadn't mentioned anything about...

An image of Amaris blabbing about something while I stared at her flashed in my head and I immediately palmed my forehead. Oh that client....I was too busy staring at her to even listen. Now what am I going to say to him? 

"Umm..." I stuttered as I glanced round the room again for anything that was going to help me answer his question without acting suspicious. My gaze landed on the plans Sofia had dropped earlier then it struck me. "...Caleb, can we talk later? I'm kind of busy right now." I pressed my lips in a thin line. 

"What?" 

"Yeah...I'm supposed to be in a meeting in the next five minutes and I'm meant to look through a few things before then." I lied hoping that he was going to buy it. If there was one thing I knew Caleb hated more than being disturbed, it was disturbing others. 

"Oh I see. Okay then I guess we'll talk later. I'm feeling sleepy anyways." 

"Oh wow. Talking to me helped make you sleepy. That's good to know." I wrapped my fingers around my chin as a small smile formed on my lips. 

"Shut up." He snapped, causing the smile to grow even wider. I was about saying something else when I heard my phone beep indicating that the call had been terminated. 

"Not even a goodbye huh?" I let out a small laugh as I glanced at my phone before dropping my phone on my desk. So now I have to make sure I ask Amaris about the project with the client. A smirk formed on my lips. Another reason to see her again.

~~~~~~~~~~ 

I shut the door behind me letting out a heavy sigh, feeling the weight of the day and the suit I had worn pressing down on my shoulders. For some reason I felt like the tie around my neck was choking me and I immediately took it off. 

"I should have just let Sofia do everything." I murmured but deep down I knew that it wasn't right. I was the CEO of Beck Luxury Homes and it was my responsibility to make sure that everything was running smoothly in my company. "...and that also meant wearing myself out." I said as I walked through the hallway in the dim light, heading towards my bedroom, my dress shoes clicking softly against the floor. 

I dropped my briefcase by the door, as I briefly forgot about the day's worries the second I stepped into my bedroom. I let out another long sigh as I began undressing and it felt like I had dropped dead weight. Who knew a suit could feel so heavy when you're tired?

My fingers worked on the buttons of my shirt before I peeled it off, letting it fall on the chair before turning on the air conditioner. It took a while for the cold air to circulate but I didn't care especially when it felt like a comforting embrace against my tired skin. 

I quickly took off the rest of my clothes before slipping on a pair of joggers that I picked from one of the chairs. I glanced at my closet and I couldn't bring myself to walk all the way there to put on a shirt again. I then plopped on the bed spreading my arms wide as the bed sank beneath my weight. Finally home, away from everyone. I sucked in air allowing the scent of fresh and clean clothes to fill my nostrils and I found myself wishing that it smelled a lot sweeter. Just like Amaris did. Gosh her scent. I wasn't lying when I told her that I loved the way she smelled even though it wasn't entirely why I loved being within three inches whenever I was around her. 

"You are insane. You know it's rude to eat the same cupcakes you offered me without my permission right?" 

"But you did give me permission. Didn't you? You said you didn't want them so why is a cupcake in your hand right now?" 

"I never said I didn't want them. I said what if."

Licking icing off your fingers was supposed to look normal right? But there was nothing normal about how that one singular act made me feel. I found myself gawking at her as my thoughts drifted, images of Amaris kneeling beneath me with her pretty pink mouth wrapped around my cock and my body responded immediately. 

"Fuck..." I propped myself up on one elbow and glanced at my cock. "Just thinking about it turns me on." I sighed laying back on the bed, feeling the softness of the bedding against my back. I exhaled again as I shut my eyes welcoming the X-rated mental images in my head. My eyes fluttered open when my lewd thoughts were interrupted by the sharp, insistent ring of my phone. I let out a small groan, my mind stumbling as the ringing pierced through my concentration and my eyes flew wide as I glanced at the screen. 

Okay then I guess we'll talk later. Caleb's words rang in my ear. Oh shit. I had forgotten to stop at Caleb's company to ask Amaris about the project with the new client. I muttered an expletive under my breath as I rose from my bed. I stared at the phone in my hand. Amaris just lived a few floors  below me....it wouldn't be wrong if I go there now and ask about the project right. I tapped my fingers rhythmically on my thigh as I turned to the shirt in my closet before shifting my gaze to my phone again. 8:32.

"She wouldn't be asleep by now would she?" I moved towards the closet taking the shirt out. I guess it wouldn't hurt to try. Besides I'll only ring her doorbell thrice if she doesn't answer I'll come back up. By the time I had finished making my decision I was already in the elevator heading towards her floor. I couldn't stop my heart from beating frantically. I was going to see Amaris...late at night. Perfectly normal. 

"I'm just going to ask her about the project. It's no biggie." An image of Amaris in her nightwear flashed in my head and immediately heat crept up my neck causing the hairs on my skin to stand. Relax Kian. You're just asking her about the project with the client.

The elevator dinged as it reached the ground floor, pulling me out of my thoughts. I stepped out immediately heading towards her door. For a second there I actually thought I was on the wrong floor until I checked the floor number again. "Three right." I moved towards the door. I was about pressing the switch when my hand froze at the door. I then clenched my fist dropping it to my side as I took a deep breath to calm my beating heart before ringing the doorbell. I waited for a while before ringing it again, the sound slicing through the quiet night. 

As I waited I decided to look around a bit to see what she had done with the place and I had to admit. I was impressed...really impressed. She hadn't even lived here for up to five months and there were already pretty flowers everywhere. Even up till now I still don't get why women are so obsessed with flowers. Seeing she hadn't opened yet I rang the doorbell again. I had told myself I was going to ring the doorbell only three times but I had to try one last time especially when I just saw the curtains move just now. 

Just when I was about leaving I heard a soft click before the door creaked open. I was caught off guard for a moment as my eyes settled on the woman in a soft blue satin camisole and matching shorts, her nightwear flowing gracefully with each breath. Her hair, slightly tousled, framed her face in a way that added to her natural allure. The way the soft light caught her hair and the fabric clung lightly to her curves, giving her an effortlessly alluring appearance. Her bare legs and the gentle shimmer of the satin caught my eye, highlighting her  figure that looked both elegant and striking.

A bat slipped from her hand and landed with a loud thud, but it wasn't loud enough to divert my attention from her. I had pictured her in her night dress earlier but that was nothing compared to the real thing. "Kian?" Her brows drew together as she picked up the bat. "What are you doing here?" She asked. I blinked trying to process her question. I was so distracted that I actually forgot why I came here in the first place. Project. Client. Right.
###chapter 67: Did I say you were distracted?
Amaris' POV 

     With a flick of my wrist I twisted the key grabbing the handle and with a soft click, the door creaked open and the bat fell from my hand as soon as I saw who stood at the other side of the door. Oh my God. I couldn't believe my eyes as I stared at the person standing in front of me. Kian? What was he doing here? 

My pulse quickened at the sight of him, standing tall and calm as ever despite the late hour. But the thing that surprised me the most was his eyes: focused and intense, like I'd never seen before. My breath caught as I stood there in my night wear, the idea of him looking at me making me self-conscious.

"Kian?" I repeated, struggling to compose myself. "What are you doing here?"

He hesitated for a moment before answering. His eyes lingered just a second too long on my attire before he shifted his gaze to my face clearing his throat. "I...needed to talk with you about the project...." He rubbed the back of his head when I furrowed my brow. "The one with the new client."

I arched an eyebrow. "At this time of the night?"

"I know it's late, but" His voice trailed off, and I saw the wheels in his mind turning for a reason that made sense. "Caleb called and..."

"You know what...." I stepped aside cutting him off as I gestured for him to enter. "...come in before someone sees you." 

He hesitated briefly, as if weighing the consequences, then walked in. As I shut the door with a soft click behind him, I got an adrenaline rush from realizing just how alone we were in my quiet apartment. And so my heart did a little dance as I showed him to the living room, ignoring how the satin of my nightwear clung to me. 

"Can I get you something to drink?" I attempted to put in, my voice barely more than a wheeze.

"Water's fine," he replied, his voice a bit gruff.

I couldn't help but feel his eyes on me as I made my way to the kitchen. I began pouring water into the glass, trying to distract myself from the burning sensation on my back. My throat bobbed with a hard swallow as my mind raced trying  to figure out why Kian really came here. Was it really about the project or was there something else? A cold chill crawled up my spine at the mere thought. 

*I mean Kian's hot and so freaking sexy. I think he'll make a good boyfriend plus judging by his looks he'll probably be good in bed so girl....you definitely can't miss out on this...at least for the sex.*

*But look on the bright side we know he's interested for sure now.*

I had ended the call with Mia just before opening the door but that didn't stop her words from echoing in my ear. 

I sucked in air trying to calm my racing heart before returning to the living room. I handed him the glass and in the process our fingers brushed gently against each other which sent a jolt if electricity through my entire body. Our eyes met again and I could see the same shock if awareness in them. This was dangerous territory and we both knew that. 

"So..." I pressed my lips together as I plopped on the chair opposite him. "...you wanted to discuss about the project with the new client right?"

He locked eyes with me as he took a small sip from the glass in his hand. "Yeah..." He admitted finally looking away. "I wasn't listening when you were talking about it a few days ago." A sheepish smile formed on his lips. "I was...uh...distracted." He hesitated before saying.

*He was distracted?* I blinked. What on earth would have gotten him so distracted that he completely forgot about everything I said concerning the project. An image of Kian staring at me while I talked flashed in my head. I mean he was listening....at least it looked like he was. 

***"Why the hell are you staring at me like that?" I frowned at Kian who stood in the corner of my office with his hands crossed over his chest. I had been trying to ignore the scorching hot sensation on my skin but it wasn't working. A smirk crept up his lips as he pushed himself off the wall before lifting his shoulders in a half shrug. 

"I don't know." He tilted his head. "I guess it's because you're pretty." The burning sensation I felt on my skin seconds ago was nothing compared to heat on my cheeks. I felt another blush creeping up my neck as I tried to keep my composure.

"Mhmm." I closed my eyes trying my best to sound nonchalant as I raised my chin an inch higher. "If you'll keep staring at me like that someone's going to think you're in love with me." A satisfied smile formed on my lips. 

"Then let them think." He said causing my brows to shoot up. I mean unless you have a problem with that?" He asked moving towards me. 

"What do you mean by that?" My brows drew together. 

"Oh I don't know..." He wrapped his fingers around his chin as he glanced at the ceiling. "...maybe you have a big crush on me and you don't want anyone to find out so if rumors about me being in love with you start spreading...." He trailed off. 

"You're loosing it." I rolled my eyes. 

"It's okay it's okay. A lot of women are in love with me because of my incredible charm and my amazing looks so I perfectly understand." He placed his hand in his chest as a sly smirk formed on his lips. 

"Asshole."*** 

Could it be that he got distracted just by staring at me? The velvety wings of the butterflies in my stomach brushed against the walls of my tummy and I couldn't help but feel a bit self-conscious under his gaze. What were we talking about again? 

"You get distracted a lot when I talk, Kian." I drawled peering at him. "Maybe you should work on that." I said, trying to sound calm. 

He let out a small chuckle, the sound low and intimate in the quiet room. "I guess I should." He said in a teasing tone, and also something else I couldn't quite put my finger on....something that made my pulse quicken. 

Silence fell between us, thick with unspoken words. I could see the conflict in his eyes, the way he seemed to be battling with himself. There we a part of me that wanted to push him to speak, push him to say whatever it was that was on his mind, whatever it was that was bugging him but another part of me was terrified of what he might say. So I took the coward's way out of it and broke the silence. 

"Umm...okay." My eyes flickered around looking for anything I could use as a topic. That was when I realized that I hadn't even told him about the project with the new client....the reason he came here in the guest place. "The new client huh?"

"What?" He blinked seeming startled. 

"You wanted me to tell you about the project we've been working on with the new client..." My eyelids dropped as I narrowed my eyes. "...or are you distracted again?" 

"What makes you think I'm distracted?" His lips curled up. 

"Did I say you were distracted?" I arched a brow lifting my feet before wrapping my arms around them as I curled up on the couch. "I mean I only asked a question." He parted his lips about to say something when the lights went out leaving us alone in the dark room. *Oh shit. Not again.*
###chapter 68: I'm making you a snack 
Amaris' POV

I lifted my feet above the ground wrapping my arms around them as I curled up on the couch. Kian parted his lips about to say something when the lights went out leaving us alone in the dark room. *Oh shit. Not again.* This same thing has been happening over and over again and I always told myself that I was going to complain to an electrician about it but I was always so busy with work that it kept slipping my mind. And now I'm stuck in a dark room...with Kian.

 I tapped my hand frantically as I searched for my phone on the table beside the couch I was sitting on. "Ugh where is it?" I groaned. I always kept my phone or a flashlight close by just in case it happened again, but now....

"Amaris are you okay?" I heard Kian ask from the other end of the room, his tone tinged with worry. 

"I'm fine." I let out an annoyed sigh as I realized that I had left my phone in the kitchen when I went to get Kian a glass of water. I immediately got up from the couch moving towards where I assumed was the kitchen but then I hit my head against a brick hard wall before falling weightless and helplessly through an endless void.  My hands flailed out, searching for something, anything, to grasp onto and it wasn't long until I landed with a soft thud on something solid. It dipped slightly beneath my weight like a mattress or a couch would but it wasn't a surface...it was a person? Kian! 

My heart raced as I subconsciously reached out to confirm my suspicion. My fingers brushed against a smooth warm surface which I suspected to be his skin. 
I pulled my hand away, startled and hesitantly reached out again just to make sure I wasn't assuming things. Kian was sitting on the couch few seconds ago. There's no way I'd bump into him right? This time, my hand made contact with a firm, muscular shoulder and I could feel the gentle rise and fall of their chest and the soft whisper of their breath. Yup. Definitely Kian. 

Just then the lights flickered and the darkness was shattered by a warm, golden glow. I batted my lashes as I tried to adjust to the bright light. As my vision cleared, I found myself looking down at Kian who stared back at me. I had never been this close to him before....yeah he was always and when I said always I meant always in my personal space but right now we were closer than that. So close that I could feel his body heat and his warm smooth skin against mine. 

His features were strong and chiseled with shimmering green eyes that seemed to bore into my soul. His curly dark hair was kind of messy and my hands itched to shift them away from his eyes. My gaze dropped to the hint of stubble shadowing his jawline before moving to his thin lips. 

"Are you hurt?" He asked, his voice a bit rough as his gaze dropped to my chest and that was when I realized that I was still on top of him, with my chest pressing hard against his! I scrambled to sit up before nodding, my heart still racing and somehowthe shock of falling had nothing to do with it. 

Kian's eyes followed me, his gaze never leaving mine as I crawled off his body. He was lying on his back and I realized with a start that I had been lying in top of him and our fronts had been...*shit. shit. shit* 

A flush spread across my cheeks as I scrambled to my feet. "I'm sorry. I didn't see you there." I managed to say as he sat up slowly, his movements fluid and graceful and almost seductive. 

He rubbed the back of his neck as his gaze dropped to floor. "No it's not your fault....I should've said something." He said before looking around particularly at the light bulbs. "So your lights just go out like that?"  He asked as our eyes met again, and I felt a jolt of electricity run through me. 

"Yeah....it started happening a few days ago after Mia left." He wrinkled his forehead before glancing around again. 

"Why didn't you tell me?" I blinked trying to understand what he meant by that. Why was I supposed to tell him? It was only after a few seconds that it dawned on me that Kian was the owner of Beck Luxury homes....in other words my landlord. 

I parted my lips to speak but no words came out. The only words that popped in my head where, "I forgot." 

"You forgot?" He got up from the couch, his voice sending cold chills down my spine. "Amaris you could get really hurt if you fall and..." 

"It's okay." I told him. "It's not like the lights go off for a long time...as you can see..." I gestured around. "....it just comes right back and I always have my phone or a flashlight with me....I just forgot to take them out of my room today." I explained but he just stared at me like I wasn't making any sense. 

"Yeah but that doesn't stop you from getting hurt..." He said reaching for something in his pocket. "...looks like Sophia is not doing her job right." He muttered to himself but it was loud enough for me to hear. I stared at him as he swiped through his phone. Who was Sophia? And what did he mean by she wasn't doing her job right? Was he going to fire her? Oh no. 

"Kian..." I moved closer craning my neck so I could look at his phone even though I knew I was invading his privacy. "...I hope you're not planning to fire anyone." 

"Don't worry I'll take care of it." He flashed me a small smile before he resumed typing. I moved my face away from his phone giving him some privacy but I couldn't shake off the feeling that I had put someone in trouble. I picked up the empty glass by the couch stealing a glance at him before taking it to the kitchen. I decided to make something since Kian was here. It would've been rude if I just let him go without offering something that wasn't water. 

I glanced around the kitchen searching for what to make with the little time I had. I pulled open the fridge searching through for anything I could use. My gaze settled on the slice of bread I left over this morning and the slices of cheese in the corner. "Ok then....I guess I'm making a grilled cheese sandwich." I smiled to myself as I pulled out the bread and the cheese. 

I was in the middle of placing one bread slice in the skillet when Kian walked in. "What are you doing?" An amused glint flashed in his eyes before he narrowed them into thin slits. 

"Making you a snack obviously," I said my eyes never leaving the buttered bread slice in from of me. "Are you done firing Sofia?" I asked my tone laced with sarcasm. 

"I didn't fire her." He let out an exasperated huff causing me to turn to him. "I just reduced her pay temporary that's all." He shrugged his shoulders before folding his arms over his chest as he leaned on the doorframe. "I mean I didn't even yell at her."
"Oh wow, so you're actually capable of yelling at someone?" I lifted a brow as a small smile crept up my lips. "I guess you're not nice and sweet after all." A teasing smirk spread on my lips as I turned back to the skillet above the grill. 

A heard an audible gasp but still didn't turn to face him. "I am nice and sweet," he drawled emphasizing on the word "am." "....to a few people that is." 

"Mhmm." I hummed a reply. "And why does those few people include me?" 

"I don't know....I guess you should figure out that yourself." And then without warning I felt a hot breath graze my neck causing all the hairs on my skin to stand up straight. It was as if the air molecules around me had shifted, ever so slightly to signal that someone was there. 

My heart flipped in my chest as I felt another wave of shiver running down my spine even though I already knew who it was. I froze, my spatula hovering over the pan and I suddenly started feeling self conscious for some reason. How I did not hear him walking towards me?
###chapter 69: He was supposed to know that 
Amaris' POV 

My heart flipped in my chest as I felt a shiver run down my spine even though I already knew who it was. I froze, my spatula hovering over the pan and I suddenly started feeling self conscious for some reason. How I did not hear him walking towards me? 

I tried to turn around, but my body refused to move. Fear had rooted me to the spot, my eyes fixed on the wall in front of me as I wished I would become invisible that very moment. If I turned right now I would be inches away from me and I didn't want that...I've been running away from this for a long time. 

I knew Kian liked me...well I knew he found me attractive I wasn't so sure about the like thing. I felt a burning sensation on my neck and I didn't know why I kept imagining his wet lips on them which sent another wave of shivers down my spine. My mind raced with countless X-rated scenes and my breath caught in my throat. 

The silence was oppressive, punctuated only by the gentle simmer of the cheese. I could still feel his gaze on me, boring into my skin, making my skin tingle. 

Time seemed to stretch out as no one said anything, each second an eternity as we both stood there, me, paralyzed with fear, him...I wasn't so sure. I took silent deep breaths preparing myself to turn when I felt an arm wrap around my waist. I tensed up, my heart racing with a mix of fear and surprise.

I didn't know what his intentions were which caused my mind to go into overdrive but after feeling the warmth of his body against mine and the soft pressure of his arm holding me close, I didn't understand why but I felt oddly relaxed and kind of safe knowing he was right here with me. 

Despite my initial fear, I found myself leaning into his touch, enjoying the sensation of being held. *The last time I was being held like this was.....* I pressed my lips in a thin line as I tried to not think about him. Just then I heard Kian's deep voice breaking through the silence. 

"If you keep moving like that you're going to get yourself burnt." His voice reverberated through me. That was when I realized I had subconsciously moved closer to the grill in attempt to avoid coming in contact with Kian's body earlier. 

"Oh." I spun around meeting his gaze. Standing right behind me was Kian staring down at me....I wasn't wearing heels this time so yeah he was way taller. His presence was both captivating and unnerving. The second our eyes met, I felt a spark of connection, like a holy of electricity had passed between us. Hell that spark had been there the whole time I had just been ignoring it. "Thank you." 

He dipped his head in a small nod and for a moment, we just stared at each other, the only sound piercing through the silence was the soft hiss of the stove. I felt like I was holding my breath, unsure of what to say or do next. My gaze then dropped to his thin lips for the second time tonight. *He's your boss's friend Ammie. Cousin even. You wouldn't want to be involved with Caleb in any way.* Just then, he spoke, his voice low and gentle, pulling me out of my thoughts and breaking the spell that had been cast. "You might want to check that." He pointed towards the grill and that was when I realized that the sandwich was still cooking. Thankfully it didn't burn.

"Right." I turned to the grill with the spatula in my hand taking out the two sandwiches. I placed them in two different dishes before handing one of them to Kian. 

As I handed him the sandwich, our fingers touch briefly, sending more sparks through my body. He then looked up at me with a smile. "Thanks." 

"You're welcome." I flashed him a smile before lifting the sandwich to my lips. I watched him take a bite out of his sandwich before I bit into mine and I couldn't help but notice the way his eyes lit up as he took his first bite. I watched eager to see his reaction as the flavors pirouetted on his taste buds although I didn't fully trust my cooking skills.

His eyes grew big and a smile spread across his face, then I knew once more that I was responsible for something, I had made him happy. The bread was crunchy, the turkey was sweet and cheese tangy...those two things should not go together but in combination, the flavors seemed to sing for him.

As he chewed, his gaze met mine, and I felt a flutter in my chest. I knew he could see the pride and satisfaction in my eyes. I had made this sandwich just for him, hoping he'd like it and it was clear he did. 

He nodded slowly as he chewed on the sandwich. "Ok....this is good." He smiled, his voice filled with delight. "Remind me to tell you to bring me one of these every day." He said eliciting a giggle out of me. 

"I'm glad you like it...." I said trying to sound nonchalant despite the thrill of pleasure I felt. "...and I'm so not bringing you a sandwich to work everyday."

He let out a small huff before he took another bite and I watched the way he savored each morsel. I smiled again before I began telling him about the project with the new client. We talked about it for a while before we diverted to a less thriving topic. Caleb. 

"I mean I don't even get why he hates me so much." My lips twisted into a scowl. "I hate him cause he's a rude, selfish, an incredibly annoying and disgusting human being and also cause he hates me..." I added. 

"Amaris calm down." Kian threw his head back as his chest rumbled with laughter. "Like I told you Caleb is not as bad as you think he is." He leaned back on the counter. 

"Yeah....to you that is." I waved my hand in the air before placing it on my chest. "To me he's an arrogant, selfish, rude, obnoxious, egotistical, jerk. I mean he even told me to stay away from your mother..."  I pointed at him. "...like who does that?" I wrinkled my nose. 

"He did what?" Kian lifted a brow and that was when I realized I had blurted everything out to him. I pressed my lips in a thin line before slowly covering my lips with my hand. He was Caleb's cousin...of course he was supposed to know that. Right?
###chapter 70: It's cool
Kian's POV 

"I mean I don't even get why he hates me so much. I hate him cause he's a rude, selfish, an incredibly annoying and disgusting human being and also cause he hates me..." 

"Amaris calm down." I let out a small laugh. "Like I told you Caleb is not as bad as you think he is." I leaned back resting on the counter. I understood that Caleb could be rude to people sometimes....ok most times but when you get to know him really well....he's actually not that bad. 

"Yeah....to you that is." She said with a tone of understated obviousness before placing her hand on her chest. "To me he's an arrogant, selfish, rude, obnoxious, egotistical, jerk. I mean he even told me to stay away from your mother....like who does that?" She furrowed her brows. I replayed her last words in my head with scrupulous detail. *He even told me to stay away from your mother.* 

"He did what?" I arched a brow causing her to purse her lips before covering it with her hands. Caleb actually told her to stay away from our mother? Why on earth would he do that? And why didn't he tell me? I raised my brows higher gesturing for her to speak, that was when she dropped her arms to the side before parting her lips.  

She pressed them in a thin line again before she actually spoke. "Caleb told me to stay away from your mother." She leaned back avoiding my gaze. 

I scoured through my mind thinking of a reason why Caleb wouldn't want Amaris around mum but I couldn't think of one...even after putting myself in his shoes. "Why?" I wrinkled my forehead. 

"I don't know." She lifted her shoulders in a half shrug. "One day your mother came to the company to give him cookies and she couldn't find her way to his office so I helped her and she also gave me a few cookies which tasted great by the way but when we arrived at his office he looked.....mad..." She hesitated before saying. "...ok he always looks mad but this time it was obvious and it felt like he was mad because we were together. Like does that even make any sense?" She waved her hand in mid air. *It made a lot of sense* when it came to Caleb that is. "Then he was like he doesn't want to see me anywhere near his mother...at first I didn't care because she's *his* mother but after knowing how sweet she is...." She trailed off shrugging her shoulders again. "I'll still have to stay away from her though....I don't want to do anything that's going to make me have another conversation with him again." As I stared at her, I couldn't help but notice the way her arms crossed over her chest, drawing my attention to her breasts.  My gaze drifted downward subconsciously and I felt a sudden jolt of electricity run through me. I had tuned out on her words, I was no longer listening to her....not at all. 

My mind went blank as I stared, my thoughts consumed by the curve of her body. Earlier when she bumped into me I was trying do hard to not do anything stupid, anything that I'll probably regret later so she wouldn't think I was a sleazeball or creeper even though her soft boobs were pressing hard against my chest and my hands ached to touch them as a matter of fact it took everything in me not to touch her. 

I felt like I was drowning in the depths of my own desire, unable to look away from her. It was like time had stopped and all that existed was the gentle swell of her breast that dipped beneath her crossed arms. 

I was lost, I couldn't even remember what we were talking about. All I could hear we the thrum of my own pulse, the rush of blood to my face and the overwhelming urge to keep gazing at her. 

I would never forget the feeling of her soft skin against my hand when I held her earlier. Yes I wanted to pull her away from the grill but I could have touched any other part of her body like her arm or shoulder but I didn't know when next I was going to get an opportunity like that. The way the subtle yet sweet aroma wafted from her skin, the way the soft and creamy scent of vanilla mingled with the fresh and clean smell of her shampoo drawing me in, the way she slowly leaned into my touch for a tiny second giving me the impression that our thoughts were aligned. If only she knew how long I've wanted her.....if only she knew how I'd do anything to....

"Kian?" Her voice pierced the haze of my distraction making me snap back to reality and I felt a flush rise to my cheek as I realized my mistake. 

I struggled to refocus, pretending nothing had ever happened. "What?" I raised my brows. But I knew I had already been caught and I couldn't shake the feeling of embarrassment that lingered long after I looked away. 

"I asked you a question..." She said and I could tell from the she rubbed her thumb against her arm, the way her eyes flickered from place to place and from her tone that she felt a bit self conscious....thanks to me and my stupid hormones. 

"Umm..." I looked away rubbing the back of my neck gently. "...right. Can you repeat it?" 

"Nevermind." She pressed her lips together forming a forced smile. The air thickened with tension as we faced each other. It was as if the atmosphere had grown heavy and was weighing on my shoulders and every muscle in my body seemed to vibrate with strain. 

"Oh...ok." I finally broke the silence. "Do you want me to talk to Caleb about it?" I blurted out the first thing that dropped in my mind. 
###chapter 71: Okayâ€¦if you say so
Kian's POV 

"Oh no." Her eyebrows shot up. "Its okay....if he doesn't want me to talk to your mother then I won't talk to her. My life has been incredible ever since he left and I don't want to ruin that." She pushed herself off the counter before heading towards the living room and I followed forcing myself not to stare at her ass. Maybe coming to her house this late at night was a terrible idea....especially now that my hormones were all over the place. 

"Okay...if you say so." I glanced around the living room again. "So...when is your friend coming back?" I asked as a certain strawberry blonde with blue eyes flashed in my head. Maybe if she was around I wouldn't be this distracted. 

*I mean Kian's hot and so freaking sexy. I think he'll make a good boyfriend plus judging by his looks he'll probably be good in bed so girl....you definitely can't miss out on this...at least for the sex.* 

Or not. 

"Next week I think." She said before plopping down on the couch causing her soft and rounded breasts to quiver with a gentle motion. My throat bobbed with a hard swallow. I really shouldn't have come here tonight.  "Why are you asking?" *Come on Kian. Whatever you do don't picture her naked.* 

"Uh...I just noticed how quiet the place was and I just thought it wouldn't be this quiet if she was around." I settled beside her causing the couch to dip beneath my weight. Her silky night dress shifted and my gaze dropped to her exposed thigh. *I should have sat on the other couch.* I placed my hand over the chair's back rest as casually as I could as I sucked in breath to calm myself.....not obvious for her to notice though. 

"Yeah....I guess. She's not exactly the quiet type." She looked towards the ceiling like she was remembering something before nodding her head. 

"Trust me I know." I raised my brows. She looked confused for a while and it took her another few seconds to actually understand what I meant by that. 

"Right." She drawled looking away from my gaze before reaching for the remote on the small table beside her. I searched through my mind for a casual topic that we could talk about without weird things like *this* going on but unfortunately I was blank. Luckily for me she came up with something. "So you have a sister?" She asked pressing the buttons of the remote in her hand. 

"No....do you?" I shifted my gaze from the colourful screen to her eyes. "A brother perhaps?" 

"Yeah....a sister though. I don't have any brothers....or any male relative for that matter." My brows dipped in a frown as I noticed the sad glint in her eyes. 

"What about your father?" I asked not sure if my suspicions were correct. 

"Dead and gone." She said announcing her father's death like it was just some commenting on the weather or mentioning what she had for breakfast. 

"Oh...." My lips tightened. "...sorry about that." 

"I was young when it happened so it's cool." She said her gaze fixed on the TV as she moved from one chanel to another. Judging from her demeanor I could tell she was still hurt by her father's death even though she was young. 

"How did he die?" I knew I shouldn't be asking things like this but my curiosity got the best of me. 

"Shot in cold blood. Right in front of my eyes." She said in a flat robotic tone, her voice devoid of emotion and I couldn't help but feel sorry for her. 

"I'm sorry..." 

"Like I said it's cool. I still have my mother and my baby sister. My dad had no siblings and his parents died a long time ago while my mum's family rejected her because she got married to a man who wasn't as rich as they were so....." She tapered off. *Jesus Christ.* How could someone be so cruel?

"....but that's not right." I moved closer to her taking the remote from her so she'd turn to face me but she never did. She just lowered her gaze while she played with her fingers. "Your mum is free to make her own choices." *No reply.* "She's free to get married to who ever she wants to get married to." *Still no reply.* Which gave me no other choice. I slowly reached out gently grasping her chin, my fingers wrapping around it with a firm but tender touch. I felt a spark of electricity as my skin made contacts with hers and I couldn't help but notice how soft her chin was. 

I gently guilded her chin upwards, bringing her face to mine. Her eyes, dull and glossy...too glossy. I could tell she was about to cry the second our eyes met but she held it in. 

She resisted for a split second when I held her chin but she didn't pull away. And then in an instant, I released her chin letting her face drop back down. I rubbed my fingers together as the memory of her touch, lingered on my skin.

I parted my lips about to say something but when I spotted the tear rolling down her cheek I didn't know what to do or say to her anymore. I just spread out my arms....I wasn't sure if she was comfortable hugging a guy but right now it was the only think I could think of. "If you need someone to..." I wasn't able to finish the rest of my sentence because before I could process what was happening she rushed into my my arms, throwing her own arms around me. Her body shook slightly as she buried her face in my chest sobbing and I could feel her warm tears soaking through my shirt. 

I instinctively began to pat her back, trying to soothe her. "It's okay." I whispered, but she just clung to me tighter, her sobs growing more intense. I wrapped my arms around her, holding her close and letting her cry on my shoulder. I felt a small smile form as her warm breath brushed against my skin. Gently rubbing her back, I noticed how small and fragile she seemed in my arms. I wished I could take away her pain, make everything better. "It's okay." I repeated as I continued patting her as I felt her tense muscles begin to relax and slowly her sobs began to subside. Eventually she pulled back looking up at me with red, puffy eyes. I could sense her insecurity. She probably thought she looked ugly with her wet cheeks and puffy eyes. To me, though, it felt completely different. Her trembling lips, tear-streaked cheeks, and swollen eyelids only made her seem even more endearing. She was so cute and vulnerable that I couldn't help but smile as I wiped her tears away. I looked into her eyes, and for a moment, she met my gaze before looking down. "I'm sorry," She said quietly wiping her tears away before turning to the wet spot on my shirt. "I ruined your shirt and...." 
###chapter 72: It felt so right 
Kian's POV 

"Amaris...." I took her chin in my hand gently lifting her face back up to mine again. "I don't care about some....old shirt." I searched for the right word to use. "It's you I care about. I don't want to see you crying over....some stupid people who don't even care if you exist or not." I wiped a wet side of her cheek. "They don't deserve your tears...and trust me I don't think your father would like to see his baby girl crying over him." I pinched her nose playfully eliciting a smile out if her. 

"I guess it's childish and stupid for me to cry over his death considering the fact that he died many years ago." She looked away from my gaze. 

"Hey hey hey." I waved my finger in her face causing her to shift her gaze back to me.  "I didn't say it was stupid or childish to cry....everyone cries, it's a part of life and take it from me you look extra cute when you're crying..." I shifted my gaze to the TV. "...not that you should do it every time...." I turned back to her. "...I'm just saying..." I lifted my shoulders in a half shrug. 

"Stop talking." She playfully rolled her eyes.

"Sure." I chuckled before pressing my lips together making a zipping motion across them gesturing that I had zipped them shut. Then I pressed a finger on my lips smiling at her as she jokingly shook her head. 

"You're insane..." 

"I know....you've told me a thousand times." I said, my voice barely a whisper. 

She parted her lips to say something but closed it again causing my gaze to drift to her lips. "You're supposed to be quiet dumbass." 

"Another pet name added to the list. Perfect." I spoke, my tone heavy with sarcasm. 

 She let out a small laugh her eyes sparkling with amusement as hair fell in loose waves down her back. "Can you ever act normal?"

"I'm acting normal right now." A smile formed on my lips as I leaner closer causing my face to be inches away from hers. I could feel her warm breath against my skin as my heart fluttered in my chest, racing with excitement. 

I gazed into her eyes and for a second we just stared at each other. The world around us melting away leaving only the two of us. I felt another chill running down my spine for the nth time tonight and I knew I was drawn to her in a way I couldn't ignore...my gaze dropped to her lips which was less than inch away from his and I could feel the tension between us building. I wasn't sure what was going to happen next but I knew I didn't want to pull away. Not at all. 

A strand of hair dangled in front of her eye and before she could even lift her hand I had already tucked it behind her ear, my eyes never leaving hers. I admit I used to stare at her a lot but I had never taken time to notice her eyes. She had the most beautiful hazel eyes I had ever seen. A perfect blend of brown and green, with golden flecks that seemed to dance and shimmer in the light. Her eyes were framed by thick, dark lashes, which only seemed make them stand out even more. I should stop staring....I should move away from her before something happens but I couldn't...I was lost in the depths of her eyes and the only thing I could see, the only thing I could think about....was her. 

Her lips parted again drawing my attention to them again and I couldn't help but wonder how sweet they tasted. *Just one kiss wouldn't hurt right?* And if she didn't want it to she would have pushed me away like ten seconds ago, right? "Kian...." The sound of my name on her lips sent another jolt of electricity through me as I clenched my fist which still hovered over her ear before I unclenched it again trailing it down her chin. "I....we're not supposed to...." The rest of her words were drowned out when I pulled her closer crashing my lips against hers.

I knew I shouldn't be taking advantage of her vulnerability right now....she was crying in my arms and here I was kissing her. This was supposed to be wrong...but then....then...why did this feel so fucking right? 

Why did her skin feel so supple and soft beneath my touch and why was her hand tugging on my hair? She let out a small moan which reverberated through me sending shivers down my spine as her body melted into mine and I felt my heart race with excitement. I tried to pull away....I really did but it wasn't working....nothing was working apart from my arms that roamed her body. "Fuck...." I pulled away for a split second to catch my breath before claiming her lips again. I didn't know when next she was going to let me kiss her like this so I better make the best of it. 

I felt her hands move from my hair to my back, digging into my skin as our ragged breathing echoed in the room. Her lips were soft and warm and I felt white hot sparks running through me as I tasted her sweetness which tasted better than I could ever imagine. I couldn't get enough of her, I couldn't get close enough. I have to make her mine. I have to. 

I deepened the kiss, kissing her so desperately like a drowning man clinging to his last lifeline, my mouth grasping hers with a hunger that left her breathless as my hands roamed her body, my tongue exploring every corner, every curve, every damn part of her. 

After kissing her till I couldn't breathe anymore, I pulled away gasping for air. My gaze shifted to her swollen lips and her disheveled hair and the way her chest moved slightly as she steadied her breathing and I couldn't help but yearn to kiss her again but I knew I had to control myself. I shouldn't even have come here in the first place....I needed to leave before I did something else....something more than a kiss. "I....I should go." I pointed towards the door getting up but she immediately wrapped her fingers around my shirt tugging on it. 

"Please don't go yet." She tightened her grip on my shirt. "If you go now I'll have nightmares." She lowered her head. "I know I'm asking for too much but I just need someone to stay with me. I promise it'll only be for a few minutes." She finally lifted her gaze meeting mine. How could I say no to her when she's staring at me with those eyes?
###chapter 73: What happened to staying away?
Amaris' POV 

"I....I should go." Kian gestured towards the door before getting up. I didn't want him to leave.....at least not now. 

"Please don't go yet." I wrapped my fingers around his shirt averting his gaze. "If you go now I'll have nightmares." I waited for him to speak but he didn't say anything which made my heart beat even faster. "I know I'm asking for too much but I just need someone to stay with me. I promise it'll only be for a few minutes." I raised my head so I could look into his eyes again. He probably thought I was crazy and desperate....begging a guy to stay at my house because I was scared I was going to get a nightmare. How ridiculous.

 I loosened my grip on his shirt before dropping my hand to my thigh. I should have thought about this before asking him to stay....hell I should thought about this before letting him into my house. Tonight has been a whole rollercoaster....from the falling on the couch to the little moments in the kitchen and the kiss....oh the kiss. I should have pushed him away when I had the chance. Now look...he kissed me, yes but I was the one who deepened it. I was the one who pulled him closer.....what if it was a mistake? What if he didn't mean to kiss me? 

I dropped my gaze, lowering my head as I tried to calm the thudding heart in my chest. "N...nevermind. I'm fi..." 

"I would love to stay." He sank beside me. "I mean.....so you won't get nightmares. Yeah we definitely don't want that." He stuttered causing a small smile to curl up my lips. 

"Yeah....." I averted his gaze turning back to the TV. I picked up the remote and began scrolling through netflix before finally clicking on a random rom com. *When Harry met Sally.* I didn't know why I picked it though when I had already seen it before and I could bet Kian had. I loved romance movies....at least I loved watching them alone....or with Mia. Not with my boss's friend and cousin that I was sexually attracted to! But it was fine.....definitely fine. Nothing weird was going to happen. 

The movie began and slowly I found the small distance Kian and I had kept between ourselves disappearing. I blamed it on the cold night. It was freezing in here and I was too lazy to go get a blanket and the only way we could get a bit of warmth was our body heat and before I realize I was already resting my head on Kian's shoulder. We watched in comfortable silence, occasionally exchanging hushed comments and giggles. 

Meg Ryan's iconic "I'll have what she's having" line made us both burst out laughing, and I couldn't help but notice how relaxed and free he loved sitting here by my side. I mean don't get me wrong Kian was always relaxed but I don't know.....tonight he just looked so....different. 

The movie finally came to an end and as the credits rolled, I flashed a smile at Kian, feeling my heart full. "Thanks....I think that's exactly what I needed." My eyes flickered between his and it took everything in me not to stare at his lips. 

Kian then let out a small laugh before saying, "My pleasure." He placed a hand to his chest. I had told him that it'll just be a few minutes but it'd been more than an hour. I gazed into his eyes for a while before my gaze drifted to the clock on the wall. Kian probably followed my gaze because the next thing I heard was, "Oh my God...how the fuck did it get so late?" He asked getting up from the couch. It was almost 1 am in the morning and we hadn't even realized because we were up kissing and watching movies.....like couples would! A hint of pink color crept up my cheeks as I pushed the thought to the back of my head. 

"Time flies when you're having fun I guess." I lifted my shoulders in a small shrug as I followed him to the door. 

"Yeah....I guess." A gentle smile twitched at the corner of his lips as I held the door open for him. 

"Good night..." I waved as he walked out. He pressed his lips together in a thin line and I couldn't help but assume there was something he wanted to say but for some reason he couldn't say it. 

"Good night." He smiled awkwardly before he slowly turned to leave and the air between us grew thick with an uncomfortable silence. We stood at the door for a little while, hesitating, I waited cause I thought he had something to say and he? Not so sure. 

When I realized he wasn't going to say anything, I turned to head inside but then for some unknown reason I decided to take one last look and there I saw Kian's hand frozen in mid air as he tried to reach for my shoulder. He then clenched his fist before dropping it to his side. 

Our eyes met again and for a moment we just stared at each other, the tension between us palpable.

I decided to break the silence since he didn't want to say anything. "Thanks again...." I spoke, my voice barely above a whisper as I played with my fingers. "...for tonight." I added.

Kian dipped his head in a small nod, his smile weak. "No problem." He gave a tiny salute, his fingers barely brushing his forehead. Kian turned to leave again and I gently pushed the door still hoping to hear whatever it was that was running through his mind. Sadly he didn't. *Oh well....I guess it's just my imagination then.* 

The door was about closing when It suddenly stopped. That was when I looked down to see that Kian had wedged in the gap with his leg halting the door's progress. Seconds later, Kian's face appeared through the opening, his eyes locked on mine with a determined glint. 

 "Wait!" He rushed in before I could even say anything or even react. My brows dipped as I stared at him. *So he did have something to say.* 

"What is it?" I asked a I felt a surge of emotion rush through me as possible scenarios flashed in my head. As he opened his mouth to say something, I relaxed my grip on the door handle about shutting it but then he stopped by placing his hand on mine. "There's no need to shut the door again. It'll only take a few seconds."
###chapter 74: He was supposed to be back tomorrow? 
Amaris' POV

"Oh....." I dropped my hand to my side before looking up at him. "Okay then...." I stared up at him all ears. 

"Ummm....thanks again for the delicious snacks." He smiled nervously eliciting a small smile out of me. "Would you like to try this again?" My eyes widened when I heard his question. I had felt a spark between us yes, but I didn't actually think he was going to ask me out. "....I'm not talking about the kiss...I'm talking about the snacks and the movie....like a real date." He then looked away rubbing the back of his neck as he mumbled to himself but it was loud enough for me to hear. "Not that I don't want the kiss, I mean I would really love to kiss you again but that's not important right now." He cleared his throat. "I just....well....thought we should go on a real date..." He kept on babbling as I stared at him before my whole body vibrated with a giggle. 

"Kian...." I held his hand causing him to stop talking. "....I would love to go out with you." I smiled at him causing his features to light up with a beam. 

"For real?" He asked squeezing my hand. 

"For real." I nodded and his smile grew even wider, I was even afraid that his face might split in half. I felt awkward for a while since I didn't know what to do. Should we hug? Kiss again? The way Kian's gaze darted between my lips and my eyes told me he wanted to again but let's just save that for the end of our first date. 

"We should get some sleep....we have work tomorrow....I mean today." I corrected myself as I glanced at the clock again. 

"Yeah...." He pulled away from my grasp. "....but you can sleep in. Caleb doesn't have to know." A smirk crept up his lips. 

"Oh wow....and you're supposed to be responsible." I drawled planting my hand on my hips as my tone dripped with sarcasm. 

"So you won't even thank me for letting you off the hook this time?" He arched a brow. "And I am responsible. If I wasn't I wouldn't be the owner of Beck Luxury homes." He lifted his chin an inch higher.

"There you go again bragging about your position." I playfully rolled my eyes. 

"I'm not bragging...." His brows furrowed. "....trust me you'd do the same if you were in my shoes." 

"Mhmm." I sized him up. 

"I'm not sure you're supposed to be up by now...." He gestured towards his wrist with a smug look on his face. "....isn't it already passed your bedtime, Princess?" He drawled. 

*Princess?* Why the hell was he calling me that? "Don't call me that." I glared at him.

"Okay....Princess." a challenging glint flashed in his eyes as I let out an exasperated huff. I reached for the door handle pulling it open.

"It's also passed your bedtime dumbass...so do both of us a favor and leave." 

"Good night Princess." He leaned closer giving me a light kiss on my forehead causing all the thoughts to vanish from my head. Heat crept up my cheeks as our eyes met again. "Good night." I looked away. 

He let out a small laugh. "What happened to sending me out of your house?" A satisfied grin formed on his lips. 

"Get lost." I pushed him outside slamming the door in his face. A relieved breath left my lips as I slid down the door till I sat on the floor with my knees to my chest. A small smile formed on my lips as his laughter echoed outside my doorstep. *Oh Ammie. What happened to staying away from Caleb's cousin?*


 "And it happened? Just like that?" Mia's eyes lit up as she shifted closer hugging one of her legs to her chest while the other dangled from the chair. The last time we talked on the phone I had told her about the kiss Kian and I shared that night and she insisted I wait till she gets back before I tell her everything. I was not even surprised when she showed up at my...our doorstep the next day. Typical Mia. 

"Well....not just like that." I said before sending a potato chip down my throat. As expected she had brought souvenirs and tasty treats for me to try out. There was no way she'd go all the way to California and not bring back something for her best friend. "He asked if I had a brother....then father....and then I got....well emotional and all." I averted my eyes from hers as my face flushed with embarrassment. 

"Oh..." An awkward silence settled between us for a few seconds but if there was someone who made awkwardness impossible it was Mia. "So tell me...." She leaned closer resting her chin on her arms while she looked up to see me. "Is he a good kisser?" 

Memories of Kian's tongue thrusting inside my mouth and his arms wrapped around my waist while the other tipped my chin an inch higher flashed in my head and I couldn't stop the colours from rising up to my cheeks. "I don't know." I tried my best to sound as normal as I could as I chewed on the potato chip as the faint salty tang flavor lingered in my mouth after swallowing. 

"That's nonsense." She pulled back, her lips twisting into a frown. "Is he a good kisser or not?" She planted he hands on her hips. 

"Yes." I'd kissed my fair share of men over the years, and I could confidently say that Kian *was* a good kisser. The way my heart skipped a beat, the flutter in my core, the way my senses came alive that night, that was all the proof I needed. If the way my body responded...the thrill of excitement and the ache of desire wasn't enough to convince me, then I'm not sure what would. Kian's kiss was unmistakably exceptional. "He is." 

Mia's jaw dropped before contorting into a sly smirk. "Oh really?" She wiggled her brows. 

"Stop it." I pushed her away. "If you're acting like this just because I told you that we kissed, I wonder how you're going to act if I tell you about the date." I muttered to myself with a lazy eye roll. 

"What date?" Her brows dipped in a frown as my eyes widened. I stiffened for a few seconds before slowly turning to find her gaping at me. I didn't actually expect her to hear me...if I did I wouldn't have said it out loud. "He asked you out?!" 

"Shhh....you're yelling." I shushed her. 

"Of course I'm yelling. Kyle asked you out and you didn't tell me." She shoved my shoulders. 

"I just did..." 

"No you didn't." She said before snatching the potato chips away from me. "You don't deserve those." She pouted. 

"Wha...." I spread out my arms watching her as she got up from the couch. "What do you mean I don't deserve those?" A small laugh left my lips as I followed her. "Please give it back." 

"No." 

"Please...." I begged as we took a turn heading towards our bedroom.
###chapter 75: Hell no
Amaris' POV

"Nope...." She shook her head attempting to slam the door in my face. 

"Hey...." I rushed inside turning to find her frowning at me. "Okay what do I need to do for you to forgive me huh?" I plopped on the bed with a heavy thud, my body sinking into the mattress like a stone as I watched her features brightened and a small smile formed on my lips. 

"Hmm...." She looked up wrapping her fingers around her chin. "....I have to pick your outfit and your hairstyle for your date." 

"Hell no." I held my palm up. "The last time you picked a dress for me you got me in trouble." I fell back onto the bed with a deep exhausted sigh, my body sprawling across the mattress like a ragdoll. 

"You didn't get into trouble because of the dress Ammie....you got into trouble because your boss is a dick." She settled beside me. 

"True...." I acknowledged. "....but doesn't change the fact that you got me into trouble." 

"Yeah but your boss isn't around now." She lifted her shoulders in a small shrug. "Plus you're going on a date with Kian.....there's no way you can get in trouble if I pick your outfit." 

"Fine." I let out a small huff as I grabbed a pillow before crawling deeper into the bed. I had a long day at work and Mia had a long trip. We were both tired and we needed to rest but she wouldn't stop blabbing about Kian. If I was excited about our date then Mia was electrified. I knew I needed to ask her about the guys in California but I was too tired to speak so I'll probably do that tomorrow.....I wanted to hear about every fucking hot guy she met but right now I needed to recharge. 

~~~~~~~~~

Kian's POV

"And she agreed to come for dinner?" Mum asked her voice dripping with excitement as her hands glided over my shoulders with gentle soothing strokes. She had always insisted on giving me a massage whenever I visited. She said it was the only thing she could do to help me relax. I was against it at first but with time I started looking forward to them. 

"Well not yet....but she agreed to go on a date with me. As for the family dinner....that might take a while." I told her causing her to let out a small sigh. 

"But it's almost the end of the month?" She whined as she kneaded my skin and I felt myself melting like wax under warmth of her touch. 

"I know mum...." A relaxed sigh left my lips. "...it's not my fault Caleb told her to stay away from you. She's gonna need a lot of convincing before she actually comes near you since she doesn't want to do anything that'll make Caleb....." 

"Caleb told her to stay away from me?" She asked cutting me off as her hands froze on my arms and I couldn't stop a disapproving groan from leaving my lips. 

"So it seems." I threw my head back when she continued. "Why won't you come live with me? So you can give me massages like this whenever I return from work." I bent my head so far back that I could see her. 

"That's your girlfriend's job you knuckle head, not mine." She smacked my forehead causing me to let out a small wince. 

"You didn't have to hit me so hard." I rubbed my forehead gently. 

"No more massages for you...." She dropped her arms to the side and I jerked my head towards her. 

"What?! But why?" I sniveled. 

"Because...." She began, sitting on the chair opposite me. "....I've been telling you and your cousin to get a girlfriend but no....you guys don't want to listen....especially Caleb. All you guys do is sleep with countless women. Caleb even got a new mistress." Her lips twisted into a scowl.

"We're men it's what we do.....and I haven't even slept with anyone in months." *I haven't slept with anyone since Amaris and I became friends but mum didn't need to know that.* 

"Mhmm." She rolled her eyes. 

"I'm serious....and about the girlfriend thing....I'm working on it." I told her before throwing my head back again. I tried my best to control my excitement when Amaris agreed to go out with me....I mean I even managed to walk all the way back to my apartment like a normal person without skipping or jumping like an eight year old. I was too pumped to sleep that night....I kept thinking about the kiss, how she had leaned in close, how her tiny hands tugged on my hair, how she moaned when my hands roamed her perfect skin and how sweet she tasted. 

I couldn't shake off the memory of the way my heart had skipped a beat, the way my pulse had quickened, and the way every nerve in my body had come alive at that moment. And now, that I had finally asked her out, I couldn't help but wonder if there would be more of those kisses to come. I really have to make her mine. There is no other option. 

"What are thinking about you numbskull?" A knowing glint flashed in mum's eyes as a sly grin crept up her face. 

"Her...." The word left my lips before my brain could even register it. 

"Oh really?" She lifted a brow. "You know you haven't told me how you asked her out." 

"I'm not going to." I looked away from her gaze with a small smile. "I'm not even supposed to....." My sentence was cut short by the vibrating sound from the table beside me. It was my phone. I narrowed my eyes into thin slits as I stared at my phone with a scrutinizing look. Why the hell was he calling by this time of the day? 

"Who is that?" Mum watched as I picked up the phone from the table before tapping on the green icon. 

"It's your son." I turned my phone showing her the screen before lifting it to my ear. 

"Tell him I'm here..." Mum whispered as I dipped my head in a small nod. 

"Hey there my incredibly amazing older brother." I smiled as my voice dripped with sarcasm. 

"Oh stop it with sugary sweet talk. You're making my teeth ache." His deep gruff voice grumbled through the line. 

"Not even a hello to you too....as usual." I added leaning back in my chair. "And you're the one who called me, so don't complain." My grin grew wider. 

"Whatever.....I just called to inform you that something unexpected came up and I'll be staying longer in South Korea." 

"What?" My brows furrowed and so did mum's. She had been watching me with a smile the whole time but since the call wasn't on speaker she just settled for hearing only my side of the conversation.

"I was supposed to be back tomorrow but now.....I don't even know when I'll be able to come back." Caleb was supposed to be back tomorrow? And I didn't even know? Thank God something came up otherwise my date with Amaris would have been cut short.
###chapter 76: He's back. 
Amaris's POV 

I couldn't believe that I was letting Mia pick my clothes, I was brewing with excitement from the naughtiness overload though a little shy because I didn't want her to overdo it.

I already had my bath with the steaming water that had 100 intoxicating scents added in it and I was all red after that warm bath. I had my bath towel tightly wrapped around my perfect figure. The smug look on my face was pretty funny.

Mia screamed my name with excitement vividly. I rushed towards her and my eyes about to pop out of their sockets when I saw the masterpiece laying elegantly on the bed..it was neither too slutty or too covered, just elegant and pretty. Its color was shouty but perfect for my skin color. Then she mumbled something under her breath that I didn't catch but I totally ignored and I hurriedly jumped into the dress.

It was snatched and I could barely breathe but it was all worth it but she didn't let me take a breather as she pulled me to the couch and started tidying up my hair into a messy bun that she called sexy. 

"Amaris", she called when she noticed that I wasn't paying attention to her. " Are you feeling sick or you don't want to go anymore?"she asked with a worried tone that got me back to my senses as I quickly waved my hands to indicate nothing was the problem but she clearly wasn't convinced as she persisted that I talk..

I wiped the tears that threatened to drop off my eyes before I hugged her like a bear and said, " I want to go Mia. I'm just gonna miss you and I don't want to leave you." She laughed out loud before hitting my head and saying, " Stop being silly..though i thought you were thinking about Caleb."

I rolled my eyes though the red blush on my cheek was evident thinking about his hoarse voice, his groans while he did it with herimagining it was me. 

The phone let out a ringing sound. 

It was time.

I walked right out of the house and my mouth was wide open in amazement as I stared at him like he was my dream man. He looked prom and proper. I hid the smile as I watched him walking towards me with a wide smile on his face then he grabbed my hands and we both walked into the car.

We drove the car in total silence except from our hands that were tightly locked together as my fingers traced his palms in total excitement. Then he turned my face with my palms, he looked deep into my eyes and he said the sweetest thing I have ever heard in a while, " You look extremely beautiful night. Maybe another kiss later?"

I was speechless. 

We walked right into the restaurant and he cleared the restaurant and there was no single soul asides the gentleman playing the piano and the beautiful waitress that had a humble smile on her face then she escorted us to our table. It had beautiful colors of different candles on it with a strikingly gorgeous red table clothe on it.

Different appetizing meals were served and he started up a discussion and I could only laugh my heart out as he acted hilarious. 

"AmarisI don't want to call you that.", he said with a puppy face staring at me cutely and I asked, " What do you want call me?"

"I want to call you mine. Will you be mine?"

"My secretary can't be yours Kyan. What's going on here?", a cold voice rang in the room and I could feel my body clashing as I held the table to steady myself. 

"He's back", I whispered as my heart beat harshly against my chest as my neck went stiff afraid to see him.


___________

Kian's POV 

I stood outside the door for what seemed like hundreds of years waiting to see her..I couldn't stop the excitement..I was finally going out with her and I will ask her out today. Then I thought what would Caleb say about this..he seemed to have feelings  for her. 

The door opened and I turned to look at her as her silhouette walked out and she looked just like a goddess with her dress hugging her petite hourglass figure making me think of the things I could do to her body there and then. She tried to hide her smile but that made her cuter and made her more irresistible.. I walked towards her acting like the prim gentle, held her hands gently to show her how i would treat her in the future.

We got into the car and the eeriness was getting to my nerves. I moved closer to her wanting to pull her by waist and put my mark all over her body only to move her face then I couldn't muster up the courage to tell her what I wished to so I said, " You look extremely beautiful."

Then I added something, " Another kiss?"

I saw the glow in her eyes and it was a good sign.. We finally got to restaurant..I hoped everything was how I planned then everything would go as I wanted and she will be my girlfriend by the end of the day. I frowned when I saw the man playing the piano but all that went away when I saw the excitement and amazement in her eyes. I guess I could manage if that's what made her happy.

We sat down and I started telling her all the funny posts I had crammed the night before to impress her and it did. Then I finally said what I wanted to say all night but I was a little drunk, " Amaris I don't want to call you that. I don't like it." 

She smiled softly melting my heart and said, " What do you want to call me?"

" I want to call you mine.. Will be mine?", I said in a go feeling my heart beat go irrational as I stared right at her but at that moment I felt like ice was poured on me as I heard a cold voice right at the back of my neck that said, " My secretary can't be yours, Kian." 

I stood up immediately staring at him dumbly. 

"Caleb, what are you doing here? I thought you won't be back until next week."

The corner of his lips lift up coldly then he spat some words out coldly without looking at me, " Amaris let's go."

She shook her head then walked away..he followed right after her.
###chapter 77- Caleb kissed me 
Caleb's POV 

I was supposed to come back home tonight from South Korea. I missed my girl: her cute giggling, the wiggling of her waist, her bounce whenever she moved. I haven't been around for weeks, I'm sure she was happy from our bickerings and the continuous moaning that came out from my officehow I wish it was hers. I wished to hold her slender waist and put her right on my laps then fuck the hell out of her. I want her mouth to spill profanities from the pleasure that I show her. 

My cold demeanor shattered into different pieces when the information got to me that I'm going back home tonight. I immediately rushed back. 

Butonce, I got back, I called her phone and it showed the user was busy.

Busy doing what? Where is Amaris?

There were only two places that she could be- at home or at work. I immediately got to her home and It was dark..indicating no one was there but I saw Mia coming home with groceries but Amaris was no where knew.

"Agent 42, check where Amaris is. Right now."

As the clock clicked, my patience decreased and my annoyance increased.

" She's at a restaurant with Kian boss"

I flew up in rage. What was he doing with her? And why was she with him?

I directed the driver to immediately move to that place and as soon as we got there I ran out of the car without minding my image and I got there right on time to hear Kian say something ridiculous but something I feared she wanted.

" I want to call you mine. Will be mine?", he said cheekily.

I didn't give her any space to answer before I said " No"

I wanted to leave with me but she walked out and walked straight to the resting room. 

I followed behind thinking of the various ways I could punish her and show her that she was actually mine. 

As soon as we both walked into the toilet, I closed the door with a bang and looked at her fiercely like a lion about to devour its prey but she returned it without fear. This increased the fire burning within me as I took a ferocious step to her and push her against the wall with my face besides her neck. Her scent swifted right into my nose and she gasped slightly before closing her eyes. I smiled.

My hands grabbed her waist as she moved closer with her body pushing right on my groinI grounded sexily. 

I looked at her passionately enjoying every single moment. Her rapid intake of breath, the flush of red on her face, her indecisive between grabbing me and pushing me as my nose rubbed against her nose and I gave her a small peck before I leaned down and kissed her cherry lips, nibbling it softly then sucking it and she tried to resist but I held her tighter.

I pulled away as I used my fingertips to rub those red lips then I looked right in her eyes and carried her up the washbasin quickly then I pressed her back against the mirror looking right at myself.

I smirked and she said softly but intoxicating, " Caleb." 

Something within me stared and my eyes darkened as I pulled in for more. 

______

Amaris POV

The door shut with a bang and I looked back amazed only to see him looking right at me. 

Caleb. 

He stared at me and then started walking to me slowly and I moved back until my back was pressed against the wall and his face on my neck..my body was totally stiff as his muscular hands gripped my waist tightly as if  he wished to break them. 

He kissed me softly and passionately tasting every inch of my mouth whilst biting it slowly as I closed my eyes and pulled him closer then he pulled away and I opened my eyes only to see him staring at me seductively. I got up and looked at him in rage then I yelled, " What's your problem? I'm not your property." It didn't seem like he heard a single word of mine instead he shut me up with a kiss. His tongue sucked my tongue digging deeper into my mouth looking for something then it licked every corner of my mouth.

I moaned softly in bliss. 

"Ahah ah Caleb."

He stopped then looked right at my eyes then he went down to my neck, shifting my hair to the side as he sniffed in my scent and let out a soft mumble.

" You smell so sweet." 

My stomach rumbled in excitement and my core wet from waiting. I was about to burst from pleasure when I felt his hands going under my gown and I gasped then held him tighter. 

He rubbed against me softly and gently letting out a gentle laughter something I haven't ever heard as he said, " You are so wet". I nodded unconsciously and I became embarrassed right at that moment as I immediately closed my legs with his hands in there.

" Open up. Be a good girl." 

He patted my legs naughtily then shifted the fabric and his hands went to my clit playing it like a button and I moaned to his touch and moved closer for more. 

" Ah fuck.. Caleb what are you doing?"

He didn't say anything as he put a finger right into me and I yelled, " Ahh fuck that hurts."

He thrusted it in gently but wildly breaking every barrier as my mouth went wild open and I gasped for air.

He pulled his finger out then put it into his mouth and sucked it while maintaining eye contact then lunged in for another kiss and I held him by his neck..fully accepting it.

I was tasting my own juice.

Then the door opened and I saw a face looking at me disappointed, " Kyan."

Caleb turned towards him and smirked and I realized the posture we were in.

I pulled away and tried to run after his disappearing figure but Caleb pulled me by my wrist and pressed my figure against the wall with passion lit in his eyes.

" Let's continue what we started? Mhmm?", he said with a crazy smile as his hands lifted my chin and he returned to my lips, kissing it fervently.

With a ripping sound, he tore my clothes into shreds and stood in front of him bare as he looked at me. 

I used my hands to cover myself but he pulled my hands away then whispered gently into my ear lobe that he softly but

" You are beautiful." 

His body right on mine as I could feel his hard dick pressing right against my pussy and I moaned

" Caleb.. please."
###chapter 78- Am I one of his mistresses now? 
Amaris's POV 

He left me there naked and sent someone to bring me clothes. I walked myself home embarrassed.. unsure of my feelings of what was wrong or right. But I did know that what he had done was wrong but I loved the way he kissed me, called my name, claimed me as his and touched me. I shuddered and felt butterflies in my stomach. 

I finally got home and I was cold..felt ridiculous. Got in and Mia started asking all kinds of questions and I behaved just like a scum back when I yelled at her.

" Leave me alone Mia. It's not your business."

She left me alone and I could hear the opening and closing then the echoing of my own shattered heart. I picked up the phone and I swore I called Kian like a hundred times but I heard the same thing over and over again. 

The number you have called is busy and unable to pick this call.

I cried myself to sleep, laid on the bed feeling hopeless while waiting for my boring cycle to continue, then it clicked to meI kissed my boss. 

Was I one of his playthings now? 

The sun finally got up and decided to burn me into crisps so I reluctantly got up and had my bath. I looked up my wardrobe today and I had a change of heart..maybe I could try something a little bit modern. 

When I was done, I looked at myself in the mirror and I couldn't recognize that sexy sweet looking girl. Then I blew myself a kiss and walked out of the house. 

Surprisingly, there was a limo outside but I pretended to ignore it and I walked the other way but I noticed the car was following me then I heard rapid footsteps behind me. I turned back and I saw a weird looking man looking at me strangely then he uttered emotionlessly, " The boss wants you to get into the car."

"Tell your boss to fuck off", I muttered then walked faster.

I knew exactly who it was and I didn't want to be in space with him. What exactly does Caleb want? He has been trying to punish me for a while so what's with all this now? 

But before I could think further, I realized I was floating and I saw the cold face before me and I started fighting with my whole body but he refused to let me go before he stuffed me into the car. I tried to maintain the silence to keep him uncomfortable, then he said coldly, " Agent 412 remembered to get some change of clothes for Ammie."

"Excuse you. Only my friends call me Ammie and there's clearly nothing wrong with my clothes", I said annoyedly while looking at him sternly. " Agent 412, don't forget."

I harrumphed and crossed my hands together deciding to ignore his existence.

"Amaris, what's my schedule today?"he asked coldly, regaining his disdainful personality that I scorned. I replied in the same manner," You have a meeting with the board members then with the Top executives then an outing with Kiara as a top model to showoff our new product".

"Shift everything.", he said while maintaining a cold expression. I was completely speechless but I didn't question it instead I nodded humbly. Then he said shockingly, " Have lunch with me."

I coldly rejected it without thinking twice and we were already at the company so I stepped down only to see Kiara standing like a pet in front of the door.

Her face changed once she saw me coming down and she ignored my greetings. I shrugged my shoulders and walked right in but his cold voice stopped me again, " Amaris, you should work besides me." 

I had to slow down until we were walking shoulder by shoulder and I could here the people whispering about me being the new one warming his bed and sucking his dickI sneered from the whisperings wishing one would say it to my face so they would take a smack. 

Kiara stood frozen in her spot. I pitied her since the term used and dump was similar to her situation.

_____

Caleb's POV 

I couldn't help but stop by her house after the wonderful time yesterday and I knew I wanted more and I would get more. I loved the way she moaned my name and clenched to my clothes from the pleasure. I wanted her legs wrapped around my waist while I pounded her and make her never see my cousin ever again. Just while I was in deep thoughts, I saw her sexy self coming out of the door and my eyes popped out of the socket with my mouth wild open..I could feel my dick pulsating and getting harder as the clock tick- her cleavage was pouring out of her clothes, her skirt tightly gripped her waist area showing off her buttocks and I groaned from the pain of being unable to release.

I watched as she rejected my agent's offer to get into the car and my patience grew thin as I got down the car and carried her. It undeniably felt so good holding her thin waist in my hands and I felt like kissing her at that very moment but I held myself. 

The thought then came to me, other men would see my girl this way so I ordered Agent 412 to get new clothes for her but she rejected it without thinking twice. I continued to taunt her because I loved the sound of her voice and it gave me peace.

I wanted lunch with her but she denied and got out of the car without waiting for me then I saw Kiara waiting for me stupidly. 

"Ahhhhh what's she doing here?", I thought then proceeded to move past her without casting her a glance. 

Then i stopped Amaris and we walked side by side but all of a sudden, I wanted to hold her hands when I saw the side glances from the male workers so I grabbed her waist and pulled her to myself without a heartbeat.

I could sense the envy but there was a smug look on my face knowing that she was just mine then I saw a face I didn't want to see and she said, " Kian."

He walked away without looking at her but she chased after him after she flung my wrist to the side. 

I stood there enraged then I roared, " Amaris!"

She continued moving but then I said, " if you take a single step then you are fired and blacklisted."
###chapter 79: A moment with You 
Amaris POV

I shuddered, a sense a fear grip me. This job was more like my life. Why was he threatening me with it.

I needed my pay to clear up my debt and it turns out that he knew. My feet paused as I shamelessly suck my breath, exhausted and tired.

My body flinches as I heard his footsteps behind me, and I almost forgot how to breath when his hot breath fanned my neck, his soft groan.

"I hate it when you act tough..."

"What do you want from me?" I whispered, my breath thickens as I clenched my fists, not daring to look back.

"Why are you ignoring me amaris" he furthers in a deep low tone that felt as though he was seducing me.

I wish to get close to Kian, to explain to him that there's nothing between us but then this boss was freaking me out.

It seems as though he knew I needed this job and keeps using it against me.

I just wish someone would save me, someone would bump in on us. My lips shook as I felt his arms around my waist.

"I don't want you close to Kian, just me because I own you" he declares, his husky voice cutting through me like a sharp knife.

His closeness made me mousey and I felt like he'd melt my flesh.

My body quivers in his hold. I couldn't, even when my thighs quiver with want. I just have to break out or this might get toxic on me and i'd become the victim.

I became speechless, sweat beads on my face as I couldn't tell what to reply, the pain in my eyes, yet his presence made me feel mousey.

Then I felt his lips on my neck, so warm and fluffy as he was kissing me there, sucking my neck.

No one can own me. I brush him mildly with my elbow, just so he'd move away.

However, he wasn't moving and fortunately, I could see that I was in front of an elevator and so I quickly haul myself from him.

He almost stuttered, his cold domineering face peering at me, his wet lips folded as he suddenly scoffed, I could sense he was cussing out me.

"We're at the office sir" I pointed out in a harsh tone and jumped inside the elevator.

Watching it slide close, I breath heavily, feeling as though i'd achieved a lot. I could get to Kian without him knowing...

The door suddenly spur open, Caleb had stopped it by placing his hand in between and it slides open.

He had that cocky smile on his face, as though he got me trapped with him. My breath ceased and I was quivering.

The elevator door slides behind him and a gripping sensation caught my throat.

I was blown apart by the heat he created between us. He took a calculative step closer, almost grabbing me but then I moved aside and accidentally, he banged his head on the wall.

I gasped that wasn't intentional. He growl at me, as he moved to grab my wrist and accidentally I used my fist to punch his nose.

Oh my God, what am I doing? He widened his eyes at me and I quickly bow, trying to apologize but then, shock stole the very air out of me.

Blood was drooling from his nose! How hard did I hit him. I just didn't want him close to me yet because I was panicking that Kian might run into us again.

It seems as though he was frozen where he stood. His hand gently rubbed his nose and his fingers shook when his eyes met his blood.

"Shit! Amaris did you plan all this to kill me?"

I gulp hard and drew closer to him, thinking of how to stop the bleeding. I just didn't know how to feel but I could tell I was grinning inside my heart.

Sometimes, he just needs to respect women. I gave him no response and when I intended to touch his face, he shoved my hand away, used his neck tie to wipe his blood.

"You're doing this on purpose right"

I was still quiet pretending not to care but I was freaking out, wanting to see if he was injured anywhere.

I didn't know my hit would be hard, he acts tough yet have a fragile face. The blood wouldn't stop which heights my fear.

I tried to touch him but he wouldn't let me because I know he'd be pissed off, didn't he want to hold me? Why was he acting this way.

Annoyingly, I held his shoulder and shoved his to face.

"You might die if you don't let me handle it" I whispered, our eyes peering at each other.

His arms had gone around my waist and the way we were posed as though we'd kiss each other.

"Is this your way of seducing me?" He questioned and my heart was flustered, like he was reading through me.

"Perhaps, we should cover the bleeding first" I responded as his come hither grin was compelling.

Hastily, I untied the tie on him and covered his nose.

"Hold it up this way until we get to the office" I mused pushing him back a bit as his bright face turned sore.

It seems as though he wasn't willing to do that, neither was the bleeding stopping.

Does he have leukemia or something? It seems as though he wasn't even bothered.

I had to cover his nose with my palm just so he wouldn't look stupid and I could see the shock in his eyes, my other hand was holding his neck just so his head would bend to my level.

"Amaris! I'm your boss..."

"Not now" I quickly retort knowing I was doom. He can touch me but I can't. Was he some kind of god?

The elevator halts and the door glides open. The first person I saw outside the elevator was Kian!

I quickly took my hand from Caleb's nose, forgetting that his blood was on my palm, I rubbed it on my dress.

Oh no, what an unfortunate day. I moved my feet closer to Kian as I could sense that disappointment in his eyes.

I almost muttered his name when I suddenly heard a loud thud. Kian and I shuddered as I rolled my eyes behind me.

It was Caleb, he had collapsed!
###chapter 80: His Demise
Caleb's POV

The holster machine beeps in my ears, the florescent light poured on my face as I squint my eyes.

My breath was hassle and I felt something fluffy pressed against my back but then all this feeling became superfluous but one, a soft touch, someone was holding my hand.

Slowly, I opened my eyes and she was the first it met. I had a doleful gaze at her, her worried eyes drinking every features on me as though memorizing me.

"Amaris..."

I was weak, having no idea how I came over here but I knew I was having an argument with her in the elevator.

I locked my fingers with her, heaving softly. Does she know?

My ears heard her sniff, like she cried. It took a while until I got a lucid picture of her.

"Oh thank goodness Caleb, you're alive" she muttered, tears brewed up in her eyes.

She sigh, scanning my face if there was any injury.

For a moment, time stopped, I went breathless with her touch on my face, like she was the doctor. Doesn't she hate me? Why was she acting all nice? Is she scared just so I wouldn't fire her?

A lot of thoughts rang in my head as I could hear a doctor close by exchanging words with his nurse.

Even if it were an act, I couldn't help but I think that she's all I need now. The doctor examine me to see if there was an complications.

I locked eyes with him, just a reminder that no one should know what's wrong with me.

He understood that and only told amaris that it was nothing serious and prescribed some medications.

She was so relieved, definitely perturbed that she caused me to faint in the elevator.

Once he had left with his nurse, I was left with amaris, she was holding me firm, not wanting to let go and I was feeling so emotional about the whole scenario.

"I'm so sorry for earlier, I never meant it" she apologized, her tears almost choking her words.

Slowly, I intended to rise, to cuddle her but she beckoned on me to lay down.

"I will if you lay with me..." I requested, weak and exhausted. She folded her lips, her eyes staring into mine.

She wouldn't, I know. Suddenly, I saw her standing up and then climb the bed to lay beside me.

I flung my hand to her back, pulling her closer, to feel her heat, to feel her breath, her fragrance.

Our face lean against each other as we exchange breath. She was tensed, her eyes proves it.

Her heavy breath and her body vibrates.

"Were you scared?" I whispered, to make her feel relaxed in my arms. Her silence pricks my heart.

If only I'd just keep hearing her voice and her nagging like she was the boss and I am the employee.

"You passed out Caleb" she responded and I could hear her serene voice and that was pleasing.

She was worried and I felt my heart thud. My face had gone pale, I licked my lips which felt dried.

A sudden sadness engulfed me as I was just staring at her with a lot of thoughts lurking in my head.

If only I've got more time to live, it would be with her. It wasn't her fault, she was only trying to stay away from me but I just want to be with her.

"You sure do have some nice kicks! I can proudly say you'd be safe in the midst of thugs" I mused with a frown on my face and she let out a silent, then it was replaced by a smile.

However, it faded when she noticed I was staring. I placed her hand on my head, just so she'd rub it and she did.

Her face straightened up as she seems calm than ever. I felt this might be my last moment being treated nicely by her.

Perhaps, I should be falling sick everyday to see nice side of hers but it might be too late.

"Let's just stay this way" I requested trying to shut my eyes when she said;

"Why are you acting as though you're about to die...this is the kindest way you've spoken to me"

I rolled my eyes, feeling heavy at heart because of her question. A smirk escaped my lips as I scanned her.

Her bright eyes probes for an answer.

"What if today was my last day to breath" i questioned, my eyes fixed on her. I was tensed about the reply she'd give me.

It shouldn't be heartbreaking, the news about my health was depressing as it is.

She scoffed and rolled her eyes with an expression of contempt. That alone proves she wouldn't be troubled if I was kicked out.

Possibly, I was the third wheel between her and Kian. Maybe I should just fire him, frame him and get him arrested just so all her attention would be on me.

"I'd be happy, I don't have to listen to a narcissist as a boss!" She affirmed and then quickly closed her mouth.

Amaris was blunt and I suck my breath as she was pertrified by what i'd do next.

My eyes lowered at her but I just didn't want to appear sad to her and only eyed her.

I heaved softly and just buried my head on her breast, squeezing her closer to me. There was no strength left in me for an argument.

I was just weak and I couldn't speak properly. I suddenly felt her hand stroking my back, mildly.

If only she'd be this nice to me genuinely and not seeming as though she's been forced to do it.

"You won't die, not yet, until you pay me my salaries" she whispers and a sad smile left my lips as I felt comfortable.

My ears could hear her hum as if was pleasant, the way she wrapped me also like I was a child made me miss my mom.

In a short while I fell asleep, having no nightmares and just her hum. I didn't know how long I slumb but when I opened my eyes, she was gone.
###chapter 81: The unexpected guest
Amaris POV

I was tensed, jittery and perturbed, hoping he opens up. I left the hospital early just to come over to his apartment.

He was everything I needed but unfortunately, my boss was becoming a third wheel.

I rang his doorbell for a long time, tired of waiting but it seems he wouldn't answer. I'd feel that way too if I were in his shoes.

I let out a soft sigh and intended to take my leave when the door chimes open.

I smiled sadly as I was staring at him now. He left the door open and I stepped inside, my heart scampering with excitement that he let me in.

"Don't you think it's too early to disturb my peace of mind?" He whispers lazily dragging his feet to his couch.

I could see his dog, a Maltese, lagging out it's tongue and rolling on the ground with excitement written all over its face.

It wagged it's tail and ran to hide behind kian's leg.

"What do you want amaris, it's the weekend not work days" he mused drawing my attention back to him and I nodded.

I heard he was ill and it was obvious judging from how he look, I guess he haven't eaten either.

"I just well, stopped by to say hi as a colleague" i responded in between my teeth and he ran his fingers through his hair, staring at me unbelievably.

"You should be with him, besides, you're dating" he mused while closing his eyes and growling.

I folded my lips and exhaled softly. I didn't respond to his words again and paced towards the kitchen to prepare something.

He couldn't stop me even if he wanted to and watch me prepare lunch.

I tried to engage him in talks but he was quiet and kept scrolling on his phone. It was obvious, he's trying to avoid me because he thinks Caleb and I are dating.

"We are not dating Kian" I pointed out but he let out a silent hiss and dragged his feet to the dining table which was close to the kitchen.

I was done cooking chicken chowder soup and placed the pot on the table with bowls that we could have the soup in.

However, before we could dig in, I heard the doorbell ring. We both glanced at ourselves and I gestured to Kian if perhaps he was having an guest.

He shook his head, and I lowered my gaze back to the table but the doorbell came again.

"I'd check it out" I responded slowly rising from my seat. Hastily, I stride towards the door and when I spur it open, I was shocked to find Caleb.

I froze where I stood, too stunned to speak as I thought of perhaps I was staring at a ghost.

I intended to slam the door but he placed his hand quickly on the door knob and opened the door widely.

His eyes blaze at me and I lost my breath. Why? Why does he keep showing up? Not when I'm trying to make things up with Kian.

I bite my lower lips wanting to push him away just so Kian wouldn't find out. This is so embarrassing.

The doctor says he can be discharged in two days, why is he here?

I cleared my throat intending to address him but he pushed me from his way and got inside.
I stuttered aside and widened my eyes.

"Who's that?" Kian asked and I could hear his footsteps behind me which halts immediately he sighted Caleb which I guess.

I rolled my face at Kian who seems surprised too, finding the boss in his house.

I was so scared, what if they break into a fight?

Kian gave Caleb a slight bow and I almost moved towards where he stood but Caleb grabbed my hand and pulled be back to stand beside him.

He suddenly raised a package up with a frown.

"Aren't I permitted to visit an employee?" He asked and my heart thuds fast as sweat beads on my head.

Kian and I locked eyes as he exhaled and said;

It's the weekend and I don't like surprise guest" he pointed out while I ducked my head, curious to know what's in the package bag.

Caleb scoffed unbelievably, I doubt if he got any strength in him after driving a long distance here.

This is the calmest he can be. He sniffed his nose and pulled me with him towards the dinning table.

This wasn't his house and he shouldn't be behaving this way. I drew my hand from him and pant heavily.

I threw my gaze at Kian and I saw him drawing closer to the dining table. He was annoyed but has to keep up to Caleb's nuisance.

I studied these two and they were glaring at themselves. Caleb brought out a bottle of whiskey from the package bag on placed it on the table.

He gestured to me to get some glass cups, I was hesitant for a while but then I quickly got three glass cups and returned.

"Do you go on to prepare meals to anyone that calls you pretty?" He muses staring at the mini pot of chowder.

I eyed him as his aura was already ruining the mood.

"She does it for special people, I presume you're not on the list" Kian replied with a cold gaze at him that I gasped.

No, this is bad. He barely tame Caleb's pride but it seems he was fed up already.

Caleb scoffed while I pretended not be in their midst. I placed the glass cup at everyone's end and intended to take my plate and serve myself but Caleb pulled it from my hand.

"But we've fucked, at least I own her body" Caleb bragged and my soul left me. My hands were trembling where I sat.

I felt so embarrassed and returned a glare at Caleb who smirked at him.

"And each time, she begs me not to stop..."

"Stop!" I screamed hating this moment, how can he embarrass me in this manner? He always force himself on me.
###chapter 82: The Fight
Amaris POV

"If sex is your achievements, then all the ladies should be scared of you, I can't even entrust my daughter in your care" Kian replied not taking his eyes off the bowl.

I need to stop them.

"Can we just stop? And boss what are you doing here?" I cut in as I watch Caleb calmly poured his drink.

"I guess now the mutt is barking at it's owner, it's time to get rid of it" he replied as he gulped down a short.

I bite my fingers, I hate Caleb, how could he? What if this is how he talks to people about me?

He just belittled me to being one of his whores.

Kian chuckled as he used his palm to rub his groom his long hair to the back and then licked his lower lip.

"Even the mutt has a right and you aren't the only master in the world" Kian mutters taking the bottle of whiskey and pouring in his tumbler which he gulp down at once.

I felt my head might explode at this rate because it's pertrifying to see this men roasting themselves with words.

However, I suddenly liked the way Kian was speaking back to Caleb and he sure do have some guts.

Caleb's face grew ashen as he kept gulping down his whiskey. They were actually forgetting I was here, panicking.

"You should watch your speech peasant!" Caleb barked, gnashing his teeth at Kian who still maintained a calm demeanor.

"You should be scared of losing a competent worker like me" Kian retorts and I jerked up from my sitting breathing hard.

"Can we just have a peaceful lunch" I petitioned thudding my hand on the table. I was really pissed off and these two were certainly making my blood pressure rise.

They threw their gaze at me and then faced each other again.

"You're fired Kian..."

"Nah, I've resigned yesterday" Kian cuts in and I widened my eyes unbelievably at him as I felt emotional.

Kian needed that job but then with a boss like Caleb, he can't take any much of his bullying.

"But Kian..."

"Amaris, you should do the same, except if you're happy being his sex slave" he cuts in and for a moment, time stopped and Caleb flickered his eyes.

He stretched his hand at Kian, almost grabbing his collar but I quickly grabbed the pot of chowder and poured on Caleb.

"Fuck!" He screeches startled as I could tell it was hot. Oh no, I never meant it. I just acted out of impulse because I was trying to save Kian.

Kian gasped with a mockery gaze at Caleb who was cussing.

I closed my eyes tensed as I grabbed a napkin on the table to clean him up but he shoved me aside.

"Hey you, where's your bathroom!" He snarl at Kian who ignored him and kept feasting on his bowl of chowder.

"I'd show you, I'm so sorry" I pleaded almost shedding tears. Why do I keep doing thing out of reflex.

"No! Kian is taking me there!" He mused trying to endure the hotness on his skin. I hope he doesn't develop any burnt.

Kian slammed the spoon on the table, rose up and said;

"Follow me"

Now Kian is giving orders. Caleb gawp at him as he clenched his fist and nodded in a dissatisfying gesture.

He'd deal with us both and that is doom. I wish he never woke up or just fell into coma.

"You don't get to talk to me like that!"

"You're no longer my boss"

"Please boss, just go along with him, prevent your body from getting burnt" i cut in panting softly as I raked my hair, worried over him.

Caleb rubbed his neck and heaved a sigh as he stood up to follow Kian.

Perhaps, I shouldn't have left those men alone.

I folded my lips gazing at the time and why they haven't come out yet.

I grit my teeth as I could hear Caleb loud groan and punches. I tried not to imagine anything negative like them throwing punches at each other.

Not wanting to wait without knowing what was going on, I swiftly moved towards the toilet but then I could hear their footsteps adjacent where I stood.

It was Caleb and Kian who had a bruise on his head.

Caleb was wearing one of kian's clothes and kept complaining while Kian was wiping the blood on his head and lips.

"What have you done?" I brawl as I couldn't breath properly.

Caleb glanced at Kian who was glaring back.

"I only thought someone a lesson, not to mess with me" he replied moving ahead of me as I could help both loathe Caleb the more.

It was annoying how he belittles me and the way he behaves to Kian. He was a nightmare and I wish to resign too.

Even when Kian was nice enough to hand him some clothes, he still beat him up.

With a frown, I moved to get a first aid box which I could use to treat Kian.

Caleb tried stopping me, as he always does but I snarled him away. Kian moved to the couch and I followed him to get him treated.

"What happened?" I questioned as he winced and chose to kept mute as always.

"It's time to leave amaris" Caleb suddenly declares as I could see he was coming closer to me.

"I'm not going anywhere with you!" I retort and he glared at me, almost grabbing my hand when Kian stood up and pushed him back.

"I've had enough of your nuisance, don't touch her like you own her!" Kian barked and i quickly hide behind kian.

Caleb punched Kian again and he growls while punching him back with anger welling up in his eyes.

They wouldn't stop as they kept throwing punches and kicks at each other, destroying objects and throwing artifacts at each other.

I was left with no choice than to call the cops, that was my mistake...
###chapter 83: The Talk
Caleb's POV

I stared at her as she seemed tensed and worried. She called over the police but only Kian got arrested.

She must have forgotten I rule the law. The way she stared at me with worried eyes.

Here we were, at my mansion. I had only convinced her into believing I'd free Kian if she spends the night at my place.

I knew she'd be over his house, that's because I went over to her apartment but she wasn't there.

Why is she head over heels for someone who wouldn't give her his attention? It's ridiculous.

She was sitting opposite me at the dinning room, I had ordered for some meals since I noticed she didn't eat at Kian.

That's a relief but I could tell she was thinking of that mother fucker.

"Eat up and stop staring" I muttered as she heaved deeply. I pushed a plate of pasta closer to her while I grabbed a chop knife and an apple to play with.

"I'm not hungry" she brawl fuming and cussing. She'd say that, I anticipated that.

She always refuses my offers and it's best to forcefully make her accept. Amaris always feels comfortable with Kian but not me.

I knew she intends to ask me about Kian. Well I had make sure he gets some tortures while there due to the degrading words he said about me earlier at his place.

We had a fight in his room when I instructed he should get me something to put on.

I had to threaten him to stay away from amaris as he's becoming clingy these days.

That's why I intended to make our relationship official. Perhaps, I should try getting into a relationship, she'd teach me right?

If it were amaris wish, she would have burnt me to ashes with those eyes but I want her close by.

"About Kian..."

"Let's talk about us" I cut in with a narrow brow at her. The shock she wore was quite distressing.

"There's no us Caleb?"

I rolled my eyes with an expression of contempt. She calls me boss whenever she wishes to.

"Let's get married"

She widened her eyes at me, her body unnaturally stiffen and her breath thickens.

"Give me an answer amaris" I further, chopping the apple and she gasped, certainly frightened.

"No"

"I'd take that as a yes, my parent would be coming over to see you tomorrow, the wedding would take place in three days, and then you finally become mine" I read and lifted my eyes to her.

She suddenly went numb and I believe she has no choice yet again to adhere to my decision.

A silent gasp left her again and she suddenly chuckled in a mockery tone that made me curious.

"Wow Caleb, wow" she replied and I must tell she was impressed in a sarcastic way.

I smirked at her, avoiding her blazing gaze and chopping the apple on the ceremic plate in front of me.

She was disturbed by the noise I was making.

"A sales representative would be here soon with the wedding..."

"Why do you always think you own people like some property?"

"Because I own them, I'm the boss here remember" I replied with a cold gaze at her and she scoffed unbelievably at me and took a fork. She suddenly began to

stabbed continuously on the steak in front of her.

"That's why you'll always be hated by people, cause you make rash decisions"Â 

I grit my teeth not really bothered by that.

"The press are coming over for an interview of how we met, so keep the story romantic"Â 

She let out a wry smile and stopped what she was doing.Â 

"If this is how you treat all ladies like your puppets, I'm sorry it's not gonna work on me"

She spat, her voice came in like venom.

I took a slice of the apple and said;Â 

"but I never asked for your opinion besides you're stucked with me"

She threw the fork on the table, glaring into my eyes as her chest rises up and down.

The vein around her neck tightens as she clenches her fist.

Her words wouldn't have any effect on me, I own her, that's how life works.

"You're so heartless, you don't care about people's feelings..."

"It's simple, you fell in love with me and out of pity I decided to marry you" I cut in and crossed my legs.

I enjoyed the devastating expression she placed on her face and how she was speechless.

She nodded and the bite her lower lip, her face speak of the anguish that flushes inside her.

Amaris stood up and said;

"If that's how it's gonna work, then I'm not interested in anything or working with you!" She barked and began to walk away from me.

I let out a sided smile, stood and before she'd reach for the exit door, I grabbed her by the wrist and swirl her around to face me.

Her body yanked on me and her warm breath fanned my face. Her diluted eyes searches mine for an answer.

"Let me go!" She roar writhing and turning her body in my arms but I held her firmly with a stern look at her.

I placed one of my hand on the back of her head, pushing her closer to me and I kissed her.

Her body shivers in my hand as she groan in my mouth. Her elbows arc on my chest as she tried dragging her lips but I was in control.

I twirl her tongue, having a taste of our shared breath, teasing her sullen lips as I napped every breath I could from her.

I refrain from the kiss and she stuttered back a bit, breathing so hard.

There were tears in her eyes and she lost her breath for a moment.

She was scared, her expression shows so.

"Please Caleb, I just want to leave" she broke down and coil her body on me but I want to break that pride of hers.

She'd grow weak and soft whenever I want to fuck her.

Her feet kept moving back and when she got to the door, she tried opening it but I have locked the door automatically.
###chapter 84: Fucking Her
Caleb's POV

I took off my waist belt as she bangs the door.

I took a calculative step closer to her while hanging the belt around my neck. She says I'm heartless, I should treat her that way then.

When I was close to her, I could hear her pray, but her God won't save her from me.

"I'd show you that no one leaves me without my permission" I whispered, inhaling her hair.

I took my free hand and wrapped her waist, her back pinned to my chest as I let out a moan in her ear.

"Stay away from me!" She ordered, her voice almost choking because I could feel she was suppressing a cry.

She kicked me on the stomach as she pants but I wasn't moving away.

"We'd go wild today amaris" I muttered cushioning my dick on her butt and I trail my tongue in her ear loop.

She let out a moan and I believe I got her participating.

"Please stop" she plead as I took my hand away from her waist and tried ripping off her dress, my other hand supported me in doing that.

She was left with only her underwear and bra. Amaris turned to face me, horror flushes her face but her shoved her back to face the door. I'd tease her butthole.

I ripped off her underwear and she shook.

"Stop!" She said, her voice barely recognizes as I scoffed at the goosebumps on her already.

"That's a yes" I teased grinning at her while taking off her bra. She used her hands to cup her breasts still making an attempt to slip off my hold but that was impossible, she can't beat my strength.

I arched her back to better accept me, as my body surge into her.

My hands catalogue every curves and dip of her body and I was charged with excitement.

I used a hand to unzip my pant, my dick erect and eager to fuck her. She makes me harden anytime she's this close.

I placed the other hand on her shoulder and slowly ram my dick inside her.

She grunt, her hands fell as she stride then to the back, to pull my dick which was struggling to fit inside her quivering butthole.

I slapped her hands and said;

"Don't fucking touch me! Remain that way!"

I slammed her closer to the door and I noticed she hit her head hard on the door. I never meant for that and I hope it doesn't get swollen.

"Fuck!" She screeches as I throb my dick inside her, letting out a low gasp as I clench my teeth.

"You're a little tight huh!" I said and kissed her neck. Her butthole suck my dick in and I couldn't help but grin, her hands were plastered on the door as I plunge my dick a little slow, wanting to hear her pant and groan that feels like a moan.

I teased her tiny buds apart, her heart shaped ass begs for a squeeze even though she was quivering, I knew just a turn from me turns her own.

She wanted this.

I stripped away her restrain, thrusting her harder.

I stretched her butthole, as she screamed. My sinewy arms held her captive.

I spat on my left fingers, striding around her clit and she threw her head back and it rested on my neck and we locked eyes.

"Arghh!... please... boss" She wailed and I licked my lower lips, now she calls me boss.

I kept rubbing her clitoris a little more faster while I thrust her harder from behind.

Amaris was standing on her toes as her body glisten with sweat, I absorbed the feel of her body on mind as I was feeling so hot.

She rolled her head on my shoulder and I used I use my hand to raise her head and place back on the door.

Then I stride my two fingers inside her pussy and she moan moving her body.

"Fuck!" She screeches scratching her fingers on the door while I motioned those fingers around, feeling her wetness as she trembles.

"Don't speak, just let me do my thing" I instructed in between my teeth as she got me hooked.

"Yeah, you're fucking wet!" I mocked with delight in my eyes and my tongue dipped and swirl around her neck.

Tremors rise inside me in the wake of her soft moan, as her voice quavers.

I felt an acute surge of pleasure exploding inside me.

I was filing her up with my cum as i pumped in four loads of cum inside her.

It was so satisfying as we both moan, she's fucking loving it and only pretends not to.

She beckons me like a siren song and my brutal strength of my passion took control.

I pulled out fast, breathing hard as I suck my breath. Her body collapsed on the door but I wasn't done with her.

I took her by the wrist and dragged her weak body to the couch close back.

Her body bounced on the couch and before I could reach her, she had crawl down.

However, she wasn't fast or just seem confused staring at me. Her wet hair covered her face, her one hand covering her breast and the other covering her pussy as she sniffed.

She must be sobbing.

"You're an animal"

That's a nice comment for me. I let out a sided smile, stuck my hand in my pant and squeezed my dick.

"Let's get this done with whore!" I stated and she gawp at me. She hated being called sassy names and I drew closer to her.

She attempted to move, but I grabbed her breast pulling her closer and she growl.

"Don't!" She plead, her face closer to me and I kissed her cheeks.

"Hmm, I'd think over it"

Immediately I said that, I carried her in my arms and then began a kiss.

Her hands circled my neck as I twirl and molest her tongue, her body yank on me and i couldn't wait to have her on bed.

Once I got to my master bedroom, I placed her on the bed and kissed my teeth.

She rolled on the bed, her breath slow and deliberate, her cheeks flushes red.

I'd want to use my toys on her to hear her weep the more but certainly not today, she might pass out and there's no fuck in fucking an unconscious woman.
###chapter 85: Making Mincemeat of Her
Caleb's POV

I intended to stroke her with the belt on my neck, to ignite the pleasure in me but then, I tied her hands with it.

Those hands could be taunting.

"Please, just let me go, I beg you!" Her voice whispers but my eyes were focused on her wet pussy which drips out and flow slowly on her legs.

I chuckled at her goosebumps as she swallows hard, my hand pinned her to the bed while I enveloped her.

My hands spread her legs and she could only look at my face with pleading eyes.

I used my palm to rub her spilled juice and then licked it while staring into her eyes with an abiding adoration.

Her body coiled to a corner of the bed as she was breathing fast, her body grew sore and her hair stood at its end.

"Now, let your pussy have a fair share too"

Not minding the terrified face she placed on, I brought my dick again and slide inside her wet pussy.

My dick fuss inside her as I stretched her pussy wall. Her pussy pushed me in and out. It was throbbing as she kicked her legs but I held her legs and placed on my hip.

I pulled out soon, trying to make her lay comfortably on the bed while curving her body slightly and then I slide slowly inside her.

She vibrates rolling her head on the bed, her hands unable to move while I moved fast with her on the bed.

My testosterone was having a work out and she made him harden the more.

"Arghh! Bastard!" She groan but i slapped her cheeks and said;

"Don't talk until I say so bitch!" I reminded devouring her pussy.

I used one hand to clear off her long hair from her face just so I could look into her eyes.

Sweat beads on her, her face was a mixture of sweat and the saliva she had poured out.

Her tender body squirm in my hand as she picked up the rhythm of my movement on her.

I was buried in her sweat heat as she grabbed a fistful of my shirt while we moved on the bed, moaning.

My body molded intimately on her

I grabbed her breast, kneading them to my taste that she was forced to abandon her attempt of fighting against me.

I haul in my breath as my agile fingers fondles her skin.

My hard thighs crowned her hips as I deliberately stretched her pussy wall, dazed by her.

I draped her arms, engulfed in my emotions.

I was focused totally on her, our flesh fused as she rolled her head on the couch.

Her legs almost falling from my waist but I glared at her to keep them in place.

I kissed the slender column of her throat, the lean muscle of my belly slammed against hers.

Her low sultry incident mews invited me for more. I could perceive her every desire.

She radiates in her heat, as I rained kissed on her silk shoulder. I was reeled in a wicked delight, her rapid and shallow breath fanned me.

I grew hungrier and faster, her boneless thighs spread the more.

"Please Caleb...argh! I can't" she growl crying which made me nearly madden.

I let out a naughty smile and nibbles her ears, her eyes were pleading as she purr beneath my touch.

This bitch don't fucking listen! I pulled out my dick as the tip had gone red. Time to shut her up.

I pulled her from the bed she fell on the ground.

"Kneel!" I ordered but she refuses and all she did was sob.

I grabbed her neck, pressing it hard, almost choking her. Her eyes shoot out as she was shaking, her eyes lids sag as she poured out spit struggling to breath.

"Kneel whore!" I barked again and she went on her knees.

I heaved a sigh still holding her neck.

"Now open that mouth" I added as my gaze on her darkens.

She slightly open her and I slide two of my fingers to spread them open for me.

Taking them out, I forced my dick inside her mouth.

"Now do the needful bitch!" I roared and she beg to suck my dick, lubricating it with her tongue and cleaning me dry.

My lips kicked my dick and her tied hands did their best to knead my scrotum bag.

I took my hand off her neck, groaning and going wild while placing them on her head.

My waist sways as I grabbed her hair.

She was fucking good. After 3 minutes of agonizing cry, I pumped inside her mouth and she swallowed my dick.

Even when I pulled out my dick, her tongue was still licking the tip, like she was hypnotized and I was amazed by that.

My dick was still erect but she looked sick and her eyes consumed by lust. With a wicked grin, I spread my cum all over her face and she opened her mouth to have them in.

I squat low to her position and rubbed the cum over her face, her breast jiggles and I let out my tongue to lick her face.

My fingers pinched her nipples as I trail my tongue from my cheek to her mouth, kissing her intensively.

I dragged my mouth from her and said;

"It's time for another session"

Amaris POV

The blaring sound of the alarm close by jerk me up. I could feel my body throbbing, my heart flips and my thoughts blurry of thoughts.

My pussy throbs and faint visions filled my head, one that made me freeze where I sat.

Something light and fluffy was on me and from the texture, it was more like a blanket which I flung away.

I touched my body and realized I was wearing an outfit.

When I spur my eyes open, it took a while for me to catch a glimpse of an off white wall.

I got to discover I was in a room that spoke of wealth, not until I saw his portrait that I knew he was the one.

I bite my lips and rake my hair. I was a mess. Last night was a night I couldn't tell I regret of not because Caleb made mincemeat of me.

He breached my every defense, fucking me everywhere like a whore that it left me wondering what he'd do to me if we get married.

He said his parents were coming over but that must be a lie. I would never get married to a man i'd call a gigolo.

A flash of last night flooded my head when he pulled out his nice meaty cock and he took my hand and told me to feel it, his beautiful cock and it felt good.

I blamed myself as he had consumed me with his passion.

I started to slowly jack him off , I was getting excited, when he had forcely made me sick his dick, and pump it dip in my mouth, I was kind of loving his cock.

I kicked him and wanted to fill his cum filling my mouth and suddenly he groned and led out a big load like 4 times and I swallowed and licked him clean.

His cum tasted good, a little salty and creamy.

Then I could see him sucking my breasts with his hot tongue, my fingers digging into his skin as we stride on the ground.

It was a sexually violent rotation with my breasts barrel-rolled across Caleb's howling mouth and the pained frenzy of his bulbous salutation extenuating his excitement as it whacked and smacked its way into every muscle.

After a minutes, me make a grab of my hair, and glide inside my pussy, now angrily slapping against both our bellies, inside.

He then pulled his dick and pushed himself down, his face staring at my pussy as I wriggled.

He held both my arms down, and puts his tongue to my core, like a cat lapping up a dish of cream so as not to miss a single drop.

I find myself gripping his ears and tugging at the locks curling over them, begging him not to stop.

Shut! I just screwed up. The aftermath made me regret my actions and I cover my mouth with my palm to suppress the silent scream.

My eyes scrolled around if I'd find him and fortunately, he wasn't and I jumped out of the bed, almost taking a step away when I heard;

"Seems someone is thoughtful"
###chapter 86: His Order
Amaris POV

My heart pounds as I widened my eyes only to find him sitting with a mug of coffee, his eyes settled on me.

I went breathless having no idea what to think or do. It seems no words could penetrate him which makes me stuck with him.

Rather than get off from the bed, I fell limply on it, sobbing in my heart.

He is a monster and always will be. I could just hope for that what he said about a wedding isn't true.

"Your in-laws are here to see you"

"There's nothing between us and I'm meeting no one!" I protested worked up. Why did I ever cross path with him.

I don't want this job anymore, if he'd controle in this way like I was his whore.

He sip the coffee from his mug, his legs crossed as always and a smirk escaped his lips.

"Acting rude makes me want to fuck you the more" he spat and i dried up where i sat. It's obvious he wants to break my pride but that won't make me silence.

"You can't break me Caleb" I responded with a glare at him and he scoffed unbelievably while dumping the mug on the stool beside him.

He gave me no response and only snapped his fingers. Almost immediately, three maids walk in with clothes in their hands.

They greeted Caleb and then did the same to me.

"Do the needful, while I wait" he ordered in a cold tone that sent chills running down my spine.

One of the maids kindly gestured to me that it was time to take my bath. However, i wouldn't stand up.

"Oh, you want me to do that for you" Caleb muttered and rose up. No! I don't want him to bath me. He'd just fuck over and over again.

Hastily, before he could take a step closer, I jerked up and paced to the bathroom myself.

I'd bathe myself and I don't need help doing that. I locked the door and rested my back on it, feeling sad, weak and devastated.

Why can't I just protest against him? He was making me want him. I certainly know if I was replaced by someone else, she might go through this too.

I sniffed and sat in a limp position while sobbing. I always wanted my body to be treated special, to marry a man who would love me for who I am and not use me as a tool.

I'd kill myself if we get married, not Caleb! Or perhaps I should just run away now...

I shuddered when I heard a knock on the door. Possibly, I had stayed for a while weeping and didn't realize time was gone.

I bite my lower lips, giving no response but I know that knock is coming back and I couldn't do anything but grunt.

Slowly, I rose up and pulled my clothes in front of the big mirror. I could see his hickies on me.

My body was still sore and I couldn't control the tears that stream down. I hate myself as he disregards me.

My pussy still throbs from the aftermath, my voice quivers and I closed my eyes for a moment.

When did it all begin?

I wiped my tears packing it into a bundle while glancing at my image. What if I could actually change him?

But that wouldn't work, he had so many girls before me.

I moved towards the tub which had been filled to the brim with water covered in foams.

Hastily, I got inside and submerged myself in the water, just wanting to relax in the water.

I buried my body in the water, holding my breath and thinking about my past life. I wish to just drown.

However, the knock keeps repeating itself until I heard the crackling sound of the door.

It felt as though it got broken or something.

"Amaris!" His voice came in, it was frantic and quivering. I didn't want to leave that position just so he wouldn't see me naked.

However, I felt his strong arms around my waist pulling me out from the water.

My wet hair covered my face and my hands covered my breast, I couldn't see him clearly because my vision was blurry for a moment.

His gasp was loud and his grip on me soften. He used his one hand to brush my hair aside just to look into my eyes.

"What do you think you're doing!" He panics breathing so hard. His eyes had fear written in them.

One of the maids quickly rushes with a large towel to cover me. I felt relieved having to notice I was covered.

I didn't give him a response and just pushed him away because his presence was disgusting.

I rose up from the tub and he did too, placing his hands on my shoulders even though I tried shoving his hands away.

However, I always forget there's no need trying to do so. His eyes soften at me and I almost melted where I stood.

"How dare you try to kill yourself!" He raged, his eyes scanning my body as my breath became deliberate.

My body grew still as I was puzzled at how tensed her looked, his hands on my shoulders were shaking.

I was quiet, lost in his intense gaze.

He carried me in his arms and took me to the bedroom while dismissing the maids.

He placed on the bed while attempting to take the towel off me but I wouldn't let him do that and so he resigned.

My eyes were just fixed on him like he had hypnotized me, his scolding only made me break down in tears as I sniffed, ran my fingers in my hair.

My body shivers as my wet body soaked the bed.

He sat besideÂ  and placed his palms on my cheeks. For a moment, I had thought he was caring or just bothered not until he let out a sided smile and said;

"You can cry all you want, but you're stuck with me"

My tears dried up almost immediately, I was wrong, he doesn't care because he doesn't even understand emotions.

That's it, the only way out is to run...so I thought.