
###chapter 1: A Goddess of the Night...
********
A crippled ballerina catches the eye of a dangerous senatorial candidate. When violence shatters her world, he offers protection at a brutal price: marriage. Now, she must navigate his lethal obsession and unearth his darkest secrets—before she loses herself to his emerald gaze forever.
********
*Levi*.

*Manhattan, New York City.*
*Present day...*

I sat spellbound in the Ruthford family box, watching the show as the graceful dancers, leapt in the air, in synchrony to the music that filled the entire theater. I couldn't remember the last time I sat enraptured by a show. The entire theater, filled with golden lights was quiet, except for the music played by the orchestra on the stage. Everyone, it seemed was as entranced as I was, watching the dancers. But while they were all mesmerized by the lead dancer, I was captivated by the gracefulness and beauty of the ballerina, dancing at the rear end of the performers. Sure the lead dancer was extremely beautiful. Her skin flawless and her steps like a beautiful swan. But the dancer at the rear, she was a goddess.

The young beauty was an earth nymph. Her satin, sable skin, shiny, like the earth. Her limbs moved lightly, like a goddess of the night, pouring her dark hues on the earth. My gaze was fixed on her face, which radiated such beauty. Her lush lips, ripe and whispering to me to place soft, scintillating kisses on them. My eyes travelled down her long, graceful neck, all the way to her cut-low neck line and I imagined myself drinking from the nectar of her neck. I imagined licking down her throat to the bare top of her breasts. As my eyes lingered on her, I wished to peel off the white, little dress, which she had on. My groin tightened pleasurably in the pants of my black tux, a feeling I had not excitedly entertained for a long time. *A feeling that I had not felt, since Belle*. A great distaste threatened to climb up my throat, due to the unpleasantness attached to that name and I forcefully shoved the feeling aside.

The thunderous claps that erupted from below, forced my thoughts back to the dancers, who were taking their bows in readiness to exit the stage. My eyes fixed on the same ballerina that had caught my attention. And I decided to send her a little gift. An appreciation for her exceeding performance.
"Blake." I called to my manager from beside me, "I want you to do something for me." I turned my gaze back to the ballerina, who was still waving to the audience, along with the other dancers. "Find out about that ballerina at the rear." I made certain that Blake followed my eyes. "The one at the rear to the right."
"Yes, Sir." Blake nodded, preparing to exit the box.
"Send her a bouquet of red roses from me, while you are at it..."
"Yes, Sir..."
"As a matter of fact, once you are before her, call my number, so that I can speak with her." I added. Blake nodded his head and exited the box, while I sat back, to watch the dancers exit the stage.

***
*Kenya*.

I sat before the mirror of my cubicle, in the backstage rooms and cleaned off my makeup. While I sat quietly, I listened to the talks of my colleagues. Everyone was in high spirits tonight, because the performance had turned out to be highly applauded by the anticipating audience. An audience, which had voted for this show on the online polls, when it was thrown out to them to choose, months ago.

I couldn't help but smile at my friend and colleague, Andrea, who was animatedly talking, some distance, to a couple of the male ballet dancers; Mike and Rory. I caught the look of affection in Mike's eyes as he watched Andrea. Both Mike and Andrea were in this enviable relationship, since three years, which to everyone's surprise was still waxing strong. I wished my relationship with Hank had even managed to span longer than 3 months before it ended, awfully. Sighing heavily, I put away m make up items and prepared to go change out of my costume. I was happy that the tickets for this act had sold out well, at least it was going to please the producers and everyone involved.
As I walked towards the clothes hanger to change out of my costume, someone called my name. I turned and responded loudly, only for me to be approached by the show's director, Billy and an unfamiliar man.
"Hey Kenya, this here is Mr Blake Dickson. He is the manager to Senatorial aspirant, Levi Ruthford. A top patron of the theater." I turned a befuddled gaze to the man, who was holding a large bouquet of red roses.
"Nice to meet you, Miss Anderson." Blake greeted, extending a palm to me, which I calmly took. Billy soon left us to go and attend to other matters, while I waited for the man before me to speak.
"These here are for you. I have been asked by Mr Levi Ruthford to give these to you." He handed me the roses, which I looked at with amazement.
"But...You must be mistaken. I was not the lead ballerina in the show?" I helplessly asked, as I accepted the flowers. I was confused. My mind mentally recalled the face of Levi Ruthford. Yep, I remembered him. The extremely sexy, handsome 35 year old owner of STA Constructions; running for New York Senatorial seat. But what was he doing sending me roses?
The man let out a little smile as he brought out his phone and made a call. Then he handed the phone to me, as the phone was answered on the other end. I looked at him, perplexed, but accepted the phone at the nod of his head.
"H...Hello?" I said, nervously.
"Hello, Kenya." I heard, quietly. A warm, rich voice, so raw and velvety that I felt a whoosh of air leave my lungs. I wondered at it, but controlled myself. A heady feeling, overwhelming me. There was a sudden excitement in me. Alien, but delightful.
"I am Levi Ruthford. I wanted to congratulate you, on a splendid performance."
###chapter 2: Have dinner with me...
***Kenya***.

"Thank you, Sir. But I wasn't the lead ballerina. I was just a backup dancer." I confessed, nervously. His laugh, soft, reached my ears and I found myself settling into the warmth.
"I know that you weren't the lead ballerina. But in a building, the hidden pillars give the strength." I heard again. The allusion and calm voice, inducing a gasp from me. Those words reached somewhere deep in my center, filling me with a sense of welcome. A sense of belonging. All these years since I begun performing for my dance company, I had never been seen as anything but the side ballerina. The backup. Many times, I had wanted to quit dancing for the company. To focus on my job as a ballet teacher for 'J'aime,' ; a small dance school, where I taught young girls. But each time, I found myself staying back, because dancing was my identity. It was who I was. It was who I had become. Because in spite of the slight limp in my right leg, which was caused by a birth defect, I still loved to dance.
"Are you still there?" I heard Mr Ruthford's voice break into my thoughts.
"Yes, Sir. I am. Sorry. I was deep in thought," I said, quietly.
"It's no worries. Do you like the roses?" I heard him say. It seemed his breath hitched, as he waited for me.
"Yea...Yeah...Sure. Who wouldn't?" I chuckled. I was nervous. I was not used to speaking to important dignitaries like this. Levi Ruthford wasn't supposed to talk to me. He was supposed to talk to sweet, beautiful likes of Odette Withers, the lead ballerina. I on the other hand was to be in the dim light. The background, where I belonged. Mr Ruthford, was making me very uncomfortable. I hoped this conversation ended soon, because it seemed I wanted to haul out all I had eaten earlier today. I felt sick to my stomach.
"Alright. And this brings me to my second reason for calling you." I heard him pause. I hoped this Mr Blake's suit didn't cost a fortune, because it seemed I was about to cast out all my insides on him. I nervously poured out a glass of water from a glass jug that was seated with some refreshments. Taking a sip, I quietly listened to the next words Mr Ruthford had to say.
***
***Levi***

"I want you to have dinner with me, one of these nights."
Kenya choked as she swallowed the water. I stilled, alarm creeping over me, as I heard her coughing. There seemed to be a commotion on the other end. I couldn't tell. I was helpless and worried, as I heard Blake's voice, asking her to take some water.
"Are you alright? Kenya? Blake?" I asked, worriedly.
"Am fine, Sir. I was just...caught off guard." I heard her confession. I heard her cough again,.
"Am sorry about that. I couldn't help it...You are extremely beautiful, Kenya." My words seemed to make her quiet, because I heard no sound, except her breathing for moments. I wondered at her silence. She was a beautiful woman. A great dancer. I frowned, wondering if I had said something wrong. I was a persistent man. Something I had perfected in all my years as a business man. And I never relented. It was something ladies swooned over, when they saw me. And men cowered at, like wet roosters. Pressing on, I said.
"And I wanted to just sit down with you. Talk and eat. Most times am busy in the day, so I couldn't suggest lunch. Dinner was the best that I had." She still said nothing for another second. I could hear her breathing . She hadn't hung up. Christ! Her silence was unnerving me. I had never seen a woman waste a second in accepting dinner with me. Forgive me if I was suddenly anxious. Even though I was trying to put on a cool facade.
"Sir, I have a slight limp in my right leg." I suddenly heard her blurt out without restraint. I was taken aback by the earnest admission. My mind, mentally assessing the words. The reason behind them. *Was this her plot to throw me off her scent?* I wondered.
"I suspect you have only reminded me of that to throw me off." I remarked, amusement hinted beneath my voice, as I found her attempt futile. She trying to dissuade me from finding her as desirable as I already did was cute.
"I..." She hesitated.
"I noticed your limp, while you danced. But it didn't stop you from interpreting the art so, talentedly and gracefully." I confessed. Indeed I had noticed the limp in her leg. It wasn't obvious. One only needed to have a keen eye to notice it. Yet I wondered why she assumed I would be thrown off by her limp.
"Can I ask you a question?" I pressed.
"Yes, Sir." Kenya's sweet voice came. I loved her voice. It was quiet, had this song song tone.
"Am I to assume that men don't ask you to dinner because of that limp?" I bluntly asked. I heard Kenya's breath hitch. My thoughts randomly guessing hers. Perhaps my question had hit a mark. I couldn't be certain. I suddenly felt upset. My thoughts going to her. Had she been bullied because of the limp. Belittled, just because of that insignificant flaw. Something that didn't even matter. I wanted to reach her. To comfort her. My heart suddenly twisted, as I wished to equally hurt those that had ever disparaged her. Then her voice broke into my thoughts. The crack and thickness beneath, confirming my earlier suspicions. I heard pain as she spoke.
"Sir. I am grateful for the roses. But I am afraid that I have to go. I have some errands to run on my way home." Her voice was crisp.
"Perfect. Let me drop you off." I hastily suggested.
"No, Sir. Good night Sir."
###chapter 3: Unpatriotic Senator...
***Kenya.***

***Two Weeks Later...***

"Girls, girls, girls. Again from the top. First position. Second Position. Third. Fourth. And finally, fifth." I called audibly to my girls in class. Smiling in return to the girls' whose smiles lifted my heart. I loved my students so much. They were one of my most treasured darlings in my life, next to my mother and my sister, because they didn't judge my imperfections. Rather, these young girls, saw as a leading light. I stretched myself fluidly, to release all the knots in my limbs, after all the practice that had just transpired. It was 6 pm, and the girls' parents were already awaiting them, to take them back home.

"Alright girls, your families are already waiting to take you home. You must remember to always practice at every chance you've got. Practice makes perfect." I reminded the girls, who were gathering their personal belongings to leave. A few of the girls came over to give me a hug on their way out. Gladly, I shared the affection with the girls and watched them all file out of the room to meet their families. A few of the parents were talking with the owner of the establishment, Claudine, who stood there, talking excitedly with them. Claudine was a beautiful and graceful woman, who had once been a top ballerina, back in her days. Her love for the arts, as well as her drive to teach other young women, had motivated her to establish the dance school, years ago.

Turning away, I began to clear up the practice arena, so that I could get on my way home. I loved my job as a teacher very much, but sometimes I grew emotionally exhausted, watching the young girls trying to create a perfection out of themselves. No matter how I reminded them that they couldn't be perfect and should appreciate themselves, wholeheartedly, I always had a few girls crying in the corner, feeling inadequate. Their struggle usually reminded me of how much I had put into being perfect, during the early years of my life. Now, as a 23-year-old, I no longer put in that much effort to be appreciated. I only carried myself to wherever the wind led me.

I heard the familiar foot falls of Claudine as I put the last of my stuff away, ready to leave.
"Sweet heart, the parents are so happy with all your hard work with the girls. They say you have built a certain confidence in their girls that is highly commendable." Claudine chimed.
Smiling back, I replied, "Claudine, we all have you to thank for setting *J'aime* up, in the first place."
Claudine laughed, pleasantly and gave a look around the quaint, practice room. "I have Jimmy to thank, for his generosity after our divorce," Claudine said sarcastically. I chuckled at the woman's words. Smiling at how Claudine never failed to let everyone know about her generous divorce settlement from her ex-husband from 10 years ago.
Grabbing my hand bag, I accompanied Claudine to the reception, chatting about a new dance routine that Claudine wanted the girls to learn. A dance routine, which I doubted the girls had the heart to execute. But Claudine was a woman with a hard drive and she expected such from both her employed teachers and the students.
"Oh look," Claudine said, her focus on the TV screen, where the weather woman was rattling on, "The weather woman says it's expected to have hailstorms in Colorado, tonight. I wish it would rain tonight in NYC."
"Claudine, please, don't summon the rains with your mouth." I teased, smiling as I picked up my mail from Katie, the receptionist.
"Kenya darling, I don't need to summon the rains. The weather woman already declared hail in Colorado. I only wish it could rain in NYC tonight, that's all. At least with that, one can have a weather for two. Just like Katie hopes for a weather for two. That is why she has Gerald out there in the car, waiting for her. Isn't that so, Katie?" She flashed Katie a teasing smile, which made the young woman, uncomfortably shy. I laughed at the scene. It was an attribute of Claudine to tease her staff at every given chance she got. A funny woman she was.
"Quit making her uncomfortable, Claudine. I am sure that Gerald is only here, because he doesn't want any other man to gaze at his Katie." I equally teased. Katie smiled, shyly and tried to avoid eye contact.

Finding the entire scene hilarious, I made ready to exit the building, after grabbing my mail. Then the face of Levi Ruthford, suddenly filled the TV screen, halting me in my steps. He was talking to the press and there was a news item on the bar that stated some of the women of NYC weren't comfortable having an unpatriotic senator, who wasn't family oriented.

"What do they mean, 'unpatriotic senator'?" I asked Claudine.

"Oh, nothing. Just that the man isn't married, since he got widowed, years back. It's odd isn't it? He has remained unmarried, has no tangible ties to any woman, that we can say would lead to a potential suit. To give him a family. Yet, he wishes to be a New York Senator? He expects votes from the family oriented New Yorkers." Claudine explained, ruefully. I looked at the man- *that is really looked at him*\- as a man and not a politician on the TV. And I decided he was handsome.

Extremely hot at 6 ft 2, as I had read. His shining jet black hair, cropped in a stylish cut, with the top slightly tussled and his perfectly trimmed facial hairs; he looked roguish. Had such a man spoken to me? Sent me red roses, two weeks ago?

I wondered if I had done the right thing, not accepting his dinner invite two weeks back.

"I for one have nothing against the man." I heard Claudine declare, quietly.
###chapter 4: No, Hank...
***Kenya*** .
*Later that night...*

I walked into my living room in Greenwich Village and flicked on the lights. I dropped my house keys on the sideboard and walked to seat on the only grey sofa. Tired and hungry, I willed my limbs to go bring out some dinner from the fridge, to warm in the microwave. There after I proceeded to go take a shower.
As I showered, my thoughts went to Mr Ruthford and I wondered why people always needed perfection in life. This was a man, I heard was kind, hardworking and successful. He owned one of the most successful construction companies in the States. A man who I heard had restored the Ruthford name from the impoverished state, which his late father's lifestyle had left them in. Yet, he was been criticized for not having a functional family. It was like people could never be satisfied. I related this to my own life and how I had allowed the opinions of others to affect my life. But politics was different. In politics, the validation of the people was what made one to lead. And right now, I wondered if Levi Ruthford had that much validation from the people. I had never put much faith in the politicians, because many of them engulfed the people's hearts with half truths. And I suddenly found myself wondering, as I stepped out of the shower, if Mr Levi Ruthford was such a politician that filled the people's heads with lies. Could he have been filling my head with lies that night he spoke to me on the phone? I wondered.

I let my white towel slip down my body, forming a pool around my feet, while I slowly rubbed some lotion unto my body. As I did, I let my body sink into the sensations that my palms caused on my dark, satin skin. When my fingers trailed over my skin, tiny sparks tingled me, pleasantly and I imagined the hands of a true lover touching me. Pleasuring me. A desirable lover. One that didn't see past his desire for me. One who would worship my body, slowly, causing tingles up my spine. One who wouldn't treat me like Hank did. Hank who had seen only my imperfections and had refused to claim me as his, with love. Rather he had wished to treat me as an animal.

Tears slipped down my eyes, sending some melancholy into me. I wiped them off and put on my black, silk night shift.
I plated some of the food from the microwave and went over to the sofa to eat. The meal smelled good. Chicken and some quinoa, with some salad. My favorite soap was on and I watched it as I took some food into my mouth. Just as I was about to take in the third spoon, my cell phone rang and I reached for it, only to find Hank as the caller. My heart beat increased, as I stared at the flashing screen before my eyes, fear gripping me as I reluctantly answered the call.
"Hi Kenya." I heard Hank say over the phone.
"Hank. Why are you calling? I thought you were asked not to call after that night that you hit me?" I said, shakily. Fear was rising in me again, as I recalled the meanness I had seen in his eyes, that night that he hit me across the face. He had come to meet me at the theater, where we had been practicing for our show. Hank had taken me backstage and had spoken crossly with me, angry that I hadn't still allowed him to claim me, as he deemed fit. In a fit of rage, he had thrown a hand at me and I had screamed in pain. Somehow my cry had alerted a few of my colleagues and they had immediately come to my rescue, calling the cops on Hank. I had refused to press charges against him that night, however he had been warned to stay away from me. And ever since, he hadn't relented in calling me. At least a few times since that night.
"I told you Kenya, I need us to talk─"
"There is nothing to say Hank. We said all that we needed to that night," I said, hot tears streaming down my eyes. I was tired of having this conversation with Hank. I knew he didn't love me, from his words that fateful night. A knock sounded on my door and I lifted my eyes to the door, wondering which of my neighbors could be knocking at this hour.
"Kenya you have to listen to me. We have to see─"
"No, Hank. You hurt me...You said such awful things about me that night. Your words stung like a knife...Look, I have to go, and someone is on the door." I said and hung up the phone. I crossed to the door, wiping my eyes dry from the tears. My phone continued to glare on the couch, where I had left it, but I ignored it. Managing a false smile on my face to hide my inner sadness, I opened the door. Awestruck, I stared at the face of the person at the door, my eyes open wide.

"Hello Kenya." Levi Ruthford greeted as he stood before me, very tall. Very handsome in a pale green shirt and black suit pants, his shirt's sleeves rolled up. He was missing his tie and his hair was tussled. That appeal that I admired. His roguishness. Yet, he looked decent. I swallowed.
"*Mr Ruthford*? Wha...What a surprise?" I stuttered. My mouth suddenly went dry. And I think my tongue grew thick.
"A good surprise, I hope?" Levi said, a smile tugging his lips. "Did I come at a bad time?" Levi asked, his eyes flicking to my eyes. Holding there. Concern etched on his face, as his eyes searched into mine. Nervously, I looked away, wiping the stinging tears. Pain wrenching me.
###chapter 5: Your Eyes...
***Levi.***

"Nothing...I was just talking to...I got dust in my eyes." Kenya hastily lied. My gaze remained on her face, my eyes searching. Looking for the truth, which I knew lurked beneath that excuse. Because it was obvious that she had been crying.
"May I come in?" I asked quietly, my gaze holding hers as the silence stretched longer.
Nodding her head, Kenya shifted out of the way and let me into her apartment.

Walking in, I feasted my eyes on an interior of cool pastel colors that surrounded me. Home decorations in blue, gray and pale yellow, graced my eyes. Beautiful home.
Closing the door, Kenya followed in after me, still amazed, I guess, at my unexpected presence. I walked and trailed my fingers lazily over her sofa and the royal blue blanket that hung over it. Kenya turned her eyes and I followed her gaze. Her half-eaten food was on the table.
"Err...Sorry my place is a bit untidy... I was having dinner..."
"It's no worries." I nodded. I spared her another glance, before I continued to take my leisurely stroll around the room. "Your house is very beautiful," I commented. Kenya was a bit taken aback by the praise. I saw it in her expression. I smiled inwardly. Amused.
"Thank you," she replied and fidgeted with her fingers. She was nervous. Then, to break the moment, she asked,
"Would you like a drink Sir?" She opened the fridge and grabbed a bottle of unopened wine from it.
"Am driving... Perhaps a glass of water," I replied, my gaze on her, steady. A smile on my lips. It was then my gaze fell on her form and noticed her state of undress, since she opened the door.

Tall, slender. All her curves in the right places. Her skin glowing in the pale, orange light that filled the room. She looked beautiful. Desirable. I wanted her. And I couldn't deny it. The black silk shift, snuggling her curves in the right proportions. My eyes perused her very slowly, and I swear Kenya could feel the heat of my gaze on her entire body. She looked at herself and I noticed her discomfort, as she lifted her gaze back to mine. Realization hit her as she seemed to have recognized my gaze.

My skin heated with something primal that reached my core. Kenya immediately reached for the blue blanket on her sofa and wrapped herself. I stared at her, expressionless, as she tried to make herself decent.
"I would get you that water..." Kenya stuttered, trying to distract both of us from the obvious that crackled between us. *Desire*? How was it possible? It was best not to think about this.
Shakily, Kenya arrived with a glass of water. Her hands trembled as I received the cool glass. I couldn't help but smile, as I noticed she had taken care to avoid my gaze. The earlier thoughts in my head, dispelled.

"How did you find me, Sir?" Kenya asked, after a brief silence. Her question broke into my haze. I dropped the glass of water after sipping it.
Clearing my throat, I gauged her expression before.
"I asked about you from the theater and I was told your house address. I was also informed that you worked at a dance school not too far from here." I confessed, sincerely.
Kenya stared at me, speechless. She opened her mouth to speak, but closed it again.
"You went through all that trouble to ask about me. Yourself?" Kenya managed to mutter. I watched her silently for a second.
"Why do you find that unbelievable?" I managed to ask. Keeping my thoughts away for a moment.
"I...don't know. Because I wonder with your position..." Kenya blabbered. I chuckled lightly. Straightening to my full height, I closed the space between us. Our gazes locked as I reached her. Kenya was staring up into my eyes, which I am certain she discovered were of the deepest green at that moment. Eyes that always reminded me of one very important person. I had been told by ladies that my eyes were like the deep rainforests of Brazil. Inwardly, I smiled as her fascination grew.
"Your eyes..." Kenya muttered. It seemed she was being pulled into my gaze. I suspected she wanted to trace fingers along the corners of my eyes, with the way she watched me. Perhaps, trail my skin and watch the effects of her fingers on me. Through my eyes. Eyes that looked like a pair of deep emerald gems. I had seen them in the mirror countless times.

I allowed her fascination, her gaze, to caress me. Flood me. At the same time, I watched her fight her restraint. There was this sudden tension, and she looked at me and perhaps saw that I felt the same way she did. My jaw tightened, as I leaned into her slowly, very slowly. She could feel it. From the nearness of my minty breath. I watched her grow hazy with desire.
It seemed she forced herself to pull through the haze, as she inhaled a sharp breath. Shifting away from me, instantly. I frowned, highly displeased. She went round her sofa, a safe distance from me. Maybe it was better that way, because I couldn't even determine my own actions at the time.
"Why did you come here, Sir?" Kenya asked. "You shouldn't be here." She added. I let my eyes linger on her longer. My blood cooling from the sensation I felt, so close to her. Her beautiful, hazel gaze, innocuous, seductive. I had almost brought my thirsty lips to kiss her own lips. But I had fought myself. I didn't want to scare her off.
"I had just finished from an excruciating campaign meeting and...I...I needed a distraction...And I thought about you." I was sincere. She shook her head, perhaps to distract herself. I hated that I couldn't tell her thoughts.
Shaking her head, Kenya asked. "How long have you had my address?"
###chapter 6: A Web Of Lies...
***Levi***.

I watched her coolly, before I replied, "Since a day after that night I spoke to you." Kenya stared at me, stunned.
"You had my address since then and you never pressed after I refused dinner?"
"I even had your phone number. Both your cell and home number." I nodded. She seemed to wonder at my words, from her expression.
"Why hadn't you...?" She paused. I studied her. My gaze lazy.
"Pursued you further?" I finished for her, my brow raised in amusement. Kenya nodded.
"Honestly, I don't know..." I trailed off, shaking my head. Lost in my thoughts.

A comfortable silence, ensued between us, as our gazes remained on each other. I found this weird- the stream of unidentifiable feelings flowing through me. I couldn't help it.
Taking a cue from her, I cleared my throat to speak. "I should let you finish your dinner." I flicked a gaze to her unfinished dinner.
Shifting, I made way to the door, when Kenya's voice stalled me.
"I am sorry that I refused that dinner in May."

I turned slowly to face her, in that instant, as she continued. Closing the distance between us. "I was healing from a horrible breakup with my ex-boyfriend at the time."
"Was that the reason you had tears in your eyes when you opened the door, earlier?" I asked, bluntly. A frown climbing my face.
We were a step away from each other. Kenya held her breath, perhaps surprised I guessed her situation and had been silent.
"You can trust me, Kenya. Is he troubling you?" I asked, suddenly growing concerned.
"I hope I was much of a distraction to you, Mr Ruthford, especially considering how tumultuous things currently are with your electoral campaign." She diverted the conversation.
I smiled at her subject change and decided she wasn't ready to talk yet. I would know eventually.
"You have been a great distraction, Miss Anderson." I smiled. "Considering all that has happened."
"You are a true politician, Mr Ruthford." She smiled wryly, shaking her head.
"How so?" I asked, puzzled, a smile tugging my lips.
"First you said I was beautiful, the other night. Now you claim I have been a great distraction. No wonder the entire City...the women. Everyone is abuzz with news of you. You wield your words perfectly, like a knife. Spinning a web of lies around your prey." She smiled genuinely. I was astonished at her words and broke into a chuckle.

Finally catching my breath, I responded, "I wish that were the case, Kenya. But sadly, it isn't. If it were to be, the women of New York wouldn't have raised those concerns about me tonight, during the exclusive." A chuckle escaped me. One which tethered more on amusement than bitterness at my situation.

A few hours ago, when I had heard the statement on the Television, I had been furious. Wondering when the criteria for being a senator had included having 'a functioning family,' as the women's representatives had declared during the exclusive. But now, discussing with this woman, I didn't feel as embittered as I had before. My heart felt, relieved.

"You do not need to fill the people's heads with a web of lies, Mr Ruthford. All they need from you is your truth. Just be you with them," she said, quietly, her eyes watching me, intensely. I stared at her keenly. "Let them know the real Levi Ruthford and not the one that is presented on the media." She added.

"Transparency," I echoed.

"Yes. Transparency." She nodded her head. I smiled at her, thoughtfully. She wasn't just a beauty. She was intelligent. A strategist. She was right. I needed to be transparent with the people. I needed them to know the real Levi Ruthford.

Shaking myself, I nodded in acquiescence. "Alright. I'd consider your words."
Then regretfully, I added. "I'd take my leave now." I smiled and inclined my head as I turned to leave.
She edged towards the door, as I opened it. Didn't she want this moment to end, like I didn't want it to? Clutching tightly to the door, she watched me. I turned around to face her again.

"You alluded to me spinning a web of lies around my prey. Pray tell, Kenya, have you become a prey that has fallen into my web?" I asked, curious. Drawing closer to her, so close that I could feel her heart. So much so that her breath fanned me. She was inches shorter than I was. Petit and delectable.
Kenya gazed up at me and I saw something inside her eyes, which both frightened and intrigued me, all at once.

"Good night, Miss Anderson." I managed to whisper. Then in a flash, I was out of her sight, walking down the corridor of her apartment building.
Not wanting to look back, because I was afraid of the raw need I felt, being in her presence. I hadn't felt like this in a long time. I don't think I had ever felt this way. Even with Belle. This was raw. Primal. A need that bordered within deep walls. And I was terrified of exploring it.

***
***A Week Later.***

I gazed at the stack of different designs of campaign posters on my office desk, awaiting my approval. I felt completely overwhelmed. This entire campaign was eating into me and my business. And I never toyed with my business.
For almost three years, since I showed interest in running for New York Senatorial elections, my life had become less private. The outfits I put on, foods I ate and the places I ate them. God forbid even the way I wiped my arse. My life had become so invaded that sometimes I wished to drop the whole thing. Let Harley Crompton take it. But I was never one to back down from a competition. The reason for my success after dad wrecked us, years ago.
That memory brought an acrid taste to my mouth. Anger flaring.
###chapter 7: From Hell's Kitchen...
***Levi***

I recalled the time at Ruthford Mansion. How my parents' so-called socialite friends bluntly shoved the door in our faces as my mother and I groveled for food. Turning their backs to us in our time of need.

A 15-year-old boy then, who had seen his mother crying and begging men and women, who she had been better than, once upon a time. But the carelessness of my father, Richard Ruthford, had brought us to the brink of the abyss. To a point where I couldn't bear to watch my beautiful mother, Christina, beg my late father's friends, who had only watched her with dirtiness in their eyes. Oh I had shown them, each of those men. And I hadn't spared those eyes of theirs. It was the eyes of those men on my virtuous mother that had pushed me to the jaws of death and back.
The sound of my mobile phone ringing on my office desk, jolted me from memory lane.

"Hello, Benjamin."
"Hello, Levi." Benjamin Moore greeted from the other end. He was my late wife's twin, who lived in England. Nice guy.
I breathed deeply, a sense of unease and guilt, filling my lungs as I heard his voice. He was the last memory of Belle I had. The last memory to the Moore line. His uncanny resemblance to Belle, unnerving. I rose from my seat and walked to the window of the *Tribeca STA Constructions building*, gazing at the city view. The renowned Woolworth Building, staring back at me, from across the street.

As I absently stared at the Neo gothical building, I could just as well see Benjamin's pair of turquoise blue eyes from the window, smiling at me. Eyes that always reminded me of his late sister, Belle. Eyes that always haunted me. That was the reason I had cut away from him, after Belle's death. I refused to even do business with him, directly.
"How are you, Levi?" Benjamin's voice broke into my hazy thoughts.
"I am fine, Ben. Just a bit burned out, that's all." I told him. A brief pause filled the air, before Benjamin inhaled a deep breath.
"Levi, You've got to take care of yourself. You know you are the the last thing I have to Belle, apart from our uncle, Howie." Benjamin chided coolly. His words reminded me of what Belle would have said to me, if she was still alive.

I bit back the thought by cracking a bitter chuckle before I replied.
"I take care of myself, Ben. I just need more distraction, that's all." I mused. My thoughts briefly went to Kenya, at the idea of me indulging in a little distraction.

Since that night I unexpectedly dropped by her house, I hadn't called her or seen her. And that was already a week. I had deliberately fought myself from seeing her since then, because I was scared of my actions if I saw her again.
"I saw the news on the internet and on television. What are we going to do about the women complaining on you? Would you like me to talk to them or something?" Benjamin suggested, shifting my thoughts from Kenya. I paused thoughtfully for a moment before I replied.
"No, Benny." I said, quietly. I didn't need him to involve himself with my mess.

Breathing steadily, I continued. "Don't worry. We are going to win, Benjamin."
"Win, Levi?" Benjamin asked, skeptically. I knew our relationship was strained, since Belle's death. He held certain misgivings against me, since then. Especially after the media had speculated bullshit about my involvement in her death.
"Yes. Win."
"How? They need you to have a wife? And the last I checked that would be insulting my sister, my family," Benjamin said, impatiently. That was another contention we had.

Since Belle's death, Benjamin considered my staying unmarried, respectable. Though masked, but it was there. When ever anyone suggested I remarried, he got irked over it. Tension crackling. As for the elections, I was sure we would win. Even though Harley Crompton currently had more stands than I did. Being a man from a long line of notable male republicans, Crompton was a better choice. While I was a democrat from a long line of Hispanics, French and Polish immigrants that dated years back. Way before I was born.

"Rest easy, Benjamin. We will win." I assured him. "How is England, by the way? And your uncle Howie? And Angela? You both still dating?" I asked, shifting the conversation.
"You do know I and Angie broke up months back. And Howie is great." Benjamin replied, chuckling. I had heard of his break up with Angela. I had thought they had gotten back together. Laughing to ease the moment, I replied.
"I know, man. Your laughter just sounded like Belle" I trailed off. I had just unconsciously broached a forbidden topic. Since Belle's death, neither of us had spoken so intimately of herwell really spoken of her. We had avoided speaking about such intimate topics of her that could evoke horrid memories.

"I have got to go, Levi" Benjamin said, tightly. His voice was detached. He was doing it again; trying to escape the grief. It had been years now. Yet, the pain divided us.
"It's fine, Ben."

"Oh just as an addition. I would be dropping by next month for some business." Benjamin added, his tone flat.
Helplessly, I replied. "Alright, Benjamin. I'd be expecting you."
Benjamin gave a grunt and the phone went dead.

Sadness washed over me. The day Belle got buried, right before I and Benjamin's eyes, that same day I lost my sense of feeling. But somehow, the presence of Kenya was cracking open that void.
A short knock on the door and I turned my attention to it.
"Mr Ruthford, the exclusive interview with Shirley O'Brian is in the next two hours. Where are we to begin?" My secretary, Renee said. I gazed at my watch. 10am.
"*From Hell's kitchen."*
###chapter 8: Hello Kenya...
***Kenya***.

I danced to the high tempo of the music playing in the practice arena. I was sweating and my breath came out rapidly. Yet, I wasn't ready to stop my tired body

During the course of my dancing, a bit of my hair had come off my bun, plastered against my forehead. I needed to perfect my timing to the dance, so that I could get selected for the part.

For the first time since I started dancing with my company, I was being given a chance to audition for an important role. The part of the black swan. I was currently alone in the J'aime dance school. Everyone else had gone for the day, hours ago, leaving only me. It was Friday night, already 7pm, and I knew that most people, like myself, needed the weekend to relax.

Stopping for a moment to take a breath, I allowed my tired legs to lead me to the vending machine in the refreshment area, where I grabbed a bottle of water. As I finished taking a swig, my eyes fell upon the news item on the television and my heart instantly skipped a beat. There was news about Levi Ruthford concerning the tour he had given the entire nation about the real Levi Ruthford.

A jolt of elation traveled across my body at the awareness that Levi had truly taken my advice. *Transparency*. Yes, he had been truly transparent with America this time. He had poured his entire self out for the whole of America to see. Pleasure trailed through my body as I watched his face pop up on the screen.

All day, since this afternoon, the entire news channels had been abuzz about the tour Shirley O'Brian of NYN had with Levi Ruthford. He had taken her down memory lane. A past which I was certain must have been too hard for him to visit. I was surprised to learn that at some point in life, Levi and his late mother had moved into Hell's Kitchen, because his then late father had squandered all their money on women and gambling. Their house, the Ruthford mansion, lost and all their assets. They had moved there, where his mother had worked as a waitress in a pizza parlor.
Throughout the entire tour, Levi had shown great composure and had been expressionless. He had answered every question that Shirley had thrown at him. And had even defended himself well, when Shirley had raised questions about his arrest in connection with the murder of five of New York's top business men, as an adolescent. Even about speculations of him murdering his wife. His only response had been to remind Shirley that he had been substantially cleared, of those suspicions, years ago.

I had found it hard to believe that this upright man had ever been linked to suspicions of murder. A man who promised to make an amendment to the abortion bill in New York, in favor of life for unborn children. Thankfully, with this new insight on Levi, the polls had shifted in his favor and people were screaming his support. Even the women who had previously shown displeasure at his lack of a functional family, seemed to have been appeased by his sudden confession of getting married in a few days.

I didn't know if that declaration from him of getting married in a few days sat well with me. When I had first heard that declaration from his lips earlier in the segment, a tight knot had formed in my throat.

Now bathing in one of the dance school's showers, I felt hurt that he had known he was getting married and had played with my feelings as such.
*What if I had fallen for him and had given my all to him? He had made me feel so so desirable.*
Despite the fact that he had known I had a limp. It hadn't mattered to him. But he had only done that to tease me, I realized now. And now I wondered how I was to have thought him upright, if he could have thought to have a dalliance with a vulnerable me. Knowing he was engaged. Allowing the cold water trail down my body, I let my tears wash away.

After I came out of the shower, I wrapped a bathrobe around my body and strode to one of the cubicles to pick out my clothes. Then I heard a high whistle. Turning abruptly to the sound, I came face to face with Hank, watching me from beneath a dark gaze. My eyes widened at the sight of him before me, dressed in an all-black hoodie and chinos. He looked foreboding as he stood against one of the shelves, his hands folded across his chest.

"Hello, Kenya." Hank drawled, as he let a dirty gaze travel across my undressed form. I clutched tight to the robe wrapped round me and watched him warily.
"Wwhat are you doing here, Hank? And how did you get in here?" I asked, alarmed.
Hank chuckled bitterly as he came off the shelf and closed the distance between us.
"Wrong questions baby." He lifted a hand and trailed a lazy index finger along my left cheek. I flinched in disgust at the touch and turned my face away from him. He dragged my face roughly to his and smiled, darkly. His handsome face, marred by a sneer.
"You know, if you had only let me, Kenya Pleasure you the way I wanted, I mean, we wouldn't be in this. You force my hand, baby"
He pulled my lips and forcefully kissed me. I was trembling. The next instant, he yelled in agony, as I bit his lower lip. The action forced him to let me go. I didn't even wait a second longer. I simply ran out of the room, away from Hank's madness.
I heard a furious roar from him, as I ran. He shouted my name, but I didn't stop.
###chapter 9: I Would Never Let You Fall...
***Kenya.***

I was frightened as I ran.

I had only just reached the hallway, where there was a phone, when strong hands grabbed me and threw me against a strong surface. I looked up to find myself in the arms of a very tall, heavily built man, equally wearing a hoodie. The man winked at me, a snarl tugging his lips. I looked ahead and noticed that another man had been responsible for throwing me at this brute. I struggled to break free of his hold, but the man held me tight. He struggled to drag me along with him, but I resisted, kicking him in the shin in the process. But my kicks only got the man angrier. The other man tried to equally get me to shut up, but I kept on struggling and screaming, hoping that someone would hear and come to my rescue.

Impulsively, I bit the brute's fingers who had my wrist clutched in fingers. The man yelped in pain, releasing my restrained hand. I dashed out of his reach and was about to reach the alarm button on the wall, when I felt a hard, heavy object hit the back of my head. I screamed in agony and staggered forward. The sudden pain in my head shot up, causing ringing sounds all around me. I lost my balance.

Too dazed to even continue screaming. A headache shooting through me, I let the creeping darkness sweep over me as i slumped to the cold, waxed floor. I heard pealing sounds of laughter. My only worry before I finally blacked out was that Hank was going to have his way, but this time he wasn't alone.

Guns. Sounds of Gun shots. My head hurt. I couldn't open my eyes*.
*Oh God! am I blind? I can't see. I must force myself awake. Are those yells and growls of pain? Waitwhy am I feeling like am being suspended in the air? Like am being air lifted. Oh no, no, no. Am going to fallAm going to*

*"Shh... No baby, just hang on tight. I would never let you fall. Hold on KenyaJust hold onAm going to get you to the hospital"*
*Levi?* 

***
***Two Nights Later.***

***Levi.***

"Sir, the President wants to speak with you." I heard Blake say, quietly, from behind me.
I didn't say a word but only stared at the lifeless form that lay on the bed in front of me. Gadgets beeping as they were attached to her. So vulnerable. So young. My lungs constricted in my chest as I stared at her and recalled the state she had been in two nights ago. I managed to turn my attention to Blake just then, so that I could chase those horrid thoughts away. She was fine now and that was what mattered. 
As my eyes came face to face with Blake, the words Blake had said finally registered in my mind. William Walerus, the president, wasn't a very patient man. I never liked to keep the man waiting. And that was one of the things that made us inseparable. Even though we favored different parties.

"Hello, William." I greeted as I collected the phone and walked to the window, gazing out at nothing in particular.

"Levi, you sly dog!" President William called out excitedly. I managed a small smile, as I sensed the president's excitement. "You beat Crompton hands down. The stakes are down for the man, you know."

"I didn't notice," I said, dryly, trying to get into the moment. But I couldn't. I found myself unable to share this victory, because the one person who had advised me to spill my guts out, was lying limp on the bed. Machines and tubes attached to her.

"What's the matter man? You upset about Crompton's retort?" The president said. I frowned slightly, struggling to recall what Crompton had said. Oh yeahThe man had tried to down play me on the media, the Saturday after my exclusive. I had watched Crompton spill nonsense about me; about my being a murderer and a criminal. About having dirt on me. But I had been too focused on watching Kenya that I had barely registered Crompton's words.

"Harley's words are as tiny as his prick." I scoffed as I sighed heavily. I heard President William chuckle to my words and I was happy that I had been able to distract the man from worrying over me. We talked about other affairs and soon ended the conversation on a comfortable note.

The doctor came into the room in that moment and had a look at Kenya.

"Why hasn't she woken up yet, Doctor?" I asked, my voice laced with concern.

The doctor turned a sympathetic look at me and replied. "You know, with the inflammation that had developed in her brain from the blow to her head, we had to put her on sedation to allow the swelling to come down."

I turned a soft gaze at her, remembering the state she had been in when we had brought her into the theater a couple of nights back. I was grateful that she was breathing at all. I shut my eyes tight, to flee the memory.

"Would she be alright?" I asked, drawing closer to her and trailing a lazy index finger down her cheek. She didn't even flinch. Except for the deep gash that had seeped blood on that night of the incident and the scratches on her arms, there were no other serious wounds on her body. At my behest, the doctors had run all the tests needed to ensure that she was fine, before they had proceeded with the surgery to close up the gash on her head. I had watched the entire surgery from the observation room and had growled within me at the depth of the wound. It was a miracle that she hadn't died.

After the doctor left, I went into the shower to clean myself up and change into fresh clothes.
###chapter 10: Burglars?
***Levi.***

I had asked my clothes be brought in for me.

I hadn't returned to my place since that night, ensuring that I had my eyes on her. I had only asked for change of clothing and my correspondence be handled for me, until I came back. As for more important matters, I only hoped they could wait. My food was brought in for me by Blake, when I needed it. And I caught little sleep on the only available sofa in the room.

When I returned from the shower, I allowed myself to sit down on the sofa and in no time, exhaustion overtook me. And I let the sleep ease my worry over Kenya, knowing that I had been unable to catch peaceful sleep in two nights. Because I had been plagued by nightmares of how I had found her that night.

A loud opera music sounded in the distance and I wondered when I had entered the opera. As the sound became more insistent, I shook myself and found out that it was Kenya's phone that was ringing in her bag. I had asked my men to retrieve her belongings from the dance school, before they had cleaned up the entire place. Her phone had died out before I had plugged it in last night.

Growling from the interruption of my sleep, I reached for the phone and found that the caller ID read, '**Mum**.'
*Fuck. What was I to tell the girl's mother*? I panicked. I wasn't sure any woman wanted to hear such an ordeal about her daughter. Deciding to save the woman the trouble, I answered the call on the third ring.

"Hello, baby. Where have you been? I have been calling you." I heard the woman's voice over the phone.

Clearing my throat, I replied. "Hello Mrs Anderson." There was a hitch of breath from the other end, before the woman cautiously answered.

"Hello, where is my daughter and what are you doing with her phone?" I heard her say. I sensed the worry in her voice.

"It's alright ma'am. Your daughter left her phone at my place, before she left for work. We We are dating, you see." I hastily added. I needed to calm her down, I assured himself.

"OhAre you Hank? I thought you had both broken up, months ago?" I heard Kenya's mother say. Bile rose to the back of my throat at the mention of that man's name.

"No, Ma'am. I am Levi Ruthford," I said, coolly. There was a brief pause, before she spoke again.

"The Levi Ruthford?" She asked. I could sense that her caution had shifted to curiousity. So to save the moment some more, I decided to continue.

"Yes." I agreed. There was a small screech on the other side of the phone, before she spoke again.

"Oh mywait till her elder sister hears this." She chuckled. I smiled amusedly, as I wondered if Kenya chuckled like her mum, when she was happy. I had never seen that side of her and discovered that I would want to know. Also, I had no idea that she had a sister. I hadn't seen any photos of her family that night at her house. Even her phone screen had nothing but the photo of a ballerina taking a leap. Perhaps she was a very private person, I concluded.

"Please, Mr Ruthford, tell her to call me as soon as she can. I need to hear the entire details. Oh mymy baby dating a senatorial candidate. Oh and so you know, I am voting for you." She confessed. I chuckled and expressed my gratitude to her. Then we spoke some more about politics, with me realizing that I really wished to meet this woman, before we finally hung up. I smiled as I put the locked phone away in Kenya's bag. I felt hungry, perhaps the distraction from Kenya's cheerful mother had helped me and I decided to go grab some coffee from the hospital's café, downstairs.

***

***Kenya***.

My senses woke up to the sound of muffled voices in the room. I tried to pry my eyes open, but I was afraid of something, I just couldn't tell what.

I struggled to do so again and this time I succeeded. The light in the room stung my eyes and I found myself fluttering them to regain my vision. My throat felt parched and I had no idea why. I tried to turn my head to the direction of the voices and found that I couldn't. ***Pain***. I cried out. Thudding feet rushed to my side and I stilled at the sight of Levi Ruthford standing beside a doctor. I locked gazes with Levi, while the doctor checked me, hastily. 

"Where does it hurt?" The doctor asked, after he had checked my eyes, vitals and asked all the other questions.

"My head," I whispered, my eyes finally shifting from Levi to watch the doctor.

"That's expected with a concussion. Do you remember what happened to you, Kenya?" The doctor asked.

"III don't remember." I struggled to say. My mind blank.

"Is it normal, Doctor?" Levi asked. His eyes on me, soft with every emotion I couldn't understand.

"It is. It was a great injury, Mr Ruthford. Perhaps she had fallen and hit her head, during the attack from the burglars, who knows." The doctor speculated. "The important thing is that she is well." The doctor added. I looked from one man to the other, confused. It seemed Levi saw my expression.

"Burglars?" I asked, my voice hoarse.

"Yes, Miss Anderson. You were brought in here, because of the wound you had sustained when burglars attacked your place of work." The doctor explained. I looked to Levi, my brows creased in confusion.

"I don't understand" I whispered.

"Doctor, would you please leave us." Levi requested. The doctor nodded his head and assured to send in some painkillers, for my head, before he walked out of the room, quietly.
###chapter 11: I think we are dating...
***Kenya.***

"Hi." Levi greeted as he walked to my side.

"Hi," I replied, looking at him. I found my initial confusion dissipate as we locked gazes. Levi wore a smile and held my hand.

"You don't need to worry about anything just yet. Before we get you outta here, we will have you good and running again." Levi assured me.
I stared at him, smiling.

I wasn't sure, but those words from him sounded comforting. My phone rang nearby, jolting me. Levi stroked my hands to soothe me before he went over to grab my phone. It was Mum. I saw a soft smile play on his lips after he handed me the phone. I wondered about it.

"Would you be alright, while I go make some arrangements for my dinner and maybe ask the doctor if it's alright for you to have solid food?" Levi asked, as he began strolling towards the door.
I nodded my head. The sound of dinner made my mouth water. I wondered what they served in the canteen.
Then, just before he opened the door, Levi turned back to me and spoke.

"That reminds me. When your mum called, I didn't want her to be worried about you. I told her that you were at work."
I gazed at him, amazed at his thoughtfulness. "Thank you," I confessed. My voice was still dry from days of without use.
"Oh, don't thank me just yet. I seem to have told her that you forgot your phone at my place." He added. My eyes widened in shock, embarrassment and confusion. A mischievous smile tugged his lips as he watched me.
Flashing a glance at my beeping phone, which had begun ringing again, I shifted a look of alarm to him.
"Why would you tell her that?"
Levi chuckled and proceeded to walk out of the open door. I swallowed as my mum's call came in again.
"Oh and just to add to all I told her." Levi's head popped back in through the door, startling me. "I think we are dating." Then he was out the corridor, before I could recover from my shock.
"Hi mum." My voice came.
"Baby. Thank God you finally picked. I haven't heard from you in days and now I hear you are with that handsome man, Mr Ruthford." My mum's excitement was palpable, even through the phone. I suddenly worried how I could tell her otherwise.
"Mum." I attempted. "Mr Ruthford is just a friend."
"Oh honey. That isn't what he told me. He said you two are more than friends. And I believe him." My mum concluded. I had a headache, and I could feel a searing ache in the back of my head. Perhaps the spot the doctor insinuated I had hit when I had fallen? I needed answers. Holding my head, I felt a bandage wrap. *God! How bad did I look*? My mum's voice still rattled in the background, her insistence that I was in a relationship with Levi unrelenting. I wasn't ready to argue with her.

A knock came on the door and a nurse entered. Seeing that I didn't want my mum to know about me in hospital, I gave her a flimsy excuse that I had some work. She bought it and I promised to call her later.
"Mothers right?" The nurse teased, her smile warm.
"Yeah. Tell me about it." I smiled.
"These you are to take now for the ache in your head." She handed me a couple of pills and a glass of water. "And I will come to give you some more later." She smiled, as I took the pills. After she finished attending to me, she left the room.
I sat there in the silence, suddenly trying to figure out how burglars had invaded the school, without setting off any alarm. Plus, why did it seem I was struggling to recall the entire event? The medication began to ease into me, and I found myself yielding to its pull. Sleep taking over.

***
It was already six weeks since that awful day I woke up in the hospital. The doctors said I had to go easy with everything.

I stared in disbelief at my boss, the director and owner of the dance company I worked, Mr Byron. I couldn't help but wonder if he had also suffered a head wound like I had weeks ago.
"Mr Byron"
"Please, Kenya, call me, Dave." Dave Byron cut in, amicably. I wondered again, nodding my head. It's not like I wasn't familiar with the man. He had come up to watch the routines, usually while the director of the shows, Billy, invited him for last-minute adjustments. Short of that, he dealt with the likes of Odette Withers and Patrick Lloyd, the lead dancers in our crew.
"You do know I didn't audition for the show, I haven't practiced for weeks with the others and Odette was already chosen and II have a limp" I argued, helplessly. My voice squeaky.
"You have done this many times and I hear you were very good at teaching those kids at that school that had a fire accident weeks back." Dave Byron cut in. I looked at him, astonished.
"But Sir"
"Dave"
"Davethe show is this Saturday. That is, I barely have enough time to catch up with anything and Odette has already been selected" I protested.
"It's my dance company. I have a right to select whoever I want, even though it's an hour before the show." Dave Byron remarked, haughtily. I looked at the man, who was as fit as ever, he looked like an athlete. Always in top form.
Word was on the street that his great-grandmother had been a star Ballerina in her days.
"As for the timingI suggest you begin all the necessary preparations before Saturday." Dave Byron said, quietly, his voice raising my alarmed gaze to his.
"But what if I fail?" I muttered, my eyes widening.
"You wouldn't."
###chapter 12: Sheltered In Kenya...
***Kenya.***

I stepped out of Dave's office, shocked, frightened. A good feeling nudged me. I was excited. Unable to ignore the incredulity I felt at hearing the announcement from Dave. I had never been given such a chance to come out into the spotlight. And this was a lot weird for me. All my life, I had lived it from within a box. My box, created by my own disability. I didn't see myself as a woman with an inadequacy, but it existed, nonetheless. The pity gazes I saw in others, the looks of disdain. Sometimes it was crushing and to avoid it, I just stayed within my limits. Watching from within my box.

Walking to the café nearby, where Andrea, Mike and Rory waited for me, I wore a cheerful look. It was lunchtime, and we usually spent it here at Bloom Café. A popular cafe on this side of town, where most people attended. It was a brick and glass cafe on the outside. Surrounded by tall business buildings that towered above it.
I walked inside and spotted them, their faces cheerful as they chatted. My gait suddenly faltered, seeing a few eyes on me. But I managed to steady my steps, reminding my inner self that they weren't gawking at me.
The inside of the café smelled of pine wood and strong coffee. The entire decorations evoking an eco-friendly atmosphere. Hanging gardens stood above the metal beams, which served as ceilings. Even an entire wall was dedicated to beautiful flower vines. The air always smelled earthy. Not to talk of the fresh pastries that stirred strong in the air. Filling the nostrils with savory scents.

"Hey, have any of you visited the club that just opened on 57th?" I heard Rory announce, as I sat beside Andrea.
"Yeah girls, you need to see it. Rory and I hit it and it was lit." Mike beamed, kissing Andeea. She pouted, playfully.
"I can't believe you went without me, Mike." Andrea gave him a mock scowl.
"Aww baby...I and the guys wanted to see it first. Like scout the area, before we take you girls out." Mike added another kiss. I blushed, watching the two love birds. Their relationship was intense. " Right Ken?" Mike turned to me.

"Sure Mike. What ever you say." I chuckled. A waiter came by and I ordered a cup of coffee.
"Come on Ken. I thought you would be on my side. Remember when I took you both to a restaurant, two years ago and it turned out crap. Yeah I don't want that again. Remember I didn't have any peace because of that error?" Mike chimed, his words resonating nothing in my mind.

I stared blankly at him. I couldn't remember any such episode. When I said nothing, the others turned worried gazes to me. Yeah, after waking up in the hospital, it turned out I now suffered some memory lapses. It was disheartening. Sometimes embarrassing, but it was a consequence of the trauma I suffered due to my fall. The doctors reassured me, when Levi and I visited the hospital for checkups that I would be fine again. But seeing the pity looks on the eyes of my friends, I felt sad.
"Oh honey." Andrea held me, her embrace, warm. Her sympathy was soothing. "Sorry we brought up a memory. We know the doctor suggested with time you would get better. We should be more thoughtful."
I caught her giving a scowl to Mike. They all knew what the doctors said, from when they visited me at the hospital and at home, during those days I was recuperating. I appreciated their concern, but it was exhausting. Struggling with this dissociative amnesia thing, where I lost some personal, fun memories. Not to talk of the sympathetic looks they gave. Like I was a fragile doll. Only Levi didn't give me that look. Rather, he saw me as a strong woman.

A smile tugged my lips as I recalled his kindness to, these six weeks. Taking me to doctor's appointments. Visiting me and spending time with me, while I recuperated. Whenever he came to visit, we talked. His laugh was intoxicating, like warm butter on hot bread. I loved the way his eyes crinkled whenever I said something funny. And he was actually a good listener. I didn't even have to say much about his care skills. I mean the man was a pro with fixing a bandage. Even the nurse he hired for me had been impressed by his effective care skills. He didn't judge me or anything. Rather, he was actually relaxing to be with.

"Your coffee, Ma'am." We heard the waiter announce. I thanked the man and decided to bury myself in my cup, rather than the awkward silence that fell across the table.
Rory, broke the silence first. "Hey Ken. What did Dave call you in for? You were gone for sometime."
I dropped my cup and smiled. My eyes swept around the three of them, wondering how they will take the news. "He said I am to be the lead dancer." I held my breath, watching their expressions. There was a pin-drop silence, their eyes wide. Then their faces morphed into elation, their cheers drowning my hushes.
"Oh my God! This is so cool. Congratulations darling! You deserve it!" Andrea gave me another hug. I reciprocated, smiling. It was exciting actually, now that I had let it out. I believe it myself.
"Now we need to go to that club on 57th. This calls for a celebration!" Rory suggested.
"I agree man. What say you, Ken? We go tonight?" Mike eagerly said, his gaze anticipating.
"No...no guys. You know how I am about these sorts of places. Clubs...parties." I argued.
"Oh Ken. Enough of this." Andrea cut in, irritated. "You can't live your life being sheltered in Kenya. It's time for you to live a little. Explore the world."
I understood her words. But I wasn't brave enough.
###chapter 13: Hank Dead?
***Levi.***

I sat in the meeting room of my office, discussing with my business partners, who had come by to talk about the materials for new projects that were underway in STA Constructions. There were some expensive building projects and road projects that were to be carried out in Michigan, and I needed to be up to speed with all the projects.

Knowing that the clients were all top profile clients of the world, they deserved the best. My phone buzzed on the desk, interrupting my focus. I eyed the buzzing phone for a moment, ignoring it, to focus my attention on the file before me. Huge figures stared back at me. They were figures that they estimated were needed to pull up the projects.

The money wasn't the issue, because my clients had enough blunt and my company was reputable. However, I had no choice but to go along with this, because my business partners dealt with the best materials for STA Constructions. I silently listened to them, arguing against ideas I deemed porous.

"Mr Montoya, you have been supplying STA constructions with quality materials over the years. Your efficiency isn't doubted. My only worry is that I need this to be delivered in time. And I need to be assured of the quality, since you informed me that you made certain improvements."
"Mr Ruthford, rest assured that you will get the best. This new variety would be better for your high-profiled clients," Mr Montoya claimed.

I had a steady gaze on the man, his face a mixture of nerves and certainty. He was struggling to pull up a brave face. I didn't know if I should trust his claims, but time was too short.
*I hate last-minute arrangements*, I inwardly growled.
"Fine. Send all the details. I need to give my clients feedback." I stoically stated.

A few minutes later, the meeting ended and everyone exited the meeting room for refreshments. I rose up, grabbing my phone. A number of missed calls. Most of which were work and election related. However, two of the calls were from Kenya. My heart raced instantly, and I took in a deep breath to slow it down. Thoughts of her always got me this way. Racing heart pulses and dry mouthed. I smiled as I dialed her number, waiting for her to pick up the call.

***
***Kenya.***

I finished dancing with my colleagues, walking to check my phone. Hoping to receive a call back from Levi. We came back hours ago from lunch and fell into our dance routines immediately. I still refused to go to the club with my friends, despite Andrea's persuasions.

"Are you alright?" Andrea asked, concerned. I didn't hear her approach. I lifted my eyes from my phone, smiling.
"Yes, Andy. Am fine. I came to check my phone, that's all."
Andrea came to give me a hug.
"I am so happy that the robbers hadn't hurt you. It would have been terrible if anything had happened to you. And to think that they had even left Claudine's dance school in ashes" Andrea trailed off, looking into my eyes. She looked forlorn.
I looked at her, doubtfully. I still found it hard to believe the story of robbers burning the school to the ground. I still couldn't recall that night in clear detail. Yet, I doubted the story that had gone around since then. Especially the story given by Levi. Not like I doubted him, but there were hazy pictures that kept crossing my mind, perplexing me.

A day after I had woken up, I had been visited in the hospital by Claudine, who had been very sympathetic, despite her own loss. She had worried for me and assured my job's security, as soon as Levi's company finished with the renovations. Of course at the time, I hadn't been aware that Levi had offered to rebuild the dance school for Claudine, no charges needed. So my amazement at the news had been explicit as I later thanked Levi, who hadn't left my side in the hospital.

A huge knot formed in my throat and I recalled he was to be someone else's. At least that part of my memory hadn't abandoned me. I remembered that detail well enough. And that was the reason I pleaded with my Mum not to call Levi my boyfriend. But Mum still believed we were together and I was just too modest to confess it.
On the other hand, my sister, Amanda, only teased me, accusing me of making up stories about Levi Ruthford. I hadn't even bothered to refute her claim. I had just left it at that, hoping that Levi would leave soon to be with his fiance.

But he didn't leave. He sta, we grew closer and he continued to ensure my wellbeing. He even ensured that all Claudine's staff continued to receive their wages, despite being out of work. Somehow, he had gotten the insurance companies to continue our pay, until the school was reopened. Yet, I was aware that he wasn't mine.

"Have you heard the news?" Rory said behind me. I lifted my eyes from my phone, my focus on Rory. 

"What news?" Andrea asked, staring at Rory.

"We just saw it. Apparently there had been cross fire between rival gangs at an abandoned warehouse and they all died. Hank and his buddies; Marlon and Chase were among the dead found early this morning." Rory finished.

A gasp escaped our mouths in disbelief. He continued to explain the gruesome scene he had seen on the television and I couldn't help but fall to a nearby seat. I grew dizzy, at the words. A hazy vision or memory of someone's face cloaked in a hoodie loomed over my eyes. Everything suddenly seemed blurry.
"You alright, Ken?" Rory asked, rushing beside me.
Andrea equally did the same, offering me a glass of water.
"Am fine, guys. I think I just got hazy from the news.
*Hank? Dead? Drugs?*
###chapter 14: Dead Twice over...
***Levi.***

I dialed Kenya's number. My heart rate picking up, as she answered. Excitement.
I was no school boy, but she made me feel like it.

"How are you, Kenya? Sorry I was in a meeting when you called. After I saw your missed calls, I called. But you weren't answering." My voice, hoarse and nervous. *Good nervous.*

"I am fine." I heard her. The sound of her voice, a pleasant caress to my face, like the wind. I heard her hesitate.

"Is something the matter?" I asked, mildly concerned.

"No, Mr Ruthford"

I smiled inwardly, wondering what the sound of my name on her lips would be like, and not 'Mr Ruthford.'

"It's just that I was informed about Hank." I heard her say, ceasing my pleasant thoughts. A deep scowl formed on my face. "I heard he died in a shootout with a rival gang."

A long silence followed, where I am certain she wondered if the line went dead.

"Hello?"

"An unfortunate situation. But many people aren't who we assume them to be," I replied.

"Hank was everything, but a gang member." She defended. I suspected she found this hard to believe.

Gauging her countenance, I continued. "Did you love him?" I revolted at the question. *God, I hope she didn't!*

"Love? No... Mr Ruthford. I didn't. I think am just shocked." She answered truthfully. I recalled what I had seen that night and concluded that she would have felt differently if she had seen her state that night.

"I called earlier in the day to give you the good news that I am to be the lead ballerina at the show this Saturday. I was practicing at the theater when you called earlier." Her voice banished those memories.

"Wow, congratulations." I greeted. Yet, sensing her aloofness, "Shouldn't you be happy about the news? You were sad about missing the auditions weeks ago." I reminded her. She sighed. Yes, while recuperating, she had cried, whenever I stopped by, about missing the auditions. *Now she had her wish, she was sad? I hope it wasn't because of that vermin, who should be dead twice over.*

"You should be happy, Kenya." My tone was stern. Furious even, at the danger the man had posed to her.

"Alright. Thank you, Mr Ruthford, for everything. WouldWould you be attending the show?" She asked, hesitantly.

I paused. Warmth sailing through me, like a tiny gust of wind. The thought of her, dancing for me, thrilled me. "Would you want me to?"

"Yes."

That one word was my undoing. My chest grew tight, as a sweet sensation rippled through me, settling in my groin. I wondered how pliant her words would be, when I did wicked things to her. 'Yes, Levi. Please don't stop, Levi.' Oh I had thought of that, every day in her presence. Her being alive, pure joy.

"Ask me this question over dinner tonight. My treat. I'll pick you up," I amusedly said.

"Alright. Just tell me the place, I will meet you there," she said. A chuckle escaped me.

"No, Kenya. I would pick you up from your place at 6:30 pm. Dinner is at seven. Wear something nice."

Later that night, I strolled into the luxurious set-up of Quincy Restaurant at a few minutes to seven, with Kenya.
A beautiful restaurant situated in Tribeca. The golden lit room, filled with diners, was beautiful. Even Kenya was amazed. The chinking of dinner wares, men and women sitting for their meals, all dressed up in elegance. Kenya and I weren't left out. Me in a navy blue three-piece suit. Kenya, wearing a white, long-sleeved, shin-length chiffon gown and a pair of matching sandals. Pride soared in me, having this gorgeous nymph in my hand, as we went into an elevator.

We emerged from the elevator and strolled into an enormous and ornately decorated room. The only difference was that this room was empty, except for waiters, who stood over a table with covered dishes. I felt Kenya tense beneath my fingers, as we moved in. Lowering my eyes to her, I noticed she gazed at the waiters, nervously. A sudden change in her gait, made me realize that she was suddenly conscious of her limp, making her clumsy. My heart went to her, seeing her struggle. Holding her hand, tenderly, I whispered in her ear.

"You don't need to feel tense. You are graceful, beautiful and so all eyes would definitely be on you. Be yourself." My voice was tender, reaching her.

Holding my gaze, I saw her wariness disappear, replaced by the boldness of a Queen, as we sat.
Over the past few weeks, I noticed that her gait usually became clumsy whenever she grew self-conscious. As cute as that was, I found it a bane to her comfort, making her lose confidence.
When I was certain of her ease, we ordered our menu, falling into small talk, as we awaited our meals. Music played softly, evoking a soft ambience.

Our meals came soon enough and we talked about everything.

I got to know that Kenya's mother was an orphan, who arrived the United States as a refugee, 23 years ago, while Kenya had been in the womb. She had escaped a dispute torn Freetown, in Sierra Leone at the time. A place where her late husband and father to her two daughters, Mr Willis Anderson, was killed. A worker in the diamond mines. He and the other workers got shot by the aggrieved community members, who grew frustrated, seeing juicy diamond rocks dug out from their ground, while they saw nothing. But the mine workers weren't the owners of the mines. They only earned their daily living. In the course of escaping, Kenya's mother had received a shot to her belly, almost losing her life.
In the end, she was brought into the States with her 3-year-old Amanda, as health priority refugees.

A gripping story that reminded me of those I intended to serve as a senator.
###chapter 15: Say my name...
***Kenya.***

"That night you rescued me from the fire, what happened?" I asked, shakily. This restaurant was beautiful and intimate. I had never visited it before. Actually, I had a non-existent social life due to my disability. He seemed distracted as his eyes gazed at me. I repeated the words.

"I know I have asked you this many times in the last weeks. But I can't shake these images that keep flashing in my memory. Especially today when I heard of Hank," I explained. I reached for my glass of the expensive red wine, sipping generously. *God! He made me nervous, especially with the look of displeasure in his eyes.* Levi suddenly grew cold, detached.

"Leave us, please," Levi said to the waiters.

Filing out of the room, the waiters left us alone.

"Have I made you angry?" I asked, anxiously. He watched me.

"No, you haven't," he confessed tenderly, sipping some wine.

"I am really sorry. It's just that I am shocked that Hank was caught dead in a gang war. I never knew he was in a gang He wasn't that kind of person." I rattled, nervously. Levi smiled sweetly.

"Did you love him that much?" Again with this question.
"NoI didn't, Mr Ruthford. Am just" I trailed off. He frowned, watching me.
Reaching for my hand, he pulled me up, holding my gaze.

"Tonight is all about your successful call to be the belle of the show," Levi said quietly. I shook as his fingers climbed my upper arms. His touch singed me through my sleeves. I grew weak.
Wounding his arms around the small of my back, a little pressure of his fingers, he swayed us into a dance. His nearness, mesmerizing, his earthy- bergamot cologne, intoxicating.

Slowly, he lowered his lips and pressed them to mine. Soft, tender, like water to a steaming skillet. I gasped at this most yearned contact. But soon, a deep need filled us, the kiss increasing. Bites. Nibbles. Hesitant kisses, trailed down the line of my jaw. A fire ignited in me, rippling through, until it pooled in my loins. My nipples, puckered. I moaned. I didn't recognize my own voice. Growing impatient, I touched him, clumsily. He gave a throaty groan. My head spinning. This was different for me. I liked it.
Our bodies pressed, so tightly, we barely breathed, as he deepened the kiss. Tongues, lips, entangled. His caresses, burned. He lifted me from the ground, my legs wrapped round his waist.

"What if someone comes in?" I gasped, pulling away from the heated kiss.

"No one would, because I asked for privacy. If we need them, there is a button under the table, I can press." Levi assured me, a dark smile and a kiss to my mouth, accompanying his heated gaze.
I frowned.
"What's wrong?" Levi asked.
"Do you come here often with?" I flustered, unable to finish the words. I was jealous. Wow! Somehow, I didn't want to share him with any other woman.

"I often eat in this room, when I want privacy" He chuckled, amused at my expense. He kissed me m. "But, you are the first woman I have brought up here" Another kiss. I looked into his eyes, searching for something I couldn't discern.

"Let me emphasize my point" He lowered his lips to deeply kiss me, placing me on the table. We moaned, thrills surging through us. I parted my legs, and he pressed closer, intensifying the kiss.
Lowering the top of my dress, he feasted on my bare, twin mounds. His mouth, wet and warm, sucked my nipples. Each nipple, considerably attended to. He gently stroked my legs, his fingers inching upwards, until he reached my panties. Laying me flat on the table, Levi whispered.

"Forgive me"

I stared, confused. "For what?" I managed.

"For this" He bunched my dress around my waist, further parting me. Lowering himself to his knees, Levi leaned into the apex of my thighs. In one deft, unexpected move, he pulled me closer and kissed my already wet pussy, through my panties. I flushed in embarrassment and writhed in pleasure. My body arched into him, my moan deep. He pressed his lips closer, spreading my folds through my panties and latched his tongue to my clit. I grabbed his hair, my ache, palpable. My body was engorged in flames. I writhed and rocked my hips. And he wasn't even finished.

"Say my name..." I heard him say.

"What?" I croaked. And then it happened. A coolness spread through me, as Levi shifted my panties. Softly, he licked my already wet center, his name a plea, escaping my lips.

"Levi..." I cried, my body inflamed. A sweet pain ignited in my center. He latched onto my clit, drinking me in. I felt all the colors of mortification. Yet, I relished it. My legs, wantonly spread, pliant as he licked me in strokes and circles. My hips buckled into him, he continued to deliver licks and strokes. Pinching one of my nipples, he continued to suck me. Pleasurable ache, swirling inside me. Tearing through me in exhilarating pain, from the point where his mouth clenched my clit. I couldn't bear it. Tortured, I writhed, scraping my fingers against his arms. I gasped and mewled, my racking body, causing him to smile beneath my hot, wet, pussy.

I felt him reach a finger into my already wet sheath and a searing pain, tore through me. My body, quivered in sheer agony. My insides, pained. Levi pulled his finger out of me immediately, standing somewhere in the periphery of my vision. I grew frightened, shaky, as I tried to pull myself together. It was normal, I had expected it.
Our eyes locked, shock visibly expressed on his face.

"Are youAre you a va virgin?" His alarm, confusion, remorse and shock, explicit, as I stared into his handsome face. Those beautiful eyes, suddenly filled with sorrow or pitysomething indiscernible.
Covering myself up, I sat upright.

"Yes, Levi. I am."
###chapter 16:  The Belle of the Night...
***Kenya.***

*Five days later...*

I stood in my dressing room and couldn't believe the turn of events. A new room, complete with fancy decorations, courtesy, Mr Dave Byron. Unbelievable!
Tonight, Odette wasn't dancing with Lloyd. I was. A remarkable feeling, coursing through me.

The handsome and professional Lloyd, had come in earlier to congratulate me, showing an enthusiasm to dance in the stage with me. All through practice hours, he had endlessly remarked on the chemistry we shared in dancing. Something he claimed was lacking with Odette. I was stunned, knowing I never existed to Lloyd, until Dave announced me as the lead ballerina.

Now, sitting in the room alone, all dressed up, I was unable to stop myself. I looked beautiful. My dark-chocolate skin glowed like velvet in the beautiful, immaculate ballerina's ensemble. And the gifts sent me by Levi, moments ago, adorned me, gracefully. A diamond jewelry set, complete with a small comb and a note, all in a velvet box.

***'To the Belle of the Night.***
***Break a leg, Kenya.***
***Levi Ruthford.'***

I had unconsciously held the velvet rectangular box and the card close to my heart. And now, with the gifts adorning me, I felt delicate, treasured. Someone's treasure., Levi's treasure. A sweet thrill sailed through me, at the memory of five nights ago. The pleasure he had given me caused me to squirm, clenching my thighs. I wondered what would have happened if I hadn't been a virgin. Would it have been wonderful? My virginity, the only treasure I had. I recalled that part of me.
That night after dinner, he didn't press further. Depositing me safely at my door step. A tender kiss on my forehead. Since then, only calls, nothing suggestive of the desire we encountered that night. No talks about that night. I was baffled, knowing we had both enjoyed ourselves. But I didn't question him. I only followed his pace. It was like he now saw me as a novice, I couldn't say. But I preferred the way we were, before he found out about my virginity.

The door creaked open behind me, interrupting my thoughts. I turned and gazed at Odette Withers, who stood in the doorway. A silence fell, as she closed the space between us. Under her glare, I suddenly felt uncomfortable, like a usurper.

"Odette"

"Save it, Kenya." Odette bit out. I looked at her eyes and saw the redness in them. *Had Odette been crying?*

"You snatched the spotlight from me, all because you were able to fuck your way through the top. Relegating me to the side." Odette called out bitterly. I rose up, instantly, my eyes flashing in shock at Odette's accusation.

"I know Dave's reneging on his decision to make you the lead dancer must have come to you as a shock. Still, it gives you no right to falsely accuse me"

"Oh my God, Kenya. Don't tell me you are this naïve. You think this is about Dave." A bitter chuckle escaped Odette's lips as she continued.

"This isn't about Dave Byron, darling. Dave is only a small fry in the claws of the one that got you this chance."

I stared at her, perplexed. "WhatWhat are you talking about, Odette?" I cluelessly asked.

"I am talking about Levi Ruthford, Kenya." Odette announced. I shifted back in shock. "The man who got you this chance in the spotlight was Levi."

Glaring at Odette for spurting such nonsense, for such vileness, even if I was attracted to Levi, I spoke.

"Odette, there is no way that Mr Ruthford, would do such a thing you accuse him of. He wouldn't buy a chance for me or whatever you have suggested"

"You don't believe me, right? Sure you wouldn't, Kenya, because the man cleaned his act well. Didn't you wonder the reason Dave threw me off, and gave you the part of the '*Suffering Princess*' in such short notice, even though you hadn't practiced?" Odette spat, befuddling me.

"Didn't it bother you that in spite of your impediment that Byron let you in as the lead dancer?" Odette sneered at me. I flinched, wrapping my arms around me. Burning with humiliation.

"A new room was given to you, complete with decorations, didn't you think it through?"

My eyes widened. Those same thoughts had crossed my mind.

"But these aren't speculations, Kenya. I heard it fresh from Byron. He told me himselfWell he boasted that Levi had handsomely paid him to give you the spotlight. And now, you stand here, like a queen, awaiting her coronation." Odette glared. My chest constricted. I staggered, gripping the vanity for support.

"It's not true." I muttered, tears stinging my eyes.

"Just enjoy the chance while you can, honey. Because it isn't going to last"

A knock came on the door and Dave popped his head in. One look at the scene and a knowing look crossed his face. Scowling at Odette, he walked into the room.

"Odette, what are you doing in here? Shouldn't you be in the audience?" Dave asked, glaring at her. I watched them, Odette smiling cunningly. She strolled towards Dave.

"I was only helping her get in her role, Dave." She lied. He turned a look to me and returned his gaze to Odette.

"The next time I see you in the room of a performer, when you aren't one of the dancers for a show, I would fire you and you would never dance on the stage again, lead dancer or not." Curt, he brushed past an ashen faced Odette, stopping in front of me.

"Whatever venom she spat, know that there is none more deserving of this, than you." He confessed.

I stared into his eyes, tears threatening to spill. Wondering if he was sincere, wondering at his thoughts.

"It's time for you to head out," Dave said to me. It seemed he sensed my hesitance, doubt on my face. Extending his hand, palm up, he said.

"It's time to dance, Kenya Anderson."
###chapter 17: A Villain In My Story...
***Levi.***

Seated in the family box, watching Kenya, the girl that plagued my days and haunted my nights, dance profoundly.

Since that night she had been dessert, sleep eluded me. Visions of her, splayed, receptive to me, a torment. Her taste, her scent, still clung to my tongue.

I could still feel the texture of her skin beneath my fingers. Her hot wet sheath, tight. My cock suddenly gripped me at the thought. Pleasure tingling me.

She was passionate, desirable. Yet, untouched. A woman who had never basked in the canals of passion.

My delicate rose, ready for my plucking. Only I could pick and pluck her, as I desired.

I had battled, my self-preservation winning, when I didn't take her that night. God knows I ached, my arousal, rock hard. But I had resisted. Her confession, stunning.

Dropping her, not kissing her, had been agony. But I had chosen it, knowing she needed time. And passion was never rushed.
I desired to possess her, make her mine, forever. But I didn't want her frightened. I needed her utter acceptance. And I

could wait. Resilience and patience, my virtues. Precision, my tool.

When I canceled my prior engagements for tonight, Blake had thought me insane. His expression had said so, but he hadn't voiced it. I even pushed forward meetings; mega-million deals.

Now sitting and watching all Kenya's fluid movements, I wondered why I saw great pain that radiated through her. A contrast to the joy that should have radiated from her. She seemed forlorn, despite this being her debut.

She danced with such grief that it enraptured the entire audience. Captivating and filling their hearts with

such sorrow. My eyes swept across the faces below my box and I saw fascination. Yes, Kenya was a beautiful artiste tonight. Her interpretation of the

'Suffering Princess,' a complete success. But I feared the worst.

Shoving my worries aside, I allowed myself to watch her.

Jealousy inflamed me, as I watched the lead male dancer touch her body. Musing over the possibility of breaking every bone of his fingers. Kenya was mine.

***
***Kenya.***

Strolling into my dressing room, I shut the door. Enthusiastic claps from the audience still echoed in my ears, as I shakily reached for a glass of water. I was
agitated.

I hoped my family equally enjoyed the dance? Tonight was special to me.

*You meant to say, you hope Levi was pleased with your performance tonight.* My heart said.

But I refused to allow those words register. I only wanted to curl somewhere, cry. Levi's pity project, that is all I was.

*How could he have bought me a spot?* And Dave. Dave's words a stark confirmation.

I fought the nausea that threatened to wash over me. A knock came on the door and some of my fellow performers pushed in, bear-hugging me, as they

approached. Mike even had a bottle of champagne in his hands, pouring it in a glass for us all to share. But I didn't have a sip of the drink, only a kiss
to the cup, while they chattered excitedly. Quietly I slipped out of my clothes behind a screen door, while they continued talking. I slipped the jewelries
from Levi, into my bag, intending to return them back to him, once I had the courage.

A knock came to the door and everyone turned, as it opened. Billy poked his head in.

"Kenya? Where is Kenya?" He asked no one in particular.

"She's behind the screen door." I recognized Tad say. I came out of the screen door in that moment.

"Hey Kenya, Dave says to tell you that Mr Ruthford sent his man for you. Says the man is waiting for you in his office." Billy provided. A loud cheer went up

from my colleagues. All cheering and patting me.

"Go get your man, honey!" Andrea playfully said.

"His eyes never left Ken for one second!" Rory teased. Heat flooded me, but I managed to ignore them, grabbing my bag as I followed Billy.

Billy opened the door and let me in. Alone, I turned my focus to admiring Dave's enormous and manly office. Clean and plush, as usual, it smelled of cigarettes

and expensive leather. Mostly black and brown objects graced the office.

Hearing hushed sounds, I walked further into what seemed like an inner sitting room. I had never been here before. I slowed as I saw Mr Blake Dickson on the

phone, his back turned to me. Not wanting to interrupt his conversation, I quietly lingered.

"Were you able to clean up every trace concerning the death of that young man?" I heard Mr Blake Dickson say. I distractedly stood in the corner as he

continued. "So no one would trace the death of Hank and his cronies to Mr Ruthford?"

I stilled. Turning an ashen face to Blake's direction, I listened further. My eyes stared dead at him. My body shaking, while my feet stood rooted to the spot.

"That's better. No one should come to know what happened to Hank was anything less than a gang war gone wrong. Keep me updated." Then Blake turned

around and came face to face with a me. He stood, just barely giving much, as he stared at me. But I saw his hesitation. Then unable to help it, he spoke.

"How much did you hear?"

That seemed to shake me and I stepped back, staring at the man all garbed in a navy suit. Before he could speak another word, I clutched my bag and bolted

out of the room, not giving a backward glance to the man.

A few minutes later, I was in a cab heading to my house. Hot tears spilled from my eyes, as the enormity of those words, sank in. Dread, flooding me.

Inside the cab, the cold seeping into my bones, the heater on, I could only cry. Levi wasn't who he claimed to be. He was a villain in my story.
###chapter 18:   The Big Bad Wolf...
***Levi***.

She opened the door to her apartment and flicked on the lights. There on her sofa I sat, my eyes fiercely locked with hers. Glaring, unwavering. She stifled a yelp, her eyes darting for refuge. She turned back to open the door, so she could run out, but my next words stilled her.

"One step out that door, Kenya and your whole world will come crashing down." I promised, my voice unrecognizable to me.

Somehow it wasn't the threat I guess, that chilled her and stopped her. Rather, the tone I said it. I had been all sweet and cuddly. But this time, I was *me*.

Kenya turned to face me, very slowly, and stood there. *Good girl*. I felt her tremble, as I closed the distance between us. Our eye contact, unwavering.

I loomed over her, staring down at her. Cold. Expressionless. Menacing. I could smell her tremble. I liked it. My hair and body still felt wet from the rain, which I braced coming here. But I didn't mind all that. My only thought was getting this over and done with. I am sure she wondered how I got into her apartment? *Well, I had my ways.* I smiled darkly.

"You weren't supposed to hear what Blake said about Hank. That was carelessness on his part." I explained, my voice shaky. She stared awkwardly at me. Then impulsively, she asked.

"Are you going to kill him too?" She put her palm over her mouth, instantly. Her eyes held fear. Perhaps chiding herself for speaking her thoughts. I didn't answer, I only stared deeply at her. My silence was unnerving, even to me. But at this rate, I couldn't determine my next actions. I needed to cool down. I couldn't lose her. That was out of the fucking question.

"There was never a fire, was there?" She asked, holding my gaze. I silently watched her, battling within herself. Decrypting things. Tears rolled down her eyes, as realization hit her. But I only watched. Listened.

"And all those images I told you I continued to have after the surgery They weren't dreams, like you convinced me to believe, were they? You knew all along about HankYou" She trailed off, afraid to speak the next words that lingered on the tip of her tongue. I could sense it. I read it in her. Her body language said it all.

"You paid a place for me. You paid Dave for me to dance tonight." She revealed. I was startled a little at those words, but my eyes remained on her. *Who had told her that? That Dave? I knew he was all balls and no brains. S*ilence ensued. She broke it first, her voice firm.

"You aren't who you claim to beI want you gone. Away from me. Here. This is the gift you sent tonight." She scrambled in her bag and provided the red, velvet box I had sent out to her earlier. I shifted my eyes to the box and back to her. It was hers to keep. Complete with the certificate of ownership. Something dark crossed my features, as we locked gazes and I think she noticed it.

"I am afraid I can't let you go, Kenya." I confessed, coldly. I chuckled bitterly, ignoring her frightened expression.

"You see, I am never letting you go, Kenya. You are mine."

"I do not belong to you, Levi." She retorted, sharply, her eyes wide.

"Oh but you do, Darling. And, in regard to this," I shifted closer, my eyes boring into her. Grinning devilishly. "I have put on hold the renovations concerning Claudine's dance school." I smiled. She looked at me, confused. Fear gripped her.

"Why?" She asked.

"Because until you are fully mine, I won't conclude the project, and you will be out of work You and your other colleagues there."

"Butthat's horrible. You can't do that." She cried, horrified. I chuckled bitterly.

"Oh I can, baby. And I have."

"Please, Levi. You can't Please don't do thispeople will suffer" She scrambled to say, desperately.

"Oh, not only them. I also intend to have every dance establishment bluff you, and everyone that works in that little dance school. And Claudine, I have evidence against her with the authorities." I smirked.

"What evidence?" She asked, puzzled.

"Evidence about how she blackmailed her husband into giving her that generous alimony. Conning her insurance company." I watched her and smirked. Horror etched on her face.

"You can't LeviYou would ruin her." Tears spilled down her beautiful eyes. I could and I would. But she didn't know that. The hurt look in her eyes, killed me. But I ignored the nudging ache. Desperation driving me to the brink.

"I can. I have. Even your brother in law, Alan Preston; the movie producer and his wife, Amanda; the Beverly Hills jewelry designer. I have evidence of their gross, business misconduct. All their tax evasions. Every, damned, dirty detail."

She gasped. "Levi, please...Please. My mum would be"

"Heart broken. Shattered. You are correct. She'd be crushed." I finished.

She stifled a sob, tears rolling down.

I knew what she thought. A despicable, black guard. But I had my reasons. I was no saint. No one was. But I had long embraced my darkness. An undeniable truth. This was me that I had tried to shield her from. But she forced my hand. She stared into my eyes. Watching me, her heart wrenched. I wasn't as kind.

"What can I do to stop you?" She muttered, helplessly. Her breath shaky. I leaned down, dangerously, my breath so close to her.

My tone foreboding, I whispered. "You have from now till next Saturday to meet me at my chosen location, or I would make a call and everything would happen as I have said."

Kenya stared, perplexed. She searched my eyes, anxiously. "Meet you for what?"

"Isn't it obvious?" I smiled, devilishly. She shook her head.

"Marry me and I would make the big bad wolf, disappear."
###chapter 19:  I Bailed Out...
***Kenya.***
*Next day...*

Flights always got me comfortable. And sitting in my brother-in-law's plane, I was grateful for the reprieve. At least I didn't have to go through the discomforts of commercial flights.

Beside me sat my mum, who yapped with my sister about different topics. They had an enviable relationship, where they shared common interests; beauty, fashion and a lavish life. A trait which I didn't share with Mum. Mum always told me that I was more like my late dad, loving the arts and serenity. I suddenly wondered if that was the reason she had met and married Alan Preston in the first place.

The man was rich as Croesus and had all the fame. And now, knowing they had dirt in their hands, I didn't know what to think.
*Did it mean they were all just living a pretentious life?* I wondered. Even my boss, Claudine. The woman had made all that money by illicit means. Having dirt as well. Silently, I watched them both.

"Are you alright, Kenya?" Alan asked me, over his glass of wine. His handsome face, kind. I shifted, uncomfortably. I hadn't been aware that I was staring.

"Yes, Kenya. You have been awfully quiet, for someone who had a beautiful debut as the star ballerina last night." Amanda added, concerned. I stared, tears spilling over as I recalled my sister's love for me.

"Oh it's nothing...I was just overwhelmed by your love for me." I lied, pasting a false smile. Mum smiled with warmth.

"Oh honey. We love you so much. You don't need to cry, and we are very proud of you." Mum held me, affectionately. I returned the embrace, smiling.

"Yes, Ken, we love you OK. Never forget that." Amanda, who sat beside her husband from Alan, admitted. "And so you know how proud we are, I just heard that your face is currently in Times Square as the star ballerina."

I stared, awestruck. "How?" I asked.

"I don't know," Amanda said, smiling. "But I bet it has something to do with your current boyfriend.
*Levi Ruthford."*
Amanda teased. Her eyes, glinting with pride. I winced at the sound of Levi's name.
"He's...he's..."
"Oh honey. Whatever you are doing with him, continue. You have my full support. Just don't let him slip." Amanda urged.
"Honey..." Alan cautioned, softly.
"What, baby? I want my sister to have the best as well." Amanda cooed as she kissed her husband. Love, evident between them.
"Pay her no mind, Kenya. We all love you, no matter who you are." Alan smiled at me, kindly.

I equally smiled, my heart wrenching. Gosh, I loved them so much. And now, due to my foolish encouragement of Levi, they faced ruination.

*Marriage. A* shudder ran through my entire body.

"I have a proposition for you, if you are so inclined." Alan's voice broke into my thoughts. "I have a spot for a ballerina on my upcoming movie project and I need the next best thing."

We stared at Alan.

"Your sister never told me that you danced well. I would have offered you the spot. But now I know, I was wondering, would you like to take the role?" Alan asked, smiling.

I was shocked. Mum and Amanda smiled, encouraging me to agree. Would he have noticed me if Levi hadn't bought the spot for me?* I wondered.
*Until Levi came into my life, I was just Amanda's baby sister. Now I was noticed.*

Seeing their expectant gazes, I answered, "I'd think about it, Alan."

***
It was night as I lay in one of the rooms of Mum's Malibu beach house. A modern apartment, gifted to Mum by my sister on one of her birthdays that had all the luxury and glam. The sea, a welcome neighbor. It's saltiness, filled my nostrils. Pleasant, peaceful.

When we were younger, Amanda had started working early to help Mum in household expenses. She had even abandoned furthering her studies after high school. Her focus on work, to help me, with my schooling. Especially once I got admitted to Manhattan school of the Arts, on scholarship. She worked nights, tirelessly. And when Alan had come to marry her, we had seen him as her knight in shining armor.

Now, two kids later, they were still in love. And I couldn't do otherwise but uphold that love, no matter the cost. Even though I had to run forever, from Levi.

As soon as Levi left my place that night, I had cried myself to sleep. I had ignored Dave's calls and his subsequent text, which informed me that I was to be placed in Times Square. Even calls from my friends. I was sorrowful and had fallen asleep, pain killing me.
Early this morning, I woke up with a bright idea. I called Alan, seeking permission to board the flight with them. Enthusiastic, he had agreed and even sent his driver for me.
Without informing anyone, I bailed out on Levi. Hoping to find a solution, before he realizes my absence. I didn't think of anything. I only wanted this to end. So here I was.
Earlier this evening at dinner, Alan called to thank me for accepting the role. I was confused, because I hadn't given it any thought, since Mum and I arrived her place. He later filled me in, that Amanda had conveyed my acquiescence to him. Furious, I called my sister to vent all my frustration. She only laughed, mischievously. Her assurance that I would thank her later, irking.

Did my life still belong to me, I wondered, as I lay in bed. The wind picked up, curtains blowing softly into the room. The night was dark, beautiful. The swooshing sound of the waves, a lullaby. A comfort to my troubled soul.

I didn't know what tomorrow had in store for me. I had no life to return to. I had to escape Levi. Or face marriage to that vile man.

An option I would never consider.
###chapter 20: To Be Sane...
***Levi***.
*Monday... Next day...*

11 am. We just left the private strip where my plane touched down. I was being driven to the address Blake had tracked for me. My heart soared with an unidentifiable emotion. But I replaced it with rage. *She dared to run*! *I wouldn't spare her*.

I futilely called Kenya endlessly, yesterday. My mind frustrated. Barking at everyone, until she had been tracked.
Things shouldn't have unfolded thus. But now they did. I had to salvage what I got.

My phone buzzed in my pocket. I scooped it out. A message from a hidden number.

"**Unknown Number:** *I shouldn't contact you. But this is an emergency. Someone is fishing about your businesses; mines and plantations. We laying low for a while."*

I stilled, pinching the bridge of my nose in frustration. *This can't be happening now. Who could that be?* I needed to get my shit together.

"***Me***: *Okay Rico. Keep me updated."*

In a few seconds, the car pulled up in front of a fine beach house on Miami Street. Modest and beautiful. A small patch of trimmed lawn, with fine flowers, graced the surroundings. I was impressed.

Strolling up the cobblestone walkway, I reached the front door. The door opened after a couple of rings. An older version of Kenya, before me. She was beautiful and cheerful. I had seen her photos from the dossier I had on Kenya.

"Mrs Anderson. We finally met."

Her gaze fixed on me. Surprised. "Oh my God! Mr Ruthford. Please come in." She shifted. I walked into a wonderful house, smelling of roses, citrus and some baking.

She was in front of me, smiling. "This is a surprise. Kenya didn't tell me you were coming. I'd have made preparations."

"She isn't expecting me. Can I see her?" I smiled. My heart raced in anticipation. She nodded, a knowing smile crossing her face. I didn't understand it. Moving away, she called.

"Kenya, someone is here for you!"

I waited. My heart thudded.

Kenya came out soon, standing in front of me. My heart stopped. Simple, beautiful.

Seeing me, her face paled.

"Hello Kenya. Miss me?" I asked, quietly. Smiling. Kenya trembled. *God! I thought I had lost her.*

"Oh honey, say something." Her mother pushed, softly.

"Levi, I..."

"I know. You missed me, baby." I finished for her, closing the distance between us. I towered over her. Dark, foreboding as I stared at her.

In a gentle grip, I took her hand. A tender kiss on her lips accompanied that action. She didn't resist.

"Oh, Mr Ruthford. I am so happy you came. At least you can distract her. She has been sad since yesterday," her Mum intoned.

I pulled back, holding her eyes in a tender gaze. "Is that true, Baby? What's making you sad?" I asked, concerned. She flinched from my touch. Her eyes, like daggers, were glaring.

"Nothing. Am fine."
I studied her expression, hoping she wasn't sad about that wretch!
"I do hope you will be staying long. We were just making strawberry tarts before you arrived." Her Mum offered, breaking the silence.

I spared her mother a glance, since the kiss. A bright smile split my face.

"I'll be staying until my task is done, Mrs Anderson."

I turned a knowing look to Kenya, a possessive hand caressing her lower back.

"And rest assured, it'd be a pleasure tasting something you both prepared," I continued, my eyes back on her Mum.

Mrs Anderson's warm smile betrayed her excitement, as she walked away.

"What are you doing here? How did you find me?" Kenya turned a despairing gaze at me.

I smiled at her, replying, "I tried calling you yesterday, and it seemed my calls to you were hindered." I looked at her, meaningfully. Noticing her discomfort.

"So I stopped by your apartment and discovered that you weren't home. I called Dave, and he hadn't seen you." I let my words sink in.

She shifted uncomfortably, walking to the open window.

"Then it hit me," I continued, lightly. "You jilted your soon-to-be husband..."

"You aren't soon to be anything." She sharply retorted.

I smiled darkly, coming closer.

"I had you tracked and received this address last night." I watched her face. My words affecting her. Yes, I was in possession of the address, since last night. But I wanted to give her time to enjoy one last freedom.

"You tracked me?" She was frightened. I nodded.

"What do you want?"

"You already know what I want."

"But it would be torture... Marrying you..." She whispered in tears.

I gazed at her, the old tenderness I had for her surfacing. But I dispelled it.

"I had initially given you until Saturday." I ignored her. "But now, you have until tomorrow morning."

"Tomorrow morning?" She gasped.

"Yes. Tomorrow morning a vehicle will arrive to convey you to the chapel where we will wed. Everything will be ready on your arrival, so don't worry about anything," I said.

Horrified, she stared at me.

"I wouldn't do it? I wouldn't. You can do whatever you want," She defiantly said.

Smiling, I shifted to a window. A beautiful view of the beach this was. Just like my Malibu beach house. I hadn't been there in years. I grew nostalgic. My gaze fell on a man and woman, kissing on the sandy beach. Enthralling.

"I have sent all the evidence to the D. A's office in Manhattan. I don't need to tell you what that entails," I said.

She gasped. Regret at my next words, eating me.

"If there is no command from me, by the end of tomorrow, they will go ahead with the proceedings. And the culprits will be caught and prosecuted. A detrimental blow to your family, Kenya."

"Why are you doing this, Levi..." Her voice broke.

My eyes lingered on the beach. My emotions schooled, as that familiar tenderness painfully resurfaced.

"Because you are the bane of my sanity. To be sane, I need all of you."
###chapter 21: Why Him...
***Kenya.***

*Tuesday morning.*

Standing in one of the chapel rooms, I gazed at myself in the big mirror.

It was a small and sparsely decorated room, but with tasteful furnishing. I watched as the makeup artist put finishing touches to my face, trying to hold back the tears. My sister and Mum stood behind me, with my sister's face pale. Like she had seen a ghost. Ever since she was properly introduced to Levi, when she arrived at the church, she had been reserved. Honestly, I should have been puzzled about her demeanor, but I didn't, because she wasn't the one to be shackled forever to a brute.

With Levi's permission, I invited Mum, Amanda and Alan to the wedding.

So, after Levi left, I approached Mum about the subject. He had enjoyed the tarts we made, much to my displeasure, mind you. Mum had been elated, both of them chatting on the table, as if they were friends forever. He had a way with women, even my Mum.

Mum, surprised, when I broke the news of my impending wedding, had asked twenty questions. 'Do you love him? Are you sure? Are you pregnant?' I had answered her, nervously. My tone was as firm as I could. Finally, she had jumped with glee. Her excitement rivalling my sour mood. She called my sister, informing her of the good news. My sister was shocked as we went last minute shopping for their outfits. Even when I told them I didn't need a collection of sexy nighties, they didn't budge.
They bought everything.

So there you have it. Everyone had shown immense delight and shock at the news. But no one had bothered to see the tear-streaked face of the bride. Or I had only masked it too well. Hence, no one noticed.

Later at night, I had lain in bed, my body taut from all the pain I had suppressed within me. I hadn't been able to eat any bite of food all day. Even those delicious tarts I had made. But in spite of the pangs of hunger I felt, I had resigned myself to suffering all the hurt I deserved for attracting such an obnoxious man.
Every other girl attracted the attention of normal men. But I had gone ahead to attract such a vile man. A man that stirred my insides at the mere mention of his name. At the sound of his voice. My wedding which I had always dreamed of as a little girl was now hijacked by someone so despicable and there was nothing to it. With all that in mind, I hadn't even been aware when sleep had carried me away.

"Why are you marrying that man, Kenya?"
I heard my sister's voice, so quiet that I wouldn't have heard her. We were alone in the room.

Instead of answering my sister, I turned a grave face to the mirror. The girl in front of me was so beautiful, but frightened. My stomach growled from hunger, but I ignored the rumbling.

"Ken? Answer me." Amanda pressed. I turned a sad gaze at her sister. And I think my expression have me away. Fear. Anguish.

"Oh honey..." Amanda rushed to me, taking me in a tender embrace.

I broke into uncontrollable sobs and just held my sister.

After a little while, Amanda asked.

"Have I been too hard on you...pressing you to marry a man of high standards?" She probed, quietly.

I noticed that my sister held her breath as she waited for my response. And I wondered why she felt this way. I pulled back from the hug and watched my elder sister.
There was guilt and something like remorse in Amanda's eyes, but I had no idea what Amanda would feel these shades of emotions for. Cleaning my eyes with my fingers, I breathed softly.

"You haven't been hard on me, Amanda...I...I just didn't expect that marriage would come this soon." I lied, smoothly.

"Then why rush into it?" Amanda questioned, impatiently.
"Because..." My voice rose a little in anger. Then i breathed to calm myself before I continued. "Because if I didn't, I wouldn't be complete... Levi wouldn't be complete... Everyone would be ruined." I finally voiced out, trembling inside. I wanted to tell Amanda everything. The little girl in me that always cried to her big sister when we were little. But I held myself back.

Well, most of what i just said was almost true. If this marriage wasn't done, the ruination of my family and Claudine, would cause my unhappiness, hence my incompleteness. On the other hand, I had no idea where Levi's completeness would stem from if the marriage went through. Perhaps it would stem from seeing me miserable for the rest of my life in the marriage.

A silence fell between us, as Amanda maintained a steady gaze on me. I squirmed under her studious gaze. There was something Amanda must have seen in my eyes, but she didn't press. I was grateful for that small favor.

Inhaling, Amanda continued.

"I am not in the least bit convinced on your reasons. But you are a young woman now...I can't question your decisions. I can't force you. I just hope you know what you are doing..." A lone tear spilled down Amanda's right eye in that moment.

I only stared at her, helplessly. Then on an afterthought, Amanda kissed me on the cheeks and smoothed the front of my beautiful dress.

"I don't think politicians are patient people. Let's get you on your way to your groom." Amanda declared softly.

The forced smile on my face, didn't reach my eyes. But it worked. I didn't even want to linger on the reason my sister had such a guarded expression. I could only hope that my own expression wasn't rueful.

Ignoring my sister's efforts to Porsche up my face, I grabbed my bouquet of white roses and walked out of the room to meet her devious husband to be.
###chapter 22: Turn Back The Hands of Time...
***Levi.***

Kenya, was escorted on her right side by Alan. Her arm, clutched affectionately in the crook of his elbow, walked the aisle to meet me.
She was accompanied by her elder sister, who I met earlier, and her Mum. Both women wore the same peach-colored dresses, though with varying designs.

I felt bad for Kenya. She had been disappointed, knowing her nieces couldn't make it to the wedding, due to their exams. The eleven-year-old Stacy and 8-year-old Lisa. I didn't know them, but their grandma had spoken so much about them at the table yesterday.

In no time, Kenya stood in front of me. Hesitant. Encouraged by Alan, she surrendered her hand to me. I took her hand, giving an appreciative nod to Alan. Mounting the altar steps, we stood before the priest, who began the ceremony immediately.

I watched Kenya appreciatively from beneath her thin, white veil. Beautiful. Dressed in a flowing, white lace gown, long and slit at the left thigh. Her hair, held in a low bun, accessorized with a long, thin white veil that came with a diamond comb. I sensed her distance and regret crept in. But one look at her bare neck and all trace of remorse evaporated. She wasn't wearing the necklace I ordered for this occasion. I was displeased. Forcing myself to focus on the ceremony.

Everything went in a hurried blur and soon the rings were exchanged. The priest excitedly declared that we were now husband and wife and I could kiss my beautiful bride.

I closed the distance, slowly. My hands pulled her closer.

Leaning into her, our breaths mingling, I pressed my lips to hers, slowly. Lightly. It was pleasant, stirring a familiar fire deep within my loins. But I felt her resistance. My voice grazed her ear. A whispered promise, audible to us both.

"I promise to make you the happiest woman on earth. You will never lack anything. Not even my attention."

I pulled away from her slightly, looking into her eyes. My heart, earnest.

"I'm afraid I can't say the same for you, Levi." Her confession, fierce. Her gaze, intense. My eyes suddenly turned dark.

"I would make you regret this day. So much so that you would only wish that you could turn back the hands of time."

***
The wedding breakfast was delightful.

Light, comprising of delicious foods, which had been organized for the intimate reception at my Malibu beach house. I had been impressed at the efficiency with which the house had been tidied for our arrival at such short notice. Knowing that I hadn't lived here in a while. Although staff cared for the place, I hadn't known what to expect.

Thankfully, the place turned out in good form. I would have wanted to head out to New York immediately. But something in Kenya's eyes, when she embraced her Mum, had prompted me to grant her reprieve. For in her beautiful eyes, I had seen an intense yearning. So I let her stay around her loved ones today and tomorrow. Perhaps head out to NYC by Thursday. Thank God I had Blake handling everything .

I smiled softly as I recalled how Kenya had inquired if I was going to hurt Blake that night she found out about Hank. She had no idea how far Blake and I had come. Way back to Hell's kitchen. A bitter taste rose in my mouth as I recalled my fury, when Blake had confessed his error over the phone to me that night. But I had later cooled down, knowing it had been an honest mistake.

Alarmed, I had immediately called Kenya to explain everything to her. To reassure her. To confess about that awful night, I had found her almost raped by Hank. But she had avoided my calls. So, doing the next best thing, I broke into her house. Ensuring I didn't lose her.

When she had asked me about that night with Hank, I had hesitated within myself. Unable to tell the truth to her. Because I had been scared of her judgement. Afraid of that disdain, I had once seen in Belle. So I had silently watched her piece the components of the story together. Watching her succumb to the pain of my betrayal.

But with our marriage, I intended to uphold my vow, even though she promised hell on me. I only hoped I hadn't destroyed the desire that once existed.

"Mr Ruthford, thank you for inviting us. I hope you both have a blissful marriage." Alan's voice came.

The both of us, seated on the terrace at the back of the house, where we had gone to relax after breakfast, sipping brandy. The air was cool, from the sea breeze. Our hair tussling in the wind. I smiled in acknowledgment and turned a gaze to the sea, my eyes on a few people languishing on the beach.

"I have offered your wife a spot on my upcoming movie. I had confessed to her that I hadn't any idea that she was a tremendous dancer." Alan's voice dragged my thoughts back.

A frown suddenly climbed my face as listened.

"Of course at the time, she wasn't married to you, so I didn't need to inform you of this development. You should know, nonetheless."

There was a brief pause, where I silently studied the man, weighing my next words before I spoke.

"Did she accept the offer?" I asked, taking a sip of my brandy, the breeze rustling my hair.

"Naturally, you know Kenya." Alan breathed, slightly amused. "She was shy to accept the role at first." I stared at him with an expressionless gaze. "But her sister was able to convey to me that she accepted the offer."

I nodded my head absently. Then seeing that Alan awaited my response, I shrugged. "She is my wife." I began, quietly, gaining Alan's full attention. 

"Our marriage doesn't impair her career aspirations. Rather, I believe it gives her an added advantage."
###chapter 23: Heartfelt Confession...
Levi.

Alan nodded his head.

Just then, my mother-in-law came to join us. I had seen her pull out of her daughters' presence in the living room. My gaze not leaving Kenya. Following her every step, while I listened to Alan. Admiring her, putting to memory her every gesture.

"Mr Ruthford. Alan," My mother-in-law quietly called. We raised our gazes to her, earning an appreciative smile from her.

"Mother in law, you call Alan by his name. Wouldn't you treat me in the same way?" I quietly asked, smiling.

"Oh, I hadn't considered it. However, now that you have mentioned it, I would gladly do so." She agreed. I smiled, warmly. My heart softened in my chest.

"I wanted to see you alone... Levi." She continued, a knowing smile crossing her lips as she caught a glimpse of my satisfied smile at the informal address.

"Sure thing. I'd just go and join Amanda and Kenya." Alan suggested, rising to his feet and walking away. I stood up and pulled out a chair for her, before I sat.

Sensing her hesitation, I quietly spoke. "You don't have to be uncomfortable with me. We are family now. Any issues you have concern me," I urged. She raised her gaze at him and I instantly saw a likeness of my wife in her.

"I wanted to thank you for giving my daughter a home. A chance to be a woman, like every other woman." She began, the smile on her face faltering as she struggled to curtail her emotions. Tears rolled down her eyes.

"You don't have to thank me." I cut in, slightly displeased that she felt that way. Puzzled by her reason for those words.

"I do, Levi." She pressed, chuckling nervously as she dabbed her eyes. I decided to let her speak. I needed to know.

"I don't know if she ever told you what happened to me and Amanda, when Kenya was still in the womb?"

I nodded my head.

"Well, that incident had left her to suffer a birth defect A malfunction in her formation Hips Dysplasia, the doctors had diagnosed when she was born. They had declared that she was lucky to have survived after what she had gone through in the womb. And we subsequently visited the pediatricians, until correctional surgery had taken place, when she was a few months old." She sniffed.

I drew closer and took her hands in mine. A comforting gesture. She smiled.

"I had watched my baby suffer rejection. Her tears, constant torments to my heart. But I had harbored hope. I hadn't been dissuaded. And I had told her that love would find her. Not that Hank of a man, who had been a brute." Mercy bitterly disclosed, mirroring Levi's emotion about the subject. I wondered if she knew of Hank's end.

"But now, she has you. I am grateful that you married her and saved her from this misery." She added.

A movement caught my eye and I looked in time to catch Kenya standing on the threshold of the door leading to the terrace. Her eyes pooled in tears, watching us. Her mother hadn't seen her yet, but I did. Obviously, from her stance, she had heard her mum's heartfelt confession.
Quietly, she slipped away and disappeared along the other side of the terrace. I wanted to follow her immediately, but I stayed, knowing her Mum needed this time to vent. I would find my wife later.

A few moments later, after my mother-in-law calmed down, she announced their intention to depart early. Reminding me to look after her little girl. A duty which I inwardly vowed to uphold.

When they were ready to leave, the party was disappointed to find that Kenya was nowhere in sight. They asked I sent their regards. As I saw them off to Alan's awaiting vehicle, I couldn't help but notice the frantic glances which Amanda Preston threw my way. I would have wanted to ask her about it, perhaps if her sister had disclosed anything to her. But I decided against it. Choosing to ignore the gesture.

Schooling my emotions, I watched them leave. After, I went in search of my beautiful wife.

I stood on the terrace, scanning the beachfront for Kenya. The massive, white, two-story building, made of bricks, steel, expansive glass doors and windows, stood on rocks. The entire arrangement of the building spacious, boasting 6 bedrooms, including ensuite bathrooms. Massive and spacious living room, with sparse furnishings to highlight the white, black and brown decorations. White sofas graced the living room. A glass coffee table and an exotic bar, fully stocked. Walls bore expensive Watteau, Seurat and Degas paintings.

Descending the terrace stairs, I walked along the sandy beach. Wearing only my shirt, with its sleeves rolled up and my suit pants.

The sand felt sharp under my feet, the saltiness of the sea wafting through the air. The wind picked up, tingling my nostrils. The white foam of the sea climbed my feet, the cold water seeping through my skin. The smell of the wet sand evoked nostalgic memories of me and my Mum building sand castles. The sun not punishing. Rather, delicate and warm, gradually awakened my senses to calmness. One I rarely saw in New York.

I saw Kenya, calm, her fixed gaze on the sea. She sat on the sand, her legs pulled up in front of her. Beautiful and peaceful. Without any care in the world. I regretted crashing her world with my presence. But I wasn't able to do otherwise. Marrying her had been my only option, in order to save us both from eternal destruction. Because whether Kenya accepted it or not, desire stirred within us. A dreadful threat above our heads.

Closing the distance between us, I sat beside her. Her beautiful perfume that I picked or her; chocolate, flowers, stirred my senses alive. I equally stared at the sea ahead, weighing where to begin. She deserved this much.
###chapter 24: Live Or Die?
***Levi.***

"They sent their regards before they left. They wanted to see you, but had other prior engagements." I spoke, my eyes remaining on the sea, before us.

Kenya maintained her silence. After a long pause, I turned my eyes to her.

"Why didn't you wear the diamond necklace that I got made for the occasion?"

*That seemed to get her attention.* She glared at me, before she turned away again.

"Wasn't it to your liking?" I pressed. A soft sigh escaped her lips, as she retorted.

"If I had my way, I would have worn an all-black to the wedding Black dress and veil, shoes and roses so dark...
mourning my loss." She sneered.

That stung. Her indignation was justified. And so we're my actions.

A silence lingered. My thoughts forming.

Memories of that dreadful night came flooding back as I talked shakily.

***Six Weeks Ago...***

After the successful exclusive with Shirley, I remained with my campaign team, long into the night. We watched the reactions of people in the media. My entire team was filled with happiness at the results and comments that flooded the polls. Celebratory Pizza and drinks were ordered, and we all partook in the feast.

But my happiness wasn't complete, until I saw Kenya, the woman, who had boldly counseled me to be as transparent as I could. I yearned to see her, so I called her, but to no avail. I even called the theater, but was told she was at J'aime.

So I asked to be driven there.

Alighting the vehicle, we sensed something off. The sounds of breaking glass alerted us. So we took cover, treading cautiously into the building. The place was vandalized. Broken glass, strewn clothes. It was appalling. I feared the worst for Kenya then, like a knife twist in my gut.

We came to a halt at a horrid sight. My fear unfolded, as I saw three men looming over a naked and limp Kenya on the floor. Horrified, fear gripped me. I was uncertain if she was alive as I watched for any signs of movement from her. And worse was that these men had
their hands touching her lewdly, not minding, she was lying there limp and undressed.

I grew livid, wanting to lurch for the men. But I knew that emotions didn't pose well in such moments and decided to think with a clear head. Schooling my rage, I assumed a part of me which I had put away for many years. Patiently watching the scene that unfolded through blood-shot eyes.

Counting only three men, I looked out for an opening. The men suddenly fell into a sickening argument about whom to go first, posing an opening. And just when one of the men, who I later got to know as Hank, lowered himself into her naked form, her legs spread beneath him, I pulled out my flick blade and threw it at the man. The knife hit its mark and pierced through his right thigh, a scream escaping him.

The injured man's buddies pulled out guns and fired aimlessly, while my men responded with shots of their own. Dashing through the chaos, I went to Kenya, uncertain if she was alive. Her assailant groaned in pain on the floor, as I lowered beside Kenya.

Blood pooled around her head. My fingers searched for a pulse and after successfully finding it, I instantly carried her in my arms, proceeding out the door. The sound of Kenya momentarily saying my name was a ray of hope for me amidst that chaos. And with that encouragement, I ordered we be rushed to the hospital, immediately.

Ripping a piece of my shirt, I wrapped it around her head, managing to stall the bleeding.

At the hospital, the doctors revealed to me the enormity of her head wound and steps required for her survival. I immediately gave the go ahead for her surgical procedure to begin.

Seeing her there on the bed, hours after the surgery, the fall and rise of her chest, my only assurance of any life in her, apart from the beeping machines, was torture. The state of her health, so uncertain. Her head was wrapped up in a bandage. Little scratches all over her arms. It was a miracle she survived. I died a million times.

***Present day...***

"I watched the entire procedure of your surgery in the observation room. And I swear I had died every moment, seeing all that blood coming from you. Seeing the laser sealing your skin. I died, Kenya" I faced her, grimly.

She saw the look in my eyes and grew frightened.

"I didn't know that you would survive Kenya. It was a fifty-fifty chance There was never a fire or burglary. My men set the fire up on my orders, to clean the place." I paused, catching my emotions.

"As for handling Hank, it was easy. I only made a few calls, set them up a little." A dark chuckle escaped me.

My eyes focused on the water, as I recalled how I got Hank and his buddies well tended to by my medical team. Their wounds all healed as they dreadfully awaited their fate for weeks. Begging for death, they had been granted their wishes. A dark thrill still coursed through me, at the images of their bodies mangled by the bullets to the point of no recognition.

Pulling her arms around her, she shifted her gaze away. A silence thickened, my words sinking in. The water lapped white foam, touching our bare feet, kissing them.

"Now you know all that happened. Tell me, what would you have done if you had been in my shoes?" My voice broke the lingering silence. A steady gaze at her. "Would you have let your assailants live, or die?" My words, a soft caress. I waited for her response. What did she think? Did she still find me guilty, I wondered.

Seconds passed.

"I would have done the same."
###chapter 25: Some Husband I Was...
***Kenya.***

All my life, never had anything of such magnitude engulfed me until now.

Life, for me, once revolved around my passion for dance. But the emergence of Levi Ruthford, my husband, just tipped my life.

Before Levi left, he asked me to talk to Tamar, our housekeeper, about anything I needed. He had said that with such conviction that it almost weakened me. And I doubted I was going to need anything from him, if I had a choice.

First, Hank's death, then Levi's role in my debut. And worse, Levi's role in Hank's death - well, indirectly. A justified action, because Hank had hurt me so gravelly, his actions robbing me of my memories. Memories which were precious to me, no matter how little.

Somehow, Levi's description of everything that happened that night, jolted a particular feeling back to me. An instinct. A dread of Hank and how I used to feel in his presence when he was alive.

A fleeting picture suddenly crossed my mind and I found myself recalling Hank's constant abuse whenever we made out. I regretted how my mind couldn't currently recall that night he had tried raping me.

But I was relieved that I could at least remember how despicable he had been. It gave me a reason not to mourn the man. Yet, I couldn't shake off Levi's awful methods. Diabolical. I wasn't certain I wanted to participate in his world. But I couldn't escape now, could I?

Choosing to stay on the beach a little longer, I wept about my pathetic situation.

***
***Levi***.

It was 7pm in the evening and I could feel the exhaustion of the past few hours weigh on me. I stretched, after being entrenched in a series of meetings since I left Kenya earlier. Not a moment's break since then. Except for coffee breaks that were allowed in the virtual meeting.

The meetings had mostly been election related. One concerning Chicago STA Constructions Architecture and Building department. Informing me of the reasons for the recent upsurge in dissatisfied clients in the Chicago branch. The cause was a change in the supply of building materials by one of the chosen vendors. An action which cost me countless profits in the last months. I finally decided that a lawsuit be served that said vendor for the negligence. At least it would teach my other suppliers not to mess with me.

As for the meeting with party members, they had wanted to discuss the recent allegations thrown at me by Crompton. Allegations which the party members suggested I addressed in a press conference. Yesterday, Crompton publicly accused me in the media, of being involved in conflicts that had torn down some of the African countries for over two decades. However, instead of taking offense at the allegations, during the meeting, I was amused. My passiveness amazed them.

Lying languidly on the sofa in my office, idly watching the wooden ceiling beams, I recalled the text from Rico. So Crompton had been behind nosing around my businesses. I frowned, pulling out my phone.

"Blake, hi. These recent words pulled out by Crompton. Investigate them. I read the transcript of his press release, and he referred to The RINA MINES having ties with some conflicts that have taken place over the years in some African countries. Do some ground research and report to me immediately," I instructed.

Sitting upright, I let my thoughts travel to my wife, dispelling my ire. I wondered if she had had anything to eat yet. It was already late, and I should have checked up on her but couldn't, because of the intense meetings all afternoon. *Some husband I was*, I sighed, palming my face. *I should be more attentive to her.*

I recalled my confession to her earlier on the beach. I wondered how she felt about me, now she knew this side of me. If only she knew the real me.*

Walking out of the office, I went to be her husband. The thought of that brought sweet, wicked memories of that night had been dessert.

Walking into our magnificently decorated bedroom, I was greeted by silence and a chill from the open window. Frowning, I walked further into the room, checking the ensuite bathroom. Only the light breeze outside, which brought in the saltiness of the sea, greeted me. My brows furrowed while I went downstairs to find Kenya.
Coming into the kitchen, hoping that she was having dinner, I was displeased to find only Tamar, giving instructions to a maid.

"Tamar, have you any idea where Mrs Ruthford is?" I asked, the name pleasing.

"Yes, Sir," Tamar answered, slightly bemused. "She asked us to prepare one of the downstairs rooms earlier. She is there now. I just took her some aspirin for her headache, after she declined having any dinner."

"Headache? Downstairs..." I stood aghast. *Refusing dinner?* I echoed, inwardly. Tamar and the maid looked at me, confused. I inhaled a steady breath.

"Tamar, would you run a hot water bath for the both of us, upstairs and add some bath salts. Perhaps it would help the headache." I instructed, turning away to go get Kenya. I was infuriated.

There were only three bedrooms on each floor and I didn't mind banging on every door until I found my little wife.

Reining in my emotions, I knocked on door number two, feeling a modicum of relief hearing her voice from behind it. Opening the door, I walked into the room, my shoulders squared.

Her back was to me as she sat on the bed, and absently said, "Tamar, no need to stress yourself more tonight. Thank you very much for your help." She sniffed, gazing at the open window. *She had been crying. No wonder she suffered a headache.*

"What in God's name are you doing in this room, Kenya?" I roared, startling her. She half twisted to gaze at me, shock on her face. "And what the fuck are you wearing?"
###chapter 26: You Could Cook...
***Kenya.***

I heard what he said, I knew what he meant. He bought me expensive and sexy nighties. But I ignored them and chose to wear my pale blue, cotton pajamas, my hair twisted in a pair of boxer braids.

My red-rimmed eyes and wet nose, I looked pathetic.

"Why aren't you wearing one of the night dresses I got for you? And why aren't you in our bedroom?" Levi continued. I turned away, staring out the window.

"You have already forced me into marriage. You can't force anything more on me." I mumbled.

Before this marriage thing, there had been a fire. Desire between us. Now I only detested him. I couldn't even bear to look at him. Yet I couldn't deny the pull I felt for him. Subtle, yet strong. Wrecking me whole from within. A fire burning within me. There was silence, his breathing, soft behind me. I hoped he would just leave.

Then I heard footsteps, and before I could react, he stood before me.

"You sure are right." His tone, indifferent. "I can't force you more. But I can do this..." Swiftly, without a thought, Levi scooped me off the bed, cradling me in his arms. I yelped in protest, shock and ire, filling me, as I clutched him tight.

"Put me down, Levi! I am not your plaything that you would just..."

"You have two choices, wife." His stern voice cut through my words, his gaze, stern. "One, you either come with me, quietly and not make a scene before the staff. Or, you can yell all the way from here to Alaska, and I still have to carry you either way."

I panted furiously. Incensed. I wanted to speak, but something in his tone and gaze, clamped my jaws shut.

Silently, he walked us out of the room across the hall, all the way to the kitchen. Soon we entered the elaborate kitchen, lavishly decorated in modern appliances and décor of brown, black and silver themes. Echoing a delicate taste.

Walking around the large kitchen island, Levi gently put me on top of the smooth, black-marble-surfaced island.

"Tamar informed me that you refused dinner." Levi let out, opening the fridge to pull out some ingredients.

Tomatoes, some lettuce, a pack of mixed veggies and some already cooked chicken. He closed the fridge, grabbing an onion. Raising his eyes to me, he noticed that I was watching him, curiously. The anger in my eyes was replaced with mild intrigue. My eyes met his and I hastily averted them.

In no time there was chopping and boiling and I only silently watched. Not saying a word.

"I didn't know you could cook." I slipped out, after the silence grew uncomfortable.

In truth, I had wanted to walk away immediately he deposited me on top of the kitchen island. But somehow, I found myself slowly captivated by his knowledge of food items, that I unconsciously allowed myself to watch him to the end. And now I was utterly impressed that he could really cook. He had already gone half way with the sauce, which smelled divine, by the way. My stomach, rumbling. He infused some red wine into the blood-red tomato sauce. And there was some pasta boiling in the pot.

"We didn't always have servants for a decade, you know," His tone dripping with sarcasm. A boyish smile tugged the corners of his lips.

Our gazes held, tumbling my insides. Flustered, I tore my eyes from his and immediately snagged them on his exposed forearms. His burnished fair skin, manly and strong. The veins, bursting with life and I wondered what it would be like having them against my naked skin. I shook that thought away. Then my eyes caught sight of a tattoo inside his left forearm. An outstanding tattoo of an image of the Blessed Virgin standing over a pair of strikingly green eyes. They were like a lady's eyes. I leaned in closer to have a better look.

"Your tattoo, it's...extraordinary." I complimented, sincerely.

"Thank you," he said, absently. He drained the pasta and put the cooked chicken pieces and some spices in the stewing sauce, filled with vegetables.

After a long pause, whereby I already thought I had probably overstepped with my comment, he spoke.

"They are my mother's eyes." He turned off the stove and grabbed some plates. *I should have known that*, I thought inwardly.

Serving the food, neatly and efficiently, he continued. "We were all asked to put on some tattoos. Something...extraordinary." He said the last bit with some bitterness in his voice. I was puzzled at the tone. "And I chose this one." He continued, watching me with expressionless eyes as he placed two plates of food before me.

Though his eyes gave nothing away, I could detect a hidden emotion beneath. I studied his expression briefly, wanting to ask who the 'we' were. Instead, I picked up the fork from the food closest to me, getting some mouthwatering pasta. As the food came into my mouth, I closed my eyes and all my anxiety and indignation simply vanished for just that moment. The food, a burst of savory flavors, was completely delicious. And I was unable to do more than just eat, until my plate was cleaned.

When I ate it all, I looked up from sated eyes and found Levi watching me, in amusement. Growing embarrassed at how shamelessly I had just acted, I fished for something to say.

"You can have my plate." He smiled, cutting into my thoughts. Flustered, I shook my head.

"I can't eat another bite as much as I would have wanted to." I smiled. At the same time, burping. Levi chuckled, earning a smile from me.
Nodding his head in understanding, he dug into his own plate. Silently we sat down, each deep in thought.

Later, Levi carried me upstairs to our room.
Rather than protest, I surrendered to him. Clutching him tight, my eyes watching his handsome profile.
###chapter 27: You Are My Queen...
***Levi.***

Inside the room, I slid her down my body, gently. Our gazes locked.

I locked the door and came to stand before her. So close, her scent mesmerized my senses.

Taking all her clothes off, until she was naked before my eyes, I shifted back a step and raked lazy eyes over her beautiful body. She was gorgeous! My Nymph! Mine to behold. Her hips, widely spread, full breasts and her large nipples, bare for my vision. My groin tightened in delicious pleasure.

Gently, I wrapped my fingers around her wrist and pulled her towards the bathroom.

We reached the bathroom and I silently undressed. My massive cock, hard for her. I raised my eyes to hers and saw her swallow. I smiled, hoping she wasn't frightened. I was large, I knew that. Women I had had before usually stretched for me. At 6 ft 2 inches, I always had any other woman with nothing attached. But with Kenya, I found my heart reacting in ways I had never experienced. My body excited to see her. Being with her.

I sauntered towards her and turned her around, pressing her towards my front. My hard cock, prodding the divide of her beautiful broad arse. I trailed lazy fingers along her arms, her sides. Her satin skin, fevered beneath me. She was reacting to my touch. She lulled her head to the side and I kissed her long, elegant neck. I grazed the shell of her ear. Pulling away, I led her to the enormous tub, steam filling the bathroom.

She stood there, gazing at the water. Hesitant. I sensed her fear and went to the water. Testing it.

"Come join me. The water is still warm." I turned to face her.

She hesitated a bit. But she held my gaze and came over.

The water rippled as she entered, our skin glistening as we stood in the water. I reached her, picked up the lavender wash and washed us both, intimately.

In the bedroom, I sat her before the vanity. Walking to the closet, picking up a black lace and silk dress.

I stood behind her, as she gazed at me from the mirror. Her naked skin glowed under the light. I wish I could read her mind. I pulled out a drawer of the vanity and jewelry sets I got her glimmered. Diamonds, sapphires, rubies. Slipping the dress over her body, I said.

"A beauty. That is what you are. Delicate. One to be celebrated," I whispered, softly. My fingers trailing the hot skin of her arms, neck and jawline.

"You are Aphrodite. You should always be draped in silks and swathed in diamonds."
I carried one of the diamonds. It had intricate gold vines and a diamond gemstone. She touched it.

"I don't need all these," she muttered. I came around and knelt before her.

"Indulge me, Kenya." My eyes glimmered with adoration. "Just for this moment, I am your pliant slave and you..."

"Me what?" She whispered, expectantly.

I smiled, "You are my Queen."

Her lips parted. Her breath uneven. Her eyes glassy with desire.

"I want you to have me, Levi."

Her request, simple. Yet it charged an intense desire, so strong that I wondered if I remembered how to breathe.

"You don't know how much I have wanted to hear that all day." My words caressed her.

Lowering my lips to hers, I claimed her mouth in a hungry kiss. A kiss laced with an undercurrent of my desire. Kenya's kiss had an equal fervor. She moaned. Her fingers, shaking.
Rising, I carried her in my arms and led us to the silk-covered bed. Not breaking the kiss.

We kissed hungrily. The passion deepening. I ripped her dress. She gasped in horror.

"You have more in the closet, trust me." I teased. God, I liked how she wanted me. How her body yielded to me. She was a tease.

Pulling the ripped dress lower, I resumed the kisses. My fingers found her nipples. She hissed, as I pinched one nipple. Then moved to the other. I increased the intensity of the pinch. Squeezing and nipping. She moaned, cried. Squirmed. Her sounds sent jolts to my already engorged cock. Her fingers scratching me. I bunched up her dress and trailed my fingers along one thigh, inching closer. Until I reached the middle of her thighs. Bare and ready as I expected.

"You're wet for me..." I whispered, the words brushing against Kenya's skin.

She didn't need to answer. The answer was damp on my fingers. I sucked both her nipples. Starting out weak at first, before the intensity increased. My deft fingers, found her wet, sweet puckered pearl, stroking it in rhythm to my sucks on her nipples. A feeling of waves rippled through me. I was greedy for more.

She cringed and moaned to my wicked acts. I gave a throaty groan, pleasure fully ignited in me. Her hips rocked to the rhythm of my fingers, her cum flooding my fingers.

I lifted her dress and lowered myself to her wet, warm center. Her scent, tangy, savory. In one lick, my tongue feasted on her. Eating her. Tasting her. She was sweet.

Kenya cried. Her head writhing. I drank her in. Sucking. Stroking with my tongue. Circling. She tasted of tang and sweet and salt. She even spoke French. My little wife spoke French.

I felt her quicken. Her passion was reaching its heights, and I was at its door, ready to drink her all in.
"Levi!" She cried. Finally surrendering to the throes of passion. Her nectar gushed with life as it spilled into my waiting tongue.

"I would have drunk you fully, but I need you wet for me to have you whole."

"Have me...?" She whispered.

I smiled. My eyes tender as I watched her, kissing her. I nudged her legs apart, settling my cock at her entrance.

"This would only sting for tonight, my Queen. Tomorrow, and forever, will be pleasure."
###chapter 28: Surrendering...
***Kenya***.

Somehow, those words made me less confused. Even the apprehension that suddenly surfaced, dissipated. I nodded my head in understanding and let myself relax.
I had never gone this far with any man before. I had been kissed twice by boys in high school. Actually, on both occasions, they had asked me to pay them, so they could kiss me. I never asked for a kiss in high school again. *I just remembered that. Wow! The doctor was right.*

Raising one of my legs, Levi positioned himself before my wet entrance. I trusted him.
He guided his fingers into my wet entrance, toying subtly with my delicate pearl, until I cringed and moaned again.

Kissing me softly, he guided himself slowly and painfully, through my pliant entrance. I whimpered as my sheath, tight, warm and so soft, stretched. Pain searing through. But I continued to trust him, because I knew he had me. I was safe. And when he reached my barrier he intensified the kiss, distracting my pain with his fingers on my pearl again.

Pleasure from those fingers, I felt him deftly thrust. Fully buried to the hilt within me.
I screamed, but it was swallowed in Levi's kiss. My whimpers muffled in his breath. My eyes were clutched tight from the agony I felt being invaded whole for the first time. And my body trembled. He had tactfully held my hands above my head, knowing that I was going to struggle, once he went in. And only now that he was fully inside me did he release me to find my pearl again. I shook beneath Levi, tears rolling down the sides of my face. Even as he continued to hold on to the kiss. All the strength in me to fight was gone. All pleasure drained.

Finding my pearl again with his fingers, Levi began quiet strokes, and soon I began to relax again. My hips rocked to the rhythm of his fingers. I had seen his cock earlier, and I had wondered how all that was to enter me. Large, full and beautiful. Now it was buried in me.

I suddenly remembered his vow at the wedding and I wondered if this was what he meant, that I would never lack even his attention.

He resumed moving himself within me with his cock. Mimicking the strokes of his fingers. Thrusting. Stretching me fully and at the same time, rolling inside me. I rocked my hips, dancing in rhythm to his moves, innocuously. And soon, something unbidden, that threatened to rock me whole, mounted within me. I panted softly, moaning as the swirls of ecstasy climbed me. I was engulfed whole. He was my pleasure. This was everything in one; sweet, painful all at once. And I couldn't find the sense to stop. I didn't want to stop. I was surrendering. Wishing this never ended.

Levi kissed me some more and continued to thrust himself at a slow pace within me, knowing that my body was still getting used to him. He was completely gentle. Patient as he led me on. Even when I knew that it was my first time. I was moving my hips to his rhythmic pace. Pleasure mounted within me. Threatening to burst through me any minute. I felt myself reaching the point I had reached when he sucked me. Clenched his tongue to my pearl. And pleasure soared inside me. Levi played this out longer and slowed his strokes some more. I was ready to touch the top, and he increased his strokes and added his fingers. Circles and strokes and circles. Not leaving any stone unattended.

"Levi...Levi...I can't hold on...I want to...I want..." I cried repeatedly, uncertain of my needs. Kissing him deeply, my cry a plea to him, Levi leaned into her ear.

"Come for me, Baby. Just surrender..." He breathed. He groaned.

His gasps came rapidly now. His breathing uneven. And without a second thought, I found my release and allowed myself to unwind around my husband. My cry of release earning him a release of his own. Drawing a guttural cry of satisfaction from his lips, my name, a sweet plea on his lips as he spilled within me. His cock throbbing.

We clung together like that, after we were spent. Sheen of sweat on our bodies. Levi sprawled on top of me, as we relished in the moment. His skin, soft and manly. Warm and sweet. Pulling himself slowly out of me, he lay on his back on the bed and hauled me closer to him. Exhaustion washed over us.

"When did you learn French?" Levi asked, after our breathing had evened.

Inhaling softly, I replied, "French was one of my favorite subjects in high school. And when we reached Manhattan school of the arts, we were all asked to add a foreign language to our classes."

"You remembered that part of you." Levi observed, smiling above my head. I shrugged.

"One more question. How did you remain a virgin until tonight?" I wondered if he had been curious to know since he first discovered this part of me. But there hadn't been any chance for us to be alone. And now, it just felt right to know.

"My virginity had been my only asset, I guess. Something that I had come to treasure, considering my limp and how others saw me." I smiled. I was remembering some things. That was something. The doctor had assured us of my gradual recovery a week back when we had spoken over the phone. At least this was something.

"You remember this part of you," he said, triumphantly. I had been so sad when I had struggled to recall certain bits of me after the incident. And now, I was at rest, knowing that I would fully recover someday.

"I don't know if it's a memory thing." I shrugged again. "Some things are just ingrained in you, from the day life gets exposed to you." I smiled again.
###chapter 29: My Anchor...
***Levi.***

I found myself inside a dumpster, my refuge for so long that I had lost count of time.

Only the smell of rotten flesh and blood assaulted my nostrils. The lid, far away. Fear gripping me.

Alarmed, I started gasping for air, struggling to escape the crush of the broken bodies that buried me. I yelled, but my voice was choked. A bloodied rag gagged me.

Helpless, I reached my feet for the wall of the dumpster closest to me. Pounding against the wall, the soft thud of my feet echoed around me. I whimpered. My body trembled uncontrollably.

Just when my feet slackened, a voice called me. First, I thought it was my imagination. But the sound came again, and he expectantly raised my head, grunting. Then the lid opened and light streamed in from outside, dazzling my eyes.

Calling my name softly, standing on the surface was no other than Kenya. Her face was bright, like an angel of light as she smiled down at me. She was dressed in her wedding garment, giving a tender look at me. I gazed at her, bewildered.

"Give me your hand, Levi." She requested, cautiously, extending what I recognized as her wedding veil.

Her eyes penetrated me. Tearing down walls that I had built around me. Somehow, I was a fifteen-year-old boy again. My hands young as I instinctively extended them, grabbing the veil. Though I doubted it's tensile strength, I found myself eagerly grasping the veil. Hoping that it would pull me out of this sunken abyss. Fresh waves of hope inundated me, as I was pulled into a radiant light. *Kenya*.

"Kenya." I muttered, my eyes abruptly opening. Evidence of dawn streaming in.

My body quivered in the aftermath of the familiar vision as I lay in bed, wrapped in sheets. Thank God it was a dream, I breathed, sitting up on the bed. The same dream I had since I was an adolescent. Only this time, the face of my rescuer became distinct. *Kenya, his wife*.

Sighing deeply, I swung my legs around the bed. My toes curled taut at the tension that surged inside me. I tried to rein in my emotions, but a familiar fear, gripped me.

*"Think of beautiful things, my love,"* my late Mum's voice echoed inside me, like it used to when the nightmares started.

Instinctively, I pushed the nightmare, fishing for anything pleasant.

Then, like a gust of air to a dying fish, the scent of my wife filled me. A certain peace inundated me.

Realizing my surroundings, I looked at the bed and found her spot empty. In my bid to escape the hellish dream, I hadn't realized my surroundings. Only a blotch of crimson graced her sleeping spot.

*Where was she?*

Rising to my feet, I decided to go for a run. A welcome distraction.

Outside, dressed for a run on the sandy beach in a pair of navy blue nicker joggers, matching sneakers, my bare sculpted torso and shades, I broke into a run. A couple of girls watched me as I ran. But my heart was elsewhere. Having that effect on women, since forever. Even with my status, I still turned heads. My toned body, always in perfect form. My personal trainer always kept track of my fitness. That's what I paid him for, right?

I ran a great distance, the sun warming my burnished skin, which I inherited from my mum's side of the family.

I arrived at the beach in no time, with others exercising on the beach.

When I first had that nightmare, I had been new in the world I had found myself. A world filled with darkness. A darkness that had slowly swallowed me whole, leaving nothing behind.

Over the years, I had seen the darkness as an extension of me. My shadow. My refuge.  Slowly, the nightmares became my identity. An embraced life.

But this time, my body didn't wish to accept the nightmares. Something in me suddenly protested. I wanted to hang on to the anchor of light I had seen in my dream. I wanted to banish the darkness. Kenya, my anchor.

Running, my chest burning from the exertion, I found myself slowing as an enthralling sight halted me.

My wife, dressed in a pristine wispy dress, danced a few steps ahead. A small audience gathered, watching her, oblivious to her.

Fascinated, I took leisurely steps in her direction. Catching a whiff of her scent mixed with the sea breeze, as I drew closer. My stirred senses, sending jolts of electricity through my body.

Memories of our steaming passion the previous night, flooded back. Pleasure sent to my core. Kenya was a soft sight for my tormented soul. The sun's rays splayed around her, in combination of her innocuous appearance, gave her an ethereal look. An Angel of light, like my dream.

No audible sound as she danced. But she had on a pair of white ear pods. Pride soared in me, as she danced. Even the sands fell to her feet. The small crowd, enraptured.

Just then, she missed a step, tripping to the floor. Gasps went round, as I rushed to her side in no time. Alarmed, I lowered myself to the ground, checking her for any signs of pain. I saw the look of surprise in her eyes.

Slowly, I raised us both to our feet. Her body felt so soft and right beneath my fingers.

"Are you alright?" I asked tenderly.

My full height towered over her. She was beautiful, even at this time of the morning. No makeup on. Her hair, in a bun, was soft and moist, with traces of curls. Her sun-kissed skin glowed. Or was it the morning after glow? I mischievously smiled.

Helplessly, I found myself closing the distance between us. I lowered my lips gently to hers and claimed them in a sensual kiss. She yielded. Her lips parted of her own accord. Delectable, mine to relish, forever.
###chapter 30:  A New Identity...
***Levi.***

The world faded as we kissed. Just us two.

Slowly, Kenya pulled away from the kiss, just enough to whisper. "Last night changed nothing, Levi."

Her voice ran cold as it mingled with my breath. I stared at her, expressionlessly. Then smiled darkly.

"But it did, Baby. You only need to accept it." I trailed a finger tenderly against her face. I sniffed her desire. My gaze heated. My groin protesting.

Her eyes widened, perhaps betrayed by her own desire. She pulled back.

Without another word, Kenya retrieved one of her earpods from the floor where it had fallen. Then she walked in the direction of the house. Leaving me and the wisps of her scent.

I returned an hour later and was informed by Tamar, just before I mounted the stairs, that Kenya had gone out. Apparently, she hadn't informed Tamar of her intended destination. I frowned.

Proceeding upstairs, rage boiling in me at her tenacity, I made a clipped call to Blake. A few minutes of impatient pacing and my phone buzzed with an incoming text.

***Blake***: "*Mrs Ruthford is at her mother's place. Arrived a few minutes ago in a cab with a number plate; MLB737. Would you want me to have someone watch her, Sir?"*

Relieved, I sent a clipped reply.

***Me***: "*No. That will be all. Thanks, Blake".*

Satisfied, I proceeded with taking a cold shower. The running water easing me.

***

***Kenya***.

*'But he is not who he claims to be*,' a voice had shrieked in my head when Levi kissed me earlier on the beach.

I had buried that voice of reason last night to receive him whole. To delve into the wells of passion that he had carved. Betrayed by my body. However, I couldn't live with such a man. A murderer. A monster.

"Sweet heart. You should be honeymooning, rather than staying with me for as long as you have." Mum teased. Her whisper breaking my thoughts.

A knowing smile crossed her lips, as the other five women in the room chatted. 

I smiled nervously. My eyes settling on her vase of roses.

I had already lost track of how long I had been here and I didn't even care. Anything to avoid the befuddling presence of Levi.

It was Mum's Wednesday Bible Club meeting with her friends. And they had just finished the meeting, proceeding to refreshments. Mum had wanted to beam
about my new wedding to her friends the moment they entered the house. But I had protested. Reminding her of Levi's need for privacy.

Raising my eyes to the women seated around us, all delighting in the mini chicken sandwiches and steaming coffee, I wondered how they would take the news. I didn't even want to be congratulated.

"Kenya darling." A voice broke into my thoughts. I turned my head in time to see Mrs Ramirez, offering a delightful smile. They all got to know each other when Mum moved here.

"I saw your remarkable dance on television. The way you danced and leaped on stage. It was explosive!" The woman beamed.

"Yes, Kenya." Another woman, Mrs Fitzgerald agreed. "As a matter of fact, as soon as your mother told me you were around, I wanted to come congratulate you myself. I wish you were resident in Malibu. I would have asked you to tutor my 16-year-old daughter."

I forced a smile. *If only they knew the truth*.

"Is it true you are in a relationship with Mr Ruthford, that handsome Senator aspirant?" Mrs Cliff blurted out, unexpectedly.

A silence fell across the room as the women gazed at me in anticipation.

I fumbled for words.

"Ladies, we aren't here to gossip about my daughter now, are we?" Mum broke in. Her words sent the others to discomfiture.

But I wasn't a little girl anymore, who hid behind Mum's apron. A memory suddenly flashed through my mind. I was bullied in the playground and running to Mum, crying. She held me tight. I was happy that memory surfaced. A past pain I used to feel from being bullied.

I smiled, holding on to the pain.

I was a woman now. Married, whether I accepted it or not. And I was responsible for all my actions. I needed to stand up for myself, once and for all.

No more bullying Kenya. No more scornful words from others, making me cower in the corner. I needed to stand above this and find leverage. Emboldened by those thoughts, I spoke.

"It's no problem mum." I was calm.

My eyes suddenly flicked at my wedding ring, which I had carefully concealed because of the ladies. Fingering the large, princess-cut diamond, I spoke. My voice, shaky with unprocessed emotions.

"As a matter of fact, Ma'am, we are in a relationship."

*Gasps*.

Even Mum held her breath. My boldness stemmed from memories of my steaming passion with Levi the previous night.
A passion, a burning that existed between us, which I could never deny.

"As of yesterday, I became the wife of Levi Ruthford. I'm sorry my mum didn't let you all know. My husband and I wanted discretion." I shook inside.

I turned a gaze to Mum, who watched me with pride and tear rimmed eyes. Mum's smile me. Tears pooled round my eyes as I realized two things:

First, I had never been this bold my entire life. And second, Mum had been right when she had confessed to Levi the suffering I had endured as a little girl.

Because for the first time in my life, I wasn't an object of pity. At this moment, I was an object of intrigue. A testament to something borne out of nothing. Instead of being mocked, I was appreciated. And it thrilled me. Even though I reviled my husband and the entire marriage, there was a silver lining to all this; I was going to carve a life for myself. A new identity, worthy of envy and admiration. A new Mrs Levi Ruthford.
###chapter 31: Secret Wedding At Malibu!
***Kenya.***
*Evening...Same day.*

6 PM. A long time had passed since I left the house, hours ago. I was exhausted.

After the cab left, I checked my phone for any missed calls from Levi. None but messages and missed calls from my friends. Disappointed, I knocked the door.

Entering the house, I was greeted by an odd tension. *Something was off*

I walked further in, Levi's voice and another, mumbling. I came to stand in the doorway of the living room, pleased to see Blake alive and well. I thought he would have been vaporised by Levi or something. The TV blared with a news item.

"***Levi Ruthford's Secret Wedding at Malibu!"***

***"Our sources revealed that Levi Ruthford was seen with his new bride, both brandishing their wedding bands in the Malibu sun."***

The face of the news anchor, gave way for a photo of both of us in a passionate kiss earlier in morning at the beach.

I gasped, catching the attention of my husband. I wondered how he had heard the sound. Was he expecting me? A deep smile split his handsome face, as he extended a hand to me. I yielded to the pull, holding his emerald gaze. My short pale blue, thigh length dress, teasing my bare thighs. I drew close and
his hand possessively held the small of my back. His signature bergamot and citrus scent, teasing me.

"Hello Blake." I greeted. I remembered that awful night at Dave's office.

"Pardon me, Mrs Ruthford. A good evening to you as well. I am sorry I didn't hear you come in." Blake greeted with a warm smile, his eyes holding something there. Apology or regret, I wasn't sure. I nodded, trying to dispel my distaste for both men.

"When did you come into Malibu?" I asked.

"Oh, hours ago, Mrs Ruthford"

"Please, call me Kenya." I cut in, softly. I caught a brief unreadable look pass between Levi and Blake.

"Am afraid I can't do that, Mrs Ruthford." Blake admitted apologetically. Levi spared me a warning look. Then he turned to the Television. The air, thick as I grew incensed . He was controlling my life.

"Forgive me for not getting you a wedding present as the wedding came very abruptly." Blake's voice broke into the ice.

"I would like to use this chance to congratulate you." He smiled.

I forced a smile. Levi piped up the volume, ending the conversation.

***"The new Mrs Ruthford is no other than the latest belle of the Manhattan theater, the former Miss Kenya Anderson. An employee of Byron's dance company, owned by Dave Byron. Our sources tell us that she equally works at a small dance school, J'aime, owned by Claudine Bark, which was recently gutted down by fire."***

A photo of me dancing with little children at the dance school, filled the screen.

"How did they get these?" I muttered, shocked.

"We've managed to track down the persons at the beach that took the shots." Levi revealed, crisply.

I could sense his palpable tension in our entwined fingers. I feared for those persons.

"What would you do to them, Levi? Am sure they had no idea what they were about." I desperately pleaded.

Levi paused and gave me an intense gaze. His eyes searched mine and I wondered if for once he recognized my pain. My fear.

"I wouldn't do anything out of the ordinary, Kenya. I promise."

Levi assured, softly. I breathed easily. He pulled my palm and kissed inside it. The warmth from his soft lips tingled me. Evoking last night's memories.

Blake cleared his throat, interrupting the spell.

"The law suit against them might not be the only solution, if I may add. The phones haven't been off the hook since this broke out. Trying to curtail the press, as well as pacify the party members, Sir." Blake stared with keen eyes at the both of us.

I suddenly wondered if that was the reason my phone had been buzzing this evening at Mum's place. Choosing to hide from the world, I hadn't given a thought to my phone, except for when I had scanned the screen for any missed calls from Levi. I flushed.

"What do you suggest?" Levi asked, interested.

He pulled me closer.

"Well, I suggest you both prepare yourselves for a welcome party tomorrow at New York." Blake started, catching our attention.

"A formal wedding reception, where you would both be formally introduced as a couple to the world. The ballerina and the Business man that fell in love. Everyone will be appeased."

We flashed a knowing look.

*Fell in love?* I frowned.

*Our story was far from that. Deceit. Secrets. My stolen life. Nothing more.*

"It's perfect." Levi's voice came in soft. I turned a sharp gaze to him.

"But it's not." I squeales. "We have no love between us, Levi. We would be lying." I protested. Levi tensed and turned to Blake, who stood mortified.

"Would you see to all the arrangements, Blake and leave us for now." Levi demanded, his eyes boring into me. Blake nodded and exited the room.

"Come with me." Levi ordered, his voice cold. I turned a defiant gaze to him. "Please." He added. I hesitated a bit, before I nodded.
Leading the way, Levi wordlessly took me upstairs. Our shows echoing in the halls.

When we entered the room, I couldn't help but feel nostalgia from last night.

"I don't want to be here." I pleaded. The sound of the lock clicking turning me to face Levi, who stood menacingly in front of the door. Slowly, he closed the distance, taking his black long sleeved shirt off. His tattoo, flashing angrily.

"What are you doing?" My voice came above a whisper. My breath catching in my throat as I hungrily watched him. Levi was silent, tossing his shirt. His bare torso, toned. Hot.

Taking measured steps, he stood before me. Pressed against me. I struggled. My body already too weak to resist him.
###chapter 32: Punishment...
***Levi***.

"You." My voice came out hoarse. I pressed my forehead against hers. "You have been a very naughty girl. And you deserve to be punished for it," I said.

"What do you want to do to me?" She asked, alarmed. Her voice, shaky. A seductive smile crossed my lips. She quivered beneath my touch. My gaze darkened.

"This is for leaving the house without informing me." I kissed her on every word. She moaned and whimpered.
"And this is for protesting against our union. Especially in front of Blake. Not to talk of wanting him to address you so informally." I kissed her again.

This time I carried her from the ground, her legs wound round my waist. The kiss, intense. Hungry. I craved her. She was my existence. Her moan made me inwardly smile. Her response, my torment.

Reaching the bed, I placed her on the red silk covered bed. I lay her flat as we both kissed eachother greedily. Our hands, eager. Our touches clumsy, as we tried to satisfy our urges.The intensity of desire, scorching as we kissed. I could smell her arousal, hot and warm for me.

Then I licked her jaw line, nipping and biting her, while my tongue trailed lower.

I turned to her puckered nipples and sucked each one as I pulled her dress lower. She cried softly, writhing and squirming. I bunched her dress around her waist, not breaking the kiss. I lowered my head to her waist, kissing her as I climbed higher. Drinking her arousal scent in. Savory, heady. I kissed her black lace panties, taking time to look at it.

"Is this one of the set I got for you?" I whispered.
She nodded her head. I soared with excitement at that confession. I had hand picked the lingeries for her at an 'A' list's store, on the eve of our wedding.

Satisfied, I lowered my head and shifted her panties. Her opening, a sight. I licked her warm, wet center. My tongue stroking and sucking her. Circles and licks.
She writhed and cried. Rocking hips to my strokes.

Her cum flowed like juice into my mouth and I didn't stop until I had her writhing and begging. Her cries of my name, a plea to my singed soul. My cock jumped in my black trousers from her reaction. Inserting one finger inside her pussy and the aftermath was a flow of cum.

***

***Kenya***.

I rocked my hips. My lips dry, my gasps rapid. My body tormented. Writhing, surging with pleasure, I cried Levi's name. A plea.

Surrendering, I allowed myself heave the first surge of pressure that buckled me. I quickened inside as he pulled back his finger and thrusted in. The finger deftly found my spot, my juicy center.

My body surrendered as he latched to my clit, drinking me in. Pleasure tingling me. My cum, flowing, endlessly.

As I crashed and prepared myself for the invasion of his large cock in my center, just like the previous night, I felt a chill instead. A shift in the atmosphere. Climbing down the clouds of ecstasy, my senses returning, I raised my eyes to see Levi standing there, watching me from hooded eyes.
I timidily caught sight of the bulge in front of his trousers. Then I lifted my gaze back to him.

"Aren'tAren't you gonna"

"Finish what I started?" He finished for me. I nodded, shyly. A mischievous smile crossed his lips.

"This is your punishment for being a naughty girl." He supplied. I stared blankly.

"I I don't understand." I sat up on the bed. Hoping that he was teasing me.

"You desire your release, don't you?" He fixed a dark gaze on me. His eyes raking my body. "I desire a true union with you. A passion filled marriage. A peaceful co-existence. And whenever you give me half measure, I would give you the same." He revealed. His words stung me as realization hit me. My body went rigid with shame.

Wordlessly, Levi walked out of the room, grabbing a fresh shirt on his way out, without giving me a glance.

The door shut, startling me. I had thought that I would hurt him. That my subsequent actions against him would cause him displeasure. Rather I was the one that received a sting.

**Levi 1: Kenya: 0**

How was I to hurt him if I couldn't even determine where he'd hurt?

Because for me to succeed in hurting Levi, to cause him misery just like he had caused me; I needed to unravel him. To undo him like a puzzle, like a mystery. Bit by bit, until I reached his center. Until I shattered him from within.

Choking back a sob, I screamed into a pillow, frustrated. Frustrated at how much I craved him, despite my detest for him.
Remnants of my desire still coursed through me. I rolled on the bed, fighting back my tears. But they kept rolling in. The pain raw in my heart. I didn't like how I craved him, despite the depravity that was Levi. And yet, I had a deep burn within me for him. Sending my body into a frenzy.

Sobbing, my phone buzzed within my purse beside me on the bed, where I had tossed it earlier, as we kissed. Highlighting the screen, I saw series of calls and chats. As I distractedly scrolled through the missed messages; most from Andrea and my other colleagues asking if the news was true, I saw a fresh message pop from an unknown number. Curious, I opened it.

***Unknown Number***: "*Hi. I saw your beautiful photos at Times Square a couple of days ago. You are beautiful, did you know that? Good night."*

I futilely searched the caller's I.D. It came out unregistered. Staring at the message, I couldn't help but be drawn to that harmless confession. It filled me with something different. Like a moth to a flame, I typed out words.

**Me**: "*Thank you very much."*
###chapter 33: If You Keep Staring...
***Kenya.***

It was Thursday, the following day. About 48 hours since I got married. I should have felt different, like they said a woman did after her wedding, but I didn't.

I gazed through my side of the window at the lush landscape of Irvington village, as the SUV drove us to the Ruthford family estate. Just a few minutes' drive from Manhattan. The beauty of the place as we drove past was remarkable and I couldn't help but watch the landscape unfold, as the car drove through the quaint village. The village was embedded in a gorgeous shelter of towering forest trees that gave me a welcoming distraction. The unique architectural designs, captivating.

Popular for the Hudson river, I couldn't keep at bay the excitement I bore to see the place, since I got to know our destination earlier that morning. I hadn't even been able to hide my excitement from Levi, even though I had tried to mask it. I had caught the glint in his eyes as he had watched my reaction, after informing me. And when I had put back on my wall of indifference, he had simply gone with it.

Sitting in the car now, after alighting the plane, I shifted my focus to my phone rather than my husband's very handsome form beside me. He was dressed in a casual blue 'T-shirt and black Jeans. His black blazer draped over the back of his seat. I couldn't help my admiration for the man, even though I detested him. His freshly trimmed facial hairs. His jet black hair, freshly cropped and tussled, all made him look roguish.

"If you keep staring like that, your eyes will fall out." Levi's teasing voice broke through the silence.

I startled. Heat flooding me from embarrassment. Shuffling in discomfort at being caught, I hastily returned my gaze to my phone. A text came in from Andrea, asking about the style they were to wear for the wedding reception later in the evening. I huffed, irritated at the reminder of my situation. I had invited my entire colleagues, even Claudine and Dave for the party. Mum and Amanda had other prior engagements, so they weren't attending.

My phone hadn't stopped ringing since the news of my marriage to Levi broke last night. And I had said the same thing over and over again that I was sure I had rattled those same words in my dreams last night.

*"Yes, I am now Mrs Ruthford."*

*"Yes, we are in love."*

*"Yes, we are inviting you all for the formal reception."*

I had felt so exhausted, saying those words through my teeth that I had tossed my phone far away to get a decent sleep.

After Levi had ditched me in my aroused state, last night, I had struggled to sleep. Tossing in bed. My body wound up tight from all the burning need of him I felt within me. My body, treacherous. My face still burned from embarrassment, every time I recalled how he had raised me to a state of orgasmic craze, only to leave me to a free fall. My inner turmoil, unabated.

An incoming call from Mum broke my disquieted thoughts, dragging me back to the present.

"Hi mum." I answered, exasperated. Mum's weeping at the other end, suddenly alarmed me.

"Mum, what's wrong, why are you crying?" I asked, alarmed.

"Why didn't you tell me that you had been burgled and gravelly injured in that school of yours a month ago, J'aime." She cried, her voice crippling me. I inhaled deeply, wondering how Mum got to find out. She didn't take bad news well.

"HowHow did you know?" I managed, the grimness in my voice, catching Levi's focus. Our gazes locked.

"I had to hear from the news this morning. Apparently, there was a fire and you had been hurt, to the point Levi had brought you to the hospital that night. The hospital had confirmed it." Mum cried. She felt betrayed. My insides twisted with guilt. I should have confessed to her. Somewhere along the line.

"The hospital shouldn't have done that, mum."

"Is Levi with you?"

"Yes." At her request, I gave Levi the phone. I barely heard all she told him. By the time the phone was returned, she was more soothed.

After the call ended, I turned to Levi. "What did she tell you?" I was helpless.

"She was displeased that I hadn't encouraged you to tell her about the incident, even after the wedding. She was just worried about you." He was tender. He put aside his laptop and focused his eyes on me. My eyes searched his for any evidence of sincerity.

"Just like I assured her." He pulled my palms into his. His warmth, my comfort. "I would handle all this negative publicity. As a matter of fact, my PR team is on it as we speak. And after tonight, everything would turn out alright."

His words would have calmed me. Should have calmed me. And it almost did. With the way he said them, tenderly. They penetrated and soothed me. Sadly, I thought about how much of my life had been disrupted by this one act of his. This unconventional marriage arrangement and I couldn't help but feel sorry for myself. Yes, I was grateful for how he rescued me from Hank and I could never show enough gratitude. But I couldn't ignore the feeling that this man's presence in my world was going to cost me more.

Pulling my hands slowly from his, distaste climbing my throat, I shifted my gaze to the line of trees and buildings that came into view, as the car pulled into Hudson Coast.

A few seconds later, my phone beeped in my lap with an incoming message.

***Unknown number****: "Hey beautiful! I hope you are smiling. I wanted to ensure that you keep your smile on, no matter what."*

*11:20am.*

A small smile crept in.

***Me****: I just smiled. Thank you."*

*11:21am.*
###chapter 34: A Life For A Life...
***Levi***.

The Ruthford estate, one of the luxury estates situated in the Hudson Coast; a 200 acres of land, boasting grand estates owned by Macklesfield Businesses Inc., was a large expanse of deluxe greenery. Rich shelter of tall, old evergreen trees and shrubs, greeted us as we glided in through the gates. It was a magnificent estate, reminiscent of a gilded architecture that once existed in 19th century America. The atmosphere, breathtaking.

I was born here. Lived and grew up here for years, until I was 15 and dad died. Leaving Mum and I on the streets. With no qualifications, money, and family, we had been forced to live in the best place Mum could afford with her little savings. Hell's kitchen.

"Hudson river is just inside those trees." I remarked, distracting those unpleasant memories with Kenya's fascination with the place. Watching her, I was pleased and smiled with relief. I had been holding my breath in anticipation of how she'd take my childhood home.

We sat so close to each other all morning, from the plane to this car ride. Divided by silence and I hated it. Nothing hurt more than the knowledge that I had ruined our once peaceful interaction.
When I told her earlier that we were heading to Irvington, she had worn an unmasked excitement. And I had wondered if she had never seen the place, her entire years being an American. I wanted to take her on a tour around as soon as I could.

Watching her travel her gaze around the surrounding as we stepped out of the car, I was happy to have finally given her joy again.

"How were you able to regain the Ruthford family mansion." She breathed through her haze of adoration.
That took me by surprise. I froze. My mind reeling years back. Years I'd rather forget.

There was a brief pause, one which I pondered how much I needed to reveal to her. It seemed my silence alerted her to my hesitation and she turned to me. Cautious.

"You don't need to tell me. I can guess" She muttered. Around us, staff had already come out to carry in our bags. The sounds of feet crunching on the gravel, not easing the tension. Another black SUV pulled up beside us and Blake along with three of my men all cladded in black suits, alighted the vehicle. Blake sensed the tension between us and excused himself, seeing to the organization of things inside. I watched everything silently. My mask of calm cracking under her gaze. Did she judge me?

Heaving a heavy sigh, I closed the space us. My voice dropped to a low timbre as I stood before her. She was dressed in a simple blue, lace blouse, tucked into white jeans. Broad soled nude colored sandals, graced her feet.

"The Ruthford mansion, like every mansion here, was possessed years ago, by the Macklefields." My voice, cracked with emotions. Our gazes locked.

"They had purchased all these impoverished family owned estates, turning them into their monumental collection. Every estate here was once owned by a reputable American family. Homes lost to liquidation. When I was able to" I paused. My tone grave. "I purchased the home back from Macklesfield businesses Inc., after a few years. That's all you need to know." I stated, sternly. My words echoed nothing compared to what my heart screamed. Because I had gone to hell and back, raising the millions needed to restore my family honor, years ago.

"Mr Ruthford, the president is on line one." Blake broke the crackling silence, filled with unanswered questions. Relief washed over me at the timely interruption. Nodding my head, I turned around and walked in the direction of the house. My heart breaking at the hidden truths that stood between us.

***

***Kenya***.

"He isn't a bad man, Mrs Ruthford." I heard Blake, beside me. Startling me.

I turned a wary gaze to him, my anger roiling at the formality. I was certain Levi had insisted upon it.

"He isn't?" I sneered, my eyes boring into Blake. "He stole my life from underneath my feet, Blake." I grumbled, my heart ripping in my chest.

"Tell me, didn't he insist you remained formal with me?" I asked.

Blake lowered his eyes briefly, before he contritely focused them on me again.

"I am bound by an oath to uphold everything Levi says, Mrs Ruthford. Ours is more than employer-employee relationship. It's rooted deeper than that." Blake revealed. I parted my lips to speak, but failed. The depth of emotion I saw in his expression, unnerving.

"How deep?" I curiously asked, watching him. I needed to know this life I had fallen into.

"A life for a life."
I startled at that declaration.
Saying nothing more, Blake walked in the direction of the house, his words, slicing through the entire ambience of the surrounding that greeted me earlier.

Deciding to dispel the words, their implication and my simmering rage, I took a walk in the direction of the river, following Levi's directives.
I followed the neat walkway, the smell of the river already greeting me and arrived at my destination.

Peace greeted me. A smile of genuine adoration lit my face. My body easing to the comfort I saw. I sat on the lone bench, the spot cool, sheltered by old, tall, beautiful trees.
Lush, green lawn, caressed the bank of the river, evoking earthy tones. The wind, inducing the smell of mud and wetness, the smell of a preserved earth.

Even the flowing water, rushing before my eyes, aroused a sense of freedom that I craved. Rushing without inhibition. I envied it.
There was no debris hindering its flow. It just rushed around the bend, flowing with life. Just like I once did. Now, all that was lost. Interrupted by my very handsome debris, Levi. A man I tremendously craved, day and night.

I watched the quiet scene, tears flowing.

"A life for a life." I echoed, quietly.
###chapter 35: Rights...
  
***Kenya***.

It was 7 pm and I sat in front of the vanity mirror, dressed in nothing but my undergarments.

The room I was in was surrounded by sheer opulence. A room rich in taste, showing Levi's unique sense of beauty. An enormous king sized bed stood in the far corner, draped in nothing but cream colored silk sheets. The polished marble floor of the room and the entire stone mansion, bore remarkable Fleur-de-lis designs. White, cream and grey furniture smothered the room, engulfing it in a calm ambience. The entire set up of the house was captivating.

The burgundy dress that I was to wear for the evening's event, lay on the bed. A shimmering halter neck gown, spotting a deep back and thigh high slit on the left side. The silk dress was remarkable. And Ibcouldn't deny my admiration of it. However, Ibcouldn't ignore the anxiety I felt at standing before the entire country later tonight, asserting Levi as my husband. It was going to be an injustice to me and the world, despite the glaring truth.

The confession or incomplete confession from Blake earlier in the day had rattled me. But I still managed to gather my wits in preparation for tonight's reception. Selecting outfits and jewelry the collection I had been privileged to choose from. Rehearsing the words I was to say with Levi's PR team. They had been so considerate, knowing I was new to this. Yet, I had still felt invaded by Levi.

The hair stylist finished my hair, pulling it into a loose chignon. Small diamond pins held it in place. I looked beautiful. Adorned by my shimmering diamond ruby jewelry set, waiting to slip into my dress; a knock came. The stylist opened the door and a fully dressed Levi strolled in, his gait, guarded. He wore a black tux and a matching bow tie. His hair slicked back as his shining black shoes echoed against the marble flooring. He looked really hot. His emerald gaze heatedly assessed me in my undies. I flushed under the gaze, slipping into an ivory silk robe. He had a file jacket in his hand.

"Would you please excuse us." Levi directed at the stylist. She nodded her head and silently exited the room.

"What are you doing in here? I thought after last night we wouldn'twe"

"We wouldn't what? Share the same room?" Levi filled in for me. I frowned as I saw the hint of amusement in his expression.

"Were you hurt by my actions last night, Kenya?" He asked, drawing closer to me. I backed away and he halted. A grin pulled the corner of his lips. Then he slipped one hand into his pocket, pulling out a thin, long diamond chain. It sparkled in the soft light, catching my eyes. Wordlessly, Levi walked closer to me, lowering himself on his haunches before me. I puzzled.

"I am not here to tease you." He started. He reached for my left thigh, inching my robe higher, until my thigh was exposed. My satin skin glowed. He placed one soft kiss there, the action drawing a gasp from me. He lifted his eyes to me and gave me a knowing smile. Without saying another word, he replaced his kiss with the chain around my thigh. Securely placed, he clasped it.

The cool chain, like his soft kiss, was enthralling. I lowered my gaze to the chain, fighting back the pleasure I felt at the intimacy of the gesture. Levi raised himself to his full height. He pulled the file jacket, which he had tucked beneath his arm moments ago and handed it to me. I looked at it cautiously, not reaching for it. He signaled for me to receive it.

"What is this?" I asked as I revealed the contents of the fleur-de-lis crested black, leather file jacket. There were documents, bank documents, that stared back at me. My eyes caught my name and I gasped in shock.

"Those are documents to your new bank account. Prestige Bank would now cater to all your financial obligations. I have taken the liberty to have some figures deposited it. There is a new unlimited credit card in there for you. Whatever you need to purchase. It's all at your disposal now." Levi announced, coolly. I stared at the papers in disbelief. The figures in the account statement, outrageous.

"I don't need your money." I murmured.

Tears began to blur my vision as the figures danced before me. When I raised them again, I was furious. Offended by the implication of his actions. I wasn't stranded. I was capable of earning my living. l had two jobs, well, If he hadn't destroyed one of them. I knew that men and women in his circle thought people, women of my status, were destitute. And he didn't need to buy my silence, either.

"You don't need to need it. It's yours by rights." Levi sternly disclosed. His expression serious.

"I don't need to uphold any rights with you, Levi. You got what you wanted, so let's leave sleeping dogs be." I spat.

My eyes leaked tears and I saw Levi's gaze shift to tenderness. I yearned to fall into his arms. To cry this out. To be comforted by him. But I fought myself, because I hated him. Because the little I knew about him revolted me. I couldn't be blamed for that. Even though I had encouraged him. Even though I had once desired him. I had caused this for myself.

Levi spoke. "We have an event, tonight. Don't fight me tonight, please."

He closed the space between us, and thumbed my chin. His signature bergamot and citrus perfume, sweetly teased me. But I ignored the feelings. As my eyes watched him, he lowered his lips to mine and pressed a sweet, soft kiss there.

"I'll go wait for you downstairs. The guests have started arriving." He placed another kiss on my forehead and exited without another word.
###chapter 36: You Look Beautiful...
***Levi***.

When I had given her those documents, her declaration that she didn't need my money had shocked me.

In her eyes when she stared at me, I saw something fierce, which ignited a burning desire within me. She was a spirited woman. Determined, defiant and I admired her for that. A woman who wasn't drunk about my position or my name, a first for me. Because the last I remembered, every other woman had been drawn to me because of my name and wealth, good looks aside. So faced with a woman who wasn't in the least impressed by my running figures, still stunned me.

The large ball room was alive with elite guests. An attendance that didn't surprise me, in spite of the short notice. Exquisitely dressed guests came over to congratulate me, unable to stop themselves from enquiring about Kenya who hadn't yet arrived. I couldn't keep my wits intact anymore. I hope she didn't ruin this night for us. Knowing her disposition towards their union, I hoped she would be kind to grace my side as my beautiful wife.

Pleasure swirled my senses as I allowed my mind imagine what she would look like in that dress and that chain. I had been shown her selection of tonight's attire by the designer, earlier today. Her choice, teasing and seductive. Unable to stop myself, my eyes roamed the collection of jewelries that stared at me. And my eyes had caught the tiny, diamond thigh chain. The design, a perfect complement to her outfit. Something to keep my mind reeling all night. Seduced by her radiance when I wore it, I had almost taken her there.

Sighing heavily from the pool of desire that strummed in my trousers, I allowed myself listen to a few of party members that bore my mind. The instant she arrived, I felt it. The atmosphere became charged, with all eyes on her.

The instant her eyes noticed me, she held my gaze. Our eyes locked. A flash of softness and something that bordered around uncertainty, passed those beautiful eyes of hers. My heart soared. She was tremendously stunning and I couldn't help but feel pride at being her husband. My eyes caught the chain, and desire seared in me. She was extremely stunning.

Then I noticed her eyes caught the gazes on her and her gait faltered. She missed a few steps, her limp more prominent and her steps slowing. Without a thought more, I crossed the room and was at her side in no time.

"You look beautiful." My whisper grazed her right ear. One hand possessively holding her.

Guiding her, I took her to greet all the guests that had anxiously awaited her presence.

Cameras clicked as we greeted the guests. I saw mixed feelings the guests harbored. It revolted me, but I kept my emotions in check. I knew some of my associates were prejudicial. Only related with ilks of their class. I didn't give a damn. They dared not air out their opinions, because I owned most of them. They survived on my figures.

There were so many dignitaries; top politicians, business moguls, celebrities that attended the occasion. Even the president and his wife eventually graced the occasion! I saw Kenya's amazement. I think she finally got impressed by me, I couldn't tell.

"Hello William, Grace." I greeted the President and his wife. My eyes holding warmth as we exchanged pleasantries.

"Levi, Levi. You never cease to amaze me." The President teased.

"I thought you both knew each other, yet you couldn't sense that he was already hitched," the first lady said, her eyes tender as she smiled at Kenya. Grace was nice. I saw her sincere adoration for Kenya already.

The president's eyes shifted to Kenya, who stood quietly beside me. "Mrs Ruthford. I am pleased to finally meet you, even though your husband here, never gave us any hint to this surprise." He gave me a knowing smile as he said those words. "You are a delight for sore eyes. I and Grace watched your show on television, after news broke of your marriage. And I must confess, you are a beautiful dancer." The president softly remarked, his fascination vivid. I appreciated that.

"Yes, you are, dear. I was entranced at how you gracefully danced. I am so happy that Levi has finally found a partner. William and I had already given up hope at his ever getting settled again." The first Lady smiled at Kenya.

"Thank you, Mr President and to you, Ma'am. The pleasure is all mine." Kenya responded.

"Please, drop the formality. We are practically related now." The president waved off. "We must get together sometime, you know. Perhaps for a family dinner, one of these days. What say you, Grace?"

"That would be splendid." The first lady agreed, her eyes holding her husband's with such affection. I nodded my acquiescence, my hand splayed on the small of Kenya's back. The idea, splendid.

"Just say when and where, and we'd be there." I declared, smiling warmly.

After regretfully confessing to having other engagements, an orchestra performance, the president and his wife exited the party, followed by a throng of body guards.

"Well, that went well." I muttered as I guided us to get some wine from the bar.

"Levi Ruthford!" We heard a man'sthought voice call. I instantly recognised the voice. When we turned around, two of my favorite people, strolled towards us. My excitement at their presence, explicit.

"Henry Macklesfield!" I eagerly called back.

The couple drew close, my pal and business associate, Henry Macklesfield, and his very beautiful wife, Kirsten. They were both dressed for the occasion. Their matching black outfits and the expensive diamonds that graced Kirsten, signifying the rich taste that Henry and I shared.

As they approached, we exchanged friendly pleasantries, while the women smiled at each other.

After I gladly made the introductions, I remarked.

"Kirsten, you look beautiful." I placed a warm kiss on her cheeks.
###chapter 37: Awful Bride...
***Kenya***.

"Levi, you never stop being a tease." Kirsten remarked, her eyes shifting to me. "Never mind them. You'd soon get to know that the men in our husbands' circle are scoundrels of the utmost degree."

Her husband, Henry, placed a hand on his chest dramatically, feigning hurt. They all laughed. I couldn't help but admire the woman. She was of the same height as me, although slightly curvy. Her hair was braided and draped to her side. A small diamond pin accessorizing it. Her face was really beautiful, her skin a similar hue to mine. Even her husband was extremely handsome. Same height as Levi, with arresting features. Especially his auburn curled locks, golden hued eyes.

"How are the kids?" Levi asked, breaking my musings. I stared at the couple in a new light. *Kids?! They didn't even look it.*

"They are fine. With their grandparents. You know my in-laws now live with us in Canada. My mum has found their relocation a blessing." Henry pulled his wife into him, affectionately, kissing her on the lips. I saw adoration between them, stemmed from pure love. I envied them. Grabbing some flutes of champagne, Levi extended one to each of us.
Seeing Kirsten refuse her drink, Levi followed her gaze to her belly.

"No way! You both are expecting?" Levi gasped in shock, his voice beaming with excitement and disbelief. Both Kirsten and Henry smiled, triumphantly. Levi pulled Kirsten instantly into an affectionate hug. I saw a loyal Levi.

"Congratulations." I finally greeted, after Levi pulled back. Excited for them.

"We just found out this month, after everything we went through with Catherine, the scandal at Dylan's wedding. It was like a drop of sunshine to our lives." Kirsten reached a palm to her husband's face. Kissing him and sharing an intimate moment. The air crackling.

"Catherine was Henry's ex-wife that recently caused an uproar for Henry and Kirsten." Levi dropped his voice to a minimum elaborated. His breath, grazed my ear. *Distracting*.

"She had pulled a scandal at Dylan's wedding- Henry's cousin-from the holding cell, where she was awaiting her trial. And the issue had pulled a strain on their relationship."

"How was she able to do that from the police custody?" I asked, bewildered.

"Her father's connections. Plus she had external help." Henry tightly spat, his hair gleaming under the chandelier.

"Henry." Levi called. "Let's leave the ladies to acquaint themselves, while we go to my office." He suggested, pulling Henry along with him as they walked away.

"I must have a rest from these shoes." Kirsten's voice came beside me. I stared, amused.

"Do they hurt?" I managed. I was mildly intimidated by the woman's charisma. She was perfection in everything; perfect limbs, perfect husband that she loved. And now she was pregnant. Things that I lacked.

"They do." Kirsten turned a studying gaze to me. "For a bride who just got her man, you look awful." Kirsten observed. My gaze faltered. My mask slipped under her penetrating gaze.

Defeated, I breathed. "Is it that obvious?"

"If you count the number of times you disdainfully gazed at your new husband, yes."

I gauged her expression, wondering how much to divulge.

"I don't love my husband." I blurted out. My words, surprising Kirsten a bit. There was a pregnant pause. One where I wondered if the woman saw me as a gold digging bitch. The way others regarded me in the paper and media.
Regaining herself, Kirsten replied.

"If it's any consolation, my marriage to Henry hadn't been a love at first sight." Kirsten declared. I was awestruck.

"How so?" I asked, intrigued.

"I was once married. My late ex-husband had been a brute. Shattered me. Ruined me. Scarred our twins, Louis and Louisa." Kirsten revealed. I raised my brows questioningly.

"Yes, my twins- our kids we just spoke of- weren't biologically fathered by Henry. They got adopted by him, when we married." Kirsten's revelation stunned me, my eyes wide.

"That means this baby is your first together?" I mumbled. The news of Henry loving another's child, unbelievable.

"And he has loved each of us, without inhibition, ever since. There were ups and downs. Days when I doubted his sincerity towards the union. But in all, he is true." Kirsten smiled. She came to sit on a bar stool, urging me to do the same.

"It's not the same, Mrs Mackles"

"Please call me Kirsten. Don't make me feel old." Kirsten smiled, her face lit with mild mischief. I nodded.

"I am not asking you to love him immediately. Just give him a chance. Allow yourself to yield into the union. Enjoy every part of it." Kirsten remarked.

I tensed hearing that. *How was I to do that*? My fists clenched tight.

"Levi stole my entire existence. He forced me, no, *blackmailed* me into marriage."

"*Blackmailed*?" Kirsten questioned, confused.

I weighed how much I could disclose to Kirsten. I wasn't in the habit of discussing my private matters, no matter how dire. But somehow speaking with Kirsten eased me, making me want to unwind.

"He just transferred a ridiculous amount of money into an account he opened for me. Money I don't need." I mumbled. Kirsten nodded her head in understanding. Her eyes lit with amusement. After a moment of silence, she cleared her throat.

"Take this as a chance to re-invent yourself. Like I did." Her words caught me. "My husband did the same thing to me. Changed my life, a 360 degree. Instead of persistently fuming, I used the funds to carry out pet projects that I always dreamed of. I opened a charity fund. One which is already in full swing. *Beauty for ashes."* She suggested. Her words filled me with fascination. A new light.

"Carve a new niche for yourself, Kenya. Don't let this change inhibit you. To enslave you. Be the girl you always wanted to be." Kirsten held my hands in hers at those words. My eyes pooled with tears. I cried.
###chapter 38: She Would Never Replace My sister...
***Levi***.

"I am so proud that you finally remarried." Henry muttered, after swallowing some brandy.

We were in my office, the music from the ballroom down the corridor, filtering in. I nodded, grinning. The office was manly, smelling of polished leather and fine wood. My preference. The soft golden light, offered an opulent air.

"After Belle, everyone thought you had sealed your fate against marriage forever. And Kenya is wonderful."

"Thanks man. That means alot."

"You're welcome. She is a keeper, Levi. Take care of her." Henry warned.

"Did any of my cousins or any of our buddies come?" Henry asked, after a considerable pause.

"Yeah, the Sullivans made it. Clark Sullivan stopped by earlier, but Harrison RSVP'd about other engagements." I sipped my brandy. Henry had an enviable close knit relationship with his family.

"What about Liam?" Henry asked, keenly.

I smiled. "The moment Liam learnt that his father, Kennedy Copeland and his ilk, were invited, he just buzzed out. We can always see each other, it's no issue." We both laughed.

"And Albert?" Henry carefully asked. I paused my sip.

"*Bethel*? Why ask?" I questioned, puzzled. Albert Bethel, a social recluse, never attended these social gatherings.

Hesitantly, Henry revealed. "I recently found out that we are cousins. A cousin to my late biological mother."

"*Who? Marseilles?* But your mother is alive?" I asked, confused. Did I miss something? Last I checked his mum, Marseilles still lived.
A knock came on the door, and I irritatedly asked the person in.

"Benjamin." I froze, seeing Benjamin in the doorway. It was like I had seen a ghost. His face, identical to Belle. I shuddered at the sight.

"Hello Ruthford. Did you miss my name on your guest list?" Benjamin asked, menacingly as he approached. His blonde hair shone under the light as he haughtily stopped before me. I had deliberately omitted his name from the guest list.

"Funny that I had to do last minute preparations to get here." He spat coldly. I stared at him. Refusing to let him bait me into an argument concerning this issue.

"Henry, this is Benjamin Moore. Twin to my late wife, Belle." I introduced, quietly, my eyes locked with Benjamin's. All dressed for the evening, he looked impressive. I turned to Henry, who had a raised brow as our eyes met.

"Benjamin, my friend Henry Macklesfield."

Benjamin spared Henry an imperceptible nod, before he turned back to me.

"I'd leave you both alone, while I go check our wives." Henry supplied as he sensed the tension. I nodded appreciatively to him, as he exited.

Alone at last. "Care for a drink?" I asked, tightly, as I went to fetch some brandy into two glasses.

"Why did I have to find out from the media about your wedding, Ruthford?" Benjamin's voice was dark behind me. I ignored him and poured the drinks.

When I extended one to him, he received it.

Taking a sip, I replied. "I owe you no explanations, Benjamin. I had indulged your opposition to my moving on, because I hadn't found any woman worthy. My marrying Kenya isn't any of your concern." I watched Benjamin's face grimace at my words. Betrayal or hurt. I couldn't say. What was he expecting, that I'd sit forever? Mourning a woman who hadn't even been worth my love.
"I didn't want you to embarrass me, like you did countless times when you saw with women after Belle's death. It has nothing to do with Belle. But everything to do with my life." I was furious, but managed to hold my emotions.

Benjamin sipped the drink, his face expressionless.

"Years ago, when you came to marry my sister, I knew you were untrustworthy. But my parents had accepted you. Because they respected your restoration of your family name. But I saw through you." Benjamin uttered. I frowned.

"It's a shame dad and mum died, before all this. I know you had something to do with my sister's death. But I can't prove it. And so you walk the earth free, while Belle is 6 ft below ground." Benjamin accused.

I glared, wanting to retort. But I chose not to succumb.

I had known that their greed for my new money and fame had led them to accept my marriage with Belle. Because the Moores had been one of the families that had abandoned us, years ago. But I had married their daughter for my political endorsement. And I had fallen for her.

Strolling away from Benjamin, I walked to a shelf that held books and some little figurines. The figurines had been gifts from Belle on our first Christmas as a couple.

"What? You can't answer, because you know my words mirror the truth?" Raw bitterness accompanied those words from Benjamin. It was childish , discussing this.

After a brief pause, I spoke. "Move past this, Benjamin. Someday, I hope you will find peace concerning this. As for my marriage, I have a wife to return to. I wouldn't want to keep her nor my guests waiting long." I stared, hoping this ended here. I came closer to him. "You can stay for the rest of the party, If you wish. But please don't cause a scene for my wife..." Kenya didn't need all this.

He scoffed bitterly. "Wife? Or you mean the helpless invalid you have paraded for all the world to see." Benjamin sneered. I stared at him, horror struck. Blood rushing in my head. My ears pumped. "She would never replace my sister..."

My fist instantly connected with Benjamin's jaw before the next words came out. My blood boiled within me. Rage fueling me. *He dared compare both women*.

I fumed as I punched him until his blood mingled with mine. I didn't even hear any one come in. Only the ringing rage in my ears. And then I felt her hand hold mine. She whimpered.

And I stilled, turning to face the eyes of the only woman that could calm me.
###chapter 39: What Belongs To Me...
***Kenya.***

When I opened the door, I came face to face with Levi pummelling a man on the face.

He had the man flat on the desk, his fists raining down on him. I pushed past the doorway, horrified at the sight. My voice loud, as I called him repeatedly to stop. But he didn't hear me. He continued. At some point I struggled to pull him free, but Levi was too heavy and strong for me. It was like he was in another world. I whimpered, the man's gurgling sounds, breaking me. His face, bloodied. Even Levi's fists were covered in blood. I touched the hand, whimpering at all the blood.

And then he stilled, turning to me and our eyes held for a moment. His softened and I took it as a cue, pulling him towards me. He followed, and I sat him in the chair, while I sat in his lap, holding his gaze.

"You are mad!" The other man dripped with pain and indignation. He staggered to his feet, clutching his bloodied face. We turned to him, and I saw Levi tense again. "I'd have you for this! You think this is over. I am still an American you bastard!" The man sneered as he staggered. Levi glared at him, coldly. His palm still in mine. I rubbed it soothingly, calming him.

"The next time I see you near my tuff, your bloodied face would be the only thing left of you." Levi warned, coldly. I gasped and turned to see the cold stare he wore. It seemed the man got the message as he stood, horror struck. Without saying another word, the man staggered out of the room. Leaving us alone.

The music filtered in, but it didn't banish the tension that remained. I shook in fright at seeing Levi in such a state.
I rushed to open the next door, which turned to be a bathroom. Then I searched the cabinets, until I found a first aid kit.

Rushing to Levi's side, I sat down on the desk, pulling his bruised fist into my lap. I didn't mind the blood, all that mattered was cleaning him up.
Silently, I began cleaning the bruise with some alcohol. No flinch. He only watched me from hooded eyes. His expression, unreadable. I wanted to talk, but I chose to allow the silence, knowing that he needed calmness.

I wouldn't have encountered the scene, if I hadn't been on my way from the restroom, where I had gone to freshen up. On Kirsten's counsel, I had gone to clean my face, from my crying in her presence. In the bathroom, I got a call from Andrea that they had arrived the party, including my two bosses; Claudine and Dave.

So I had finished with reapplying some makeup, before I came back downstairs.
Unfortunately, I lost a turn on my way and found myself searching for the way. Only for me to hear raised voices behind a door. I leaned in, recognizing Levi's voice. I heard the cruel words said by the man and I had shrinked back in mortification.

I wanted to step back, to avoid the hurtful words, then I heard the first punch. And the grunting. It didn't stop and so I pushed the door open, coming face to face with Levi punching a man's face in for insulting me. I was too shocked at first to find ease at his defense for me. Stunned seeing Levi in such ferocity. The rage pouring out in every delivered punch. My heart soared with a twisted mix of ache and pride, seeing him fighting someone for me.

Then my wits came back as soon I heard the man's gurgling sounds and I rushed to Levi's side. Trying to stop him from his bloodshot state.

"You didn't have to punch him like that because of me, Levi." I muttered as I dabbed the hand with some ointments.

He gave me an indiscernible and intense look.

"No one insults what belongs to me," he simply replied. I watched him. The heated gaze in his eyes, already conjuring a familiar spell. His phone rang in his pocket, jolting us.

"Yes, Blake. Get him Moore out. We'll be right there."

I heard him say over the phone.

"Come on. More guests have arrived. Even your friends." We both stared at the hand and he shrugged off my concern. This conversation isn't over.

***

The party ended way into midnight. I had applauded myself for my comportment throughout the party, especially after my encounter in Levi's office.

Levi distractedly attended the rest of the party. His gaze barely taking in everything. For once, I had seen a chink in Levi's stoic demeanor. And the sight tormented me.

I had seen Andrea, my colleagues, Claudine and Dave, all of whom were shocked and excited at my sudden rise in status. Claudine had shown unfailing enthusiasm at seeing me finally married to the man, who had already done so much for her dance school. And Dave, well Dave had only come to congratulate me for not disappointing him. I couldn't help but appreciate their solidarity and had declared my gratitude at their presence.

I had danced with my husband and a few guests at the party. And had even tasted of the rich buffet of delicious foods that had arrayed the refreshment table. Spring rolls, petit fours, small cakes, diced, cold meats; all tasty treats that wet all our palates. In addition, I found a certain ease at the entire turn of events. But I couldn't help but ignore the absence of life in Levi's usually sparkling emerald eyes. Oddly, I had found that I missed that seductive spark.

A deep need for Levi suddenly crawled inside me as I gazed at the mirror, taking down my earrings. Recalling our first night together as husband and wife. I needed him. Desire pooled in my thighs.

Feeling hot at the thoughts, I went downstairs for water.
###chapter 40: The Cave...
***Kenya.***

The house was an enormous, intimidating structure, which had been infused with a mix of old and new architectural styles. Eco-friendly designs graced the house. The entire set up, one of blending the old with the new; a building style, which Kirsten had revealed to me was a unique style of Macklefields' Real Estates. I had instantly appreciated the ingenuity and found the style, truly fascinating.

The stone walls graced with notable art works, loomed eerily as I strolled down the stairs, managing to find the kitchen. I saw Nancy, the housekeeper, of the Ruthford Mansion, writing some notes.

"Good evening Mrs Ruthford, is there anything I can help you with?" Nancy enquired.

"No, Nancy, am just here to fetch some cold water." I smiled. Nancy nodded her head and buried her head back into her task. After having my fill of water, I gazed around the large kitchen, my eyes taking in the sight. The kitchen stood magnificent, with the stone walls giving a touch of the 19th century. Ultramodern appliances, stood in contrast to the stone walls that graced the kitchen. Clean, the silver surfaces shining, I couldn't help but inwardly applaud Levi for restoring this part of his family honor. The house was indeed an enigmatic beauty. My thoughts drifting to Levi, I decided to ask about him, seeing that I hadn't seen him since the party ended.

"Nancy, where is mymm"

"Your husband?" Nancy finished for me, staring at me awkwardly.

I nodded in embarrassment.

"He is in the Cave, Mrs Ruthford. Asked me to see to whatever needs you have, while he is there." Nancy gave a wide smile. I gazed, puzzled.

"*The Cave*? What is that?" I asked.

I hoped it wasn't something I was expected to know, being his wife.

A blush rose in Nancy's fair skin. "Oh, it's just a recreational room where Mr Ruthford and sometimes his friends, relax."

I stared oddly at her, before I nodded. Curious, I ventured. I wondered if it was something sadistic.

"Could you please point me in the direction of the room?" I asked. Perhaps I would be able to find a stable ground to use against Levi. One that could jeopardize his entire existence.

"Yes, Mrs Ruthford." Nancy agreed and led the way.

Following in Nancy's steps, we walked down the corridor. Going down a set of fancy spiral stairs, we came to a hallway, which had doors. Approaching a big door, which Nancy indicated as the Cave. With Nancy bidding her leave, I was left alone. Opening the door, I silently entered the room, whose interior was nothing compared to the simple door that led to it.

The room was the size of a cinema. Padded walls, laced with emerald green covers surrounded the room. There was a section that held a pool table. Other male toys were arranged in different sections of the room. Warm light was evenly distributed in the room, giving it a superiority. I walked further into the room and saw a door that had 'Cinema' on it. Pushing the door open, I walked into a plush cinema. It was a large space. Dark, except for light that streamed from the video that played on the large screen. I walked down the aisle.

Sighting Levi on the front row seat, I strolled to him. My eyes had lingered on the video of a beautiful blonde haired woman and a younger Levi, both playing on the beach. I recognized the beach house and an ache tugged in my chest. I didn't know what to make of the ache. Shrugging it off, I shifted my gaze to Levi. A drink of brandy in his hand, he slouched lazily in the seat. I observed him, his entire focus on the screen. I had mixed feelings about it. He didn't even acknowledge my presence.

"Is that your wife?" I bit back my tongue at those words. He gave no visible reaction. Levi gave no visible reaction. He only dropped the cup and turned off the screen with a remote.

Expressionlessly, he said. "*You* are my wife now." He dipped his hands in his pockets as he stared at me.

"Am sorry that I just interrupted an intimate moment. I wasworried afterafter the argument with that man." I was embarrassed as I indirectly admitted to eavesdropping on their conversation. He maintained his gaze. Unreadable.

"You haven't interrupted anything." He heaved a sigh, rubbing his face with his palms. Exhaustion weighed on his face, I could see it. "Belle, she was" He paused, gauging watching me, keenly. I noticed a flash of something deep inside his eyes. Something lurking there in the shadows, like a hidden secret.

"You loved her, that is why this is so difficult. Who was the man?" I muttered. I held my breath, not wanting to hear his next words. But I knew that I needed to know, for him to have spurted out such words. Levi's expression grew thoughtful.

"I loved her. But it wasn't reciprocated." Levi remarked, shrugging. His expression, one of sheer indifference, surprised me. "That was Benjamin Moore. Belle's twin brother."

I looked at the blank screen, with more clarity. No wonder he had felt that way. It was impossible to see him man as her twin with all that blood on his face.

"You say it so casually."

"If you've lived in my world, certain things about people wouldn't surprise you."

"Is that why you do things without thinking of the feelings of others?" I accused.

Levi watched me, his eyes studious.

"You simply forced me into a marriage, without thinking of your late wife. Without thinking of what her family would say. Without thinking of your wife's memories, insulting those memories." I pressed, watching him, waiting for him to say something. Levi was silent, watching me, meditatively.

Choosing to ignore words, he walked around me and proceeded outside the room. I was shocked at the gesture. Gathering myself, I hastily followed. Matching his steps.
###chapter 41: Forgiveness...
***Levi.***

"You would just walk away? That means you have no remorse for what you have done. Destroying lives." She called from behind me.

I ignored her, coming to a halt in the front of the bar, still in the cave. I reached for a bottle of brandy and poured two glasses. Handing one to Kenya, I took the other for me, sipping it. After taking a generous sip, I went further into the cave and sat on a seat.

"I haven't said a word in my defense because you are correct. I didn't think twice before I married you. The last of Belle's family, the Moores, is Benjamin. Their parents died shortly after our wedding. So I don't blame him for thinking I disrespected his sister, by marrying you. He's still hurting. But I couldn't remain single, when I found you." I fixed my gaze on her.

"He always protested against me having any other affairs after his sister's death. I do not regret my actions." My back was to her as I sat in the plush seat. Kenya came to sit beside me, nursing the brandy in her hand. Lifting an intense gaze to her, I spoke.

"I would do it all again, Kenya." I picked one of her palms and placed it on my chest, the position of my heart. "All over again, just to have you. Just to save you. Taking out Hank. Forcing you into marriage. Going against the entire world. And I mean it, from here." I pressed her hand to my heart. "I only ask that I am granted forgiveness for this sin. Even if" There was pain inside me.

"Even if you don't regard me any longerEven if you" I let my words hang mid-sentence. She hitched her breath.

"Even if what?" Kenya's voice, low, pressed. Agony coursed through me, because I was aware that I had lost her. I had sacrificed too much to have Kenya. And now, I had lost her. If she knew the truth about me. She already hated me.

"Even if you continue to despise me like you do. Even if I don't see that fire in your eyes for me, like you used toIt's enough that I have you. I only ask that you forgive me, someday."

"I don't despise you, Levi." She admitted, softly. I saw through her lie.

"Could have fooled me." I scoffed. "I see the loathe you feel for me in your eyes, Kenya. It's deep." My thumb stroked her hand that was held in place against my heart. The contact was making my head spin.

Pulling her hand from underneath me, she put aside the cup and shifted her gaze. The air seemed thick with the emotion that had suddenly crept into the moment.

"We have been invited for a welcome reception on Saturday by my party members." I informed her, interrupting the thickened air. She nodded succinctly in acknowledgement, allowing her eyes gaze around.

"Are those ppoles?" Kenya asked, astonished.

I followed her gaze, amused as I caught sight of what had gained her attention. Four shining silver poles stood on a large stage, which was lined with black, emerald green and blood-red color themes. Seductive and exotic. Kenya couldn't take her gaze away from the view. I watched her, intrigue over her, as she climbed the stage. Amusedly, I followed her with my gaze. She trailed her hands on the floor, climbing the small stairs that led to the stage. Her hands trailed languidly along one shining pole, her eyes fascinated. I envied that pole.

"Haven't you seen a stripper's pole before?" I asked, coming to stand beneath the stage.
I caught sight of that chain wound round her thigh and desire found its way. A welcoming distraction to all the storm I felt inside.

"I haven't seen them up close before." She admitted, coyly. "I have seen them in movies. And of course we have used bars at our dance studios, but" She trailed off.

I was already beside her on top the stage. Wondering if she had never visited a club. *What life had she lived prior to me*? I wore a dark look, watching her in fascination. I was a shadow in her light. A scarlet in her purity and I would do it all again, if it was to have her for a lifetime.
I walked round a corner and turned on music. Surround speakers came alive, dripping with bass. She startled, surprised.

"Why have you turned on the music?" She muttered when I drew up close. So close I tasted her scent.

"IIwe had a very long eveningI think we should retire to bed." She suggested.

I stalked her seductively, like a predator, gauging it's harmless, prey. I touched her withy gaze. My eyes raked her hungrily. I was down to my crisp white shirt, some buttons lose.

"I don't want to do this, Levi." She pleaded.

"Do what?" I loomed seductively over her, my voice hoarse. "A friend of mine owns a club, Possess. Am flying over to Miami in two weeks. We can attend his club for Strippers' Wednesday." I let my words, caress her. "And you can see all these poles up close." I baited her.

She lifted her gaze to me. Desire already pooled in her eyes, as she watched me with such intrigue.

"Dance for me" I requested, after a moment of loaded pause. A command, subtle, yet powerful. Filled with unspoken desires. Our desires. Our bodies heated with so much promise. I needed her.

"But I don't know how to dance on the pole." She let on. I smiled, pressing her painfully to the pole, our foreheads pressed tight. My body aching for her.

"You don't have to dance on the pole, Baby. Dance for me like you did on your debut." I requested. She inhaled a sharp breath. Suprise in her gaze. I searched her eyes. Wondering her thoughts. Wondering if she could sense my burning desire.
###chapter 42: You Are Mine, Kenya...
***Kenya.***

"How did you know that I danced for you on that night?" I whispered, my hands splayed on his exposed forearms, caressing them.

"You are mine, Kenya. No one knows you like I do. No one ever would." He pulled away, to watch the effect of his words in my eyes. Shifting back, he allowed me some space to dance, knowing that I would accept.

Slowly, I stood on my toes, my limbs stretching to the music. My seam's slit gave and I halted. Frowning in irritation.

"Don't worry about it. I'd buy you another." Levi's soft, deep voice calmed me.

To emphasize his words, he came closer and ripped the slit some more, my thong and chain fully exposed. The thong, a deep red, like the dress. Excitement stirred inside me. My heart thudded as he skimmed his skillful fingers along the chain and my exposed skin. I inhaled my breath sharply, my body ignited in flames.

Holding my hand, he twirled me. My movements turned expressive as I moved in time to the steps that Levi initiated. It was like a tango and ballet, mixed with a touch of contemporary flair, a waltz. Our bodies pressed painfully as we continued to dance. Well Levi wasn't exactly dancing as a ballerina. He was only my anchor.

"That night of your debut, when the ballet boy held you this close." He pressed my body into his, one leg stretched at an odd angle over his bulging front. My core rubbed sweetly against his length.

"He's not a ballet boy, Levi. He is LloydPatrick" My mind was blank, useless, as I was pressed into him. My body wound tight with desire.

*How could I crave this man and at the same time, hate him so?*

"I don't care his name." Levi's voice, was husky. "I wanted to break his fingers, one by fucking one on that night." He growled, spinning me and grinding my butt to his bulgy cock.

Levi suddenly spun me round and my face came against his, and he claimed my lips in a kiss. His breath, smelling of fine brandy, and wine, hanging there, mingling with mine.

"I don't like it when others touch what belongs to me. And you, Kenya Ruthford, belongs to me." Levi swore.

Walking the both of us to a plush red, velvet chair, Levi sat down, with me straddling him. He continued the kiss, slowing the pace to nips and kisses. My core ached, my nipples rigid.

Pulling away, I asked, breathlessly. "I thought after last nightwhen you left thatthat" I grew speechless.

"You were a naughty girl last night." His smile was dark, his voice thick with need. A need that mirrored mine. "Today, you were a wife. A friend. My calm." Each point, he emphasized with a kiss.

"What do you mean?" I asked, my voice hoarse.

He didn't reply, he only smiled, meaningfully.

Levi ground my hips onto his engorged cock, caressing my exposed thighs. He palmed my butt and pressed me closer to him. I was wet inside, my body aching with need. I moaned, gasped, as he rolled his hips. The action making me impulsively rock my hips to his rhythm.

Slipping a deft finger inside my thong, Levi found my wet center and circled my clit. I bit him, my teeth grazing his ear. Levi growled low, his finger increasing the tempo of the circles and strokes as I grew wet for him. Cum leaked out of me, his name my balm.

My first wave of an orgasm soon found me and I fell into his shoulder, clutching him tight.

"Your reward, Mrs Ruthford" Levi announced in a whisper. I stared at him through clouded eyes, puzzled. Levi smiled darkly and shifted me to reach for his fly. He opened it and his hardened cock came free, the hardness enthralling me. My insides pooled with need. Reaching for my thong, he shifted it slightly and kissed me, while he adjusted me to gain entrance into me.

Drunk by his actions, I mentally tried to recall all I had read and watched about this position. It was different for me from our first night of pleasure. Before I could have the time to comprehend, I felt the intrusion of his hard cock and I cried out in pain at the invasion. Still new to this, Levi allowed my body stretch to his size, kissing me and thumbing my clit, as I adjusted to him.

Shaken, raw with need, I began undulated to his rhythm. The pleasure, rippling inside me. My rolling hips sent jolts to Levi's cock, making him thrust in slow strokes.

Soft cries escaped me as his thrusts grew intense, deep. The pleasure swelling over us. He groaned. I moaned. Levi pulled down my dress, my strapless lace corset following next. My bare breasts sprung free. Levi groaned as he leaned in and took one puckered nipple to his mouth, biting it and sucking on it. I gripped him, my sex clenching him. Tight and sweet.

"Levi, II need" I pleaded desperately behind muffled gasps and moans.

"Let go, Baby. Cum for me. Don't hold back." He whispered in my ear, his voice a search light, leading me to the edge of ecstasy. I never knew this position could be so deep, direct to my core. And I found out that I liked the position, a lot.

I came. Hot and heavy. And my cum flowed onto Levi's cock, my pussy clenching him. He gasped and grazed my ear. Nipping and kissing my jawline. His continuous thrusts increased pace. His body going rigid, Levi finally cracked his own release. A guttural sound, escaping him. My name, a desperate plea escaped his lips. Another wave of an orgasm crashed me, as a result.

When our bodies finally returned to earth, the scent of our sex filling the strawberry scented room, Levi kissed my lips.

"You belong only to me, Mrs Kenya Ruthford, never forget that."
###chapter 43: The Ivory Palace...
***Levi.***
***Two days Later...***

Saturday evening came quicker than expected.

We had to leave from our Pent house on 57th Street, to avoid arriving the party late.

My dismay at Benjamin's sore words nights ago, still lingered. And I worried he could spread words about Belle's death that could reach Kenya's ears.
Destroying our relationship further.
I could still feel the tension between us. Although since Thursday night, there was a softness. I saw it in her eyes, when I carried her to bed, after our moment of passion. It was there, when we awoke the following morning, easing into our routine. And while she went shopping with her stylist for tonight.

Though she still bore some terseness, yet I could feel her walls thinning. An opportunity, which I hoped to build up on, to have a wonderful marriage with her. Even though she hadn't given me her word of forgiveness, I was hopeful that we could still find a peace.

I hadn't expected anything on toward, when she had found me in the cave. Her presence had both surprised and pleased me. Making me ponder the reason she had sought me. A part of me had hoped that she had missed me. And when she had confessed her concern for me as her reason I had still accepted it. At least it was a start. A bridge to our old ease with each other.

The sex had come unexpectedly. Dressed in that burgundy dress, I couldn't resist her and that chain that had only given me more ideas. More so as she stood before me, the thoughts of how she had attempted to reach me in my vulnerable state, only impressed me more. I hadn't expected her to role play with me the way she had, knowing her limited experience in sex. However, even that innocuous act of pleasure from her, had been enough to simmer my insides. Distract my frayed thoughts.

In the end, we had both burst into flames, our hearts beating in unison. Filled with unspoken promises.

"Sir, we've arrived." I heard the driver, Marcus announce.

I turned my eyes to the window and saw other elaborately dressed guests, strolling into the foyer of the enormous hotel. My gaze turned to Kenya, who had barely uttered a word since we got into the Limo. She looked exquisite, dressed in an emerald green mono-sleeved satin maxi dress. Her hair was held in a high bun, a small diamond comb pressed to the side. A pair of dropping emerald jeweled earrings graced her. The gems catching the light from the hotel's entrance.

"You look stunning." I remarked, my lips quirked in a smile. Kenya turned her eyes to me, catching my breath. I remembered she once commented on my eyes.
"Did you wear this because of my eyes?" I couldn't help but ask. *Did she?*

She demurely shifted her eyes and I got my answer. Stuff swirled inside me. I couldn't describe them. I didn't know what this meant.

Helplessly, I found her lips and placed a tender kiss on them. Her lips parted, a soft moan escaping from them.

I smiled contentedly, as she kissed me back. The action giving me peace. This was where I belonged, in her arms. In her soul. All that was needed was for her to succumb to me for the rest of our lives.

A valet, dressed in black and red, opened her side of the door, interrupting us. I lingered a little longer on her lips, before I slowly pulled away. Her gaze faltered, before her next words came.

"That night of the reception when we went intimateII have neverI never knew that was"

"Great." I smiled, slyly. My heart soared with warmth, knowing that the night she spoke of had meant something to her. She smiled shyly, before she replied.

"I wanted to say possible. That is, I had no idea it was possible to findrelease with that position." Our gazes held briefly, before she turned them to the opened door. A smile played on my lips, knowing that she still had a lot to enjoy with me.

Stepping out of the sleek white limo, and coming around her side of the car, I held her.

The Ivory Palace, an enormous and captivating tower that was always highly sorted out by the 'A' list celebrities of the country and the world. Owned by Canadian Hotel and Tourism Tycoons, Dylan and McCarthy Macklesfield, cousins to Henry Macklesfield, the hotel was highly sorted. It's ratings on the internet were off the charts, luring elites around the world to always have a feel of The Ivory Palace. It had once been owned by the twin's father, Philip Macklesfield. Sadly, after his death, the twins had inherited the establishment, which they hadn't operated until they had reached their majority. Taking over from their mother, Catherine, who had initially run the business on their behalf.

The foyer was alive with a throng of guests that walked absently, before the flashing cameras, not minding the attention. Kenya's tension was palpable beneath my possessive hand on the small of her back. I rubbed her, to ease her. I knew she was still new to all this attention. But I was here to help her transition into her new life.

"Mrs Ruthford, who are you wearing?!" Someone among the reporters called. Kenya stilled her eyes on the camera. I immediately came to her rescue. The reporters were always ready to chew on vulnerable prey.

"Don't worry." My voice came hot against her right ear. My words a caress. I grazed the shell of her ear with my lips. "You don't have to answer them. The designer would give the information away. So don't fret it. You're still new to this." My eyes found hers and it held. I saw her relax and I felt at peace.

Finding herself leaning into me, I kissed her head at the gesture. I had her. She was mine to protect forever.
###chapter 44: Be Careful What You Ask for...
***Kenya.***

Walking in the direction of the large ball room, which served as the party's venue, Levi and I left the other guests to the mercy of the reporters.

The ball room, like the entire foyer, was lit in soft, golden chandeliers that hung up in the ceiling. A gilded ambience surrounded the entire room, the opulent decorations, a stark evidence of the rich taste possessed by its owners. I had heard about them before. But after meeting one of their family, Henry and his wife, I finally appreciated their unique taste. Wealth displayed in the room. Ornate wall papers of gold and ivory, covered the walls. First time entering the hotel and I was smitten.

We were ushered to our table, like the other guests, and the party soon started. Party members congratulated us; politicians, business men and women, elite members of the society in all professions of life. It was like the entire elite democrats had converged for the party. The night's host teased everyone, especially Levi and I, who were the highlight of the evening. I couldn't help but smile, knowing that I hadn't expected such a warm welcome.

Soon, refreshments were over with, and the dancing commenced. Levi held me in an intimate embrace as we waltzed to a song played by a famous Jazz musician. There was a peace that we felt as we swayed in slow steps to the song. Neither of us had the courage to speak this truth. But I felt it deep, threatening to announce itself to the surface.

"You are a beautiful dancer, you know that." Levi stroked my bare back, as his words swirled round me. I nested my head in the crook of his neck. The magic of this intimate moment, disarming me. Causing feelings that should remain buried to wheedle their way into my heart.

"Why did you have to do all you did, Levi?" My question came out, before I could even hold it back.

My inner most thoughts coming to life, hanging like a knife between us. Levi pulled back just a little to stare into my eyes, before he returned to our initial stance.

"What do you mean?" He whispered, regarding me in a cautious gaze, while we continued dancing. I inhaled a steady breath, wanting this bone in my throat expelled.

"Why did you have to result to dangerous measures to achieve your purpose. Couldn't there have been a better way?" I felt Levi stiffen in my arms, but something in me was unleashed and I just ranted on. My eyes searching his.

"Who are you, Levi? I mean, what did Blake mean by yours is a relationship rooted deep, a life for a life"

"Stop"

"Bound by an oath"

"Stop, Kenya." Levi growled in a low, warning tone. His eyes holding a ferocity that I had never seen in him before. I startled at the depth of what I saw in his emerald green eyes. My heart uncontrollably frightened.

"Don't dig out demons you would regret meeting." He leaned in closer, his breath mingling with mine. We had stopped dancing now and I caught other couples' awkward stares.

Hot, the scent of brandy fanning my face, I just stared. I felt his finger nails dig into my skin, as he held me and I feared it might have broken. Wincing in pain, I tried to struggle against his painful hold. But his hands gripped on tighter.

"What if I want to meet them?" I dared in a whisper. I grimaced as I sensed his hold slacken, while astonishment climbed his face. My arms stung from where his nails had been. His expression turned to alarm, before it grew dark with a twisted grin.

"Be careful what you ask for, Mrs Ruthford. It might just come back to bite you." He remarked in a cold voice.

There was an ominous undercurrent in his tone.

Without another word, Levi held me in a possessive hold and guided me out of the dance floor. It was as if nothing had happened, even though I shook within me. Once we reached the bar, he gave me one long look, before he went to mingle with some of his friends.

Humiliated, I just stared at him.

***Levi 2: Kenya: 0***

No matter how much I tried to calm my racing heart, I was just too frightened and ashamed of what had transpired. I asked for a glass of water from the bar tender. Gulping the cold liquid down as soon as it reached my hand. My spiraling emotions finally settled.

This was now my life. A life where I was bound to uphold a marriage to a man, who had the power to ruin me. Who manipulated me to do his bidding. Even when it came to sex, he wielded the power. Turning me into puddle with just a touch. Worse, my feelings had now become invested.

"Well, if it isn't the new Mrs Ruthford." A snarl came from behind me, the tone chilling. I turned towards the voice in time to see a woman, not much older than I was. Perhaps in her thirties.

"Hello." I greeted, my voice neutral as I watched the woman. The woman looked me over, her sun-kissed fair skin, radiating with a deep allure. She was extremely beautiful. Her auburn hair falling in waves around her shoulder. Her dress, a blue, strapless silk, styled in a mermaid silhouette. She equally smelled wonderful. Her diamond jewelry set accentuating her beauty. Inching closer to me, the woman gave me a condescending look.

"If Levi had wanted to be charitable, he should have just sponsored your career." The words dripped with venom, as she glared scornfully at me. I hitched my breath, my eyes staring in shock at the woman.

"I wonder what he saw in a poor, invalid like you, when he had women like me, who could have given him all the reputation he needs."

Horrified, I just stared. Tears stinging me.
###chapter 45: A Strong Woman...
***Kenya.***

I refused to let the tears fall. I tried to speak, but my tongue grew heavy.

There was a time I would wish for the ground to swallow me whole, whenever this happened. But I didn't want to be that woman anymore. I had recently resolved never to allow others disparage me in regard to my disability. And this was just one such moment. Unfortunately, I found myself shattered by the words.

Taking a slow breath, my heart rate falling into an even pace again, I gave a neutral look.

"If he had women like you, how would he have done his charity, helping a poor invalid like me, become the new Mrs Ruthford?" I sneered. My words startled the woman, who stared at me in disbelief. A man came up to stand alongside us. I ignored his presence as I continued to lock gazes with the other woman.

"Carmen, cut the girl some slack." The man addressed the woman standing in front of me. I shifted my gaze to him, my eyes seeing the frown on his handsome face. 

"I had hoped you wouldn't go through with your threat moments ago, when you declared your intention to put her in her place." The man continued, as he shifted closer to this Carmen. Stiffening at something the man whispered in her ear, Carmen gave one last look at me, before she walked away. Exiting the ballroom.

"What did you tell her?" I asked, my voice breaking the man's focus.

He turned a thoughtful gaze to, closing the distance between us. He was really handsome, with his blinding facial features. The sharp lines of his face, laced with a perfectly facial hair trim. As tall as Levi, perhaps the same age. His dark, tussled cropped hair, shone in the light. His tuxedo a perfectly tailored pick on him.

Wearing an impressive smile, a dimple peeking at the corner, he spoke. "I only reminded her of her own place." He remarked, his expression blank. I watched him skeptically.

"What do you mean?" I asked, cautiously.

He smiled and inched closer. I could smell his spicy cologne.

"I mean that Carmen Strad equally has a place in this gathering, one which she needs to remember. She currently has Levi as a major investor in her decrepit company. The last thing she needs is to irk the man." He didn't elaborate further, his eyes lingering on me. I wished he could at least say more. Gathering my words to thank him, he spoke first.

"Forgive my manners, but would you like a dance?" He requested. His tone was a mix of mischief and flirtation and I found it exciting. With what had happened with Levi moments ago, I didn't mind finding this man a lovely distraction. Nodding my head, I allowed him lead us to the dance floor.

As we danced, I found out that he was pretty light on his feet. He danced like a pro and I wondered what he was doing dancing with me, rather than ilks of Carmen Strad.

"My name is Rudolph Crawford, by the way." His voice, smooth and very close to my ear. It was warm and it elated me. I nodded.

"I am"

"Kenya Ruthford, I know." Rudolph acknowledged, a knowing smile crossing his face. Of course he did, I thought. "I admire how you stood up for yourself there. It was commendable. I don't think any woman has ever stood up to Carmen like that."

I smiled inwardly, letting joy fill me at his comment. I didn't know I could stand up to the insolent woman. Initially, I had wished to cower before Carmen. Nevertheless, an inner indignation at Levi and also everyone that had always disparaged me, fueled my rage.

"I don't want anyone to see me the way they have all my life." I confessed. "Like a helpless woman." Rudolph gaze studied me. His hand was placed respectably on the small of mu back, a gentle pressure as he watched me.

"Were others unkind to you? Even your husband? Is that the reason he abandoned you to the likes of Carmen?" Rudolph asked, searching my eyes. I averted my gaze, allowing silence creep in. Instinctively, Rudolph pulled thumbed my chin, until I stared into his eyes.

"You don't have to hide, Kenya. You have more on your side than you think." His voice and words, encouraging.

I tried to hold back the tears that threatened to spill. All the ache in my heart was bursting, and I wasn't certain I could control it, if it started. I was sad that the tenderness, the ease that had once existed between Levi and I had been a hoax. His true nature finally coming to light. Those existing incriminating evidence, binding me to him.

"I just want to be a strong woman. I don't want to be weak any longer. I no longer want to be at any one's mercy." I whispered, shakily.

Rudolph's gaze, gentle, watched me. Shifting his fingers to my bare back, he circled a spot, sending calmness into me. I didn't think of the inappropriateness.

"You are already a strong woman, Kenya. Look how far you've come. You only have to believe in yourself." Rudolph earnestly stated. The sound of my name from his lips again, rolling effortlessly. It radiated sparks in me.

"Get your damned hands off my wife." A low growl came from behind me, breaking us apart.

We turned to see Levi, emotions schooled, glaring at Rudolph. I looked at Levi in alarm, my eyes shifting to see if anyone noticed the scene. No one seemed to bother as they were all absorbed in dancing and mingling.

"Levi." I called, my eyes gauging his temperament. He was calm, but rage burned in his eyes as he briefly shifted them to me. I inhaled, seeing the depth of fury he exuded.

Taking his eyes back to Rudolph, Levi crossed to stand before Rudolph, his gaze levelled on the man.
###chapter 46: That’s Not True, Kenya…” 
***Levi.***

"If I had a wife like her, I wouldn't leave her for a second to the wiles of people like Carmen Strad." Rudolph sneered.

*The Fucker! He dared touch my wife. And Carmen?*

I turned a gaze to Kenya, searching her eyes for any signs of trouble, before I refocused my gaze on Rudolph again.

"You weren't there for her and she had to fend off that vile woman, all by herself. Putting up with her insults and scorn."

I frowned as that information came to light. What was he talking about Carmen?

"My business with my wife is none of your concern." I reined in, fiercely.

I chided myself inwardly for not being more sensitive. I shouldn't have left her alone. Shouldn't have let my anger cloud me. I had seen Carmen with Kenya earlier, and had surmised that they were mingling. Perhaps getting to know each other better, even though I knew Carmen's nature. I hadn't expected the vile woman to cause Kenya any discomfort. I would handle her later, I concluded. For now, I needed to steer this bastard off my wife. Starting with breaking off his fingers that had crawled up Kenya's skin, moments ago.

Drawing closer to Rudolph, my voice dropping enough for only the three of us to hear, I said.

"The next time I see you anywhere near my wife, or even breathe the same air as her, then I would make sure Rudolph's red nose never allows him on Santa's sleigh again." I warned.

I heard Kenya gasp. Good. She needed to know that no man touched her but me.

"I'd like to see you try." Rudolph threw back, putting on a bold front. "You don't scare me. I am not decrepit and helpless like those other idiots that you have wrapped up your fingers, Ruthford. My multi-million-dollar sportswear industry doesn't need your pity money."

A dark grin tugged my lips, my dark gaze narrowing on Rudolph.

"You should be scared, Rudolph. Because I wouldn't only turn your nose red. I'd finish you off bit by bit. Your entire business, everything that concerns you, until the only thing that remains of you, is your name on a fucking tombstone." I sneered.

My words though casually said, carried enough weight that rattled Rudolph. I saw it in his eyes. He had certainly heard of my reputation and the fear there, showed as much.

Rudolph's eyes seemingly gauged me, the enormity of my words finally sinking in. He shifted anxiously on his feet and not giving Kenya another look he brushed past us and walked in another direction of the ballroom.

"That wasn't necessary, Levi. The man didn't do anything." Kenya cried, her eyes welling up with tears.

She looked exhausted.

Ignoring her outburst, I stalked towards Kenya and wound my fingers around her wrist. I didn't wish to draw attention to us, so I moved quietly. Tugging her along with me, I walked us out of the ball room. I turned down a hall way, the gilded corridor, lined with Millais oil paintings. Soon we arrived at the women's bathroom and I dragged us inside, putting an out of order sign over the door, before It clicked it shut.

Taking measured steps towards Kenya, I closed the space between us. Kenya stood defiantly at me, glaring.

"I don't like it when another man touches you. And you are correct, he didn't do anything. He did plenty." I inched closer and lowered my head to hers.

"The next time a man touches you like Crawford just did; has his hands over you like this." I emphasized my words by pulling her roughly against me, our bodies pressed tight. "I would make you watch the person suffer. And it would be on your conscience." I grinned, darkly. My voice grazed the shell of her ear.

She resisted me. I suddenly warred within myself, if she preferred Rudolph's touch.
I shouldn't have been angry. I shouldn't have left her alone.

"Levi, stay away." Kenya protested, amidst the moans that desperately found their way through her lips.

I smiled, my lips nipping and kissing her ear and jawline as my fingers found what they sought. Her pearl, wet and ready was taut for me, just as I liked it. Finding her lips, I kissed her deeply, while my deft fingers toyed with her pearl, her fold. Her gasps gushing out, sending jolts to my erected cock.

My anger shouldn't have surfaced earlier with her. But her words her probing, had frozen me in my tracks. And I had grown defensive. Wanting to push her out. To hurt her. Let my words sting her. I had let my inner demons rise to surface, showing their true face to her. My dark past a forbidden door that I had shielded her from all this time. A door, which she was never to venture into.

The voice of Rudolph reminded me of my negligence towards her tonight. My failure as a husband. A husband who had run from his truth, from fear of being judged by his wife.

"Stay the fuck away from me!" Kenya cried on top of her voice. Tears pooled in her eyes. That broke me from my haze. I backed up, shock written on my face at Kenya's outburst. Our breathing heavy, we stared at each other.

"I am tired of your manipulations. I am tired of how you use me as an excuse to do evil. I want a life. I can't continue this way." Kenya burst into sobs, turning away from me.

My heart tore with guilt and I drew closer, wrapping my hands around her. Kenya melted into my arms. And for a moment, it seemed she relaxed and allowed herself sob inside me. I felt her ache. I ached. Sadness filled me.

"Don't touch me!" She yelled. "Just stay the fuck away from me, because all you doall you have done is make me cry"

"That's not true, Kenya" I stilled.
###chapter 47: Forging Fires...
***Kenya.***

"It is. You have turned me into a shadow of myself. But that ends tonight." I hesitated before I continued. My voice breaking, dropping low.

I was enraged. My anger was palpable. My heart burning with the ache of all my disappointment and exhaustion. I was tired of Levi's manipulations. His games. I needed to stand up for myself. To rise above the abyss.

"You had asked me for forgiveness the other night, yet here we are. The same moment we were, before your request. How can I forgive one who remains bent on being who he is? A rogue."

I shook as sobs escaped me. My words rolled off my tongue. The reality of my sorrow, settling in. Rocking my existence. There was a sudden sadness that embraced me and I didn't think I had the strength to accept it. Even though most of me felt this sadness.

"From now on, I would take control of my life." My words rang in my ears, strong and determined. "I wouldn't let you control me anymore. I would be strong and I would take back my life, Levi Ruthford. Beginning tonight, I'd be forging fires that will burn every part of you." I sobbed. Levi silently watched me, his jaw twitched.

Glaring at him one last time, I brushed past him, opened the door and walked out of the bathroom. My piercing words echoed in my heart, giving me strength to walk on, without succumbing to my weakness.

I walked out into the cold night, the biting wind reminding me of the cruelty that surrounded me. I didn't wish to wait for the car. But I needed to leave this party, away from Levi's presence. Darting my eyes to the left, I saw a cab just pull up, dropping a passenger. Not waiting a second more, I slipped into the cab.

"Please, take me to this address on 57th." I requested, flashing my phone screen in the face of the driver. I still found it difficult acquainting myself with my new home. "But first take me to Greenwich Village."

"Alright, Lady." The cab man nodded, pulling out into the traffic.

As the car drove off, I scrolled to Andrea's number and texted her.

***Me: Andy, can we meet tomorrow at your apartment after church. I have something to discuss with you.***

I waited a little and Andrea's response popped up the screen.

***Andrea: Alright, Ken. Everything okay? See you tomorrow***.

I blew out a breath and leaned back in the seat, allowing tears blur my vision. It was time for me to create a new life for myself and I needed to do it now. No more hanging there and letting others rule my life. Manipulate my existence like Levi had done.

My phone suddenly buzzed in my hands and I checked the screen.

***Unknown Number: Hi, beautiful. How is your evening going? Mine is rather dull, you see. I hope you are smiling, tonight. 😊***

I watched the screen for a few seconds, contemplating the words that stared back at me.

Fresh tears flooded my eyes and I allowed them fall. I had started caring for my husband and had hoped that night he asked forgiveness, he intended to change. To share his life with me, to let me in. To know why he had done all he had. I had truly thought we had reached a compromise, that night of the reception. Now it turned out that he would never be more than that dangerous manipulator. The dangerous murderer. Words, which I hadn't wanted to acknowledge in my heart.

Unfortunately, I had to accept this bitter truth and move past it. Killing whatever emotions that had started showing face for him. Knowing that his demons will always be an extension of his personality.

My eyes fell to the message on the screen.

***Me: I had a fight with my husband tonight. I hope you can make me happy, because my happiness has become my priority.***

A lengthened pause came.

***Unknown Number: I'd be honored to make you happy.***

Smiling, I typed, my curiousity piqued.

***Me: Am Kenya, but you can call me Ken, like everyone else does. What's your name? Sorry I haven't asked you since we started chatting.***

***Unknown Number: K.C. And I would call you Kenya. I am not everyone else.***

***Me: Alright. Goodnight K.C. Am already reaching my stop***.

***K.C****:* ***Goodnight, Kenya.***

***

***Two days later...***

It was Tuesday, and the rain pelted down the umbrella that Ryan held over my head, as I came out of the car to enter Claudine's apartment building.

I phoned Claudine earlier in the day, to inform her that I was coming to see her. However, the rain wasn't one I had anticipated to fall this long. All morning, falling in heavy droplets, bringing with it a biting chill that soured my mood, along with my flowing period. Somehow the emergence of my period gave me confusing feelings, bordered around disappointment and relief. But I had no idea what I felt disappointment for.

Greeting the familiar doorman, Eric, as I walked in through the front entrance, I entered the elevator. My eyes caught sight of Ryan, the security guard Levi assigned to me, conversing with Eric, as the doors slid shut. The memory of Levi coercing me into accepting Ryan as my permanent body guard, threatened to push through my thoughts, but I dispelled it. Choosing to focus on my current task. 

The elevator door opened with a ping as it reached the 5th floor. I walked down the hallway, until I reached Claudine's apartment, apartment 521 A. Inhaling a deep breath, I pressed the door bell and waited for Claudine to answer. In a few seconds, the door opened with Claudine standing in the door way, beautiful and graceful as ever.

"Hello Kenya. You made it despite this rain." Claudine smiled warmly, greeting me in an embrace. Her slight accent still tinged her words, despite all these years.
###chapter 48:  I Wouldn’t Speak, If You Don’t...
***Kenya.***

After greeting, we both fully entered the apartment, while Claudine shut the door. When we were fully seated across from each other, we discussed about a few mundane topics, while a maid came to serve us coffee.

Claudine could barely hide her excitement at seeing me alone, since marriage with Levi happened. She bombarded me with a series of questions about my new life. All of which I indulgently responded to.

While we sat, a handsome man around Claudine's age, emerged from the other side of the hallway, his presence startling me. He was dressed in a white T shirt and black sweat pants.

"Tad Darling, this is my friend and employee, Mrs Ruthford that I informed you would be coming to see me later. Just give us a few minutes and I would be joining you." Claudine smiled, flirtatiously. I gave a furtive glance, as I watched the mood between them. A flood of heat washed over me, as I realized that I had just interrupted lovers.

"Alright, Baby." Tad smiled, blowing Claudine a kiss. "Mrs Ruthford, nice to meet you. And congratulations on your recent nuptials." His eyes danced appreciatively, as he walked to collect a drink from the kitchen, before he finally returned back.

"Sorry about that." Claudine apologized, focusing her attention on me again.

"No, no. I should be the one apologizing. I just interrupted something important between"

"Kenya honey." Claudine took my palms in hers. "Relax. Tad and I arewell. We're just starting something new. It's no worries. We've got all the time to get to know each other. I don't like rushing these things." Claudine smiled, slyly.

I tried to rein in my emotions as I heard those words. My eyes secretly catching the excitement in Claudine's eyes. And pain gnawed in me, seeing that my mission for coming was soon to extinguish that excitement in the woman's eyes. I knew that Claudine had been in affairs since her divorce, but I had never met anyone of them. Seeing Tad now, only made me reconsider my reasons for coming here, because I didn't want to cause the woman any unhappiness.

"So, what was it you wanted to see me about?" Claudine broke into my thoughts. I hesitated.

"Did you see the work going on at J'aime. It's remarkable. Turning the entire building into two floors, complete with a modern fire exit. I can't wait to see it completed and it's all because of you, darling. You are that light that made Levi give us this great opportunity." Claudine beamed, holding my palms in hers, affectionately.

I inwardly groaned, my body growing rigid at those words.

"That is my reason for coming here." I blurted out, my eyes holding Claudine's. The other woman's gaze grew sharp as she silently watched me. Inhaling abruptly, my nerves calming, I started.

"The authorities have evidence against you, on how you defrauded your ex-husband, Jimmy and the insurance company, to get your fortune." I watched as Claudine pulled her hands away, nervously, her eyes filled with horror.

"How did"

"That doesn't matter. What matters is that if I don't do what I have to now, you and everyone at J'aime, would suffer, immensely. No employment for the staff. And for you, jail term. I don't want that for any of you. The evidence against you, is like a guillotine hanging over my head, waiting for me to make a mistake." I cried, my voice soft. All the torture I had felt for days, surging through me.

I caught Claudine give me a guarded look, as she heard me cry.

"Is it Levi? Is it your husband, Kenya?" Claudine drew closer to me, holding me comfortingly. I fixed red rimmed eyes to Claudine and fell into her arms, bursting into tears.

"Oh, honey. Am so sorry about this. That was the reason for the rushed marriage and the building renovation and everything." Claudine held me, soothing me. I shuddered, weighing my response. I wondered how much she had deduced. My constant anxiety, the night of the reception and my reluctance to show excitement about the wedding.

"Is he abusing you?" Claudine asked, suspiciously.

"No, no. He isn't I can't tell you anything more, Claudine. I just" I shook, inwardly. I pulled away from the embrace and took my time to gather my thoughts. I had come too far now to turn back. And the last thing I needed, was weakness.

"I have spoken to my lawyer and she has done the necessary paper work. Papers, which will allow all liabilities of J'aime to be transferred to me. The existing arrangements will remain of course. I would only work based on what has existed on ground. All you have to do is accept my offer. And the she would take it over from there." I breathed, rising and walking to stand by a window.

I gazed below and watched as the cars still drove in the pouring rain.

"I would buy J'aime from you. But I would make you an equal partner, where you would receive the dividends as expected, monthly. The only additional change would be you leaving, moving to another location and never return. Leaving me to bear whatever comes," I sternly said, turning to face Claudine.

Claudine fixed a steady gaze on me, puzzled.

"What do you mean?" Claudine asked, skeptically. Her brows creased together, thoughtfully.

"I am saying that all he has to do is give a call and your life would be ruined. But with this idea, I'd be relieving you of certain ruination from Levi. He can ruin you, but he can't ruin me, because it would destroy his name... You always told me you had an undisclosed home in Switzerland. Why don't you go there? Move in there permanently. I have asked that an offshore account be opened for you, so that every profit earned, would reach you. In that case, Levi would never know your whereabouts. I wouldn't speak, if you don't."
###chapter 49: Twister...
***Kenya.***

The determination that I felt, was raw. Bleeding inside me and I couldn't wait for it to be unleashed.

I was unstoppable now. A different Kenya, born out of sorrow. Born out of the need to become a strong woman. I am certain Claudine saw this change in me, that is the reason she stared at me, astonished. I was equally astonished at myself.

This was a different side to me. Bold, calculative, strong willed. And I found myself yielding to this new me, along with my drive. Because I wanted to see myself pull this plan through to the end. To turn it into a perfect finish. An indestructible legacy. I didn't know what to expect after this was accomplished. I didn't even have any ideas how deep Claudine had gone with her defrauding the insurance company and her husband. I hadn't seen the papers. But I was certain it must have been bad for Claudine to wear this expression that gazed back at me. However I needed to achieve this. It was a necessity to take back the controls of my life. End Levi's hold on me and my loved ones.

Perhaps it was a means to prove to me that I was capable of fighting for my rights. Perhaps it was something else. But I knew that I needed this opportunity to grow. To become a better woman. To build a new life for myself. A life where Levi wouldn't hurt me any longer. Where I would equally cause him such misery as he caused me.

Yet, in the midst of all this, I couldn't deny a clear truth, the pull that existed between Levi and I. Volatile. Uncontrollable. Unhinged and ready to consume us both. We were a cataclysmic pair that resonated an indescribable passion so strong, it always got me breathless. And I wondered what would become of that connection we felt once this new side to me is unleashed.

"I don't know why Levi did this? I don't know his reasons for manipulating you this way? But there is something which I see, when he is with you. Love, sincere love. Something that I once shared with my first true love." Claudine's words stilled my thoughts. I stared at her, shocked.

Rising from the couch and coming to join me at the window. "He loves you, Kenya. He truly cares for you."

Horror etched on my face. *What*?

"It reminds me of what I had with Jean, my first loveYou see I loved jean, when I was a young girl, growing on a farm in Brittany, France. My parents wanted more from me. They had debts they couldn't manage. But I was smitten with Jean. We eventually went to ballet school in Paris together. A scholarship. And our love was so young and charged with so much life.

"That was when I met Jimmy. He was a tourist in Paris and had been looking for directions to Versailles the day we met. We got talking and became close. And he even visited my parents' farm, investing in their small farm, when they cried about their debts. They had seen him as a God sent. I equally had.

"A few days later, I found out that my parents wanted me to marry him. The rich American man that had helped them from penury. I cried so much, but they hadn't listened. They had forced my hand, or I faced both my parents committing suicide. I agreed and married Jimmy and never saw Jean again. Jimmy was nice, caring. But there was no love for him."

I considered Claudine's words, the story almost mirroring my situation. A situation carved from coercion.

"So why did you do what you did to Jimmy, if he had been nice?" I asked.

"I wanted to punish Jimmy for stealing my life from me. I wanted him to pay." Claudine had such contempt in her voice.

I saw the fury that still burned in Claudine's expression, even after all these years. And I wondered if I equally held such disdain for Levi. The only difference, I've started caring for Levi, while Claudine never cared for Jimmy.

"*J'aime*? Does It mean what I think?" I asked, unable to hide my curiousity.

Nodding her head, a sweet smile lurking in the corner of her lips, Claudine replied. "J'aime Jean." Claudine muttered.

Those simple words, carrying an undercurrent of a love once reveled.

"I wouldn't be changing the name. Everything would remain as it is." I assured Claudine, my eyes holding hers. An appreciative smile touched Claudine's face, accepting the words. Then she pulled me into an affectionate hug. Both of us sobbing for sorrows that tore through us.

After a while, Claudine pulled back and held my face in her palms.

"What would you do with this twister you have planned for your husband, when you fall in love with him?" Claudine asked. Her question, astonishing me.

"What makes you think I would fall in love with him, Claudine?" I asked, bewildered.

"I wasn't born yesterday, Kenya." Claudine grinned, slyly. Then adding naughtily, she said. "I wonder what Tad would think of moving with me to Switzerland?"

***

***Levi.***

***Meanwhile...***

"This is outrageous!" I roared, as I perused the documents in my hands.

My hands shook with rage as I read through sheets of documents that reported the investigation carried out by Blake.

"In those papers, Sir, it shows that RINA Mines has a hand in the conflicts that have ravaged those African countries for years. In there are list of registered businesses under RINA Mines, formerly RFO Mines. All of which we took account of, except one, CARSON Mines, which had no feasible profits or records on paper. Hence we had over looked it. Somehow we were able to uncover that CARSON Mines was a cover up diamond mining business owned by your father and his associates, which he had used to illegally plough these nations and communities, without following procedure."
###chapter 50: CARSON Mines...
***Levi.***

"A certain Rowan, a former associate of CARSON Mines, is responsible for continuing the illicit transactions, under the name of CARSON Mines, despite your complete ownership of RINA Mines. Ploughing these communities, without compensation or proper procedure. And since CARSON was never really considered, it was never taken to account by us." Blake explained, his tone grave.

There were documents that affirmed to discreet business dealings carried out in the name of CARSON Mines. A company, which I had inherited along with other companies and rebranded from RFO to RINA Mines. But I had no idea that these shady dealings had been carried out by my father in the past, causing the community conflicts that had caused the deaths of many. I shifted my eyes through the papers and my heart tore at the mortality caused by the deals.

Falling back into my office chair, I spread the papers on my desk and glared at them. My eyes stung.

'*The sins of thy fathers.' I* thought as I continued to observe the papers before me.

There were list of names attached to all the affected countries. Names of men, women and children, catalogued in the papers. The names of their villages, clans, their dates of birth, their time of death. It was all written in black and white before my eyes. 

"I took liberties to look through the documents as soon as I discovered that your mother in-law's birth country was named. I think you would be interested to see what I found." Blake gravelly supplied.

I lifted a wary gaze to Blake, a sudden terror surging through me. I scrutinized the papers until I reached a sheet with Sierra Leone as the header. Perusing through the pages, my heart in my mouth, I came across a circled section of the names. Stilling at the sight.

"*Mr Willis Anderson*." I breathed, shakily.

Tremor gripped me, as my fears were confirmed. One which I had inwardly prayed against, the second Blake had raised my suspicions. My eyes lingered on the highlighted spot; scanning it, checking if there was any chance it could be a lie. But it wasn't. The name of my wife's father was aggressively glaring back at me.

"*Fuck*!" I roared, pushing back my chair, aggressively. I strode to the window. The rain pelting down the window, with the dark, gloomy sky mirroring my dismay.

"Kenya can't find out about this." I shook my head, my back to Blake as I spoke.

"We aren't at a good point in our marriage at the moment. And the last thing we need is for her to find out that her father was one of the casualties of CARSON Mines." I placed my hand on the cold window. Absently watching the city line.

"I am sorry about that. But you must know that your marriage wouldn't be your only worry, the moment this gets further out." I heard Blake warn as he stood behind me.

"You should know I am not worried about that. What concerns me is the horrid transactions that had been carried out using RFO as a cover. And now, am paying the fucking price, with my wife's heart hanging in the balance." I groaned inwardly.

"What happened between you?" Blake asked, his eyes on me.

I huffed. "At Saturday's party she wanted to know more about me, about our life, Blake and I was curt with her." A knowing look crossed Blake's eyes. "Then Crawford came around and I got irritated at seeing him with her. Things got heated and she blew steam on me."

"Levi." Blake started, quietly. "She has a right to know about you. About who we are. About the life we lived. You can't deprive her of that."

"But that part isn't pleasant, Blake. It's not something I am proud of." I shook my head, my eyes shut tight. Flashes of memories I preferred buried resurfaced. The usual darkness creeping in.

"Give her a chance to choose, Levi. You haven't allowed her a chance to decide what she wants, since Hank. Since this marriage. Give her that much. She deserves it." Blake urged, his hand on my shoulder.

"I couldn't have let her do otherwise, with Hank, Blake. I wasn't going to let that bastard hurt her further," I said.

"Then tell her who you really are, Levi."

I raised a thoughtful gaze to Blake, measuring his words. My chest constricted at the thought and I tried to breathe. The phone on the desk rang and interrupted the thick air. Blake went over to pick the call.

"It's finance, Levi." Blake dropped the receiver. "They want to inform you that all funds and stocks directed to AUDACIOUS BRAND have been discontinued, as you directed. Further, they said all existing investors, that you had introduced to the company, have also been advised to do the same, immediately."

I nodded, a small satisfaction stemming within me.

"Write a public disclaimer against CARSON Mines as well as Rowan, and ensure it is followed up with a court injunction. Anything that would ensure that this is nipped in the bud." I instructed.

"The journalist informed me that he is open for negotiations, to put an end to this." Blake supplied. I stared at him, skeptically, even though relief washed over me. My brows knitted, as I considered this revelation.

"Fine. Call him and fix something with him for later tonight. I want this bullshit over and done with. And destroy every trace of these documents." I sternly ordered.

Blake nodded his head, gathered all the documents from the desk and quietly exited the room.

Highlighting my laptop screen to attend to some work, I tried to push the misery that continued to linger.

He wasn't ready for this. I had fought too hard to build my family's legacy from scratch and even adding mine. And an occurrence like this only evoked problems, which could pose a threat to all that I had built, including my recent marriage.
###chapter 51: Carmen Strad...
***Levi.***

I didn't care what this could cost my political career. But having Kenya loathe me further, was just horrific.

Barely speaking to me since that Saturday night, with just a few words spoken with contempt, I wondered how I still held desire for her.

That night she had raged at me, I had been astonished at her words, which had stung greatly. Left speechless, guilt eating me, because her words had truth. A reminder of my cruelty. A reaffirmation my unworthiness. Yet, I buried all the emotions. Choosing to ignore the truth.

Eventually, I had returned to the party, only to discover that my wife was nowhere. I had immediately returned home, to find her absent. Worried, I had her tracked. She had stopped by her old apartment.

I waited for her in the living room, late into the night. My emotions stretched thin. Her eventual return later at night, had only met my questioning expression with her indifference. Kenya had brushed past me like I didn't exist, like my concern didn't matter. And that had hurt. Preferring to give her the much needed space I believed she deserved, I hadn't pressed further that night.

Only when she woke up, the following morning, did I deliver the news to her, that she was to be escorted by a bodyguard without arguments. Not ready to put her life on the line, after Saturday night, where I had been worried about her, I had made my decision. An unwelcomed decision, if her glare that morning could stand as an emotion, but one taken in good stride, nonetheless.

With this new development, I could only imagine her distraught if she ever found out.

***

Later in the day, My phone buzzed with an incoming message from Blake.

***Blake: Journalist would wait for you at the abandoned building site, Harlem. Pick up at 7PM.***

***Me: Would be waiting.***

I looked up from my cell phone in time to hear a commotion at the door. The door burst open, only for Carmen Strad, two of my guards posted at the door and my secretary, to all scramble in, my Secretary hurrying to stand before me. Her face drawn in apprehension.

"Am sorry, Mr Ruthford. But Miss Strad came in without an appointment. I tried to"

"It's alright, Renee. You can all return to duties." I instructed, sweeping my gaze across my staff.

I glanced at the clock, it was already 5pm.

I had expected Carmen sooner. Perhaps she had waited this long, because she knew that the staff would be closing for the day by now. Just like old times, when she had artfully convinced me to put my figures in her business, two years ago.

The sound of the door clicking shut after my employees exited the room, filled the silence.

"Why, Levi? Why would you pull out your stocks from AUDACIOUS? And worse, I have not rested from callsInvestors informing me that they are done."

Carmen glared at me, her composure cracking under her alluring demeanor. She wore a peach colored two-piece suit. The white silk camisole peeking out, revealing the small 'V' of her cleavage. She had her hair held in a low bun, with some stray strands hanging out. I leaned back, silently observing her from expressionless eyes.

"Is it your wife that asked you to do this? She told you what happened, isn't it?" Carmen asked, infuriated. She turned away from me for a moment, her shoulders stiffening. Sagging her shoulders, she turned back to face me. Her red rimmed eyes, softening.

"Ican't believe you could do this to me, after all we had. I never knew you to take orders from women, Levi. You have always been different. Impervious to others. That is one thing I admired about you." She came around the desk, until she sat on it, next to me. Her perfume, an expensive blend of flowers, filled my space. But I didn't even flinch. Trembling, Carmen took one of my hands, lacing her fingers in mine.

"Why would you listen to your wife and ruin an arrangement we had, Levi." She held my fingers tight. I said nothing, only allowed my gaze linger on her. Her mask of calm breaking, Carmen lowered herself to her knees and reached for my fly. In one swift move, Levi instinctively held her hands in a tight grip, my gaze narrowed on her.

"Don't even think about it." I growled, furious. Carmen's face twisted in horror, fear gripping her.

"Levi," she whispered.

"You insulted my wife, you insulted me."

"Butwhy would you listen to herwhy don't you listen to my side of it?" She asked, nervously.

"She didn't tell me anything, Carmen. Crawford did. And you know what it did?" I released her hands, dropping them gently to her sides. Carmen shook her head.

"It reminded me of your status, Carmen. So I had to put you where you belong." I stated. Carmen parted her lips in shock. Tears pooled. She shook her head.

"You can't Levi. It would ruin me. Already, Copeland, Bethel, Macklesfield, they've sent their notices. They've pulled out. The rest will follow, Levi. They will all pull out their stocks. It would ruin me, Levi." Carmen cried, a harsh sob tearing through her. "I was loyal to you, Levi. You can't do this."

My heart was dead. I walked to the window. The rain stopped minutes ago, the city already lit.

"You were also a loyal whore to each of the names you just called, Carmen and many more. I am sure you'd survive." I heard her gasp. Her reputation was renowned in my circle. I turned to her.

"I don't want to ever see you anywhere near my wife or anything that concerns her again. If I do, then you wouldn't even have any stocks left to run your skin line business. Be grateful you were very good with your mouth."

And with that, I gathered my items and stalked out of the room.
###chapter 52: Harlem...
***Levi.***

Harlem brought back memories that I would have preferred buried. But desperate times they say, called for desperate measures. And I had to take this.

The car drove to a very isolated side of Harlem, not too far from the Harlem River. The building site, decades long abandoned, was dilapidated. Sometimes serving as a refuge for homeless people. I inwardly wondered how the tall building still stood. My gaze observed it from my side of the window, my mind anxious. There was no light on the building or its surrounding. It was all pitch black.

Climbing down the vehicle, I felt the stinging cold, my throat tightening. The smell of the last drops of rain, remained.
I clasped my coat, plumes coming out of my mouth. I had another car waiting a little further down, while Blake and I walked towards the tall building. The air was humid and smelled of filth. I masked the feelings and continued to walk. Blake's phone vibrated with an incoming call. We stopped, sharing a look, before Blake answered it.

"Top floor." Blake quietly announced, after he ended the call.

I nodded and together we continued. Navigating the building site, using Blake's torch. We climbed the stairs, my body growing rigid, my senses alert, as we mounted each step. The building evoking long forgotten memories to my mind's surface. My lips tightened, as a memory found its way in.

****
***18 years ago...***

*'Please, please, don't do this man. I swear I didn't mean to go against your orders. I" A sharp scream followed the words, the echoes from the building shrilling the night.*

*"Levi, Finish this. I don't want this mother fucker in my eyes one minute longer." A voice ordered, quietly.*

*The words a familiar sing song. I rose from where I had been sitting on a broken table, mindlessly watching the entire scene. Drawing closer, my steps taken in slow strides, I reached the screaming man, who was hung upside down from a rope. My eyes turned stone cold, my lips thin as I observed the man. Writhing and alarmed. Worrying his bonds, the man whimpered. Recognition in his eyes as he saw me.*

*"Please, LeviPlease. Ask him to give me another chance. It was Black PeaBlack Pea suggested the drop to Ice Fred, for better cutYou know I wouldn't do bad on him, man." The man desperately pleaded.*

*Pulling my blade, the light catching the fire that burned in a beat up barrel, I sneered.*

*"No one but him, calls me Levi here." I growled, quietly. "And as for Black Pea, he's own is coming."*

*At the horrorstruck look on the whimpering man's face, I grinned, darkly. With a precise stroke, my blade sliced the man's throat. A deep gurgling sound, quieting the night. The others that surrounded the fire, standing horrorstruck, staring at me with apprehensive eyes.*

**
***Now...***

"We're on the right floor, Levi." Blake's nudge shook me off that memory.

I stared blankly at Blake, trying to gather my thoughts. Then shuffles of footsteps came from beside me and we turned to see the shadow of a man, standing at the far end of what should have been a corridor. The man approached us, Blake shining his torch on him. He stood on a doorway, covered by a makeshift, plastic bag. The entire building was filled with such similar sights.

"You made it. Already thought I needed to take my offer elsewhere." The man jeered, the scent of smoke clouding him. He wore a camel colored trench coat, frayed at the edges. A pair of glasses, it's bridge held by a white tape, hung on his gaunt face. His hair, ruffled.

"Do you have all the existing evidence we asked for?" Blake asked, impatiently, ignoring the man.

"I believe the Senatorial aspirant has a tongue." The man jabbed. Blake moved for the man, but I stayed him.

"Give us a minute, Blake."

Blake levelled a hard gaze on the man, before he walked away.

Walking towards a window, away from earshot, I turned to the man, who now stood beside me. The dim light from the moon, illumined the man's features. He was a stupid Journalist; I had already deduced that. But I was willing to negotiate, because I had something to lose. This guy, I doubted, even knew where his next meal would come from.

"I have worked years as a freelance journalist, but never have I snagged the amount of money I have received on your account. I was paid by Crompton to dig out shit on you, you know. But your shit has been hard to find. I refused to give Crompton the files, because he didn't want to pay me all I asked. I only watered his appetite. Gave him a sneak peek to what I had." The man bragged, arrogantly. 

"So instead I decided to find you, knowing you would need this more. They're all in here. In this hard drive." The man chuckled, tapping his hand against his coat. Then lighting what must be another cigarette, he dragged on it. I silently watched him, expressionlessly.

"How much do you want?" I was curt, glaring hard. A grating chuckle sliced into the silence.

"Precise. I like that. No wonder you were hard to find. But I'll give you that, you are a reputable man, on the surface." The man sneered, smugly. He contemplated for a few moments. "10 million dollars and you've got the damned hard drive."

Momentarily gauging the man's words, I nodded. "Deal. My man would handle that. Just leave him the details, before we head out"

"AhAnd" The journalist cut in, mischievously. "I always wanted a house on the Bahamas. Something that I and the Misses and my little kids can enjoy." My jaw twitched. My lips a tight line, sensing the man's cunningness. I was ready to bet that the man had no wife or kids. But I was desperate to end this, before word reached Kenya.
###chapter 53: He Tripped...
***Levi.***

"Give the details to my man. He'd handle it." I repeated curtly, turning to leave.

Tension slowly ebbes away, as I neared the door way.

"Does your wife know that her country people were killed because of you, Senator?"

I stilled in my tracks, a chill suddenly claiming me. White flash crossed my eyes. My senses alert, waiting. But I barely knew what I was waiting for. I was only aware of something dark, replacing the initial persona that had walked up this building moments ago.

"I wonder how she fucks you at night, knowing that you killed countless of her people, including her father." The man's words cut into the night.

The jeer, a direct stab. A warning to my sheltered life with Kenya. An undercurrent to a potential rain of mayhem. A cataclysmic storm, which could rock my entire world and destroy this new life that God handed me on a golden platter. *Kenya*, my wife. My aphrodisiac. My friend. A purity that I didn't deserve, knowing my truth.
Yet, I wondered if I might have done something in my past life, to have been bestowed such a goddess. Because even though she didn't wish to accept it, even though she preferred to hate me, she had become a part of me that I couldn't lose.

And a threat from a despicable nobody, as this journalist, was only going to ruin this chance for me.

Turning around slowly, I sauntered towards the journalist. My face cloaked in the darkness. My silence stretched, the man unaware of the roiling anger that simmered inside. Reaching the man, I gave a sinister smile, inching closer. Towering over him, until the man was cornered.

"What was that you said again. Something about how I fucked my wife." I continued to inch closer, not a space left. The man spooked, backing further out into the night. The air suddenly hitting us, enveloping us. We were outside now, standing on a stone ledge that stretched out. I halted directly in front of him.

"NoNothingSenator." The man shook his head, his feet shifting nervously on the ledge. It had the width of a ramp, the ledge. Yet it was frightening, standing so high up. The moon reached us now and the man finally saw the hellish glare in my eyes.

"I thought so." I grinned, darkly. I turned away, as if heading back in the direction we came. Behind me, the journalist heaved a sigh.

"On second thought, I think not." And in two strides, I closed the space, picking up the much smaller man and threw him off the ledge.

It was quick, unexpected. The man didn't see it coming, hence he didn't even have the time to scream, for long, before he reached the floor. A thud sounded down, just as I heard the rush of feet come up beside me.

"What happened?" Blake asked breathlessly. He leaned forward, staring down. Horror and confusion furrowing his face. "Levi, what happened to the man?"

"He tripped." We watched the horrid sight below from the height; Blake breathless, me maintaining a frightening calm. After a few moments, I exhaled and turned to leave.
"Clean the mess Blake." I quietly uttered.

"What about the files we needed from him?" Blake called out, baffled.

"Check the hard drive in his pocket." I didn't give a backward glance.

***

***Sunday, Five days later...***

In a time of crisis, one of these actions is always certain of a man; fright or flight or fight. Fright, because there is no way out and there is no probability of an imminent solution, hence fear. Flight, because it is the only cowardly action. The safest option. And those two were never my options. I fought to the death, like a gladiator in the ring.

The car drove through the dark night that reflected my dark soul, as I returned from yet another impromptu campaign tour. This time amongst an immigrant community that wanted to pledge their support, as well as lay out their concerns. They wished to be fully recognized as members of the society; having affordable healthcare and housing. Afterall, they constantly partook in the nation's growth. The tiny cornerstones in an entire building structure.

I had listened to all they said, danced with a few of the elderly women, who had happily seen my presence as a sign of my commitment to the poor and disregarded. I had even played a game of solitaire and chess with the men. The only regret I had, was not bringing Kenya, because the community people, had all wanted her presence.
Seeing that It had been an unplanned tour, stemmed from the sorrow the people suffered, I had attended. And regret was something that rarely crossed my thoughts. 

My only thoughts lately have been centered on my marriage with Kenya, my duty to the helpless, and sometimes my business affairs. I rarely bothered about my Senatorial aspiration; seeing it as a duty, which I would carry out dutifully if I won. As for been desperate about wining, I rarely blinked a wink about that. All that actually robbed me of sleep these nights, was my marriage, which was hanging on the edge of a cliff at the moment.

Barely talking to me, it was like I didn't even exist in Kenya's world. A situation, which I barely managed well. My façade due to break any moment, because I was scared of losing her.

The ruination of my marriage, was a risk I couldn't condone. And any threat to our existence as a couple, I was willing to erase, no matter the cost.

On that cold night, five days ago, I had felt Blake's questioning gaze, when I had left the scene with the journalist, but I had ignored him. Returning home to my wife.
It was 10pm, when I arrived. And not wanting to disrupt her peaceful sleep, I had gone to the spare room, where I had slept since Saturday night's outburst.
###chapter 54: White Flag...
***Levi.***

Tonight, was for Kenya.

I wasn't deterred from laying down my weapons. Waving my white flag. I missed being inside her, terribly. I missed our old connection. And I had no idea to mend the rip. To return us back.

Walking into the penthouse, I was greeted by silence. I locked the door, moving further in.

Crossing to mount the stairs, a sight halted me.

Kenya, dressed in a transparent, pepper red strapless gown, stood on the doorway of the dining area. Her entire intimate parts, on display. Her hair, in a low chignon. I frowned, confusion creasing my forehead. My appreciative gaze, drank her in, assessing all she had to offer. Her perky breasts, full and welcoming beneath the dress. Enthralling. I lowered my gaze to the shadow that darkened in-between her thighs. My nerves heightened at the sight.

"Good evening husband. The monitor announced your arrival, so I got myself ready to welcome you." Kenya greeted sultrily, her eyes brazen.

I grew wide eyed, at her address. I had never heard her acknowledge me as her husband and I found myself baffled at it. Shifting a studious gaze to her, I saw a falter in her gaze, giving away a crack in her demeanor. I suddenly wondered at her countenance, what she was playing at. Suspicion and desire, warring within me.

Nodding my head, I redirected my steps and sauntered leisurely towards her, my dark gaze holding hers. I noticed Kenya squirm under my heated gaze, her thighs instinctively coming together. An evidence that her seduction equally affected her, as it did me. A dark grin danced on my lips.

Drawing close to her, her perfume, warming me senseless; roses and lavender. A new perfume, perhaps, I inhaled.

"You smell good, wife." I intoned, my breath grazing her right ear. Kenya inhaled a sharp breath, the sound, thrilling. Desire surged within me and centered in my aroused length. Seeing her discomfort, I smirked. I thumbed her chin, lowering my lips to claim a kiss. Soft. Slow. Intimate. Kenya moaned, impulsively, her eyes closed as she drank me in.

Pushing her, until her back was against the door, I deepened the kiss. Pressing myself, until there wasn't a space left.

My hands came up her sides, caressing her bare hands. Groping her and singing her skin, through the thin fabric of her dress. I didn't draw close to her breasts. Her nipples pointed, awaiting my touch. Her body caved, making Kenya hold me for support. Her hands, splayed on my shoulders, clutching me.

"Am sure there was a reason you had this done?" I asked against her lips. My whisper, hoarse. Kenya paused briefly, her eyes watching me, before she nodded.

"I made dinner." She smiled. I pulled back and watched her with fascination.

"You cooked? But there is the staff?" I incredulously asked. Mild amazement enveloping me. My heart already warm. I wondered if I had fallen from that building to my death that night, and not the journalist. Because this looked like I had died and gone to Heaven. Kenya, seducing, cooking for me; life couldn't be better.

"I had help and they all retired for the night." Kenya smiled sweetly. A balm to my condemned soul. Nodding in understanding, I smiled, tugging her hand.

"Come on, let's eat." I led us to the dining table.

The entire dinner arrangement was breathtaking, impressive. I was mesmerized at Kenya's efforts. A complete candle light with scented pillar candles, gracing the smooth, white marble, dining surface. The foods covered in fancy dinner wares. I sat on a dining stool, watching her with genuine interest, as she maneuvered the dining, serving us.

Sitting beside me, we ate in comfortable silence. I watched her from guarded eyes, as I ate. My mind distracted from the feel of all her bare skin beneath. The taste of the food; Rice, draped in a savory sauce, salad and chicken, was exquisite, sending me to a fever. The selected wine, a sweet Merlot variety, was smooth on the tongue and a perfect balance of fruity flavors. Dry, yet perfect. Its smell, earthy.

After eating, Kenya rose to go bring the desserts. My gaze lingered on her swaying hips. The outline of her bare bottom, showing underneath. When she returned, she dropped my dessert, her fingers lazily trailing mine. I swallowed, the gesture, which I couldn't determine if it was deliberate, sent me to madness.

I lowered my gaze to the glass of dessert; a chocolate hazelnut dessert, laced with dried mangoes and chocolate ganache, smelled divine. But something else called, a torturous desire. A burning so strong, I shook within. My hands trembling from all the course of pleasure that travelled through me. All her delectable self, mine for the taking.

"Come here." I beckoned with my dark gaze calling to Kenya. My dessert decided.

Kenya rose to her feet, measured steps swaying her hips, as she closed the distance.

I gently tugged her, closer, pressing my face to her belly, tasting her heat. She smelled sweet. I nipped her, kissed her on the spot, through the fabric. Kenya held my head, raking her fingers through my silky hair. I lowered my lips to her heated flesh, and kissed her there. Smelling her hot, heady arousal.

Lifting Kenya off the ground, I placed her on the dining surface. Her sharp intake of breath, trilling my senses. Shifting her further inside, I reached for my glass of dessert. Smiling, playfully.

"You haven't said a word to me in days, barely acknowledging my presence. How come tonight, not that am complaining." I hastily added the last bit. Kenya put her fingers into my hair, hesitantly kissing me. Delicious.

"My period. Women get cranky in those few days. Hormones." Her eyes crinkled, amusedly.

"I hope it wasn't too painful. I understand It can be disconcerting." I expressed, concerned. Recalling mum's painful episodes.

"A little." Her expression, thoughtful. "How did you know about the discomfort that accompanies it?"
###chapter 55: Dessert…
***Kenya.***

Levi hesitated, his expression meditative. I wondered why I needed to know. Not like I cared.

*But you do.*

I heard inside my heart. I dispelled the voice.

"Remember when I said we didn't have servants for over a decade." His tone was playful, a laugh accentuating his words. But I could feel the tension of his shoulders, beneath my fingers.

"So I used to help mum run to Mr Chen's drug store, when we first got into Hell's kitchen. Once her period starts, I run there and Mr Chen wraps all she needs for me. No charges. We barely had much to eat, in those first few months. Everyone was nice to us. Inviting us for dinners and stuff." Levi smiled, staring at me. His eyes softened.

I weakened in my heart "I am sorry that you had to go through that." I muttered, my hands coming to cup his face.

Levi locked gazes with me. Something passing between us. But it was fleeting, yet, I think we both felt it. Choosing to dispel the unnerving feeling, which I couldn't decipher, I focused on him as he picked his glass of dessert.

"Remember that night we first had dinner and I wanted to eat you for dessert?" He paused, watching the effect of his words play on my face.

My smile was timid, as my fingers picked off invincible specks on his shoulders.

"This is what I wanted to do that night."

I watched as Levi kissed me, slowly, deeply. His lips played with mine. His tongue teased mine. I reciprocated, pulling him closer, wounding my legs around him. Levi pressed himself into me, his hand gripping me tight.

***

***Levi***.

My breath hitched sharply, as my arousal pressed into her opened thighs. A moan escaped her as she felt the painful pressure of my arousal, nudging her. She squirmed under the pressure. Her center already slick.

Lying her gently, until she was flat on the table, I slowly bunched up her dress. She complied as I raised her legs to the table's surface, pulling up the hem of her dress so slow. My fingers deliberately trailing along the parts of her skin, left bare by my actions. A kiss or two was equally dropped, to replace the feel of my fingers.

Reaching her center, I inhaled a sharp breath at the sight of her, pantless. I heard her chuckle. Her center already slick, welcoming. And I could smell her arousal coming out strong, teasing.

A pleasant mix of tangy and fruity scents, sailed up my nostrils. My gaze, appreciative. I had earlier suspected her pantless, with the shadow that had settled there, earlier. I was thrilled at my confirmed suspicions.

"I am going to do wicked things to you tonight, Kenya. Especially as you have been a good girlCooking. Making us dessert." Soft kisses punctuated inside her thighs, as I saved her sweet, slickness for last. I smiled wickedly, seeing her eagerness.

"And am going to enjoy every moment of doing all that to you." I added, as I spooned some cold chocolate at the entrance of her center. Kenya jerked at the unexpected coldness. She stilled, making to shift. But my gentle fingers stayed her, reassuring her. At the same time, I lowered my lips to her and placed a small kiss onto her center. Kenya inhaled a sharp breath.

"Levi" Kenya moaned, shakily.

Since that night after the party she had avoided my presence, preferring to stay away from me. My thoughts running wild for her, whenever I sensed her near. But this night wasn't going to be all for her. A penance. A plea.

"Levi" Kenya cried, as the first lick from my skillful tongue, accompanied my kiss. I lapped her pearl, loudly. Licking my way through, until she juiced into my mouth. I licked the entire delectable dessert; all smudgy, soft, sticky and dripping, in her pussy. Her entire being, prone to my whispers. Her body, reacting to my familiar licks and kisses. My tongue on her pearl, sucking her.

Rocking her hips, Kenya allowed my tongue to thrust into her, sucking and stroking her. Circles, strokes, teasing, until she was limp. Her entire body rigid, before she broke into a complete fever.

"Levi!" Kenya cried out, as her body shattered beneath my ministrations. Her hold, crashed.

As soon as I heard her cry of release, I lifted myself to my full height, my extended cock, hard and rigid. Taking down my zipper, I allowed my cock free, the pain from my own arousal, tearing through me. Days of going without Kenya, evident in the way my hands trembled, as my fingers stroked my cock. The precum, already dripping from my fingers.

"See what you do to me, BabyAm dripping for you." My sultry voice echoed through the haze of need that stretched through us.

Positioning myself at the entrance of her wet center, I eased myself home. Her body, tight, slick, dripping with her sweet, savory cum, stretching for me. Kenya let a soft cry, as my cock stretched her whole. I was gentle. Not pushing, not aggressive. My deliberate, slow invasion, allowing her body take me whole, Until I was buried to the hilt in her. I stood over her, my hands gripping her thighs, as I was embedded in her, her pussy, pulsing. Her body, trembling. The scent of her desire filling my nostrils. The taste of her and the chocolate, sating me, soaking my senses.

Barely able to contain myself, wanting to see her body glow under the soft light, I ripped her dress. She gasped at the painful tug, her body bare before me. A delectable chocolate hue, just like the one she had served me. Her breasts, full, glorious before me, I reached for one nipple and bit into it. Stroking the other nipple, pinching it and having Kenya writhing in minutes. Her naked body squirmed for me. Her puckered nipples, calling my name. Her hips, rocking.
###chapter 56: Play...Baby...
***Kenya.***

I rolled my hips, sultrily.

The marble table top, cold to my bare skin. Stinging me on one end, while Levi was buried into me on the other end. I rolled some more, the pain singing through me. Pleasurable, aching. My body longing for his familiar stokes. And he, sensing my need, began moving his hips. His cock punishing. He pulled me to him, the gesture, thrusting him further inside. My bottom, raised in his hands.

I think he grew wicked and he ventured to do something new for me. Holding my hot bottom in his hands, my legs wrapped round his hips, our bodies pressed together, while we kissed, Levi pumped me. Faster and faster at a pace that surprised me. I held him tight, my lips parted from his as I watched our bodies, joined together. Not a space between us. The scent of our arousal, sinful. Unforgivable.

I cried; from the sweet pain, from the satisfaction I derived. From the craving he caused. I wanted him whole. I didn't wish this to ever end. Because once it ended, the reality that surrounded us, would implode this feeling of desire we shared. A feeling I had tried to deny, countless times. Even when Levi had stated it. Even when Claudine had implied it days ago.

I felt my body shutting off, as thoughts of Claudine crept in. Sensing my sudden shift, Levi gave room in between our bodies. And putting a deft finger, while he continued to pump me faster, he toyed with my hardened, juicy pearl. Pulsating and pliant to his touch. I succumbed to the sudden call to surrender, to take Levi whole. I rolled my hips, digging myself deeper into him.

"Play with your nipples for me, baby." Levi intoned, his voice grazing the shell of my right ear.

I moaned. My fingers quietly obeyed, toying with my hardened nipples. I had never played with myself before. I had heard of ladies doing it. The pleasure it gave, exploring their bodies. But this, this was totally new to me. Levi was bringing a new side to me. With a new position and idea, every time we had sex. It was all maddening.

I copied the way he had teased my nipples countless times, my fingers acting from instinctive memory and I moaned deeper. The ache, intense, reaching me and tugging my center. My entire body so exposed to Levi, all at his mercy. Yet, I didn't care. I had already surrendered to him the moment I first set my eyes on him, at the theater. It was only for time to allow my body accept all the pleasures he could give. And if that was all we could get, then it was acceptable to me.

"AmAm cumin, Levi" I cried, my voice climbing as I neared release.

Levi's fingers worked my clit, my fingers twitching and twisting my nipples. It was all consuming.

"Cum for me, baby. Don't hold back" Levi pleaded.

He pumped a little bit faster, then given one slow stroke, he pulled out and pushed in again, sending me to the height of a maddening orgasm.

My body grew rigid for a second. My body breaking, causing me to crash into a world, a time he had created for us. My cum flooded him. Gripping his cock, Levi gave one final push. He gave a guttural cry of triumph, as his cock went taut. Full, throbbing inside me. Flooding me with his own release. Our juicy cum, synchronized. He gripped me, his entire soul singing my name.

Pulling out of me, he gave me a long, deep kiss. My heart bursting with excitement. He pulled back, taking off his jacket to cover me.

It seemed his mind only centered on devouring me whole earlier. And now, he was calm. Smiling at him, my eyes, falling into a timid gaze, I spoke first.

"Did you enjoy dessert?" I bit my lip, my eyes searching his for assertion. A wide grin split Levi's face.

"Did I? That was the most delicious dessert I have ever tasted." Levi kissed me, playfully.

I chuckled at his playfulness. His lips coming to bite my ears, the action tickling me.

We both chuckled, while I climbed down the table. My feet touching the ground, I curiously watched him, as he slipped his still hard cock, into his pants.

"WhyWhy are you still hard? Were you not satisfied?" I impulsively blurted out, disappointment stinging me.

Displeased that he hadn't found satisfaction after being inside me. After the heated pleasure we just shared. I had heard from Andrea and read that a man only remained hard, if he found a woman inadequate in bed. And now I felt inadequate, unable to satisfy him. I suddenly wondered if this had happened more than once, and I only hadn't noticed it until now.

Levi lifted an amused expression to me, his grin boyish. He parted his lips to speak, but shut it again, chuckling. I saw his unease and feared the worst.

"II promise you that wasveryincredible" He was lost for words, his hands coming up to cup my face, tenderly. I eyed him, dubiously.

"Then why are you still like that?" I lowered my eyes to his still bulging cock. Levi followed my gaze and smiled. He placed a tender kiss on my lips.

"That is to tell you thatI enjoyed all we did, but" He paused, searching for words.

"But?" I pressed.

"But. I. Want. More."

Levi emphasized each word with a deep kiss. An astonished gaze, followed by a bright smile, climbing my face, at those words. I deepened the kiss, pressing myself further into him. Levi responded to the kiss with an equal fervor, before he pulled away, slightly.

I watched him, my body already reacting with excitement. I wanted this again. He satisfied me. I should do the same.

"You are very sore at the moment and still getting used to passion. I shouldn't overwhelm you."
###chapter 57: Take Me Again...
***Levi***.

I breathed, lying through my teeth, because my body said differently.

My truth pulsated in my pants, even as I kissed her. My hands caressing her. I caught sight of her exposed breasts peeking through my unbuttoned coat and it excited me some more.

A gaze crossed her face, which I didn't understand. My mind already finding a distraction from the desire that still simmered in me. And then I heard,

"Take me again." The words came out as a plea. A mercy call.

I stilled, watching her with mild surprise at her request. I gauged her expression, my gaze measured. My lips went dry at the thought, my tongue, tied. Luckily, Kenya found that moment to add a few more words, because I couldn't.

"But" She started, pulling away from my arms, her expression, playful.

Backing away from me, as I amusedly watched her, she continued.

"You would have to catch me first." She finished, turning around and running in the direction of the stairs, leading to the rooms upstairs.

Catching up to her game, I laughed and followed in her wake. My laughter, chasing her. We raced the stairs, with my jacket, hanging over her thighs, as she ran.
She reached the master suite; our room, which we hadn't slept in together, since we returned to Manhattan.

I was amused to this side of her. It didn't take me long to catch her in the room.

Sultrily, she took off my jacket, as we locked gazes. Letting the jacket fall softly to the floor, Kenya backed up towards the bed, her eyes beckoning me. Her body nude, her hips swaying. I shut the door and sauntered towards her, like a hunter. The rest of my top clothes coming off one by one.

Reaching her, I stood before her in my suit pants. Towering over her, raking a heated gaze over her beautiful body. My hand went for her hair and undid the knot, until her hair was free. The beautiful length of her wavy locks, attractive and full. Covering her entire scalp. I allowed my fingers toy with her scalp, her head leaning to the touch.

"Your hair is beautiful, I haven't seen it like this before." I smiled, closing the space between us. She purred, evoking a slight, throaty growl of my own.

I leaned towards her neck, my lips placing silent kisses. My teeth, grazing her neck, her pulsing veins, responding to me. My hands came up to cup her face as I continued to kiss her neck and painfully sucked her skin. A gasp escaped Kenya's mouth.

Ignited by the flames, Kenya intensified the kiss. She pressed her naked body into me, until we could barely breathe.

I backed us both to the bed, the kiss not breaking. I sat down slowly and pulled her on top of me, her naked legs, straddling me.

Her cold wetness against my boxer briefs and my breath hitched. I couldn't wait any longer, because my body was aflame.

"Kenya, are you sure you can take me again?" I asked, concerned. Kenya, breathless, searched my emerald-green, gaze. I don't know what she saw in my eyes; Tenderness? Hunger?

Silently, she boldly reached for my pants, gasping, as she felt my rock hardness. She licked her lips. Sultry. Her eyes held mine, as she touched me. The pain in my gaze, bordered between a painful surrender and pleasure. Because for the first time, timidly she rubbed my shaft. The intimacy, swirling my insides. Her clumsiness, jerking me to a fire.

In a few moments, she located her entrance, her smile devious as she lifted herself. Excruciatingly, Kenya sat back in my lap, this time, allowing herself to be impaled by my hard cock. I groaned.

"Levi" she gasped, delicious pain shooting through me.

"Yeah, baby" I breathed. My grunts, evidence of her tight sheath, clamping me. "Is this what you want?" I smiled, my kiss coming hard against her lips. Kenya whimpered, her knees, gripping me, as she began to move. Her hips, rolling above me, her breasts, bouncing. I leaned in and kissed one nipple, before I pulled it in for one, powerful suction.

"OhKenyaBabyYou are mine. No one else's. You belong only to me." I gasped, my hips pumping her. Fast. Slow. Fast. Slow. Circles. My grunts. Her gasps. My groans. Her moans.

We were so pressed together. She moved timidly above me, her body flexible, as we danced to the rhythm.

My muscles, aching in places I had no idea could ache. Yet I relished in the ache. She was Mine. No one else's. Mine to please me. Mine to wield as I deemed fit.

I hadn't any idea what to expect tonight. But this was undeniably wonderful. A memorable night, which I doubted would ever leave me. Tonight, I felt Kenya's power of seduction and it fascinated me. Scared me, because it only revealed my addiction to her. My crave for her essence.

'*What if she finds the truth about her father?'*

An inner voice stole inside my head. Fright creeping in.

And in that moment, Kenya looked into my eyes, her gaze locked to mine. The intensity that pooled in the depth of her eyes, tilted my world. Frightened me, as we responded in rhythm to the dance of passion. I couldn't hurt her. I never wanted to. It would shatter us both.

And just then, I felt her climax mounting like a pressure of snow. An avalanche, ready to fall. A cry escaping her lips, my name like a gentle plea, Kenya came again. Her orgasm, wrenching her, tearing through her.

Her clamping sheath, clasped me like a set of powerful jaws, and I found my release.

Moments after the steaming passion together, I listened to Kenya's even breaths as she slept. Her head placed peacefully on my chest.

Caressing her hair, naked and sleek with sweat. Both barely covered by the silk sheets, I smiled, contentedly and allowed myself fall into sleep.
###chapter 58: A Trojan Horse...
***Levi.***

Early the next morning, a Monday, I came out of the gym and strolled into the kitchen.

His housekeeper handed me two cups of coffee and a large, American Express Mail, which I tucked in the crook of my arm. I strolled upstairs, a smile splitting my face, as I anticipated seeing my beautiful wife.

Entering the room, I shut the door softly, half expecting Kenya to be out of bed. But to my delight, she was still in bed, her body swallowed by the wave of sheets.

Dropping the coffee cups and the envelope on the nightstand beside the bed, I leaned in and placed a kiss in her hair. She stirred, her body lazily turning to her back, her bare breasts jumping into sight. Desire quaking inside me again, even after I had been utterly drained by our passionate night.

Unable to help myself, I lay on the bed and sucked one nipple. Kenya moaned, her body instantly responding to me. She giggled, as she saw I nuzzled her breasts some more.

"Good morning, beautiful." I smiled boyishly, as she sat upright, a shy grin spitting her face.

"Good morning." She leaned in and kissed me. I kissed her back and turned around to reach for a cup of coffee for her. She took it and smiled, appreciatively, her naked breasts, covered by one of the sheets. I equally took the other cup and sipped, generously. Leaning my head against the headboard, silently watching her.

"I enjoyed last night." I intoned. My words made Kenya pause. I smiled, amusedly.

"The project at the dance school is almost completed. It just needs some little time. Am sorry that it has taken this long." My words dragged her eyes to mine.

"But I promise you that the wages of all your colleagues are still in order." I watched her, waiting for her response.

Kenya only nodded her head. I reached a hand and caressed hers, the contact, surprising her. *Though ours wasn't a conventional marriage, but I could get used to this. Not fighting*, I thought.

Averting her eyes, demurely, Kenya caught sight of the large, brown envelope, which lay on the nightstand.

"What is that?" She asked, returning my attention to the envelope in question.

"Oh, I don't know." I turned, picking the envelope. "It says from a Katie Williams, Attorney of law."

I shrugged, ripping the envelope at the same time. Silently, I brought out the papers, documents. Examining them, my earlier desire and playfulness, instantly turned into horror.

Lifting my gaze to Kenya in disbelief, I muttered. "What is this. Kenya?"

***

***Kenya.***

My gaze remained on my coffee. My silence infuriating Levi.

"Kenya!" He growled tightly, "I asked you a question. What the fuck is this?" I could sense his irritation, his rage and *hurt?*

I remained silent, my hands trembling in spite of my calmness. My eyes couldn't face him; they were fixed on the cup of coffee. But I knew I couldn't remain silent.

Rising from the bed, like the bed suddenly singed him, Levi shook the papers in his hand. "Kenya, I have here some Katie Williams stating that she is your attorney and that you have purchased, *J'aime*, as in Claudine's school. And that from now on, every damned liability is your responsibility?" He raised a questioning brow, his eyes ferocious.

Inhaling a steady breath, I roused out of the bed. The sheets fell to the floor, but I ignored them, walking around the bed in the direction of the bathroom.

"Kenya!" Levi's voice halted me in my tracks.

Turning around to face his angry stare, I spoke, shakily.

"That isn't the only set of documents you should be expecting. Am sure the ones pertaining to my being partners with Dave, Alan and Amanda, would be reaching you soon."

Levi frowned, his eyes staring at me in horror. "You can't do that! AmandaDave, AlanThey all have dirt in their handsAnd if the authorities get to know this about them and you are equally involved, it could land you jail term!" Levi tightly declared, tossing the papers to the bed and coming to hold my shoulders. I defiantly held his gaze, my eyes steady.

There was a crack in me. My heart tearing at his words, even though I had guessed that possibility. But this was a risk I was willing to take, to take control of my life again from this man. This man, who had manipulated me, owned me.

Now I wanted life on my own terms. Wearing a tight grin, I spoke.

"Then I guess you would have to make certain that the authorities never find out."

Levi's eyes softened at those words.

"As long as I have my life back. As long as you feel as hurt as you made me feel, the day you stole my life from me, then it is all worth it." I spat.

Levi's expression shifted to a bitter look.

"So this is about pay back."

"YesAnd about me having a life for myself." I sneered. I shrugged his hands off my shoulders, my nude hips swaying, as I turned away from him, heading to the bathroom.

"So last night was nothing but a fucking Trojan Horse? The calm before the storm?" Levi accused. His voice came out low, but bitter. An undercurrent of anguish and betrayal, mixed in those words.

I halted, the words resonating inside me. The pain exuded from them, a thorn, biting into me. A damned arrow, piercing through my heart. For a second, I stood there, questioning the justification behind my recent actions; behind last night. My heart shredding into tiny pieces as the enormity of his accusation sank in.

Rather than responding, I picked my pace, strolling into the bathroom. Shutting the door behind me.

Once I entered the bathroom, I sank onto the cold marble floor. Folding myself in, I allowed sobs wrack my entire body. Pain seeping into me, like cold on a winter morning.
###chapter 59: Guilt...
***Kenya.***

I sat in the café across *J'aime*, my eyes absently watching the men, as they fixed the building.

My coffee was already running cold, but I didn't mind. My eyes barely registered the movements carried out by the construction workers. My husband's construction workers. They had helmets and gear, bearing STA Construction's. My heart ripped to more shreds as memories of the previous night and earlier in the morning crossed my mind.

A night that had actually turned out remarkable for me, given the intentions I had harbored, somehow felt wrong now. The victory I gained in the end, hollow. I sat down, the words he had thrown at me, when I walked to the bathroom, eating me inside.

*'So last night was nothing but a fucking Trojan Horse? The calm before the storm?'*

I instinctively shut my eyes tight, to the memory of those words. Banishing them intentionally, so that I wouldn't feel the guilt that threatened to buckle me.

Despair, threatening to engulf me at the pain I had heard in Levi's voice. A pain I had never heard from him before. Like the night had actually meant more to him than I could have imagined. As if the passion we had shared had travelled deep into our souls.

When I had returned from the bathroom, I had been greeted by silence. Disappointed that he had left the room, without another word. I had dressed up and come down stairs, only to find him already heading out of the house. The sound of the monitor, announcing Levi's departure, reminding me of the night before and the heated passion.

Staring at my phone screen, which I hadn't checked all morning, due to my distracted thoughts, I replied to the messages. A couple of old messages from Alan and Amanda. Alan's informing me to come by to finalize formalities for my new movie role and prepping for our business partnership. Amanda's to discuss the business partnership as well.

There was an old one from Andrea and K.C as well.

***Andrea: Will be there late. Have to grab some lists from Mike at work.***

***10pm, yesterday.***

***K.C: Hi, beautiful. Sorry I have been very busy with work. I hope you are doing well? The last time we talked, you told me you had a fight with your husband. Has he been a good husband since then?***

***2am, today.***

"Hey babes. What you doing staring at your phone, as if you are out of this world." Andrea's voice, rang from beside me. Jolting me out of the misery that distracted me, from responding to K.C's message.

Grateful that I didn't have to respond to that message about my husband. A message, where another man, I didn't know, called me beautiful. A message that had just stared back at me, reminding me of my guilt and agony. Of my betrayal. Of the depths I had finally succumbed to. It was like I had a war within me.

I wasn't this kind of person. I was a good person. But somehow, my marriage to Levi turned me into something I wasn't.

"Am fine Andy. Am just tired." I sighed, keeping my phone away and rubbing my forehead in frustration. It was 12:30 pm.

"You don't look fine, girl. You look like" Andrea trailed off, watching me as she sat across. Her blue eyes, steady on me. She was as beautiful as she was perceptive, her gaze always analytical. It was difficult hiding things from her.

"I look like what?" I pressed. Sipping my already cold coffee. It tasted bland.

Andrea reached a hand to mine, her olive skin, flushed from the July heat outside. Her hair, cascading down her shoulders, Andrea continued.

"You look terrible, Ken. For someone married to one of the most handsome and wealthiest men in the world, you don't look good. It's like there is something hidden there. Is marriage not treating you well?" Andrea searched my eyes, her expression, encouraging.

Shaking my head and averting Andrea's gaze, I replied. "It's nothing, Andy. Am just exhausted. All thesetransition to owner and co-partner, is just weighing on me."

Andrea considered my words for a moment, before she nodded. Beckoning to a waiter, who arrived, shortly, Andrea ordered some coffee and hot rolls. I equally ordered a fresh cup.

"So, I have here, list of dancers, who are interested in working with you at J'aime, once it reopens. I equally have list of parents, who want their kids enrolled in the school. But there is one problem." Andrea laid the papers before me, her fingers highlighting important sections. "The guys at Byron's are unconvinced about embarking on this new project with you."

"Why?" I asked, my cup held in midair.

Andrea shrugged. "They informed Mike that with Byron, they have safety. With you, their income is uncertain. What if you fail? That was their concern." Andrea bit into her roll. I eyed her awkwardly, wondering where all the sweets Andrea ate, went to.

"What?!" Andrea asked, her mouth stuffed. I smiled in amusement.

"Where the fuck does all that junk food go, Andrea. You do know you would have to be in top shape, to be a director of dance." I reminded.

Andrea rolled her eyes, teasingly and smiled. "I'd burn it out in no time." I nodded, my mind mentally assessing Andrea's revelation about the potential dancers.

I had met some of our colleagues, after concluding things with Claudine. And with Dave's permission, I had informed them my need for new dancers. Dancers who would work shifts, bringing in new ideas for the growth of the school. I had even informed Dave of my ideas, which he had welcomed. Happy that I had become a partner. He had been completely impressed.

However, if they didn't want to work with me, for fear of uncertainty, I couldn't press them. They were the best I knew at Byron's and I couldn't force them out of their comfort zone, to uncertainty with me.
###chapter 60: I Stopped Low...
***Kenya.***

"What about Mike and Rory, what's their take?" I asked, disappointment evident in my voice. i had expected a few drags along the way. Still, encountering them now was unsettling.

"Mike and Rory are in for real. They have been the ones scouting and talking with the others. As a matter of fact, Mike sees the job as Dance director for male students, a great climb. The pay you quotedHe" Andrea hesitated, her eyes holding mine awkwardly. I watched her, wondering.

"What?" I urged, impatiently.

Andrea smiled. "He even asked me to marry him. Well, since that day, he has been asking, every time we make love." Andrea smiled. My eyes widened in amazement and adoration.

"Oh my God, Andy! Congratulations!" I crossed the table and hugged Andrea. We shared a tearful moment, before we pulled back. Sitting back in my seat, I sensed something wrong in Andrea's demeanor.

"What is it? Andy?" I raised my brow. Andrea hesitated, before she spoke.

"I don't know, Ken. I am not sure."

"What do you mean? Sure about what?" I asked, concerned.

"About the whole marriage thing." She shrugged, helplessly.

"But, Mike loves you, Andy. He adores you." I smiled, tenderly. My hands came to hold Andrea's. My eyes teary. I envied the uncomplicated relationship that Mike and Andrea shared. *Something I might never have with Levi*. Andrea's eyes watered, doubt, pain and fear, lurking beneath.

"Am afraid, Ken. What if he is a terrible husband? What if it doesn't work. You know I used to see my father beat up my mum. Broke my mum's eye socket. Caused her face to be distorted. If my step father hadn't been a God's sent, she would never have found a man with that face again." Tears slipped down Andrea's face. I understood her pain.

She had shared her childhood tales with me, when we became friends. A tale, which Andrea had reluctantly narrated. One which had garnered an admiration for Andrea's mum, from me. It had been a bold move to remarry, after enduring such a grueling ordeal in marriage. To trust again, after such hurt.

"Andy, your mum's story isn't your own." I quietly started, seeing facial features of Andrea's mum in my friend. "Although you have her spirit, her courage." We laughed. "Yet, your stories aren't the same. Mike is a good man. I have seen how much he loves you. He adores you, Andy. He wouldn't be the same as your father." A shadow of uncertainty still held in Andrea's eyes.

"ButBut what if I am a bad wife. What if I provoke him? Betray him? What if I cause him pain, Ken?" Andrea cried, softly. Doubt drowning her gaze.

My heart tugged, reminding me of last night. The way I had gone about pulling schemes to cause Levi as much emotional damage, as he had caused me. Manipulating Claudine, my sister and brother in-law, with their weaknesses. Manipulating Dave with what he loved best, money. Seducing Levi, just like he had seduced me, knowing the plans I had underway. Knowing the outcome of my seduction. Having a steaming, passionate night with him, which I could never forget. Getting into his heart; cooking for him, dessert, being his dessert.

It had all been worth it, seeing him manipulated by my own power of seduction. My power as a woman. Succumbing to his sort of games, to get even with him, as well as setting up an achievement for myself. After all, he had urged me to purchase whatever I wanted and I had chosen to purchase new businesses for myself.

Unfortunately, the end hadn't felt great. I felt reprehensible. A bad wife. A woman, I wasn't proud of.

"Why do you have that look?" Andrea asked, her brows raised as she guardedly watched me. I stared, helpless at the consequences of my own actions.

"It's nothing, Andrea." I felt a wetness on my face and dabbed it. I stared in shock at the tears. The guilt inside was torture. And there was something else, which I couldn't understand. "I stooped low, Andy, that's all." I muttered, sniffing. Andrea stared, confused. She couldn't understand my tears and just reached out to hold me.

"Whatever it is, Ken, it can be fixed, okay. Just tell me. Trust me, you've never stooped low. You are the best person I've ever met." Andrea held me tight, as I cried, softly.

"Am afraid, Andy, I am not as good as I thought. These days I don't even recognize myself." I confessed, pulling back to clean my eyes with a tissue.

Andrea watched me, wanting to question further, but she didn't. My friends knew my preference for my privacy. A quality that I have always upheld since I was little. Seeing my anguish, I was grateful that Andrea didn't press further.

"What do you think about having a collaboration with Byron's; J'aime becomes a learning extension of Byron's. In addition, having paid placement programs organized for the kids with other dance companies?" I asked, sniffing again. My voice hoarse. I had harbored the idea, since I sealed the deal with Dave. But I had wanted to develop it more. Now with the others unsure of my footing, I needed to give them a reason to trust my judgements.

"LikeI don't get you, Babes." Andrea looked confused. Her eyes gazing at me.

Inhaling a steady breath, I explained. "I mean, how about showing these kids something different. Like signing them up with Byron's to perform at the theater, say quarterly. We select some talented, mature students, they go to perform with professionals in small roles. Exposing them to the world of dancing.

"At the same time, sharing the spotlight with Dave. Giving the company more public recognition. Parents will see Byron and J'aime, as a formidable pair that promotes career growth in junior and senior dancers. An opportunity for the kids. Subsequently, other dance companies will want to hire the paid services of Byron's junior team."
###chapter 61: Protect Her...
***Kenya.***

"The kids get paid, allowing them a sense of responsibility." I allowed my words sink into Andrea, who grew thoughtful.

"How would that promote you?" She questioned, intrigued.

"As a school, if we have exchange programs with other schools and the placement programs with professional companies, they will see us as a serious business. And perhaps, this people who have no faith in me, will come around. Offering their services." I watched Andrea, gauging her reaction.

Andrea was thoughtful, analyzing the idea.

"Maybe we take the kids from 13 and above, for a start and see where this goes. Signing them up with Byron's will need them to be really insured, both mentally and physically." Andrea proposed, her eyes containing some excitement and less of the earlier doubt.

"Not a problem. The attorney you recommended for me, Katie, can get on it. She would do all the legal aspect. As for mentally and physically protecting the kids; that's where each director comes in. We will be there for the kids and their parents will be utterly involved; even financially," I said, my eyes steady on Andrea.

Watching Andrea's expression morph from pessimism to fascination and finally absolute loyalty, was a relief. Heaving a sigh, I picked up one hot roll from Andrea's plate and finally started chewing on something. My appetite, finding its way back to me, since last night.

"Have I told you yet that Odette has lost face with Dave?" Andrea picked up. I turned to her, taken aback by the conversation's turn. Shaking my head, I swallowed the food in my mouth, unable to mask my curiousity.

"What happened? I asked.

Andrea shrugged. "I don't know fully. But it seems she got pregnant for Dave's nephew, who isn't interested in being a father, anytime in the near future. And apparently, the issue is brewing trouble in the Byrons family. And you know how family oriented Dave is." She took a bite of another roll and sipped her coffee.

I was wide-eyed, as I considered the information. I knew of Dave's nephew, a charmer like his uncle, Ryan Byron. He was a star player for one of the top baseball leagues. And he was very easy on the eyes. But I never knew that Odette would fancy a man such as Ryan. She usually sought other dancers like herself; Patrick Lloyd, for example, were her preference.

"I didn't know Odette was into baseball athletes. Doesn't he play for the"

"New York Yankees." Andrea filled in, sipping more coffee.

"Ahthat's right." I recalled, still digesting the words.

"Apparently, after you stole her spotlight, because of Levi's influence, she drew closer to Ryan, being rich and all. And boom, she got pregnant, so easily. Ryan claims he isn't the father. That's why she had a fall out with Dave. She thought Dave would back her up, no matter what." Andrea was enjoying this. It was explicit on her face.

"How did you know all this?" I asked, awestruck at my friend's detailed narration.

"The entire argument happened at Byron's. Ryan came to see his uncle, and Odette, who it seemed had already confronted Ryan on the issue, thought bringing it up before his uncle, would score her some round. Sadly, she was mistaken. All the hunk of a man kept screaming was; I told you before that shit isn't mine." She smiled, seeing my mild frown. "After what Odette did to you, she deserves all she got. She was too bossy. Such a bitch."

I couldn't agree more. But being pregnant and alone, I couldn't begin to imagine the girl's suffering. Worse, the child was being rejected. *Disheartening*.

"Hey, come on let's take a tour of our new work place." Andrea beamed, her voice distracting me. I managed a smile as Andrea instinctively pulled me to my feet and dragged us to the door.

Perhaps the tour of the new J'aime, would distract me a bit, I thought, as we pushed our way across the street. Thankfully I sneaked out without Ryan's knowledge. Today I was a me time.

***

***Levi***.

"Levi, you've got to calm down." Blake emphasized, his eyes on me.

I was enraged. I had been since I received that damned mail, this morning. My groin tightened pleasurably at the memory of what transpired before this morning. A passion filled night. Aching passion, shared between us. But my disapproval at her most recent actions, banished the sweet memory immediately.

Glaring at Blake, I said, "You don't know what this means. These people she has partnered with, all possess time bombs in their archives. Unclean slates, which if investigated by the feds, will lead her to years in jail." I raged. Pacing around my office.

After a moment of silence, Blake's voice came. "If it bothers you that much, protect her."

I stilled, turning to face him. A knowing look crossing my face, as I let him continue.

"At this moment, all the retrieved evidence from the D. A's office, as you requested earlier today, have been safely tucked away. But you have to ensure she doesn't fall into trouble, as you fear. Use this evidence you have as a weakness against them." Blake suggested.

When the revelation surfaced this morning, I had channeled all my fury to her betrayal. All rational thoughts, gone. I had immediately called Blake to retrieve and secure the documents. I hadn't even thought of putting them into use.

At the moment, I was only in possession of Kenya's legally binding agreement with Claudine Bark. They were to share the profits, while Kenya bore the bulk of liabilities. An agreement which I suspected, Kenya was responsible for. And the damned agreements were completely binding. No fucking escape clauses. My lawyers had thoroughly checked, her rookie lawyer had done her research well.

As for the other documents, I had to wait until they reached me. My frustration was palpable as my mind worked.

"Fight the contracts. Sue her for breach of our marriage."
###chapter 62: A Kid...
***Levi.***

Blake raised a brow.

"In the 21st century, you want to sue a woman for maintaining her independence." Blake intoned.

I glared at him, already feeling stupid. *God! She was mushing my brain*!

"This isn't independence! If Kenya wishes for independence, I'd buy her the freaking world. This is mere spite!" I bellowed, my anger rising. I crossed to a window.

Blake inhaled behind me and I already hated his next words.

"You can't hold her back. It's infringement. If she goes to court, you'd lose before a judge for trying to deprive her of her rights to freedom."

An awareness crossed my expression. I knew what he was saying. He was absolutely right. If she ever reported such about me, I would lose my marriage. And worse, I never advocated such behaviors; depriving the rights of women.

Blake came behind me, placing a palm over my shoulder.

"Give her a chance. Watch her grow from this. I have interacted with her before and she is an intelligent woman. She knows more upstairs than you give her credit for. And for her to have come up with this ploy, it shows how clever she is." Blake mentioned.

A smile of appreciation lit my face at his comment. He was right, she was a strategist. I released my breath. I didn't even know that I had been holding it in.

"Get me her attorney's attention. And get ready for us to go on a trip." I stated, firmly. My eyes absently gazed out my window.

"Alright."

My phone rang, and I picked it from my pocket. Andrea Macgregor, flashed on the screen. Kenya's friend. I frowned as I answered the call.

"Mr RuthfordSir. It's Andrea, Kenya's friend" She stuttered. I heard panic in her voice.

"What is it?" I asked, alarmed.

"It's KenyaSSomething happened..."

"What happened?" I asked, tightly. My heart already racing, uncontrollably, as her words sank in.

"She in the hospital Sir... She's had an accident."

I blanched. My blood ringing in my ears.

***

It was 5 pm in the evening. Dusk already around the corner, as I gazed at Kenya.
Since I arrived here hours ago, after Andrea's call, I had sat here, devotedly. My fingers laced with Kenya's, as she lay in the hospital bed, sedated and well.

***5 hours ago***

I didn't wait for Andrea's details on the accident. I only entered my car, arriving the hospital at break neck speed. I expected the traffic violation tickets later, but fuck if I cared.

In the hospital, I immediately headed for the ward Andrea had named. No one stopped me as I rushed to the ward. I was like a mad man.

"Kenya!" I called, as I barged into the room. I saw a contrite Andrea and a couple of young men, all seated around my wife. I had been introduced to all three of them, that night at our reception. But I hadn't taken note of the men then. To me, they had just been young men circling round two friends.

Andrea stepped forward to meet me.

"Mr Ruthford"

I spared her no look, as I brushed, past her to go and sit beside my wife. Andrea inched closer, her tone grave. I saw her suffering, being Kenya' best friend, but I didn't even try to ease it.

"Mr Ruthford." Came one of the men, boldly. I liked that about him. I was usually unapproachable, when I was upset. In the past, only Blake knew how to reach me in such moment. Now, Kenya.

"My name is Rory Crower."

I raised my gaze to his. He fidgeted a little, at my expression. I didn't need to guess what he saw there. But the man persisted. He couldn't be much older than Kenya, but he had spunk. I'd give him that.

"This here is Mike Flips and Andrea is the one who called you earlier."

I swept a gaze around them. The other man, Mike, was already holding Andrea tenderly. A small kiss on her lips. *A couple. Then what did that make Mr Crower here in the group?* I mused. I raised a brow at him. He saw my expression, but if he understood it, he didn't show.

"We came as soon as she called us as well. We were nearby. I am sorry Sir." He sympathized.

I inhaled a breath, dispelling the anger that rose to bait me, while I pondered the role of this young pup in my wife's life. *Could he have been a potential lover, who I had stolen her from. She never stopped reminding me of how I had stolen her life.*

"What happened?" I managed, my eyes on Kenya.

"We went to the building site because I asked us to take a look at it. While we were there, a foreman was giving us a tour of the place. But she seemed distracted and was staring at something. I didn't even know when she had slipped away from us. Then she called and said there was a kid down a scaffold."

I furrowed my brows. *"A kid*?"

"So she said. But when we got there, there was no one and she was above a scaffold. We asked her to come down, the foreman inching closer to help her. But she adamantly stayed put. Then I heard her say, 'gotcha.' And before you knew it, she slipped from the scaffold and fell. We rushed her here immediately."

"Where is the foreman?" I asked, tightly.

"He left, moments before you came. He said you'd need a detailed report on the incident."

"Where is Ryan, her bodyguard? And how could you have suggested a tour on a building site?!" My tone was raised an octave higher, as I glared at her.

I ignored the protective stance of her lover, who defended her, immediately.

"She's equally suffering, Mr Ruthford. We all are. Kenya is our friend. We have known her longer than you. We care for her as much as you do."
###chapter 63: Déja vu...
***Levi.***

I frowned at his audacity. Raising myself to full height, I stood menacingly before him. His eyes grew wary. His defiance, gone.

"You don't put those you care about in danger. That is what Miss Macgregor did." I delivered darkly.

Mike shifted.

"Hey man, cool it. He's her husband." Rory cautioned his friend, pulling him back. They looked frightened. Perhaps it was my expression or tone. But they all stared at me in alarm.

"I am sorry, Mr Ruthford." Andrea apologized, tearfully, breaking the awkward tension. "You are right. You don't put those you care about in harm's way."

Perhaps her words, or the thoughts of Kenya waking up to seeing us arguing about her, but I reined in my temper. Seeing her sincerity. Yes, I could see their devotion for her, but that didn't signify. Kenya was my wife now, end of story. *Gosh! I was acting like a controlling husband. Men I detested.*

"Were there any serious injuries?" I asked, attempting for distraction. I returned to her side. A blanket was partially draped over her.

"Just the sprain to her wrist and a small bump on her head." Andrea quietly explained. I was grateful for her presence. What if she hadn't? What if Kenya had stubbornly gone there herself. The foreman should have known better. I usually attached a strict policy to all my construction works.

*No visitors! Only workers!*

I was having his head for this.

A knock came and one of them opened for the doctor. "Ah, Mr Ruthford. I was told that you had arrived, but I was attending to a surgery."

I rose to greet him. The others said their goodbyes, leaving us.

"I was just asking if there were any serious injuries that I should worry about. She suffered a severe head wound not too long and now" My voice broke.

"Be rest assured. We scanned for any complications. Fortunately, there are none. The sprain and the bump will be gone soonest." The doctor was sympathetic.

"Then why is she asleep?" I asked, concerned. I went to her, checking. Her left wrist was strapped.

"When she came in, her blood pressure was through the roof and history with the head wound. We decided to sleep induce her. But she is keenly observed. Have no anxiety."

I nodded my head, in understanding. 

***

***Kenya.***

***Now***

*Am I having déja vu?*

*It's like I had done this before. Running from Hank, Marlon and Chase. God my chest hurt. I was panting. Frightened. Hank's eyes when I bit his lower lip. I had never seen such eyes on him. He had previously plagued me to let him have me. But I always protested. Telling him unless we were married. However, he was not a marry guy. He was more of a fuck guy. With that knowledge, I had chosen not to give in. Plus, he wasn't as romantic as those telenovela soaps.*

*I finally reached the spot, where I could press the alarm. I didn't want them near me. I saw it in their eyes. I was naked for God's sake.*

*Just when I needed to press it, I felt something hit my head. Heavy, imploding everything inside my head. The object fell and broke to the floor, just as I staggered, my senses shrilling. Sharp pain, through my head and body. I didn't want to end up being these men's meat. I had heard about girl's been gang raped before. And I didn't want it. Not like thisGod, please not like this. I fell.*

*I tried to lift my arm, to touch the ache in my head. It hurt so bad, but I couldn't. My eyes grew dark, slowly. My life ebbing away. And I wondered, if this is how everyone felt when death came. I feel hands on me. Someone slipped a rough finger into me. A dull ache, compared to the pain in my head.*

*The darkness finally consumed me and I allowed it, rather than feel their touch.*

*Gunshots came and I heard men shouting. I wanted to open my eyes but nothing happened. For a minute I feared I was blind. And then I felt myself airlifted. I was scared. God I was going to fall. Someone was going to drop me.*

*Then like a caress, Levi's voice came.*

*"I would never let you fall," he promised*.

"NoNo don't let me fall. Don't let Hank get me, Levi, please. He wants to rape me. NoNo..No" I writhed frantically, alarmed. My body ached.

"Shhshhbaby, it's okay. I'm here, baby. I'm here. No one would hurt you, I promise." I heard a familiar voice I turned abruptly to the voice.

"Levi, Levi...Hank is here, with Marlon and Chase. They want to rape me. He wants me, Levi. But I always told him I wanted my husband to have me first" I rattled, nervously. My body ached, but I didn't care. I wanted to lift myself, so I could tell Levi everything, but pain shot through my left arm, as I pulled myself up.

"Ow!" I cried.

"Kenya!" Levi held me, tenderly. He held my arm in his. In his eyes, I saw exhaustion, tenderness. Concern. My heart warmed. "You've had a terrible fall, baby. You fell in the construction site. And Andrea and Mr Fizz, brought you here. Your wrist is sprained and that bump in your head, at the back. Short of that baby, you are fine." He tenderly explained. My senses came together, my eyes assimilating.

He was right. I was in a hospital ward. The crisp, white sheets. The smell of antiseptics. I remembered my fall.

A little girl under the scaffold. Saving her. She looked so beautiful. I already got her. When I did, I saw her eyes. Levi's eyes and my lips. Holding her tiny hand, I fell and hit my hand and head. Then black out.

"Hank is dead. Has been for days." His words shifted my focus. And I felt tears roll down my eyes.
###chapter 64: Duty Bound...
***Kenya.***

Staring at him, memories flooded back. Memories I have battled to recall.

That wasn't a dream. That was what happened that night I was injured. Everything flooded back. My hurt, my dance. Levi and how remarkable he has been. The debut, Mum. Amanda, our childhood. Alan. My marriage. Our first night together.

"He wanted to rape me, Levi. Someone touched me that night, and it was painfully rough. It wasn't like yours..." I cried, softly.

A knowing look crossed his face, as he watched me, compassionately.

"Yes. I remember everything. The way I ran. I thought I was going to die. They were so powerful" My voice broke and I fell into his arms. Not minding how much I have hated him, these past few days. He didn't push me away, as I expected. Rather, Levi held me affectionately, tightly.

Silently holding me.

I cried. All the pain. If Levi hadn't come in that night, Hank would have brutally raped me and maybe killed me. Levi saved me that night. Unconventional method, but he did.

"Thank youThank you for saving me that night." I twisted my face, finding his lips. My tear soaked lips, kissing him. I needed his warmth. His familiar touch, to bring me back.

My lips moved, enticing, until his parted. When he kissed me, I moaned, deeply. Inching closer, until my nipples pressed him. I wanted his touch to bring me back from that horror. I think he felt it too, as he pulled me into him, his fingers on the nape of my neck, pulling me in, tenderly. He kissed me with life. His other fingers, trailing my nipples through my top. I moaned. I needed him here and now.

Then he stilled, his body rigid, as he pulled back from me. He pushed me away from him, gently. A safe distance. His eyes held hurt, regret. A lot of emotions I didn't wish to see. I only wanted his familiar gaze of desire on me. That heated look that sent me to spirals.

"I'd just go and call the doctor. He needs to know you're awake. And that you remember that night." He shifted to his feet. I watched him walk to the door.

"Levi" I called. I didn't want him to go. I wanted him to stay and just chase every hurt away. To talk about everything. About last night. This morning. He turned to face me, grimly.

"IAbout this morning. It'sLast night"

"Your Trojan Horse, you mean." He coldly intoned. His eyes narrowed. I flinched at those words, a cold reminder of his accusation in the morning. His glare, venomous.

"I didn't do itI" I had no explanation. Guilt ate me, now I saw the monster that Levi had saved me from the night.

"Save it. You did what you had to do. In this game, you never feel remorse. You go for the kill. That's the number one rule about being coldhearted." He remarked, coldly.

I frowned. I wasn't cold hearted. I only did what I needed to, so he could feel as miserable as I did. I agree that I succumbed to low depths, using his desire for me. Pleasured him and delivered a blow, but that didn't make me cold hearted. And neither was he. He just did things out of necessity. Like taking out Hank, Marlon, Chase. Whatever he had to do to get his family honor back.

I saw him in a new light.

"Am sorry" I apologized, weakly. Tears rounded my eyes. My heart, sick.

For a moment, I saw the old Levi, who used to see me as this fragile girl. Then it was instantly replaced by something. Distrust. His lips grim, he turned to leave again.

"Then why did you kiss me just now?" I asked, helplessly. I couldn't bear it. Didn't want to believe the look in his eyes. I couldn't survive it. "Why did you stay beside me now, watching me. You could have just left, after you saw me. You didn't have to stay," I said.

His back was to me, a hand on the door knob. I saw his shoulders square, the V of his waist, admirable even from my view.

"I was duty bound." Silently, he exited the room. His words, piercing like a knife.

***

***Levi.***

***Wednesday, two Days Later***

Rain poured heavily this evening, as I stood in the middle of the room, waiting. I liked waiting. It always gave me advantage. I hated been taken by surprise. That was why I still sulked over Kenya's mutinous actions, two days back.

The door opened and I heard feet shuffling inside, dragging someone in. I smirked inwardly in satisfaction. The door shut and there was a little commotion, before everything went quiet and dark again. A fire in the grate, the only source of light, warmed the room. My mood dark.

We were in my private cabin, isolated from everyone. I loved to work here, whenever I needed discretion. Things done without a trace.

I turned to face the scene, my face hidden in the shadows. A figure gagged, sat in front of me. I gave a look and one of my men removed the gag.

"PleasePlease don't hurt me. Who are you? If it's money you want, I don't have much, but I will give you details to my funds." Katie Williams stuttered, her hands bound behind her back as she sat in the chair. Her voice quivered.

"Miss Williams. We finally meet." I called, quietly. My eyes assessing the slender woman.

Her hair, perhaps once stylish, looked disheveled. She strained to see me in the darkness and I inched forward to give her a better view.

When our eyes met, she froze.

"The look on your face speaks volume." I dragged a chair, smiling sinisterly as her eyes took in my four men in the room. They were all cladded in black. Their expressions, stoic.

"It isn't them you should be worried about, Miss Williams."
###chapter 65: Futile...
***Levi.***

"Please SirI"

I signaled and someone brought me a tablet. Highlighting the screen, I turned a video to Katie and watched her. Horror etched her face, as the screen highlighted her mum, gagged and bound by masked men. A gun was pointed to her head. Katie whimpered.

"Please Sir, what do you want? I'd" Her voice broke into harsh sobs. I relaxed and expressionlessly watched her crack under the pressure. When I was certain she was calm, I leaned in.

"You currently work for my wife." I held her red rimmed gaze, as she nodded. "From now on, you work for me."

Her eyes grew wide, with understanding and alarm.

"But that would be breach of our attorney- client relationship." She declared.

"Unless you want your mum" I left the statement hanging. The implication of my words, clear as she shook her head.

"What do you want me to do?" She asked, wearily.

"I want to know every plan she has, concerning her businesses. You are going to always update me on her every step. Most importantly, you will persuade her into accepting the investment of a certain stakeholder. You would be the middle man, ensuring that all is done." I instructed. She stared at me, agitatedly.

"But she might refuse. She already made it clear her stand to handle the entire projects with her funds." Katie Williams argued. My smile was dark.

"You're a clever woman. After pulling up documents that gave no escape clauses, which meticulous attorneys that have worked for me for years couldn't even decipher; this should be icing on your cake." I teased, tightly. She startled at my tone.

"And if she refuses?" She asked, after a long silence.

"Then I'd have to get rid of you and your mother."

She started in shock. Her expression morphed to fear.

"And just so you know, I have your entire move, watched."

***

***Kenya***.

It was 11 pm and I just finished dinner. Alone again. The air outside was cold. I actually had to put on a sweater to fight off the chill, despite the heater.

Perhaps I was cold because of the hollowness I felt inside. Perhaps it was guilt.

Since that night we returned from the hospital, things just remained awkward between Levi and I. His indifference towards me was unnerving. Crippling me from inside out.

It was like the tables had turned and I was now suffering an eternal damnation, for succumbing into manipulation like him. For betraying him. I just couldn't even understand the reason for his indifference and detachment. It was his game and I was only following his perfect steps.

The monitor announced his presence and I jerked up from the dinning, rushing to intercept him, before he went into the room he had been sleeping in, since two days.

"Hello." I greeted, when our eyes met.

He watched me, guardedly, his expression blank. I faltered. I wasn't good at this. Pretending he didn't exist, now that I had hit him hard. I was dying inside.

*Talk to me, please.*

My heart cried. But my head said differently.

"Hello." He drawled, stepping forward.

He stood right in front of me. I wanted to touch him, to fall into his embrace. His eyes raked my body and the familiar ache I felt in my core, whenever he had that heated gaze on me, flooded me.

"What, no Trojan Horses, tonight?" He taunted. I stilled. My initial demeanor, slipping.

Choosing to ignore the jibe, I said. "Where have you been? I was waiting for you, so we could have dinner." I had tears stinging my eyes.

But I held them back. I didn't know why I ached inside. It was like I was seeking his validation or something. I didn't know what I sought.

His gaze softened. "I had something earlier." Then like an afterthought, he asked. "Are you alright? Why are you wearing this?" He flicked a glance at the thermostat's screen.

"I was just cold. But I'm fine." I muttered.

I inched closer. My hands itching to hold him. This man, who had saved me from that nightmare. *What if he hadn't come to J'aime that night? I could have died*. But he saved me. I couldn't help stem the flow of those nightmarish thoughts, since that evening I woke up with my memories restored.

The doctors attributed the restoration to the fall. Like a jolt or something. *Doctors*.

"Were you out on work? Was it campaign or STA Constructions?" I asked.

I was so close now that I smelled his scent. He equally had scents of coffee, cigarettes and brandy. I had never seen him smoke in my presence. But I suspected he did. He was alluring. And I couldn't resist. I think that fall affected me more than I could imagine.

I noticed Levi inhale a steady breath, his eyes shut tight. *Was I affecting him the same way?*

"I've had a long night and several meetings tomorrow. Am off to bed. Good night." He walked around me, careful not to touch me. Like my very presence revolted him.

"Why are you ignoring me? Is it so difficult to respondto tell me where you were?" I called, shakily. My body quivered from something I couldn't understand. *Desire? Need for his warmth, his attention*.

My eyes were blurry now. I heard him stop in his tracks.

"You never cared to ask. Why now?" His words dripped with sarcasm. I inhaled, fighting the temptation to turn around and face him. I didn't want him to see how much he affected me.

"If you must know, I was tightening up loose ends." He came closer, his breath on my neck, caressing me. I yearned to lean into him, but stood my ground. This was the worst form of extreme torture.

Since I came into this marriage, all I had wanted was to drive a wedge in Levi's heart. I had kept scores at some point. But now my victory was futile.
###chapter 66: Silent Investors...
***Kenya.***

I no longer kept tabs.

I wanted us to talk. I don't know, I wanted us to be friends again. I didn't want to believe that I had hurt someone by my actions. Because I had never caused anyone hurt before. That was the reason I hadn't reported Hank, all those days he abused me. I couldn't bear him suffer.

"Any other questions, Mrs Ruthford?" Levi's warm voice broke into my thoughts. I shook inwardly. His voice, a reminder of his persuasive tone over me.

"When are you going to Miami? You promised to take me, remember?"

I felt him inch closer, inhaling my scent. He equally wanted me. My legs grew shaky.

"Next Wednesday," he replied.

"Okay. I'd like to come." I finally turned to him, our lips inches away. He lowered his eyes to my lips, strain in his eyes. Then tightly, he said.

"Good night, Mrs Ruthford." And he walked away.

I stood there, watching his retreating form. My chest constricted with pain.

My phone rang with an incoming text. It was Katie.

***Katie: Hi Kenya. Please can we see in my office at 9 am, tomorrow.***

Absently I typed back.

***Me: Alright. I'd be there.***

****

I arrived Katie's office in time the following morning.

My heart beating nervously at whatever she had to say.

I had woken up to find Levi already out of the house. Not a word to me or the staff. I recalled he spoke of meetings. But It didn't cover for his deliberate avoidance of my presence.

The door opened and Katie came inside, her eyes darting about as she sat down in front of me.

"Good morning Mrs Ruthford" She stuttered.

I watched her, surprised at her countenance. She looked haggard.

"Katie." My tone, gentle; her gait was jittery. I tried to ignore it, but couldn't. "You remember I implored that you always maintained my name, whenever we talked. This is one of the only places I want to be me." I reminded her. She had bags under her eyes. And a few tendrils escaped her usual perfect hair do.

Katie agitatedly nodded her head, averting my gaze. She sifted through a few documents on her desk and raised her eyes to me.

"MrsKenyaI have good news for you." She cautiously started. I listened, relieved. It wasn't bad news as I had suspected.

"There is an investor that has shown interest in the school. Saw my ad on my website and took interest. Wants to be fully involved in every financial obligation. Asked me a few questions about you and all that. But there is one condition." She paused, watching me. I nodded for her to go on. *Investor*?

"The investor wishes to be silent. No physical contact with you. I'd be the middle man. Ensuring you both receive your dividends." Katie revealed. I nodded thoughtfully. This was great news. An investor taking interest in the business. This could bode well for us. But how did the investor get to see about the school on her website?

"I thought you maintain client confidentiality; how did this investor know?" I asked, puzzled. She faltered, tapping her feet on the floor.

"I put a picture of your school on my new website and that was how the person got to know I represented you."

I stared, doubtfully. Pulling out my phone, I searched her website, which I had never done before. I had just trusted Andrea and proceeded. I hadn't looked her up.

True, the picture of J'aime popped up, sliding to give room to five other photos.

Assuaged, I nodded. She heaved a huge sigh, her eyes almost teary. *Was she thinking I would end our association?*

"Alright, take care of it. At the moment, I need as much help as I can get to ensure the growth of the school."

****

***Levi***.

The office was draped in pitch darkness and cozy, the central air condition cracked to taper down the heat. It was 9pm, and my nerves were already frayed from having to wait this one hour.

I sat in the cozy leather chair and allowed my mind travel through the day.

Waking again today and not seeing Kenya was getting me edgy. I was unbearable most of the time with my staff, with others. But it didn't matter, until I had all this sorted out. I couldn't bear to look at her, until I had all avenues secured for her. She was important to me and not getting to see her face one day, because of a certain jail term, wasn't something I was ready for.

Even though I found her actions careless, I was still proud of her, because she had out smarted me. Something I wouldn't have anticipated. I smiled. My first smile in days. I was exhausted, but couldn't pause to rest yet.

Flying over here, a few hours ago, came at a cost to me. I had a few important prior engagements, which needed my attention. But all that could wait.

The door opened and two people carelessly shuffled in, kissing and groping each other. Clumsy noises accompanied them as they stumbled in, shutting the door. Darkness again. I lowered my mask and the others did the same.

Guns cracked and the kissing stopped.

"Who's there?" Alan asked, cautiously. The lights came on and I didn't need to see my face to understand his horror. The woman in his arms, *not Amanda*, screamed.

I stared at her, tastelessly. She was of the same hue as his wife, perhaps the same height. But not as pretty.

"I have guards downstairs. CCTV" Alan warned.

I stared at him, silently. Guns were pointed to their heads. Then someone took photos of them. Alan trembled. I gave a signal and someone came over, injecting the girl. She slumped, her heart rate slowing, before our eyes.

Tanisha!" Alan called, anxiously, kneeling over her, while she convulsed.

He tried holding her, but restrained himself, perhaps afraid, cautious? I couldn't tell.
###chapter 67: Welcome to the dirty game …
***Levi.***

Her body jerked uncontrollably a few times, and eventually stilled.

"She's dead." I supplied. He turned to me, horrified.

"And it's on your conscience. You have your finger prints
all over her."

I pulled off my mask and Alan's eyes grew wider.

"Jesus, Levi" He muttered, quietly.

I closed the space between us, sitting on a nearby chair. Alan just stared, his bewilderment,
replaced with fear. He was shaky as he watched me.

"You have a beautiful wife. What were you doing with that?"

I didn't need an answer. I already had my information, before I came all the
way here. Alan lived a double life, just like his wife. They were both
pathetic. All that affection they showed, *bull shit.*

"Why kill her?" He managed, his eyes dancing with fear.

He looked at the gun pointed to his head and swallowed.

"Isn't it obvious? We needed to talk."

"My men"

"All sedated. Had a hell lot of a party this evening.
Celebratory treats, courtesy you."

He stared at me in disbelief. "ButBut I wasn't celebrating
anything"

"You weren't? I thought you just bagged the biggest
investor in your business?" I asked, deviously.

He stared at me confused. Then someone shoved some papers in his face. He perused them.

"That investor, just discreetly bought your production
house and Amanda's business. I know you are equally a signatory to her company.
You are going to append your signature to every fucking document there. Not a
word to Kenya or anyone about this arrangement, and we call it a night. I am
tired and I need to fly back to my wife." I smiled, darkly.

He shakily put down the papers. "But I don't want to sell.
That means you'd own it all" He argued, tentatively.

I rose, closing the
distance.

Lowering myself on my haunches, I pulled out my gun and pointed it to
his chest. My tone, detached.

"One bullet, Alan and I'd own it all anyway."

***Kenya.***

***Wednesday, six days later***

10 am and my body thrummed from jet lag, as we sat in the
car, heading to the beach house in Indian Creek Island, Miami Beach.

I was still fascinated that Levi owned a second beach
house. This one in the infamous 'Miami's Billionaire Bunker.' It was remarkable
how much he had hidden his opulence from the world. Not many people knew this
side to him.

I watched the entire scene, people walking leisurely, not
giving a care in the world. The sun high up, warming everyone. Every person we
passed, looked sun kissed. I envied them, because I loved a good sun. I loved
the beach. It gave me this close proximity to nature. Like I was a nature fairy
or something. I used to play nature fairy as a kid.

"You know, I used to be the nature fairy, when Amanda and I
were kids." I remarked, breaking the stifling silence.

Yes, the silence hadn't lessened. It seemed he was still
harboring that grudge against me or something. I couldn't really tell. Worse,
yesterday, he received documents from Alan and Amanda. He hadn't informed me.
But Amanda had. It seemed it intensified the awkwardness between us.

I wanted the unease gone, but I didn't know what else to
do. Sometimes, we barely said a word or two to each other. My wrist was better
now, and he had asked of it every now and then.

When he came home very late,
he wouldn't even check up on me in our bedroom. I missed the old us.

"Nature fairy. Not the fairy of Trojan horses." He snidely
remarked.

I stilled, turning
to face him. We were both dressed casually. Me in a yellow, short cotton dress,
while he wore a white cotton shirt and blue denims. He looked desirable, except
for that comment. Yep. The one that always accompanied every word I laid at
him.

"Can we please drop that episode. I have tried seeing past
this and yet you just let it hang between us." I was frustrated.

I didn't even know what to do anymore. He smirked.

"Feeling guilty, Baby? Perhaps you still have a lot to
learn about being a cold hearted monster."

"I am no monster, Levi. I only took back my
independence." I argued.

I needed us to see past this. This was getting me
sleepless nights. I needed us.

"The way I deduced it, you must have manipulated every
puppet, until they danced to your tune. What do you call that, a nature fairy?"
He intoned, sarcastically.

I stared at him, shocked. Pain sluiced through my
heart. Tears stung the back of my eyes at his cold statement. I had just shared
an intimate moment with him. A childhood memory and he crushed it beneath his
boots.

"That was cold, Levi. Something precious that mattered to
me. A childhood memory and you just smoldered it beneath your scorn." I sniffed, tears rolling down my eyes. I looked into his eyes, thinking I'd see remorse
there or compassion. Nothing.

"You killed something precious to me. *You*. Welcome to the dirty game, baby." He delivered his words,
tightly, turning to face his computer screen.

Chagrined, I turned to watch as we rode in through the
gates of Indian Creek village.

***

***Levi***.

I inwardly bit myself for my curtness. But I couldn't help
it.

I still felt betrayed by her. My words moments ago, were true. Kenya killed
something precious to me, once she delved into this game. It was like Belle
over again. And I was struggling to push the thoughts aside. But no matter how
I tried, the disgust I felt, wracked me.

I stole glances at her, as she sat beside me. Hurt by my words and actions. I yearned to hold her and tell her that I was proud that she learned so fast. That she was intelligent. Fighting me back. But I couldn't, because Kenya was supposed to be my light. My guide out of my darkness.
###chapter 68: All the money I had…
***Kenya***.

After dropping our things at the enormous and lavishly furnished beach house, Levi took us to a nearby restaurant to have breakfast.

We had hurried out of the penthouse, earlier this morning, because Levi had some files to pick up at the office, before we boarded the plane. I had only kicked back in the car and watched him do his business, while I basked in his presence. Anything to stay close to him. Weird right. But I didn't care.

I hadn't heard from my mystery friend, K.C in a while, so I had texted him, before we climbed the plane.

Now as we sat in the elite, ocean view restaurant, *Flamingo*, my phone buzzed on the table with an incoming text from him. I picked the phone, my heart buzzing with adrenaline at the danger of texting another man in my husband's presence. It was daring and weird. And it got me extremely exhilarated. I wondered what Levi would think if he found out.

***K.C: Hey beautiful. How have you been? I have been extremely busy and haven't had any time for myself. I should have texted you, but I didn't want to be a bother.***

***Me: You are never a bother, K. C. Actually, you are a distraction.***

He was typing and I eagerly waited for his next words.

***K.C: I hope I'm much of a distraction to you?***

I stilled. Those words reminding me of my question to Levi, when he first came to my house, months ago. 

'*You have been a great distraction,'* he had replied on that night.

I shuddered and raised my eyes to Levi. He had his hands on his tablet and was making a call. I didn't even care to know what he was speaking about. Something about ordering materials for road repair in Boston.

***Me: You're a great distraction at the moment***. ***Anything to keep me from crying my eyes to sleep out of boredom***.

"Are you ready to order?" I heard Levi say. I looked up from my phone, my smile dying at his expressionless face. I nodded, because that was easier than speaking to him these days. He cocked his head, I wondered why, before he signaled for a waiter.

"What would you like?" He asked.

I looked around, sizing the uniqueness of the place. Everyone dressed casually for the warm morning, underneath the canopies. The glass tables decorated with sea side themes; corals and sea shells.

I shrugged. "Surprise me, Levi."

My response earned me another tilt of his head.

"Two sea side specials, please." He informed the waiter. The man nodded and left.

"I wonder what got you smiling on your phone earlier. Was it one of your admirers?" He asked, slyly, sipping some water. I frowned.

"What I do with my phone is none of your business." I threw at him.

"It is, especially if it's one of those ballet dancers. What are their names again; Rory and Mike"

"They're just friends Levi. And besides, Mike is in a serious relationship with Andrea," I said. *Was he serious?* This guy who had ignored me for the past days.

"I knew that. But the Rory guy?" He intoned. I raised a brow at his insinuation.

"He's got balls. I like that about him." He remarked. "I've asked my recruitment team to offer him a position at STA Constructions. My new executive P.A."

I knew Rory was smart and bold, but I didn't trust Levi's reasons for this offer.

"Are you doing this because you need his services, or because you want to keep him under your control?" I spat. He smiled darkly, confirming my suspicions. I was told how Rory boldly addressed Levi, when he had been upset. When neither Andrea nor Mike had been able to approach him.
Rory was a people's person.

I was about to reply, when our food arrived.

Delicious foods filled my nostrils. Steak, dressed with salads and shrimps. I wasn't a fan of shrimps, but one taste of the food, I forgot our conversation.

"You like it?" Levi's voice broke through the moment. My mouth stuffed, I nodded.

*Silence*.

"No one knows you own such a property in Miami." I remarked, after a while, my eyes steady on Levi. He spared me a boyish grin. *Was he shy*? I never knew that.

"I'm a private person Kenya. Most of the time, I'm engrossed with work," he replied. I was aware of his commitment to work and I admired him for it. His works spoke volume, the media screamed his reputation.

"MIT must be proud of one of their top students in Civil and Environmental Engineering." I complimented. He raised his eyes at me, surprised. The question of how I knew that info, in his eyes.

I shrugged, slyly. "Nothing you wouldn't find on the internet."

He chuckled, amusedly, taking a bite out of his steak. "You've been checking me out, Baby?" He drawled. I flushed.

"No. I wanted to know more about you, since you wouldn't tell me anything." I accused. A knowing look crossed his face. Yeah I was aware, the forbidden topic.

"Don't worry. I am not broaching that subject." I fixed a weary gaze on my food again.

*Silence*.

"When I was able to, I got enrolled into MIT. My mother was very proud, the day I brought my enrollment details to her. Her eyes held joy for the first time in years." He started, dragging my attention. I stared at him quietly, not wanting to spoil the moment.

"Mum was sick at the time with lung cancer and was undergoing treatment. Smoking. But all the money I had couldn't buy my mother's health back, like I was able to pay for my tuition fees." His sadness was palpable. I yearned to comfort him.

"Perhaps that's the reason I never bothered celebrating my achievements. She died a year later." He placed a wan smile, but I could still feel the ache in his heart. His sorrow, explicit.
###chapter 69: Hey Levi …
***Levi***

We sat silently for a while. She, contemplating my words. Me, dispelling my hurt.

Mum had died from prolonged smoking, which she had imbibed, all those years ago, to dissipate her suffering. 

But it hadn't worked. Rather, it had taken her life, when all my wealth streamed in. Everything I had amassed for her and yet, she had left too soon. The only consolation was that she had somehow enjoyed a bit of it. The house in Malibu had been hers. That's one of the reasons I avoided the house. The memories there. Miami was my tuff in those days, while mum just stayed in Malibu, drinking in the sun as she always loved.

"Am sorry about your mum."

I heard Kenya's quiet voice. She too had lost a parent; she must understand how I felt.

"Thanks." I smiled.

I forked my food, the taste bland in my mouth. I missed mum, it hurt sometimes. If dad had not been so callous with everything, mum wouldn't have succumbed to the cigarettes to drive away the humiliation she felt. Working those jobs night and day, to put food on our table and clothes on our backs.

"Then why do you smoke?" Kenya softly accused. I raised my eyes to her. No judgement in her eyes. Just curiousity.

I chuckled. "Not always. Just when am tensed. When I crave something that I can't have." I baited her. Her eyes briefly widened, making me smirk. She got my message. I returned to my food.

"Why can't you have it?" She asked.

I returned a startled gaze to her. Her expression, innocent, but I saw something there. *Seduction*? A hint of nonchalance. *Oh she wanted to play this game.* Choosing to play along with her, I replied.

"It's reluctance to yield to me. Fighting me at every turn." I drawled.

My voice dropping, teasing. I picked up a tomato slice and popped it in my mouth. She followed my lips with her eyes, swallowing. I smiled inwardly. She got my drift. Something dark and sensual stirred in the air. The tension crackling, suffocating. Needing an outlet, for release.

"Maybe you're wrong. Maybe this thing you crave prefers other methods. Prefers other worlds." She defended.

I paused, gauging her. She had pain in her eyes, and I couldn't tell why. She got a chance to tease me, yet she was gloomy.

"I..."

"Hey Levi." A female voice a few steps away from us, interrupted me.

I looked up to see Mona hurriedly stepping forward, her hands already wide for a hug. In no time, she closed the distance between us and I couldn't help but hold her, as she fell into my lap.

Beautiful, soft, warm, just like I remembered. Her expensive perfume, already veiling me. But this time, it didn't do wicked things to me. It only assailed me. My eyes hastily drifted to Kenya, gawking at us. I quietly rose to my feet, bringing Mona along.

Feeling awkward at the pair of eyes that assessed us, I spoke.

"Baby, this is Mona Hera. She's one of Victoria's top models. Mona, my beautiful wife, Kenya." I managed the introductions, without Kenya's glares shooting me down. *Was she jealous*? She looked flabbergasted. I liked her jealous.

"Hi, Mona. Nice to meet you." Kenya greeted, smiling. Mona nodded arrogantly and turned back to me, stroking my exposed tattoo. I frowned.

"Darling"

"Mona." My tone was menacing. "I think my wife just greeted you." I watched her, irritated. She stared at me, astounded, before she turned to Kenya.

"Hello." Mona arrogantly let out, dryly. Her gaze returned to my expressionless eyes, which stared darkly at her. What she saw there, startled her.

"Levi"

"I don't condone rudeness to my wife, Mona. And you just did. Apologize properly, immediately or this meeting is over." I was firm. Both women gasped. I didn't have to see Kenya's face to recognize her bewilderment.

Mona hesitantly muttered, her gaze on Kenya. "I'm sorry."

"It's okay." Kenya replied and shifted her eyes to me. There was a brief sadness there. Then quietly she rose to her feet, excusing herself from the table. I was upset.

"I can't believe you'd do that to me, Levi. Make me apologize to her."

A scowl marred my face as I stared back at Mona. Her eyes held tears as she continued. "I heard of your marriage, while I was in Paris. But I hadn't expected the devotion I just saw. You never had that when you were with me. Perhaps I could have paid more attention to you then." She sniffed, flicking a few strayed tears away.

I quietly considered her words.

Mona and I had dated, two years ago. We had gone out a few times. Enjoyed public appearances together. The sex. But we had never attached any labels to our relationship. A mutual agreement to just have fun. To have a beautiful woman beside me, because Mona was model beautiful. American's one-time top model. But I grew bored and things just, stopped. Both of us into our lives, it never would never have worked. *So what made her say such thoughts now that I was married?*

"We had fun, Mona. We wouldn't have worked out." I revealed, calmly.

Her gaze was steady on me. Her lips pulled into a tight line. Her black hair, singly braided and her olive skin shone from the stray sun rays. Yes, Mona was extremely beautiful, but she would never be compared to the woman I was married to.

Kenya was fire and I loved that I was the only fireman that could douse her. Drench her in all the passion I could summon. Mona was spiritless. One of the women that was carried away by my charm, my wealth. Kenya however, wasn't impressed by all my achievements. A surprise that she even checked me out on the internet. Or that she noticed I smoked.

With Kenya, I was the real me that I lost, 20 years ago.
###chapter 70: Drenched…
***Kenya***.

I hated that such disdain, made me cry.

I should have been used to it by now; the looks of contempt from others, whenever I was introduced as his wife. But today, I felt hurt. Perhaps because of the woman's beauty. Or my inferiority. *Damn it.* I was a mess. I dabbed my eyes again for the hundredth time, since I entered the ladies' room.

My phone buzzed from Kirsten's incoming text. We were chatting. Since that night we met, we grew closer and I even asked that we visited them, perhaps next month. I wanted to see her. I really missed her presence. She was like this elder sister I never had. Not that Amanda wasn't great. She was. But with Kirsten, I wasn't superficial. I was me.

***Kirsten: You're beautiful, Kenya. Don't feel inferior before Mona. Trust me when I tell you our husbands were the hottest, before their marriage. We're talking of the most eligible bachelors. Well, yours was a widower. Yet, hot.***

I laughed, sitting on a stool in front of a mirror. There were rows of stools before the ornate mirrors. The entire room was lavish. Pink and gold decorations.

***Me: Then why did he marry me, if His Royal Hotness, knew his reputation. He should have ended up with Mona or something. You should have seen her face. It was like I died and smelled bad 🤢***

"Kenya." I heard Levi's voice as he knocked. I startled. *Why was he knocking the ladies' room? Was he going to come in?*

"Am in here." I answered. Silence followed, before I heard footsteps. He was gone. I lowered my focus to my phone again and then the door barged open, with Levi coming in. I started at the unexpectedness, while he locked the door.

"Levi? What are you doing here?" I asked, wide eyed. He turned to me, his eyes raking me over. Then without another word, he strolled over and kissed me hungrily. He didn't break, he didn't pause, he just groped me, kissing me. I was surprised, my mind assimilating, while I matched his kiss.

It was hungry, maddening. Need laced beneath and I delved in it. My phone slipping and shattering. Mona forgotten.

I ground my hips into his hardness, earning a smile from him, while we kissed. He slipped his hands into my top, which I had changed into before we left the beach house, tweaking my nipples. I ached from the touch. My body on fire. I bit my lip.

"What if someone comes in." I asked, hazy. He kissed my neck.

"I tipped some people. This is our domain until you are drenched and pulsing for me." He smiled, slyly. I moaned, as he intensified the pressure on my nipples. He sucked my nipples.

"LeviI can't wait." I called hastily. My breath rapid. "I need you." I called, slipping clumsy fingers between us, until I found his fly. I unzipped and let out his hard cock. He already had some precum for me. He wanted me, as well. Without another word, I shifted my panties and just lowered myself unto him.

Pain. I cried.

"You're still new to this Baby. Still tight. Let me guide you." He urged, gently. I nodded, allowing him toy with me. Fanning me in strokes with his deft fingers, until I was wet and dripping for him. Then he pushed himself into me, until he was buried to the hilt.

Moving gently, his hips thrusting to set the pace, I rolled. Panting from the pleasure, the pain that rippled through me. I cried, moaned and clutched him. Not wanting to let him go. Tears in my eyes, from the pain, the sweetness. Not to talk of the unexpectedness and excitement at being taken by my dangerous husband in public.

He pinched my nipples, kissing my lips, taking in my cries. He wasn't in a hurry. His only focus was me, my satisfaction in his arms. I suddenly wondered if he had pleasured the likes of Mona. If he had taken them here. The thoughts, shuttered me. But he ground me deeper into him and I was pliant again.

My eyes locked with his. And what I saw there was beautiful. Levi's eyes centered on me. My pleasure, my release. My excitement. His gaze wasn't locked on any other woman. He was here, adoring my body. Decorating it with his kisses, his juice. Impaling it with his hard erection. His body reacting to my touch. His lips flooding me, until I was mindless. And there was no greater pleasure than that. No greater satisfaction.

In Levi, I found my release. My need. In him, I was just me. He took me at a pace, which I was comfortable with. He considered my passion, putting it far above his. And I couldn't find anything better. Even though his life held some mystery, he was my mystery to unravel.

Our bodies synchronized in pleasure, I found my release, crying his name inside his mouth. He swallowed my voice, pressing us into a deep kiss. Soon, he thrust one last time, his own guttural cry, buried in our kiss, as he came. His body throbbed inside me and I smiled satisfactorily.

Placing one kiss on my lips, he leaned back and watch me from heated eyes.

"You look extremely beautiful after a good fucking, Mrs Ruthford." His smile was teasing, his voice, sultry. I smiled shyly at his naughtiness. I didn't even have a comeback. Seeing my awkwardness, he chuckled and kissed me long and hard.

"Come on, let's go home and finish this." He dangled, his lips quirked.

"But what about Mona. I thought you were with her earlier?" I asked, biting myself for even bringing that up. But I couldn't help it. Somehow, I still felt the weight of insecurity clamping me.

He raised a brow, staring into my eyes, as I still remained disheveled in his laps.

"Mona was my past. You are my wife."
###chapter 71: I’m A Killer …
***Levi***.

It was 10:21 pm and I sat outside, drinking in the night's air. Wearing nothing but white cotton pants and my bare chest. The sea lapped before my eyes, arrogantly bathing the dwarf walls with its wetness.

I left Kenya asleep inside. The scent of her arousal still clung to me, as I lay on the recliner, taking a smoke. The smell filled me, the nicotine coursed through me. Some coffee lay on the floor, as I chatted with Liam.

***Liam: I'm hosting another stripper's night in honor of your girl tomorrow. You said she never being to strippers before right?***

I smiled at that memory.

***Me: Not from my observation. She was more of an indoor girl. Dancing, family and friends***.

I waited for Liam's reply.

My friend Liam Copeland was the owner of Possess Club and Casino. An elite and exclusive establishment, with branches in most parts of the States. Miami was the headquarters. He was equally the owner of his late grandparents' thriving ranch.

***Liam: She's gorgeous, Levi. How you gonna handle everything, if she's with you?***

***Me: Don't worry.***

I heard shuffling steps and turned to see Kenya in a mini lacy robe, approach. I stubbed my cigarette and put away my phone to pull her in. I replaced her phone earlier. I smiled knowingly at the occurrence in the ladies' room.

Easily, Kenya slipped into my arms, falling in place. We had finished another heated moment of passion, before we fell asleep, minutes ago. Liam's call had woken me up. And after our talk, I couldn't go back to sleep. So I decided to come outside, while we chatted.

Now as she lay in my arms, breathing easily, I couldn't help but smile at how we had spent the entire day. Our hands barely leaving each other, we had had sex on almost every surface in the house. Artfully dismissing the staff for the day. Languidly enjoying each other.

Her eyes lifted to me. "You didn't sleep. And you smoked." She chided, gently.

I smiled, slyly, leaning in to kiss her full on the lips. There was something in her eyes as I stared at her. I couldn't understand it. And neither could I understand how I felt. It was like something shifted in us, something that just altered everything.

"Liam has organized a special strippers' night in your honor tomorrow." I informed her, trying to distract the feeling that coursed through me.

It made my chest tighten. She nodded against my chest. We spoke about Liam today. I didn't want her to be surprised at his personality.

"So Miami was your tuff, like you told me." She intoned.

"Yes. Liam and I. This is his territory. He's a Florida born." I smiled. "But he grew up with his grandparents in their Houston ranch."

"Oh. An orphan."

"No." I paused, gathering my next words. My friends all had dark pasts like I did. Apart from Henry who just recently got a dark past of his own. "He's got issues with his parents."

"Okay." She breathed. I liked this. Having her in my arms, fitted to perfection on top of me. My chest soared with pride. The feeling engulfing.

"I got a call from the foreman today. The school is finished. You can move in anytime you like." I told her.

On her plea, I hadn't fired Mr Fizz and Ryan for their ineptitude days ago, when she fell. Ryan's for not following my orders to stick with her.

"Thank you." I heard her smile. I nodded, caressing her back. Desire stoked me, as I felt her skin beneath the lacy dress. She wore thin nightie underneath.

"I'd be hosting a reopening for the school in August. And I'd love you to invite your friends." She requested, distracting my naughty thoughts.

"Is Mrs Ruthford asking me to a party?" I teased, playfully. She chuckled, heartily. I enjoyed her cheerfulness.

"Alright. Call it whatever you will. But am not having it any other way." She warned, lightly.

"Would you like the media present?" I asked, just so she wouldn't stop talking to me. I felt her nod.

"I'd make arrangements for that." I informed her. We fell into a comfortable silence. She was my peaceful existence and I wanted to give her the world. My mum would have liked her.

"I can't sleep." I heard her say, quietly.

Slyly, I replied. "You know I have a weapon that will help you sleep." A smile played on my lips, desire already rousing me.

"What?" She asked, chuckling. Her body already reacting to my hips that rolled beneath her. Raising her chin, until our eyes met, I said.

"This." I lowered my lips to her and tentatively kissed her. Smooth, slow, my heart swelling. She placed her warm hands on my bare chest, caressing me, tweaking my nipples. I groaned in pleasure. Her smile evoking one from me, as we deepened the kiss.

Pulling her into me, I splayed tentative fingers over her, pulling her legs into my crotch. She pressed her leg in, the little minx.

I found her pussy, which soaked my finger, until she could take no more.

When her sated eyes lifted to mine, I fell into her dark, hazel orbs. Her beauty mesmerizing me, as my hard cock found her sweet, warm entrance.

I filled her, her moans, the only sounds that sought me. Her tightness, my satiation.

This time, the salty breeze against our skins, the air, warm and cool, we sought our bodies. We filled our souls. The passion reached and burned within us.
I set a slow rhythm. Matching the unidentifiable emotions that spiraled uncontrollably inside me. I touched her with my heart, my eyes. Memorizing every part of her.

When we finished, we both lay on the sturdy recliner, naked. Our skins cooling. Her breathing evened, as she slept.

Then like a sinner to a confessor, I said. "Baby, I'm a killer. I took my first life at 16."
###chapter 72: My Own Dancer...
 ***Levi.***

***Philadelphia,***
***September 30th,***
***Twenty Years earlier***

"Alright students. You can see that in this sculpture, *the little dancer,* Degas' use of real elements, gave it some reality. You see the essence of life that Degas always loved to portray in his works."

Mr Crat described as he took us on a tour of the European Art gallery in the Philadelphia art museum.

I ignored the man's words and focused my 15-year-old mind on the sweet, innocent 14-year-old dancer that was sculptured by Degas. His only sculpture anyway*. I think I prefer his paintings to this sculpture*, I concluded.

"What you doing?" The familiar drawl of my friend, Albert Bethel, came. *Friend*, for sake of a better term. Albert wasn't close to anyone. Not even his family. *I think I am the closest he's ever been with a person*.

"The girl is so pretty." I exhaled. "It's like am seeing her mind. I wonder if she had a boy our age that liked her." I turned to Albert, who equally watched the piece.

Albert shrugged, nonchalantly. "I think you are the only friend I've got that knows his Degas." Albert winked at me.

"I'm the only real friend you've got, prick face." I teased. Both of us silently giggling, so we wouldn't attract Mr Crat.

"You know; I am going to have my own dancer one day. A sweet girl, who would be entirely mine. She wouldn't belong to anyone else." I emotionally intoned, staring at the girl.

Wanting to hold her hand. I loved the color of the sculpture. The chocolate hue. The color of my favorite dessert.

"Yeah. You'd have one, if my father would come here now and apologize for all those years he left me here in Philadelphia with his sister and not with him." Albert snidely remarked.

I turned to Albert, feeling sorry for him.
He lived here in Philadelphia, since he was six. Never going home. His father deliberately severed all ties with him. And his mother at the time it occurred, had been too soft hearted to fight.
She died soon after Albert was brought here.

"Am sorry dude." I tapped his shoulder. He shrugged me off and moved away, joining the others, who were looking at a painting.

I lingered longer, watching that sculpture. My resolve firm that I'd one day have my own dancer. 

***

***Monday, a week later.***

I sat in the school dining room and ate silently, while my friends all talked animatedly around me.

I was caught in the middle of their argument. They all had a bet that Albert wouldn't ask a girl in the girls' school, Caprice as a date for the school's annual fall dance in three weeks. I knew Albert would pull it off. But they argued against it. Albert was unsociable. Most times, he sat among the boys, only when he was certain I was around.

"Hey dude, you've been awfully quiet." Abel, another one of my friends threw at me.

I looked up from my food. Albert nodded his head at me, a brow raised in concern. I shook my head. I couldn't tell them that my dad was falling into debts and it worried my mum.

I got another call from her, yesterday evening, informing me of the number of letters to that effect she found hidden in dad's office drawer.

Telling my friends would mean I was heading to poverty lane. And that could never happen to me, because I was a Ruthford.

Born into a very reputable family, actually one of America's wealthiest and renowned families, I was highly famous. I walked the streets and all eyes turned to me, media following me, just to get a story. That was the reason I was sent to school here.

St Damian's Private Boarding School for boys, Philadelphia, was just an escape route my parents had chosen to hide me from the public. At least with it, I was sure to have a normal childhood with kids my age.

The school, reputable, enrolled only kids from the wealthiest families. Kids whose parents always contributed handsomely to it's development.

A school that always assessed the bank statements of the parents. It was going to be chaos, if they knew our current situation.

"Hey Ruthford, who are you taking to the fall dance?" Mike asked, playfully.

Everyone at the table turned curious stares to me. I hadn't even thought about that. These days, I was as nervous as shit, thinking about the crisis at home.

"ErrMeghan" I remarked, coolly.

Meghan would be willing to go. She was the hottest girl in the girls' school nearby.

My friends all cheered. Their heartiness mildly easing me. I needed to give Meghan a call later, to remind her.

Tall, very mature for my age, I was termed one of the most handsome students in school. My green eyes my weapon and charm with the ladies. One look at them and they weakened. So Meghan would feel honored to have me as her date for the dance.

After losing my virginity to one of dad's secretaries on my fourteenth birthday, last year, I was on fire. Every girl had become my canvas to paint all the colors of sin. 
Both schools welcomed only rich and respectable students. All born with golden spoons, we had no care in the world but our name. Maintaining high standards, which we were born into.
We couldn't become poor. That was definitely out of the question.

If we did, I'd lose my face before these guys and the media.
Pasting a fake smile, I listened to the others. Drinking, dancing, girls, sex; was all going to be memorable activities for the dance. I only hoped dad sorted this shit soon. Because the last thing I needed was an emotional wreckage, now that my grades were in perfect synchrony for better chances after high school.

Dad said Harvard. Mum and I said MIT. I'd just let life after high school play out.
###chapter 73: My Art Piece…
  
***Kenya.***

***Thursday, present day***

"You've been awfully quiet since we entered here this morning," I said to Levi, as we stood before the white marble sculpture of Dionysus.

He turned to me, tensed.

"Nothing, Baby. Am just watching the sculpture like you are." He smiled. But I saw pain. He had something on his mind and I only wished he would share.

I woke up this morning, well rested and sore, from all we had done yesterday. When I turned in bed, he was still asleep, his arms possessive round my waist. His handsome face, so relaxed, innocent, as he slept. His hair, tussled. Some locks fallen over his face. I trailed my fingers along his face and he stirred.

I just lay there, watching him sleep. His breathing even, and I couldn't help my thoughts returning to last night. The sex had been different. Tender, passionate. A connection. And I couldn't even speak of the eventful day we had shared; talking, ordering takeout and more sex.

"There is still more to see inside. Shall we?" Levi's voice urged me out of my reverie. I nodded, giving him my hand, as he guided us inside the Vizcaya mansion. The surrounding water and environment, reminiscent of an era that once was.

Built in the early 20th century, the estate was beautiful. An architectural wonder even in this modern day. We saw a couple or two, taking wedding shots inside the villa and I smiled, recalling our own wedding. I wish things had been different. I wish ours had been borne out of true feelings. Rather, it had been forceful. Displeasure threatened, shattering the ease I finally found again in his presence. But I banished it.

"Look at that couple." I nodded in their direction. Levi followed my gaze and smiled, tenderly.

"They look beautiful, right." He remarked, absently. I nodded. He leaned in and placed a kiss on my forehead.

After a while of silence, as we strolled inside the villa, checking the rooms, like every other guest, I spoke.

"You can tell me what bothers you. I might not be able to help, but I'm a great listener." I encouraged. He laughed a little.

Exhaling, Levi spoke. "I remembered something from my childhood, when we gazed at that sculpture." He started. I nodded.

"Good ones." I pressed. He shrugged.

"Some good. Like the one where I had visited the museum in Philadelphia and saw my favorite sculpture. Degas' sculpture."

"No way! You also love Degas?" I asked, surprised.

"Yes, very much. And from your tone, you do as well." He chuckled.

"Of course. My favorite artist, because of how he always painted ballerinas." I beamed.

"I do. I've accumulated some good Degas paintings over the years," he said. I didn't know that. Perhaps I had been too engrossed with my pain, I hadn't even noticed the paintings.

"In all the houses?" I asked, intrigued. He nodded.

"Didn't you see them?" He asked, turning to me. I felt embarrassed acknowledging my clumsiness. He smiled. No judgement in his expression.

"Perhaps we will watch some of the paintings when we get to the house." He suggested. I nodded in acquiescence.

We stopped at a tapestry decoration in one of the rooms and examined it. It was beautiful. An artistic Italian tapestry that looked very expensive. Covered in intricate patterns. I wished we could live here. The renaissance outlook, the history it had.

"This is a beautiful and historic piece of art. Timeless. Even in this age, it's one in a million," I appreciatively said. My eyes filled with admiration.

I felt Levi's gaze on me, even before I saw it. Our fingers interlaced, his warmth travelling through me.

"You're my art piece. You're one in a million. I'd buy you on my wall, any day." He moved closer, lowering his lips to my ear. I shuddered at the intimacy. Levi was killing me.

"I don't think you want to initiate sexual innuendos in such a crowded place." I raised a sultry gaze to him.

He smiled, seductively. His fingers found the small of my back. His soft, welcoming strokes, burned me.

"What if I do?" He asked, his gaze holding mine. "We aren't strangers to danger, are we?" He asked me. I smiled shyly, knowing his meaning.

Someone came to stand beside us and we both giggled at our mischief. I liked this new side to us. It was funny, comfortable and there was no tension. Although the past occurrence still hung between us, but I could go around that. I could let us be friends.

Perhaps more than friends.

***

***Levi***.

It was 8 pm and we were getting ready to go to the club.

I already phoned Liam that we were on our way. A certain tension gripped me, since last night that I whispered a confession into the ears of a sleeping Kenya. It was like her tenderness with me had made me admit a part of me, which I had never accepted even to myself. The absence of her resistance had weakened me. And now I was vulnerable. Like I needed her very existence for my survival. I didn't even know what I meant by that.

I had on black long sleeved shirt, my top buttons off, and black slacks. I hid my flick blade inside my ankle, so that Kenya wouldn't see it. I had work to do tonight, even if I promised her fun. However, I was going to do my utmost best to ensure she had a great night.

I even promised her a private tour of my own, if she behaved tonight. Something crazy that would beat the fun those pups had planned for her in that new club on 57th. She had told me about her friends' efforts to have her visit the club with them. But my marriage to her had ruined those plans.

Now it was up to me to give my wife a fabulous first night in a club.
###chapter 74: All the King’s Horses…
  
***Levi.***

***Philadelphia,***
***October 18th, twenty years earlier***

I lay in bed, Meghan rolling her hips on top of me. Her cry of release, my undoing.

My blood pumping in my crotch, pleasure searing me, I finally came. Letting out a guttural cry, my release explosive, filling Meghan. She was on birth control, so we had no issues.

I finally asked her to the dance, days ago and she delightfully agreed. She thought that I had found someone else, so she had reined in her disappointment. Letting the dance go all together, if she couldn't have me.

Sex tonight with her was her gratitude. Remarkable how wealth could make girls older than me, like Meghan, flutter around.

She was 16 and could have any of the older boys, yet she went for me.
I heard she had been dating the quarter back in our team, until last month. He dumped her arse for Lucia, her best friend.

We finished and I leaned over. Picking a box of scented wipes for us. She kissed me and I smiled, wanly. Distracted by the news I had read on the internet earlier in the day, about stocks falling in most of the major companies. The media was considerate not to name the companies, because of the damage it would cause the families involved. Yet my worry lingered.

When I called dad, he assured me our safety.

In spite of dad's words, I couldn't dispel the doubt that gnawed inside me.

"Did you hear that Abel's father was affected by those fallen stocks?" Meghan softly said. I turned to her. She sat upright, pulling elegant fingers through her shining blonde hair.

My body shook with alarm and curiosity. *How did she get to know? I thought the names weren't published.*
I tried to school my emotions, but it was difficult, considering I had no certainty about my family's standing.

"How did you know?" I cleared my throat. She shrugged. Shrugged to a situation such as this.

"His father was a customer in dad's bank until this morning when he lost everything." She smiled, kissing me full on the lips.

Yeah, Meghan's dad would know that, since he owned a bank. Mirage was a family owned bank, established years ago by the Reeds.

Timothy Reed, was a very shrewd president of the bank and he was renowned for his lack of leniency with his customers. Thankfully, dad wasn't his customer.

"I wonder how Abel's taking it?" I asked no one in particular. She shrugged again.

"Talia, his girlfriend says he has been called back home. They'll be leaving for Phoenix in a few days. That's the only home they've got left."

I didn't see pity in Meghan's eyes as she spoke. To her, Abel Greenoff, was another statistic in Mirage's books. This could be my story, if Dad's equally affected. I had no clue on that.

I shuddered, wondering how these guys that called themselves friends, could go from friendly to standoffish.

Trying to be nonchalant, I shrugged. "It's his loss." But my heart said differently. I needed to drop Meghan at her own apartment, so that I could privately speak to my mum.

A few minutes later, I dropped Meghan off in my sleek blue Porsche. A birthday gift from dad. Agony stirred me at the thought of having all these, seized by a bank. I sympathized with Abel, tremendously, but I couldn't help him.
Meghan hadn't even ceased chattering about Abel's woes on our way.

"Good night, Levi." She kissed me deeply, just before she exited the car.

I drove to a quiet corner and invainly phoned mum. It was 9 pm and she was probably at a party or something.
Choosing to trust dad's words, I drove back to my apartment.

***

***October 31***st,
***Thirteen days later***

It was finally the annual fall dance and all of us trudged into the venue. Dressed in majestic costumes and masks.

The senior girls from St Catherine's Private Boarding school, accompanied us as dates for the night. It was a fun program that both prestigious schools participated in. Allowing social interaction amongst students.

I wore a white tux and white cape. A white angel's mask draping my face, looking regal. Even Meghan was beautifully dressed as calypso. Her hair held in Grecian style.

"Who are you supposed to be?" Albert, dressed as a Scandinavian warrior, with a cosplay sword sheathed at his side, asked.

"An angel" I shrugged playfully. Caprice stood by his side, dressed as Athena. She looked beautiful as well. We laughed at our silliness and entered the party, mingling.

Way into the night, I was kissing Meghan, stroking her. Our bodies pressed together as we danced like the other couples in the party.

I liked dating her, even though she was older me. I liked our chemistry and I was aware it wouldn't lead anywhere, but I liked having the popular girl as my date.
My girlfriend.

"Would you like to make this official?" I whispered in her lips. Kissing her to accentuate my words. She gasped, excited.

"I'd be delighted Levi. I thought you'd never ask." She gifted me a kiss, my cock already tightened.

"But, what about our age difference. You don't mind after high school I'd be off to college?" She hesitantly asked. I shrugged. I didn't if she didn't.

"I don't mind. Let's bother about us here and not after high school." I thoughtfully said to her. "Life after high school would take care of itself." I smiled.
She smiled sweetly.

"Levi! Levi!" I heard someone call a few steps away. We turned and I saw Lincoln walking over. He was on our football team. I frowned, drawing closer.

Meghan's fingers were laced sweetly in mine.

"What's up, Link?" I scowled. His look was grim, as he showed me his blackberry.

"Your father, dude. He committed suicide hours ago. The banks came for everything."

Ice crawled into my heart.

All the King's horses couldn't stop humpty from falling.
###chapter 75: Lil Freaks...
***Kenya.***

***Present day***

Loud music reverberated through the halls as we walked into the club. Bright techno lights.

This entire floor dedicated to VIP customers.

Possess club and Casino, was a tall, multi-story building situated on Miami Beach. Levi informed me that the majestic building was constructed by his company, a few years ago. I felt pride at the revelation.

I was dressed in black broad soled heels, black lacy, mono sleeved jumpsuit. It showed my bare legs and arms. My ears had on diamond earrings. My hair, silk pressed. Dropping below my shoulders. Levi said we had to dress expensive; club's dress code.

He looked extremely handsome as well. His hair shining, tussled. Top buttons of his shirt, open to expose some skin. I swallod, tempted.

A door slid open and we walked into a huge hall, filled with lavishly dressed attendees, in plush seats. The lighting, soft, erotic. It was like walking into a private show room. I gawked as my eyes swept round the room. There were tables attached to all the seats and women in expensive lingerie, their faces masked, pole danced on all the tables. The eyes of the guests lazily watched the dancers perform.

My thighs clenched at the lewdness. I stared as we walked further. They didn't even mind the stares, they just danced. Deftly expressing their emotions.

"Do they get embarrassed?" I asked. Levi's gaze studied me, as we finally sat at a table with Ruthfords' on it. He helped me to my sit, a waiter coming to take our orders.

His eyes flicked to a dancer. "They're paid handsomely." He tilted his head at me.

I couldn't even explain how I felt. I didn't know if it was right that the women worked this kind of jobs. I had no idea what I thought. A few months ago, I would have had an answer. But ever since my marriage to Levi, it was like all reason abandoned me. The world no longer black and white.

"If you're uncomfortable we can just see Liam and leave." Levi considerately suggested.

I stared at him. My eyes caught sight of a girl already approaching us. Our dancer for the night. I swallowed. She was dressed in bejeweled lingerie, her mask equally jeweled. Her jeweled heels clicked as she mounted the steps. Her skin the same hue as mine, shining under the soft light. Her exotic scent, intoxicating. Levi held his hand in midair, halting her.

"Just say the word Kenya. Your sensibility matters to me."

I hesitated. My eyes shifting to the shining pole and I recalled the night he asked me to pole dance for him. Intrigue suddenly banished my hesitation.

"I'm fine Levi. I want to watch." My voice was soft.

Levi nodded his head and the dancer commenced with her dancing. Her fluid movement caught my eyes and I just got lost.

"I'd be right back." Levi kissed me. "I got to answer this call."

I barely registered a word he said, because I was so entranced by the beautiful dancer.

Her movements, expertly delivered, as she leaped on the pole. Her body language, clear, as she displayed her inner emotions. Seduction. I wondered if I could seduce Levi like that. She wasn't hesitant or shy. She was bold and I admired that.

I was tempted to touch. To feel her skin; her long legs hugging those heels. Even her hips, swayed seductively. The bass, booming across the speakers. Was I *wrong in being tempted to touch her. Did that make me lustful?*

"One would think you wish to climb the pole and dance." I heard a rich voice say.

I turned sharply. A very tall, handsome man, stood by my side. Chiseled. He had blonde hair, cropped and tussled, on his head. His face, clean shaven and he wore white long sleeved shirt and black slacks. Beside him was a waiter, who dropped a bottle of wine and three glasses on our table.

My eyes assessed him. He looked the same height as Levi. I flushed from being caught staring so profoundly at the dancer.

"I don't wish to dance on the pole." I lied*. I really wished to dance for my husband on the pole.*

The man grinned, seductively and lazily. He sat beside me, equally watching the dancer. I took the opportunity to gaze at his profile. His face had very fine features. His eyes gleamed, under the light. I couldn't really discern their color, but they stared intensely.

"She dances beautifully, doesn't she?" He remarked, his eyes burning me.

I hastily averted my gaze, upset that he caught me staring. It was awkward, staring at another man that wasn't Levi. It made me feel awful.

I flicked a gaze to the man and saw he watched me from his scrutinizing gaze.

"I asked my husband if they feel embarrassed dancing like this. But he told me they are handsomely paid." I smiled, nervously. The man's gaze was blank as he watched me. Then he moved his gaze to the dancer.

"They are." He drawled. He wasn't in a hurry. I watched his lips. They were alluring. Perfectly fitted for his face. "And they enjoy their work. Each one of these dancers, has a wealthy patron that caters for her wellbeing." He smirked. A devilish gleam in his eyes.

I looked at the women in a new light.

"We have lawyers for them. They pay taxes as well."

I stared at the dancer before us. I wondered if Levi was one of their patrons. If he had a girl he catered for, since he seemed familiar with the owner of the establishment.

"I am curious. My husband seems to know the owner of the place. Could he have had a girl?"

*Silence*.

"He did. Two lil freaks."

I faltered, confused. "Lil freaks? HHow did you know?" I asked, bewildered. At the same time, affronted, jealous.

"Because I am the owner of the place. Liam Copeland at your service."
###chapter 76: Tragedy’s Veil…
***Levi.***

***New York,***
***Twenty years earlier...***

I stared at the black shining coffin being laid into the ground.

Six feet. The sound of the wheel as it lowered the coffin, a reminder of dad's demise. Mum crying in my arms, wet the front of my black coat. Family friends stood around, commiserating with us. But I barely heard them. All I heard were the words that rambled on the news for the past two weeks, since he died.

***'Richard Ruthford found dead. Throat slit in his office of their Irvington residence.'***
***'Richard's suicide note; Am sorry Christina and Levi. I should have been a better husband and father.'***
***'Debt drowned Ruthford. Stocks fell. No way out. Possessions claimed by the banks.'***

I inhaled a shaky breath, drowning in the enormity of reality. The banks were already taking everything. The cars, the houses. The companies. Everything.

It turns out dad mortgaged everything and now the banks had to claim all assets to cover the loans he had taken, which he had been unable to repay. The stocks fell, so he couldn't repay the loans he had borrowed.
But that was the surface news.

The truth was dad never used that loan for investments he had claimed them for.
 An investigative journalist had revealed that all the money dad borrowed had been for his gambling and pleasure; women. Mum had threatened to sue the journalist.

But once the banks came knocking, she barely had any strength left.

She was smoking more these days. Attributed it to the cold. But I was aware her humiliation pushed her further down.

My friends were gone. Not a soul left. Meghan no longer picked my calls and the school hadn't even bothered to send a representative to the funeral. It was like I never existed. Albert was kind enough to attend the funeral. Am sure Abel would have, if he had still been alive.

He was found dead in a pool, two days after dad died. Suicide. Couldn't bear the humiliation from the guys at school. I couldn't even cry when I heard. I only allowed numbness consume me. Tragedy's veil, my cloak.

"Levi."

I started at the voice. Meghan's father; Timothy reed. I was too numb to be shocked that he was present. Equally dressed in black, his wife stood beside him, wearing a pity look. *I hated pity looks.*

"I am sorry about your loss."

Timothy Reed turned his unreadable hard gaze to mum. He was in good form, his wealth not affecting his fitness. "Christina. Take heart. Richard is in a better place." 

I lifted a sharp gaze to the man. *What better place?* He was dead. Then I exhaled, truth flooding me. Dad was in a better place, which he didn't deserve, for all his bullshit recklessness. While we suffered.

I didn't cry at the funeral. I was only furious. I didn't even cry when Lincoln broke the news that night. I only sank to the floor in shock.

Ignoring the Reeds and mum, I walked in the direction of the only car left. Mine. Dad didn't mortgage that one. He was considerate enough. Perhaps his own pity hormone had kicked in then.

But we might need to sell later. Mum's accounts were emptying because of the debts. By the time she's finished paying them, there'd be nothing left.

Thank God Meghan didn't come. I might have taken out her dad's words on her. I watched the man, touching mum's arms. Even though she wore her coat, I still felt his filthy hand scorch her.

The fallen golden leaves rustled in the distance and I allowed their sight distract me from Timothy, who couldn't even hold his prick in check, in his wife's presence. I was aware my mum's beauty. Her emerald eyes mirrored mine. Actually I looked like mum, but with dad's hard features. So I didn't blame the men from touching her.

None of them could when dad was alive. They had all respected her. Now the cat's dead; the mice play.

Dad's guards were all gone, even the household workers. Mum couldn't maintain their pay.

The Ruthford mansion was already in the bank's possession. The banks were selling it to the Macklesfields. I was friends with one of them. We were chat buddies and he promised me that one day, I'd get back the house. I don't even know why those words lifted me a bit. It was like a vow of two young boys, who didn't know the shit world we lived in. But I held on to that encouragement. That vow.

Yes, I'd get back the house, restore the family's honor. Every taint of dad's error would be erased.

"The Moores are here. Do you want to say hi?" Albert came up beside me. His tone, grave. I turned to him. My gaze, hard. I think he felt it and looked at me. He understood immediately my reason for walking away from the scene.

"Don't think filthy thoughts man. Your mum is too pure for that." Albert snorted.

"But they aren't," I snidely said.

My eyes turned to where she stood, innocuously greeting the idiots that held only dirt in their hearts for her.

"It's them."

Albert inhaled a steady breath. Am sure he equally saw. We had our backs leaned against the car, my hands in my pockets.

"Maybe you should see beyond that, Levi. Your mum's grieving. She wouldn't even have a thought to be with any of these men," Albert said, ruefully. My lips pulled back in a grim line as the thought of her, soiling herself before these men, took form.

"I would break every fucking bone in their bodies, if they dare as bring out their pricks to her." I vowed, my tone dark. I felt Albert's gaze on me for a while, silently contemplating.
"If they do, I'd give you leave to break them." Albert sneered.

I slipped into the car. For the first time since the death, I cried bitterly.
###chapter 77: Just Business…
  
***Kenya.***

***Present day***

*Liam Copeland? Wow*. *This man just broke me.*

I stared at him, mixed emotions inundating me. *Lil Freaks?* *What sort of name was that?* I swept a gaze around the dancers. I didn't even know what to say.

*Levi had two women? Mistresses*. This was doing weird things to my inside. I was battling shock, curiosity and jealously. It was all too much. And a strange welcome of naughty thoughts. 

"Can I see them?" I asked, quietly. I think I was hurt. I couldn't tell. Liam gauged me, his head tilted.

A grin pestered his lips. "They're gone. He settled them both, as soon as he proposed to you." Liam revealed.

My lips parted, speechless.

If I recalled, there hadn't been a proper proposal. It had been unusual. But I wasn't going to let that out. And how had this Liam guy known about that? Had Levi told him the circumstances surrounding us.

Relief washed over me at the absence of Levi's pair of mistresses.

I wasn't sure I would have been able to bear their presence. Women with such sex appeal; I couldn't bear it. I was jealous. *Oh my God. I never thought I'd see the day that I'd feel jealous over Levi. This was new.*

"So no more contact?" I pressed. I needed certainty.

Liam shook his head, amused. I frowned at his expression. He signaled a waiter. Liam exuded arrogance and enviable confidence. He was as impervious as my husband.

The wine was opened, the waiter filling two glasses.

"As soon as Levi informed me of your presence." He started, after the waiter left, handing me a glass. "I couldn't wait to welcome the couple myself. Your news still buzzes the internet, you know. I'm surprised the press outside didn't eat you alive. When word got out that we were repeating stripper's night in your honor, they flooded the premises." His tone was playful and I liked his smile.

He was really easy to talk to and flirtatious. I lifted my glass and we toasted.

"To new beginnings." He intoned. I nodded and sipped my drink.

"Wasn't my husband supposed to be present for the toast?" I asked, calmly. I wondered where Levi was. He was to answer a call, moments ago. I couldn't see him anywhere.

Liam shrugged, smiling slyly.

"So how do you find your experience here so far?" He asked, intrigued. I looked around.

"It's beautiful. I didn't even know what to expect. But I am impressed."

He watched me from a veiled expression. I couldn't really fathom his thoughts. Then his eyes shifted and I followed his gaze as he silently watched a couple of women, seated some distance. He looked lost as he stared at them.

"Are you alright, Mr Liam"

"Please. Just Liam Is fine." He managed to say, tightly. I nodded, confused. Then a man in black two-piece suit, came to whisper in Liam's ear.

"You'd have to excuse me. Some pressing matters have come up." He rose to his feet.

Closing the space between us, he whispered into my ear, his breath fanning me.

"You have a beautiful smile. Never lose it." I gasped at his words and the intimacy.

As he walked away, I silently wondered if that guy might be K.C.

***

***Levi.***

***Meanwhile***

I sat down and allowed the jolts of electricity settle in the man, before I spoke again.

"I ask again. Who asked you to bring the girls?" My tone was cold.

My gaze hard. I was two seconds away from pulling his tongue out. The man whimpered as his body regained blood flow.

We were in a room in the underground floor of Possess. This man was intercepted by Liam's men, about three weeks ago, smuggling a container of 300 girls into Miami from God knows where. I would have been here, weeks back, but I had pressing matters. So we just detained him, until my arrival.

However, another container was intercepted three nights back and this time, Liam lost a number of men in the shootout. So now we needed to interrogate this guy and find out their operations and their boss. Blake already had a team decoding his phone and laptop.

"Has he talked yet?" Liam spoke as he came to stand beside me. I shook my head. The room was cozy. Air conditioned. I didn't even have time to see past this ass hole.

"What are we going to do with the girls? 600 of them, Levi," Liam said.

I was revolted by all this. These people kept trafficking girls, separating them from their families on the pretext of a better life in America. And in the end, some got killed. Used for very sadistic practices. I had witnessed such acts, years ago. And I vowed never to condone such.

I nodded and one of the men pulled the lever and the man screamed in agony. Jolts of electricity travelling through him. His entire body writhing. He was strapped to an electric chair and wires.

We watched silently, the smell of burned flesh filling the air.

When it was over and the man could speak, he panted.

"II will tell you everything." He gasped. I waited.

"We work for BB He is a faceless person. We just get called and we arrange for the girls. We've never met him. Even our contact with him doesn'tDoesn't use his real voice." He whimpered.

His body trembling. I shared a glance with Liam, our brows raised. *BB?* I had heard of the name before. But we had never crossed paths.

"Where can we find him?" Liam asked, killing the tension.

"He finds you No one finds 'im." The man's eyes were weary from exhaustion and fear.

I knew he was lying. Fury found me at the man's tenacity.

I closed the space, pulling out my flick blade at the same time.

"This is just business friend." I pulled my knife, slicing the man's throat clean.

Blood gushing out.
###chapter 78: This Isn’t So bad…
  
***Levi.***

***24th December, 20 years earlier***

Cold seeped into me, as I walked to the bus stop. 

It was 6 pm, my shift over.

I was grateful I didn't have to repeat this for the next few days, until Christmas was over. Mr Nate asked all high school students working for him to go on leave for the holidays.

I now worked shifts on the counter at Thrills and Burgers. It was a few minutes from home and they paid good. It was a relief for us. I was really exhausted, not a break since dad's death. But we were surviving. Yeah, I worked. Funny right. But it was true.

After the funeral, things spiraled downhill. We eventually sold my Porsche. Abandoned by our friends. It was funny how people disappeared when you became destitute.
I had Mum's Christmas gift in my back pack and some chicken left overs, heading home. *I hope mum would be able to get a tree. There was no Christmas without a tree.*

I got in the bus, sitting at a window seat. Putting on my ear piece, listening to some music. I absently watched the snow covered streets. All lit with Christmas lights. I suddenly recalled days we had such Christmas decorations. I banished the tears that stung.

My only priority was mum's wellbeing. She had this unrelenting and pesky cough.

Someone tapped my shoulder and I turned sharply to stare at a boy, my age, gazing at me. I took off one ear piece. My brow questioning.

"Mind if I sit?" He indicated the empty seat beside me. I shifted. He wore an expensive looking coat. A designer coat, from the texture. His brown hair, ruffled, and he smelled of cigarettes. He offered me one and I refused. He shrugged.

"I've been watching you, you know." The boy started. I turned quizzically to him. "My name is Black Pea. I like you."

I raised a brow. "I'm not gay," I said. He chuckled.

"I'm not either." Then he turned quiet, the smoke equally warming me.

"I see you working at that fast food and I feel sorry for you. You, my man, deserves better."

I impatiently watched the boy. I didn't need all this kind of pep talk. I was already irritated, sitting in a bus with these fucking low lives. The last thing I needed was being reminded of my nose dive.

A few weeks ago, this kind of street rat that reeked of celebrity wanna bee, wouldn't have stopped me. Wouldn't have even seen a piece of me.

"ErrLook, Black Pea or whatever"

"Am not here to bore you. I just wanted to tell you that if you're tired of counting peanuts, call me." He handed me a card.

I condescendingly ignored it.

"I don't need your fucking card." I tightly spat. He grinned, darkly.

Then he pressed the emergency stop button over my head, the bus coming to a slow halt. Dropping the card in my lap, he said.

"I'd be waiting for your call. This is my stop." One last nod, he dropped down. Our gazes locked, as the bus continued on its way.

I was furious as the bus drove on. The thought of the drastic changes in our lives, which had caused us to live in such conditions, infuriated me. I was livid as I recalled the boy and his smug talk. Like he was doing me a fucking favor.

Our lives had become a forgotten story. Our names, erased from everyone's lips.

When things had grown dire, we had begged for help from almost all dad's friends. People that had once dined with us. But they had all ignored us. The men, propositioning mum for sex. Although mum never agreed to their terms and she never told me. But I eavesdropped, and I heard her pleas; asking them not to. I had listened. Memorized all their names.

We had eventually moved to Hell's kitchen. The only place no one would look to find us. Affordable rent and I was now schooling at a public school. No hope for college yet.

Entering the house, I was greeted by the smell of christmas. It was a small room in an apartment building.

We cleaned it up nice. The neighborhood, dangerous at times. Every now and then, someone got shot.

"Hi mum." I greeted, dropping my backpack and the chicken on the table.

I kissed her, as she pulled out a fresh batch of cookies from the old oven. We got it on sale. She excitedly kissed me back. Slipping a cookie into my mouth. I pulled out my paycheck and handed it over.

"I got this for Christmas. And Mr Nate even handed us all bonuses and chicken." I smiled as I came to join her in decorating the small Christmas tree.

"It's small." I teased, my mind instantly recalling the large tree that used to stand in our house.

I didn't want her to feel bad, so I hastily came to hug her. She swatted me playfully.

"This isn't so bad, honey." She put her hand over my shoulders. "Look, Mr Chen even handed us a box of old Christmas ornaments he no longer uses."

I turned to her, my heart torn, watching her try to pull up a brave front in the midst of our woes.

This was a woman, whose entire wardrobe, once contained designer clothes and jewelry. Now she barely had a gem to her name. I wanted to cry. This was supposed to be a perfect family. My perfect story. And dad ruined it.

I pulled my gift from my pocket, my eyes taking in all the decorations. Lights, figurines. Slipping my wrapped gift under the Christmas tree, I kissed her.

"Merry Christmas mum." I smiled. I saw adoration in her eyes, as she watched me. A lone tear finding its way. I brushed it off. She had been through a lot of pain.

And I was going to alleviate her suffering.
###chapter 79: In Love with a Fallen Angel …
  
***Kenya.***

***Present day, two days later***

6 pm and we were having dinner on the terrace, at the President's private home in North Bay Rd, Miami Beach.

Another beautiful suburb in Miami Beach. This one, quiet. The president's house was equally near the water and I could smell the sea. It was wonderful.

We were dressed casually tonight. The air warm. My hair, a half up do, my body draped in an ethnic mini caftan. Levi wore a red T shirt and blue denims. He smiled as the president told us all a joke.

I loved his smile. He was irresistibly handsome when he smiled.

My mind went to two nights ago at the club, when he finally joined me.

He had worn a distant look, even when we danced. But he managed to disguise his countenance with his seductive wiles. Disarming me. Yet I could still feel the tension, in him that night. And when we shared a passionate night, he erased my doubts. His gentleness and attentiveness, comforting.

Now as we sat down to dinner, I still saw absence of that gleam in his eyes.

"Grace, tell her how you intend to extend invitations to her students to perform for every holiday." President William smiled adoringly, holding his wife's hand in his. She turned elatedly to an astonished me.

"With your approval dear, I'd love that very much. There is so much sadness going on in the world and I wish to promote joy." Grace was rueful.

I agreed with her. The amount of injustice and pain that was going round the world was appalling. There was no longer value for humanity and It was sad that we all failed our duties.

"I'd love that very much Grace. It would be an honor." We had already moved from formality. I turned to Levi and he silently observed me. Tenderness in his gaze. He reached a hand for mine and thumbed my fingers. His silence was words enough. He was proud of me. I found that I wanted to always make him proud.

After our very exquisite Mediterranean dinner, courtesy the Walerus' chef, we all took a stroll along the edge. The water lapped aggressively over the dwarf wall, as Levi and I walked a few steps behind the Walerus'.

Walking hand in hand with Levi, the cool air stirred pleasant thoughts in me. His warm fingers tingled me, as they played with mine. I suddenly wished to know him better. Reach his soul. I was succumbing to the waves that he spun, just like the water.

And I feared that I had already drowned in him. My susceptibility, palpable.

"Did you ever have a girlfriend when you were younger?" I asked impulsively. He spared me an amused look. A smile danced on his lips. I hadn't tried to speak to him about what Liam had shared. And it just stood in between us. It was like I suddenly wanted his passion to begin and end with me.

"Girlfriends." He laughed lightly. I didn't find that funny. I felt disappointed.

I think he sensed my reservation.

"Am sorry. Did that hurt youIt's just that you asked and"

"It's alright." I managed quietly, sensing his concern.

I stopped, gently pulling my hands from his and gazing over the water.

Grace and the president were still walking, enjoying their stroll. I think my inferiority would always stand in my way of enjoying happiness with Levi. Apart from his past. He asked forgiveness that night of our reception. And in my book that was a step towards redemption from an ugly past.

"Liam told me that you had mistresses. Lil freaks, as he called them." My back was to him. Soon, he came up behind me, his warmth fanning behind me. I leaned into his solid form, seeking his support. His strength. I don't know what was wrong with me.

"He shouldn't have told you that." Levi breathed, kissing the top of my head. I suddenly remembered what he had said about Blake then. But that was a different time.

"I felt jealous. Inadequate. Am not like them, Levi. Why did you marry me?" Tears stung my eyes.

I wished to just turn to puddle and allow pain sear through me.

Like an anchor, Levi didn't let me fall. He slowly turned me around to face him. His eyes, intense. Penetrating as they watched me.

"I wouldn't have it any other way, Baby. You are all I want. All I need." Hoarse, thick with emotion, his voice travelled through me.

I didn't want to believe him. I saw those girls. Their natural endowments, intimidating. And not to think of the experience they had with pleasuring men. However, the warmth and conviction in his rich voice, eased me.

I looked into his eyes, my heart filled with adoration for this man, who had saved me from the jaws of death in the most unorthodox way. And who had granted me a chance to be a star. Now because of him, I was pushed to my independence. We had even worked round the trojan horse episode. Discussing everything about my businesses with Claudine and the others. He was supportive.

I had never fallen in love with a man before. I had no idea what to expect. They said butterflies fluttered in the belly. You'd see the person everywhere. I think I was seeing Levi everywhere. He finally occupied my every existence. And I was defenseless against him.

Staring into his eyes, my fingers coming to cup his face, I said.

"I think I am falling in love with you, Levi." I smiled, watching him.

He stilled, his eyes searching mine. A certain brief, unfathomable emotion crossing his face.

Silently, Levi lowered his lips and kissed me, tenderly. Deeply. There was need in the kiss as we moaned.

After a moment, Levi pulled away. There was pain in his eyes, his lips pulled tight.

"How can you fall in love with a fallen angel?"
###chapter 80: Welcome home, Ruthford…
  
***Levi.***

***January 5th, 19 years earlier***

My sixteenth birthday was two days ago. I happily celebrated it with mum and Albert.

We had a large cake, which mum baked. She was able to manage her late mum's recipe by heart. I guess some things never leave.

Currently I was waiting for the Black Pea guy at the bus stop.

I called him earlier and he asked me to wait here. The guy was testing my fucking patience, especially in this snow. The ice was punishing tonight, as I sat, waiting. My hands were freezing, even inside the leather gloves; birthday gifts from mum.

When Albert came around, he informed me that his father intended he enrolled for the navy next year, when he turned 17 on January 15th. I was shocked by the news, at the same time happy. Albert would make a great officer. But I couldn't ignore the displeasure he radiated as he broke the news. It was like his will to live had drained from him.

Sadly, he never shared his pain, so I was unable to reach him. My only hope was he'd make good with this opportunity. At least he still had a father to make responsible decisions for him. Mine was gone and left us in penury.

A red convertible pulled up in front of me, and I turned to its blinding light. Someone blared its horn and I sauntered towards it.

"Hey, Waited long?" It was the Black Pea guy. I frowned.

I didn't like this fellow. But at the moment, I needed him. The dashboard light from the car and a street lamp, showed some light on their faces. There were two of them.

Seeing he waited my response, I said a curt no.

"Jump in. Rowan doesn't like to wait." Black Pea revealed. I inhaled a steady breath, offhandedly jumping into the car.

As we drove, Black Pea introduced his companion as Freddy Scissors.

"You have unusual names." I remarked, snidely. I was sure those weren't their names. Sure the car wasn't theirs. It was an expensive and latest model.

The Black Pea guy talked too much. He gave an annoying chuckle and replied.

"You'll too. With Rowan, there is nothing you can do. You wouldn't want dem po po finding your social security now, would you." He chuckled annoyingly again. I reined in my temper. Choosing to watch the night as Freddy whatever drove.

I used the chance of their private conversation to think.

I wasn't an idiot. I was aware this fuck heads didn't own this car. From their talk, they were thieves, in a gang. Though the scale of their mischief, was indiscernible. Yet I could smell them.

I already succumbed to this path. No one knew about my decision. Because I was far gone. I was resolved to give mum the best at all costs.

I silently recalled my reoccurring nightmare of last night. It started the night we buried dad. At first I had attributed it to the repressed anguish. But that was weeks ago and yet they lingered. Me in a dumpster, surrounded by rotten flesh. Then my faceless rescuer.

I was exhausted and allowed my eyes close for a minute, as the convertible drove. Anxiously anticipating the intended destination. I had no idea where we were headed nor who these guys were. But I had to be a good son and heir.

In a few minutes, we arrived a popular red light district on Roosevelt Avenue, Queens. I had never been here.

We parked on the streets lined with hookers and I tried to pretend I didn't see them. *God I had gone low.*

I followed the other two inside a dimly lit building. Loud music, deafening my ears. Barely hearing a thing. Dragged all the way upstairs.

Men and women had sex publicly in the bar and pool tables. Apparently I had died and entered hell the day dad fucked us.

Climbing a set of stairs, the air of the place filled with stale cigarettes, alcohol and sex, we entered a less busy floor of the building. The door was opened for us after a knock.

Inside, we were greeted by soft amber lighting, the man at the door and three women being fucked by a large man. Well, one was being fucked. The other two just had his fingers and mouth in their pussies.

I froze, not knowing whether to turn back the way I came or just look away.

The others didn't seem to mind as Freddy scissors called.

"Rowan! The kid we told you about!"

I turned a sharp infuriated gaze to the Freddy guy. *Kid?* We were all around the same age.

"Am not a kid." I spat, bitterly. They turned to me and Freddy closed the distance between us, lunging for me. My neck on choke hold.

"You think you better than the rest of us, huh, pretty boy. Ama make you bleed that pretty face, until you look like us." He sneered, pressing my throat. Tears stinging my eyes.

"Leave him be, Freddy. He's one of you now!" I heard a voice say, stilling us both.

Freddy sneered, before he roughly, shoved me away. I regained my composure and straightened myself. Coughing and gasping. My throat sore.

The man who had been fucking those women earlier, strolled towards me, his body reeking of sex and saliva. I flinched inwardly.

"These gentlemen, your team mates don't know about aristocrats like us. These guys are street urchins that never tasted gold." The man smugly quipped. He extended a handshake to me, and I looked at that hand, which had pleasured those women, earlier. I ignored the hand and he smiled darkly.

"I like you already. These other fuck heads were too quick to lick my arse." The man swept a gaze at the others. "But in you, I see a prince."

I silently watched the man, my breath coming out more even now.

"Am Rowan. Welcome home, Ruthford."
###chapter 81: I Don’t Deserve Her…
***Levi.***

***Present day, A week later***

"Levi. We've decoded the man's phone. He lied when he informed you that they had no links with the contact and BB."

I listened to Blake. We sat in the office of my private cabin at 8 pm in the evening, as he showed me all the information on his tablet. A cigarette lazily burned between my fingers as I took all the information in.

I knew that man in Miami had been lying. I had smelled it and that was the reason I had killed him. Because he had been wasting my time.

"The contact is Cyril Portman."

I froze at the name. Dark Memories flooding in.

*A man that was notorious for his sinister activities against women in the underworld*.

I contemplated Blake's revelation. My heart racing as actions tied with that name flooded back.

Cyril Portman, AKA, Rhino, was known for his disgusting trade. I had secretly abhorred him, wanted to kill him myself, years ago. But the feds had caught him.

A once convicted criminal in the States for assault, aiding and abetting in murder. He was wanted in many countries for multiple assaults and felonies. Now, his actions had invaded my tuff.

"Where's his residence, lets pay him a visit." My blood boiled.

No one had seen the man in America for years. I was surprised he was making deals here.

"He doesn't reside here, Levi. Has lived in Bali for years since his release from jail. Owns a large villa there," Blake said.

Blake's eyes equally held disgust. We were both familiar with the man.

He showed me the man's details. ID, address splayed on the screen. There was information about the next shipment, which the owner of the phone had been expected to make. Apparently, no one knew he was dead yet.

"Lure him in." I needed Portman gone.

We had met once. Notorious. Dark, sinister.

As a pimp back in the day, the man had been famous for condoning brutality towards his whores. His girls went mysteriously missing, killed or maimed.

Tina was one of his girls I had under my protection. No attachments. I had secretly tried to save her from her life as a prostitute. Somehow, word reached Cyril and the girl had disappeared.

When I found out, I had gone after Cyril, my intent to take him out forever, before he harmed another girl, ending another life. But Rowan had stopped me. I had been 19 at the time and hot blooded.

Now I had another chance.

"I want that fucker gone, Blake."

"Yes, Levi." Blake put away his tablet, his expression guarded.

"Would you be involved in this, or"

"I always wanted to get back at that monster for what he had done with Tina. There hadn't been any solid evidence, as Rowan had insinuated, but I had felt it. He had gotten rid of her for his sick amusement."

My fury palpable as my eyes saw Tina's mangled body. She had been brutally raped. Her body butchered and burned with acid to erase all evidence. I had wept.

Because she had been like me. Once a rich kid, unfortunate to find herself in the darkness.

Blake had equally held me down that night, while they carried her corpse. She had been dumped on our tuff in Queens.

"Don't forget you have your wife to look after now. This action might have consequences. Let's report these guys to the feds." Blake suggested, his tone wary.

I rose to my feet, collecting a file.

"They need evidence. And right now, we don't have that. So how about we handle this our way." I smiled darkly.

Blake shook his head, resignedly.

"Am worried Levi. We both know how things ended for Tina, because you stuck your nose in Cyril's business, years ago. Don't let anything happen to Kenya. She is the best thing that has happened to you in years."

I heard Blake's warning. I really did. It kinda pierced through. But I ignored it. Retribution called.

"You saw Tina's body that night, Blake. The bodies of women that Cyril has destroyed. I saw pictures of those girls, packed as sardines in those containers. People like Cyril don't deserve to live." I shot him a look.

He saw something in my eyes and knew my decision was moot.

"Kenya would be fine. I'd increase security for her." I concluded.

Blake exhaled and nodded his head. Without any further argument, he exited.

I turned to pick my phone, Kenya's picture filled my screen as I highlighted it. A picture of her on our wedding. I had it since after the wedding. She had no idea I did.

Actually she never asked about my phone and I was grateful for that. Cause it would be awkward her seeing it. I didn't want her to conclude things that weren't there.

I sent her a text.

***Me: Hey baby. What you doing?***

I didn't have feelings the way she confessed she did for me. I desired her. I cared about her. *But love.* Love failed me once and it had

damaged me. Love for my father, mum, Belle.

When you loved, you were vulnerable to destruction. And at this moment in my life, I had acquired too much to be destroyed. I needed my life to remain in control. And allowing myself fall was going to do that. Reduce me to ashes. It was going to make me vulnerable.

Her words that night at William's home in Miami, had rattled me. Shocked me shitless. I had kissed her as my best response. My virgin wife turned naughty, who thought she was in love because of her body's reactions to me.

I was a fallen angel. My words that night had disappointed her. But they were true. I needed to save her from me.

A message entered my phone.

***Kenya: Dripping for you. Come home to me. Meet me in the cave.***

*I don't deserve her*.

Lust stirred again.
###chapter 82: I Want to Dance for You…  
  
**Kenya.**

10 pm.

I waited in the cave, my body fired up as I anticipated Levi's return tonight.

When I sent him that text, I had no idea what I had been thinking. I only knew that since I heard of his mistresses, I wanted to do more for him. My body was sore from all my practice on the poles in the cave.

I asked us to return to the Ruthford mansion, a week ago, for this. And tonight, I was sure that I could finally brace the pole.

I still felt horrible for my profound confession to him that night. The humiliation at my impulsively blurting out my inner most thoughts, still stung. But that was the truth that night. And I wasn't changing it. I was falling hard for Levi and I couldn't even stop it, if I tried. And I didn't want to try.

Nothing changed between us since then. Our sex more intimate. My heart entirely invested. He was very supportive these days and it seemed we had finally come around my betrayal to him, when I had seduced him, days back to deliver him my own blow. Announcing my involvement with Claudine, Amanda, Alan and Dave.

These days, we talked comfortably about J'aime and even about my involvement with Amanda, Alan and Dave. It was like Levi was now a devoted man to my independence.

I was preparing more now for the reopening of the school. There was a lot to do. Invitations to send out. Caterers and vendors to engage. Enrollments. Recruitments. And it was all back breaking work. Thankfully, Levi was kind enough to get a P.A to help Andrea and I with everything. And the P.A, Sara, was efficient.

I heard the door to the cave open and my heart picked up. My body already reacting to the way his eyes would take me in. My heart quickened as I heard his familiar footsteps. My soul scorched.

In a few seconds, a fascinated Levi stood a distance. His head tilted, surprise in his eyes, as he appreciatively raked my body whole. I sincerely felt the corset break its lace at the back.

I was wearing a blood red lingerie. The corset, cinching me in the waist, my breasts, pushed up. I felt sultry. My body felt alive. A black, lacy thong and fish net stockings, completed the ensemble. No shoes. I trembled as he watched me.

My body, my insides a mix of emotions. I looked like a queen of the night, wearing a black lacy choker, necklace. My hair pulled back in a bun to expose my neck.

"What is this?" He asked.

His voice, dripping with seduction. He was missing his jacket, tie and his white shirt was opened at the neck. His sleeves rolled up. He looked roguish. Extremely handsome.

I swallowed.

"I want to dance for you." I breathed.

I gripped the pole, my hands shaking.

"You don't have to do this Kenya. I appreciate you the way you are. Those women were long gone." He exhaled a shaky breath, closing the distance between us.

"Let me dance for you, Levi. Let me show you what you mean to me." I shook on my feet.

I wanted him so much. He assessed me silently. His eyes, lazy. A nod came and I inhaled, shakily.

Slowly, Levi went to turn on the music, at the same time, dragging a seat below the stage. His eyes darkly watched me. Dripping with desire.

I started. Slow, steady. My pulse beating fast in my chest as I leaped on the stage. I gripped the pole, twirling fluidly and dancing. Using it as my support. I snaked myself around the pole, stretching. I could feel his eyes on me. I knew when he moved, closed the distance between us.

His breath fanned me, his hands came to hold my waist.

"Kenya" He breathed.

His breath, smelling of smoke, he lowered his lips to my neck. Kissing me. I moaned. Sweat making my body cool. He pulled away, walking down the stage and pulled a drawer.

In his hands, he held a pair of black handcuffs. I stilled, watching him. My heart beating fast. Curious.
*What was he doing with handcuffs?*

The music continued to play, as he came back on the stage. He kissed me tenderly on the lips, at the same time, he hung the handcuffs over a bar above my head. Clasping the cuffs around my wrists, he held my gaze. The cuffs had soft leather.

"Is this what you want?" He asked, darkly.

His tone, menacing. I looked in his eyes. There was something else there. Dark. Hungry. Frightening.

"You want me to treat you like one of them?" He asked, pulling me closer.

The force made the shackles tug my wrists painfully. I cried.

"This is what I did with Lola and Jewel."

*Were those their names?*

My body fired with jealousy.

Not a word more, Levi pulled my corset free, forcefully. It ripped. I gasped, my breasts coming free. His jaw twitched and he turned me around. My arms hurt, suspended like that in midair. Pressing me into his front, he tweaked my nipples with such pain, until I cried. Tears stung my eyes. At the same time, pleasure coursed through me. My nipples were on fire.

He ground his hips into my butt.

"I didn't respect them. They were my little freaks. Girls I fucked for pleasure. YouYou I respect. But tonight, you'll be my little freak." He pressed me to the pole, shifted my thong. The pull tugged my clit.

I sucked in air.

My body pressed tight to the cold pole.

"*LeviYou're scaring me*." I cried.

*Scared. Had I done the wrong thing?* I was petrified.

My body shaking with fear and desire. There was a passion that was ignited. The thought of the danger. Everything coursed through me.

"Are you scared?" He asked. His voice was thick with want.

I nodded.

"Good."
###chapter 83: Scorched...
***Kenya.***

I heard when he pulled down his zipper. I felt when he bent me over, my hand at an odd angle. The pain. And when he pushed my folds apart, I felt the invasion of his large cock. I grew wet in anticipation. My sheath already succumbing to the feel of him, even before he invaded me.

Without warning, without any preamble, Levi pushed himself into me. The force, the feel of him, I cried out in pain. My hips rocked to him. And he pulled out instantly.

I whimpered.

The abruptness of his exit, shocking me. This was confusing. This was different. I was breathless. I ached from the roughness. At the same time, I relished it.

He walked down the stage. I couldn't see him but I heard him opening a drawer and ripping packets or something. Then he returned as quick as he had gone and he busied himself. My cum already rolled down my thighs. I was wet.

A bejeweled mask, its eyes sewn shut, was strapped over my face. I couldn't see a thing. I could only hear. I could only trust that he wouldn't hurt me, even though I was scared shitless.

The sound of the music, RnB, distracting. Then I felt a belt, with a hard, mildly heavy object, strapped around my waist. Sounds of metal against metal, came next. Tiny, chinking, sounds, but I heard them. My throat instantly dried. I wet my lips.

My breaths came out rapid, as I followed his every sound. I was fucking aroused at this time, from anxiety, lust. The danger.

"I am going to fuck you, Kenya, until the mention of my name, would make you as dripping as you said in your text."

The promise, the sound of his voice. And then Levi pushed inside me, roughly. At the same time, I heard a low buzzing sound around my waist. Jolting me. A gentle pressure in between my thighs, a vibration. And I think I died.

Something was nudging me in my clit. Gentle, slow, agonizing strokes. Circles. Circles. My clit was on fire; my pussy was impaled by Levi. As if that wasn't

enough, I felt my nipples, being painfully tweaked. Pressed senseless. Their skin sore. It was like the feel of a knuckle ring or something. I had no idea. I was burning. Scorched.

Levi began moving. Or was it the gentle nudge in my clit that continued to move. Enthralling me. My clit, my pussy. He was thrusting now. I was being thrusted at every angle. My legs were weak, my hands ached. My body was ignited with ecstasy that I never knew existed, amidst all the pain. I was invaded whole and there was no regret.

If this was his form of disrespect, I already liked it. Pain surged through me as my first wave of an orgasm wracked me.

"LeviPlease" I whimpered.

He didn't seem to hear me. His grunts, his growls, drowned my cry of release. I didn't even know how I could still breathe. He didn't stop. He didn't let go. The

buzzing in my clit didn't relent. My entire cum dripped down my fish stockings. I was soaked. My arms ached.

*I think I passed out. Died. I wasn't sure.*

*Could a person die from ecstasy?*

***

***Levi.***

I loosened her from her position. Pulled out from her and cradled her in my arms. She whimpered. Moaned again.
All my tenderness was replaced by a primal urge. I was that raw Levi again. The one that pursued his pleasures. The one that enjoyed the darkness. And right now, I was enjoying the darkness with my little, willing wife.

She trusted me. Didn't question me. She just let me lead her to wherever I wanted. I was alien to myself as I carried her.

"Where are you taking me?" She weakly asked.

I could feel her strength slipping. I could feel more desire coursing through me, as I carried her.

"To be fucked again. Until I have tasted you whole, you aren't leaving this room."

When Kenya had sent that text earlier tonight, I had doubted my eye sight. I had doubted my reading skills.
She made me doubt myself. She needed to be punished. A naughty girl. My naughty wife.

Even when I sped home to her, I hadn't still known what to expect. Because the last I checked, she was still new to all this. I had no idea that had been the reason she had asked us to go to the Ruthford mansion immediately we landed New York. I wondered what to expect as I returned to the mansion.

And in a million years, I would never have expected this from her tonight.
Bewildered at the sight of my beautiful wife, my cock had instantly jumped to life. It had ached with the thought of taking her. But I had steadied myself. Waiting for her green light. And when it had finally arrived, I had welcomed it. Obeyed her subtle command, without argument.

All dressed like a vampire queen, I couldn't keep my hands off her. It was like my own little mistress in my wife. A two in one package.

She was weak. The sound of the vibrator, rolling her clit. Her ecstasy, relentless as she squirmed in my arms. She didn't even understand the amount of pleasure that she exuded at the moment.

I knew that her fantasy was piqued the night she asked me about Lola and Jewel. But I had dismissed it and attributed it to a little wife's jealousy. Now I wanted to fulfil both our darkest fantasies.

Setting her down on shaky legs, I steadied her. I proceeded to set up my workshop. Pulling a bar across the pool table. Then I assisted her unto the table and bent her on all fours on top it. I still heard the buzzing sound of the vibrator, thrilling me. My cock was rock hard, but I was extremely patient.
###chapter 84: Defeated...
***Levi.***

Shackling her to the bar, I loomed over her and positioned myself at her entrance.

I slipped on my pleasure tweezers and began to press Kenya's nipples again, pushing myself to the hilt inside her. Taking her from behind. God she was tight! I had never done this with her before and I must say, the pleasure shot through me, like tiny jolts of electricity.

I thrusted in and out, the angle of her hips spread for me, my undoing. I grunted as I continued to thrust inside her. My body fired up. My cock persistent. She cried, her legs threatening to buckle. But I didn't let her. I gripped her waist tight. Plunging into her. The ferocity in my, motivated by my need to consume her whole. To possess her, until nothing left in her but my breath. My entire essence.

Pressing and pulling myself into her, until her pussy clenched and expanded for me.

Her warm, wet sheath, opened for me. I pulled out, the sound of my cock slipping out, giving a pop. And I leaned my tongue into her, drinking her cum. She continued to leak, delectable nectar. Her clit being massaged by the little vibrator. Stimulating her to release more cum for me. Her pussy pliant. Receiving my tongue without any inhibition.

I wasn't sure she could take more. I felt her core quicken in my tongue, which briefly replaced the vibrator, as I sucked her.

"LeviPleasePlease" She cried. Her moans, sing songs to my ears.

My cock wanted more of her, so I returned to position. And in no time, she was rocking to the rhythm of my cock inside her again.

Faster and faster, I moved. Slow and in circles. Any pace I set and she rocked her hips to me. She was speaking French now. Her incoherent words, amusing to me. But I didn't stop. My ministrations continued.

And it seemed she innocuously tilted her hips at an angle that pushed me to her sugar spot. I increased the pressure of the vibrator, making it more intense.

Taking down her shackles, I flipped her to her back. Pushing my cock inside her, as she had her legs, raised on the table. I pressed the vibrator some more and she frantically shifted her head in ecstasy. Her body squirmed beneath as I sucked her nipples and simultaneously thrusted into her, in relentless strokes.

My own release neared. My pleasure reaching its peak, as I felt another wave of her climax.

"Kenya, look at me" I said her name like a plea. Like a desperate soul, nearing its end. Wishing for the redemption from eternal condemnation.

My eyes held hers and what I saw broke me. A gripping pressure, constricted my chest. Twisted me from inside. An implosion that I found destroying all the barricades I had secured around my being for years.

This wasn't Lola or Jewel. This wasn't any of the other women. This was the only woman that had ever made me feel this wanted. This desired. Genuine lust, passion coursed through me, whenever we had sex. The look in her eyes, as our bodies merged, was pure adoration. One I always yearned for.

I'd die for her. Give up my life for her.

And I stilled as realization set in. But my dark thoughts instantly replaced the feeling, as my cum flooded her. My basal needs filled me. Engulfed me, until I was nothing but a slave to the waves of the hunger that rocked the both of us.

Her delicious cum coated me. My guttural cry, buried in her lips as I drank her in a searing kiss. Trying to dispel the unease that had crawled into me, moments ago.

Kenya shook beneath me, as wave after wave of her own release rippled through her. Our breaths, heavy. Mingling as one. Her eyes still blindfolded. Yet, she trusted me completely. Even though she knew my true nature. 

I mused, as I breathlessly, watched her. Amazes by her level of confidence in me. Me, a tormented soul.

A few seconds later, we were in bed.

I had carried her all the way upstairs. Her exhaustion had been deep, when I had finally set her free. Barely able to stand on her own legs.

We had even soaked in the enormous tub, before we climbed into bed. No sex accompanied the bath. Just me, innocently washing our bodies, so that she could have a peaceful sleep.

Lying in bed, her body nestled inside me, I watched her. She evenly breathed as she slept. Her soft breath fanning my bare chest.

My mind travelled back to when she had confessed her love for me. And I wondered what had rung in her head that night. Because an alien voice suddenly rang in mine. A voice I was struggling to banish. It was sinking it's vicious teeth into me. Pulling me into a worm hole that I was afraid to fall into. Because I was aware of one thing.

If I fell, I was never coming back up. I would sink forever. Drown in Kenya.

There was no world after her for me. No world before her. There was just Kenya. There was always just Kenya.

She was that little dancer I had envisioned twenty years ago at the museum. The little dancer I had wished upon.

Twenty years ago at the museum, I had dreamed her. And today she was here, in my arms. My little mistress. My little wife. The woman I think that was bold enough to accommodate all that I was. All that I had ever been.

I had waited a life time for this woman. My entire existence had been an emptiness. An incomplete life, void of a pulsating rhythm. Now that I had found her, why the hesitance on my part? It was time for me to allow her lead. It was time for me to discard my fears and follow her rhythm.

I was defeated.
###chapter 85: Bang! …
  
***Levi.***

***July 7th, 19 years earlier***

"Levi. You have proven yourself a formidable member of the group."

I steadied my eyes on Rowan in his office.

Pride should have soared in me at his compliment and confidence, rather there was hate. A mean, despicable man, who exploited desperate kids for his dirty work. Raising an army of misfits. I hated him.

Sadly, I was now one.

Feigning a smile, I nodded.

Since January, I had worked tirelessly, furtively. Proving myself to Rowan. Showing I belonged with them, because I had no alternative.

I had successfully finished my first assignment, under seven months. *The initiation mission*, they called it. A task I was told, other kids weren't able to complete that soon.

Bringing in valuable loots had been the task. And with my background, I had been able to successfully lead a team of the gang to ransack wealthy families. Surrendering the spoils to Rowan's feet.

Tonight I was to be given my second task. Like a graduation ceremony. I snorted inwardly. I could take them all.

"If you succeed in this, you would become a fledged member of the family. You'd choose your name. The tattoo you want. Additionally, you'd get a gift from me. Anything you want." Rowan revealed.

I cocked my head, weighing his words.

A warning alarm suddenly rang in my head.

*What was the task?*

I nodded my head, when I saw his raised brow.

Soon he took me downstairs, where he had called an assembly of the other members. About 50 youths of varying ages surrounded Rowan. For weeks I had been futilely trying to discern his heritage and age from his appearance. He looked around his thirties and none of the others knew a thing about him.

"Tonight, Levi here would do his second task!" Rowan swept a hard gaze around. His voice commanding as he spoke. I stood beside him, my insides quaking. Ignoring that warning bell still ringing in my head.

"He has been able to do his initiation task, efficiently and now, we proceed to the next task. Freddy Scissors!" Rowan focused his gaze on Freddy. "Step forward."

Freddy raised a puzzled look at Rowan, before he guardedly stepped forward. Standing at Rowan's other side, he cut me a look.

"In this family, I do not promote betrayal and division. I have taken you all as my children. And that is what I expect from every one of you." Rowan shifted a steady look to Freddy, whose face suddenly paled. I silently watched, wondering what this had to do with me.

"By my side is Freddy, who recently came to me, asking I got rid of Levi."

Gasps went round the room, while I looked at Rowan in shock.

"In his own words, 'Ask me to and I will get rid of him forever from the gang. He feels too special to be among us.' Weren't those your exact words, Freddy?" Rowan fully turned to Freddy.

I stared in horror. The enormity of Freddy's words sinking in. *He wanted me dead*.

From my position, I saw Freddy's ashen face, etched with alarm. I was too bewildered to even speak.

*What had I done to the guy to make him want me dead?*

Apart from the day we had had that altercation, I had taken care not to ever cross paths with him again. *Had that made me arrogant?*

I listened to him trying to defend himself, anger suddenly simmering in me.

"RowanI came to you in good faith. This guy isn't good for us." Freddy claimed.

I stood there watching Freddy ramble on, like he was bargaining some groceries, while Rowan silently listened.

"Levi." Rowan called coldly. I hesitated, already quaking inside.

"Yeah." I drew closer.

From inside his back pocket, Rowan pulled out a black glock. Extending the magazine to me, drawing my horrified gaze. I hesitated, my eyes staring down at the gun briefly, before raising them back to him.

"Take this gun and shoot Freddy." It was a cold blooded order. One devoid of human compassion.

"Rowan, what the fuck?" Black Pea came forward, standing in front of Rowan. "What are you doing? There's no need for that." Black Pea protested. He shifted an alarmed gaze from me to Rowan.

"What have I said about back stabbing in the gang?" Rowan directed at Black Pea. The question seemed to have taken him by surprise, as he silently locked gazes with Rowan. The intensity that stemmed between them, threw the entire room into a deafening silence.

It looked like forever, but Black pea, defeated, finally shifted a wary gaze to me.

"A life for a life. We're all expendable to him. Tonight it's Freddy's life for yours. Someday, he'd ask for your head. Enjoy it while you still gat it."

The words were bitter, ominous. Sending chills down my spine.

Taking one last look at Freddy, Black Pea returned to his spot amongst the others. Watching from expressionless eyes.

"Take the gun, Levi." Rowan pressed. My fingers shook, my eyes shifting to Freddy again. "Or I'd shoot him." Rowan instantly pointed the gun in the direction of Blake Dickson, AKA Mini Dick. The smallest boy in our midst, who had accompanied me in my initiation tasks.

Blake's tiny face paled, frightened. I was frightened too. The others silently watched. Scared.

I shot Rowan a panicked look and he cocked the gun.

"NoNo. I'd do it." I hastily took the gun from him and came to stand before Freddy. My hands shook, as I held the gun to his face. Emotions coursed through me all at once.

Panic for little Blake's life. Fear. Finally anger at Freddy's intent to kill me won. The fact that I would have been the one at the other end of the gun, fueled my rage. Pain. Without further hesitation, I looked Freddy in the eyes, my face blank. And I fired his heart, like he would have fired mine.

Bang!

*Branded for life.*
###chapter 86: You Are His Priority…
  
***Kenya.***

***Present day, five days later***

It was Thursday afternoon, August the 8th and I was checking out the designers as they applied the décor to the school's walls. Before the end of the week, the furnishings were to be put in place.

Things were looking good with the appearance. I was looking forward to pink, white and blue colors. Currently a wall paper of white, cobalt blue and gold filigrees, was applied on the wall of one of the dance halls.

"Try making it smooth. We wouldn't want the walls bumpy." I suggested, my eyes admiring the work. I was in casual blue denim slacks and white shirt sleeves. My hair was braided and I had some paint on my slacks.

My phone rang in my pocket and I absently picked it.

"Hello."

"Hi. Is this Mrs Ruthford?" I heard a man say.

"Yes. Who is this?" I asked, walking to check Andrea in one of the free halls, as she approved the dresses for the students.

A designer had the dresses accurately made for the students, who had all tested the dresses for any mistakes, three days earlier. Pink tulles for girls and blue slacks for boys.

"This is Nero; Director of Photography with Ritzy Leigh Fashion and Lifestyle Magazine. We would like to proposition you to be the face of our winter edition for the magazine." The man revealed. I held my breath in shock as I listened.

"If you agree, you'd be paid handsomely and also receive a contract to be an ambassador for the magazine for the next 5 years. Featuring in every winter edition of the magazines. Your style and tips about life, will be seen by most women and men of the world." The man concluded.

I tried to talk but I was too surprised.

"Hello?"

"Yes, I am a bit shocked." I finally summoned a reply.

My mind trying to assimilate all he had said.

"ErrCan I think about it. Perhaps a couple of days. I'd like to check in with my legal team," I said, excitement surging through me.

"Alright, Mrs Ruthford. Please, we will be expecting your response." The man concluded, ending the call on a warm note.

"Who was that?" Andrea asked, raising her eyes from the clothes that she and two other helpers had been sorting through.

I stared at Andrea, still bewildered. I had heard of Ritzy Leigh Magazine. A renowned magazine with tentacles spread all over the world.

"I was just asked to be the face of Ritzy Leigh." I informed Andrea. I waited for her expected reaction. She and the other two ladies stilled. Instinctively, Andrea jumped with glee, hastily closing the distance between us.

Hugging me, she said.

"This is so wonderful! Congrats babes. I'm so happy for you." Her enthusiasm was contagious and I found myself smiling. The other women spared me furtive glances, their eyes holding admiration.

Stealing Andrea away for a moment, we walked into what is to be her office. It was already taking shape. A couple of chairs and a desk were packed at a corner, soon to be assembled.

"I don't know Andy. What am I going to do? I've never been a face of anything." My eyes fell to Andrea's hand which held a beautiful, tiny ruby ring on her engagement finger.

She finally agreed to Mike's marriage proposal, while we were in Miami. They were planning their wedding after the reopening of the school. I never wanted all this attention.

I had already turned down a few endorsements, which I had seen too demanding. And I was currently displayed on Times Square, as the face of a perfume. I only wanted a quiet life, where I'd have my little career and a family.

Now I had wealth that seemed to be a distraction.

"I just want to be with Levi. I'm not asking for much," I ruefully said. We were going to watch a movie later this evening. I bought us tickets, because I wished us to spend a normal outing together, without all the attention that accompanied his social status.

"How does that affect your acceptance of this offer?" Andrea asked, incredulously.

"I don't know. I would be too busy with the endorsements to see him. I haven't even had any chance to visit Alan's studio in Hollywood, because I am giving more time to our marriage these days." I revealed.

Alan had been calling me to come down, so that we finalize the contract for my role in the movie. But I was reluctant. My entire world suddenly lived and breathed Levi.

"Babes, Levi is a focused man. I have seen it in his drive. Look how he got Sara to take over the entire project with the reopening of the school. He wouldn't want his wife to be less. I admire him for that. All over the media, he has announced your reopening in a few weeks. He is proud of you. Don't let him down." Andrea encouraged.

I stared at her, inwardly wondering when Levi and I had gone from enemies to devoted spouses.

"You think he's proud of me?" I pressed, holding Andrea's gaze. She smiled as she nodded her head. Then in order to relieve the emotion that weighed in my heart, Andrea held me in a comforting hug.

"Don't undermine your husband, Kenya. You are his priority." Andrea added, her warmth travelling through me and conveying a message, which my heart was being too blind to see.

Because I had been waiting for Levi's actions and words to reveal the depth of his feelings for me, I had invested all my energy anticipating his words.

However, in the absence of either of those, I found myself comfortable with a third opinion, especially one from my friend.

"Have I come in at a bad time. I can just go back to work." Rory's voice broke into our moment, pulling us apart. We chuckled nervously, our eyes falling on Rory.
###chapter 87: He Sees Only You…
  
***Kenya***.

"Well, if it isn't the latest P.A. How is work treating you, working for New York's most handsome CEO?" Andrea teased, coming to swat Rory playfully in the arm.
He feigned hurt, chuckling.

"Hey Ken." Rory smiled, coming to kiss me on the check. I admired his new look. He cleaned up nice, in a navy blue, three-piece suit and a silver tie.

"Wow, you look handsome Rory. Am sure the ladies in Levi's office will be drooling." I playfully quipped. Rory smiled bashfully, pulling one of the seats.

"No Ken. My boss has me so distracted I barely have time for a break. He sent me here to give you this." He pulled out a sealed envelope from his jacket, handing it to me. "That's the reason I am out here in the first place."

I took the cream colored envelope, with Levi's fleur-de-lis crest on it.

"Come on Rory, let's allow her privacy with her darling husband's mail." Andrea's tease broke my concentration as I tore open the envelope. Rory laughed, as he followed Andrea.

"Is Mike around?"

I heard Rory ask, as they left me alone in Andrea's office.

I unfolded the letter. Inhaling his scent.

"***Baby,***

***Sorry that I had to send this. Something came up and I have to fly out on a business trip. I'd be gone for a few hours. Would return as soon as I can. Rory would accompany you this evening to the movies.***

***See you when I return. Take care of yourself.***

***Levi."***

I stared hopelessly at the letter. Disappointed. It was like he was deliberately frustrating my efforts to get closer to him since that night he aggressively took me. That night I danced for him. *Was I wasting my time? Was he never going to love me?*

True, there had been a dark side to him, when he took me that night. An unrecognizable side that had frightened me. All his tenderness had evaporated. Replaced by a menacing Levi.

Instead of detesting and escaping him, my entire body had accepted him completely. My defenselessness against him was becoming a mild preoccupation.

My desire replaced by love.

*I was in love with my husband.*

***

"Wow. That movie was great. I always wanted to watch it on cinema, but since I started my new job, haven't had the time. Ken, you okay?" Rory nudged my elbow, jolting me. I stared blankly.

"Where's your mind. Don't tell me I wasn't good company. Your husband would flay me, if you complain," Rory teased.

I laughed.

We emerged the theater, entering the cool night air. I wanted to take a stroll around, but I was aware that Ryan would obstinately oppose. His new task was to ensure my safety at all cost.

Shifting a gaze to Rory, I said.

"Can we just go eat somewhere tonight."

It was 7pm, the streets alive. Luring me. Except for that note I had from Levi, there had been no other communication with him in six hours. His phone lines were out; even Blake's. I was worried.

Rory regarded me oddly, before he nodded.

We got in the car and the driver took us to a Mexican restaurant. I loved eating here with my friends, before I married. I was happy that Rory thought of it. We had both changed into casuals for the evening, so we didn't look bad.

We were enthusiastically greeted by Javier, the owner. In no time, he got us a free table, our dishes on the way. I felt like having something spicy. So I chose the spicy and crispy chicken tamales, laced with jalapenos.

"Oh Kenya. I can't help but congratulate you on your recent nuptials." Javier beamed, as the waiter arrived with our orders. I smiled, feeling awful about my initial reaction to the wedding thing. Now I wished things could have been different.

"It's fine, Javier." I picked up a tamale.

"I had thought you and Rory would eventually become an item. Who would have suspected you had that handsome politician in your grasp?"Javier teased, his words stunning me.

I was confused. Shifting an embarrassed gaze to Rory, who held mine, before he nervously averted his. I grew puzzled. Rory and I had only been friends, nothing more. But the look in Rory's eyes silenced me from correcting Javier.

After Javier left, I looked up at Rory, who ate his tacos in silence.

"I wonder why Javier thought that. We're just friends." I wanted to ease the tensed atmosphere.

Rory's gaze was soft. "It's funny how clueless you can get, Ken." He smiled. I frowned, confused.

"What do you mean?" I asked. I didn't understand his expression, but I saw his hesitation.

"I have been in love with you since you first joined Byron's dance company. How couldn't you see it?" Rory ruefully declared.

I stared, speechless. My mind struggling to assimilate his words, which felt alien.

"No, it's not possible. How could that be? You only saw me as a friend." I argued, my fists clenched tight beneath the table.

I couldn't believe his words, because the only look I had ever seen from him had been casual. Loyalty.

"Were you thinking I hung out with you all, because I enjoyed being in the midst of a beautiful girl like you, no feelings attached?"

He dangled those words. I shook my head, trying to make rational of his words.

"But if you did, I would have known. I would have guessed it." I tried to protest. But Rory shook his head in amusement.

"You were too caught up with self-condemnation that you couldn't even see true love if it hit you like lightening. Just like you can't see Levi's feelings for you." Rory accused.

"What do you mean?" I asked, angry. Bewildered. Rory guardedly watched me. Inhaling a steady breath, he spoke.

"I eavesdropped on you and Andy's conversation earlier."

I stared, astonished.

"Levi doesn't just see you as his priority. He sees only you."
###chapter 88: The Underworld…
  
***Levi***.

The air smelled dank inside the underground tunnel as we stationed ourselves, waiting for Liam's signal.

We laid ambush in an underground tunnel in Tampa, Florida. And the smell of rot did nothing to ease the tension that seeped through us.

Surrounded by the darkness, we only had our night vision goggles to aid us and some light from a car's headlamp in front of the tunnel. Discretion mattered at such moments.

My men and I each had a communicator in our ears, linked to Liam and his men. Cyril had chosen Florida as his station for the deal, once he knew that he was to do business with a renowned Florida club owner.

"How many girls did you bring? I want them young and feisty," Liam was already in character. His tone smooth, unsuspicious.

"Oh since we're doing business for the first time, I brought 400 for a great deal, instead of the usual 300. The additional 100 are just a small gift from me." Cyril's voice came over the communicator.

I wanted to lunge for him then and there. But we had a plan. Our men had Cyril surrounded, but the fool had no idea. My ears were perked, my senses alert as I listened.

"Where are they?" I heard Liam ask.

"Loaded in those two trailers outside. I got them available the moment I looked your profile over. Your establishment poses well for me. I can be providing such whores for you."

"Alright. Let my men get them." Liam spoke again, ending his words with a cough. That was the signal.

I shared a look with Blake, crouched at my side. Our black garb, hiding our faces.

"Now." I muttered quietly over the communicator.

Instantly, all our men filed out, pulling their magazines in the faces of Cyril and his men. Cyril's men equally pulled their guns. A smug look climbed my face as I rose to my feet, sauntering over to meet them. Frantically, Cyril looked around, horrified. I took out my goggles, reaching him. The look on his face when we locked gazes was epic. Fury coursing through me as I took in his vile form.

He had changed a lot since we last saw each other years ago. A little bulky in the midsection. The hairs on his head thinned.

"Who are you?" He asked, shakily. I smiled darkly, looming over him.

"Don't you recognize me, Rhino?" I inched closer. Coming into the light. Cyril paled. Even in the darkness, I knew he recognized my face.

"L-Levi?" Cyril stuttered. I nodded. He looked around and glared defiantly at Liam.
"What's the meaning of this?"

"Isn't it obvious? The girls you've been bringing into the States. A crime against humanity." Liam intoned.

"What?" Cyril stared, flabbergasted.

"You brought in containers of girls weeks ago, which we intercepted. We needed something to pull you in."

"That was you?" Cyril asked. His astonishment replaced with annoyance.

"I lost millions of dollars because of you and *he* got fucking furious!" Cyril's, voice showed his ire.

"And by this *he* you mean BB?" I raised a questioning brow.

Cyril glowered in my direction. His lips pulled in a tight line.

"You can't hold nothing on me. My slates are clean." Cyril's anxious voice came. I inhaled a steady breath, pulling out some photos. Tossing them into the light for him to see. He flashed me a look, before he lowered his eyes to the photos.

"Those are girls you've killed over the years, Cyril. Girls who went missing without any clue. One phone tap and an investigation would be instigated against you. And all the ghosts of those girls will come haunting you." I sneered, a dark grin playing on my lips.

Cyril stayed his eyes on the photos and I knew he silently contemplated his options.

"There's no evidence." Cyril snarled, raising his head slowly. He looked at me, daring me in.

"I don't need no fucking evidence to nail your coffin, prick face. I just need one girl dead on your conscience and an investigation would start." I coolly declared.

My fists were jammed at my sides, to prevent me from punching the man's face in for those words. Words that everyone had echoed on his behalf years ago, because they had all benefited from him. Bad cops, bad government officials, kingpins, who had all had sadistic desires.

A menacing laughter suddenly erupted from him, reverberating inside the entire tunnel. Shocking us all. I watched him as he steadied himself thereafter. A tear pooling around his eyes as he gained his composure again.

"This is bout that whore years ago, isn't it? You still angry about her death." Cyril laughed. I maintained my composure, reining in my temper.

He turned his back to me.

"The familiar game of the underworld. *Death*. Tina deserved to die. None of those girls had a life. I gave them lives and she came to me, telling me that she had a protector." He turned slowly to me, a dark grin hanging there. "I guess that was you right? The protector, who never came. Or who never got a chance to do his job."

Cold dread climbed my body as I recalled that night.

I had showed up at the address she texted me. When I arrived there, there had been no one in sight. Just me.

"You never came, because you got the wrong address." Cyril revealed, sinisterly. I stilled, my heart instantly racing as I dreaded the next words.

"I was told by my spy that you had a plan to meet and I seized her. Locking her up. Got hold of her phone and saw your little messages. Saw your promises to save her. So I sent the wrong location."

Another man would have staggered. Would have shook with the ferocity of a wounded animal. But I stayed calm. My jaws twitching. Pain tearing me inside, I darkly declared.

"You have one chance to remedy this, Cyril."
###chapter 89:   I Miss You…
  
***Levi.***

I guess even my voice sounded alien to me, but I didn't care. I lost all sense of rationality, the moment Cyril confessed.

Tina had died an awful death. She didn't deserve to die the way she had and all because of this bastard.

"And what's that?" Cyril sneered.

"Give up the real name of your employer and your entire clientele. Turn yourself in." I had a blank look. I was calm.

"Or what?" Cyril inched closer, snarling.

"Or face death, the same way you had killed those girls." I warned.

He stared at me, gauging me. His armor cracked, but he masked it with something.

"You don't scare me, Levi, the way you scared the others. I'd be caught dead, before I turn myself in."

Unsuspectingly, Cyril deftly lowered himself.

And before any of us could catch up to his game, he pulled out a gun from inside his ankle and shot.

A man beside Liam fell to the ground as the rest of us took cover. The entire place drowned in the sounds of retaliated gunshots.

In no time, there were some of Cyril's men dead. Some injured. But we all continued to shoot. All our men slipped on night goggles, leaving Cyril's men in the dark.

I darted my eyes in search of Cyril and found him crouched beside one of his men, edging towards the far end of the tunnel.

"Liam, Blake, cover me. Am going for Cyril." I uttered over the communicator. The sounds of guns deafening. It was a blood bath, but no one cared. Everyone was fighting for survival.

"Sure." Liam's response came.

Crouching low, I dodged the bullets, drawing closer to Cyril. He fired a few shots, his eyes anxious as he darted them about. I pegged the two men on either side of him and shot. They fell dead, while Cyril bolted for cover.

I ran after him, catching up to him as he reached the deep end. He fired a few random shots and I crouched behind a wall. Cyril could barely see a thing as he blindly ran. But I could and watched him silently from my vantage point.

He ran pulling out his phone as a torch. I stealthily followed, catching up to him as he hid behind a broken wall. He fired another shot and I knew his bullets were out.

"It's over, Cyril! Turn yourself in and you wouldn't have to suffer!" I called, breathless. There was silence. Only the echoes of guns from the others reached us.

"I would never succumb to you, the way the others had! The way Rowan had!" He called, loudly. Panting from all the exertion.

"Did it hurt that bad; seeing Tina dead. Her body mangled to the point of no recognition?!" Cyril jeered. Provoking me. I stilled my breath, trying to ease the tightness that suddenly took over.

"She called for you, you know; when we fucked her! She kept calling for you. Asking you to save her. Ten of us. But we didn't stop. We just continued. Each having turns. Until she grew still beneath us!" Cyril laughed darkly. The confession inciting an ache in me. My insides, grappling with fury as I pictured his vivid description.

The coroner had suspected possible rape. But her body had been too destroyed for evidence. It had been a gruesome murder and this man had been responsible for it.

For years, I had battled the guilt of been unable to keep my promise to her. I had searched futilely for evidence on her killer. Now I had him.

"You must have been a good fuck for her. Calling you. Too bad though you couldn't save her!"

*Yeah. Too bad I couldn't save her that night. But tonight, I would put her to rest.*

Standing up, I fired a shot, pulling a shriek from Cyril. He gathered himself and ran in the direction of a dim light hanging deep in the tunnel. I followed him, my steps quick and precise.

I fired another shot and this time it hit his left thigh. Cyril cried out, falling face down to the dirt covered floor. He crawled on the floor, shifting for cover. Clutching his thigh. Blood seeped from the wound as he tried to stem the bleeding.

He had no weapon, his hands trembling.

"Fucking bastard. You shotmy leg!" Cyril growled. I eyed him, then fired another shot. His other thigh.

"Jesus, man!" He cried. Groaning and writhing on the floor. His blood seeping.

"Am going to bleed to death, manPleaPleasefetch me a doctor man. I can't fucking die like this" He pleaded, weak from all the blood loss.

He raised bloodshot eyes to me. His energy slipping away as he struggled to keep his eyes open.

"PleasePleasehelp me" He pleaded. I stared at him. Coldly assessed him. The emptiness that he was. This worthless being, who had killed countless women. He had gone on to live his life and those girls had wasted.

"What was it you said, '*death is the familiar game of the underworld*?' I guess you wouldn't mind the same happened to you, right?"

He couldn't be more ashen than he already was. I raised my gun to his face and fired. The bullet broke through his head.

I heard footsteps and turned around to see Blake and Liam coming up beside me.

"Levi, you alright?" I heard Liam say, breathlessly. I nodded. Blood filling back into my lungs as I managed to breathe again. It seemed the world was colored again. Engulfed in flowers and rainbows. I inhaled a steady breath, inhaling Kenya in the process.

"Kenya." I breathed. My world had meaning with her near. I could see color.

I pulled out my phone, switching it on. Voicemails from Kenya. I didn't even bother to check them. I only did one thing. My heart pounded in my chest as I texted three words. As I allowed the release I craved.

***Me: I miss you.***
***11pm.***
###chapter 90: I Yield…
  
***Kenya***.

I woke up, my throat parched as I walked downstairs to grab a drink of water.

It was 3 am, Friday morning from the monitor, and I dreaded the amount of work I had to do later in the day. There were still dance teachers to interview and the arrangements to finish up before the reopening in three weeks; 31st August.

I sighed, pulling out a bottle of cold water from the fridge and drinking it.

Smiling, I recalled the text I received from Levi. Three words that spoke more than I could ever imagine.

***'I Miss You.'***

At the time I received the text, I had been focused on my laptop's screen, working on some files that Dave sent me. I had stared at the text speechlessly for minutes. Recalling Rory's revelation earlier about Levi's feelings for me. And I had felt elation as I replied.

***'I miss you more.'***

Since I sent that reply, no response came. But I was satisfied, knowing I occupied his thoughts, just as he did mine.

Rory had felt sorry for revealing the depth of his own feelings. And he had even indicated his intention to resign from the job, if it was too awkward seeing him as Levi's employee. But I had protested. Reminding him of our friendship. He had given me a surprised look. Contemplating my words. And had finally accepted.

I walked in the direction of the stairs, the pent house quiet, except for the beeping appliances. A pair of familiar strong warm hands enveloped my waist, startling me and pulling me closer.

His scent filled me. His warmth passed through me.

"Levi" I breathed. He groaned. I leaned in closer, thinking If this was a dream, I didn't wish to miss a moment. Only that it didn't feel like it. I felt the familiar sweet ache inside my legs as he nipped my neck. I felt his erection behind me.

"Your moan tells me how much you missed me." Levi exhaled into my ears. His breath warm. I wasn't dreaming. I turned to him, smiling. Relieved that he was finally home. Under the soft light, I saw his wet, bare chest. His hair was wet and he was in sweat slacks.

Excitement thrilled me at the mare sight of him half dressed. I tried to form coherent words, but they died in my tongue. He leaned in, kissing me.

"How are you?" He smelled so nice, like a fresh shower.

"When did you come in? I didn't hear you?" I asked, trying to steady my mushy nerves.

"A few minutes ago. I had some pending work that I hastily attended to in my office before I rushed in for a shower. Didn't want to bring in the day's filth into our bed." He growled, kissing me again. I liked that he had a fresh shower. I liked that he thought of me before showering. I kissed him, raising myself on tip toes, for more contact.

Enveloping me in his arms, Levi picked me, deepening the kiss.

Soon we were all kisses and touches. Our bodies not having enough. The persistence of our kisses, triggering sensations in me that I wished to explore. I wrapped my legs around him, pressing my sex into. He growled, carrying me upstairs.

I let Levi lead. He lay me on the bed, our bodies all tangled in a web of limbs. Tentative kisses caressed my body, my heart beating fast. I was wearing a beige lingerie, by breasts all aching for him. He didn't disappoint. Knowing what my body craved, he climbed into bed, burying himself in my breasts.

I moaned, our sounds of pleasure, filling the quiet that surrounded me earlier. Levi didn't hurry his pace this time. He worshipped me. I was his muse that he wished to carve out in the strokes of pleasure.

His hands tugged my lacy lingerie, and I complied, helping him take it off. Slipping my hands into his waistband, I pressed his buttocks, until his arousal prodded me painfully.

"I want you." I whispered, impatiently. His gaze was tender. His expression filled with adoration, affection.

"You have me," he whispered back and wasted no time taking down his slacks.

Soon we lay in bed naked and he slowed, caressing me, watching me. He didn't invade me, he only watched me. His body in-between my legs.

"Tonight I want to watch you, while I make love to you."

Twelve words. Twelve words that just sliced through me. Carving a place in my heart. My breath hitched because I didn't want to ruin the moment by making any sudden movement.

He stared at me, as if he awaited my validation or something.

"What are you saying?" I asked, quietly. My eyes pooled in tears.

That familiar boyish smile again.

Kissing my tears away, he said.

"I am saying that I yield Kenya. To the rhythm of your heart, the pace at which you have decided to set this relationship. I am saying that I am your pliant slave. I wouldn't fight this anymore. Just" He hesitated, his eyes shut tight for a second. *Had he been resisting this all along? Subjected himself to blame. Even condemned souls deserved a chance.*

When he opened his eyes again, a shadow appeared and he struggled to banish it.

"Just let me go at my own pace." His plea broke me.

It was the plea of a troubled soul, locked in the captivity of his own horrors. And I yearned to reach him. Assuage his pain, his suffering. But I could only do that if he was willing. And this was willingness enough for me.

I dispelled the selfish disappointment that crawled in. Nodding, I kissed him. And he breathed into me, pressing himself deeper.

Filling my entrance with his erection, Levi penetrated me with his hard cock. Our bodies, our souls, syncing to Levi's slow, gentle thrusts. He watched me all through.

My body disintegrating under his heated gaze.
###chapter 91:  Happy belated birthday…
  
***Levi.***

***Monday, Four days later***

I finished with the assessment of the construction site. Giving the leader of the team my preferences for the project. It was a large scale project. We demolished an old, obsolete building a few months ago and now we were converting it into a parking lot.

My phone rang in my pocket, a call from the mayor. When I answered it, he thanked me for the works I was doing for the homeless folks. Building houses for them at no charges, ensuring they had meals sent to them every day.

"It's not an issue, Philip. I am happy to help. It's our duty as humans." I reminded myself more than him.

He acknowledged my words and even promised to attend Kenya's dance school reopening.

When I finished the call, the air suddenly felt stifling. Memories of how helpless mum and I had been in those days, suddenly stirred within me. I loosened my tie and just went to sit on a bench, watching the city.

Every person had a chance to contribute positively to the world. A collection of acts of kindness here and there, could help erase the brokenness that existed in the lives of every one out of ten people in the world today.

It took me Kenya to return back the feelings of joy and ecstasy that used to be my identity. A me that was lost when dad destroyed us. And an act of passion from a woman, who I had hurt, comforted me.

In the same way, these homeless people weren't asking for love. They wished for a chance to heal, to find comfort in living again, just like I did. A chance to see the rainbows and colors in the world.

Picking up my phone, I texted Kenya.

***Me: Hi Baby. At work thinking of you. Let's have lunch 🍔. Pick you up in a few.***

I slipped the phone in my pocket, the air already feeling better knowing that I'd be seeing her soon.

My phone buzzed.

***Kenya: Okay, will be waiting. Just finished setting up all the offices. They look great, I think😥.***

Smiling at her humor, I inhaled a shaky breath. My insides calming.

She was my oasis in the middle of the Sahara.

***
A few minutes past noon, and my car parked in front of J'aime. I was already down to my white shirt, navy blue slacks. My jacket and tie, gone earlier.

I walked in through the doors of the school, halting. A complete transformation. Looking like it was out of a home décor magazine. I took the moment to admire the beauty of the place and I had to confess Kenya got style.

Walking in, I heard her voice in one of the halls, slowing to admire her. Beautiful, intelligent. She was everything I ever wanted. In denim shirt and slacks. Her black sneakers clicking on the shining floor, as she moved around with a painter.

"Hi Mr Ruthford." I heard behind me. Turning to see Andrea, holding a pink tablet, smiling tentatively.

"Hi Andrea." I smiled. "And please call me Levi." I urged, seeing the unease in her expression as she watched me.

She hesitated a little. Since that day we encountered each other at the hospital, we hadn't had a chance to be alone. And since I'd be seeing more of her now in Kenya's life, I might as well become better acquainted.

I saw her nod and I guess a silent understanding passed between us.

"How do you like the decor?" She asked, smiling. I looked around, appreciatively.

"It's magnificent. I have people already asking me more about intakes." I smiled, watching her blush.

"You should smile more. It suits you." She complimented, shyly; walking away. I chuckled at her remark, knowing that I had one woman to thank for restoring my lost smile.

"Hey you." I heard Kenya say, as she finally saw me. She approached, a wide smile gracing her beautiful face. I let my eyes fall on her wide hips as they swayed. My heart jumped. Kenya was my joy.

We kissed when she reached me and she stayed in my arms longer, seeking my warmth.

"Hungry?" I asked as I kissed the top of her head. She nodded, tilting her head backward to look at me*.*

*I could stay in this position forever, just having her adoring eyes on me.*

She grabbed her purse and we set off.

While I drove, I took her hand nearest to me in my free hand. Kissing inside her palm, she giggled. I liked the sound. *Did I say that before?*

As we drove past, my eyes caught sight of a sleek white coupe SUV on display at a car dealership. I slowed down, making a turn. Parking in front of the dealership.

"What are we doing here?" Kenya asked me, her brows raised.

"Come with me, let's go shopping Baby," I said playfully.

"Shopping?" She asked, bewildered*. "For cars*?"

"Mmmhm." I nodded. I climbed down the car, coming to pull her out.

"But we're already in a car?" She continued, eyeing the place. I ignored her, tugging her along. We entered the place and were greeted by enthusiastic salesmen.

I ignored them, heading straight for the white coupe SUV. It was marvelous. The sleek, sloping roof. The smoothness. It reminded me of my Porsche as an adolescent.

"Your birthday is February the 8th right?" I asked, eyeing the car.

She answered, her eyes equally glued to the car. I could already see her fascination and I imagined her in it. Driving our cute baby inside. Something painful tugged in my chest. Pure anticipation.

"Happy belated birthday." I turned to her, a smile tugging my lips. She looked at me, like I had grown hundred heads. Perhaps I had, for her.

"My birthday was months ago." She muttered. I closed the space between us, tilting her head back. Staring into her eyes.

"I wasn't your husband then."

*Kiss*
###chapter 92: Dear Future Husband…
  
***Kenya.***

***Seven Years Earlier***

***14******th*** ***March***
***Dear Diary,***

***As a little girl, I used to dream of my wedding.***
***I used to say I would get married to a handsome ballet dancer. Have lots of dancing children. I grew up and became a teenager, my dreams changed.***

***I started fantasizing about marrying a surgeon. I wanted to admire my husband as he constantly saved lives. While I danced to give others happiness. Much like we will be saving lives together.***

***Now as a 16-year-old in 11******th*** ***grade, I don't think I have such thoughts anymore. To me marriage is just a dream for beautiful girls. Perfect girls with perfect shapes. Their limbs all in perfect symmetry. No hiccups.***

***Yet I can't seem to put away the desire of someday meeting my knight in shining armor. My Lancelot or King Arthur. Am not picky. I just wish that some guy someday, would look at me and truly see me and not this dastard limp.***

I looked up from my pink colored Rhine stoned diary, staring at the other students clustered around.

Barely anyone noticed me during lunch hour. But I never bothered. I only saw me and my goal to be a perfect dancer someday.

I turned my eyes to my left and caught sight of Alec at the far corner, assessing me again with his intense blue eyes. I flushed, looking away.

He was the most handsome boy on the school's tennis team and I usually stopped myself from drooling over him. The same way I was sure every other girl drooled.

I had no friends. I was invincible to all of them. The limping weirdo. But I didn't care. Mum said I only needed to focus on me and no one else.

I was the elephant in the room, she would say. However sometimes, this elephant was invincible, even to herself.

After school, I took a bus to the library for some homework. The only thing mum and Amanda expected from me was to pass my grades and enter the best college. Get a great job thereafter.

But I wanted to get into the Manhattan School of the Arts so bad. If I did, I would be great.

I had a boring, unenviable life. I only had mum and my sister. I used to beg for friendships. But once I got into middle school, I stopped and
held my dignity.

It was 5:30 Pm before I reached home. Mum was working. She worked as a hospital assistant for a big hospital.

"Hey sparkles." Amanda called, her hair all covered in her bonnet. Fresh from the shower.

"Hey. Where you off to?" I eyed her.

I hung my bag, sat on my bed, watching her. She smiled.

"Work." She sat on our vanity, applying those scented lotions she loved to apply. They made her body all smooth, shining. No blemish on her skin. I envied that.

Her graceful poise. She walked down the streets and every man turned his eyes to her. I loved my sister. Kind, ambitious and loyal. Working endlessly after high school to help me and mum. I couldn't just continue to follow in her wake. I needed to create a life for myself. One that was uniquely me.

"I want to enroll in the Manhattan school of the Arts, Amanda." I was quiet.

Amanda stilled for a second, before she continued applying her lotion. She took off her bonnet, combed out her luxurious kinky curls. She loved holding them in a pair of boxer braids for work night.

"Do you know how expensive that school is?" Amanda asked, calmly. I nodded, even though she couldn't see me from where she sat. "It's a school for rich kids, Ken. And we aren't rich." She turned to me now.

I stared, tears pooling around my eyes at that reminder.

"But that doesn't mean I can't get inI'll work hard and get a scholarship... My grades are great." I wept. My sniffs coming hard as I tried to rein myself in.

She didn't say anything. Just stared. Tears stained her eyes as well.

"I need to be me, Amanda. I can't be you. I don't have boyfriends. I don't have friends... No one wants to be close to me Amanda... When they look at me, they just see this... freak. Do you know how I had to pay a boy to kiss me? Just so I could know what it felt like to be kissed." I sobbed.

Amanda glided to me, holding me in her arms. I broke into sobs. My heart cracking from inside. The pain I felt, the resentment I harbored just seeing myself in the mirror. 

"If they don't see you then that's their loss, Ken." Amanda tilted my head back, looking in my eyes. I sniffed, her smile trying to reach somewhere inside me. But I resisted. She couldn't see my suffering.

"I know you sometimes think I have life easy. But I don't. Sometimes I cry, when I think how life would have been if we had a dad or something. But we have us. And that's what matters. We will survive; three of us. And someday, you and I will marry reputable men, who will love us, completely." Amanda smiled. Her tears mirrored mine.

I managed a nod. Then she added, after a smile.

"So, this school of Arts thing; if you get a scholarship, do you think we will be able to navigate around the fees for you?" She held my gaze, waiting for me. I cracked a smile and held her in an affectionate hug.

"I love you Sparkles. Never forget that." Then she rose to her feet, continuing with her dressing.

When she left, I sat down on my desk, smiling. I was going to attend the school. I couldn't even contain my happiness. Pulling out my diary, I started writing a letter.

***"Dear Future Husband,***

***I would wish for you to stay with me forever.***

***xoxo***
***Love,***
***Kenya."***
###chapter 93: Wish Granted…         
  
***Kenya.***

***Present day, a week later***

Monday. A whole seven days since Levi got me the Coupe SUV. Still unbelievable!

When the salesmen had quoted the price and he had just silently given them a check, I had protested. Screaming inside at the outrageousness of buying me a car, when he had a fleet of cars. But he had kissed away my doubt.

Tonight as we sat, celebrating Amanda's 26th birthday, in their Beverly Hills home, I smiled. Happiness distracting me. Levi's fingers laced inside mine, while he listened to Alan's friend. We were all dressed casually. A simple out door LA party.

Dinner over and we had our drinks in hand, talking. Alfred, a friend to Amanda and Alan said a joke about Amanda's love for her husband, kids and jewelry, earning our laughter.
Mum watched us with such adoration as she equally sat. I could imagine her thoughts; her girls all grown up with their own families. I guess she did alright.

She came with a friend tonight. A Mr Copa. Former owner of a toy shop, before he retired; giving his sons the business.

"Kenya, so when are we hearing baby cries?" Amanda's friend, Cassidy teased.

I laughed nervously, catching Levi's eyes. He squeezed my fingers beneath the table.

When Alan invited us a few days ago to Amanda's birthday party, I had tried to escape the event, because Amanda's friends always made me nervous. Somehow tonight, I didn't want to feel intimidated by them.

"When Kenya is ready, we will have a baby." Levi saved me, holding my gaze.

The words caressed me. A promise. I saw a gleam in his eyes and my heart sang.

"So Ken, are we all invited to the reopening of your school?" Cassidy jumped to another question. I frowned, trying to gather my thoughts that had already strewn off to Levi. My delectable distraction.

"YeahI'd have my P.A send out invitations to you. I actually had no idea you'd be interested in stuff like that." I stared at Cassidy, smiling. She chuckled.

"It's a party Ken. My weakness. Right baby?" She turned to Carl, her husband. The man just kissed her in the neck, earning more giggles.

I looked at mum and Mr Copa, their heads lowered, sharing their own world of whispers. She had waited, sacrificed years of her life for us, until now.

Her little moment of joy right now, was a bliss to me. I turned and saw Amanda equally watching her. Perhaps we weren't as different after all.

Since we walked into the party, hours ago, Amanda was tensed. She masked it, but I could still see it.

As she rose to go into the house, I followed her, careful not to attract mum's eyes.

"Amanda." I called, halting her on the stairs to their rooms. She turned, smiling nervously.

"What you doing here? Shouldn't you be at the party?" She asked, her eyes shifting in the direction I came.

"I wanted to check up on you. I noticed you were off kilter. Are you tired?" I came closer, holding her. Her hands felt cold, clammy. She pulled them away. *Was she coming down with something.*

"Am fine Ken. I just need to rest. The kids are at Alan's mum's, so I should have had tonight to rest at least." She raked a hand through her long, wavy hair extension.

"Alright." I felt disappointed. *Didn't she want to see us around her?* But I didn't press. I held my tongue.

Hugging her, I chose not to detain her longer. Maybe it was time we called it a night and returned to our hotel. I knew when I wasn't welcomed.

"Good night Amanda. I'll be leaving with Levi." I informed her. She hitched her breath. Nodding tightly. I wondered at her reaction and quietly walked away.

Not wanting to disturb her further.

When I walked outside. I greeted Alan and the others. Alan followed and we talked. I finalized the paper work for production of the movie, earlier today, when we arrived.

Now he just gave me a reminder when I was expected to come to set. In September. It wasn't a mega role. I was just to act as this ballerina that catches the eye of an assassin. Just about four scenes for me.

We got to the car and I leaned against it, watching the stars. I managed to ask mum to bring my old stuff from her place, when she was coming. She brought a cardboard box filled with my old stuff.

"Are you alright?" Levi's comforting voice came. I turned. He already had the car door open for me.

"Am just worried about my sister. She looked off." I walked to him, opening the back door and sitting down. I dragged out my diary from the box.

I needed to hold on to past memories of Amanda and I.

Growing up into a woman, Amanda changed. I think before she became a woman. I think when she had to work hours for my school.

Levi came to silently stand in front of me. I held back my tears.

I unlocked the diary with its key and began thumbing the pages. It still smelled floral. Scents I used to spray on it.

"Is that your diary?" Levi asked, calmly. I nodded. The surrounding security lights, filtered in.

"Can I see it?" He asked me. I looked into his eyes. Tears, blurring my vision.

"Just one, for now." I informed him, pushing back the tears. But they just leaked. He didn't ask about the tears, he only nodded. I was grateful he let me cry. When I opened the page marked 'My Dear Future Husband,' I handed it over. He took it. His expression morphing to tenderness.

I was embarrassed. I didn't care.

After like an endless moment of Levi staring down at that one page, his voice came. Thick, hoarse with emotion.

"Wish granted."

*Two words,* and I crashed into his welcoming arms.
###chapter 94: Reckoning…
  
***Levi.***

*August 8th, 19 years earlier*

"***Billionaire business man and owner of Mirage Bank, Timothy Reed, has been missing since two weeks. Family has requested that anyone who knows his whereabouts, calls the number; 775-9933 or sends an email to*** [***NKN@jmail.com***](mailto:NKN@jmail.com)***."***

I finished the rest of my dinner. The television continued to rumble about the five top business men that went missing weeks ago. Timothy Reed was the last one.

Putting away the cleaned dishes, I walked to the living room.

"Am heading out mum. Have some home work to do with my friends." That was a lie. I had no friends at my new school. I was a lone wolf.

"Must you, honey?" Mum asked worriedly, turning from the television. Her face pale. "Meghan's father has been missing for days and the family must be devastated. The streets aren't safe at night these days, Levi."

I shrugged. "We no longer fall in their category mum. Those are rich folks."

I grabbed my jacket from the coat hanger. My face expressionless when I turned back to her.

"Lock the door mum. I'd be back tomorrow." I crossed to the door, turning the knob.

"Levi?" Mum called. I halted, but I didn't turn back. I knew what she was going to say. She said it every night I stepped out the door.

"Must you stay over again? And that tattoo on your arm? Why?"

My heart ripped in my chest, knowing that her concern was lost on me. Inhaling a shaky breath, my chest hurting at how down the road I had gone. How things had changed, I stepped out of the house without a response to her. I heard her muffled sobs through the door, but I didn't turn back.

In a few minutes, I joined the others in the abandoned warehouse. Rowan had asked us all to meet there. It was already quarter past eight and everyone stood, waiting.

"Levi." He called me out of the crowd, his tone menacing. I was used to him now. I was used to everything here now.

I stepped forward and he smiled darkly. My eyes caught sight of Black Pea, who stood there eyeing me, disdainfully.

Since that night I shot Freddy, most of the others saw me as a force to be feared. Especially as Rowan asked me for the gift I desired. The others just stood neutral.

Tonight, my gift was to be unwrapped. My body was fired up in anticipation.

"When I asked you what you wanted in return for your loyalty, you had brought me the biggest request. You asked for retribution."

In Rowan's eyes was sick darkness. It was an extension of him. One that would forever be feared.

"Tonight, I give you reckoning!" Rowan roared, his voice echoing through the warehouse. He gestured and out of a door rolled out his men dragging the five top missing business men of NYC.

Timothy Reed, Dathan Nicos, Alexis Ribber, Dweed Rivers and Steven Strad.

A sick excitement trailed through me, my body tingling. It was an unusual pleasure, seeing the men that had pestered my mother, deprived us of help, blindfolded, gagged and bound.

Petrified, they struggled with their captors. Whimpering. No one could hear them now. Just like no one could hear us when we pleaded.

The men were brought to me, like a birthday cake. They fell them on their knees before me, their heads lowered. I felt like a king. The stench of their fear, satisfactory.

"These are your prisoners, Levi. Do the honors." Rowan ordered, quietly.

I felt powerful. On top of the world.

My hatred for these men inundated me. An inner rage undulated, giving room to a malevolence for the men kneeling before me. These same men that hadn't been there for us, when we needed them. These same men that had brandished their wealth before fallen people like me and mum.

I pulled out my switch blade, the sound of it startling one of them. I smiled darkly. Coming to stand before Timothy Reed, the stench of his fear assuaging all the ache that had lurked in my heart since dad's death; since the plummet to hell. I was appeased, seeing him tremble.

Taking off his blindfold, I smiled sinisterly in his face. Horror stretched across his face, his eyes opened wide.

"Hello Timothy. Remember me?" I snarled. His expression turned to confusion, a frown marring his face. He struggled, whimpering. I slid the blade along the sides of his face. He flinched from its coldness.

"Where are your many men now, Timothy? Where are your millions?" I asked him. There was a heavy silence across the room. The only sounds heard were the men's muffled sounds. If Timothy could speak, I could only imagine the many words that would have spewed from his mouth. But he couldn't.

I stared in disgust at him. He was revolting to look at, as I saw the way he had touched my mother. Heard her pleading voice, asking him not to proposition her.

I felt sick in the stomach. My insides roiled with all the darkness. I didn't see a human before me. Only a repulsive being, unworthy of compassion.

"This is for trying to fuck my mother."

Sinking my knife into one of his eyes, I dug deep. Skin, sinews, nerves and vessels snapped. A sickening sound. I didn't care. He was held down for me, his anguish palpable. My fingers deep in his crimson blood, I plunged in, until I had his eye ball out. He twisted in pain on the floor and I went for the other eye. Repeating the same action.

When I was done, I watched as Timothy limp on the floor, had his blood pooled around him. The smell of choking copper filling the entire warehouse. Stifling me. Nausea came. But I steadied myself. Knowing I had to repeat the action with the other four men.

My mother was going to be avenged tonight. Her honor restored.
###chapter 95: Let Me in…
  
***Kenya.***

***Present day, eight days later***

It was already Tuesday, August 20th. Twelve days to the reopening and I could feel the full weight of exhaustion falling on me. My body ached. My senses spiraling.

I couldn't even tell if things were working out well. I had concerns all of a sudden about the choices made by the caterers. The last minute decorations weren't working. And the students' routines I had planned for the reopening was a disaster.

The offices were in full operation. Everything was already working in that regard. Yet I felt things weren't going as planned.

I spoke to Claudine a few days back and she was happy to give me pointers, which I intended to try out. She said I should just enjoy the party. Things will fall in, eventually.

"Ken. I have Mrs Ethan on line one, calling to ask if her three daughters can take part in the opening."

And that was another problem. Last minute adjustments to please every parent.

I raised my eyes from the documents I had to sign. I was tired.

"II can't Andy. Just tell her that we have a lineup of events that her daughters can partake in, once school starts in September." I felt awful letting the little girls down. But I had to make the right choice. It would be difficult for them to participate in the routines now. It might ruin the performance for the opening night.

Andrea nodded her head in acquiescence and left. Just as a message popped on my computer screen.

***From L. Ruthford:***

***Would my wife be happy to have dinner with me tonight?***

I giggled at the message. Relieved at the distraction. It was already 4:30 pm. That meant in a few hours. I was game. Anything to spend time with Levi.

***To L. Ruthford:***
***From KenRuthford:***

***Yes, husband.***

We finally discussed the Ritzy Leigh offer and Levi urged me with more of kisses and thrusts in my pussy, than words, to take the offer. He was happy to support me in my career progress. He didn't wish me to ever feel inadequate. His wish was for me to have all life could offer. And those words had resonated within me. Confirming Andrea and Rory's thoughts about Levi's feelings for me. I had a contract with Ritzy Leigh now.

About 7pm, Levi drove us to a simple waterfront restaurant. Canopies stood at intervals and the air smelled wet and inviting.

I wore a yellow maxi gown and broad soled heels. Levi wore a navy blue shirt and gray slacks. He had the sleeves rolled down, depriving me of his beautiful tattoo.

We sat to dine and the food was delicious. Spicy Mexican dish for me and meat loaf for Levi.

"Their meat loaf is delicious here." Levi complimented, sipping his wine. I smiled, knowing that I only wanted spicy food at the moment. I sipped my red wine as well. The taste, sweet and tangy.

I wanted to speak, but I saw tension in his eyes, even as he ate.

"Is everything alright?" I asked, concerned. Smiling, he gazed tentatively at me.

"I'm fine. I just want to peel off everything on your body, until you are wet for me." His voice, thick with desire, mesmerizing.

"Let's leave here," I said, shakily.

"Eat first." He smiled, seductively.

A few minutes later, we were making steaming love in the car. I rocked my hips to his thrusts. My gasps ringing in my own ears. His groans, an indication of his pleasure that mirrored mine.

My dress was zipped down and he had his warm mouth, feasting on my nipples. I ached from the pressure of his sucks. My pussy clenched each time he withdrew his hard cock. We were at the back seat of the car, our bodies tangled.

When our release came, it was at the same time. Quivering. Breathless and panting for air. My cum was all over him and we just lay there, his head on top my bare chest. While I stroked his bare, chiseled torso.

Raising himself on his elbows, he smiled down at me. I touched his face, his eyes. I loved him very much. I just wanted to remain in his arms, forever. And the tender way he made love to me these days, memorable.

He leaned into my touch and I allowed my fingers trail him some more. Touching his strong, chiseled arms. I moved up and touched a jagged scar at his rear. Just slightly below his shoulder and his neck. Perhaps that's the reason I never noticed it until this moment. It was hidden. Or because I didn't care back then.

"What happened here," I whispered, banishing my guilt at not caring initially. Fingering it. He didn't respond. He only placed a kiss on my lips. I frowned. Disappointed that he was shutting me out again. I wanted to know more of his past, to be his future.

"Levi, let me in. I wouldn't bite. I just want to know my husband. Is that wrong?" I asked, tears pooling in my eyes. It hurt when I really wanted to be in his life this much and he resisted. An invincible wall that he refused to pull it down.

Silence fell, dividing us. I wanted to move but he held me steady.

"Am leaving on a trip later tonight." Levi revealed. I stared at him in the darkness, speechless. I think now he made me cry, as the tears fell uncontrollably.

"Why? Can't it wait till morning?" I asked.

I hated that I was weak for him. But I couldn't help it. He was my addiction.

I saw him shake his head and I knew that he wouldn't budge. Last time he left, he returned early. I was hopeful.

"How long would you be gone this time?" I asked, defeated. He hesitated. *Not a good sign.*

When he answered, his tone was grave.

"I'd try to be here for the reopening."
###chapter 96: Breathless…
  
***Levi.***

***November 27th, 19 years earlier***

*Damn! Detroit was cold at this time of year*. I shivered, clutching my coat.

I tried to distract myself from mum eating alone this thanksgiving. It was no use carrying thoughts of her during missions like this. She had pleaded fervently, when I packed up my bags to go on this trip, hours ago. But I had left. No valid explanation.

I missed the old us.

"Someone's coming." Black Pea's usually hoarse voice filtered into my thoughts. Immediately, we took cover behind a ship. We were in the docks. Our eyes alert, assessing the approaching figure. The air smelled of water and fish. Three men approached, one who matched the description of the contact we were to meet.

"That's the guy." Black Pea pointed out.

This was the first time we were alone, since Freddy's death. The entire drive to Detroit had been awkward and I found myself inwardly wondering the reason Rowan had paired us for the mission.

"For what it's worth, am sorry about Freddy's death." I was quiet.

There was no visible reaction from him. He only maintained his gaze on the approaching men.

Just before the men reached us, he said. "First rule of being cold hearted, never ever apologize." Then he went towards the men.

We were to make a drop of ice with them and they were to pay us.

I had done this countless times, since I got my new alias and tattoo. However, this was my first time doing it away from home. I shivered nervously inside. But I tried to keep myself in check. Miles from home, with a guy that held a grudge against me and three strangers. I looked at the picture of the Blessed Virgin in my arm and prayed that her virginal mantle covered me.

Coming out to join them, I tried to keep a stoic face; watching them silently as they dealt. I didn't take the ice since I joined them. I usually watched the others get wasted on it. I loved my senses in order, because I hated been caught unguarded.

Black Pea asked for the ice and I pulled the pack out of my backpack, handing it to him. The men barely spared me a look. They just focused on Black Pea.

When we finished, they moved away in a different direction from the way they came. I slipped the dough in my bag, waiting for Black Pea to make the usual call to update Rowan. Rather he pulled out a cigarette and lit one each for the both of us. I took it, nonetheless.

"You know that night the police came to carry most of us because of the death of those business men, I wanted to snitch on you." Black Pea revealed.

His face expressionless. I stilled, the lit cigarette burning in my mouth.

The cops had seen footages of me delivering Rowan's pizza to each of the men, shortly before their abduction. And they had stormed Rowan's Pizza hut. A front he used as cover. We had each been questioned and there had been no evidence to hold us down. Each man had been found dead in front of their luxurious gates. Their eyes gouged out. Bled to death.

Mum had been devastated, when she had been called into the station and her cries had broken me. But I was now committed to them and could never back down. This world had now become my identity.

Taking the cigarette from the mouth, I stubbed it beneath my foot. My body shook with rage at the bitterness from Black Pea.

Choosing indifference, I shrugged.

"You should have. At least you would have had a clean conscience." I glared at him.

A menacing smile replaced his distant look. He nodded his head and pulled his phone out of his pocket. I watched him for a few seconds, before I turned my back on him. Slinging my back pack and pulling out a cigarette, I lit it.

*Dock!* I heard Mum's silent voice. But I ignored it and dragged on the smoke.

Bang! Bang!

A searing pain shot through my left shoulder. Burning. Agonizing. Sending me straight to the dirt covered ground. I tried to lift myself off the floor, to pick my gun from my back pocket. But it was no use. The pain sliced through me. I cried. Breathless. I shifted, dragging myself to a sitting position with my right arm. My eyes came face to face with Black Pea's gun. But I was already growing dizzy.

Anger and pain flared in me, my eyes shut. I tried reaching a shaky hand to stem the bleeding, but it was pointless.

"You shoot like a girl." I spat, panting. He smirked. A devilish gleam in his eyes.

"Then you wouldn't mind being fucked by me right." He drew closer, that awful grin on his face.

I wanted to shoot him. But I was already losing blood so bad. As he pointed the gun to my forehead, my eyes already dim, I thought of something that I knew would drag his attention from me.

Summoning my last ounce of sense, before I succumbed to unconsciousness. I pulled my lighter and set my bag with the money in it on fire. The bag caught fire quicker than we both thought and soon we heard someone blowing a whistle nearby. Black Pea bolted as fast as lightening. And I instantly pulled my gun from my pocket, flinging it far into the bushes. I hoped it was far.

The exertion of that exercise suddenly drained me and I felt myself slipping. Cold seeping into me. My arms weak. I succumbed to the dimness.

Everything grew dark. The sounds of feet thudding in the background, like a distant memory.

"SonnyKid! Kid! Wake up!" I faintly heard a man call. Another voice alarmed, said.

"He's bled bad. Let's take him to the hospital before he dies. The wound is deep."

*Black Out.*
###chapter 97: Terrified…
  

***Levi.***

***Present day, the next day***

Wednesday. I found myself struggling to drown out Kenya's disappointed voice, when she asked me if this trip couldn't wait until morning, but I couldn't. She was everywhere in my head. And I currently needed my head to function.

I was deep in a forest in Colombia, hiking to one of my plantations. Our car was parked at the other side, so we wouldn't wake the locals.

It was 4 am and still dark.

Blake panted beside me. His athletic frame, allowing him to equally catch up. I recalled when we were younger and how he used to struggle to catch up with my strides, because he was small at the time.

"You've grown up nice." I teased, pausing to drink some water from my canister. I could feel his hard glare at me and I chuckled.

"You are only older by one year, Levi. Don't push it." His tone was playful, even as he panted for air. I shook my head, offering him some water. His canister held coffee, laced with brandy for us.

We trudged on and soon arrived the plantation. What I saw gripped me. The entire plantation was smoking from the flames of the fire that engulfed it, a day ago. I stood horrorstruck.

Millions worth of coca plants burnt to the ground. Some survived, as we walked through the devastation. But it was no use. The soil was going to need recovery.

Workers still tried to salvage what they could. And I tried to remain calm. Even though I was aware that I still had other plantations, it still hurt knowing this was lost.

I was a major supplier of the plant to pharmaceutical companies. And my clientele ranged far. This was a setback for me in the Colombia region.

I was taken to the local infirmary, where some of the workers that had suffered burns were admitted. There were twenty workers, whose burns were very severe. Others had minor burns.

"Who is responsible for this?" I asked, looking at Rico, who finally came to join us. His hands were wrapped in bandages.

"Why aren't you in the infirmary?" I asked him, concerned.

"Work must go on boss." He spoke. I nodded, unable to argue.

I talked to the doctors, and made calls and arrangements for the people to be taken to the hospital in Bogota for better treatment. They were very grateful and I even promised continuity of their jobs, once they recovered.

Without any further delay, I joined the available workers and some of my men, and we started clearing the place.

Then I heard gunshots in the distance.

At first I attributed it to the local watch team, who perhaps were scaring off rebels. I paid them to ensure the safety of the everyone. Hence I was surprised that this devastation had occurred under their watch. The fire looked like a very ordinary accident. But to the critical eye, a fire of such magnitude wasn't accidental.

Then the shots came again. This time more persistent and closer. I stilled and so did the rest of us. Blake came to stand beside me.

"Did you hear that." He muttered. I nodded. Then someone in the distance shouted in the local dialect and the entire place broke into a panic. I looked around and saw the women and children running for cover, while the men pulled out guns.

Rico came running, pulling out a gun. My men equally pulled theirs, handing me an Ak47.

"Sir, some masked people are coming! They've shot some people along the way!" Rico yelled as he approached. Before I could say a word, a shot was fired and

Rico fell dead to the floor.

I ran for cover among the plants. Crawling in the dirt. Blake came up beside me, matching my moves. We crawled to a couple of trees and hid as the shots continued.

Smoke covered everywhere and the darkness didn't help. I fired some blind shots and the shots grew more persistent.

Screams were heard and I banished the sounds; thinking of my survival. Blake fired as well and my men came around, covering me.

Then a loud voice called me.

"Levi Ruthford!"

I stilled. My gun poised. My finger set on the trigger.

I could feel my breath coming in rapid puffs.

"Come out now, or this woman gets her head blown off!" The voice thundered.

I froze, peeking around the tree to have a look. Light from a jeep illuminated a man surrounded by approximately ten men. A man had a gun pointed to a woman's head, while she knelt on the floor. I stared frantically. Considering my options.

"You've got ten minutes to come up here, or her brain gets blown off! One!"

I hesitated.

"LeviDon't," Blake said beside me. I spared him a look. If I didn't, that woman was going to die.

"Two!"

"Blake, if I don't, that woman dies. I wouldn't be surprised those men were responsible for this devastation," I whispered.

"But Levi"

"No argument." I quieted him.

"Three!" The voice boomed again.

"Stop!" I called, coming out. I shook inside from rage, stepping out from behind the tree. I approached them, my hands raised above my head, my gun limp in my hand.

The men were masked, dressed in combat garb. But I knew they weren't military. When I reached them, I dropped my gun. One of them came around to frisk me. I stayed, watching them.

"Are you the men that destroyed my plantation?" I asked, fiercely. A man, who I presumed was the leader, stepped forward and punched

me in the gut. I buckled, winded from the impact. He raised my head roughly and stared into my eyes.

"You're not the boss here. I am, Levi Ruthford."

They all laughed, sinisterly. I panted, gathering my strength. I couldn't recall the last time I was in this sort of situation.

And for the first time in years, I was terrified.
###chapter 98: I made a promise…
  
***Levi.***

The men laughed.
They didn't need money, or they would have made their demands. Rather they seemed to be here for me.

"You have me. Take me and let everyone go." I sneered.

My lips tight as I stared into his eyes. He must have seen something in my gaze that startled him for a moment, before he regained himself.

"I heard you are very precise and a good negotiator." The man started slowly in my face. "Sadly I am here for one thing." He grinned.

I tried to buy sometime, hoping Blake found a way.

"I'll pay you triple whatever you were given. How much? A million dollars? Ten million? Name your price." I spat. The man's armor cracked and I could swear I reached him. I could pay more than that. But first he had to agree.

"I would forget this ever happened, but let everyone go and the money would be yours." I baited him.

Someone in his group took him aside. He released me. I panted anxiously.

*God I hoped that Blake had an idea. Because these men had bloodshot eyes and I hadn't been prepared for this.*

The worst thing I could do now was die. Because I made a promise to my wife. I never broke my promises.

The man gave me a look as they talked in their dialect. And I wished I could hear them.

I flicked a gaze to the woman who still had a gun pointed to her head. If I made a move for the man's gun, how many could I shoot down, before I got shot. I still had my knife in my leg. They hadn't spotted it. I could do something.

Shifting a gaze to the man who held the woman hostage, I said.

"Mind if I get a drink of your water?"

The man eyed me, dubiously. I shrugged, inching closer. I was a hairsbreadth away. My hands held in midair.

"I haven't had a drink of water in hours and if your boss there is going to consider my options, you wouldn't want me dead." I smiled.

The man was thoughtful. I saw the others had converged and they were almost all talking, except for a few, who distractedly stood around.

Sparing me another glance, the man began reaching for his canister.

Swiftly, I lowered myself and pulled my knife. Before he knew what he was about, I covered his mouth, slitting his throat. Silent and precise, I lowered the man to the floor.

I looked to ensure the others weren't looking.

*They must be arguing about the money.*

I crouched low, picking the man's gun. Then I crawled to the woman. She startled and I covered her mouth. Dragging us behind one of their cars.

I wasn't too good with the dialect, but I managed to ask her to crawl out of the area. She nodded and obeyed.

Then I heard a gunshot and one of the men fell dead. They began firing randomly. At the same time more fell dead.

*Good timing Blake.*

Looking around, I saw the men pointing in where I had been standing. They were searching for me. I fired my shots and they dropped dead like flies.

Just as I rose to my feet, attempting to take cover behind the trees, someone stopped me.

"Don't fucking move, Ruthford! You thought you could run away right."

I stilled and saw from my periphery vision, Blake had a gun raised. He gave a signal and I docked. A bullet firing and hitting the man. I panted, shaking.

For a second I thought I was going to die. Blake and two of my men rushed to me, ensuring the man was dead. I rose to my feet, my body still fighting for balance.

"Thanks man." I breathed, watching the dead man.

It wasn't the leader and I grew worried.

I turned around, wincing from a wound I sustained, while I crawled. And a shot was fired, hitting me straight on my right side. I stilled from the shooting pain. Staggering to get my balance. Blake yelled, and another shot was fired, but I didn't bloody know who did. All I know is that Blake had his hand around me.

The pain was shooting like a million nails. *Okay that didn't even cut it*. It was worse than the time I got shot by Black Pea. And all I could think at the moment was I had failed Kenya.

I didn't even know when I had my fingers on the wound. When I pulled it back up, blood covered my palm.

"Steady Levi... Someone call a fucking doctor!" Blake yelled, lowering me gently.

The floor suddenly felt cold, or did I feel cold.

"BlakeKenyaI asked her toI promised that I'd stay with her for"

"Don't speak man." I heard Blake say. I drifted in and out of consciousness. I couldn't feel anything around my side. It was like I was slipping away.

I cried in pain when someone rushed to my side, pressing the wound.

Everything ceased to exist.

*****

*I open my eyes. Am not dead yet, right? I look and see corpses lying around me. Broken bodies. That nightmare again. I struggle to banish the sight. But this time it doesn't go away.*

*Dodging the bodies, I see mum. I freeze, watching her. She comes closer. I flinch.*

*"Don't be afraid, she says. I wouldn't bite." She says. I try to believe her, but I am mostly scared. Then she holds my hand and walks me through the labyrinth of bodies. I hitch my breath all the way. My eyes closed against the carnage.*

*We soon stand in front of a very bright light. I look at the light, wondering at it.*

"*Am I to enter the light, mum?" I ask her.*

*She smiles.*

*"Yes. Because the light means you will finally open your heart again. You'd finally allow her in your heart."*

*"Allow who, mum?" I ask.*

*"Kenya."*
###chapter 99: Thorns…
  
***Kenya.***

***Thursday, following day***

I jolted from my dream, my body drenched in sweat. A perceptible tremor passing through me. My senses, disoriented. The air was cool, yet I was covered in sweat.

Looking outside, daylight filtered in. It was fully morning. At least I didn't have to return to bed, encountering another awful dream. The same dream twice in two nights. It first occurred at 5 am yesterday.

I shifted out of bed and went to pee. Staring at the mirror. Sleep deprived and exhausted, I managed to wash for the day. Getting into a pair of grey denims black boots and a blue shirt. I grabbed a coat, a purse, my phone and left. I needed to get away from the house, before I crumbled from worry.

In the dream, Levi was dead on the floor. Blood pooled around his side and I cried in anguish, watching him there.

Then I woke up.

I was still frightened from the dream. And I wondered how I was going to survive the rest of the day, not hearing yet another word from Levi.

Since he left on Tuesday night, not a word. My calls were going straight to voicemail and even Blake's calls weren't going through. I was worried.

I drove to Byron's Studio, where I was expected to meet Dave. When I got there, I met Dave inside the theater, watching rehearsals. After exchanging pleasantries, I sat by his side. We silently watched the dancers on stage.

"You look awful? Hubby didn't let you sleep."

If it wasn't for the tease in his voice, I could have sworn he was serious.

"No, just stressed from the reopening thing." I lied. He finally spared me a look. It was assessing. I shifted my gaze away, preferring to watch the dancers.

"What performance is this for?" I asked, pushing for distraction. He was silent for a moment, before he replied.

"The Ball of Venice." He faced the dancers.

"An original?" I asked, seeing that the dancers imitated a ball. Exotic masks on their faces. "It looks interesting." I commented.

"It is. One of the dancers brought the idea. Am thinking of making him a plot writer." His gaze still lingered on the stage.

I wondered if he had settled things with Odette and his nephew. I and Andrea hadn't had time to discuss it since the preparations for the school intensified.

I turned to watch the dancers, liking the set up. The intrigue of being masked in a ball. I had never attended a masked party before and the idea suddenly became intriguing.

"Do you think I should scrape the idea of the kids performing for the opening and let it just be an adults ball, masked affair?" I turned to Dave. He focused his attention on me. A gleam in his eyes and I already knew he bought the idea. It was better. I didn't need the kids to be overwhelmed by the pressure of performing yet. It was clear to me that they needed time for such a performance. And Claudine had asked me to enjoy myself.

"It would be fun. I love a masked party." He intoned, smugly. There was a mischievous smile on face. I laughed at his tone, seeing a playful side to Dave.

"So, what did you need me for?" I asked. I found this a distraction from my dream. I glanced at my phone; still no call from Levi. Not even a text.

"There is a performance coming up in December. I wanted you to get a few students auditioned for the role, so we finally select ten. Five boys and five girls. They will be the little fairies in the show." He informed me.

I stared at him in disbelief.

*Wow. Our first collaboration as partners.*

This was incredible. I was speechless. My heart fluttered in my chest from the excitement.

Trying to act all professional, so he wouldn't notice my excitement, I nodded.

"When am I to begin the auditions?" I turned to look at him. He pulled out a folder from a seat beside him, handing it to me. I stared at it.

"This is a schedule of all the work involved for the show. The title is thorns. It is an act about a fairy princess, who marries a rich count. You'd like the story." Dave smiled.

I nodded in understanding. The file equally held legal documents that will protect the kids. I was happy that he had considered that. I hadn't even expected him to put it into consideration this soon.

We finished up with the meeting and I left.

I arrived my office at J'aime and pulled up my emails; handling them. I sent one to Katie.

***To K.Williams:***

***I have some documents here that will need your immediate attention. Will send it once I'm done with them.***

I checked for any email from Levi, and couldn't hide my disappointment, when I found none. I was really worried.

Nonetheless, I opened the last thread of our conversation.

***To L. Ruthford:***

I had no subject. I chewed inside my cheek. My eyes flicking to the opened file that Dave had given me. Thorns was spelt out as the title head of the show.

***Subject: Thorns.***

***There are currently thorns in my flesh. Stinging, biting. They hurt, to the point I can't concentrate on work. I am restless. Am sad. And do you know why? Because I can't hear or see you. You are my everything, Levi. I miss and love you. Please be okay.***

I hit the send button and watched it go. It didn't feel so bad anymore, now that I sent the message. I only hoped he responded soon. Whatever business trip he was on, must be really important for him to be silent this long.

Forcing my mind to focus on the rest of my day, I began attending to the legal matters first, so Katie could finish up.

*Please be okay Levi*, I prayed.
###chapter 100: Mud…
  
***Kenya.***

***April 30th, Five Years Earlier***

Prom was finally here!

I had no date. I wanted one, but he wouldn't have accepted me. He was too good for me. Alec Cruso, the only boy I would have wanted tonight.

His shining blonde hair, his intense blue eyes. Not to talk of his beautiful mouth that was suited for him. From a wealthy family, he wasn't cut out for me. He was for girls like Daisy Henshaw. I heard whispers they were to be Prom King and Queen.

"Sparkles, show your corsage." I heard Amanda say.

I looked at her and recalled we were taking photos. She and mum had their phones clicking. My friend, Cleo, rolled her wheelchair closer to me. I adjusted myself on my haunches for her, so we could take a perfect shot.

We were both dressed beautifully for the occasion. Me in a white rhine stone covered dress, my hair in a bun. Cleo in a pretty blue dress. Our gloves matching.

Mum couldn't be happier. She had this big, contagious smile on her face. Cleo's big brother honked the car outside and we rushed to go meet him. He was our driver for tonight.

Chester was in his second year in college and he had changed tremendously. Now more responsible and mature; I admired him. I was like his sister.

"Buckle up ladies. Your carriage is off!" He announced, excitedly.

We laughed. I felt like a princess, even with my uncertainty about tonight. I just wanted to have fun.

I asked Chester to play 'Girls just wanna have fun.'

Willingly, he connected his phone and we sang, including Chester.

When we arrived the party, Chester and I helped Cleo down the car ramp, before he headed off. Promising to pick us early.

Strolling into the party like the other kids, we were fascinated by the sight. Everyone dressed gorgeously for the party. All transformed. The entire hall, lit. Decorations, snacks and drinks. Loud music. Even the chaperones looked extremely excited. I couldn't even recognize most of us.

Sitting with Cleo, I watched as the girls and boys danced to the music. She and I were wallflowers, sitting with our ilk. Gazing at the candy store from outside.

I envied the girls, who had dates. Looking very happy, and radiant. I forced myself to recall mum's advice about enjoying the night, but it didn't work. It was like a bone was lodged in my throat, watching the others having undiluted fun. Humiliation stung me. Tears threatened to spill and I didn't want that. Cleo would feel bad.

I turned, catching her eyes on me.

"You look sad." Cleo muttered. I shook my head, feigning cheerfulness.

"Am fine, Cleo. I just need some air." I already regretted saying that. The disappointment on her face was noticeable. It was like I regretted being with her.

"Am sorry Cleo. It's just that it hurts, being invincible." I hastily added.

I saw pain in her eyes, but she managed a smile.

Cleo transferred to our school in 11th grade. She never spoke of the school and I never asked. We became friends soon after. Our bond developed from our shared pain.

"Go have that air, Ken. I'll fill you in on who worn King and Queen." She smiled, wanly. I nodded and did as she said. Struggling to control my excitement of walking away from the lively hall.

Each step that took me closer to the main exit, released the tightness in my throat. I heard students cheering excitedly as I brushed past. However, I ignored them. The clicking of my shoes, echoing through the halls. I reached outside, the coolness of the night, soothing my flaming face.

Finding a spot, I sat down, staring absently. Then I broke into tears. Suddenly wishing my diary was with me. It was my personal companion that I could tell everything. All my personal secrets.

I highlighted my phone to call Amanda, so she could distract me. But I knew mum would be broken, if she discovered my distress. I slipped my phone back in my purse, trying to hold back my pain. The breeze picked up, chilling me.

"You should be inside." I heard behind me. I sharply turned to Alec staring at me. All handsome, perfect. It seemed he had his hair freshly trimmed. His blue tux hugging him perfectly. I controlled myself from ogling him. Alec was here in the flesh, talking to me.

He had never talked to me before. I didn't even know how to respond.

"II"

"I'm Alec Cruso. We were in the same class. Graduating together." He teased, coming to sit beside me. He spotted a cute dimple on his right cheek. I managed a smile.

"I'm Kenya"

"I know who you are." He pointed out. My insides fluttered. I grew shy. Alec surprised me by shrugging his shoulders off his jacket and covering me with it. His smell was enchanting. Earthy, spicy and fruity. I gave him a tentative smile, before I turned away. Suddenly wondering how he knew I was here.

"How did you know I was here?" I asked, curious. It was still a surprise that he was with me. He paused briefly.

"I was with the guys inside, when you rushed past. I found that strange." His eyes remained on me.

I didn't know how to respond. All through high school, we never said a word to each other. I had a terrible crush on him. Now he noticed I existed.

Just as I was about to give him a rejoinder, a voice disdainfully interrupted us.

"You filthy mud! How dare you wear my boyfriend's jacket?!"

Alec and I turned in time to see a furious Daisy, her friends matching towards us. I hastily got up, alarmed. But before I could say anything in my defense, Daisy picked up dirt and threw it on the front of my dress.

I looked down at my dress. Ruined. My prom night was ruined.
###chapter 101:  A Pleasant Meeting…
  
***Kenya.***

***Present day, Two days later***

I strolled into an art gallery in Manhattan for an exhibition.

Guests, all dressed, were present to watch new artists, showcasing what they called *Gen Z Art pieces*.

Rows and rows of art works, representing the modern artists, who did their works on the computer rather than on paper.

It was Saturday and I only honored the invitation, because I needed anything to distract me from my worries. It was four days and still no word from Levi. I was frustrated but managed to fake smiles.

Due to Levi's status, we were supposed to attend. However, in his absence, I had to represent him.

Wearing a sleeveless black dress and blue suede, heels, my hair braided in cornrows, I looked beautiful. A pair of diamond earrings accentuated my look.

Sipping from my glass of sparkling champagne, the entire gallery busy, I bumped into someone. Hastily looking up, I discovered I had splashed my drink on a very handsome;

"Alec Cruso" I muttered.

A wide smile followed my words. That dimple again.

"KenyaHi" He greeted, ecstatically. Instantly holding me in a warm embrace. For a moment we both ignored the fact that I had spilled my drink on him.

"How have you been?" He pulled away, looking straight at me. I lowered my eyes to his very fancy white blazer, which was stained. He followed my gaze.

"Never mind the stain." He urged. "So tell me, how is married life treating you?" He asked, staring into my eyes.

I finally managed to get my thoughts around the fact that I was seeing Alec again after five years. Last I heard he was schooling in England; his father's birth country.

"Marriage is fine, Alec. And you, how is England?" I asked. It was like I was in that night of prom again.

Banishing the awful feeling, I inhaled shakily.

"I haven't seen you in like years, only for me to find out you are married to one of the renowned billionaires in the world." He stared at me with such intrigue.

I liked that I was now fascinating to him. No longer that girl, who was humiliated on prom night.

Smiling, I turned to absently stare at an art piece in front of us. "I know, right?" I said. "I was surprised by it all as well." Thoughts of Levi came flooding again. I dispelled the worry. I had faith he was fine. He was just busy.

"So what brought you back to the States? Are you through with school?" I asked. Another waiter passed and I grabbed a glass of wine. Alec eyed me warily and I smiled, remorsefully. He chuckled in acknowledgement.

"I'm in medical school, so not finished yet. I came here to attend my sister's wedding next Saturday." He informed me.

I nodded in understanding. I never met his sister. She was ten years older than us.

"That's great. Amber, right? I never met her," I said, turning to face him. I barely saw any of the art pieces. My mind was just drifting in an out of Levi and this pleasant meeting, that suddenly stood as a distraction.

"Well, I'd extend you and your husband an invitation, so that you can finally meet her." He excitedly offered. I nodded. He still held this charm about him. He was now more fit, mature.

"You look beautiful." Alec remarked.

I stared, astonished. *Wow. Alec saw me beautiful now*. *Could he be the mystery K.C? Funny I hadn't even chatted with him since Levi and I grew close*.

Shyly, I lowered my eyes. I suddenly didn't want any other man to find me beautiful. It sounded better coming out from Levi.

Nodding weakly, I turned away.

"Am sorry if I overstepped. II just couldn't hide the truth," he said, regretfully. I didn't want to tell him it was okay, when he had never seen me as such. It wasn't okay.

He had a clean shaven face. His blonde hair, cropped low. I felt his unease at my silence.

"Did you say the wedding was next Saturday?" I asked, to ease the awkward tension.

"Yes." He breathed. I felt the heat of him, as he drew close. I didn't like his warmth. I didn't like him being close. I wanted only Levi. I turned abruptly to escape his invasion and bumped into him.

Alec steadied me, his hand on the small of my back. A soft pressure there. But I still felt it and it was wrong.

Gently, I pulled away from his hold. I looked into his eyes and saw something there. I recognized it. I had seen it in Levi before. *Desire*. I frowned.

"Let me go," I whispered. He lowered his gaze to my lips, my breath hitched.

Leaning his lips in, he whispered back.

"That night at Prom, I wanted to kiss you. But I couldn't, because Daisy interrupted us. I wanted to be your first true kiss, Kenya." He eyes held mine and I am sure he saw my shock.

He had heard the rumors then of me paying for my first kiss. And he wanted to be my first true kiss. I didn't know if I should feel shame or joy. I saw an intensity in his gaze.

For years I had crushed on Alec. I had desired his embrace, his heated gaze on me. Now that I was married, five years after high school, he was saying this.

I suddenly wondered why he hadn't defended me that night from Daisy, if he had liked me. Why he never said anything to me. He never called me after that night. That night, students had gathered and watched the scene. Watched Daisy taunt me and he said nothing.

Chester had come around and had dispersed them. Dragging me off and into the car.

"If you felt this way back then, why didn't you defend me that night?" His face changed to shame.

"Because I was afraid of my dad."
###chapter 102:  Baby, Am Home…
  
***Kenya.***

Alec and I crossed the street, in silence, heading to a restaurant nearby. It was 8pm, I didn't drive tonight. Ryan and my driver had seen me cross the street.

Inside, Alec ordered wine. I didn't drink mine. He asked to talk and that's what I was doing.

After his second gulp I think he relaxed.

"My father has always been an asshole." Alec started, dragging my eyes from a family.

The wife was wiping the girl's mouth with a napkin and the husband only smiled, adoringly. I suddenly yearned for a baby with Levi. *Where was he? How could he go this long and no communication?*

"He has always controlled the lives of my sister and I. That is the reason she stayed this long without marrying. Living his life; the company. But once word got out about his double life, his second family, there was chaos. We pulled free. Amber decided to marry and I transferred back to the states. Baltimore. I only came here for my sister's wedding."

Sadness was in his voice and I sympathized with him. I could only imagine what it was like not to have a doting father. Mine died early.

"Am sorry about that." I managed. I didn't know how this mattered, but I decided he needed to talk.

I really didn't know Alec's family. I just knew that they had wealth.

"How is Baltimore?" I asked, to distract him. He raised his grief stricken eyes.Those eyes didn't hold their usual charm any longer. Only sadness.

Managing a tentative smile, he croaked a response. Then I allowed him a few moments to gather his element.

"I'm sorry about that night." His sudden switch of subject, briefly winded me. I didn't think I was ready to go down this topic. Unfortunately, I saw no reasonable escape.

"For years I've wanted to seek you out, apologize. Somehow I just couldn't. You weren't on social media. And I didn't know anyone that had your contact then in high school, apart from Cleo Bran, who died in that accident with her family," he quietly said. His words struck a nerve and I no longer felt amicable.

The death of Cleo and her family had been devastating to me. I had cried for weeks and fell ill. The doctors had recommended an activity I enjoyed. But nothing worked. Mum and Amanda tried different activities to bring me from the horror, but nothing worked. All I saw was the sorrow, the shock they had felt when the accident occurred. How I was never going to see them again.

I think Alec noticed my sudden disposition and felt contrite. I noticed his remorse, but I didn't care. I just wanted the night to end.

Dancing had brought me out of my despair then. Amanda and mum had immediately enrolled me in the Manhattan school of Arts; literally took me there, before I recovered.

When I looked around and saw dancers, life came back into me.

Perhaps I needed to dance.

Rising to my feet, I started walking away. It was rude, dismissing someone like that. But I suddenly felt all the despair again. And I remembered my dream of Levi and I just couldn't bear it.

Someone was calling my name in the distance and I ignored the person.

"Kenya." I felt a hand halt me. The touch foreign to me. I turned to look in Alec's eyes. And the regret I saw told me enough. My face was in anguish. The evidence suddenly trailed down.

"Am so sorry, Kenya. I shouldn't have brought up their death, knowing how close you were." He admitted.

He suddenly pulled me to him, his hug alien but comforting. I cried inside his shirt. Cried for the pain I had felt then, when Cleo died. Cried for the pain I felt now from not hearing a word about another person I loved. I was suffering. I inhaled a shaky breath and pulled away from his strong arms. Putting a safe distance.

"Let's call it a night, Alec." I suggested, already walking to the car. The driver and Ryan changed its spot to a few steps from the restaurant. I heard Alec's hurried steps behind me.

"Wait Kenya. Here's my number." He hastily called. He came around and handed me his card. I absently took it, continuing to the car.

When I got in, I finally breathed in the scent I desired. Levi's. The entire car smelled of him, and I wanted to cry. But I held myself. I spared Alec a look as we drove, watching him stare after us.

Once upon a time, I wished for those eyes to look me in this way. I wished for the touches he spared me tonight. Now I only desired one person. And my heart ached to see him again.

When we arrived the penthouse, I went straight to the gym. He had set up a dance section for me.

Changing into something comfortable, I played the RnB music I had danced to for Levi in the cave. And I started dancing.

I twisted, I twirled. I leaped. My soul reaching God. Crying to Him to bring back Levi. To ensure he was alright.

Dancing was a way I communicated to the Almighty. An extension of my lips. Communicating words my heart was too hesitant to let out. It was me, reaching out to Heaven's door and imploring God. And now I needed to implore Him to banish this threat.

He had handed me Levi as a gift and treasure in the most unusual way and I had toyed with the gift. Now I needed my Levi back. I felt tears in my face as I danced and I knew that I was crying. And if I didn't cry now, I'd wake up broken in the morning.

Moments later, I fell to the ground exhausted. I didn't even lift my eyes to the clock, I just lay there and slept.

"Baby, am home."
###chapter 103: Have Faith…
  
***Kenya.***

***A few days later***

Three days to the reopening and I was cracking under pressure.

I didn't even know how to handle all these public events. I lied to myself.

Still not a word from Levi and Blake, I couldn't manage my emotions anymore.

I recalled my dream days ago. Him coming to me and saying, 'Baby, am home.'

I had woken up thinking he had returned. Disappointed when I didn't see him.

I wanted to file a report with the police, but I had no idea what to say.

***Me: Hi, I haven't heard from my husband in days, since he went on a business trip. Could you help me find him?***

***Police: Alright Ma'am. Where did he go on a trip?***

***Me: I don't know. I don't know anything about him***

I sank on the floor, overwhelmed.

"Honey, what are you doing on the floor." A familiar voice reached me.

I followed the sound, my eyes falling on mum. Not minding my employees, I embraced her.

"Mummum" I cried. Tears pouring from my eyes. I didn't even see Alan, standing behind her.

"Hey Ken." He greeted. I raised my head, smiling at him. His eyes appreciatively took in the place. Mum's arms were wrapped around me and I didn't want them off.

"You did well with the place. And look at the decorations. I wish Amanda could come." Alan regretfully added. I frowned at his statement, looking at mum. My eyes still had tears.

"Amanda is stressed these days and the doctor asked her to rest." Mum informed. My scowl deepened.

"Why doesn't anyone ever tell me anything in this family? It's like am just not part of you." I grumbled, hurt. It was like I was being deliberately left out by everyone. Levi, Amanda, mum, Alan.

Mum eyed me, critically.

"I'll come for the party, ladies. I've got business to attend to before then. Kenya, mum in law's bag is here. She didn't fail to inform me that she wanted to stay in your house this time." Alan announced. I turned to mum, surprised.

"Yes. I've stayed with Amanda and Alan before, it's time to stay with you." Mum smiled. I smiled too. Happy that I'd have company.

When Alan left, I took mum on a tour around the school. Her eyes wide with amazement at every turn. She didn't fail to ask questions, when she deemed it necessary.

She met my friends, Andrea and Mike. She had never really met them before, because I always kept my family life private. They loved her immediately and promised to come have her famous tarts tomorrow. I couldn't stop smiling.

It was a welcome distraction from all the ache I felt, not hearing from Levi.

When it was lunch, I ordered pizza for everyone. Mum said all the extra cheese I ordered in mine, would make me lose my figure and I laughed at her concern. She always complained about my extra cheese.

When we sat down to eat, she told me so much about my sister and I grew worried for her. She said Amanda kept on mumbling about something she had to confess in her sleep. And Alan kinda grew worried. Whenever he asked her about it, she'd just deny it.

"That's a concern." I breathed. I recalled how she acted when we came for her party. I wish she'd pick my calls; I would have called her. But since we returned from the party, she just grew silent on me. Even when I initiated chats with her, she'd just read them and ignore me.

I didn't know what to make of Amanda's issue. And I didn't want to add to mum's worries.

"That reminds me, how is Levi. I haven't heard from him in days. Is he on a trip?" Mum asked. My heart sank, not knowing what to say. She watched me and grew alarmed.

"Oh no, don't tell me you had a fight." She muttered, covering her mouth. "Honey, you don't need to fight the man, he is a good heart." Mum declared in his defense. I laughed inwardly, knowing mum loved all her in laws.

"He's fine mum. He went on a business trip in a remote place. So he is out of coverage." I was lying. But if I didn't, she'd plague me, until I spoke my truth and both of us will be drowned in grief and worry. And I didn't need that. I heard her exhale with relief and I equally did.

Going for something distracting, I pulled up a different topic, just to ease the both of us.

Later at night, mum cooked a nice dinner of rice and spicy vegetables, my favorite. Even the staff had to eat mum's dinner. They were amazed.

When she grew tired, I sat with her on the bed, until she finally fell asleep. I was happy she was around. It was cute having my mum around for once.

I left the room, so she could sleep peacefully. She kept on praising the beauty of the penthouse. Said it was very magnificent. I wondered what she would say about the Ruthford mansion.

Walking to the stairs, the housekeeper came up to me with the phone.

"Ma'am, it's a call from Mr Dickson," she said.

Hastily, I grabbed the phone and walked to a corner to answer. My hands shook as I hesitantly brought the phone to my ear. I was worried, Blake calling instead of Levi. But I managed to calm myself.

"Blake?" I shakily called.

"Mrs Ruthford. Good evening Ma'am. How are you?" Blake calmly said. It was a good sign. He was calm.

"Am fine Blake. I have been calling you both and no response," I said. He paused.

"We were caught up in meetings. Am sorry about that, Ma'am." He apologized, ruefully.

"It's alright. How is my husband? Is he there?" I asked, dispelling the fear that suddenly swamped me.

*Silence*.

My heart thudded.

"Have faith, Mrs Ruthford."
###chapter 104: Lucky…
  
***Kenya.***

***December 24th, three years earlier***

***Manhattan Theater.***

I could feel my heart spiraling as I danced. Struggling with the fear inside me.

The sound from the playing orchestra soothed me, allowing me ease into my performance. My muscles strained under the intensity of pressure. But I ignored the pain.

Dance was a part of me. An extension of me.

Ten of us were having our final evaluation. And it was to be done in the clear view of the public. Thirty of us in my set were all grouped into a set of ten for each performance. And we were the last set to perform.

I wanted to break under the pressure. But I recalled I had to pass this assessment, because it was the determination of our careers as dancers. Tonight several dance companies were among the audience, watching us. I was terrified.

I got into character. One of Santa's elves, trying to help him get gifts across the world. Though the role was a very small one, yet I appreciated it. It was something I never expected, considering my limp. All the other tutors had ignored me. Shoved me to the side, even though they were aware I needed the assessment to graduate.

But Professor Lynnburg was kind enough to give me a chance.

Soon, we finished the dance and the entire audience applauded us. I felt elated to be a part of the show. My legs were like springs and I couldn't contain the excitement. The lead dancer in our team was Milano, who acted as Santa. He delivered his performance competently. And I was very hopeful for the marks we were to get.

As we returned backstage, our other class mates greeted us with cheerfulness. Their words were highly appreciated. Professor Lynnburg came around, his clipboard in hand, poised to give us our final assessments. I felt my heart in my tongue, clenching my other classmates tight.

Professor Lynnburg finally acknowledged us with expressionless eyes. His eyes on me, I feared the worst.

"Firstly, well done to all of you. You put in much efforts and you achieved a good result. The best scores. I am proud of you." He declared.

A heavy silence, fell across the room. Suddenly we broke into loud cheers, hugging each other. I caught sight of the professor's small smile and I knew he was really proud of our performance.

After we grew quiet again, he called out our assessment results. When he called my name, I was astonished to find out that I scored the highest. A news that came as a surprise to me. Best in my class, he said. And he gave me a perceptible nod of acknowledgement.

Before he left, he called me aside.

"Miss Anderson, there is a scout from a dance company that is here to recruit the best student. The student would become a dancer with the company. Beginning in February, after your graduation ceremony in January. Performing in public shows and their pay is highly catchy," he said.

I stared, awestruck. I was speechless for seconds.

"If you aren't interested, I can just go out there, inform him..."

"No, professor." I protested. Who wouldn't want this opportunity. I was graduating in January and would start a job immediately as a dancer. It was like a dream. "Sir, I would be honored to accept." I informed him, tears already in my eyes. A smile danced on his lips as he watched me.

"Congratulations, Miss Anderson. Let's go meet the scout." He led the way.

I was finally going to become a dancer, like I always dreamed. And I knew that my mum and sister will be extremely proud of me. They couldn't be present for the show tonight, because Amanda and Alan were going to welcome their new kids from the Adoption Agency in Brooklyn.

8-year-old Stacy and 5-year-old Lisa. Their parents died a few years ago and they had no other living relatives. As a result of Amanda and Alan's inability to have children, the cause known to only them, they chose to go for adoption.

The scout stood to greet us as soon as we approached. Tall, athletic, he looked like a dancer.

"I am Regan Leon, one of the scouts for Byron's dance company." He extended a handshake to me. I took it and tried keeping a serious face.

"Every year, we collect the best graduating students from schools and offer them a place with our company. From all indications, you are the best in this set." He held my gaze.

I was too excited to even make a coherent sentence.

"So, would you be glad to join our team. If you agree, a contract would be handed to you this instant. Resuming with us in February." He managed a smile.

I nodded and he chuckled.

"I guess that is a yes." Pulling out a file from beside him, he handed it to me.

"Thank you, sir." I greeted, clutching the file to my chest.

I was crying now. He didn't even give a look to my leg. He only saw a dancer and nothing else. I couldn't be happier. I would have hugged him if I could, but I had to maintain professionalism.

"No, Miss. Thank you for being the best. We are lucky to have you on our team." He remarked. I held my breath. That one word, '*lucky*.' I couldn't believe the man saw me as a lucky.

Since I could remember, the only ones that saw me as lucky were my family. An ache tugged within me, as memories flooded.

Now Mr Leon saw me as lucky.

"I'd be on my way now. Professor, Miss." He nodded and walked in the direction of the exit. I still couldn't believe it and continued to stare after him.

"Congratulations once again, Miss Anderson." The professor greeted.

I turned to him, my eyes blurry. Unable to help myself, I fell into his arms and broke into wracking sobs.
###chapter 105: I Couldn’t Bear…
  

***Kenya.***

***Present day, August 31st***

The entire school was filled with masked guests, majestically dressed as fairies.

I stood in the middle of the hall, wearing a nature fairy mask.

Dressed in silk emerald green, two-piece dress, styled like a Thai Dusit. Spotting a yellow toned veil, which I draped over one side of my shoulders. A pair of pearl and diamond earrings on my ears and my hair in a Grecian style.

I felt beautiful. The men's eyes undressing me. But none of them was Levi. Tears wet my eyes behind my mask. My heart crushed.

That night Blake called, he hadn't elaborated more. I tried to get his meaning, but he had politely ignored my questions, rather informing me that Levi was extremely busy. I still felt betrayed by Levi's sudden indifference.

I would have cancelled the party, but Andrea protested against it. Asking me to consider the efforts of everyone that worked for the party. So here I was, maintaining a façade.

Mum and Alan couldn't make it. They had to return to Amanda, because she had a panic episode and the kids couldn't handle her. I wanted to cancel the party and follow them, but mum had protested.

I would have felt completely alone. Thankfully, Andrea, Rory and Mike were supportive. Andrea and Mike were dressed as fairy King and Queen of love with their matching clothes.

After my opening speech, which went well; considering the number of times I got distracted searching the masked faces of every man for Levi, I went to cry in my office.

Breaking into sobs, unable to hold my emotions. I could hear music, an indication that the guests were dancing.

Everyone was happy; eating, drinking. But I was miserable.

I caught a look of myself in the window and cried some more. *How did I become this attached to a man that had killed for my sake? A man that had manipulated me to become his wife.*

But it was easy; he was the most handsome and good natured man I knew. Always putting others first.

I had people out there asking for him and I just couldn't manage the lies. Covering up about his wellbeing, when I wasn't certain myself. I was hanging by a thread.

A knock came on the door, stilling me. I listened and it came again.

Infuriated, I opened it to find a waiter, informing me that there was a guest asking for me and Levi. I stayed behind to check myself and left to attend to my guests. The last thing Levi needed now was a dent on his political journey. Some of his party members were present.

"Hello Mrs Ruthford." The man lowered his mask.

It was the current outgoing Senator of NYC. Mark Marlowe. He was a very quiet and charismatic man, who was equally intelligent and good natured. "A pleasant evening. Congratulations on your opening. It is a beautiful establishment. I would be sure to direct students here. Unfortunately, I have three sons, who are stuck to football like I am." He playfully informed.

We both laughed. He looked very young for his age.

"I'd like to meet them someday, Senator. They sound delightful." I remarked.

"Oh I don't think delightful is the word that cuts it. Rogues of the highest degree, might do the trick." He joked. I laughed, a bit soothed. "They are currently on vacation with their mother in Australia."

"Wow. All the way," I said.

"Yes. My wife has a sister there and we always visit her at this time of the year." He informed. I nodded in understanding.

"I haven't seen or heard from your husband in days. When we call, his personal assistants say he is on a business trip. Is there another way we can get him?" He was calm.

Rory had already informed me that many party members and clients were calling and they could barely keep up with the excuses. I didn't even know what to tell the Senator.

Hesitating, my eyes snagged a poster on the wall that had a man drinking a beverage in the tropical heat. An idea struck.

"Senator, my husband is currently in a very remote tropical region. He informed me of his intentions and asked us all not to worry. You shouldn't as well. Duties of our husbands." I held a shaky smile.

He watched me for a few seconds and nodded in acknowledgement.

I was aware the senator was very intelligent. But even intelligence had weak spots. Satisfied with my answer, the senator soon jumped to talks about Australia and his family.

My heart beat slowly returning to normal at each story he brought.

The Senator moved on and I walked over to a window, looking outside.

We were upstairs and a few guests toured the premises around me. All happy. But I didn't have any joy. I stood at the window, trying to hide my misery. I couldn't keep up with the excuses anymore. And my heart had no more faith to stay strong.

Something happened to my husband and I could feel it. It was a gut feeling, borne out of the love I felt for him.

This was not an infatuation like I first perceived. Not spiraling hormones from our steaming lovemaking.

I was truly in love with Levi and It was rooted deep. Tears flowed down my eyes and I covered my mouth, stifling the sobs. I knew what everyone would think as they passed. But I was in agony.

My eyes clutched tight, blocking everyone out.

A warmth suddenly travelled through me. Familiar, strong. A tremor awakened inside me at the touch that came.

I leaned in, my back coming against the solid form I yearned. My arms were burned from the touch of the only fingers I craved. The warm breath that fanned my neck, reaching my core. I turned to water.

"I couldn't bear seeing you like this. So I braced the elements. I braced death."
###chapter 106: Ghost of Christmas Future…
  
***Levi.***

***January 8th, 18 years earlier***

Six whole weeks of recuperation. My body suffering the aftermaths of my efforts to quick recovery.

A fractured bone, torn connective tissues. I was fucking lucky I survived. The doctors said I was brought in completely comatose. Somehow I fought death, as they fixed me up in the theater.

For days, no one knew who I was. I lay there, struggling to survive. Fighting death.

I pulled out from the jaws of death one morning, disoriented. In pain.

My body cracked and when I looked around, I saw I was in a fucking hospital. The doctors came and were happy I was alive. They asked questions and I told them who I was. It was then they informed me that I had been in coma for three days.

Mum was called to Detroit and she came within a few hours. Fear and sorrow clouded her as she held me when she arrived.

We handled the bills, since my work with the gang, paid well. So I was able to secretly fund mum's accounts, especially for our medical card, through one of our reliable members.

She had wanted to complain about the funds, but I had dissuaded her. Informed her they were payments from my modelling job.

She hadn't asked questions, when we finally returned home, a couple of days later. She only maintained an awkward silence. Evidence that she wasn't fooled.

The cops had asked questions in the hospital and I lied. Telling them I was abducted and brought to Detroit by three masked men, who claimed to have a vendetta on families of all the top rich men that were in my father's circle; Reed and others. And since dad was gone, they had taken me.

My story had checked out, with the abduction and murder of top business men in NYC, months ago. But mum had held her tongue. We never spoke about it. It was like she saw me in a new light and kept her opinion to herself.

Her silence worried me. However, I couldn't blame her. She lost her boy that day she lost her husband.

Turning seventeen five days ago. I thanked the Blessed Virgin for persuading her son to give me another chance to life. And this time, I was going to use it right.

It was 8pm. I walked into the pleasure house at Queens. The snow covered floor, a contrast to the darkness that swamped me.

Dressed in a black hoodie, I walked unnoticed through the throng of people in the place, all deep in their own world. I climbed the stairs, keeping a stealth profile.

Arriving Rowan's door, I knocked and someone opened it. My head was lowered, as I stood in the door. Anger fueled me. My need for revenge, an element in my blood.

"Hey, who are you?" Rowan asked, cautiously. I raised my face slowly, taking off my hood and smirked. He paled. The wine cup in his hand shattered to the floor.

Every other person in the room turned at the sound and saw me. My eyes fished out Black Pea from the seven people in the room and I sauntered towards him. My stare, unwavering.

A pin drop silence, as I locked gazes with Black Pea. His face was ashen now. And his gait, unsteady. His eyes said it all.

*'I had fallen behind.'*
*'Was killed by those guys we cut the deal with, who didn't release the dough.'*

I grinned devilishly. I was now his nightmare come back from dead. And I was going to relish every damned day of torment upon him, until I killed him. Because when I lived, I was reborn.

"Whatseeing the ghost of Christmas future?" I snickered.

My voice audible for both of us.

Because of this prick, mum now saw me for who I was. A demon. A form I had hidden from her.

I had never wanted her to see it. To know who I had become. But he made it possible.

"Welcome to hell, Black Pea." I wore a smirk. His shudder, noticeable.

"My boy. Welcome back from the dead. I knew those fuckers couldn't have killed you as Black Pea claimed." Rowan's hand tapped my back. I winched inwardly from the pain the contact made on my left shoulder. But didn't let them see a trace in my expression.

Rowan confirming my suspicions, I raised a brow to Black Pea. The guy was a fuck head. If I spilled this instant, he was dead.

"Lost all that dough, because they double crossed us, Black Pea said. Then they shot you, when you both tried to fight?" I heard the suspicion in his tone.

His assessment of Black Pea's story. Rather than speak, I ignored them and said,

"We'll make another deal. Something juicier than Ice Fred's. I have a contact." I turned to Rowan, who was shocked.

None of us newbies ever knew the names of our drops. I fixed a hard gaze on him and he read the message in my eyes.  I wasn't the same person that left for Detroit.

I did have a contact. On the day we left the hospital, while mum had gone to handle my discharge, a young man of 18, came to visit me. Introduced himself as Mendoza.

Claimed he got rid of my gun and the crisped money, before the cops checked. He saw us with Ice Fred's men. That's how I knew the drop was intended for Ice Fred. He informed me that he knew dealers that paid more. Those that even needed coke for pharmaceuticals. I kept that a secret for someday.

"Wow." Rowan breathed, heavily. Awestruck. I was too. Died and returned. Gone was the old fear. The new me, fierce.

I saw Black Pea lodging there in the shadows, eyeing me warily. I liked that he feared.

I was going to fuck him, like he fucked me.

"I need this deal. When do we make it?"
###chapter 107: Her Tears…
  
***Levi.***

***Present day, August 31st***

"Levi" She breathed.

A balm to my soul. I ached with pleasure, hearing the sound of my name on her lips.

Groggy from the entire physical exertion of flying all the way here, I didn't care. I was with her. And that's all that mattered.

I woke up 48 hours ago from a coma at a hospital in Bogota. They said I died. I laughed when I heard that. The last time I died, I came back a demon. *This time, who was I to be?*

I was with my mum all through my coma state. I told her a lot. About Kenya. She said she saw her. She said she loved her. Called me a fool for not loving her back. I told her it was hard. I apologized to mum for all my heinous crimes. And I promised I would change.

"Levi" Kenya said my name again, this time staring straight into my eyes. Like she was seeing a ghost. *I* was a ghost. I couldn't believe I survived.

A gunshot wound to the abdominal muscle. No exit point. I was a lucky survivor, they said. A miracle story. I think God changed the situation, because with the amount of blood I had seen, I was to die.

Blake had immediately filled me in on the situation. They had killed all the intruders. None had survived. Only Rico Mendoza and four of the locals were among the casualties. It pained me. Rico had been with us through it all; the good and bad. The transition. Now he was gone. We mourned his loss. Although he had mostly left the task in the hands of five of his nephews, he was going to be highly missed. Juan, his eldest nephew was now his replacement.

"What happened to youWhy are you so thin?" She asked. Wearing a nature fairy mask. M*y nature fairy*; she looked beautiful in her dress. I had spotted her a mile away and recognized her, even in the mask.

Her party turned out eventful. Everyone talking about it on my way to meet her.

"How did you recognize me in the mask?" I asked her, hoarsely. I had picked up an earth fairy mask, knowing she loved nature. I was her slave. She pulled up her mask and I saw tears in her eyes. Genuine tears for a worthless soul like me.

"I'd always recognize you in a crowd, Levi." A tear flowed.

I inched closer, touching her face. Beautiful, sweet. I missed her so much.

I didn't even want to hear the words Dr Jorge had said about waiting a week. As soon as I was strong enough, I entered the jet and we returned to New York.

Lifting my mask, I kissed her, tasting her tears. Salty, stimulating. Her tears, my drug. My precious possessions. Not to be wasted.

Kissing her lips, drinking her in, I took all I could of her. Carving this moment to memory, forever.

"I missed you" I said into her mouth. She moaned deeply, caressing my arms. Scorching me through the sleeves of my tux.

*Yeah I managed a tux on my way here. God I needed her right now, but we were at her event.*

"LeviFinally." A voice I recognized all too well, broke our kiss. I placed another kiss on her lips, pulling away, lowering both our masks.

"Philip." I turned to face the Mayor. A fairly bulky man, who played golf well in our club. He wore a sun fairy mask. And he looked ridiculous in it.

*I don't think everyone should have put on a mask.*

Philip regarded us, slightly discomfited. Sparing us an apologetic look, he started.

"I have been calling you, all to no avail. Your workers kept on saying you travelled on a business trip. I wanted to thank you personally for the renovations you've been doing on some of the foster homes at no cost." Philip smiled, appreciatively. I felt Kenya's gaze on me. And I couldn't look, because I was afraid of what I'd see there.

"Mrs Ruthford, your husband here is a gem to New York and I don't know who else deserves being Senator than him." Philip intoned.

"Let the best man win, Philip," I simply said. I didn't want to think about elections tonight or work. Tonight was for Kenya. "Let's enjoy the party, Philip. We'll talk of work and the elections another time." I placed a hand on the small of Kenya's back, guiding her away from Philip.

"That was rude," she whispered. I grinned under my mask.

"Show me your office." I grazed the shell of her ear. She hitched a breath, turning to look at me. She had a knowing look, before she turned, leading us.

Upstairs, we entered a beautiful office that looked like her. Intimate, a mix of white, gold and emerald green. I locked the door and fingered the wallpaper. A mix of emerald green background and gold vines.

"Is green your favorite color?" I asked. I didn't know her favorite color.

"White." She muttered, watching me. I nodded. I guessed that, from her pick of clothes. "But I fell in love with emerald green, when I first stared into your eyes."

I froze, my back to her. I remembered when I first came to her house.

'*Your eyes*.' She had muttered.

I turned slowly, my gaze on her. My heart grew with a need.

Closing the distance between us, I chewed on my lower lip. My eyes raking her. I couldn't deny how much I had thought of her that day we were attacked. How I had hated myself for failing her. And when I woke up, all I thought of was coming to her.

Kenya was my light, my heart. The missing fragment in my life. If I lost her, the world was lost to me.

I kissed her. Nipped her lips.

Drank her in, until she melted into my arms, like butter.
###chapter 108: Unfathomable…
  
***Levi.***

I kissed Kenya with a fervency that mirrored all the hunger within me.

Every kiss I placed on her lips, her jawline and her neck, earned me a delightful moan from her. I pulled her closer, pressing her against me. Not an inch in-between. She trailed her fingers up my back and I hissed inwardly as she touched my wound.

I turned her around, kissing her neck. Pulling down the zipper of her skirt, lowering her bodice. She inhaled a sharp breath, raking my hair, as I tweaked one nipple, pinching it. Our masks long lost.

When I was sure she was naked for me, I placed her on the table. My gaze assessing her naked flesh.

She spread her legs for me, giving me a sneak peek of her 'V', covered by her emerald green lace panties. I lowered myself to the spot, inhaling her arousal. Already wet for me. She smelled good.

I came back up, kissing her senseless. My clothes coming off. I lost all sense, wanting to be inside her.

Down to only my slacks, I lifted my eyes to her, so that I could delve into her, but I stopped. Horror in her gaze. She was staring down at my bandaged side.

"Levi" She gasped, palming her mouth. She climbed down, crouching beside me. "What happened?" She asked, her fingers shaky. I watched her frightened eyes as she waited for my response. I had no idea what to say.

"Please, Levitalk to me. Let me know you." She pleaded. "Was this why you didn't pick my calls?" She was alarmed.

I was speechless.

Sitting on one of the chairs, I pulled her closer.

"Let's not do this now. I missed you and I need you. Tomorrow, I'll tell you everything." I kissed her lips. Tears in her eyes. My heart gave. I hated that she was crying for a worthless man like me.

"Don't cry, Baby. Please." I pleaded. Pulling her closer, taking her nipple in my mouth and sucking it. She allowed me, but her initial passion was replaced by her concern for me. I stared at her.

"I can't hurt you by making love to you." She cautioned. I looked at her.

True, the doctors said I needed rest, because of the stitches. But I didn't care. Then I lowered my eyes to my erection. I was hard as fuck.

"I am as strong as a mule, Baby." I informed her.

She chuckled, her eyes wet. I preferred her laughter. She grew thoughtful for a bit, fixing her gaze on me.

"Let me pleasure you, instead." She pleaded. I looked at her, curious.

Kissing me, Kenya eased me further into the chair. Lowering herself to her knees, trailing a path of kisses along my torso. When she reached my covered wound, she kissed the bandage.

Reaching for my zipper, my anticipation piqued, she took out my erect cock. Her lips slowly lowering, until she kissed the tip. The warmth from her beautiful mouth, sent a tremor through me.

I gripped the chair tight, my knuckles aching, as Kenya covered my cock with her mouth. She was tentative, but she took it in. Her mouth warm. I allowed myself enjoy the pleasure, as she began sucking me. Licking me.

I moaned, my fingers tweaking her nipples as she continued to suck me.

There was no way to describe the feeling, as I thrusted into her. She moaned as I reached and fingered her pearl. Her lips gripped me tighter.

Ripples of sweet, torturous pleasure trailed me, climbing me. My entire body aflame.

I wondered where she had learned this, but didn't want to care. I was her forever. I tweaked her nipples some more and Kenya cried out. My name a caress on her lips. I didn't want to come yet. I wanted to bury myself inside her.

Pulling her up, I placed her in my laps.

"Levi" She gasped, her mouth wet with my precum. I kissed her, tasting my cum. Then pulling away, I said,

"If I'm not inside you, now, I would burst in fucking flames." I waited for her permission. Breathless. I couldn't hold on.

She held a weak smile, "But your wound?"

I shook my head.

"You're all I need." I kissed her neck.

Slowly, she leaned in, kissing me. The message that passed through that one kiss was profound. A need so strong that surprisingly mirrored mine.

Kenya was my yesterday, my today and tomorrow. And I never wanted to lose her.

She shifted, lowering herself unto my erect cock. We both gasped as I entered her, slowly.

My wound ached, but I ignored it. Not moving, until I was fully inside her.

Slowly, I thrusted in and out of her. Grazing her skin as she rocked to me. Our pace, unhurried, our sounds, deep.

I touched her nipples, my other hand gripping her waist to me. Not letting any space. Small cries escaped her lips. My finger dipped inside us, playing with her pearl. She parted her lips, gasping.

Our eyes met and I held her gaze, allowing the magic of our passion consume me. For once, I didn't hold back. I didn't resist.

I allowed the unfathomable pull between us take root inside my heart. Because I was aware that if I didn't allow her take center in my heart, I would still lose.

Because from the first day I saw her, my goddess of the night, I had lost the will. I had already succumbed to her powers, even before she had conjured her spell.

Feeling her near her release, I allowed mine rise to the surface. I wanted us to rise to the brink of ecstasy simultaneously. It was time for her magic to take effect on me.

Both of us cried our release. Crashing down from the height of passion. Panting for air. I caressed her bare back, kissing her sweet, wet skin.

I wanted my life with Kenya. My forever.
###chapter 109: A Dark…Fairy…
  
***Kenya.***

Levi helped me dress.

I was unable to get my eyes off him. My entire body strumming from him being inside me, moments ago. We finished cleaning up and went downstairs to meet the others.

Dancing was already in full swing, but we were both hungry.

I had to redress his wound, after our lovemaking. Cleaning the sweat. He had watched me all through, his fingers trailing my skin. Not a flinch from the pain of the wound.

The wound was a jagged 'C' shape that stood on his side. I wanted to press him further about it, but he had promised to talk tomorrow, so I just stayed my questions. Choosing to enjoy the aftermaths of our lovemaking.

I was hungry, so Levi went to grab us something to eat. I didn't want the sea food snacks. I wanted something chicken or beef.

"Mrs Ruthford, can you join me for a dance." A voice offered behind me.

I turned and saw a tall man in a black tux, wearing a dark, ferocious mask. I shuddered at the sight of it. Knowing I was to be a courteous host, I nodded and gave him my hand. He took It, leading us to the dance floor.

I saw Levi talking with Senator Marlowe, his smile, reaching me, even from the distance.

"You do love your husband very much." The man interrupted me.

I turned my attention to him. Embarrassed that he caught me ogling Levi. I tried to maintain my composure.

"So, who are you supposed to be?" I asked, trying to make polite conversation. I didn't like his mask.

"An Unseelie. A dark Irish fairy," he said. I swallowed at his menacing tone. "It means unblessed."

I blinked. An odd mask for a happy occasion. I suddenly didn't feel like being in his presence. Funny thing was that I didn't think he was familiar. No introduction, nothing.

"Can I ask, who you are?" I was uneasy.

"Isn't the essence of a masked ball the element of mystery," he artfully said.

He was right. Nonetheless, I felt a bad vibe around him. I tried to pull away from his hold and he pulled me back, roughly. I looked at him, flabbergasted. His face, lowered to mine, just enough to hear him.

"Sir, you are too close." I struggled to say. He snarled. I darted my eyes for Levi, but couln't find him.

"Isn't it delightful. Little Mrs Ruthford. In love." He sneered. I hitched my breath at his tone. My lips pulled tight. I didn't want to cause a scene, yet he was being a jerk.

"Did he ever tell you what happened to his first wife? Why he asked his former brother in-law to never step foot in New York again?" He smiled darkly from the half mask. I struggled, trying to pull away. But his hold was strong.

"Let me go." I fiercely spat. My anger simmering. He laughed darkly.

"I would. But first I must tell you something." He held my gaze.

His fingers came up to the small of my back. I flinched. "The next time he fucks you, ask him what happened to his first wife and the journalist that had been investigating his company's involvement in war torn African countries."

I stilled. A warning bell ringing in my head.

"Ask him what happened to your father. What happened days ago in Columbia. Additionally, tell him that for destroying BB's business enterprise, I would fuck him where it hurts, until he loses you. Like I'm about to lose everything." He looked at me one last time, as if to ensure that his words had the desired effect.

They did.

Smoothly, I watched him blend with the crowd. Disappearing, like the dark fairy he assumed.

***

I arrived the house, panting from all the anger and confusion that simmered in me.

I wanted to believe that the man had lied. That his accusations were false. But a crippling feeling nudged in my gut. Eating me from inside.

I hadn't let Levi know that I was leaving. As soon as I managed to will my limbs to move, I walked out of the party, into the night air. The air felt wrong against my skin. I wanted to crawl into the shower and wash every feel of Levi on my skin.

Then again it was fair that I heard him out. Allowed him defend himself.

He had lots of enemies, and someone might be doing this to destroy his reputation. To ruin his marriage. I inhaled a shaky breath, allowing the words saturate me. Fill me with a certain guarantee that barely existed at the moment.

I thought about how much love I felt for him. His adoration for me. And then my mind flicked to Hank and how he had died. No. Levi wouldn't murder again. He asked for forgiveness. And I decided to offer him that. To let us see this go through.

My body shuddered from the intensity of feelings that coursed through me. I needed to calm down.

I went upstairs and stripped bare. Climbing the shower and allowing the cold water infuse me.

I needed to give Levi a benefit of doubt. At least hear his own side of the story.

I came out of the shower, wrapping myself in a robe.

Stepping into the room, I was greeted by a pair of flaming, green eyes. He really lost some weight. And I could see the strain in his eyes, even though he masked it.

"Stop doing this, Kenya. You keep going out of parties, without informing me. It kills me when you do that." He fiercely said.

I locked gazes with him, my body trembling with fury. *How could he stand there and care for me, with all these lies and secrets between us?* I almost believed he cared for me. This time I was getting the truth.

I tried fighting my tears, but they fell anyway.

"Who is BB?"
###chapter 110: Look Behind the Shackles…
  
***Levi.***

"BB?" I echoed.

*How the fuck did she know that name?*

She was livid. But her tears confused me. I drew closer and she backed away. Her hands in mid-air.

"No sex this time." She muttered, fiercely. More tears.

I wasn't thinking of that, but I wouldn't pass it off, if she offered.

I halted a few feet away. "Kenya, what happened? Where did you hear that name?" I asked, calmly. She sobbed.

"Someone met me tonight at the party, saying that BB would ensure you lost me and everything, like you destroyed his enterprise and all he had." Her voice had a perceptible tremor.

"What happened recently in Colombia? Is that where you had the wound? What happened to your first wife and the journalist that was investigating your company?"  She asked.

I froze.

The only other person that knew of the investigation and the journalist's existence, was Crompton. But he had no idea about the recent happenings in Colombia or about Belle.

I had thoroughly checked Crompton out. He was as clean as fuck. Only had a loud bark. Always boasting, snooping around. Just like I had snooped him out. That was the reason I never bothered about him digging me out.

*Who was this person?*

"What happened to my father?" Her question came. Freezing my nerves. Almost buckling me.

This couldn't be happening now. The moment I had dreaded the most. The reason I had erased the fucking journalist. I was taken aback by this and had no answer.

"Tell me it isn't trueTell me this BB or whatever, is just trying to destroy us." She cried.

I looked at her, pain in my heart, because I couldn't tell her all she needed to hear. My fists clenched tight, my nails digging into my palms.

"What happened to my father, Levi?" Her voice came again.

I raised my gaze to her.

*Why was I speechless*?

I needed to speak. To tell her my side of the story. But I couldn't.

Then I saw her move away, crossing to her closet. She brought down clothes and a suitcase and started packing them in. I frowned.

*What was she doing?*

"What are you doing?" My voice was thick as I crossed to meet her. She ignored me, continuing with her packing.

Frustrated, I pulled her. Pressed her close to me.

"Let me go!" She fiercely spat, her eyes red. I really saw her pain, but I didn't know how to alleviate it. *How could I heal what I had inflicted?*

Caressing her face, I spoke gently. "If you are planning to leave, you can't." I was quiet.

"I would, because you no longer have a hold on me. I am independent now." She sneered. I was in no mood to argue. I was exhausted and I needed to rest. But most of all, I needed her here with me.

"You don't know me, Baby." My tone dropped. Menacing. All that cuddly bullshit disappeared. I needed her to get this into her stubborn head.

"If you leave me, I'd show you who I really am." I didn't want to scare her. But this was my last resort.

"You see this as a shackle right? Look behind the shackles of our marriage and see the demon that you are bound to." I snarled.

I pressed her closer. "I don't mind shooting every member of your family, just to make my point clear." I informed her.

Kenya paled. I had no idea how she didn't scream. How she didn't pull away. She just helplessly stared.

My heart ripped to shreds, seeing her like that. I could see her heart in her beautiful eyes. The same eyes that had revered me, hours ago. That had loved me.

Now they were filled with disdain. With a revulsion I never knew possible.

"How do you sleep at night?" Her voice broke. She stifled a sob, trying to be strong. "I can't believe I love you. I can't believe you used those same lips to love me, hours ago. Loving me every night since I succumbed to you. I was a fool." She pulled away, sinking to the floor.

She brought her legs up to her chest, crouched there. Sobbing heavily. I sat down beside her, not reaching for her. Letting her cry. Even though I was guilty of many things, I couldn't claim a trophy for the crime against her father. She needed that truth from me. All the others were mine to keep. To die with.

I just fought death for her, only to have her snatched from me, in seconds. I couldn't let that. Yet I had no idea how to save this.

"I wasn't responsible for your dad's death." I started. I had no idea if she heard me, but she deserved this truth. "My father was. I am only paying for his sins and I don't even know why." My throat was constricted, but I forced words out.

"I got to know that Carson Mines, was opened by dad, years ago. He used it to carry out illegal mining activities for diamonds and other minerals in these countries. Your father's birth country was unfortunately one of them. Someone investigated me and dug this out" My voice broke. Came out hoarse.

"When I got hold of the documents, I immediately issued a disclaimer. Denouncing any involvement with the company and its operatorsI didn't know how to face youwhen I saw your dad's name. And I couldn't let it get to you. I was trying to protect you from this"

"My legAll these years. The humiliation, constant disdain. All because of your father. My mum and sister almost diedAll because of his heinous activitiesYet you aren't any different. And you ask why you had to pay for his sins." Her glare, fiery. Her venom explicit. I couldn't bear her hate. Her love was best.

"It's because you aren't any different. You are just as much of a monster as he was."
###chapter 111: Best for Last…
***Levi.***

***February 13th, 18 years earlier***

A drop gone wrong.
I smiled darkly, knowing the eventual outcome. Watching the scene before my eyes. My plan unfolding as I plotted it.
I had finally let Rowan in on the deal. Got him involved with very wealthy dealers in Detroit. Demanding dealers, of I was permitted to say. Everything was going smoothly. The drop set for February 5th. Rowan was completely elated, knowing that the dealers were ready to pay millions for the packages of ice he was offering. Even coke.

I was neutral. Watching from the sidelines. Viewing the entire drama. My personal soap.

The dealers sent one of their men to ensure we followed through. He called himself 'The Contact.'

*These guys.*

I even suggested that Black Pea made the trip.

That was eight days ago.

Four days later and the dealers in Detroit hadn't received the drop. They grew pensive and threatened to smoke Rowan for reneging on a deal. I watched the frenzy, knowing that my plan was running smoothly.

Then Black Pea was nowhere to be found and neither was the middle man.
The Ice and coke, equally gone.

Rowan was incensed, combing the entire Big Apple for both men. He even placed a bounty on their heads.

Then three days ago, someone revealed their hideout. A beat down motel in Kalamazoo. They were heading for Florida, when the bounty hunters caught them. Dragging them over here.

"Please, please, don't do this man. I swear I didn't mean to go against your orders. I" A sharp scream followed the words, the echoes from the building shrilling the night.

"Levi, Finish this. I don't want this mother fucker in my eyes one minute longer." Rowan ordered, quietly.

The words a familiar sing song. I rose from where I had been sitting on a broken table, mindlessly watching the entire scene. Knowing that I had set the smoke that had trapped the rat. *Black Pea.*

You see, I had ensured a rumor reached Black Pea that I was going to kill him, if he didn't escape. That I was going to ensure Rowan knew the truth about what truly went down that night in Detroit. No one knew that truth but me. My truth. However, I had spread word around. I made my loyalists fill Black Pea's head with ideas of him making the cut with someone better.
And he had bought it. I had seen desperation in his eyes the moment he had received the packages. 

Drawing closer now, my steps taken in slow strides, I reached the screaming man, who was hung upside down from a rope. My eyes turned stone cold, my lips thin as I observed the man. Writhing and alarmed. Worrying his bonds, he whimpered. Recognition in his eyes as he saw me.

"Please, LeviPlease. Ask him to give me another chance. It was Black PeaBlack Pea suggested the drop to Ice Fred, for better cutYou know I wouldn't do bad on him, man." The contact desperately pleaded.

Pulling my blade, the light catching the fire that burned in a beat up barrel, I sneered.

"No one but him, calls me Levi here." I growled, quietly. "And as for Black Pea, he's own is coming."

At the horrorstruck look on the whimpering man's face, I grinned, darkly.

With a precise stroke, my blade sliced the man's throat. A deep gurgling sound, quieting the night. The others that surrounded the fire, standing horrorstruck, staring at me with apprehensive eyes.

The dealers from Detroit had asked Rowan handled both men as he deemed fit. And he had assigned me to the job. I saved the best for last.
After Rowan ensured Black Pea was beat down to a pulp, he ordered I took over. Finished Black Pea. He actually announced that I was his most reliable man at the moment.

The only one he could trust.

I was able to mask my shock at that announcement. Feigning indifference. I watched the entire time Black Pea was tortured. His entire face morphed into colors before my eyes.

A sick grin climbed my face, as I strolled to Black Pea. Strapped, gagged.
He didn't look good at all. Some of his fingers were scattered on the floor. A few teeth were out. I wasn't sure he would have looked human again, even if he did live.

He whimpered, his mouth gagged. He smelled pungent. Urine. I was expressionless, watching him. Rowan wasn't looking. He was barking over the phone to another of his clients. This incident set him back a bit.
Crouching low, I leaned into Black Pea's face. I didn't mind the smell that oozed from him.

"You remember when you had me like this. Helpless. Well revenge they say is best served cold." I snickered.

My voice was dropped low for only the both of us to hear. No one knew anything but the both of us. I liked the secrecy. It gave me an edge over him.

As I watched him, his face swollen. All purple and blue and green. A jagged gash on his right side. One eye unrecognizable, I was incensed.

The fact that I had joined this gang, because I was desperate to, gave none of them any rights to treat me like fuck. And they had. Seen me as a weak link they needed to take out. A spoilt brat that didn't know pain or suffering.

And now, I knew pain. Knew the ache of betrayal. The depth humans were willing to go to ensure that their sick games continued. That they continued to oppress others. Making them plead for every bit of life. I knew now that humans wanted to always be in control. And I was never going to lose that.

*Control*.

I was forever going to be in control. Starting with taking over this tuff.

Pulling out my flick blade, my new favorite weapon, the blade gleaming, I gouged out Black Pea's eyes. And finally slit his throat.
###chapter 112:  I Like You…
  
***Kenya.***

***February, A few months earlier***

I woke up this morning and had a terrible dream that a monster, the face so frightening came for me. He was a handsome angel at first. Seductive. Then his true face showed and I needed redemption. That was the moment another monster came. This one didn't hide his nature. He saved me from the first monster.

Walking to Byron's I couldn't dispel the unease the dream had caused. I even phoned mum and she asked me to pray about it. I did. And I am sure God would handle it. I reached the studio and immediately jumped into rehearsals.

We were practicing for a show next week and I needed to bring my full concentration, so that I'd be selected for the show in May.

Andrea spared me a look as she danced and I pulled a tongue for her. We became close since I joined the company. Actually we both joined the company at the same time. Both best students at our institutions.

After practice, we went to Bloom Café. I was tired, hungry and watched Andrea and Mike as they kissed. Rory was beside me, his knees innocuously against mine. He was handsome and very lean. All the girls vied for his attention at work. But I only saw a great guy, with his great blonde locks. He was equally a great dancer, with very tight buns.

"Hi."
Everyone on our table turned to the sound of the voice. A tall man stood before us. Wearing a green hoodie and blue denims that gave him a bad boy look, he was easy on the eyes. His eyes, black orbs, fell on me, lingering.

Flustered, I averted my gaze.

"Can I talk to you?" He spoke. Rory nudged my elbow and I was shocked to see he was referring to me. I swallowed. *He wanted to talk to me?*

*Of course he did. I was human.*

I followed him, puzzled.

We walked to an empty table, taking seats. He asked what I wanted and I just decided to go for coffee.

While we waited for our orders, he spoke.

"My name is Hank Hera. I've been watching you anytime I and my buddies come this way," he said. I looked at him, smiling.

"Something funny?" He asked.

"Your name has a ring to it. Hank Hera." I smiled again. I was trying to ease my tension. When I looked back at him, he had a frown on his face. I didn't understand it. Perhaps he didn't like jokes.

"I was joking," I said. He raised a cocky brow. And I knew he didn't take jokes.

Our coffee arrived and I saw a worried look from my friends. I waved them off with a nod and they calmed down.

"Your friends are worried," he said. I looked at his fair face, his freckles. Cute freckles on his nose. I liked them.

Seeing that he was waiting for my answer, I nodded. I got distracted.

So, here I was with a very handsome stranger, who barely knew how to smile. Looking at me like I was this dessert that could fill his belly. I couldn't even keep my wits together anymore.

"I like you. I want to ask you out."

*Wow*.

I stared at him. I think for a few seconds I couldn't find my voice. He gave me a look, which I recognized all too well. *The one that said you should thank me now; I just asked you out.*

I inhaled a steady breath. "As much as I would have loved to say yes to you, I can't."

He gave me a questioning look. "Boyfriend or something?"

I didn't. Never have. "No. In case you haven't noticed; I have a limp. A bad hip. So I don't think we suit."

Andy said my self-deprecation was modest sometimes; other times it was damn right infuriating.

"All I see is a beautiful girl that I want to take out." He held my gaze.

Thirteen words that just weakened me.

If I wasn't so reserved, I would have said,

'*Wow, take me out any day.*'

But I was really a reserved girl. Still a virgin at my age. I watched porn, saw the things that happened between men and women. Craved it, actually, anytime I touched my skin. Anytime I bathed. I didn't know how to touch myself. I was preserving my entire self for my future husband.

"So, what do you say, beautiful?" He asked. I melted. Shy this time. He called me beautiful. "I work at a five-star restaurant. A sous chef. I can get us reservations. Just say when and we do this."

Hmm. Impressive. A chef. "What restaurant?" I asked.

Aiming for erasing the pleasure of having him interested in me.

"La Chère. Have you been there before?" He asked. I shook my head. I wasn't an outdoor person. Rarely hung out. Apart from lunch with my friends.

"I've passed it a few times, but I've never been there," I said.

He nodded smugly. It was like he found that a pointer for himself.

"So do you accept to go out on a date with me?" He repeated his question.

I watched him and suddenly entertained the idea of going out on a date with him. I didn't mind having this handsome hunk by my side, walking down the streets. Hand in hand.

I even nursed the idea of having him as my boyfriend, if things progressed. I was getting ahead of myself here. I needed to contain my excitement.

My gaze fell on his firm lips. A set of nude toned lips.

"I'd love that." I informed him. He nodded ecstatically and I would have shared in his joy. But there was only one flaw.

"How come you haven't asked me my name, and you wish to go out with me?"

He stared at me, stunned. Realization hitting him.

I already regretted saying yes, even before the first date.
###chapter 113: Staying away …
  
***Kenya.***

***Present day, August 31st***

His words were meaningless now. I wanted him to leave the room. But he didn't. We just sat there. Me crying, him sitting beside me. The night seeping away.

I wanted to lean into him, draw strength from him. But I couldn't, because he was the reason I was currently in this condition.

*A man like his father.*

Taking extreme measures, not caring the consequences. I didn't need to ask another word from him. All I needed was to sleep this ache away.

He was right next to me. Silently assessing me. I hated him.

"I am not going to remain married to you emotionally, Levi. Only on paper," I said, not sparing him a glance. He gave no reaction, only watched me.

"No commitments. Nothing more expected of me." I hated that he wasn't giving any reaction. I hated that my words didn't have the desired effect on him.

He was silent.

My eyes finally on him and I met his stare. We stayed silent. Just watching. The air heavy. A crackling tension. An undercurrent of loss, pain, regret, betrayal, hate. Tearing us. 

"How long will you be able to manage that?" He asked, breaking the heavy silence. His eyes, narrowed on me. I frowned, confused.

"Manage what?" I asked, tersely. He grinned, devilishly.

"Staying away." He dangled before me.

I stilled. Infuriated at his audacity.

I was aching. Realizing that he was never going to repent. He was going to remain the monster. Just like his father had been. He was going to keep me forever drowned in his evil secrets. Only letting me get consumed by his true form; the devil in a handsome flesh.

"Soon you'd begin to crack." His voice pulled me back to him. "You'd crave me. My touches, my kisses. It would be like you're suffering withdrawals. Like your entire world is crashing around you. And you'd need me. What would you do then? Fuck other me? They wouldn't satisfy you. They wouldn't give you what I have given." He was tormenting me. My torturer.

"I would do whatever I deem fit. I'd fuck whoever I want, when the time comes." I spat, bitterly. He regarded me with a dark look. One that shook me.

"I'd like to see you try."

His words held such finality. No argument, because he knew he had already won. He didn't fight me. He just regarded me with a dark grin.

After a few seconds, he rose from the floor. Levi had no compassion in his eyes. He didn't even ache, seeing me distressed.

*Would he have ever fallen for me? Or had I being playing with a flame that would eventually sear my heart?*

Taking off his top clothes, ensuring his eyes watched me as he did so, he went to his closet. He returned and placed some medication packets on the night stand, grabbing a glass. Fetching some water, he popped pills in his mouth.

His entire torso was exposed. I took him in. Chiseled, his arms tight. His 'V' narrowed into his slacks. His throat worked magically, drinking the water. I imagined him drinking my cum. I clenched my thighs. My eyes following the water trailing down his throat, down his chest. I swallowed.

He knew what he was doing. Seducing me. Making his point clear. My eyes drifted to his wound, which made him look dangerously appealing.

*What was wrong with me?* I was doing what he had predicted.

When I raised my eyes to his face again, I found him watching me. A knowing look on his face. His action had been deliberate.

Silently, Levi returned the glass to the night stand and climbed into bed.

After a few seconds, I climbed in after him. My body tired, I slipped out of my robe, lying in bed. Backing him. I scooted to the side. Not wanting his touch. Tears flowing down and I drifted into sleep.

I didn't know how long I was asleep for, when I instinctively reached for Levi. Finding him right where I wanted him. Behind me. His solid form against me, pressed tight. No space between us. His hand was draped possessively over my waist. His breath even as he slept.

I pressed my arse against him, until I felt his hard cock. He groaned in his sleep. I wanted to banish the nightmares that threatened me. To dispel this pain.

"Do you want me?" His voice, warm. I gasped, nodding to his voice. He pressed closer. I heard his zipper. My heart quickening in my chest. "You can have me. I wouldn't deprive you. It's only you that would be depriving us of us."

He had won. I couldn't escape him.

I reached my hand for him, touching his cock, which he had already released. He was hard. I was wet. Tears slipped down my eyes at the depth of feelings I had for him. Yet he was this evil. And I still craved him. I exiled those thoughts. Not letting them root in my mind, in my desires.

I felt his fingers worry the hem of my panties. I gasped. I pressed closer and he slipped a finger into me.

"You're already wet for me. Do you want to come for me, Baby?" He whispered. I nodded frantically. My mind spinning. His weight shifted on the bed and I felt his hard cock fill my entrance. He was taking me from behind, like this. I liked it.

Soon, Levi was buried to the hilt inside me. My hips rocking to him. Our sounds filling the room. Our bodies linked, taking and giving. I pushed forward, pressing further into him. He gasped sharply. I feared I had hurt him. But he stayed me, pressing further into me. The angle sent me to instant climax. I shuddered.

He continued pumping me, until we released simultaneously.

He pressed his lips into my neck, whispering.

"Admit it, you wouldn't be able to stay away
###chapter 114: Memorable September…
  
***Kenya.***

***Two weeks later***

Levi had been correct about one thing. I suffered withdrawals.

Unfortunately, his prediction had omitted one detail; *my stubbornness.*
When I succumbed to him that first night, two weeks ago, I knew I was doomed. Rather than allow myself suffer his seductions anymore, I had remedied it.

Early the next morning, I got up. Asking the driver to take me to the Ruthford mansion.

Levi hadn't come after me, even though I was certain he had known my whereabouts. He just let me be. I must confess I had found that comforting, knowing I didn't have to confront my hate for him, every day. Knowing I didn't have to breathe in the same air.
I didn't even mind the distance I had to cover every day, coming to work. It was easier.

We barely attended public appearances together. And I think people were already talking. Yet I didn't bother. I don't think he did either. I believe it was easier for him, not facing guilt.

I didn't blame him for his father's actions. I didn't even judge him. But I couldn't ignore the fact that he had learned such a crucial information about his father's atrocities, and had chosen to sweep it off. Banishing it, like it never happened. Obviously that was the reason that person claimed the Journalist had gone missing. And I could bet that he was responsible for that. He hadn't even attempted to console the victims' families.

Now that was my issue. His own faults. Why did he have to succumb to such heights like his father had. Why did he have to go to such extremities.

I wondered what happened to his first wife. I didn't know anything about him and I feared him. He was my nightmare come to pass. The boogey man.

"Kenya. We've gathered the older kids. What time do we audition them?" Andrea's voice came through the door.

I raised my eyes to her. It was September and we needed to begin auditions for the kids that were to participate in *Thorns.*

The school was finally in full session. Classes were every Saturday, except during holidays, when they attended three times a week. Mondays, Thursdays and Saturdays. I was hoping that as time progressed, days will be added.

Thirty male and female kids in all; ranging from ages 7 to 16. I needed my mind together to work, or else, I was going to make mistakes.

"Just give me a minute Andy. Let me finish with this email." I was sending an email to Alan's production team, in regard to my proposed date of arrival. I was checking in tomorrow, Sunday.

Shooting was beginning in Baltimore on Monday the 16th and I needed to check in my flight itinerary with them.

When I finally looked at the scripts, weeks ago, I had felt excited knowing we were shooting in Baltimore. I had even nursed the idea of seeing Alec, while I was around. The only problem was I wasn't certain how he would take me checking up on him. Well it couldn't hurt to try.

It was late into 4pm, before we finished assessing the students. All very impressive students, I couldn't be prouder.

Classes dismissed for the day, we sat to deliberate on the students to be selected. They were all very talented kids and it hurt to know that only the best was needed for the show.

"What is going to happen to the other kids that aren't selected? Wouldn't that break their hearts?" One of the tutors asked.
I had already considered that.

"We will encourage them to work hard. Reminding them that we are not only in this for the winnings. We are also here to have fun and socialize." I smiled at the tutor. She seemed to welcome my suggestion.

"I would also add, if you don't mind," Andrea said. We turned to her. "Can we organize a different show of our own, so that all the other kids can participate. Something simple and fun. An encouragement."

I thought about the idea. It was excellent and the kids will definitely feel a sense of welcome.

"That would be nice, Andrea. I'd leave that to you. Do you have a show in mind?" I asked. She smiled, enthusiastically.

"A Nutcracker's Christmas." She beamed, barely able to contain herself. I nodded in appreciation and we talked on how to begin the routines for rehearsals of both shows.

Alone in my office, preparing to depart, so I could go rest for my flight tomorrow, I picked up my phone and texted K. C. I hadn't heard from him in a while and I suddenly felt like chatting with anyone but Levi. He didn't respond. So I took out my phone and Alec's card and dialed his number. It rang and on the second ring, he picked.

"Cruso here." His voice came over the phone. I stilled. *God what was I to say*? I grew nervous.

"Hello?" His voice came again.

"Alec. Hi. It's Kenya." I breathed. God I was nervous. There was a brief silence, before he replied.

"Kenya. I never expected you to callActually I waited and almost gave up," he quietly said. I allowed his voice warm me. I still found him attractive even after all these years. Perhaps my recent hurt pushed me to seek comfort in someone normal.

"I was busy. Sorry." I apologized. He chuckled.

"It's okay. Happy you finally called. This your number?" He asked.

"Yes. Didn't my name show?"

"No This is actually my office number you picked. My cell is the second number." He corrected. I laughed, nervously. I was silly. I hadn't even noticed.

"I wanted to inform you that I'd be coming to Baltimore tomorrow. Is there a chance we can hook up, while am there? Perhaps show me around."
"Certainly," he enthusiastically said. I felt relieved, delighted. "Just give me a call when you arrive and I'd give you a memorable September."

"Alright."
###chapter 115: The King Of New York…
  
***Levi.***

***The following day***

I sat in the VIP lounge at Quincy, nursing the glass of wine that the waiter had poured for me, minutes ago. A number of thoughts should have crossed my mind, but I expelled them. Choosing my misery.

It was 6:30, Sunday evening and the entire lounge stirred with life. However, I didn't see them. I only saw the emptiness I felt. The emptiness that had become me, in recent days.

When I woke up the following morning after Kenya's party, It hadn't surprised me to hear from the driver he had dropped her off in Irvington. I hadn't even felt incensed. I allowed her. If it gave her peace, I didn't mind.

I was aware she currently hated my guts. I did too, so I wasn't upset at her.

Blake had a team searching the footages for which of the guests had intercepted Kenya that night. No uninvited guest had attended that night.

My phone rang in my pocket and I pulled it out to see Liam's name on the screen.

"Hey am around your office. Are you in?" Liam asked.

"No. I left a few minutes ago. Meet me at Quincy's." I informed him.

"Alright. See you there."

He hung up and I returned to nursing my drink and my sore emotions. I couldn't even understand what hurt more. The fact that she found out I was a monster, or that I was no different from my father.

I felt bitter thinking of him.

He had been a loving man towards us. Sadly, his weaknesses had overruled his better judgement as a father and husband. Extremely ambitious. Desperate for control. Kenya was right, I was like him.

Over the years, I had climbed so high. Accumulating such power and wealth that rivaled even the top men of the world. I was one King that didn't intimidate others, unless necessary.

Yet, my sins had come back to haunt me.

Feared among the dark lords in the world. Impervious to matters of the heart. I was finally brought to my knees by a woman.

Back then, I thought Belle had done me in. But Kenya, Kenya was a conjurer of spells that wielded her powers without any efforts.

"Levi. Where's your head? I've been calling." Liam called behind me. I turned to him. I didn't even know he had arrived. I looked at my phone, seeing his missed calls.

He sat. "What's up. You don't look too good." Liam noticed. I knew I looked bad, but I didn't know It was obvious. My tie was loosened around my neck.

"Trouble with the Mrs?" Liam teased. When I didn't smile, he grew serious. "Oh. Sorry about that. Anything I can help with?" He asked.

I shook my head. "Unless you can somehow turn back time, undoing what my father did." I breathed, finally sipping my wine. A strong Italian blend.
A waiter came to equally pour a glass for Liam.

"What are you doing here, by the way?" I asked, attempting to ease the tension. He silently regarded me.

"Where is your wife now?" Liam asked. I didn't want to talk about Kenya. I wanted to push that to the back of my mind for now, but I couldn't. She was everywhere.

"In Baltimore. She left today for a movie shoot. My men there say she's arrived." I looked at Liam.

I knew what he felt. I was pathetic. Liam didn't do emotions. One mother fucker that buried his in all the grief he suffered years ago. His well-kept secret.

Exhaling, Liam spoke. "Look the way I see it; you either get hold of the situation or fail. Either way. I never thought I would see the day the King of New York got nailed by a woman."

I tried for expressionless. But even I couldn't deny Liam's observation. I was ruined.

"What brought you here." I changed the topic.

"There's a hit on the King of New York." Liam showed me his phone. I stared at him doubtfully, before I lowered my gaze to the screen.

Surely a message on his screen was to all the dark lords, declaring I be brought down at all cost. I stared at the screen for seconds. My blood boiling in anger. BB had ordered it. Now I wanted to kill this person.

"What does BB mean? And who is he? Any ideas?" I asked, darkly. Liam shook his head.

"No man. We just got this message in our devices. And we don't know who sent it. Some of the guys are trying to find out. But it's like the person uses an encrypted means to reach others." Liam revealed. My eyes bore holes in that message.

"So what did the others say? Why haven't they started bringing me down. Surely someone there must hate my guts." I scoffed.

"Someone does. But that doesn't signify. They all prefer a King they know and not a faceless person." I didn't know whether I should feel relief at that declaration.

"There's more. He has added a condition to the hit." Liam took his phone, highlighting something on the screen again, before he returned it. I froze as I read the words.

*Step Down from Elections, before the candidacy withdrawal deadline of October seventh.*

Those words stared back at me. I scowled. This was ridiculous.

"What does this have to do with the elections?" I asked, impatiently. Liam shrugged.

"The way I see it, we have to dig on this and fast. We would have blamed Crompton, but the man is clean. We all investigated him and the other candidates, remember."

I knew that. But someone was out to ruin me. To make my life a living hell. They had almost killed me and now they toyed with Kenya.

"Just be careful for now. Ensure your wife takes caution. Double the guards for her, because if this person could do a number on you in Columbia, then he is out for blood."
###chapter 116: Warning Shot…
  
***Levi.***

***July, 16 years earlier***

I stared mindlessly at the men around the table. Tonight, my eyes took in these brutes. Men who I suspected had killed Tina, weeks ago. But I had no evidence.

A girl like me, who had found herself on the wrong side of the world.

A rich kid, who had resulted to whoring for a living.

We met one night at a club down Queens. My eyes clouded in smoke, she had come around seeking a patron for the night. Beautiful. Her eyes twinkling under the techno lights. She grabbed a seat. We talked. Shared a few drinks and we went to my room in a motel nearby.

I was 19 now. I had proceeded to rent and furnish an apartment in SoHo for Mum and I. Always returned to the apartment on weekends to be with mum.

When it was time to have sex, I didn't. Not like she wasn't attractive or anything. But I heard her story and by the time she offered me sex, I wanted to be her knight. She was 17 and had already done so much. I couldn't add to her pile.

We slept in that night, and she had been shocked. Wondered how I saw her and didn't see her. I had only kissed her head, promising to be her protector.

But I failed. She was dead now. Raped and burned by acid. And it was one of these animals that had done that. Her pimp, Rhino, I was sure had a hand in her death.

"What are you thinking about. Stop staring at them like you want to eat them. Tina is dead." Rowan warned. I looked at him.

We were in the basement of a casino in Queens, having a meeting with all the top dark lords.

There was a hit on one of the kingpins and they needed to discuss it. I was Rowan's right hand man now and we attended almost every meeting together.

I was staring at men, who she had always complained about. Men who had abused her. And I was certain that most of them had been involved in her death.

Turning away from Rowan, I focused on the discussions.

Rowan had stopped me from further investigations and I had hated him for it, ever since.

I was renowned now as Rowan's stealthiest assassin. Killing without a trace. And I was paid heavily by Rowan for it. The men assigned me and five others to go on the mission; assassinating the kingpin.

A popular crime boss, who had accumulated more enemies than necessary.
He had become a threat to the others. Double crossing, causing wars. It was like he was creating a new set of rules. Dragging the cops on us.

Walking to the car, I heard voices around a corner of the casino and slowed.

Inching closer, I eavesdropped and saw Rowan heatedly discussing with a man who used to be one of Tina's abusive patrons. The man had his face averted, but I was certain.

"I don't care what has to be done. I saw the way that boy glared at me. It was like he knew something about that girl's death." The man spat. I frowned, listening.

"They were close. I told you all that night not to have fallen for Rhino's sick game. So don't blame the kid"

"Don't sound self-righteous, Rowan. You fucked her as well. The only thing was you left as soon as we began bathing her in acid." The man tersely cut in.

I froze.

"And worse, you enjoyed her the most, because you were first. The rest of us had her by the time she was soiled by you."

I tried to move. But my limbs were rooted to the concrete.

"Still. Don't blame the kid. Let him ease his grief on his own terms," Rowan said.

There was silence. Blood rushed in my ears.

"I want that kid dead. He's going to pose trouble for us. And I don't want that. I've got too much to lose in the society." The man turned slowly and I saw his face clearly.

Montague. Chairman of the medical board in St Doves Hospital, New York. A prestigious man, who preached of core social values and preservation of life in the society. Underground, he was the scum of the earth. Executing dealings that broke his bank accounts overseas.

I had known of his constant abuse of his whores and Tina had always come to me with those bruises. But confirming that he was part of the gang that
murdered Tina, was entirely a different matter.

I turned my eyes to Rowan, who backed me. His posture stiffened. I had been with him long enough now to know when he was displeased.

"I like that kid, Montague. I want him as my successor. I'd only send him a warning shot. Nothing more. What you all did to that girl was despicable. And not because of the kid's sensibilities. But because she was human as well."

I wanted to soften my ire at Rowan's confession. But I blocked him out. Focusing on the truth.

"You have done worse. What changed?"

"My mother was gang raped, killed before my eyes. And getting to know this kid, I see a boy who braced death like I did, to stand out among low lives. To survive. I wouldn't hurt him for any of you." Rowan announced, ruefully.

His words surprised the other man.
I was shocked to hear this side of Rowan. Almost rethinking my current hate. Perhaps he was pushed to these actions, just to properly identify with these men. Perhaps because he had no choice, like me. His need to rise above the slum that called him. Still it gave no justification for a man such as himself, who had watched his mother's suffering, to cause a girl the same.

I suddenly saw Tina's unrecognizable body flash before my eyes and I erased all regard for Rowan.
###chapter 117: Brave…
  
***Kenya.***

***Present day***

*Whoever knew shooting a movie could be difficult?*

I never knew the words 'repeat scene again,' could be so irritating.

Finishing my shoot for the day, I went to freshen up in my cabin. It was Monday, 16th September. First day of shoot.

At two in the afternoon I was tired, my legs barely climbing out of the trailer to walk into the cab.

I had another shoot on Wednesday and I was to practice tomorrow with the choreographer. Today's scene was just my character, Katrina, dancing absently in the rain. Fascinated by the entire set.

In the car, I took out my phone and saw missed calls and texts from Alec, Andrea and a text from K.C. I felt nervous finally getting a text from K.C.

Phoning Alec, he gave me directions where to meet tonight for dinner. I was relieved he allowed me rest.

Andy's message was more of an update on how rehearsals were going. She was in charge, while I was away. She equally told me of some emails she sent that needed me.

***K.C: Hey Beautiful. How have you been? Sorry I haven't been responding to your messages. Had an overseas assignment for work. How have things been with you? And is your husband still making you cry?***

I stared back at his last enquiry. For hours I had managed to banish all displeasing thoughts of Levi. Only good ones streamed in. Like his smile, his jokes. Now my heart felt sad again.

***Me: He's in New York. I am in Baltimore. We had another fight.***

Tears slipped down my eyes. I couldn't deny I missed Levi. But I couldn't continue to live, feeling threatened for my life. Not like he had ever hurt me. Still, I couldn't ignore the fears. *What if he someday did?*

***K.C: Should you be with a man that causes you pain? These days, marriages are easier to leave.***

I understood his words. But I didn't even want to consider them. Leaving Levi would be leaving a part of me.

***Me: I only need distractions. I don't want to leave him.***

***K.C: Okay. I'd gladly be your distraction.***

He told me about his work. His family. Working for an oil company stationed in Alberta. He usually came home to New York to be with his parents and sometimes do some works in New York for his company. He sent me photos of him and I couldn't deny he was good looking.

Even when I reached my hotel suite, we continued chatting. I wanted to call, but he said he was at work. Stealing moments to chat. Would call back when he was free. I found that reassuring. I tried resting and couldn't. I was happy.

In a beautiful hotel, courtesy Alan. Would be with an old friend in a few minutes. I smiled. At least something normal for a change.

Mum called. We talked a bit and I had to keep dismissing her inquiries about Levi. I told her I was in Baltimore working on the movie and she was ecstatic. Giving me peace about Levi. We talked about Amanda and I was happy to learn that she was better. The doctors suspected a psychological event or something.

I finally fell asleep and woke up when my phone blared with Alec's calls. He was already on his way to the restaurant. Hurriedly, I got ready.
Picking a beautiful, pink maxi gown, just to distract eyes from my limp. During filming today, I had felt cautious about it. Somehow Levi's words had filtered into my ears, encouraging me.

'*You're beautiful.'*

He was the only man I wanted to see me as beautiful. But I couldn't, because he was unrepentant.

I reached Mystic on Clipper Park Road, a few minutes later. A classy restaurant. I had looked up the reviews online and had been impressed. Their Lebanese dishes were well talked about. I loved great Lebanese cuisine.

Alec cleaned up nice. Dressed in a white blazer, white shirt and black slacks. His hair tussled, he looked good. We sat down and ordered our Lebanese Shish Tawook dishes. Mine, extra spicy.

By the time our dishes arrived, we had talked of so much. Alec making me laugh till my ribs cracked. I never knew he was funny.

Currently doing his residency in Pediatrics.

"So why go into Pediatrics Medicine?" I asked, my mouth full. "I never saw you to be a Hopkins enthusiast. You were always the bad boy, back in high school."

My words seemed to amuse him as he struggled to suppress his laughs. He sipped his wine, gulping down his giggles.

Holding my eyes, his intense stare boring into me, he spoke.

"My grandma always admired doctors, when she was alive. She used to wish that one of her kids had become one. But none had. Chose the family shipping business over saving lives," he said.

There was sadness in his voice as I listened. He had this charming voice pulling me in. Reassuring me that everything would be fine. No wonder his field of practice. I wish I was a kid and he was my doctor.

"Treating grownups wasn't a challenge to me. I wanted something that would link me to my inner self, which had been buried under dad's years of disparagement. I wanted to feel useful to people who barely knew their own voice," he said. A smile, which didn't touch his eyes, danced on his lips.

"That's brave," I said, appreciatively.

Here was a man, who had been injured by his father; deprived, belittled and yet he hadn't taken the wide road. He had chosen life. To be brave. Standing strong and saving little ones. Giving them hope. Their Superman or Batman. I just couldn't describe the admiration for him. Getting into his heart. Alec wasn't was more than I expected. Kind and brave.

And most importantly, he was currently staring at me, like I was the only girl in the world.
###chapter 118: Virginia…
  
***Levi.***

***December 23rd, 16 years earlier***

"I can't believe what's happening! Fifteen Kingpins of New York, dead. And worse dying from unknown causes." Rowan hysterically cried. He was agitated, pacing back and forth.

Both of us were in the middle of his office in his Buena Vista mansion, Virginia. The place he went to hide, whenever things got heated. I watched him, silently. My face, expressionless. He turned to me and I saw fear in his eyes. Raw fear. One laced with frustration at his pathetic situation.

The Kingpins and most of their men were dropping dead like flies. The autopsy reports blamed the cause of deaths on a strong and undetectable, poisonous substance. I didn't need a soothsayer to know that their organization had collapsed. Rowan was the last man standing. And he was fucking frightened.

Montague died five days ago, prompting Rowan to lay low. He, his friends, his men and whores were found dead at his L.A home, where there had been an exclusive orgy party. The death was mysterious as well as humiliating to his family. The entire media abuzz with the exposed truth of Montague. An immoral man, who turned out to be a stark contrast to whom he paraded himself as in the society.

No one had attended his funeral, because of the shame. Only his close family relations had.

There was a warm fire burning in the grate tonight. Killing the winter chill outside. Rowan's hand trembled as he grabbed the glass of whiskey on his desk. He took a sip and finally finished it. He had been drinking from that decanter of whiskey for the past half an hour. Trying to ward of the nervousness that swamped him. He gave me furtive glances, here and there. Hoping I said something. But I didn't. I was only impassive.

He sank into his seat, exhaling heavily. He had been coughing for days and he was worried. The doctor was called in yesterday and he announced that Rowan was fine.
Rowan had never spoken to me about any family members. No kids. No wife. Just him and his empire. I didn't envy his life at all. I didn't envy any of their lives.

I only saw a man that had cloaked himself in such depravity. Accumulated immense power and had forgotten one thing that we were all dust. And that even the ground we treaded upon, was borrowed. Our life wasn't ours.

My eyes were on him as he shut his eyes briefly. Easing into the warmth of the room. The cozy room, reminiscent of a renaissance wonder. The vastness of the place, rivaled any home I had ever seen.

Suddenly, Rowan stiffened on the seat and began coughing uncontrollably. He reached for water and I rose to offer him a glass. He gulped it and the cough didn't lessen. Rather, it grew worse. He began panting. His breath coming out in wheezes. Short, difficult gasps. I calmly watched him, returning to the seat.

Rowan tried to talk, but he couldn't. His eyes were bloodshot and he struggled to breathe. Grabbing his throat.

"Le-Levi" The last syllable came out as a gurgling sound. I locked gazes with him. Seeing his panicked expression. Pain searing him. But I didn't flinch.

"Strychnine. Undetectable." I rose up, coming to crouch beside Rowan, who fell to the floor. He looked wide eyed at me. There was still confusion in his gaze.

"Each one of you. Lethal doses." My tone clipped, I leaned in. His glare came out as a pathetic look now.

"After I heard you and Montague confess to how you raped and murdered Tina; not to talk of the warning shot you had proposed. I couldn't have let you live. You see in this game, there can only emerge the survivors. There can only emerge one true king," I said.

A look crossed his face. His eyes growing tensed. He raised his head a bit, before his eyes rolled back. His head falling backward. Slowly he grew limp. His breathing slowing, before my eyes.

Finally, he grew still.

I gasped. Staring hard at him. Too frozen to make a step. I had seen countless men die before my feet, since I entered this gang. But Rowan, Rowan's death stunned me. Because I knew who he was. The most menacing of them all.

He was the last Kingpin of New York and he was finally dead. His lifeless form before me.

I panted heavily, falling back on my arse. Staring at his motionless body. His eyes were opened wide in his sockets.

After that night I had overheard their discussion, I had returned to my motel, struggling to come to terms with their confession. I had cried, bitterly. My heart calling for vengeance. But I needed a clear head to operate. These guys were all crime bosses with their extremely deadly organization. They couldn't be taken down without proper research and planning.

So I had taken my time. Built my own underground network that comprised of my own loyalists. I had researched on the bosses. Finding their weaknesses and strengths. I had gone for stealth.

Accidentally coming across an article about the venomous Black widow and its deadly venom, I grew interested.

Curiously, I had researched into poisons. Sending coded enquiries to my pal, Mendoza about poisonous substances for pests that could kill them without detection. Run days without noticeable symptoms. Immediately, he directed me to a Hawaii woman, who specialized in dangerous poisons for pests.

She had introduced me to the art of poison.

A knock on the door and I jerked my head in its direction. Mendoza strolled in. flicking an expressionless glance in Rowan's direction and back to me.

"They're all dead. What Next?" He asked, calmly. Blake and three of my other loyalists strolled in. I spared them a gaze. They only stared back at me with awe.

I had killed the last boss. We all knew what that meant.

"Torch the place."
###chapter 119: Hot Doctor…
  
***Kenya.***

***Present day, A week later***

Already done with two scenes for the movie and I was on a break. Only two scenes left.

I couldn't help but identify with my character's story. Falling for a killer. Sadly, her story in the movie never gets completed. She is never found again.

*Was that my end?*

I was sitting outside a restaurant in Wolfe Street, distracted by the beautiful city, while I had a virtual meeting with the staff at J'aime. I was in love with Baltimore and I didn't mind having a new life here. Even though a divorce was out of the question; living separate lives wasn't unheard of for Levi's ilk.

Somehow, that possibility didn't sit well with me.

We finished the meeting and I watched the videos Andrea sent me of the kids' rehearsal progress. After I gave Andrea my approval on her great job, I kicked back, enjoying the view.

Couples walked hand in hand. Strolling to a nearby gazebo, drinking in the flower scents that graced the place. I envied them. Wondering why I couldn't have had something similar with theirs.

I hadn't still processed the gravity of Levi's nature. I had actually expelled the thoughts, until now. It was obvious he was dangerous, but I couldn't tell the extent.

I shuddered at the thought of what must have happened to his first wife and the journalist. And the way he had blatantly threatened to kill my family, I had loathed and dreaded him immediately.

Still, my body had needed him and that had really revolted me. How was I to contest with my simultaneous need and revulsion for him. I had simply chosen the easy way out. Run, rather than confront it.

My phone rang and I knew it was another text from K.C. We were talking about cities and he seemed to love a good sun, just like me. He had no girlfriend. But he had a lover.

She was currently angry with him, because he had cheated on her. I felt sorry for him, because it was obvious he was a nice guy, from the way he talked.

Another text came into my phone and I checked it.

***Alec: Where you at?"***

The text was immediately followed by a call. I answered it, my heart thudding fast.

"Hi. Have you finished your meeting for the day?" Alec asked.

I smiled at his attentiveness. I had informed him yesterday over the phone, that I had a meeting with Andrea and he had given me pointers on our agenda.

"Yeah, Alec. I'm just sitting at Lake Restaurant in Wolfe Street, enjoying the view of the gazebo." I informed him.
I could hear him fumbling with keys.

"Great. Just perch there longer, I'd be right there. My workplace is just 9 minutes away." I heard him shut the car door, before he hung up.

My insides swarm, as I checked myself in my mirror. Alec was really a nice guy. Charming, easy to talk to. And he had this knack for encouraging others.

True to his word, he strolled to me, under fifteen minutes.

"Hi." He leaned over the table, kissing my cheek. That was the first time he was doing that. His lips felt warm, soft against my skin. I fought myself from touching the spot.

"So, the gazebo, huh?" His eyes stretched across the lawn. "I hear couples talk about it a lot. A magical place. It's fabled that the gazebo was built from the wood of a love tree. A tree which was special to Freya and Frigga; goddesses of love and marriage." He turned back to me. His eyes held a glint. Wearing casual green T shirt and black denims. Hot.

My face heated under his intense gaze, like back in highschool.

"You don't really believe that stuff, do you?" I asked. He cocked a silly brow.

Then we heard a scream behind us and a thud, dragging our attention. Turning around, we saw a woman slumped on the floor. Crowd already gathered and someone was calling for a doctor.

In a flash, Alec was beside the woman, checking her pulse. He did a lot of first aid stuff on the woman, asking me to call 911. He asked her friend questions, about the lady's medical history. 911 answered and questions they asked, about the woman's state, Alec efficiently responded.

Apparently, she had an allergic reaction, but without the necessary equipment, Alec could only keep her pulse up.

While we waited for the ambulance to arrive, he didn't even say a word. He only sternly watched the woman.

I didn't think I had ever seen a doctor in action before. This was a first for me and I found it really hot. Focused, undistracted.
He was really a hot doctor at the moment.

Shaking my head, I tried to focus on the problem at hand.

The ambulance arrived shortly, and Alec immediately deferred to them. I stared at him. Finding that highly modest.

I had heard of some of his colleagues on an emergency scene, who usually scuffled with the paramedics. This was another side to Alec.

After the ambulance left with the patient, we returned to our seats. I was unable to hide my admiration for him and he caught me staring. His face instantly flushed red, under my eyes. We both laughed.

"Should we walk to the gazebo?" I asked, boldly. There was something magical in this moment, which I didn't want to end. Just us, locking out the entire world and its distraction. Fishing for solace.

He looked at me, head tilted. I could see that he wrestled within himself and I suddenly regretted my request.

Hiding my disappointment, I picked up my glass of water, sipping it. Painstakingly avoiding Alec's gaze.

"I'd love to come to the gazebo with you." His voice, a warm caress. Seductive, electric. But something else lurked in his gaze.

"But if we do, there's no turning back for either of us."
###chapter 120: Deception…
  
***Kenya.***

***March, few months earlier***

***"Levi Ruthford emerged winner of the primary elections for the democratic party, Saturday, two days ago. Party members are confident he would deliver the agenda of the party, to New Yorkers, when he eventually emerges the winner. They seem confident right, Lynn?"***

Anchor man, Caleb turned to his partner.

They laughed and gave breakdown of the votes. I muted the channel, heading to heat up my left over meat loaf of two nights ago. I just woke up from my nap of hours ago, after work.

At 7pm, I was really hungry.

After warming the food, I kicked back, watching my latest favorite soap; *Mi Corazón Es Tuyo Para Siempre.*

My bell rang and I reluctantly rose to answer the door. Hank, all dressed in white short sleeved shirt and grey slacks. I shuddered at the sight of him. From fear and not desire.

You see after our first date, I accepted to keep seeing Hank. I had felt elated, dating such a man. I hadn't even thought twice. Andrea had doubted him, but I had reassured her.

So we continued dating. Not getting intimate. Taking things slow on my request, which he willingly accepted. Surprising me, because I had thought he would find my request old-fashioned. Rather, he had agreed.

Usually we went to eat at the restaurant he worked. Each staff had a discount whenever they ate there. And we always did. It grew boring by the second week, as we continued dining there.

By the third week, I had suggested we went to other restaurants. He had immediately flared up loudly, stunning me to silence.

We had been outside my apartment complex, when that happened. The night, chilly, with some of my neighbors passing by. Sparing me furtive glances. He matched into his car, driving off.

I had been shaken to the core that night.

Humiliated and terrified, I had climbed up to my apartment, shutting the door. Afraid he could come back. The fury I had seen in his eyes, bewildering me.

The next morning, I called him, attempting to apologize. For what exactly, I had no idea. But I had wanted to apologize nonetheless. He hadn't picked nor returned my messages. I had felt disappointed, because I had come to like him. However, I couldn't go visit him or anything, knowing I had never been to his apartment.

That was weeks ago. Now he was standing in my doorway. He had never come up to my apartment even though he knew the number. I had pleaded against it, because I was afraid of being alone with a man.

"Can I come in?" He asked, his tone low.

He had this apologetic look. I briefly considered his request and hated myself, the moment I allowed him enter.

This was his first time in my apartment, yet he didn't even look at it with any appreciation. I frowned. Quickly dispelling the disappointment, I felt.

"I'm sorry about that night. I should have called or something, but I still felt angry at you. Always telling me don't do this, do that, in this relationship." He bluntly confessed.

I didn't know what to make of his confession. I wasn't telling him what to do. I was only trying to wait out on the right man.

And if he was the right man, he wouldn't be offended, right?

I was shocked to see him here, by the way. And I wasn't sure I was comfortable with it. I was wearing pink cotton shorts and a white 'H. Kitty' shirt. Braless beneath the top.

I saw his eyes flick to my breasts, and I grew self-cautious. There was this unfathomable look in his eyes and it gave me mixed feelings. 

"It's fine, Hank. I willI think we should just stay away for now. Perhaps it can't work out between us." I was stern.

He looked hurt and I regretted my decision. But it was for the best. I had seen girls hurt in such relationships. Guys like this, complaining about flimsy issues.

They hurt you one minute and come back to apologize. It was narcissistic and somewhat abusive. And it was always advisable to leave such a relationship.

"You don't mean that, Kenya. You're just upset," he said, inching closer.

I shifted back. He didn't stop. He continued, until he was in front of me. I was scared. I didn't know why he was standing there, just staring at me. He closed the space between us, tilting my chin. My eyes gazed into his.

"You don't mean what you said, because we have never done this." He looked at my lips and slowly lowered his to mine. He was taller and easily towered over me, taking me in.

I hesitated at first. Then, he shifted his fingers into my top and I melted into his arms.

Hank smelled of cinnamon and other spices. I liked that. Intoxicating. His fingers toyed with my nipple, trailing it. Pinching. I moaned deeply, encouraging him further. He pressed himself into me. Kissing me. I shuddered. I was against a wall, and he pressed me closer. He started slipping his fingers into the waistband of my shorts.

His fingers brushed against the front of my panties. I gasped, alarmed.

*No, this was not happening. He was going far. We were going far.*

I tried pulling away, his kiss grew insistent. I grew frantic. I struggled to break free. But he held me tight.

"HankHankPlease stop." I moaned.

I tried pushing him, but he pressed closer. Grounding himself into me.

I cried out.

I was confused. I didn't understand my body's reaction, why I was reacting this way.

He dipped his fingers into my panties, roughly. I cried out. His kisses, rougher.

"You're wet, Baby." He moaned.

With all my might, I shoved him off. Running to the door, opening it.

"Get out of my house, Hank, this minute, or I'll scream!" I threatened.

My anger, his deception. He walked out.
###chapter 121: Unfaithful…
  
***Kenya.***

***Present day, three days later***

It was Thursday afternoon. The weather, mildly warm and I allowed myself enjoy it, Alec and I strolled in a nearby park. Our hands accidentally touched, as we walked. But I didn't mind. Made me feel valued, by this simple man..

Since that day at Lake restaurant, we grew closer. Calling and messaging each other more often. We talked about everything. He was a living picture of peace that I wanted to embrace. The kind of warmth I had yearned for most of my life.

I even missed over my dreams of marrying a doctor, when I was younger. But things were different now, I was married.

"Something wrong?" Alec said beside me. I grew sad.

"Nothing." I didn't want to dwell in my sadness. I didn't want to be cruel by ruining this moment for us. I stood, my body missing Levi's touch. The scent of earth, reminding me of his earthy perfume. I instantly wished to push him off.

"Can I ask you a favor?" I looked into his eyes. I was hesitant, but I knew I needed to get Levi out of my system. It had been days since we were last together and I needed him. I missed him. And I hated me for that.

"Anything." Alec smiled. *Oh that smile*. Mesmerizing. I needed to drown myself in it , or be reduced to ashes, because I craved who I didn't want to have. *Levi*.

"Would you kiss me?" I breathed.

I must have sounded desperate, pathetic. However, I didn't mind. Anything that could erase the feel of Levi against my lips, against my skin.

Alec watched me silently for seconds. His eyes unfathomable. I suddenly regretted my stupid request. I had just gone and ruined everything.

Trying to ease the awkward silence, I hastily said.

"It's fine, Alec. I don't know what I was thinking. Perhaps it's the" I paused, flushing with embarrassment.

I looked around, not wanting to hear anything from Alec. Though he didn't even move.

Instinctively I crossed the lawn, putting distance between us. He didn't call me nor stop me.
I hadn't even wanted him to. The look in his eyes had given enough away. Revulsion. Embarrassment. I was a pathetic woman.

I had been crushing over him for years in high school. As a married woman now, I allowed my current circumstances foil my better judgement.

I arrived my hotel room in a few minutes. I didn't allow myself cry in the cab, because I barely knew the reason I was hurt. Shooting was ending in a week and I'd be expected to face my life. End this promenade with my freedom.

I slumped in bed, pulling out my phone.

K. C's message popped on the notification bar. We had been discussing ways in which a couple satisfied each other, without having the other half present. He suggested toys and stuff, earlier. But I had argued against it. I had recalled Levi's sex play on me, weeks ago in the cave.

***K.C: Should I teach you?***

I looked at the message, puzzled.

Me: Teach me what?

***K.C: Pleasuring yourself without toys. You didn't seem to like the idea earlier.***

I stiffened. Pushing the phone face down on the mattress.

*What?*

The only time I had pleasured myself, was when Levi had asked me to. It had felt good. Adding to the ecstasy I had felt.

Now I was being propositioned to do it by another man. *Wasn't that being unfaithful to Levi?*

My body instantly grew warm to the thought. My nipples ached. My breath picked up. The thought taking root inside me, as I replied.

***K.C: I wouldn't bite. I'd be gentle.***

I bit my lower lip, nursing the thought.

*What was he going to do?*

But if I didn't do this, I would continue to ache for Levi. And if I did, I'd have release, right?

***Me: Would I find release?***

***K.C: If you trust me.***

Trust. The last man I trusted, turned out to be a killer. A monster from a monster. I was trapped. Caught between my need for release and my need for self-preservation.

In the end, my need won.

***Me: Show me.***

There was a pause and I saw his typing bubble again.

***K.C: Take off your clothes. Everything, until you are naked.***

This was ridiculous. I was obeying a man I barely knew. Never met him and I was going to phone sex him? But I found I welcomed the thought. It was intriguing. Daring. Rebellious. A distraction from my humiliation with Alec.

I complied. Down to my skin, cold. I slipped behind the covers. Another message.

***K.C: My lips are trailing your skin. Your lips. Your neck. I am climbing back up to your lips. My fingers tweaking your nipples. Touch those spots I called. And in that order.***

My fingers shook as I obeyed. Touching my lips, my neck. My nipples. I gasped. A cool, sweet tremor climbing me.

***Me: Okay. Done.***

***K.C: Don't respond. Only when you finally have your release. Now, knead your nipples, pinch them, until you cry the name of the one you want. Me.***

I touched my nipples. Pressed them, until my nipples were sore. And a warm wetness, pooled inside my thighs.

This was madness, but I liked it. Levi's face kept flashing across my mind. Pleasuring me.

And I let it. K.C's messages continued. And I went on, until he asked me to touch my nether regions.

I touched my clit, my entrance. Circling, pressing. My clit rigid, my entrance pooled with cum.

I cried, dipping my finger. Mimicking Levi's thrusts. Slow, fast. This wasn't about me and K. C anymore.

I was with Levi.

His touches sending me to a frenzy.

I cried his name, my clit burning. A pressure quickening.

Soon, my release found me. I was breathless.

Calm again, I typed.

***Me: I came.***

***K.C: Whose face did you see?***

I couldn't answer.

*Levi.*
###chapter 122: Another Chance…
  
***Kenya.***

***March, A few months earlier***

A week since I last saw Hank. I didn't mind.

My body still strummed with confusion, whenever I recalled how he had made me feel. I couldn't understand it. Pleasured, even when I didn't want him.

Andrea didn't know I was a virgin. I didn't tell her because I was scared of being mocked. I was very self-conscious about my sexuality. Yet, I was aware I needed to talk to someone.

Giving Andrea furtive glances as we strolled down the curb, while she talked about her sex last night with Mike, I talked.

"Andy, when you were a virgin, how did you feel the first time you had sex?" I pasted an indifferent look, but my insides warred. I was hoping she didn't pick my meaning.

"Why? How did you feel the first time you had sex?" She playfully threw back. My words faltered.

"MyMy body was singing," I said, hesitantly. She gave me a look that said, '*Seriously*?' I turned my eyes away. Didn't want to be obvious.

"Kenya, that means the guy did a lousy job, if your body sang. *What about the initial pain*? The slow and sweet transition into the first waves of pleasure. What about the way your cum pooled inside your thighs with a quivering sensation, when he touched you down there?" Her eyes lowered south.

*So that describes the feelings I was having that night. Quivering sensation.*

The internet articles didn't do much justice. I couldn't believe that pleasure could feel that way. So wrong and yet good. Seeing Andrea's expectant gaze, I fished for something.

"Perhaps the guy did a lousy job." I felt guilty sending Hank out that night.

I should have asked him questions about what he was doing. I should have been patient. Perhaps he was right in thinking the relationship was one sided.

We reached my stop and I kissed Andrea as she got a cab home.

It was Friday and we just closed from Byron's minutes ago. As I sat in the bus, I thought about surprising Hank at his work place. Perhaps he would give us another chance, once I explained everything to him.

When I got to his work place, everyone yelled Hank and I was surprised he was very popular. I caught sight of Marlon and Chase, his best buddies, giving me dirty looks. I didn't like those two. They gave me odd vibes, whenever I was around them. We met a couple of times, whenever Hank and I ate here.

Actually I didn't just like the way they looked at every girl. They had this 'let's-fuck- expression.'

Then they'd undress the girl with their eyes, just like they were currently doing. Just like Hank had done.

"Kenya?"

I turned sharply to Hank's voice. He regarded me with a guarded expression. I contritely lowered my eyes, before I raised them again.

"Can we talk in private, please."

He was in his full chef garb. Black suit, black apron. Black, small hat. I never saw him in his uniform before. He looked cool and organized.

Looking behind me for a second, he nodded his head and led me to the kitchen. Some of his colleagues greeted him as we walked by and he responded in the same enthusiasm.

Pulling out a set of keys, he led me into a cool room that had shelves and shelves of vegetables. A food storage.

I looked around, while he grabbed a barrel and sat down. His eyes on me like that, I suddenly felt all those sweet aches Andy spoke about.

"I wanted to say am sorry." I started. He raised a brow. Silent. I swallowed. Hank had this no tolerance look on his face, making him unapproachable.

"I'm a virgin. So I didn't know what you were trying to do I was confused." I saw his eyes widen a bit, before he lowered them to my southern zone. "Please, give us another chance. I really like you. I just needI need this right. And I'm sorry I was leading this one way. I guessI guess I was being cautious." I was shaking.

He looked at me, his eyes morphing to fascination.

Quietly, he rose closing the gap between us. His hands came to cup my face. Tender strokes of his thumb followed his action. He sought permission with his eyes, before he kissed me full on the lips.

"I haven't thought of anything else but the way you tasted that night. I wanted you so bad this past week. But I needed to respect your space." He was kissing the sides of my mouth now.

I let go of my fear and hesitance and just allowed him. Pulling him closer. I fingered his cap, smiling into his lips. I was touching a chef's hat. I felt, powerful.

We kissed and he didn't press me like that night. This time he was gentle, sweet. There was no rush in his kiss. Just quiet, soft. His phone rang in his pocket and he growled inside my mouth.

Reluctantly, Hank answered the phone.

"Yes Sir. Tonight? But we only have a few hours before night time. How do we make that kind of exclusive, full course dinner for such a large number in such short time? Alright Sir. I'd get right to it." He hung up, seething.

"What happened?" I asked him, concerned.

"It's these damned politicians. Some of Ruthford's party members, who just returned from overseas, want to host an exclusive dinner to celebrate him." He spat. "Can you imagine that. It's boys' night with my pals." He looked really cross. I didn't know how to ease him. However, he was a great chef. I had tasted his cooking.

"How about when you finish, I treat you to a night in my place, tomorrow." I offered. He had a wary gaze. I knew what he was thinking.

Seconds later, Hank gave me a wolfish smile, picking me up. Kissing and tickling me.
###chapter 123: Fair and Dark…
  
***Kenya.***

***Present day, a week later***

I just finished shooting my last scene with the crew, while the rest will continue. I was suddenly exhausted. Like I had run a marathon. I hated running.

I sank into the chair in my cabin, reaching for a bottle of water. God I could smell the chlorine in it. It was high.

A knock came and I asked the person in. Alan approached, bearing a basket of gifts, along with a large bouquet of deep red roses.

"Hi Kenya." He greeted, kissing me on the cheek. When he pulled away, he raised the gifts to my eye level.

"I come bearing gifts, Your Majesty." He was playful. I liked playful Alan. His eyes grew concerned, when he saw my face. "Something wrong?"

I scrunched up my nose, trying to erase the taste of the chlorine. "I don't know. I think this water has too much chlorine." I complained. He frowned, grabbing the bottle, tasting it.

"It tastes just fine to me," Alan said, dropping the water. I eyed the water, dubiously.

"So, when are you leaving. Filming is over for you. I think we have another contract for you. This time as a more prominent support actress. We'd send you the details once we're ready." He put down the gifts. I nodded.

"Anytime you're ready, Alan. I am happy to work with you in the movie projects." I informed him. Then my eyes returned to the gifts. "Who are these from?"

He shrugged. "A delivery man dropped them off with my assistant. You want me to confirm for you?"

I shook my head, rising to leave instead.

"When are you leaving?" Alan asked. A sadness threatened to buckle me. I was aware that I couldn't live here forever. I had a duty to uphold as a wife to a public figure. I had to also take care of my responsibilities as a business woman.

My thoughts went to Alec and his silence towards me since that day. It hurt that I had allowed my emotions becloud me. But my current feelings didn't prevent me from enjoying the city longer.

"Perhaps in three days. I love the city already. The history and everything."

Alan wanted to say something, but he shut his mouth again. "I would send you a copy of the monthly report for the board members in your email, later. Safe travels." Alan smiled, leaving.

The entire thought of returning to my life as Levi's wife was depressing. Making me nauseous.

Suddenly, I reached for the bathroom, puking. For seconds, it continued and I didn't have the strength to move out of the bathroom.

When I was able to, I gathered my things and the gifts and got into the waiting cab. Instead of going to my hotel, I asked the driver to head for the nearest hospital.

I needed a doctor.

***

I was absently staring at the gifts as they rested on the coffee table in my hotel suite.

Everything felt alien, as I ran through the conversation with the doctor, hours ago. I was wearing a navy blue, silk nighty, sitting on the bed. My feet on the floor.

Tears streamed down my eyes and I didn't clean them. My phone rang beside me and I didn't answer. There was a talk show on TV about celebrity marriages and how they manage the fame and their relationship. And a photo of Levi and I flashed as one of the couples that managed their lives well. But I didn't listen.

A more pressing matter bothered me. The telephone in the suite rang.

A few minutes later, a knock came, jolting me. Pulling my robe, I opened the door.

Alec stood in front of me in navy blue scrubs. Shocking. Hadn't seen him in days.

"Can I come in?" He asked. I nodded, letting him in.

When he entered, he briefly took in the room, before he turned to me. We locked gazes and I could see he had something on his mind. Well, so did I.

"Am sorry about that day." He started.

*Oh, if I had a dollar every time I heard that.*

"I chickened out. I was scared of my father"

"Look, I get it. Your father controls your life and you didn't want to kiss a pathetic married woman"

"Nono Kenya." He rushed to me, holding my shoulders. His eyes intense. Pain and tension in the depth of his gaze. "Let me show you."

Slowly, Alec kissed me. Soft, tentative. I moaned, drinking in his coffee laced mouth. He pressed closer, slipping his fingers inside my robe, kneading my breast. Pinching one nipple. A deep rumble escaped his throat as he touched my nipple. I moaned.

Backing us against the bed, until he lay us on it. He took off my robe, slipped down my nighty. Hungry eyes assessed my body, before he pressed me to the mattress. Sexy, a great kisser. I was turned on. And my hormones and my body. He played drums on my body, as he sucked one of my nipples, pinching the other one. I felt sore.

I was wet. Exposed.

I couldn't. Shouldn't. Not now. Not ever.

Even though Levi was my darkness, my agony, he was forever a part of me now. Someone I couldn't get rid of, no matter what.

He was now my truth. A mix of fair and dark. Hate and Love. He was my wrong and my right. And I couldn't erase him anymore.

We needed to work things out for us.

But first, I had to take care of Alec.

I wish we had time. I wish he had come a few months back.

I pulled away, staring at him.

"Can we just sleep in instead. Hold me, while I talk. Because if I don't get this out of my system, I might implode." I wept. He held my gaze. His lips kiss swollen.

A few seconds later, I began talking and Alec listened.
###chapter 124: Your Nightmare…
  
***Kenya.***

I struggled to open my eyes, but they seemed to resist.

After some difficulty, I pried them open. My eyelids heavy.

Blood rang in my ears as I tried to focus my mind. My shoulders ached, growing numb. I felt tugged at every side. My muscles ached.

I was naked, except for my undies.

Looking at my hands, I discovered that my limbs were bound. I was spread across a bed. I tugged my hands and the clanking sounds of chains, came. I panicked. Confused.

When I looked around, taking in my surroundings, my eyes fell on Levi, sitting on a seat across from my feet. His cold gaze on me.

"Levi" I muttered, hazily. *Was I dreaming?* "What are you doing in Baltimore?"

He didn't flinch. His hard gaze lingered. His face, expressionless.

"I own this hotel. Hi Baby. Miss me?" He grinned, darkly. A chill passed through me at his menacing look. His words.

This was weird. I heard him, but I felt groggy. Dizzy.

I struggled with the chains.

"WhyWhy am I chained?" I asked, incoherently.

*Why was I sleepy? Where was Alec? I needed to getI needed to talk to Levi.*

My mind, wild with thoughts.

"You're chained up, because this is your nightmare come to life." Levi seethed.

*Why is he angry? I need to talk to you, Levi.*

"LeviWe needWe need to talkWhy am I dizzy?"

His eyes grew colder, if it could be possible. Then he barked, his eyes still on me. "You can come in now!"

Levi was dressed in all black. Black long sleeved shirt, waist coat and slacks. His top buttons on his shirt off and the sleeves rolled up. There was a ferocity in his gaze that I had never seen.

Some men dressed in lab coats, filed into the room, bearing carts. They began setting up equipments, alarming me. Someone pushed a needle into me. I flinched.

Gradually, I regained my senses. Seeing everything.

An IV was in my vein.

I was still trying to understand, when Alec was rolled into the room. My senses more alert now.

"Alec"

"He can't hear you. Flush him." I heard Levi say, addressing one of the men in lab coats. An IV line was set up and he was infused, like I currently was. As the fluid travelled through me, I grew more aware.

"Why are you doing this, Levi?" I asked. I was still weak.

*God, this could hurt us! I had no idea what they had put inside me earlier*.

"You don't know? What were you thinking, that I'd just let you have your way? Fuck every man until you got your satisfaction. Got rid of me. Like you threatened." He was angry, sitting there, watching me from lidded eyes.

I panicked, realization hitting me.

"NoII didn't fuck anyone." I protested. The last I remembered, I was lying in bed with Alec, telling him about me and Levi. Somehow, we fell asleep. His arms around me. I didn't fuck him. Perhaps the kiss. Nothing else. Guilt swamped me as I recalled the kiss. 

"We didn't have sexWe just kissed" I said, anxiously. Levi's gaze grew cold. I started at the look.

Alec woke up then. "Where Where am I? Kenya?"

Levi frowned, rising from his seat. He walked to Alec and the look on Alec's face alarmed me.

"LeviIt's not what you think" Alec said, hysterically.

"AlecYou know him?" I asked, stunned. Alec nodded frantically. His legs, arms were bound tight. Dread filled me.

"HeHe's one of my father's clientsThat was the reason I didn't want to kiss you that day" Alec confessed. Humiliation stung me, as those words filled the entire room. Levi turned to me. A dark scowl, marring his handsome face. His eyes a darker shade of green.

"You know how pathetic that sounded now? *You*, whom I have treated as a Queen, asked a man for a kiss" Levi's voice was thick with emotion.

Tears wet my eyes, at his declaration. I could barely feel my arms, but I felt the pain in his words.

"It's not like that" My voice was low. I wanted to reach out to him. Hold him. Tell him the reason I had done it all that. I wanted us to talk.

"How could you, KenyaHow could you!" Levi roared, crashing my entire world.

I couldn't turn away from his rage. I could only shut my eyes to his fury. His rage tore down the room.

"Levi I am sorry"

"Sorry? Sorry?" He called, sarcastically. "You know why I never answered you, when you confessed your love to me? It was because of this." His voice held scorn. And I was suddenly afraid to hear the next words he had to say.

"Because love hurt me before. Dad. Mum. And then Belle. Because love makes us lose control." His eyes were fully on me. He walked closer, looming over the bed. He sat below my feet on the bed. His tone dropped low, sinister.

"Because when you love a woman, she ruins you. Leaves you for her own desires." His tone was detached.

He drew closer, until our eyes levelled on each other.

"You wanted to know what happened to Belle. This is what I did to Belle."

I didn't see Levi anymore. He was replaced by a dark being I didn't recognize. His voice was detached, his eyes cold.

There was no emotion there. Only pain.

"You did the same thing she did. So it's only logical I do the same to you," he said. I shook my head.

*God I was in pain. My arms.*

"I don't know what she did... But I didn't do the same. I have been true to you. IAlec was a different matter. I didn't do anything to hurt you." I cried now. Tears rolling down.

"You didn't, but you did. K.C, remember?"

I looked at him confused. Then a knowing look crossed his face, realization hitting me.

*Oh God, no!*
###chapter 125: Significant Other…
  
***Kenya.***

"I'm the K.C you've been chatting with. The one you came for." Levi declared weakly.

Horrorstruck, I let his words sink into me. Taking root.

"NoNo" I shook my head.

"Yes." He had a sinister grin.

"ButI saw his pictures." I argued. He gave a low chuckle. I felt vulnerable. I felt stupid.

"I know. A paid model." He revealed.

I was confused. This wasn't happening. And then he added. "K.C. Kill Code."

I grew more confused. "What does Kill Code mean?" I asked, helplessly.

He shrugged. "My Alias."

No elaboration.

He just left me in the loop. I was scared. I didn't know this man. I didn't know what to expect. My nerves were frayed.

The door opened and five men entered the room, all dressed in nothing but black leather slacks. Each had this leather choker on the neck. Silver spikes poked out of the chokers.

"These men." He spared them a look. "Including junior there, will fuck you till your brain goes dead. Just like it happened to Belle." There was ice in his gaze as he looked at me.

Blood drained from my face.

*No! No!*

My eyes fell to the men, who had whips and one had a big tool box. They looked foreboding. I dreaded whatever lay in the box.

"You don't have to do this" I cried.

His expression didn't shift. It maintained the iciness. I shook inside. "Levi"

"Begin procedure." He instructed, turning to the men in lab coats.

*Procedure?*

I writhed, the chains clanking.

They began bringing out needles, vials. Soon someone came to meet me.

"Wait!" I halted the man in a white coat. He paused, raising his eyes to Levi. "Am going to get hurt, Levi" I pleaded, desperately.

*Silence.*

"LeviPlease. Let's talk, please. Let everyone out, so we can talk" I was desperate. I couldn't reach his heart at the moment.

"You would be too dead to get hurt, Kenya. They are going to inject you, make you less conscious. And then you can cum as long as you want, until you die." He snarled.

I cracked. My voice, a whimper.

*Was that what happened to his late wife? He had killed her!*

"Levi" My voice choked with emotion. They were dragging Alec, who I realized had long been gagged.

The men in the black leather garb, began unlocking their box.

I panicked.

I saw someone inject a struggling Alec and he jerked a few times, before he grew limp. When he raised his eyes again he became inebriated. Less conscious. More compliant as they loosened his bonds, stripping him.

"LeviLevi you can't do this"

"Have her gagged." He ordered.

I couldn't let them. I had to speak now. I didn't mind further shame than this. Levi's back was to me now.

*Was he revolted by my presence, or was he concerned for me? I wanted to believe the later.*

He spoke to someone and started heading for the door. One of the men approached with a needle and a gag. I shuddered in fright. Panting helplessly.

This was like one of those torture scenes in a horror movie. I was sweating profusely and I could see the hell that was about to be unleashed on me. 

"Levi" I called, breathlessly. He didn't stop. "Levi am pregnant!" My voice came out really strong. Desperate. I didn't mind.

He stopped. Everyone else did. They all turned to me. Levi slowly turned to me.

I didn't wait. I didn't let the words sink in. I continued.

"I found out todayEarlier today. II was exhausted most of the time. I was sick a lot today Even at the hospital. The doctorsaid my revulsion to chlorine was as a result of the hormones kicking in." I panted heavily.

One of the men spoke.

"Sir, if she is pregnant, this changes everything. Should we run a test on her?"

*So they were really doctors? What kind of doctors played this sort of sick joke on people? Didn't he say he had this exact procedure done with his late wife.*

Levi's gaze was fixed hard on me. There was no softness. Only repugnance.

"If you're lying, I'll shoot you dead myself. Significant other, or not." He warned, icily.

I swallowed.

He watched as someone slipped a needle into my arm, drawing blood. I flinched, flicking a rueful gaze to Levi. He ignored my look. He ignored me.

Chagrined, I turned my eyes to Alec. His head lulled to one side. His eyes shut. I was worried for him. I got him into this mess.

A few seconds later, the doctor returned to Levi with a long sheet of paper. I couldn't see the writings from there. But I saw the iciness in Levi's face, replaced by something different. Something unfathomable. He raised his eyes to me, his expression hard.

"Unchain her and get her some clothes." He ordered, quietly.

I exhaled slowly, afraid to let him see my relief. He folded the paper, slipping it into his pocket. My gaze followed his action, before looking back at him.

We locked gazes.

There was no tenderness there. Nothing but a blank expression in his gaze.

Tears rolled down my eyes as I continued to watch him. And wasn't bothered. He just let me cry.

Gone was the Levi that showered me with tenderness.

My hands and legs were massaged, until blood flowed back in. I was covered in a blanket.

I turned to Alec, and Levi followed my eyes. He drew closer to Alec, staring at him. Then he pulled out a gun from his back pocket. Clicked it and pointed it on Alec's forehead.

I paled.

"LLevi, what are you doing? You don't have to do this I promise I wouldn't see him againNo more contact. Please let him go, plplease." I cried.

"You're right about one thing. No more contact with him."

I heard the click of the gun.

I heard the loud bang.

I heard my scream.

*I passed out.*
###chapter 126: Belle Moore…
  
***Levi.***

***May 11th, 10 years earlier***

Parties were like glorified sessions, where everyone showed off their clothes and charm. I didn't enjoy them. But I had to, if I wanted to familiarize myself with the proper society.

Being neck deep in the shadow world for almost a decade, it was hard to see these people as who they were supposed to be; humans. I knew most of their dark secrets. Had them in my archives for future purposes, so I barely had any respect for them.

King of New York for the past 6 years, wealthy as Croesus; it was time to step up and have a face. I owned a large Construction company. A graduate of MIT. I was very notable in the society. I was now a politician. A democrat and this was just one of several parties I had to attend, every other Saturday.

I walked casually, greeting the other party members, the ladies swooning. I didn't see them. I had my pick of ladies. I had my lil freaks at an exclusive club of which I was a member.

Sipping from my drink, I discussed casually with former Congressman Christopher Moore.

Yes, the man had climbed high and was highly respected in the society. I had drawn close to him, immediately I had shown interest in a political career, five years ago. And somehow the man had seen my rise to power again, after our fall from grace, a wonder.

"So Levi, wouldn't you run for congress, as I suggested to you? I'd stand by you, if that is your issue." He dangled before me.

I smiled, slyly.

Since I turned 25, earlier this year, it had become a task for Christopher, pestering me, endlessly to run for congress. I wasn't interested in the small task. If I was going to run for election, I was heading for the big fry. *Senator*. Rather than controlling just a district of New York.

But I didn't tell him. Not yet, anyway.

I watched the man, who had abandoned us in our time of woe and concluded that truly, people only celebrated success. And that is what Christopher Moore had done.

My mother and I, who he hadn't bothered to search for after dad's death, had become valued friends, shortly before her death, five years ago. I was twenty years old at the time, and now controlled most of the dark undertakings in New York. Nothing occurred, without my permission.

I had hosted a housewarming party at her new Malibu home; something to make her alive again, after she had been diagnosed with cancer.

Dignitaries had attended. Christopher had been one of the guests. Coming as Mark Marlowe's plus one; close friends then. Obviously attending to validate news about us.

"My daughter, Belle, has been talking nonstop about her fascination with the Ruthford mansion." Christopher broke into my thoughts, excitedly.
I tilted my head, confused.

"*Your daughter?* I thought you had only a son?" I asked. I didn't know much about the family, when I was younger. But I recalled they had this little boy back then, who always trudged after Mrs Moore.

Christopher grinned. "Belle is our daughter. My son's twin. She schooled in a private boarding school in Philadelphia, most of her growing age. That is why you presumed so." He clarified. I nodded.

*That explained it.*

"Where is she? Is she here, by any chance, so I can formally invite her tobthe grounds on a tour, say next weekend." I offered. Christopher beamed elatedly now. His face couldn't contain the joy.

*Greedy man.*

"No she isn't. She's currently handling some issues with our company's Chicago branch." Christopher revealed. I nodded.

"Nevertheless. My doors are open to all of you. Just have her call me, whenever she wants a tour of the mansion." I repeated and went on to talk to some other members.

Trying to dispel the revulsion I felt for this man, who had abandoned my family when we fell.

***

"Sir, a Miss Belle Moore is here for you." My secretary said to me over the phone. "She has no appointment, Sir. But she claims you asked her to call, whenever she was around."

I had just finished a meeting and was tending to some pending matters on the computer, when my secretary called.

I wasn't sure the reason Belle hadn't called instead.

Hell, I hadn't even given any further thought to her, since two weeks ago, at the party. But I allowed her in, nonetheless.

A few seconds later, Miss Moore walked into my office and I was spell bound.

Tall, slender, her curves perfect, I wondered how I managed not to stare. She was wearing cobalt blue knee length dress that accentuated her turquoise blue eyes. Her striking blonde hair held in a ponytail.

I strolled to her, extending her a handshake.

"Miss Moore, a pleasure to meet you at last." I smiled, charmingly. She wore these matching, pointy heeled shoes. Still I towered over her.

"The pleasure is all mine, Mr Ruthford." Her smile was flirtatious and instantly took the hint. Drinking her in. She spotted some freckles on her long neck, which was in my full view, thanks to her low neckline.

After offering her a seat, we talked about our businesses. Her family was one of the largest cement manufacturing industries in the States. And she was really well informed about the runnings. *Impressive*.

"So tell me, Miss Moore, would you like a private tour, accompanied with dinner at the Ruthford Mansion, this weekend?"

*How was it possible that I had never seen this vixen? I would have charmed her, long ago.*

"Are you asking me to dinner, Mr Ruthford?" She asked, innocently. Her voice beautiful. But her gaze on me wasn't so innocent.

"And what if I am, Belle?" I said her name like a caress on my tongue, so she would get my meaning. I wanted her.

She paused. Examining me.

"I accept your invitation, Levi."
###chapter 127: A Break Point…
  
***Levi.***

***Present day, two days later***

The room was warm enough for her, considering the fever she had suffered, since two nights.

It was October 5th and I knew what that entailed for me in regard to the threat from BB. To step down before Monday the 7th. Still I didn't give a fuck. My home was breaking. And I couldn't stop it.

I hadn't meant to show Kenya my true form. I had struggled to keep that part of me hidden from her all this time. But something in me shattered, the moment I watched those surveillance pictures of Kenya and the late doctor. All cozy, sweet. I had received intel that they had attended high school together and that had made matters worse.

The death of Alec Cruso was all over the news and I had commiserated with the family, being close business allies.

He wouldn't have died, if he hadn't trodden on marked territory. Such was the rule and he had failed. Now his entire family and my wife suffered the consequences.

My doctors attributed her fever to shock and fatigue. And I ordered she had the best treatment.

Her soul was refusing to heal and I feared the worst for our child.

*Our child.*

It felt like a drops of honey on my tongue.

*We made a baby.*

My heart suddenly grew warm, thinking of Kenya popping out a sweet bundle that looked like us.

I hadn't been given a chance for a proper family with Belle. And now I had this chance, I wasn't smoking it for the world.

Her IV went smoothly, while I silently watched.

A few moments later, Kenya stirred, my knees almost buckling in relief.

She pried her eyes open and the instant we locked gazes, she gasped. Eyes wide. She whimpered and I couldn't even begin to regret my actions nights ago. The look on her face, crushed me. She had seen the monster in me, and now she hated me.

"I wouldn't hurt you. I only wanted to ensure you're alright." I hastily explained.

My voice, calm, my expression contrite, I felt guilt at hurting her. But it was a hurt that couldn't have been avoided.

Silent, she only lay there, watching me warily. Her lips parched. Her eyes hollow.

The substances that had been administered to her hadn't affected her nor the baby. I had one of the best female gynecologists currently on standby in the Ruthford estate, in case she had any complications.

We had reached an impasse in our relationship with the wrong decisions recently made.

She, choosing to harbor thoughts of having other men. Me, unable to withstand the thoughts of sharing her with another.

But now, we had reached a break point. And I wasn't sure we could ever return from it.

I had crossed the line in my fury.

I needed to step back.

The hate in her eyes, unbearable, I spoke.

"I am leaving you here in the Ruthford mansion. I wouldn't disturb you, until the baby is born. It is only then; I would make arrangements to visit the child often. There would be no divorce, but we will go on with our lives."

She flinched, or was it my imagination. Perhaps I wanted her to protest my choice. Unfortunately, she said nothing. Only her haunted gaze, spoke.

Giving her one last look, before I disappeared from her life forever, I rose and crossed the room.

My fingers closed around the doorknob and her voice halted me.

"I didn't sleep with Alec."

I didn't want to turn back. But her weak voice pulled me.

Facing her now, she continued. Tears rolling, as she sat upright.

"That night he came, we kissed. And I had stopped him, when I realized I really loved the idea of a family with you. I had put aside my anger for you and focused on having the baby with you. I had told him all about it and he had listened. Somehow, we had fallen asleep. But I never cheated on you."

She cried, softly. My chest constricted at her confession. I hadn't cried in 20 years, since mum's death. And this woman was wielding my heart again with her powers.

"And K.C. I didn't see him that night I touched myself." She continued. I looked at her, confused.

"I saw you. I came for you. But I couldn't say the words to K.C, because I hadn't wanted to appear weak. I haven't seen another man, ever since I saw you."

*I saw you.*

I stilled. My tongue heavy. A tight knot that used to be rooted in the depths of my soul, loosened.

And what was left was a bundle of frayed nerves, too ruined to find solace.

Those words rang in my ears. Seeking the fortresses of my heart. Breaking the ice, until only puddle remained. A pool of despair. Of regret. Of years of resentment against love. Against emotions. Against weakness, which had ruled me for years, since I fell into the shadow world.

I wanted to speak. Counter her claim. But I couldn't.

No flaw in her confession. Only the heart of the listener, that got destroyed by grief and suffering, years ago.

And now, it was like there was a need to awaken. To find a center. To climb down the pinnacle of the anguish and hate that had swamped me for so long.

"As soon as the baby is born, I would send word. Preferably, send your minions to keep an eye on me." Kenya's tone was resigned.

Her initial hurt, replaced by a malicious hatred. I allowed my gaze linger. My emotions warring within me.

"Good night, Levi. Don't worry, I would keep to your terms." She gave me one last look, before she lowered herself in the bed. Shifting to her side.

I compelled my legs out of the room.

Her muffled sobs, reached my ears as I shut the door.

And perhaps shutting her love, forever.
###chapter 128: Save Me! …
  
***Kenya.***

***April 4th, A few months earlier***

My lips spoke.

My heart screamed.

*Save me! Please Andy!*

It was Thursday and we were at La Chère, celebrating Hank's 25th birthday. Our friends were present, making small talk, while my heart bled.

I could tell Andrea saw deep inside my gaze. She regarded me, suspiciously. Unfortunately, I couldn't offer her any validation.

A bruise around my left eye, marks on my right knuckles. Andrea understood. I saw questions in her eyes.

"So baby, tell them how we've planned to make love all night for my birthday." Hank shamelessly revealed.  I flushed. Embarrassed. All eyes turned to me.

My friends knew I was a very private person. Seeing Hank say such surprised them.

"I need to use the ladies." I called out, hastily. Heading for the washroom.

Inside, I shut the door. I stared at myself in the mirror; tears blurring my vision, as I saw the woman I had become.

Frightened. Beaten, most days. Other days, I wished I hadn't started this relationship in the first place. I wished I hadn't gone to apologize to him, weeks ago.

Hank was killing me slowly from inside. If he wasn't hitting me for refusing to have sex. He was shoving me violently for contradicting his words. I was being tortured.

I cried violently.

These recent injuries, were from three days ago, when he came to my place. We argued over me refusing sex again in our relationship.

After all the kisses and foreplay, he had wanted to go further and I had refused. I was already doubting the relationship. I wanted out. Scared for my life, taking all these abuse from Hank.

That was when he hit me. The slap had come as a shock. Like a flash of blinding light.

The first sting of the ache had come as a ripple through my body.

My mind trying to comprehend what happened and he had pushed me hard. Crashing me into my glass coffee table. I could barely hear a thing more after that. Shooting pain tore through my entire body.

I hadn't gone to the hospital, because he had been scared of the cops. I had complied, crying silently. He had tended the wounds by himself. His tenderness, a vivid contrast.

"Why are you still with him?"

I jerked in the direction of Andrea's voice. She assessed me silently. Sympathy in her eyes as she looked at me. 

"Then who would date me?" I threw back, subtly. She came closer and held my shoulders. Tears pooling.

"Any other man, Kenya. But not him. You are a beautiful girl. Talented, witty. Any man would be lucky to have you. You don't need this. Look at what he has done to you." Her gaze raked me.

"He has turned you into a spineless woman. Stand up for yourself Kenya. Don't let him do this to you." She grew quieter now. Her eyes leaking tears. Sorrow in them. "It isn't worth it. I watched my mum suffer this."

My ears heard the warning. My eyes saw the horror in Andy's eyes. But my heart said something else. My heart embraced the joy of sharing a label with a man. Even though I was aware the danger this man posed for me.

It was like a moth purposely flying to a flame, accepting all the consequences of the fatal attraction.

My phone rang in my pocket and I picked it up. Hank. I panicked. I needed to get away tonight. At least just for tonight. Tomorrow, any other day, I would be ready to fight.

"Andy." I called, desperately. "Can I crash at your place tonight? II don't have the strength to fight him. Not yet. But I am sure I'd find it along the way." My eyes held my desperation. She regarded me with worry.

"That's no problem, babes. But do you want me to tell Rory and Mike, so they'd just handle this fucker, once and for all?" She asked, worriedly. I shook my head. I wasn't yet ready to be alone again.

For most of my life, I had suffered the lack of men's affections. I had yearned to be treated like any other normal girl. Wished for a man to look at me the way Hank looked at me, sometimes.

"Not tonight, Andy. Maybe when am a bit mentally prepared for what accompanies my separation from him," I said, weakly. She let her eyes linger on me, a moment, before she nodded.

I felt relieved that I wouldn't have to spend the night with him and have us fight again over sex.

To me, sex was a sacred bond. An act to be shared between two, longing souls. A picture of passion, etched out on the rhythmic waves of desire. And with Hank, there was no passion. No desire. Only a crazed hunger in his eyes, whenever he looked at me. A crazed look that revolted me, rather than aroused me.

After helping me clean up, we strolled to meet the others, who were each engrossed in their own phones. Hank wasn't in amicability with any of my friends. He usually described them as snobs. They on the other hand tried to find a common ground with him for my sake.

"Hey Hank. Kenya isn't feeling too good. She's coming with," Andrea boldly said.

Hank raised his eyes from his phone, shifting to me.

A shadow crossed his face and I recognized it. He was upset. I inwardly faltered. My legs shaking. I was almost going against Andrea's words, when I felt a hand slip into mine.

A gentle squeeze and I instantly knew it was Andy, reassuring me. Telling me just for tonight, I needed to think of me. To take care of me. Then tomorrow, I would decide what I wanted.

Inhaling a shaky breath, I spoke.

"Yes Hank. I'm sorry but I have to take care of myself. I don't really feel too good."

He nodded without compassion.
###chapter 129: Furrow…
  
***Kenya.***

***Present day***

After Levi left, I allowed myself sob into my pillow. I cried so much my head hurt.

A deep furrow had been formed in my heart that night Levi showed his monster form.

Images of Alec's brain, splattered all over the floor; the way his head fell back after the bullet struck, flashed into my line of vision. I clutched the pillow tight, crying into it. Not seeing anything beyond my grief.

He died because of me. If I hadn't called him when I arrived Baltimore, he would have still lived.

A knock on the door and a young woman wearing scrubs walked into the room. Seeing her in teal green scrubs, caused me more despair; knowing the last I had seen Alec, he had been in scrubs.

"Crying isn't good for you, Ma'am. Sir says you lost a very close friend and we should keep you under observation," she said.

I raised my eyes, staring at her. She watched me, confused.

"He did?" I asked. I couldn't believe this man.

How could he just say it so casually? I didn't even want to imagine his expression when he said those words.

"He did Ma'am. I'm sorry about your loss. I'm Zoe Thompson. Your nurse. Doctor Kenan isn't around at the moment. Went to run some errands. But she asked I called her in case of any emergencies," she said.

She smiled a little at me, before she began checking my vitals. Removing my IV, she gave me a few vitamins to swallow, which she said were needed for the baby's development.

*My baby*.

I put a possessive palm over my belly.

At the hospital, the doctor had told me the baby was as little as a strawberry. Nine weeks. I had held my belly. Feeling a close bond, as my palm smoothened my skin. The skin, which would soon become so stretched from my growing bump. And my body, which would soon become fat, from all the hormones and changes I'd undergo.

I felt a certain peace in my heart, knowing I had to live for this baby. My emotions, my passion weren't a priority any longer. My baby's life now took precedence.

My phone rang and Nurse Thompson brought it for me. She was really kind and I didn't think it was only because of her job.

It was Amanda. I answered.

"Hi." Amanda greeted.

Wordlessly, Nurse Thompson left the room. Leaving me alone to my call. It was 7:45pm and I was suddenly in the mood for spicy tamales.

"Hi Amanda. How are you?" I greeted quietly. My voice weak. I cleared my throat to put some life into the voice. The last thing I needed was for Amanda to sense anything wrong.

"How are Alan and the kids?" I pressed. I hadn't heard from her since her birthday weeks ago.

"Fine, Sparkles." I heard her say.

I hitched a breath. Hearing that name, nostalgia flooded me. And I found myself thinking of high school and Alec. I stifled a sob with my palm.

"I wanted to apologize for the way I've acted recently."

Thank God she didn't hear my sob. Tears found their way.

"I've been stressed about something and I need to see you, so we can talk," Amanda said.

I composed myself, even though I found that difficult. Her words barely registering.

"Did you hear me, Ken?" She asked.

I sniffed. "Yes, Amanda."

"I'd be coming into town tomorrow night with my friends, so we can catch up, Ken. Say Monday evening. I haven't been the best sister since your wedding. Let me make this up to you," Amanda said.

I cleaned my eyes with my palm. I was not feeling too good to socialize. But the hopeful tone in my sister's voice and the need to change scenery, won.

"Alright, Amanda. Just call me when you're ready. I'd be there." I informed her.

She laughed and I managed to smile. Then she told me about the kids and how they missed me so much. I suddenly found the topic of kids distracting. And Amanda was kind enough to indulge me on the topic.

After the call ended, I eased into the covers, sleep overwhelming me. I didn't want to sleep, because if I did, I'd see Alec's face. The horror he must have felt, when the gun was pointed to his head. I'd see the shock on his face, when the bullet passed through his head.

And I'd hate Levi for it all. Even though I was aware that I should have maintained a distance with Alec, knowing the disposition of Levi. But how was I to know that the man was more than a monster. That he was the devil himself. That inside all that charming and kind exterior, lurked darkness. A shadow, morphed into a human form.

Worse I was having his baby. And I didn't need to transfer the hate to my baby.

Despite what now existed between us, I was never going to hate my baby. I was going to love this baby with all my heart. Teach the baby values, contrary to whatever he must have been given.

Although, something gnawed in my heart that this side of Levi only existed because of his past. I couldn't allow it take root. If I did, I'd feel sorry for him. And I didn't want to feel that way.

I had given him a chance for him to tell me all about himself. I had wanted to know him, utterly. The bad and good sides.

I had wanted to share in his horror. His pain, which he had endured as a child, because I had fallen in love with him.

Rather he had chosen to throw my offer in my face. Chose a world of depravity that had enveloped him. He had chosen to remain irredeemable.

Now he had destroyed us. Cast a forever shadow. No more light.

I had lost the love of my life.
###chapter 130: I Saw You...
  
***Levi.***

***September 15th, eight years earlier***

By August 15th, three months later, I married Belle.

If you were a socialite and hadn't attended the wedding, you were snobbed.

The entire wedding turned out a success and the bride, received the best set of diamonds as a wedding band, mined by my company.

Yes, in addition to construction, I discreetly owned and ran the mining company, which I inherited from my family. Rebranded to RINA mines, in honor of my parents, we legally mined diamonds, and other precious minerals.

I had been the happiest groom. Marrying a girl from a top socialite family. Additionally, a girl I had fallen for. While her parents had been the most elated; their daughter marrying New York's best. Her twin on the other hand had regarded me with scorn and suspicion, the entire time.

But I could only see Belle.

I hadn't seen her lips pulled into a tight line. Or her neck taut from her forced smile.

Yes, everyone wondered why I hadn't taken it slow, and I usually wondered the same. But who determined these things. Cupid's arrow struck, you obliged.

Now, two years later, I was wondering why I hadn't noticed the red flags. Or I had, but only cast it as the whims of a superficial, young, beautiful woman. A woman, who was used to men falling at her feet, with her smile.

10pm and I was sitting to dinner at the Ruthford mansion, waiting for my dear wife of two years to return.

Our Anniversary was tonight and I had made ample preparations to show my love still burned after two years. I wanted to show her all the passion my words sometimes couldn't say. Life had turned me into a taciturn guy. As a result, I allowed my actions speak my emotions.

Her favorite food prepared. A stunning diamond set worth hundreds of dollars for her. Yet she was absent.

I knew where she was. I was no fool. Had her every move followed by my men. However, I wanted to believe I was married to a pious woman. Even though the evidence that presently lay exposed on the table said differently.

I had just finished watching another footage of my wife having sex with multiple partners. Five this time. A higher number to the three she had been having for the past two years since we married. Yes, Belle Ruthford, started cheating on me, from the moment we got married.

Even at the wedding reception.

There was a time she had excused herself to go powder her nose or something. When she returned, she had reeked of sex and I had almost choked. But somehow a kiss from her beautiful lips, which now I remember, had smelled foul, thawed me.

Unfortunately, I hadn't seen the footage sent by my men, until after the entire ceremony the following morning.

"Where are you coming from?" I asked Belle, as she walked by, smelling of bullshit.

She managed to clean up nice, considering the life footage I had just watched of her. She was startled by me; by the entire arrangement of the table. My gaze, hardened, remained on her the entire time. My vision blurred with men fucking every orifice she had, moments ago.

When I said I had men watching her every move, I meant 24/7.

"Where the fuck are you coming from, Belle?!" I roared.

She jerked in fright, knowing that she had never seen my rage.

I had always shown her tenderness, leniency. Even when her parents had died a year ago, and she had chosen to stay away from me for six months, I hadn't argued. I had allowed her. Even though I later knew her whereabouts for those six monts. She had been in our property in Milan, indulging in sick debauchery.

At this point, my patience was done; replaced by a seething revulsion and hatred.

Inching closer to her, I held the tablet to her face and let her see her own sin.

Tonight I was her judgement, and she was my worst mistake. Belle's skin turned pale, as she currently watched the video. Her moans in the video sickening to my stomach. Petrified, she was unable to look me in the face.

"Do you know what they call me in the underworld." My tone wasn't supposed to be menacing, but I had drained all capability of humanity at this point. I was void of emotion but hate. "Am the King of New York My love. I have you all here." I showed her my palm, for emphasis.

She trembled now, her eyes pleading.

"It'sit's-"

"Save it, Belle. I saw you from the first time you did it on our wedding day. I know you." I cut her off. She gasped, frightened.

I picked up my phone, raising it to my ear. "Come inside. Have the entire estate locked, until this is over." I put the phone away, returning to my seat. Anger simmering inside me.

I couldn't even look at her. This same woman, who I had given my world, my time. I had bought her a property in Milan as her wedding gift and she had gone to pay me this way. Well the Milan property was sold now. She didn't need to find that out. Where she was going, there'd be only her eternal judgement.

"LeviI'm sorry. ItIt wasn't my intentionI lo"

I cut her a look and whatever she had wanted to say, was swallowed back. The moment was interrupted by the door opening and my men filing in.

She turned and gasped. Her latest five lovers being dragged into our presence. They were struggling, infuriating me.

"BelleWhat is this?" One of them asked.

I frowned at his audacity. A familiar model. She didn't even have any taste. Fucked boy toys.

To answer his question. I walked to him.

"This, my friend, is the beginning of your end." I swept a gaze across them.

My guilty captives. Their executioner.
###chapter 131: Crimson…
  
***Kenya.***

***April 8th, few months earlier***

It was 4pm, Monday. We were practicing for the show in May, next month at the theater.

I was finally selected for the show, as a backup dancer. I didn't mind.

Byron always loved us performing on the Manhattan stage for a show, to get us prepared.

It had been four days since Hank's birthday. Four days since I moved into Andy's house.

She didn't mind. Asked me to stay longer. Hank was furious at my arrangement and was weary of my excuses.

When he called yesterday and I informed him that Andrea and I needed to master our routines, he had flared. I wasn't exhausted of all the excuses I was giving him. I was ready to keep manufacturing excuses, until I found the courage to leave him.

I told mum and Amanda about him. Knowing mum, she asked me to leave him. Said no person deserved an absusive relationship.

But mum was perfect and she didn't ever suffer derision from an impediment, whenever she walked the streets.

I saw it in people's eyes, and It made me miserable.

Hank was a safe zone for me. Someone who I felt gave me what I yearned for.

We finished the routine, just when Hank strolled into the theater. Surprised at seeing him, I tried to control my emotions. Dreading his presence.

Silently I let him lead us backstage, since he asked we talked. I equally needed us to talk.

Behind a screen door, I finished slipping into my shirt, when I felt strong arms around my waist. I stilled, the familiar scent of Hank, assaulting me. He always wore expensive perfume. Unfortunately, my dread of him, now made me find his scent, repulsive.

"Hey Baby. I missed you terribly. Your touch on my cock. Fucking your beautiful, small mouth. Remember how you couldn't take all of me into your throat." Hank growled in my ear. Grinding my arse with his erection.

His fingers already in my shirt, tweaking my nipples painfully. I was already wet and at the same time, disgusted by him. I wanted to have sex so bad. But not with Hank Hera.

He was the worst mistake I had ever made and I needed him gone.

He had no passion. No compassion. Nothing. It was like he was void of everything but sheer lust and ambition.

"I wanna fuck you baby. Right here, right now." He slipped his fingers into my waistband, finding my center. I gasped. His touch rough.

He began toying with my clit, evoking soft moans from me.

I heard my button unhook, my zipper following. He struggled to lower my jeans and I fought him, pushing him away, gently.

"No Hank. If you must have me, then why can't you cherish me. Be gentle with me," I fiercely said.

My eyes locked with his. He had a cloudy look on me.

This was the first man I was allowing into my life, and so far, there had been nothing but filthy lust in his eyes. I couldn't even see any speck of genuine desire.

Andy described his kind as the ones who fucked and left. Once they got what they wanted, they abandoned you.

His hardened gaze replaced the lust.

"You've been telling me this nonstop for weeks. I can have any pussy I want, Kenya. But I chose you. You should be grateful that I didn't leave, when my friends advised me. Despite your leg, I stayed." Hank bitterly spat.

I hitched my breath, astonished. So there hadn't been any affection for me. He had only seen me as pitiable case. I wanted to cry so bad, but I fought the urge.

A dull, familiar ache, found its way and I embraced it, allowing it take effect on me. I wasn't going to settle for anyone, who saw me less than human.

"Then leave." I didn't know where I found the courage.

But it rolled off my tongue, effortlessly. Peace filling me.

My declaration startled Hank, his eyes wide. When he regained himself, his eyes grew dark.

"What did you say?" He asked. I stood.

"I said, leave. I don't need your pity. I told you before, I am keeping myself for my future husband. And I stand on my word, Hank."

He hardened his gaze, taking slow steps, until he stood before me. He snarled.

"Let me hear you say that again, Kenya." His tone dropped to something menacing.

I flinched inwardly, not letting my fear show.

Shakily, I repeated my words. "I need you out of my life, Hank. Now"

A hand struck my face hard.

I screamed from the impact. Unexpected.

My ears ringing. The force shifting me. I landed into a pile of wires and appliances, just when I heard my friends rush into the scene. A sharp pain inside my palm and I looked. Blood. A deep gash.

"Ah" I cried. Instantly, Andrea rushed to my side.

"Rory, call the cops." Andrea called, sharply. She tried to stem the bleeding, but couldn't. Rory did as he was told, while Mike and a few other male dancers held Hank.

"Get off me!" Hank Cried, furiously.

"Not a chance. Andrea told me how you've been hitting Kenya. This ends now. If she can't fight you, then we will." Mike snarled. Someone brought a rope and Hank was tied.

"So, you're the fuckers that asked her to leave me, huh?" Hank spoke with derision.

"You deserve it." Mike threw back, pushing a bound Hank into a seat. Two other dancers came with a first aid kit and finally tended the wound.

Soon, Dave and the cops arrived. The cops asked I pressed charges, but I refused.

He left with a warning, displeasing everyone, present.

Before the cops left, one of them met me.

"Crimson is the only thing now, tomorrow it could be a coffin. Nip this in the bud."

His smile was wan.

His eyes held pain.

He had seen this before.
###chapter 132: Flawed…
  
***Kenya.***

***Present day, two days later***

We sat on the terrace of Mountain Crest restaurant. A majestic restaurant patronized by the billionaires of New York. No wonder I had never dined in it, until today.

Amanda and two of her friends, arrived New York last night. When she had informed me of our reservations here, I was speechless, even in my state.

Sipping our drinks, after out meals, Amanda's friends stepped out to go and smoke, while they left both of us alone. Amanda looked beautiful tonight, dressed in a white jumpsuit. I wore a pale blue maxi, body con dress, and matching shoes.

"You didn't drink." Amanda observed.

I shook my head. I wasn't ready to break the news to any of my family yet about my pregnancy. I still needed time to recover from my shock.

"No. I didn't feel like, especially with Alec's death." My expression was rueful.

"The Cruso guy from high school you always talked about?" Amanda piped up. She knew my crush on Alec then. "Yeah, that guy's death was sad. His body was ground up." Amanda filled in.
I frowned, confused.

"Ground up? What do you mean?"

"It's all over the news, Ken. They say his body was destroyed. Left in a body bag in front of his family's estate. Only his ID gave him away." Amanda revealed.

I paled. Horrorstruck.

I hadn't looked at the news in days. When Amanda sent me the address of this restaurant, I had simply asked Steve, my designated driver to chauffeur me.

"Ineed to talk to you, Ken." Amanda's voice broke my thoughts. I nodded absently. Unable to assimilate Amanda's revelation about Alec.

"Ihaven't been there for you and I'm sorry..."

"No, AmandaIt's"

"Ken. Let me finish, please." There was a tremor in her voice. Desperation. Suddenly, I grew wary, watching her.

"I used to be a whore. A flawed woman." Amanda started. I stilled, swallowing. *The night shifts?* "I used work at a Pleasure club for the rich. We were called exclusive women. Their personal whores. They had rights to do whatever they desired. Different men."

I saw pain in my sister's eyes. Guilt. Shame.

"I was 18 when I got recruited. That was when I first saw him." Amanda said, ruefully. *Him?* I couldn't ask her questions. I just listened.

"My first job that night. I had been asked to stand in the booth, while the patrons window shopped. Still an innocent at the time. Once they learned I was untried, they had placed a high price on me.

"When the patron chose me, I was led into a lavishly furnished room. Terrified, I had stood there, waiting for this man to ravish me. Scared shitless. Rather than that, this man, handsome, his eyes kind, turned to me. He saw my fear and he sat us down. Talking. He said he just wanted us to talk.

"Asked me my name. Why I wasn't in school. He asked me about stuff. Boyfriend. I told him my name as I was trained to. Told him I liked Tobit, but he was gone to college, had a different girlfriend. He told me he lost his wife two months back. I felt sorry for him.

"That was how I relaxed. I liked him. The way he talked. His kindness. Then I told him I was ready to let him in. That I was a virgin. He asked me to keep it for someone worth it, not him"

"Oh my God, Kenya. You are a kind ass." Chelsea, Amanda's friend cried, as she and Gabby approached us. "I don't think I'd be this forgiving, after I find out that my husband once ate my sister's pussy, when she was an 18 year old virgin."

Amanda gasped, dragging my attention to her. I watched my sister turn into colors of horror, in seconds.

"Chelsea!" Gabby chided in a low tone.

"What?! Am just sighting the obvious. I mean he had skillfully eaten Amanda's pussy then and Amanda had only found out he was the same person, on Kenya's wedding day," Chelsea said.

Then her face fell on Amanda and she stilled. "Oh no, you haven't told her yet?" Chelsea asked, horrified.

I looked at the discomfort in my sister's face, the words sinking in.

Immediately, the pictures came together.

*Oh my God! Oh my God!*

I instantly rose up; unsteady from the abruptness. When I was steady again, I looked at my sister and her friends, who all looked apologetic, before I stormed out of their presence.

I heard Amanda calling, didn't stop. I continued walking to the park. Putting distance between me and my sister.

Tears spilled, blurring my vision. But I didn't clean my eyes. I was refusing to believe what I just heard.

"Kenya!" Amanda finally pulled me to a halt with one tug. I pulled my arm off her.

"Leave me alone." I cried, continuing on my way.

"No." She came to stand in my way. "Not until you listen to all I have to say."

I saw tears in her eyes, mirroring mine.

"I didn't know Levi Ruthford was the same man, until the wedding."

I closed my ears, trying to shut her off. She pried them open. Forcing me to listen.

"You have to hear me, Ken... We were all masked... Never to see each other's faces. Our patrons didn't know us and neither did we. Only business connected us together. HeHe only touched me, because I pleaded with him to, after I saw his kindness." Amanda trembled.

I was panting. My heart ripping.

Amanda was lying. She couldn't be certain it was the same man. She just couldn't. After all, she confessed they had all been masked.

Glaring at her, I said, "How did you know it was him? You said so yourself you were all masked." My voice was weak, but I held on to some hope.

My sister's sad eyes said it all. "His tattoo. I'd never forget that tattoo."
###chapter 133: Seven Forty-Five…
  
***Levi***.

The meeting finally finished. My absent mind perused the files that my secretary presented before me.

My head nodding to almost everything she said. 

"Sir? Are you sure you're approving demolition of that building? You said so yourself, it's an architectural wonder." 
Her alarmed voice jolted me.

I looked at the file.

A 19th century building in Louisiana that I was asked to renovate by the municipality, for use as a museum. It used to be owned by one of the richest Creole families, back in the day. 

I was distracted. Barely made any contributions during the meeting. I only grunted my response, most of the time. 

"Can you leave me with these until tomorrow, Renee. I'd go through them." I informed her.

What I really wanted to say was, '*I've ruined my home Renee! I've no fucking way of fixing it.'* 

She looked at me, concerned, before she nodded and left. Leaving the files.

I stared at the walls of my office, everything closing in on me. Even this spacious office suddenly seemed hundred sizes too small. My phone blared from an incoming message. 

***Albert Bethel: Hey man. Am in town. Catch up at Possess?***

I looked at the phone for several seconds. I had no idea he was around. He was rarely around, with his secret life. And his business affairs that took him all over the world. Hadn't seen him in months. 

***Me: Sure. Be there in a flash.***

At least someone to lift my spirits. Welcoming the distraction, I left.

Fifteen minutes later, I was strolling into the interior of Possess Club and Casino, New York.

Albert and I had convinced Liam to open a joint in New York, when New York had requested an outlet.

Like the other Possess outlets, well furnished.

For a Monday evening at 7:50pm, the bar well attended.

I located Albert in his VIP booth. He was alone, absently watching a lone stripper as she danced on stage. 

"Hey man." I greeted as I sank into the seat across from him. He regarded me, studiously.

"You look like crap," Albert said coolly. "For a man, who married recently, that is." 

He was teasing. He had the weirdest sense of humor. 

I broke into a smile. "Good to see you too. You sort of missed the reception, so you're not one to talk." I teased back. 

And like that we sank into our usual ease with eachother.

Albert Bethel, businessman, Ex-Navy Seal. A social recluse; still remained my closest friend after all these years.

We had drifted apart, when my father died, and a year later, his father shipped him off to the Navy. 

We had kept in touch for a year. Both of us, lost in a world our fathers had carved out for us.

Then one day, he went quiet. Ignored my calls, messages. Zoned out on me.

I had seen it as it was; effects from pressures of the real world and I had allowed him. Swamped by my own pressures.

I had given up hope on ever seeing him, knowing our paths became different.

Then when I turned twenty five, a man who called himself Albert, but didn't as hell look like Albert, strolled into my office.

A different man, when I saw him. 

He had on dark leather gloves in the month of July. Spotted a small pony tail and a sun kissed skin. Only when I looked into his eyes, I recognized Albert.

Deep, ocean blue orbs, like his late mother's. But behind those eyes, the Albert I knew was gone. Just like me. Our bodies replaced by dark souls. 

"How's your wife?" Albert asked, after we had caught up with lost times.

He just returned from a business trip in Italy, but he didn't elaborate further.

I futilely tried on a peaceful expression.

"She's fine." My words came out clipped.

I was reluctant to talk about her, about us.

My phone rang in my pocket and I picked it.

Amanda Preston.

I puzzled as I answered. "Hi."

I had grabbed her number from Kenya to call her on her birthday. 

"LeLeviPleaseI've been calling Kenya for minutes now and she isn't picking up. Just now, her number went straight to voice mail. Am worried about her. She didn't look good before she left." Amanda panicked. I panicked.

"What happened? When did you last hear from her?" I asked, worriedly. Rising to my feet. Albert equally did the same, watching me concernedly. 

"Like an hour ago. II told her about us, years ago" She cried. *Us*? I grew confused. "How we had met at a club, when I was 18 and you hadyou hadOh God how do I say this?" She broke down.

I was confused. *Us?* 

"Where are you?" I asked her, already rushing out. Albert was close behind. "What do you mean us?" I needed to know where Amanda was. It would help me trace Kenya. 

"I was the girl you had refused to sleep with, years ago at a whore house. The one who had been a virgin," she said. I couldn't remember her. I couldn't comprehend anything at the moment. Right now, I was concerned about my wife. 

"Apollos." Amanda's voice came. I halted. 

"*You*?" I asked, dumbfounded.

Memories tangled with that name rolled in.

*Apollos*, the strangest name I had ever heard for a pleasure girl. I remembered the masked girl that I had talked to. That had listened to me. I remembered her voice, when she had asked me to take her. And I had refused. Choosing to taste her instead. 

"*GodYou're Apollos?*" I muttered into the phone. This was bad. *Kenya*. I felt sick. "Where are you?" 

"Mountain Crest." 

I tried to relax. "I'd let you know when I find her. Get some rest." 

An incoming call slipped in, just as I was hanging up.

"You have until 12 am, to inform the nation on Seven Forty-five news, that you're withdrawing from the elections, or your wife dies."
###chapter 134: I Can’t Lose Her…
  
***Levi.***

The clipped call ended abruptly. Nothing more. 

I froze. 

"What happened" Albert asked, concerned.

I turned to him. I didn't even know how to take it in. I didn't know what to say. I stared, horror struck.

The otherworldly voice on the call, hadn't sounded human. I thought about Kenya. My baby. 

Raking a shaky hand through my hair, I said. "Someone just called, informing me that he has my wife." I watched Albert's face turn to steel. 

"If I don't break the news of my withdrawal from the elections, before 12am on Seven Forty-five news, they'll kill her." I was frantic. 

My nerves twisted.

*How did they get her? Oh God!* 

My knees buckled, I sank to the concrete. I couldn't think. It was like my mind suddenly went blank.

I didn't even think twice about her sister's confession. Kenya was in trouble. 

For seconds, I was disoriented.

Growling, pounding my fists into my thighs. I wanted the ground to swallow me whole, because I deserved it. I had taken the threat of this BB guy lightly. Now he had my life. 

*My entire life; Kenya, our baby.*

"Put yourself together man." Albert managed. "Is there anyone you suspect?" 

I groaned. "There's someone. But my team hasn't been able to decipher his codes, to crack his identity. It's likeIt's like a stone wall." My sins were haunting me. 

The elections didn't matter at the moment. What mattered was my wife and my unborn child. They were the only fragments of hope that still connected me to humanity. The only treasure I sought. 

Kenya was that ray of sunshine in my life. And our unborn child, was only an added bonus. Our completion. A little bit of us in one bundle of joy. A perfect gift package. Just like the one I had sent her in Baltimore, to congratulate her on the successful completion of her first movie role. 

I had known all about her movements in Baltimore, because I had been there.

You see, I owned the hotel she had put up in for those days. And had asked she be given an executive room.

I had been in the room next to hers; watching her, seeing her sleep from the cctv footage. Just contented having her near me, despite the distance.

When she had phone sexed someone else, even though I had been the person, I had been hurt. Felt betrayed. I had followed Kenya all through, like a besotted fool, as she paraded herself with that Alec guy.

When I had seen the footages of her with him; the peaceful expression she had in his presence, I had envied him. And had been relieved, when they stopped seeing each other.

I had known she had fallen for him, even though she claimed otherwise. I had seen her adoration for him. Perhaps seeing him as a better version of me. 

I hadn't minded been seen as a sick stalker, I had followed Kenya. Hopeful that she didn't break me like Belle had. Praying that somehow, her declaration of love for me was true. 

And then word reached me that Alec was seen heading to her room and all hell broke lose.

The old pain, the betrayal I suffered from Belle. A demon I had tucked away, got unleashed. 

I had been in the room next door, agonizingly watching my wife kissed by another man on the footage. Utterly ravished that I had turned to ice.

I watched it all, pain searing me into pieces. 

I had sent them a complimentary drink, courtesy the hotel. Their wine glasses laced with heavy doses of sleeping pills.  

And by the time they had fallen asleep, I had asked my men to slip in and take them below.

Blinded by my rage, I hadn't seen anything past her betrayal. A reminder of my reasons for never falling in love again.

My entire fondness for her, my adulation, had been replaced by nothing but sheer hate. Anger scorching all I felt for her within me to crisp. 

In that moment her tears had meant nothing. Her fears, her whimpers. All I had seen had been the exact pain Belle had caused me.

My heart shredded, because I had already begun to realize that I felt a far stronger bond for Kenya, than I had for Belle. 

She had become my every breath. My complete existence. And when the time came for me to hurt her, I had been reluctant. Feared to lose Kenya.

I had hesitated to take my pound of flesh from her.  And when she had announced our baby, I had taken the opportunity to save us. To give us one more chance. To give me one more chance to have her. 

And now it hit me. I wasn't ready to let her go. I'd never let her go. She was my light house in the middle of my dark storm. She was the one breath I always wanted to take. My world, wrapped in a sweet essence of joy and pure love.

She was home.

I sank into the warmth that those words evoked.

"I can't lose herI can't lose her." I repeated continuously to myself.

My voice low.

Gone was the fear. Gone was my anger. This was me. Levi Ruthford, Kenya's husband, Father to our unborn child.

Her protector. 

Inhaling a shaky breath, I got up, letting my hard gaze fall on Albert.

My initial panic replaced by something sinister. Taking root inside me. 

"I'm going to get my wife back. But I need your help. Would you do this, for a brother?" I sternly asked, ferociously.

My heart thudded loudly.

"Sure. Anything for you, brother." Albert nodded.

I pushed back my pain.

*I'm not losing Kenya. Not now, not ever.* 

Taking out my phone, I called Blake. "Blake, something's come up. He has my wife." My tone was dark. But my heart was darker.

My insides succumbing to the monsters that had once consumed me.
###chapter 135: Pip Squeak…
  
***Kenya.***

I finally woke up, my arms aching.

Ropes wound tight around me. Digging into my skin. 

When I looked, I saw I was in undies, again. But this time, I was sitting upright. Strapped with electrical wires. My mouth gagged, throat parched.

I had been trying to pry them open. Frankly with my current situation, I'd have preferred them closed.

I assessed my surroundings. An office. A car sales office, perhaps. My brain, confused. I could hear heavy machinery somewhere, but I wasn't certain. All anger at my sister and Levi, disappeared.

Replaced with fear for I and the baby. 

The office was as spacious as a warehouse; one door. A dusty concrete floor. I wondered the last time they cleaned.

Desks scattered with papers, stood at a far corner. A board, with some weird drawings. *A shipping company, perhaps?*

I wanted to suspect Levi as my abductor, but this was too tacky for him.

I'd give it to him; the man had taste, even with his style of depravity. 

I ignored my panties as it dug into my arse. I was alone in God knows where. My baby and I in danger.

Then I recalled everything. Amanda's confession. My astonishment at it. I hadn't even waited to listen to the rest. The moment she referred to the tattoo, she had won. 

When I had reached the car, I cried. My only thoughts that just once, something Amanda could have left for me. Yet she hadn't. He had to taste her first before me. So I was second best again.

Blinded by jealousy, my inferiority complex, rage, I had asked Steve to take me home. Wanting to drown myself in anguish. Let the aches of sadness devour me. 

We were in one of the black SUV's and it was already dark.

That was when Steve alerted me to a couple of cars following us. I thought he had been mistaking, but when I looked back, I saw them. Their lights glared at us, as we crossed under a bridge. 

That was the moment another car intercepted us in front, causing Steve to pull hard on the brakes. I screamed in fright at the suddenness. My heart in my mouth. 

Four men rushed out from the car in front, pointing guns.

Slowly, we climbed out, kneeling on the floor, as they asked. Without a single hesitation, they shot Steve in the head.

A scream instantly escaped me, seeing the man drop dead.

But someone covered my mouth with a cloth, hushing me. The cloth smelled awful.

I feared for my life, for my baby.

I blacked out. 

So no, this wasn't Levi.

I was anxious now. If they had killed Steve so brutally, then they wouldn't spare me.

I cried hard, staring up at the clock. 10:15pm.

The door flew open, jolting me.

Men filed in, all wearing black ski masks. Ten men. My eyes opened in shock.

They had these guns that I was sure could drill holes in a ship. 

When I looked to the door again, a tall familiar figure came inside. The man with the Unseelie mask at the party, who had caused us to drift.

I recalled his threats from that night and I suddenly grew alarmed. I was really in danger. 

"Welcome, Mrs Ruthford. We meet again." He was close.

Someone brought a chair. He sat. The mask still frightened me, but now, he frightened me more. He placed a gun in his laps. Perhaps reminding me that he was in control. I couldn't even argue. He had me at a deadlock here. All gagged, bound. 

"I warned your husband, but he didn't listen." His said sternly.

I was shaky. Frightened. Worse, I was wearing only undies. I felt completely vulnerable. 

"The problem is your husband never takes me seriously. Never has. I was always shoved aside, never seen. For years, I followed in his wake, adoring his style, his charisma. The way he handled tasks. Never one day did he take me under his wing. Rather, always saw me as Pip Squeak. The name they all called me, because I was so small." He supplied. 

I frowned. *Small*? He didn't look small. Rather had this kickboxing-golf playing-guy built. He looked at me with a knowing smile. Like he read my mind. 

"Yes I know; I look wonderful now. Years of good food and professional dietary plans." He grew thoughtful. His eyes raking me. "Aside from your limp, you're a very desirable woman, you know. I'd have loved to take you, here and now. Perhaps share you with my men, after I'm done. But a deal is a deal." 

My eyes opened wide. I whimpered. *God I was in trouble*.

I cried that I was pregnant. Unfortunately, my words came out like this,

"MmmMmmMmmMmm." 

He laughed, sinisterly. His expression obscured by the mask. "Am sorry sweet heart, I can't hear you. But have no fear. I've got a deal with your husband. I had him called earlier. If he can give a press release concerning his withdrawal from the elections, you'll be walking out of this junkyard alive." 

I shuddered inwardly. Hit by those words. My eyes blurry with tears. The man's tone cold. I could only see the ruthlessness of a killer. I couldn't see any humanity. He had given Levi a difficult ultimatum. To choose between career and me. 

Suddenly I grew sad for Levi. Withdrawing from elections that he had worked hard for. Gaining the confidence of the people, despite his past. That would be awful. It was damn cruel for this man to use Levi's world to crush him.

I was sinking in despair, knowing Levi had no care for me and so wouldn't have to save me. Only hatred existed. I could die tomorrow and he'd move on. 

I hung my head in grief, weeping.

I heard their sick laughter.

The door flew open.

The laughers stopped.

I heard his voice. 

"Get your face off my wife, Crompton."
###chapter 136:  I’ll Take a Shot for You…
  
***Levi***.

I gazed hard. My beautiful wife bound with thick ropes, in nothing but her undies.  

Her head lifted up immediately she heard my voice. Hope soared inside me. Her mouth, gagged, but her eyes spoke enough.

My heart broke, seeing her like this. I thought I lost her.

*God! I was happy seeing her.*

When we had finally tracked the car she travelled in, we had come short.

Getting there, the cops and paramedics taking Steve's body, I hadn't said a word to the cops. I needed to handle this myself. They had shown me Kenya's phone, which they had found in the bushes. 

My heart dipped into my gut, as the cops asked I gave them time. But I didn't wait. My men were searching.

I had prayed to God at some point; asking He helped me find Kenya.

I couldn't remember the last time I prayed; asked Him for anything. But I had. 

I had gone to a church nearby, cried my heart out. Hadn't cried for years. I asked God for forgiveness. Pleading He didn't let my wife and unborn baby pay for my sins. I had even reminded him that He was a God of mercy, His love constant. I had promised to confess everything to Kenya. To come clean.

I had been stepping out of the church, when Blake called that they had traced the call. The caller, one of his men, hadn't secured the call; giving us a link to them. And now, here I was.

Strolling into the place, guns were poised as I closed in on the fucker.

I recognized the mask from the footage of Kenya's party. And I regretted not discovering the person in time. I hadn't realized it was Crompton.

I hadn't investigated him enough. My eyes fell briefly on Kenya. Alarm, relief and elation in her eyes. Eyes that stayed on me. 

"You alright, Baby?" I asked her, softly, standing before her.

She nodded frantically, whimpering. Her words came out muffled.

My jaw tightened.

By the time my eyes fell back on Crompton, his mask was off. His eyes, wide with astonishment. He spared her a glance, then turned to me.

"You should be on the news, making a statement," Crompton said. "What are you doing here?" He asked, fiercely.

I held his gaze, my expression blank.

At this point, I had only one intention; get out of here alive with my wife. 

"You were always a prick face, weren't you, Pip Squeak." I snickered.

His man, the caller, had confessed to everything about Crompton under torture. That's why we delayed reaching here.

"It's not Pip Squeak anymore, Kill Code. Bomb Blast." Crompton cut in, irritated. 

*BB.*

I grinned, darkly.

Yes, I remembered him alright. How did I forget? Little kid that joined the gang, few months after I did. Overzealous, overly intelligent genius, who had always loved explosives and computers. Had always thought he eventually ended up in juvie.

"You should have remembered one thing about me from back then. Two things I never do; Flight or fright." I snarled, darkly.

His gaze was steady. 

"You still think you're better than me don't you? You're defeated, Kill Code. 
I have you cornered. You come here without any men nor weapons. You aren't leaving here alive. Neither would your sweet, little wife." Crompton shifted a dirty look to Kenya.

Bile rising in me. My gut twisted in anger. But I remained composed. Giving nothing away. I could feel Kenya's eyes on me now, and I just knew she was frightened. We both were.

"If I die tonight, I die knowing It was for her. The woman I love." I breathed.

I heard Kenya's muffled moan beside me. I turned to her.

Crompton's men still had guns poised, but I didn't care.

I stared into my wife's eyes, surprise in her gaze at my earnest confession. 

Yes, I finally confessed it.

I was in love with my wife. And I had been a fool for suppressing my feelings, all this time. 

"Yes Baby, I'll take a shot for you any day, because I have fallen in love with you. I had fallen months back, but had been too scared to accept." I smiled.

I wished I could see her smile. "You remember when you pole danced for me. We made love and I looked into your eyes for the first time. I saw you." She nodded, I smiled.

A knowing look crossed her face. "That was the moment I surrendered to you. But I was a coward." 

I had promised to come clean with her and I was doing that.

Inhaling a shaky breath, I spoke. 

"I'm a killer. I've been since I was 16. Crompton here was in the gang with us. We killed, supplied hard drugs. We were into it all. I wanted to tell you so bad, but I didn't know howMy alias was Kill Code. I was a silent assassin that went on missions for our boss, Rowan" 

"How touching." I heard a gun click close to my ear, as Crompton snickered. The gun pressed into my skin. "But I don't have time for this shit. I asked you to do something and you didn't. You still think I'm kidding right?" 

"No. I know you aren't. But I want to know, what made you hate me this much?" I asked, quietly. I had no single weapon on me. I had walked in this lion's den, unarmed. My heart bare.

"You don't still know?" He asked, incredulously. Raw pain etched in his voice. I shook my head, my hands clenched beside me. "You left me to die in that hell hole, when Rowan got blown up." 

I frowned, confused.

I couldn't remember that. If memories served correctly, I hadn't selected Pip Squeak on that mission, because he had been too small. Even though he was a couple of months younger than me.

"I didn't choose you on that mission, Crompton, because"

"Your biggest sin."
###chapter 137: What’s Red and Pierces …
  
***Kenya.***

I stared at my husband, who just confessed to me.

*Tears.* 

*He loves me. He came to rescue me. I am his priority.*

I wanted to jump into his arms, kiss him, but I couldn't.

I was tied up. 

And Crompton, who would have thought he was the masked man.

I was so angry such a man wanted to be senator. Then again, so was my husband. Neither of them worthy to be Senators. Still, neither of them could be blamed. Both had fallen into the world of criminality. 

He had a gun pointed at Levi's head, and the sight really scared me.

"You all saw me as an incapable person, because of my small size. You refused me in your team, because you saw me as inadequate." Crompton's incensed voice, filtered into my thoughts. 

I turned a worried look to Levi, surprised at his calmness. The number of guns pointed at him worried me. And he had come here unarmed, just because of me. None of his men present.

Crompton actually looked more agitated than Levi, who had guns pointed to his head. 

"I didn't choose you, because I didn't want you soiling your hands like we did." Levi quietly started. "Worse, I didn't need you compromising the mission with your carelessness. Just like you carelessly compromised this mission; leading you to being caught." Levi's tone was firm. 

"Am not careless!" Crompton yelled. "I am not careless! Don't tell me I'm careless, like my foster father said I was!" Crompton hysterically yelled. His gun hand shaking, as he tried to maintain a steady hold on it.

Levi didn't even flinch, he only watched.

"That was the reason I killed them. My foster parents, they were kind, generous, but they thought I'd ruin the family legacy." Crompton's hand lowered, as he began pacing. It was like he was locked in another moment. I was worried for Levi, even though Crompton had already lowered the gun.

"I had slipped into the vehicle that had Blake, Rico and the others. No one had noticed. I wanted to be so part of that mission, because I knew you would rule and I wanted to be a part of your new dynasty." His voice grew shaky. He even sat.

I suddenly felt pity for him. This was a man, who had idolized Levi and had gotten disappointed in his icon. 

"When you blew up the place, I had been buried in all the rubble. When the fire fighters came, they had discovered me. Rushed me to the hospital. I had suffered burns on half my body and needed plastic surgery." He raised his right hand, pulled up his sleeve. The skin was rough. Levi remained impassive.

"That was when the Cromptons came. While I was there, they came to see kids that they were sponsoring. And they heard of me. Mr Greg Crompton had instantly asked that the best team of surgeons be called in. Within hours, they arrived and the surgery was done. 

"A few months later, the Cromptons became my new family. Greg and Christy Crompton. They loved me very much. Gave me everything." Tears rolled down Cromptons eyes.

I felt his suffering. He was a child that had suffered a lot. They had both gone through a lot. 

"But they expected much from me. They always reminded me I wasn't a full blood. That I acted as a ghetto kid. I hated them for that. In spite of their kindness and love, I couldn't forgive them for the disparagement. It reminded me of how you all treated me. 

"So I had them killed, when I turned 26. Hacked into the traffic system that night and they all died in that accident that had claimed lives on 57th"

"The accident that had killed the Moores?" Levi's voice icily came. I looked at him, a shadow crossed his face. "People died in that accident, Crompton. And you did that to take vengeance on a family that had taken you in, given you a life"

"Correction Ruthford." Crompton cut in snidely. "I did that to remove them, before they changed their will. They had been threatening to give up everything to charity, if I didn't act as a Crompton." He scoffed. "But I guess, they couldn't take the ghetto from me." 

I had heard about that accident on 57th, years ago. I had been fourteen then. It had been a gruesome sight. Lives had been lost that night, because something had happened to the traffic system there. Some notable billionaires had equally been among the casualties. Knowing that this man had been responsible for such carnage, I couldn't even bring myself to feel sorry for him anymore. 

"You killed the Moores for that. Does Benjamin know you killed his parents? You two are obviously close that he had given you some information about Belle's death to have made my wife upset that night of her party," Levi said. 

"Oh, Benjamin just died like an hour before you strolled in." Crompton smugly declared. My eyes widened in astonishment. "He wanted me to kill you. I wanted you alive so you could watch your defeat, when I became senator, after you withdrew. Now I see you're no use to me." Crompton rose from the chair, gun poised. His expression sinister.

I struggled in the chair. Levi spared me a look and even winked at me.

I frowned.

*He was in front of a gun, winking?*

"Let's play a game, Crompton," Levi slyly said. Crompton's expression mirrored mine. Confusion, disbelief. But somehow Crompton took the challenge. 

"Why bother, you already going to lose." Crompton triumphantly remarked. Levi shrugged casually. "Go for it," Crompton said, the gun on Levi's chest. 

"What's red and pierces like an arrow?" Levi asked, darkly.

*A riddle?*

We were in shit and Levi was giving a damned riddle. His body language a contrast to the surrounding tension.  

"What?" Crompton asked, confused. I was confused.

"Dock," Levi quietly said.

*Bang!*

*Bang!* 

*Bang!*
###chapter 138: Trust Me...
  
***Levi.***

The first three shorts came, taking down Crompton and two of his men. 

In the seconds that followed, similar shots came. Calculated shots, dropping the men dead. They didn't even have time to retaliate. I heard Kenya's sounds beside me and rushed to her. Crouching low, shielding her. 

Crompton fell on his knees at our feet, his eyes wide. An opening bore through the middle of his chest, blood soaking his black shirt. He looked pained, staring into my eyes. Shocked, as he realized that he eventually got defeated. That he lost to me. 

He let go of the gun, his mouth parted to speak. But no sounds came. Falling to the ground, Crompton lay there. Dead. His gaze, blank.

A fleeting emotion that bordered around pity for Crompton passed through me.

For years he had harbored a grudge against me. And he had grown into a man, bearing such a grudge. I had seen his intelligence and had admired him for it, when we had been in the gang. Perhaps that had been the reason I hadn't involved him in our missions; I hadn't wanted him to sully his hands with blood like the rest of us. I had wanted to preserve one innocent from all the evil we had been forced into. 

A resentment that had caused him to kill his foster family. A family that had taken him in, given him life. An enviable life.

Despite his claim, Crompton had no moral rights to murder Greg and his wife. I had known Crompton as Mat Fisher, back in the gang. He had chosen an alias back then. But the rest of us had taunted him with pip squeak and it had somehow stuck. 

Now he was dead. His life, wasted.

Kenya trembled in my arms as the gun shots continued. She couldn't clutch me, and I missed the feel of her arms around me. But her warmth still came.

I pressed my head to hers. My embrace silencing her fears. 

I whispered sweet words to her. Calming her, while Albert, his men and mine finished the work.

I don't know how I had found the courage to meet Crompton unarmed, but I had suggested it. Intending to stay true to my promise. Coming clean. Albert had agreed to take charge and I had trusted him.

His team had provided me with a button camera, which they had used to monitor the entire situation. All I had done was step out of the vehicle, while they did the rest. I had no idea where they had been situated. Nothing. Albert had only asked for a riddle as the signal.

And I had.

A few moments later, the sounds of guns quieted and all the smoke began to clear. A silence filled the air for a few seconds, before the thudding of heavy feet announced the presence of Albert and our men.

All dressed in black camo uniforms, ski masks, gadgets, weapons strapped; they rushed in. Checking the bodies of Crompton's men on the ground. 

"All clear!" One of the men declared. My heart relieved at the sound. I looked at Albert, who was the only man among them without a mask. His eyes fixed on me, he nodded that we were safe.

Slowly, I pulled away from the embrace. I regretted not bringing a jacket for Kenya, as I was only in slacks, a shirt and waist coat. Luckily, someone was thoughtful enough to bring a fire blanket for Kenya. 

I covered her in it, her eyes holding mine.

Gently, I took away the gag, which had been taped at the back. Her eyes had tears as our gazes held. Her lips parted. And I found my heart in my mouth, anticipating her next words.

I didn't even know what to say myself, but I wanted to hear her. Someone gave me knife and I reached to begin cutting the ropes, when I saw wires strapped to her. 

"Albert" I called, worriedly.

He came, his eyes falling on the wires. I caught the look on his face and I paled. 

"Explosives." Albert confirmed my fears.

Blake sauntered over in that moment, paling at Albert's declaration.

"What?" Kenya finally spoke.

Worry in her voice.

*So much for the words I wanted to hear.*

I turned to hold her. 

Albert frowned, assessing the wires. "Didn't you say on our way here the guy was a genius with explosives and computers." Albert reminded me.

I had informed Albert of my entire life back then. He had been shocked. The only thing he had said was that we had lived shitty lives. 

"What do we do?" I asked, alarmed. I felt Kenya shudder beneath my arms, while I tried being calm. 

"Levi" Kenya called, softly.

*God I had missed the sound of my name on her lips.* 

Albert walked to go speak to his men, who had been checking the place. Blake drew closer.

"Hello Mrs Ruthford." Blake managed a smile, even though his fear mirrored mine.

Kenya whimpered.

"Am scared, Levi. What's going to happen?" She asked, me. And there I saw it. That look of utter trust, which she had always given me, even before we tied the knot. That look which showed I was her entire world. She was mine to protect. 

I couldn't let anything happen to her, now that I was aware of my feelings for her. I needed to protect her. Be her husband.

Albert strolled over with two of his men, bearing a heavy tool box. They knelt beside Kenya, pushing the box open. Sophisticated tools.

They began working the device, which was connected beneath her chair, no form of explanation. Their meticulousness frightened Kenya. The tension in the air palpable.

I had lost her before. I wasn't losing her again.

Staring deep into her beautiful eyes, I kissed herr. 

A Deep, passion filled kiss. She moaned, despite her fear.

Pulling away gently, I whispered in her lips. "You're going to trust me."
###chapter 139: Am Yours, Forever …
  
***Kenya.***

***Tuesday, 12 hours later***

I opened my eyes and looked around. I was in our room in the Pent house. Levi lay beside me, watching me like a hawk. I smiled weakly, wondering if he had slept a wink. 

We returned from the hospital eight hours ago. I had fallen asleep immediately in Levi's arms. Too exhausted. I had heard his soothing words as I drifted to sleep. Lured into sleep by his voice. 

The bomb got deactivated.

In those few seconds Levi asked I trusted him, I had seen only him. The entire world had faded and only us remained. I had allowed his eyes encourage me, the sounds of tools and heavy breathing around us, insignificant.

When his friend, Albert eventually announced we were safe, it was then I breathed.

Levi had pulled me in for a kiss the minute my ropes were cut. I had welcomed it, drinking him in. My elixir of life.

I got introduced to Albert Bethel, my husband's childhood friend, who had come to my rescue. A very handsome man as well, who I realized too late, hated handshakes. When I had extended him one, he had looked at me, guardedly. Although he had allowed a hug. 

The rest of Albert's men and Levi's men had stayed back to handle the clean-up with the authorities, while Albert accompanied us to the hospital. On the way, I had drifted in and out of sleep. 

In my semi-conscious state, I had deduced that Albert had high connections with the authorities, who had been fully aware of the entire operation to rescue me and take down the domestic terrorist, Crompton. 

At the hospital, I had been thankful to God for the baby's safety. Levi hadn't left my side one bit. Staring at me, his fingers laced in mine. Explicit joy in his face at our wellbeing.

"What time is it?" I asked, sitting upright. I was in an ivory silk night dress.

Levi's eyes danced with mischief. His hair and bare torso, wet. Fresh from the shower, he still looked hot. How unfair.

"11:40am." Levi gave. A smile in his eyes. 

I gasped in surprise. "What? Did I sleep that long?"

He broke into a laugh. The sound drawing joy from me.

Pulling me into his arms, Levi growled low in my ear. Grazing my ear. 

"I asked everyone to let you sleep, when the calls kept coming. They were all worried about you, as soon as news broke." A kiss followed those words, trailing down my neck. I moaned deeply, my nipples already aching.

*Oh I missed this. Him. How did I ever breathe without him?*

"Who has been calling?" I asked, through the haze.

He maneuvered us, until he was on top of me this time. Kissing my jawline. My neck. Avoiding the part of me that ached for him.

*My lips*. 

"Your mum, Amanda, Andrea, Kirsten" 

At Amanda's name, I suddenly grew cold. Like ice bucket over my head. I tried pulling away, but Levi stalled me. 

"What is it?" Levi asked, concerned.

A drop of water from his hair fell into my face. He kissed it away. 

"Amanda." I breathed.

His tender green eyes stayed on me. His sigh, deep.

*Was that a good sigh, or a bad one?* 

"After Belle died, I felt all degrees of emotions. Warring within myself. Questioning my choices. Dragged to that exclusive club by my friends, just to get a girl I could bang. A girl that could distract me. Back then Possess hadn't arrived New York. I paid for your sister, but I didn't sleep with her. I was too traditional to take her virginity," Levi earnestly said.

There was no sugar coating it. It was either I accepted that part of him, or I didn't. Just like he was willing to accept Alec and I in bed that night he abducted us. 

I wanted to hate him again. But we had endured too much for that in the last few hours.

"And your past? How do we walk over it?" I slipped out, regretfully. 

*Pause.*

"We don't." He sighed, sorrowfully. I watched him struggle. "It would always be there. Hanging. The only thing is that you trust me. Trust that I wouldn't hurt you. I wouldn't hurt our family. Trust that I'm capable of love, because I am." He had tears in his eyes. 

*Levi, had tears?* 

I ached, kissing his eyes. He watched me, profoundly. Waiting eagerly for my validation.

I needed to give him that; tell him we will be fine. We will sail through this. His past, his present. The future.

Instead I suddenly felt nauseous and ran for the bathroom.

For the next few seconds, Levi was my anchor as I suffered morning sickness. I felt so sick in the stomach, so unsexy.

After Levi helped me clean up, he carried me to bed.

He lay me down gently, about leaving the bed, to order me breakfast, when I held him back.

"Make love to me." I requested.

My voice low, my eyes pleading. He stared at me.

"Would that stop the morning sickness?" He teased, a smile crinkling the corners of his eyes and lips.

I nodded, laughing. 

"Alright, My love." I liked that he called me his love.
He slid on top of me.

Kissing me.

No need for further preamble. I was as horny as fuck; from the moment I saw his bare torso. 

As I neared a climax, Levi stalled me, his eyes boring into me. "Tell me we'd be together forever, Baby." I was deep in the throes of an ecstasy. But at this moment, my words meant life to him. Hope.

As coherent as I could muster, I whispered.

"Am yours, forever, Levi." I promised.

His eyes on me held onto those words.

One final thrust and he crashed us in a wave of ecstasy. 

Breathing, our gazes locked; Levi began rocking me again, kissing me.

Another round.

"Am yours, forever, Kenya."