###Chapter1

    -Vera-

    I’ve been tossing and turning all night, hoping tonight of all nights I could get some decent sleep. The

    clock on my nightstand reads 4 a.m.; it’s time to get up and I’ve barely even rested. I put on my

    leggings, sports bra, a loose tank top, my running shoes and take off.

    The forest at this time of day is breathtaking; only the soft glow of the impending day lights my way.

    The birds have begun to wake up and sing, the night critters are making their way back to their dens,

    and the mist in between the trees makes everything seem so alive.

    I stop at my usual spot, on the cliff that hugs our famed waterfall. It’s about 10 miles from the pack

    house and now only visited for special ceremonies or celebrations. It’s a shame people don’te to

    admire it more often.

    The Jade Waterfall gets its name from all the green that surrounds it. A thin, vibrantyer of moss

    found nowhere else covers the 60-foot cliff from which the water falls; the deep pool at its end is of

    crystal-clear water revealing all the rocky, green terrain underneath. Under the right moonlight, the

    entire waterfall appears to be made of pure jade. Its gentle fall of water also makes this the perfect

    ce to meditate.

    Closing my eyes, I begin to stretch, breathe, and clear my mind but as I’m about to sit down, I feel

    everything around me still and a chill runs down my spine. My eyes frantically scan the surroundings,

    from tree to tree, from nt to nt. The forest is trying to tell me something is wrong and rm bells

    ring in my head, fear creeping up my spine.

    Well, ‘morning to you, too- I interrupt her before she can continue.

    I need scouts by the Jade Waterfall.

    Vera, what’s wrong?

    I don’t know yet, but –

    Yes, I know.

    Not ten minutester about twenty-five scouts are joining me, feeling the same tension in the air I do

    when they approach. Our Alpha arrives shortly after, apanied by her mate in wolf form. We are all

    feeling uneasy, but none more so than I. Even in human form, no one is more attuned to the forest than

    me. Our Alpha speaks first,

    “Whatever this is, it isn’t only affecting Vera. Everyone, gather in pairs and search the forest starting

    from the north side. Keep me informed.”

    The scouts do as they’re told, rushing into the forest with a howl. Our Alpha turns to me,

    “You should head back with us, Vera. You have an important day ahead of you.”

    “If you don’t mind, Alpha -” She grunts.

    “If you don’t mind… Sofia… I’m going to stay here a little longer. Maybe I can help.”

    Sofia, our Alpha, is the daughter of the previous Alpha and my best friend. We’ve known each other

    since we were young and know everything about each other, but now that she is our Alpha, this

    knowledge feels a little intrusive. It doesn’t even feel proper to call her by her name anymore. She

    gives me a worried look,

    “Please be safe, you may be one of the best warriors we have, but you still can’t shift. Whatever is out

    there, is strong enough for us all to be uneasy.”

    I lower my head at this and she sighs. The fact that I have not yet been able to shift has been a great

    concern of mine. Any decent wolf can transform by the age of 12. I’m 23 and still can’t connect with my

    wolf; sometimes it makes me wonder if I’m a werewolf at all.

    I notice Sofia trying to waddle her way onto her husband’s back. She hates riding him like this, but in

    her very pregnant state, he has given her no choice. I help her climb on top and he gently stands,

    bowing his head my way in a silent ‘thank you’. Sofia squeezes my hand before letting go and taking off

    with her mate.

    Once they’re out of sight, I take my shoes off and crouch on the ground, putting both my hands deep in

    the soil. I take a deep breath, and begin. Goosebumps rise all over my body as I connect to the forest.

    The wind has once again begun to blow, easing the stuffiness that was there before.

    I clear my mind and focus only on my senses; how humid the air I breathe feels, how my hair blows at

    the wind’s whim, how all the hairs on my body are standing to attention.

    5 minutes

    15 minutes

    30 minutes

    Despite my best efforts, I sense nothing. It seems that whatever was there is gone along with the eerie

    feeling. With a sigh, I take my shoes in my hand and begin walking barefoot through the forest, heading

    back to the pack house.

    As I near the edge of the forest with the pack house in sight, the wind begins to blow on my back and I

    stop in my tracks. I don’t even have to turn around to sense it. I lift my face to sniff the air and it’s

    unmistakable.

    It smells like blood. A lot of blood.

    I jogged back to the pack house and back to my room. The smell of blood was intense, but there was

    no way of telling who’s it was or where it wasing from.

    After a quick, hot shower, I change into my scrubs and grab my duffel bag for the day. Heading down to

    the pack clinic, I skip breakfast.

    I enter the clinic on edge, as if anything could happen at any moment. I’m starting to feel a little

    paranoid.

    “Hey, Violet? Do we have any iings?”

    Violet, our head nurse, gives me a puzzled look as she double checks our charts. I notice her usually

    long dark curls have been straightened, and her mascara frames her blue eyes perfectly. She’s in her

    forties and an exceptionally beautiful woman with glowing dark skin.

    “No doc, we have a quiet day ahead so far.”

    I can’t help but give everything in the ER a quick look, just to ease my nerves. This uneasiness seems

    unshakeable, it’s almost as if I carried the scent of blood with me from the forest; I’m smelling it

    everywhere.

    Maybe I’m just on edge because it is a big day, a life changing day, for me. Today is Dr. Owen’s

    retirement party, which means today I be the Head Physician at the clinic.

    Our pack has the biggest poption of wolves from all the primary packs in the country, it’s

    understandable considering we guard the south border with lycan territory. Werewolves and lycans

    signed a peace treaty over forty years ago, proposed by their lycan King at the time. Before that, both

    species were constantly at war; for territory, for mates, for food sources, for… fun? Lycans are

    notoriouslybative creatures, even amongst themselves.

    The clinic oversees all of the wolf poption in our pack, and as the Head Physician, I will have to

    oversee all of the clinic activities, even administrative. Quite frankly, I feel severely unequipped to

    N?velDrama.Org ? content.

    handle such responsibilities; I’ve been getting no more than four hours of sleep a night just pre-

    stressing about it.

    I proceed to make my usual rounds for the rest of the morning, all in preparation for the party. Dr.

    Owens is one of the most important people in my life and we have worked hard to make this a very

    special day for him. He took me in as an apprentice when no one saw any potential in me.

    I was only 12 years old but I was already learning all the basics of surgery; Despite my young age, I

    had the stomach for it. I graduated early from high school and managed to get straight into med school

    where I graduated top of my ss. Yet here I was facing this new challenge, feeling anxious as heck.

    It’s past five o’clock and everything has been rather quiet. I’m ready to pass on my patients to the next

    shift, anxious to get the farewell party done and over with. I think to mind link Sofia, but she beats me to

    it,

    INCOMING! She yells in my head.

    Before I can ask her anything, I hear themotion outside. A badly injured werewolfes barging

    in through the E.R door, holding an unconscious wolf. I rush to them and the nurses that were already

    in their dresses and heelse to their aid. We ce the unconscious wolf on a hospital bed and he

    shifts to his human form. The other wolf copses and we help him onto another bed. Dr. Owens has

    “Vera, take Eric. Violet, prep the defibritor. Erica and Sam, prep an O.R.” The urgency in his voice

    can’t be missed.

    I start checking the vitals on Eric. Wasn’t he one of the scouts today? In fact, weren’t both of them

    scouting? He seems to have a concussion and his entire body is trembling in shock. We have to check

    for internal bleeding.

    The feeling of dread I’d been carrying with me all dayes back full force as Sofia mind links me

    again,

    Vera, we’re going to need all hands on deck. Get your people ready. Ten injured wolves total, three

    lycans.

    Lycans?! Did you just say lycans?!

    Amongst the eight more wolves that show up with minor to severe injuries within the next five minutes, I

    smell the three lycans immediately, two of them carrying an unconscious one; it’s clear he’s barely

    hanging on.

    I direct them to a bed and after roughly cing him on it, they both copse beside him from

    exhaustion. I instruct the other doctors and nurses to tend to the wolves, prioritizing those who seem to

    be losing consciousness, but they are noticeably wary of the lycans. Luckily, most of the wolves seem

    to have mild injuries, notoriously scratch marks. What the hell happened?

    I turn my full attention to the severely injured lycan and for a moment, it’s as if I can feel his slowing

    heart beat in my own chest. I check his vitals as a nurse reluctantly hooks him to all the machines. As I

    put my hand on his head to lift his eyelid and check for pupil response, I feel electricity run below my

    fingertips. What the…?

    Without warning, his eyes shoot open startling me and sending both our heart rates through the roof.

    He looks at me intently; I would never think those eyes are of a man who is barely alive.

    He whispers something too low for me to hear. I get closer and as he whispers again; he t lines and

    my head is reeling.

    Did he just whisper… mate?

    Author''s note: Thank you so much for reading :) This is my first serious story ever. Feel free to Comment your thoughts. This adventure is only getting started!

###Chapter 2

    -Vera-

    It takes me a couple of seconds to react. Did I hear him correctly? Did he say mate?! One of the lycans

    who carried this man is regarding me with surprise. Did he hear him too?

    “Crash cart!” I yell. Fortunately, my doctor brain kicks in and I can stop thinking about what I did or

    didn’t hear. Sames rushing in with a crash cart and we get ready to bring this man back.

    “Clear!”

    First shock. No heartbeat.

    “Clear!”

    Second shock. Still no heartbeat.

    “Clear!”

    The young lycan who was staring at me hase closer to stand by his friend.

    “Come on, Noah…e on, man.” He seems to be tearing up when suddenly,

    Beep. Beep. Beep.

    It’s faint, but it’s there. This is good enough.

    “Let’s roll him up to an O.R!”

    Now, this is one of those moments where I re-evaluate my entire life so far. Here I am scrubbed in to

    operate on a lycan. Did I mention I know nothing of lycan anatomy? I’m going off on the assumption

    that it is essentially werewolf anatomy, but different. How different? We’re about to find out.

    I make the first incision and as I suspected, one of his lungs has copsed. I insert a chest tube to

    stabilize the lung and head for the next injury. Dr. Owens enters the OR, scrubbed in to help me. He

    smiles gently andes to stand in front of me, assessing my work so far.

    “What are we working with?”

    “Copsed lung, internal bleeding, more broken bones than I care to count right now, and half of his

    ribs are broken. I’m honestly surprised he’s still alive.”

    “Well, lycans are very resilient creatures. I’ll start on the bones, if we let them heal incorrectly, we’ll just

    have to break themter to correct them, let’s take advantage now that he’s under. Did you put him on

    blood thinners?”

    I didn’t even think to do that. Normally we don’t have to use blood thinners when operating on

    werewolves. He notices my frown.

    “Lycans heal much faster than wolves, if we don’t put them on blood thinners, the incisions you make

    will heal before you can properly fix him.” It’s hard to believe he can heal at all considering the state

    he’s in, but we proceed as instructed.

    We continue the rest of the surgery with ease and we are relieved to learn that Jason, Dr. Owens''s

    patient, will make a full recovery. He was the wolf in by far the worst condition. With my mentor here,

    everyone seems more confident. He starts humming quietly to himself as he works on the fractures.

    Dr. Owens knows more about lycans than I imagined, it is evident as he works on the patient’s bones.

    He exins in detail how to treat every fracture and how lycans have some different bone structures to

    wolves. It seems logical considering how different our beast forms are.

    As we finish the surgery, his vitals are stable and I’m quite happy with how everything turned out. Dr.

    Owens will run additional x-rays to see any further damage to his bones that will require fixing, but

    overall, he’s doing a lot better.

    He’s rolled out of surgery and I head into the changing rooms for a well-deserved shower. I put on my

    ck leggings, a bralette and my favorite baggy sweater. It’s almost ten o’clock and I am more than

    ready for thefort of my bed. I am wiped out from not sleeping properly these past few weeks, but

    first I have to check on my patients. Particrly the one I just spent hours on.

    I enter the room and a nurse, Katie, is updating his chart. The room is dimly lit by one of the bedside

    “He likes it dark,”es an almost growl from a figure in the corner of the room. He’s sitting down but I

    can smell him, he’s one of the lycans.

    Katie gives me an annoyed look, letting me know she tried it too. Well, I am not Katie. I turn it on with a

    N?velDrama.Org ? content.

    flick of the wrist. This inspires a growl from the friend in the corner but Katie is relieved that she can

    actually do her job now. She hurries and finishes her notes, checks his meds and leaves.

    The room the lycans are in has four beds; one of them has been left empty as I imagine no wolf wanted

    to be in here with them; in the one next to my patient is the young lycan from earlier, apparently

    sedated. The one in the corner starts moving when I approach the bed of his friend. He looks

    noticeably older than the other two. I proceed to check my patient with him looming over us; it’s

    incredibly annoying.

    Once I’m done, I turn to him. One of his arms is on an arm sling and the other is heavily and incorrectly

    bandaged; I frown at this, did someone from our staff do this? It seems like negligent care. I also notice

    he has a deep cut across his forehead that is nearly healed and a scratch mark on his neck that is still

    a vivid red color. It is no wonder he copsed when they came in. He has deep grey eyes, whiting hair,

    and a muscr build that betrays his likely age. His face is stern and his eyes are distant. Much like the

    staff, I assume he is wary of us, and even warier of being on our territory. In any other case, they

    would’ve been killed immediately for trespassing, but an exception has been made by our Alpha.

    “How long until he wakes up?” He asks.

    “The surgery went very well and he’s stable, depending on how fast lycans heal, he should wake up

    tomorrow without a problem.” I smile out of pure professionalism, but his stance is getting on my

    nerves.

    “Will he be able to travel?”

    “We will run more x-rays tomorrow to make sure his bones are healing in ce. Depending on the

    results, he could travel perhaps in a week’s time.”

    “Perhaps? Our healers would’ve had him walking in a day’s time. You mutts can’t even do your jobs

    right.” He almost spits as he speaks these words, but I am unfazed, we all know what to expect from

    these creatures.

    “We will cure you, feed you, and clothe you for as long as our Alpha sees fit. Until then, try to not to

    offend my staff. Remember, you’re on wolf territory now.” I give him a tight smile and leave, he

    managed to irritate the tired out of me; how is that even possible?

###Chapter 3

    -Vera-

    Vera? Vera, is that you? What are you doing here?

    …Auntie Eleanor?

    Honey, you shouldn’t be here. I thought we would never see you again.

    I don’t… Where is ‘here’? I can’t see anything.

    Don’t worry darling, I’ll send you back.

    I wake up at the crack of dawn the next day feeling incredibly rested. It is sofortable underneath

    the sheets that I dare not even open my eyes. What was I just dreaming about? I seem to have

    forgotten already.

    It’s still raining outside and even though I could go to the gym and use a treadmill for my morning run, I

    really don’t want to move. I decide I deserve to sleep after everything that happened yesterday but just

    as I’m about to doze off,

    Vera? Vera get up. We need to talk.

    Sofia mind links me, sensing I’m awake. I go radio silent on her.

    Girl! If you don’t get your ass into my office in the next ten minutes, I’m going in there and dragging you

    here myself!

    I still don’t answer.

    If I go intobor because of the physical exertion, it’s on you.

    I’m angry she would y that card on me. I grumble and get up to my bathroom to wash my teeth and

    face. I won’t even bother changing for her, even though it’s the same clothes I left the hospital with and

    the same clothes I slept in. I brush my hair, put on my tennis shoes and head out.

    The pack house is deserted this early in the morning. Ie across a few omegas who are busying

    themselves with breakfast, greet them good morning and make my way to the Alpha’s office.

    I knock softly on the ancient wooden door. Sofiamands me inside and I’m greeted by our Beta,

    Thomas, her mate, Alex, and the rude lycan fromst night. My stoic expression gives nothing away,

    not even how I’m immediately irritated that he’s here. I bow my head in respect at our Alpha and ce

    my hands behind my back, understanding this isn’t a social call.

    “Vera, I’m sorry to call you in so early, but we have matters to discuss.” I wait patiently as she gathers

    her thoughts. “You were right, something was…off… yesterday, but it wasn’t on our side of the border.

    As the scouts got closer and closer to the border limit, they started smelling blood, lots of it. They

    merely observed and came back to me. But… ten of them… ten of our wolves hadn’te back and it

    was gettingte. We were about to send a hunting party to search for them until Eric mind linked me,

    telling me they wereing in hot with hurt wolves and hurt lycans.”

    The next one to speak is Thomas, who oversees the hunting parties,

    “ording to Eric and the other wolves, they came across three lycans very close to our territory,

    fighting ...something…” he nces at the lycan and continues, “whatever it was, it chased them into

    our territory and as our wolves defended our border from…it…it also started attacking them. As you

    saw, some were hurt pretty bad, but none were killed -”

    “Your wolves saved us, and I am forever grateful for your assistance. I only wish I could be of more

    help deciphering what the hell was attacking us in the first ce.” Apparently, the brute can speak and

    not insult us. We all look at him and Sofia speaks next, breaking the awkward silence that had followed,

    “Vera, did the lycan you operate on say anything about this? About what it might’ve been?” I take a

    moment to go through the events ofst night in my head, thinking hard on anything anyone could’ve

    said that could shed light on this.

    “No, sorry. He came in unconscious and his two friends copsed next to his bed.”

    “But he did whisper something to you, I saw as much.” I didn’t realize this lycan was also awake when I

    was treating my patient.

    “Nothing that could help us now, really.”

    “What did he whisper?” Asks Sofia curiously.

    “Mate.”

    Everyone is staring at me in utter confusion and the lycan narrows his eyes. I feel like this is a foot in

    the mouth moment and frown.

    “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean any offense, did something happen to his mate?” I ask, not understanding their

    reactions.

    “He doesn’t have a mate,” the lycan speaks through gritted teeth. I’m about to reply but Sofia mind links

    me once again,

    Was he referring to you?

    How the hell would I know?

    Did you feel… anything? When you touched him? When you looked at him?

    Realization dawns on me. The only time I touched him, with bare hands, I did feel a current beneath my

    fingertips. Sofia and I just stare at each other, understanding crossing both of our faces. Alex clears his

    throat.

    “Well, that’s not very useful,” says Sofia, deep in thought. After a few seconds of silence, she gives me

    a look I know very well, “Vera could you…ask?”

    They all stare at her, not understanding what she’s asking of me. The lycan scoffs probably thinking

    she means for me to ask his friend. I smile gently at her and bow my head, she returns my smile and I

    take my leave. Sofia is my best friend, and she has seen first-hand how connected I am to nature.

    She’s asking me to ask the forest.

    The rain has turned into a drizzle as I run towards the edge of the forest. Once I’m about half a mile in,

    I bare my feet and crouch down; one hand goes into the soil, the other open palm onto the deepest-

    rooted tree I could find. I breathe in, every hair on my body standing to attention. My nostrils re once

    again as I turn my head on the direction the wind is blowing. I start getting shes, images, emotions,

    all conveyed through the wind and the soil. I dig deeper, wanting more, wanting answers.

    Suddenly, I see it all too clearly. Something invisible, made obvious only through faint shadows and

    prints on the ground, viciously attacking a big group of lycans; crushing, scratching, biting, gruesomely

    tearing into flesh, and helpless lycans whimpering in pain. There were many more, but only three made

    N?velDrama.Org ? content.

    it to us. I see many lycans dead on the ground, and others taking theirst breaths without even

    knowing what happened. The grass is littered with bodies, extremities, and so, so much blood.

    I stand up abruptly, not wanting to see more. I had begun to cry through the vision and now I can’t stop.

    I feel their pain as if it was my own. I hug myself, trying to regain some warmth after what I just saw. I’m

    shaking uncontrobly and my breaths are shallow. What beast could do so much damage? To lycans

    of all creatures?

    After a few minutes, Ipose myself enough to concentrate on Sofia,

    Sofia

    Vera, did you get anything?

    Yes, but you’re not going to like it.

###Chapter 4

    -Lucas-

    I haven’t been able to rest, despite being heavily sedated. Whenever I doze off for a few minutes, it

    takes me back to that nightmare; a nightmare I’m still struggling to ce in the real world. I can’t ept

    what I saw, I’m not even sure of what I saw.

    When Eli, Noah and I got to the campsite by the border, they were all dead; all our brothers were dead.

    There must have been at least 40 of them lying on the ground, some even missing their limbs. What

    could possible cause such carnage?! This had been a clear attack on the camp, but all the dead were

    lycan! Where were the bodies of the enemies? The warriors stationed here were elite, but they

    Material ? N?velDrama.Org.

    managed not to kill a single enemy?

    All three of us stood over their bodies for many minutes, at a loss for what to say or think. Eli was the

    first to speak, advising we look for clues rather than returning to the Council without any leads. We all

    agreed but, as we came to inspect many of our brothers’ bodies, we realized that no beast known to us

    could’ve caused this type of damage. Eli was first to voice his opinion,

    “It was wolves,” he scowled and affirmed with absolute certainty.

    “I have never met any wolf that could cause this, Eli, not against a lycan.” Noah does not share the

    deep-rooted hate for werewolves that Eli has.

    “We are right by their border, kid! If not them, whom?!”

    “Eli, look around you! Not a single dead wolf? Not a single surviving lycan? And more importantly, no

    smell of wolf!” Eli grimaced, he knew Noah was right, but even I found myself wanting to believe the

    wolves were to me if only to make some sense of this. The alternative that this beast was something

    unknown, far more powerful than us, was sending waves of fear throughout my body.

    “We have to give them proper burial,” Noah said and we all agreed, even if it would take us all day.

    It took us hours to gather enough firewood for the funeral pyre. A proper send-off would’ve been done

    at the main castle, with all of our brothers and sisters present and mourning. At dawn, we would’ve lit

    up the fire, sending our brothers into the afterlife. But we had no time, and we knew that the Council

    would not bother on transporting them for any proper ceremony. We had to do it ourselves.

    As we set the bodies, picking them up one by one, my stomach started to churn and my eyes to sting.

    Picking them up grounded me to what had happened. I contained my need to cry, as we ced them

    on the pyre.

    Once we were done, Eli set it all on fire and we all bowed our heads in respect. I looked to Noah, and

    he had a solemn look on his face. The fire had engulfed all of them, and it was a matter of time before it

    would all turn to ash. We remained silent for the rest of our makeshift ceremony.

    Once the fire had consumed itself, the sun was about to go down. Lycans have very good vision in the

    dark, so the walk back was not my concern, but what we might encounter was. Noah was the first to

    move, heading towards the camp-site, no doubt looking for clues. Clearly it had been a surprise attack,

    everything was in disarray. The beds were not even made, which indicated that the warriors got up in a

    hurry to fight. This had happened very early in the morning.

    Just as we were gathering some evidence for the council, a noise was heard deep within the forest and

    birds were flying away in a hurry. A chill imed my spine. I was ready to shift any moment but Eli put a

    hand on my shoulder, looking into the forest. Noah stepped in front of us. Cautiously walking towards

    the sound. We didn’t move, we didn’t breathe, we didn’t dare utter a sound in expectation of what could

    be out there. It was very close to wolf territory, but not quite there. This was still lycan territory.

    We heard the sound again, closer, and I almost jumped out of my skin. My lycan was on high alert, with

    the hairs on my nape standing up. Eli’s eyes had turned ck, indicating that his lycan was also just

    below the surface. The sound was something like a big thud, almost like arge tree had fallen over,

    but we knew better.

    Suddenly, Noah shifted a few meters in front of us andunched himself in the air, fangs and ws out.

    Not needing any indication of what he had seen, Eli and I shifted and went after it too. Noahtched

    onto something, in the middle of the air! We both attacked, but missed. As Noah was furiously biting

    whatever it was that hade our way, Eli and I both kept jumping and missing. When I finally felt like I

    hadtched onto something, it caught my leg, painfully crushing my ankle, and crushing me against the

    ground. I whimpered in pain, but mostly confusion. I noticed Noah was also on the ground, looking far

    worse than I felt.

    Eli came to stand in front of us to protect us though we couldn’t see the enemy. At first, I thought it was

    simply too fast for me to see, but in reality, this thing was invisible. Invisible! Noah and I exchanged a

    look, and he made the signal. A paw to his shoulder meant retreat. Before we could signal Eli, it was

    pinning him violently to the ground. The old lycan whimpered as both Noah and Iunched ourselves to

    the air,tching on to the beast. It wiggled us around until it released Eli, then he grabbed me by my

    middle and crushed me too. Noah saw this and deepened its fangs into it, forcing it to release me.

    I helped Eli up and assessed his wounds; the old man wasn’t looking so good. Noah came to us and

    we started to retreat, but the beast was already waiting and in our way. This time, I paid more attention

    and could see a very faint silhouette. It was too big for me to gauge before, but now, I understood and

    panic gripped my mind.

    Quite simply, if we didn’t manage to escape, we would die.

###Chapter5

    -Lucas-

    We started running in the other direction and I gave them a look. We were going into wolf territory and

    we didn’t even care. We were more afraid of the thing after us than an entire pack of wolves.

    As we were about to cross into wolf territory, the thing grabbed me by my torso, and started to crush

    me. The pain was unbearable and every time I tried to take a breath, the thing would hold me tighter,

    suffocating me.

    I slowly started to lose consciousness, giving myself to the darkness, knowing this was the end but

    relieved I had entertained the beast enough for Eli and Noah to escape. I fell to the ground with a loud

    thud and to my dismay, someone picked me up; they hade back for me, they hadn’t escaped.

    Eli picked me up and started running, if you can even call it that, but the thing had Noah by his mid

    body, crushing him slowly. I heard bones crack, and faint whimpering. Noah was being killed. I freed

    myself from Eli’s grasp, ready tounch myself at it but Eli stopped me, signaling for me to run.

    I couldn’t. I was frozen. Not out of fear for the thing, but out of fear of losing someone I considered my

    older brother. Nheless, Eli outranked me and I couldn’t defy his order.

    With a pain that was more than physical gripping my heart, we started running. Not a minute after we

    started running, we heard somethinging from our left side.

    Wolves.

    The pack of wolves came running at full speed and howling and fangs bared. Eli took a defensive stand

    but I instead started running towards Noah. If the thing also attacked the wolves, it would leave Noah

    long enough for us to get to him. It was a cruel n, but this thing was already on wolf territory and was

    likely to attack them anyway.

    The wolves followed me to the clearing where Noah was lying on the ground, immobile. I feared for the

    worst. As I approached, I realized Eli was behind me and we both picked our friend up. He was still

    hanging on, barely breathing.

    As we turned around to run, we realized the wolves were fighting with the thing, apparently it had

    attacked them too, just as I predicted. Eli went to attack it too; if we had any chance to discovering what

    this thing was, we had to kill it, and right now, we could only do it with the wolves’ help.

    After a few moments, it was clear even the wolves were helpless against the invisible demon. Many of

    them were hurt, one of them I believed was dead, so their leader gave them a signal to retreat and

    gestured at us to follow.

    In a panic, we didn’t think twice. We started running once again, deeper into wolf territory. I kept

    ncing back, as if I would be able to see the creature following us. It was silly, but it was instinct.

    Once we reached the clearing, I noticed there were many wolves already there, snarling and growling

    loudly. They let us pass through and tightly closed their lines, clearly expecting an attack.

    We headed towards a modern looking building, much different from our castles, and entered. I noticed

    the people there were already tending to the wolf I thought was dead; I was in such a panic I didn’t

    even realize they had separated from us and arrived first.

    A wide-eyed doctor saw use in and immediately sprinted to action, guiding Eli and I to a bed to

    ce Noah in. Eli and I copsed. I was about to pass out but noticed Noah was awake and looking at

    the doctor, he was whispering something and she got closer to hear him; I heard him the first time. I

    listened more intently the second time.

    “Mate,” he says. I’m wide eyed as I regard the doctor. Is she really Noah’s mate? He t lines and I

    fight my body, willing it to stand. I’m right next to him as the doctor shocks him once, twice, three times

    until he’s back. They wheel him out to an OR, and I pass out cold on the floor.

    “Noah…” is all I can manage when I finallye to. I’m on a hospital bed, fully bandaged with an I.V

    drip on my arm. My throat feels painfully hoarse and dry. Eli looks at me as he cuts a piece of adhesive

    Contentt bel0ngs to N0ve/lDra/ma.O(r)g!

    with his teeth.

    “He’s in surgery. That doctor took him about two hours ago.” He finishes and stands, filling a ss of

    water for me. I need it desperately. When I can speak again, I can’t help but ask,

    “Why don’t you let them take care of that for you? It looks like shit.” I’m referring to his bandaged arm; I

    assume the other one is broken.

    “We’re in enemy territory, kid. None of those mutts ising close to me if I can help it.” He gives me a

    stern look. Enemy territory or not, I’m grateful to be out of the woods and out of that nightmare. “What

    did he tell her?” Eli is giving me his best menacing look. I act dumb.

    “I couldn’t hear him.” If I were to tell him that doc is Noah’s mate, he would probably burn this whole

    ce down. Eli is very old school and into the whole ‘no cross-species breeding,’ crap. That’s probably

    why he’s gonna die bitter and alone.

###Chapter6

    -Vera-

    As I’m walking back to the pack house, I stop at the edge of the forest on instinct. It’s always difficult for

    me to leave this ce. I turn around to face the trees, which almost seem to be reaching out to me. As

    strange as it might sound, this is the one ce where I’ve never felt alone. Even as a child, I thought

    about running away to the forest countless times. If not for Sofia and her family, I probably would have.

    I climb up the stairs that lead to Sofia’s office. This is where she spends most of her time. I knock, and

    it’s Alex who lets me in. As expected, the soon to be mom is very unceremoniously spread out on the

    couch, taking her post breakfast nap, belly up.

    Alex beckons me to sit on one of the chairs facing the chimney, for which I’m grateful, I still feel cold

    from my vision. He sits in the chair next to mine.

    “She’s getting closer to her due date.” He muses while looking at the vivid me. I just turn to him,

    expecting him to continue. “I don’t know how we’re going to do this, Vera. After her father passed away,

    she gracefully took on the role of interim Alpha, I agreed because I expected it to be just that, an

    interim position, and look at us now.” He turns to look at me with sad eyes. “She barely sleeps as it is,

    she’s always exhausted, and with two kids?”

    I understand his worry. Being a pack’s Alpha isn’t only about bossing people around and making

    executive decisions.

    If there is a battle, the Alpha is part of the first line of defense. If there is an attack intended to weaken a

    pack, the Alpha is the first target. Alex is a strong wolf, but there is only so much he could do to defend

    her if we were attacked. A knot forms in my throat.

    “You’re right to be concerned, Alex,” The me breaks another piece of wood as I speak. “Ever since

    yesterday, I’ve been feeling uneasy, you guys know that. But today…” Alex doesn’t fully know the

    extent of my abilities, only that my instincts are never wrong. “Something ising Alex. Something we

    are not prepared for.” He gives me a long look, but before he can press me for information, we feel

    Sofia rise.

    “Alex, baby, leave me with Vera for a few, please?” He does as he’s told but not before giving me a

    pained look. I can tell all of this is weighing heavily on him. Sofia goes to sit at her desk. I join her,

    sitting across from her. Her desk isrge and bulky, fully made of wood, and goes back generations. Its

    bulkiness makes her look smaller than she is.

    My best friend is one of the most beautiful women I’ve ever met. She has straight, light brown hair

    cascading to her lower back and honey gold eyes. Her slender figure makes her appear younger and

    fragile, but she is one of the fiercest warriors in our entire pack. What shecks in brute strength, she

    makes up for in agility, speed, and intelligence. It’s because of this that there were no objections when

    her position as Alpha was made permanent. People in fact cheered that once again, someone in the

    Allen family was going to be our Alpha.

    “If your vision was as bad as you look, I’m already concerned.” She has on that neutral expression I

    recognize to mean business. I tell her everything I saw without sparing any details.

    Once I’m done, there is a long silence as Sofia stares at the fire to her left. The floor to ceiling window

    behind her shows that it is once again beginning to rain.

    “In your vision, was the creature on lycan territory?” I’m not sure where she’s going with this but I nod. I

    never saw it cross into ournd. She continues, “it’s after the lycans, Vera. Eric told me once they

    started running deeper into wolf territory, it stopped chasing them.” There’s a pause as she’s weighing

    her next words carefully. “This smells like magic, V. Very strong and dark magic. Whoever was directing

    the creature, was directing it to kill the lycans but not our wolves…”N?velDrama.Org owns ? this.

    “We have to send them back.” I speak before she can even continue, but I can’t help myself, I know

    what I saw, what that thing can do. She scoffs sarcastically,

    “You want me to send your mate to his death?” I am taken aback by the reminder of the nonsense that

    man said yesterday. “Have you even been to see him to confirm he’s your mate?”

    “Sofia, listen to yourself, he’s a lycan!” I get up from my seat, exasperated that I even have to exin it.

    I begin pacing, I hadpletely forgotten about this tiny, crucial detail.

    “I mean, if he’s a literal beast in battle, can you imagine in-” I cut her off,

    “The Moon Goddess forgive your filthy thoughts, Alpha.” I re at her.

    “Ohe on, V. You speak of the Moon Goddess but she’s the one who paired you with him! I don’t

    even know how this works, you having a mate without hearing your wolf, but finding one’s mate is a

    very rare blessing!”

    I’m red. Not because I’m mad, but because I’m suddenly painfully aware that I saw this man naked

    yesterday. In fact, I saw all of them naked. They didn’t even have time to put on some clothes after

    shifting to their human form. I ce my red face on my hands, copsing on the chair once again and

    Sofia chuckles. I have forgotten all about the very serious topic we were discussing just a few moments

    ago.

###Chapter7

    -Vera-

    "I suggest youpose yourself before going to see your mate, Doctor ckwood."

    I can''t even speak right now; I turn to look at her as I''m taking my leave and her devilish grin has me blushing even more.

    As soon as I walk into my room, I check my cellphone. I asked Violet to text me when my patient woke up. Still no text. I head into the shower and take a long look in the mirror.

    My normally light green eyes appear darker because of the dark circles under them and my skin is evidence of how little I''ve taken care of myself these past few weeks. I put up my ck hair in a ponytail; It''s short and straight, a little above my shoulders, but it''s thick and I don''t want to deal with washing it right now.

    I get dressed in my scrubs and as I''m reaching for my phone, it beeps. I don''t even have to unlock it to know what it is.

    I gulp and steel myself for the rest of the day; my heart wants to hammer its way out of my chest. I want to believe it''s because of the uncertainty of everything that happened in the forest, but I know better.

    I make my way to the clinic, expecting the staff to be on edge because of the lycans present, but instead all the nurses seem to be in the best of moods. Violet and two others are giggling and gossiping near the medicine cab as I approach. "Are you kidding? He''s even more handsome than Jason!"

    "That''s because Jason is a boy, and this one right here is a man." They all giggle again.

    I can''t help but overhear what they''re talking about, but I''m not interested enough to ask. I pick up all my patient''s charts, and notice something odd in that one''s chart.   Despite the instructions to update the chart every two hours, they''ve been going in there every half an hour. I''m about to ask them about it but Dr. Owens signals me into his office. I drop the charts but overhear onestment from the nurses,

    "If only I could show him some real wolf hospitality," and with that, I have to suppress the need to cut the nurse''s throat. I don''t even know where that urge came from, but I do know I''m now in a bad mood.

    "Good day. Dr. Owens," I greet him with a genuine smile. His soft brown eyes crinkle with mischief as I sit on the couch opposite him. I love this man, but I swear nothing good ever happens when he looks like that.

    "So, have you gone in to meet your mate?" I look at him wide-eyed. What did he just say?" Don''t give me that look, Sam overheard him as well. Don''t worry, she only told me." Thankfully, Sam isn''t much for gossip or else the entire pack would already know.

    "I haven''t gone in to see him and if I''m honest with you, doc, I''m all but panicking right now."

    "Understandably so. Lycan''s are very mysterious creatures to us wolves. I didn''t even know they also got fated mates." He looks at me with concern this time. "They''re not the horrible creatures our history books portray them as, Vera. Remember there are always two sides to every story. We have only been taught the wolf side." I''m still curious why Dr. Owens is so partial to lycans, and why he knows so much about them. "You can hide out here until you calm down. even I can hear your heart flipping like a bird''s."

    I''m embarrassed he noticed but gracefully ept his offer. I oftene in here to help him out anyway and with luck, it will take me all day to organize his files.

    Six o''clockes along and Dr. Owens is getting ready to leave. I close hisptop, having finished updating all patient files and all nurse schedules for the next week.

    "Good luck, Vera." Dr. Owens smiles kindly at me and squeezes my shoulder. I smile back but let out the biggest sigh as he steps out. Working with him all day has given me some peace of mind, though. I gather my things and head to the nurse''s station to give everything a final revision before I leave.Material ? N?velDrama.Org.

    As I approach, I notice the clinic is deserted. Only Violet and Sam are in the nurse''s station as I approach.

    "Hey you two! Are you guys the only ones left?" They both smile at me, knowingly. Violet hands me a chart but I already know who''s it is without looking. They both exchange a look.

    "I cleared the floor for you, doc." Sam winks at me.

    "He has one final checkup for the day, and per Dr. Owens, you should do it." These three thought everything through, didn''t they? Of course, I shouldn''t be surprised Violet knows, she''s the eyes, ears and heart of this ce.

    I take the chart and look it over, thest x-rays look fine except for a bone on his leg that will be re-adjusted tomorrow. His lung seems to be doing great, considering all the trauma, and his blood tests don''t show anything concerning.

    Dr. Owens wasn''t lying when he said they''re resilient creatures. I take a deep breath and smile warmly at the two nurses who are giving me two thumbs up. I step into the corridor, leading me directly to him.

    The room is dimly lit once again as I step in. Instead of turning the lights on, I approach his bed silently and notice his two other friends are gone. We''re alone in the room and I take a moment to look at him.

    The man really is incredibly handsome. He has olive skin and wavy brown, disheveled hair that covers most of his forehead; a beard has started cover his perfectly chiseled jaw and his lips are lusciously full and lightly parted, breathing peacefully. Most important of all though, even if they''re closed, I remember his beautiful hazel eyes so clearly. The pull I feel to this man is undeniable.

    I focus on getting my notes down as quickly as possible. He''s asleep and I intend on keeping it that way; he has to get very good rest to heal.

    A few minutes pass and I check all the machines and his meds and scribble them down on the chart. To my relief, he''s been stable throughout the day; I was panicked I could have nicked something unknowingly during surgery.

    The heart monitor suddenly increases its beeping and I turn to it with a frown. As I look over, the man I was just musing over is looking at me with azy smile on his face, no doubt an effect of the painkillers.

    He tries to speak but winces; I reach for the ss of water and bring it to his lips. I sit on his bed as he drinks, his eyes never leaving mine. My own heart has started to elerate.

    Once he''s done and I ce the ss back on the nightstand, he reaches for my hand and puts it over his chest. His hand on mine has me blushing uncontrobly but I still manage to look at him directly. His eyes are indeed hazel, but I realize now they''re even more stunning than I remembered. The light green of his irises isn''t surrounded by brown, but by countless specs of gold I could swear resemble stars; I could spend the rest of my life trying to count them all.

    A few moments pass but the sparks on the back of my hand don''t subside. On instinct, I lift my hand from his chest to his cheek and smile warmly at him.

    "I knew I couldn''t have dreamt someone as perfect as you..." He says, almost a whisper.

    I open my mouth to tell him something, anything, but was interrupted, the room lights suddenly switch on...

###Chapter8

    -Vera-

    His two friends are back, the young one looking much better and throwing me a beaming smile, and the old one from earlier, looking as if he just stepped on poop.

    "What is the meaning of this? Why are you here?!" He''s stomping to us in an almostical manner, and yet I feel like a kid who''s been caught doing something she shouldn''t.

    "I''m his doctor, why wouldn''t I be here?" Is all I can manage, and it isn''t a lie, despite my ulterior motives.

    "Is this a new way of checking his temperature, doc." I nce at what he''s staring at and sure enough, it''s my hand on his cheek.

    When I attempt to remove it however, Noah ces his hand on mine, keeping it where it is. He hasn''t taken his eyes off me throughout this entire exchange. He seems to bepletely unfazed by his friend''s fury.

    "So you''re the one who saved me, huh?" His goofy smile makes me return one of my own,

    "I merely operated on you, from what I hear, your friends here carried you all the way to the clinic from Goddess knows where."

    "Don''t be so humble, doc! We might have carried him but when we got here, he was basically dead. You brought him back to us. Literally." Said the young one and I grimace at the memory of having to shock him to bring him back. I''m happy to see at least the young one seems partial to me.

    "I think it''s getting prettyte, isn''t there somewhere you have to be?" The old man asks me, but just as I''m about to retort something sarcastic to this, Sofia mind links me, summoning me to her office. He notices my distant eyes and smirks. I merely scowl at him. Something about this man makes my blood boil. I turn to my patient,

    "I''ll be back tomorrow morning, for now try to get some rest." I smile at him again but he''s frowning.

    "What? No! I''ming with you!" He tries to unhook himself from everything but I stop him.

    "You need to rest and I need to go to my Alpha, she''s called me into her office. I''ll be back tomorrow morning, I promise."

    With this, I get up from his bed and make my way to the door, ignoring the terrible feeling that is settling in my stomach from putting distance between us. As I''m about to close the door behind me, I hear the old man yell, "What the fuck, Noah?!

    "What do you mean ''what the f**k,'' she''s my mate," He tells him very calmly, much to my satisfaction.

    "WHAT!?" The old man yells, making Violet look over the nurse''s station with a frown. I have to keep myself fromughing out loud. I wave at Violet, and head to Sofia''s office; a warmth I hadn''t known before expands throughout my chest.

    "Tell me everything!" Sofia squeals when she sees mee in. She''s sitting on the couch reading some reports and gestures for me toe sit beside her. The dark circles under her eyes don''t go unnoticed. "Our suspicions were right; he is my mate."

    "I knew it! I freaking knew it! Did he wake up? Did you guys talk? Did something else happen?" She wiggles her eyebrows at me and I roll my eyes.

    "Sof, he''s on a hospital bed under heavy sedatives, I doubt we''d be able to even if we had the chance. His friend isn''t all too happy about this."

    "Who? Eli? The old one? I noticed you two didn''t like each other this morning. He''s apparently very traditional and doesn''t believe in breeding wolves and lycans."

    "Oh, because we''re mortal enemies?" I roll my eyes; how old can this man be?

    "He believes wolves make lycan blood impure."Material ? N?velDrama.Org.

    She''s giving me a very serious look so I reciprocate it, but we both crack and explode in a fit ofughter.

    "Alex had to pinch me under the table to keep me fromughing in his face. I swear he looks and talks like he came straight out of a medieval movie set."

    Realization dawns on me that I hadn''t really thought this through. It''s uncharacteristic of me to not think things through, I''m extremely calcting, but that''s just how strong the mate bond is.

    I''ve heard and seen this before, with Sofia and Alex. Alex is not an Alpha, and the Allen family nearly disowned Sofia for picking her mate over an arranged marriage. She could have lost everything. her name, her identity and her rank within the pack, but she didn''t care about any of that.

    What does it actually mean to be mated to a lycan? What does it mean for my future in the clinic? In my pack?

    "I can feel you panicking, Vera. Talk to me"

    "I just...what does this even look like, Sof? Being mated to a lycan? I..."

    "I wish I had answers for you, Vera. I even consulted with the Elders about this but their knowledge of lycans is extremely limited. They had only ever heard of such mating from legends, nothing proven real. But I suggest you stop panicking, knowing you, you''ve already nned your escape," I can feel her considering her words carefully, "there is a lot we don''t know about you, V. I... don''t ask me why, but I have a feeling the Moon Goddess knows exactly what she''s doing. There''s a reason for this. Trust it."

    "I would probably have to leave the pack, Sof. Everything I''ve worked for. This is the only ce I have ever called home.. you guys are my family."

    We are both close to tears as we talk, knowing well what this would mean for me, for us and for the pack.

    "We have done everything we can for you, V. But we both know you have a journey that transcends this pack. You have to find yourself, and this might be your only chance."

    I gulp but nod at her.

    As nervous as I am for the prospect of leaving my home and everyone I havee to consdier my family; Sofia is right.

    This is probably my only chance to find out who I am, and more importantly, *what* I am.

###Chapter9

    -Noah-

    The attack and everything we witnessed ys in my mind repeatedly; the ground crowded with my brothers'' bodies, the funeral pyre Lucas, Eli and I built, the dread once I realized the beast wasing for us too. We fought with everything we had, but we couldn''t even see our enemy; once it had me in its maw, I knew it was the end for me. Strangely however, right now all I feel is peace; I feel weightless. Is this limbo? Am I dead? I must be because I have never felt so good in my life. Every worry I ever harbored, every insecurity and every ounce of pain, simply gone.

    I feel like I''m floating but there is this strange warmth about the ce where I''m at right now. I really hope I''m dead so I get to stay in this warmth forever.

    Out of nowhere, though, I feel a tingling sensation on my forehead and it spreads throughout my body. It intensifies the warmth and I fight to open my eyes to see where this ising from.

    My eyelids feel heavy, like it''s an impossible task to open them but I''m determined to find the source. As the fog of my mind clears even further, I realize it''s not just tingling, it''s downright electricitying from my forehead. It jolts me awake.

    What I see and feel is even better than my limbo. It''s an angel, my angel. Her beautiful face is looking at me with concern and I realize it''s her hand on my forehead that caused my awakening. Her straight, ck hair frames her face as she regards me, she has the most seductive full lips I have ever seen, and her eyes... her eyes are the most beautiful shade of green I have ever seen.

    My beaten and dying lycan is also awake, and we''re both staring at her. He doesn''t need to tell me, I already know, "Mate..." It is barely a whisper and shees closer to me to make sense out of what I just said. Does she not feel it too? "Mate..."

    And then, the fog and darkness ims me again.N?velDrama.Org ? content.

    Once again I feel the fog lifting and I know she is close; I can feel her. I fight to open my eyes to find her; I need to see for myself that I didn''t dream her. Before I canpletely wake up, the first thing I perceive is her smell. So she''s a wolf, and she smells like vani and honey, but... there''s another smell to her I can''t quite ce.

    My eyes finally open, and she''s even more stunning than I remembered. I''m apparently at some sort of hospital and she''s writing down notes while looking at the machines hooked to me.

    The more I look at her, the faster my heart beats. She frowns and looks over to me as the machine starts beeping faster. Her eyes finallynd on mine and I can feel myself smiling like an idiot. I don''t know if it''s because I''m high on my mate''s smell or high on drugs. I attempt to speak, I want to ask her name but my throat feels as if I''ve eaten sand. She brings a ss of water to my lips and I drink. My lycan stirs awake too, which surprises me because of how banged up we are. I guess he''s also excited about meeting his mate but strangely, we can''t fully sense her wolf; it''s like she''s hidden somewhere.

    She''s looking at me intently, her eyes unwavering and suddenly I forget what I was going to say in the first ce. I take her hand to my chest and ce my hand on top of hers. She lifts her hand to my cheek and all doubts dissipate; It''s very clear to me that we both feel this.

    "I knew I couldn''t have dreamt someone as perfect as you." I tell her, although this was more of an internal thought I unconsciously say out loud.

    I vaguely notice the lights turned on. She turns her head to the door, breaking our connection and I take the opportunity to keep admiring her. Her skin is fair and smooth and her eyes are of a color I have never seen before, so light they could look white under certain lighting. Her straight hair is cut to her shoulders and it looks thick, I can''t wait to wrap my hand around it and -

    "Is this a new way of checking his temperature, doc." My train of thought is interrupted by none other than Eli''s grumpy a*s; I feel guilty I hadn''t thought about asking about them. He called her ''doc'' and I realize,

    "So you''re the one who saved me, huh?" I tell her. My hand instinctively goes up to hers, keeping her here.

    "I merely operated on you, from what I hear, your friends here carried you all the way to the clinic from goddess knows where." Now I turn to look at both Eli and Lucas and it grounds me to our reality. We were attacked and nearly killed, and we don''t even know by what.

    "Don''t be so humble, doc! We might have carried him but when we got here, he was basically dead. You brought him back to us. Literally." Lucas tells her with a big smile; he''s like a little brother to me but if he smiles at her any longer, I''m breaking his other arm. "I think it''s getting prettyte, isn''t there somewhere you have to be?" Eli clearly doesn''t like her and I''m not surprised, but if he continues to look at her like that, I''m also going to have to break his other arm. I''m about to growl at them to back off, but my angel speaks to me first,

    "I''ll be back tomorrow morning, for now try to get some rest." Rest?! How can I get any rest knowing she''s not in bed with me!!

    "What? No! I''ming with you!" I tell her, panic settles into me at the thought of her leaving, but also at the thought of whatever attacked using here and me not being able to protect her.

    "You need to rest and I need to go to our Alpha, she''s called me into her office. I''ll be back tomorrow morning, I promise." She steps out of the room and all I want to do is follow her.

    "What the fuck, Noah?!" Eli is angry enough to dare yell at me.

    "What do you mean ''what the f**k'' she''s my mate." I tell him very calmly, knowing damn well how much this is going to irritate him.

    "WHAT!?" His scream could''ve awoken the entire ce and his face was getting redder by the second, but anyint he might have would fall on deaf ears.

    She was already mine.

###Chapter10

    -Noah-

    After Eli calmed down, he and Lucas filled me in on everything that had happened after I lost consciousness. How we got past the wolf border and ended up in a werewolf clinic, how Lucas heard me tell the doc she was my mate before I t lined; this earned him a deathly re from Eli who found out only moments ago.

    "Honestly, I couldn''t even be sure I heard you correctly, you could''ve been delirious for all I know." Lucas tells me, a sad expression in his eyes. "I thought we''d lost you, Noah. If it wasn''t for Vera bringing you back and operating on you..." I look at him wide-eyed, "Yeah, her name is Vera ckwood, I asked around for you." He gives me a wide grin. At least one of them is happy about me finding a mate.

    "What else have you found out?" I knew she would be back tomorrow morning, but if Lucas already went thought the trouble of asking around for me...

    "Well, this is the Dark Moon Pack, and she''s a pack member but she wasn''t born here. This is the only pack in the country that has an orphanage and she came to it as a toddler..." Eli interrupts Lucas with a growl, much to my annoyance. "Ladies, please, if you want to gossip, do it once we are back at the castle. We are in enemy territory! Do not forget what these wolves are capable of!" I forget how stubborn he can be.

    "What do you suggest, Eli? Would you like to venture into the forest, looking and feeling like shit, and risk running into that thing again? Hell, I don''t even think I can run properly in my state." I gesture to all my injuries. "We might be lycan, old rag, but that thing chewed us up and spit us out like we were livestock, and we still have no idea what it is. So I suggest you getfortable, and stop sneering at the wolves who saved us."

    I make a point by growling at him slightly. I might see him as a father, but I still out rank him.

    He turns his face down, knowing everything I told him is true.

    "The Alpha seems to think it was dark magic..." We turn to face Lucas. I give him a questioning look but Eli fills me in,N?velDrama.Org ? content.

    "Their Alpha, Sofia Allen,es from a long line of Alphas, dating back to before the Age of Witches. She says there are records written by her ancestors rting the use of dark magic during war. She''s still looking into it, but she''s certain this was a very powerful witch."

    "A witch..." The idea of a witch attacking a camp of lycans is ludicrous to me. "Why would a witch even dare attack lycans? Or wolves for that matter?"

    "They didn''t attack the wolves. The wolves attacked it first. My guess is it was only defending itself. Once we started running deeper into wolf territory, the thing stopped chasing us." I stayed silent for a long moment.

    So the alleged witch was after lycans alone. From what I have read, witches would perform blood sacrifices in ceremonies to summon more powerful magic, dark magic; but all lycan warriors at the camp were ounted for, she didn''t take any to be used as sacrifices. And even when the thing grabbed me, its intention was to kill me, not capture me.

    Nheless, the idea of a witch, or warlock for that matter, is so strange. All the sses, lectures, and evenmon folk tales denounced modern witches and warlocks. They''re supposed to be dead. There hasn''t been a record of one in almost one hundred years. "Have any of you contacted the Council, or the King?"

    "No, we didn''t think they''d appreciate the three of us being treated at a werewolf clinic, and more importantly, they''d want our heads for not bringing in the enemy."

    Eli is right, the Council is just a group of useless, old assholes who are a little too guillotine friendly; and the King isnt much different.

    I frown, enraged by the entire situation.

    "What are the chances of the witch attacking the pack?"

    "Honestly? We can''t be sure. As you probably know, witches were very sadistic creatures but they always had a motive; without knowing what it wants, nothing is certain. Either way, the Alpha has doubled border protection and scouts are searching the woods constantly. They might not be able to stop it, but they''ll let their alpha know and give us time to escape."

    "I''ll contact the King tomorrow morning; he should know what happened at the camp, if he doesn''t already."

    The thought of contacting the King makes us grimace at the same time. The camp was border protection, guarding our territory from wolves; now with all the warriors dead, and all three of us here, there is no one guarding that side of the border.

    "I suggest we wait in contacting the King or the Council. Our brothers are dead, we have left the border without protection, and we sought refuge with the wolves. Surely, you know how this looks," Eli says.

    I nod. He''s right, of course. We won''t only look like deserters, which is shame enough; we will look like traitors. The penalty form treason is death.

    Just thinking about this makes me grateful for all the meds I''m on, I won''t be losing any sleep over how unpleasant all of this sounds.

###Chapter11

    -Vera-

    My rounds at the clinic started at 7:00 a.m. but the idea of staring at the ceiling of my room any longerN?velDrama.Org owns ? this.

    I took my time in the hot bath to clear my thoughts about everything going on. My heart felt like it wa I entered the clinic a full hour before I had to be there and started prepping for the day. I head to the I gracefully ept and make small talk until it is a decent time to go find my patient.

    As I make my way to his room, it''s odd, but for some reason, I can''t *feel* him. This fact unsettles me As I push the room door open, the only one there is Eli, and he is already looking my way before my e "He''s not here."

    I look at Noah''s neatly done bed; clearly he''s been gone for a while.

    Moving closer to the old man, I gauge his reaction with every step. This time, I don''t perceive any host "I can see that."

    I take a few supplies from the tray by one of the beds and approach him. He watches me silently. On r incorrectly dressed wounds and assume he did this to himself; I refuse to believe any one of our staff I reach for the scissors and he growls, threatening me, but I don''t give a damn. I take his arm and star I take a look at all the half-healed wounds all over his arms. The other two lycans have been healing s "You heal slower." I say. It isn''t a question, it''s a statement.

    "I''m old," he states tly, his eyes not meeting mine, rather staying focus on my hands.

    I get to work on all his wounds, cleaning them and dressing them correctly. When I get to the arm on t

    I probe around with my hands and its clear this arm had been dislocated, had he tried fixing this on h Owens about fixing it.

    iving me anxiety. I tossed the sheets and got in the shower.

    thump out of my chest at the idea of looking into those hazel eyes again, but I could not ignore how heavy it also felt.

    ria and find Sam who offers me a warm cup of tea.

    to walk a little faster; I didnt think he had any procedure scheduled for today, and he sure as hell shouldn''t be walking around in his condition. d on him.

    om him at all. How odd.

    er hand, I take one of the visitor''s chair and ce it to sit at his side, facing him.   I asses all of his ers could so such a poor job, albeit intentionally.

    iding all his dressings, careful not to pick his skin. I can feel him tense, but he doesn''t stop me.

    y; this one should be further along in his healing.

    g, he flinches ever so slightly as I remove his makeshift sling; the gesture doesn''t escape me.

    ? It was incorrectly done and probably incredibly painful. His fracture had not been addressed and it had been healing incorrectly. I''d have to talk to Dr.

    "I need to pop this in correctly, would you like something to bite down on?" He clenches his jaw, I''ll ta.......t as a no. I also assume he doesn''t want any pain killers either.

    I extend his arm, cing one hand on his shoulder, minding his fracture, feeling my way through the process. I begin shaking his extended arm very slowly and lightly.

    After a couple of seconds of this, I feel the tell-tell ''ck'' of his shoulder under my fingers and snap it into ce. This is normally an extremely painful process, but Eli didn''t even flinch this time. He''s probably too proud to show any weakness to a wolf like myself; I sigh and shake my head.

    "Keep it on the sling for a couple more days, it should heal properly now. I''ll have to talk to Dr. Owens about fixing your fracture, it''s been healing incorrectly." He nods and I turn my attention to his face, there is one wound that appears to need some cleaning. "Don''t even think about it," He''s giving me an icy look, looking straight into my eyes. I sit back down on the chair and recline back, crossing my arms and legs.

    "It looks like shit, though." I tell him.

    He snorts, I don''t know if out of amusement or annoyance. We stay like that for a while, me scowling at the wounds he won''t let me touch, and him scowling at my general self.

    "So you really are his mate."

    "So I''ve been told."

    "But you don''t feel it?" His question sounds so hopeful, it''s a littleical.

    "Oh no, I feel it, he''s definitely my mate." His hope ttens as he pinches the bridge of his nose with his fingers, his eyes closed.

    We stay silent for a while. Whatever he''s thinking about, he''s not sharing with me; he''s merely staring out the window at the forest with a pensive look. I get up to get some water and as I''m holding up the pitcher, I feel a painful pinch at the back of the neck. I turn, my hand instinctively going to the base of my neck. I assume Eli has done something to me, but he''s still sitting in his chair looking out the window, not even paying attention to me.

    "What the I-" and then, I see red. I drop the pitcher, ss scattering everywhere although I barely notice.

    My skin feels like it''s on fire and its spreading too all of my nerve endings. I don''t even have time to cry out; my vision getting blurry.

    I drop to the floor with a thump.

    Thest thing I remember is Eliing to me and calling for help.

###Chapter12

    -Vera-

    *I told you we should have prepared her! Now neither of us is there and she is a target, Eleanor! Do you know what will happen if that witch gets a* *hold of her?! She can''t even summon her Wolf!

    *Shh! She''s awake.*

    *Vera? Oh Vera, honey are you okay? How do you feel? Can you hear me?*

    "I don''t know where I am, I don''t know what happened. All I feel is... light. Light as a feather, almost like I''m floating. Is this an out of body* *experience? Am I dead? Why does this ce seem so familiar? The people talking to me... I can hear them clearly, but I can''t see them. Are my* *eyes even open? I feel like they are, but there is a fogginess to my vision. But.... know this ce?*

    "Hello?" I call out hesitantly."N?velDrama.Org owns ? this.

    *Oh, Vera, sweetheart. Don''t be afraid. We won''t hurt you. I''m your gr-* *Don''t you dare, mother! We agreed this was for the best!* why do I

    *YOU agreed this was for the best, and look at her now! Do you know what this kind of magic can do to her?! She can''t even defend herself for* *moon''s sake! Vera, Vera darling, listen to me very carefully, you''re in great danger, your entire pack is in great danger. You have to fight this; you can* *fight this. I will guide you, take my hand.*

    As confusing as this is, I do as I''m told. I reach out my hand, expecting for the voice to take it, but instead, I feel them all. I feel the pressure of multiple hands, all at once. How is this even possible? What is even more bizarre, I feel as if I know each and every one of them, like we are all connected somehow. I start feeling lighter and lighter, like I''m about to disappear, when I hear her voice again.

    *It is done, my child.*

    And just like that, unconsciousness wees me again, or so I thought. The next moments are gued with many dream-like visions, like I''m the spectator of a y. Everything is in motion, despite my presence. The clothes look antique, the vehicles and the buildings betray the era we are in. But how is this possible?

    "Victor!" A voice calls behind me. I turn to the voice, reading myself to be discovered. But instead, the figure passes right through me and hugs a man in a ck tuxedo behind me.

    "Master Ackley," the manposes himself and nods his head politely.

    "Nonsense! My close friends need not call me ''master.'' Are you headed to the Grand Ball? Come,e! You shall ride in my carriage with my wife and I."

    "You are too kind, friend. I will dly ept your offer; it seems there is a storm brooding in the horizon."

    The man and I raise our heads to the clear skies above, silently questioning the man''s forecast. When I turn my head back down, I gasp. The man named Victor is looking directly at me, never breaking eye contact. Can he see me?! I wave, frantically, desperate for an exnation, but he shakes his head ever so slightly, and with a flick of his raised hand, the scene changes once again.

    I''m in a great hall, withvish golden decorations, grand mirrors, and the highest ceilings I have ever seen. The chandeliers are high up and golden. I see numerous paintings and statues, all so perfect and elegant, it makes me question if this is all a dream after all. Everything seems to sparkle, but something captures my attention. Out of the corner of my eye, I see a painting that resembles a ce I know all too well; Jade Waterfall. I get closer to it, admiring the enormous painting. Strangely enough, even if the waterfall is most beautiful when the full moon shines on it, this painting depicts a new moon. There is no light at alling from the sky, and yet the waterfall is shining for itself. How odd.

    "You always knew how to throw a party, Allen!" I''m startled by the loud voice, followed by loudughs; it''sing from behind a closed door. I approach the door tentatively, cing one hand on it to see if it would budge and to my surprise, it does. When I enter the room, there is no one in here. It seems to be an office of some sort, with uncountable books, tworge fireces, and an unmistakable wooden desk.

    This is Sofia''s desk. But...how?

    The room itself seems abandoned, everything is covered in dust and spider webs. I look behind me and the grand hall I was just in now seems deste. There are no paintings, no statues, and the golden décor from before is either destroyed or under a very thickyer of dust.

    Night has fallen quickly outside, and my eyes adjust to amodate for theck of light. I exit the office through another door to its side, and suddenly I''m on a balcony overseeing what were oncevish gardens. What in the Goddess''s name happened here?

    The destruction outside is evident, there was a war fought here a long, long time ago. I lean on the balcony railing, my senses finallying to me. My leading theory is that I''m dead, of course, and all of this is my brain''s way of making sense out of it in my final moments. Eli probably killed me for dressing his wounds; or for being his proteges mate, who knows.

    At the thought of Noah, an overwhelming sadness takes over me. They say losing a mate is a fate even worse than death. Losing a mate is akin to losing a part of yourself; the pain never fades, and you never forget.

    I crumble to the floor, tears streaming down my face as I try to catch my breath. I start hyperventting and my head starts to spin. I want nothing more than to be with Noah right now. Only a few days ago I wasn''t even sure I wanted him, and now I can''t imagine moving on without him.

    I want him, I need him. I don''t even know him well, but I know I love him. Even when I was with him, I never felt such need, such connection. Now, I feel it even though we aren''t close.

    Whatever happens, whatever this is. I will find my way back to him. Whatever it takes.

###Chapter13

    -Noah-

    "WHAT DID YOU DO?!" My vision is turning blurry, a clear indication that my lycan is ready to pounce. I have never felt such rage, such murderous intent towards anyone in my life, but as I hold Eli in the air by his neck, that is all I can think about. "Noah, he already told you it wasn''t him! Come on, let him go!" Lucas is right next to me but his presence is onlyparable to a pesky mosquito.

    "What did you do to her, Eli? Tell me, I promise I won''t bite." My lycan teeth are starting toe in slowly in a sarcastic smile; if this man doesn''t answer my question, I''ll end him. My lycan agrees with me as he''s all too happy to kill someone for his mate. Doctorse rushing in and I recognize Violet, the nurse, and Dr. Owens. They rush to Vera who is still copsed on the floor.

    I tried waking her before, but nothing worked. So here we are now, with me about to kill my mentor and Vera still on the floor.

    "Boy! Help us move her upstairs to the MRI machine, it''ll be quicker!" I recognize this as Dr. Owens''s voice, but what he''s saying doesn''t register until hees over and gives me a hard whack to the ribs. "I''m talking to you, you beast! Help us or I''ll break your other ribs!"

    Ie to my senses and look over to Vera. Violet was trying to hold her up but now is immobile, her eyes wide as she stares at me; I can smell her fear.

    I let go of Eli and he falls with a loud thud, Lucas quickly stepping in to help him up. I gather Vera in my arms and follow Dr. Owens to a flight of stairs.

    "This is quicker, go! I''ll meet you there! Look for Dr. Alcott."

    I rush up the stairs, ignoring that my entire body is in pain. I''ve healed a lot since waking up. but I''m still not fully recovered.

    I reach the door leading to the floor Dr. Owens indicated and am greeted by who I assume is Dr. Alcott. He rushes to us and ces his hand on Vera''s cheek, brushing the hair off her face.

    "Oh Goddess, Vera. Please, follow me." I hesitantly agree. Why did their touch seem so intimate?

    We reach a door leading to an MRI machine. I ce Vera as Dr. Alcott starts it up. He''s staring at her longer than I find appropriate and instinctively growl. I hold his gaze until he bes ufortable; he clears his throat and instructs me to follow him to the other side of the ss, where theputers are.

    Shortly after, Dr. Owens enters the room with a chart and they begin the test.

    After a few minutes, the only thing that is clear is that neither doctor knows what the hell is going on with my mate. They have called in multiple doctors to take a look at the scans, and only one offered the simple suggestion of ''the machine is probably malfunctioning!

    After about thirty minutes, Sofia Allen, whom I was in a meeting with just before feeling that something was wrong with Vera, joins us in the room.

    "Shut it down, doc. This isn''t something any of you can fix. Put her in a room, make herfortable, check her vitals." They both stare at her with a puzzled look, but can''t deny her request. She is their alpha after all.

    Once in the room, Vera is hooked up to many machines I have grown ustomed to. The faint beep of her heartbeat is the only sound I can focus on even when there are seven other people in the room between nurses and doctors. They''re all taking notes in various charts and taking blood from her to run tests.

    Despite everything happening right now, my heart swells with pride knowing how well loved and respected Vera is in her pack.

    Sofia once again joins us, now apanied by her husband. All doctors and nurses raise their heads and turn to Sofia. She speaks,

    "Everyone out, please."

    Everyone leaves, except Dr. Owens and Dr. Alcott.N?velDrama.Org owns ? this.

    She gives Dr. Alcott an annoyed look,

    "You too, William." He hesitates but bows his head.

    He moves to leave but before he closes the door, he looks back longingly at Vera. This shit is too much. I ce myself in his line of sight and quietly snarl. Only he can see me and the threat is implicit. He quickly leaves the room.

    Sofiaes closer to Vera and as she sits at the foot of the bed. She ces a hand on my arm, drawing my attention to her instead of the door.

    "Don''t mind him. He and Vera used to date. It''s nothing to worry about, he found his mate and have a lovely family together."

    He and my mate used to WHAT? I give Sofia a long look, beckoning her to tell me more. She rolls her eyes.

    "Lycan, werewolf, men are all the same. Dr. Owens, would you please," she says.

    Dr. Owens clears his throat, reminding me there are more pressing issues at hand.

    "There is nothing obviously wrong with Vera. Her vitals are stable, the MRIs showed nothing more than our need to rece the machine. She''s essentially...asleep." We stare at him, expecting there to be more. "Sorry, that''s all I got for you. Whatever is happening to her isn''t of biological or medical nature." Sofia looks over to Vera, then to each and every one of us.

    "What I''m about to tell you can''t leave this room." She pauses for a moment, as if hesitating. She isn''t sick, and she hasn''t been poisoned. She''s been cursed."

###Chapter14

    -Sofia-

    *Daddy! Daddy! Look! What is that?!*

    *Sofia! Stay away from that!*

    *But Daddy! It''s moving! Loooook!*

    *Goddess Sofia, I told you to... By the Goddess, it is moving! Sofia, get your mother!*

    "What I''m about to tell you can''t leave this room," I can''t believe I''m about to tell them this, she isn''t sick, and she hasn''t been poisoned. She''s been cursed." All three men stare at me, Dr. Owens and Noah in shock, and Alex with something else I can''t decipher. "I''m sorry, Alpha. What do you mean, cursed?"

    "You''re a well-read individual Dr. Owens, I''m sure I don''t have to exin it to you."

    "There haven''t been any sightings of witches in over one hundred years, Alpha, the probabilities of one showing up... and to hurt Vera at that. To what end?" At this very moment, I wish more than anything that I had answers. Dr. Owens continues, "let''s say it is a witch, and let''s say it did curse Vera. Don''t witchese after beasts they can obtain more power from? If the legends are true, that is. It makes even less sense toe for Vera."

    "Eli said she copsed out of nowhere, they had been talking, and suddenly she just fell." Noah says. I can see the regret in his eyes. From what I hear, he nearly killed Eli thinking he had done this to Vera.

    I put my hand on his arm again as a means offort. "He''s fine, Noah. You were just protecting your mate." It is clear my words do little to dissuade his guilt.

    "Vera doesn''t even have her wolf," he contributes. "When we first touched, my lycan was looking for her everywhere. He could feel her, but never found her."

    "Are you sure your lycan could feel her?" This news is shocking to me because for the longest time, I''ve doubted she''s even a wolf. Sure, she smells like a wolf, and she can mind link me, but I''ve always attributed that to the Allen blood and power because she can''t mind link anyone else in the pack. "Positive. In fact," Noah moves to ce his hand delicately on her forehead, "we can feel her more now than before, we just can''t see her yet." Everybody stays quiet with this piece of information. Mate bonds are stronger than any other connection in the, other than mother and child. If what Noah says is true, then Vera is in fact a wolf, but why hasn''t she shifted yet? "Baby, we should go. Vera is safe, in good hands, and I''m sure Noah isn''t going anywhere until she wakes up. You need rest." Alex is regarding me with an unreadable expression. I can only imagine what our conversation tonight will be like. "Yes, yes, you''re right." I smile faintly at him. "Doc, please keep me informed. Noah, please make yourselffortable. I''ll have another bed brought in for you. If you need anything. please let us know." He thanks me with a tired smile, one that can only reflect my

    own.

    Alex takes my hand and guides me to the door. I take onest look at my best friend, lying in bed in what seems to be peaceful sleep. I say a silent prayer as I exit the room,

    "May our Moon Mother see you safely out of this one, V."

    Two weeks have passed since Vera fell into her sleep. I haven''t been able to do much work, not only because I''m worried, but because these pups are about to pop out any day now. Alex is understandably worried at this point, I haven''t delegated any of the Alpha activities to anyone just yet, even when I feel the day of my twins'' birth getting closer and closer. What can I say? I''m stubborn like that.

    I''m just about to mind link my beta, Thomas, when Violet mind links me first. *Alpha! She''s awake!*

    And I can feel it, I can feel her like I never had before. It''s a connection we always had, even as children. I don''t know if it stems from our friendship, or the friendship stems from the connection. But she feels... different? Like it''s her, but not really her?

    My heart is pounding incredibly fast, too fast for my liking. My hand instinctively goes to my swelled belly and I wonder if it''s time to meet my babies already. And for some reason, at this thought, a feeling of dread ovees me. I''m sweating, I feel dizzy, and my breath is shallow. I''m holding on to the door knob of my office in hopes it''ll help me keep my bnce.

    My Beta, Thomas, mind links me, and I''m so close to fainting with what he says that my eyelids close,Material ? N?velDrama.Org.

    *Alpha! The southern border has been breached! Our wolves have been attacked, there are some fatalities.*

    This can''t be happening, not right now.

    *Alpha! We are under attack at the eastern border!*

    This time it''s one of my most trusted lieutenants.

    *Alpha! You need to get to safety! It''s moving straight to the pack house!*

    The rm goes off, signaling an eminent attack to the pack house. I''m feeling weaker and weaker, my eyelids heavy. I can feel it all, my packs desperation, panic, and loss. I take a step forward to enter the office in hopes of getting the one thing that could save us, but I step into a puddle of water.

    My water just broke.

###Chapter15

    -Sofia-

    I call to my husband, even if it''s just a whisper. His grey wolf is beside me before I can fully register what''s about to happen. He''s aware of the attack, too, and hase apanied by my midwife, Carina.

    *This is not negotiable, Sof. We talked about it.*

    I simply nod my head and head into the office with the help of Carina. Behind the massive bookshelf is a safe hideout leading to various tunnels under the pack house. This packhouse is ancient, and in times of war, these tunnels saved countless lives. *Thomas*, I mind link my Beta, *I just startedbor, I need you to get all the elderly, non- warrior women and children to the tunnels under the cer.* *We have a n for this, we have had it for weeks, everyone knows what to do.* *Yes, Alpha.* *Where is it?*

    "We are in pursuit of it, Alpha, but just as the lycans said, that thing is invisible. We get shes of it now and then against the sun, but that''s it. Its* *heading straight to the pack house. You have to alert the lycans. It may be heading to them.* Oh no, Vera.

    *Violet.*

    *Yes, Alpha?*

    *I don''t have time to talk. Alert the lycans of what your brothers and sisters have encountered at the borders. We are under threat of an attack any* *moment now. They need to leave; this is their chance.* *Yes, Alpha*. I feel her hesitate.N?velDrama.Org ? content.

    *You can speak freely, Violet.*

    *It''s Vera, she let them know before the rms even went off.*

    *What?*

    *When she woke up, she was frantic, saying ''it'' wasing, we didn''t understand what she meant, but a few momentster the rms went off. The* *lycans are readying themselves to leave.*

    *I need you to send Vera to me, in my office, she knows where.*

    *Yes, Alpha.*

    If what Violet is telling me is true, and my gut is right, then she might be the only hope this pack has of surviving tonight.

    My contractions get more frequent as the minutes go by. I knew it would be painful, but I never imagined it would hurt this much.

    "Alpha, try to rx, we might be here for a while, you are only four of centimeters dted." Carina says. I appreciate her looking out for me, but herment does nothing to ease my stress. How could I rx when all of my warriors are out there, fighting for us. *I''m going to head out and survey the team protecting the pack house. Do. Not. Leave.*

    Alex puts his forehead to mine and leaves. I feel more vulnerable than I have ever felt in my life. I cannot reconcile that all of this is happening to my pack and I cannot be there for them. Instead, I am locked up in the safety of this room. To make matters worse, Thomas probably told everyone I''m inbor so I''m not getting any more updates on the attack.

    Several minutes pass, maybe fifteen, and the heavy bookshelf door opens. I see my husband, still in his wolf form, apanied by Vera and Noah.

    "Sofia!" Vera rushes to my side, checking my temperature with one hand and the pulse on my wrist with the other. She begins to speak with Carina about...I don''t even know what...medical jargon I guess.

    My heart feels lighter now that I can see her awake and well; I really wasnt sure if she was going to make it out of this one.

    Silent tears start falling to my cheeks and Alex gently licks them off my face.

    I don''t need to be strong right now, not with my best friend. I take her hand, "Vera, you need to listen to me. Tell me exactly what happened to you." Her eyes are glossy with the need to cry, too. "I...I don''t know where to begin, what little I remember seems more like a dream than anything..

    "What did you feel when you woke up? Violet told me you alerted the lycans before the rms went off."

    "I didn''t feel it, I saw it, breaching the southern border, I..." She lets the tears fall freely now, we are both crying as she continues, "I don''t know what it is Sof, how to stop it. It''s killing our wolves."

    I take her hand and squeeze it through a contraction, closing my eyes and not letting a single sound escape my lips. When it subsides, I look her straight in her eyes.

    "Vera, you''re our only hope. You saw that thing, even if it was just as a vision, you might be the only one able to see it and kill it. It may be a long shot, but you have to try." My tears are flowing as I think of my pack and what I''m asking Vera to do. If I''m wrong... if my gut is wrong... then this will be the end of her too; I just don''t know what else to do.

    The air in the room tenses, a silent exchange going on between Vera and I as we look at each other. She knows precisely what I''m asking of her and I know she, as well as any of us, has no hesitation in dying for this pack.

    I reach to my right and retrieve a long spear from my bag, one that had belonged to my family. for centuries; it is made of the only known material to be effective against witches. I had been carrying it around to use in case something like this happened, but I am in no position to do anything with it.

    "This, and you, are our only hope."

    Vera has calmed down significantly, rxing her breath and quieting her heart. She closes her eyes and breathes in passively. When she opens them again, she grabs the spear delicately. feeling it and getting ustomed to its weight.

    When she looks at me, her eyes are expressionless and dted. It''s a look I know all too well.

    She''s ready to hunt.

###Chapter16

    -Vera-

    Afterposing myself, I decide to keep walking inside the mansion. Now that the shock of dying is subsiding, I start to think more logically.

    I can''t be dead, and if I am, The Goddess means for me to be here anyway. Something tells me this mansion has more to show me still, as I am sure this is Sofia''s ancestral home. But why am I here? And what does this have to do with everything? I pass by every room, opening doors and windows looking for clues. All the rooms are empty and every time I pass by them, everything seems to deteriorate further, almost like I''m a ghost passing by the decades of this building.

    I enter the grand hall and just like the rest of the rooms, everything now seems abandoned and forgotten; all the paintings are gone, leaving behind only their imprint on the walls. I make my way to the only piece remaining, the Jade Waterfall painting. I take another look at it, removing the cloth that had covered it for Goddess knows how many decades. The paint beneath the cloth is still impable, with only some signs of age.

    "Why are you here, of all ces?" I ask to myself, gently touch the piece at the waterfall, and just like that, I am transported once again.

    This time, the vision is taking ce at Jade Waterfall. Though I recognize it implicitly, it is clear I am still not back in my timeline. Some trees I know to be hundreds of years old in my time, are barely infants here.Material ? N?velDrama.Org.

    There is a new moon high above, and just like in the painting, the waterfall is shining green from within. Rather than the rocks appearing to be covered in moss though, there appear to be actual green crystals beneath the waterfall. Almost like all the rocks are legitimate emeralds.

    I step forward, wanting to examine this phenomenon up close but as I am about to near the lip of the pool that forms at the end of the waterfall, a man emerges from the water. His tan torso shining bright against the reflection of the water and stones. I recognize this man; he is the same Victor I saw earlier. I stay immobile, my senses on high alert. It was clear fromst time that he could see me, but am still uncertain if this is good or bad.

    The man, half submerged, ces his hands on the surface of the water, chanting in somenguage I do not understand, but that somehow feels familiar. He closes his eyes and a light starts emanating from his hands, shooting down and to all sides of the pool. Soon, the entire pool, the entire waterfall, is shinning as the man continues to chant.

    The scene is mesmerizing. It creates a warmth within me, and I cant exin what it is at the moment, but I have felt this before; it is the feeling of calm and serenity that I have whenever I am in the forest. If this man is capable of creating such a feeling, then I know he can''t possibly mean me any harm. In fact, I have already seen him two times and have detected no hostility from him.

    I wonder if he actually can see me, though, as no one else has been able to so far.

    When the chant is over and the water has turned back to normal, I step closer to him, wanting to ask him so many questions. His gaze once again meets mine directly, confirming my first impression that he can see me.

    I realize now that I''m looking at him up close that both we have the same eye color; its the first time I''ve met someone with very, very light green eyes like myself. Sometimes, in different lighting, they can even appear white. Does this fact astound him as much as it astounds me?

    I crouch down so that we are at eye level, we stay like this, gazing into each other''s eyes for a few seconds, none of us saying a word. He''s regarding me with curiosity, as am I. I can''t quite ce it, but this man seems very familiar to me. Before either of us speaks a word, a shadow emerges from the other side of the woods, getting his attention.

    "It is done, master Allen," the man with the green eyes says.

    "Please, call me John."

    "Very well. This spell is infused in the waterfall, in its emeralds to be precise. The water and emeralds can be found in all the aqueous tunnels underneath this forest, and underneath all your territory. No witch, or warlock, will ever be able to trespass." "I do not know how to thank you. In all honesty, when you first approached my father and I. we did not believe you were capable of such feat."

    Magic? This man is a warlock? I thought the stories of witches and warlocks were only legends.

    "I am used to being underestimated." He gets out of the water; he was still wearing his pants and as soon as he steps out, they immediately dry. Another magic trick no doubt.

    "Please, warlock, if there is anything my family or I can do for you... I realize this type of magices at a cost...but our pack would have never survived without this, without you." The man proceeds to put on his shirt and shoes, and approaches John. I get closer in order to hear what is being said, as it is clear John cannot see me.

    "Many, many generations from now, I wille to you Allens for a favor. My request cannot be denied." John hesitates. Topromise his future blood line to a warlock''s whim is a serious consideration, but s, he epts.

    "How will we know when it is time? Will you be the one to deliver the request?"

    "Just remember my name, it is enough."

    "What is your name, warlock?"

    "ckwood. Victor ckwood."

###Chapter17

    -Vera-

    "ckwood. Victor ckwood."

    Both men shake hands, but that is thest thing I see because I am once again transported to another vision. But this time, I recognize it as my time as I see wolves I recognize from the pack. We seem to be at the northern border with heavy wolf patrol. Out of the corner of my eye, I see a huge figure of what can only be described as a beast, or rather abination of beasts. This is what would be called a chimera in ancient times. Its size alone is intimidating, and its maws simting that of a giant lion make it evident that this is a killing machine. I see it approaching our lines, but the wolves seem oblivious. Can they not see this monstrosity?!

    The beast picks up its pace, and rams head first into our wolves. Their cries of pain have me screaming at the top of my lungs,

    "Watch out! He''s right in front of you!"

    Desperation grips at my soul when I realize none of them can hear me. This must be the same beast that attacked Noah and his friends. I am of no use here; I start running towards the pack house as fast as my legs allow. If I can find my body, maybe I can warn them, maybe I can save them.

    I reach the packhouse faster than I anticipated, maybe I am faster in this state. I climb up the stairs to the clinic and try to settle down and think, where could my body be? Thest thing I remember is being with Eli, I head there first.

    I see Eli and Lucas talking passively, each in their own bed. Noah isn''t here, and my body isn''t here.

    Think, Vera, where else could they have taken me. I go to the nurse''s station hoping to locate my chart, I reach it but my chart is nowhere to be found. Panic, once again, finds me; we don''t keep charts on dead people.

    I keep looking, heading to the second floor where I can also check the morgue records and find out if I''m actually dead.

    As I pass the MRI machine, something stops me in my tracks. I sniff the air. No doubt this is Noah''s scent. I follow it, knowing that If I am alive, he has not left my side however long I''ve been gone.

    I enter the room, and sure enough, my body is there hooked to all the machines I know. Noah is sleeping beside me on his side, an arm protectively wrapped around me. I take a quick look at the machine; everything seems to be in order with my body. I''m in good health despite being asleep.   Seeing Noah here with me warms my heart, it feels right, it feels like home. But I don''t have time to ponder on how amazing the mate bond feels because I have to warn them. I reach out to my hand, and just like before, I begin to feel lighter than a feather.

    When my eyes open again, I don''t feel light, I feel incredibly weak. I must have been out for weeks. I sit up on my bed with abruptly and start unhooking myself from the machines, even tearing out the IV I had in my arm. Blood is soon dripping down my arm. The beast ising. Noah jolts awake beside me too,

    "Noah, it''sing, it''sing for you. You have to get out! You have to leave!"

    "Whoa, Vera, calm down, what are you talking about?"

    "I saw it, Noah! It breached our borders, it''s a matter of minutes before it reaches the pack house! You have to warn your friends and leave!"

    "Ok, first of all, I''m not going anywhere without you," he reaches for my arm and assesses the blooding out of it, "second of all, you probably just had a bad dream."

    "For Goddess''s sake! Listen to me! That thing that nearly killed you and the others, it''sing here, right now! You HAVE to leave."

    I''m still very weak but I muster enough energy to get off the bed and head into the bathroom to quickly change into the scrubs I was wearing earlier when I passed out. Or died. I don''t even know yet.

    I head out and Noah is still calmly sitting on the bed. As much as he''s my mate, he''s aplete idiot for not listening to me.

    "I cannot wait for you, I have to alert the others."

    I''m out the door and down the stairs. The lethargy in my muscles is slowing me down but they are quickly regaining their strength. I get to the nurses'' station and no one is here, I head into the lycan''s room and find Sam and Violet re dressing the wounds of both lycans, much to my surprise.

    "It''s here, you both have to leave. NOW."

    All parties are looking at me with puzzled expressions but also relief. Violet is about to step towards me when the pack house rm goes off, panic immediately visible in both Sam''s and Violet''s eyes. They both know what that means.

    "Evac, now. We have protocol for this. Remain calm and help our patients into the tunnels."

    Themotion can already be heard outside and Sam and Violet immediately sprint into action. Everyone has a role to y in this n and none can miss a beat.Contentt bel0ngs to N0ve/lDra/ma.O(r)g!

    The lycans begin to hurriedly dress in clothes Sofia had provided them with, along with packs of rations that had been previously prepared for them. Noah walks in to all themotion, "How did you know?" He asks me.

    "I saw it. That thing is going to kill all of us to get to you three, you have to leave, now."

    "Wait, what do you mean you saw it?" Lucas starts towards me and I understand now, none of them could see the creature, but I could. They will most likely want answers.

    "Vera, Sofia needs you, she says you know where," Violet quickly pokes her head through the door and just like she appeared, she dives back into the chaos outside. Moon Goddess, if that means what I think it means... it can''t be. She can''t possibly be inbor right now, right?!

###Chapter18

    -Vera-

    "Ok. Noah, Eli, Lucas, grab your things. We can ess the tunnels through Sofia''s office. Come on, quick."

    "No, no, no," Eli begins, "if you can see that thing, we need to take it down. If we run now, it might just catch up to uster anyway."

    I contemte the possibility of actually killing this thing and being done with it. Even if I can see it, I can''t coordinate an attack, I can''t mind link anyone but Sofia in the entire pack. Eli continues, "Doc, we need to kill it. We need to know for sure what it is that attacked us and killed our men.

    I regard him for a few seconds; the old man is right. If we don''t get rid of it now, what guarantee would we have that it won''t just attack again? Clearly, the wolves and the Pack House are no longer off limits to it. Regardless, I have somewhere I have to be right now. Thinking about Sofia made me more attuned to her and her mind, I can feel her distress and her fear. I need to get to her, quick.

    "We''ll talk about it on the way, take your packs just in case. Noah, don''t give me that look." Noah was staring at me like a sad puppy but I couldn''t focus on him right now. Whatever happens, whether they leave or stay and fight, leaves a very bad taste in my mouth. They all gathered their things and in no time we were rushing towards Sofia''s office. The chaos as all the elderly, non-warrior women and children essed the tunnels was heart wrenching. Most of them didn''t even know what was happening or how much danger they were actually in. This evacuation n has been in ce for decades, but it had only been used about a hundred years ago in times of war or an attack.

    We entered the office without a problem as the upper floors had already been cleared. Alex came running to join us from the top stairs, meeting us at the door to the Alpha''s office. He nodded at us solemnly, an empty expression in his gaze. He is linked to all the wolves in this pack through his bond with Sofia, but specially the warriors that are guarding the borders; after all he is a warrior himself.

    She reaches over to retrieve something from her bag,

    It''s a finely decorated spear, with tiny jewels along its base, and a long and lean shaft. I can tell this isn''t a material I recognize. The de and its wings are long and elegant, with a decorated blue crystal hanging from its shaft.

    "This, and you, are our only hope." Sofia breaks me out of my trance, and I know what I have to do.

    I steady myself and focus. My heart rate slows as I tap into a part of myself I hadn''t had use for in a very long time, not since I became a doctor. That primal, animalistic feeling I had trained many years to control. Even in human form, I knew this was what turning into a wolf would feel like.Material ? N?velDrama.Org.

    I open my eyes, and my vision is razor sharp. I take the spear from Sofia, and I''m ready to go after my prey.

###Chapter19

    "So, what''s the n?" I hear out of the peripheries of my hearing. When I''m focused on my hunt, it''s like having tunnel vision. Nothing can or will deter me. I exit the room, Alex and Carina staying behind supporting Sofia. I walk past a confused Eli and Lucas and I''m

    barely aware as all three lycans follow me out of the office and through the packhouse.

    As I get to the base of the pack house, right at the entrance; I take off my shoes and start ying around with the spear. I''m getting used to its feel and its weight, ying with it in the palm of my hands, circling it around me. I stretch out my thigh muscles, my back, and my neck which feel stiff after not being used for weeks; I''m warming them up for the chase.

    Lifting my face up to the wind, all of the hairs on my body stand to attention. I allow the wind to convey where the beast ising from and as it blows in my face, I perceive a smell of decay and roting our way from the North, my mind locking in on it. My senses lock in on my prey.

    I can somehow feel the beast as it is approaching us, fast and steady. It isn''t being deterred by any attack from the wolves.

    Without a second thought, I sprint into action.

    I''m running past the fields where I used to y with my friends as a youngling. I''m running past the clinic that helped shape who I am today. I''m running past the orphanage that was my very first encounter with this pack that would eventually be my family. I''m running so fast; it almost feels like I''m floating. My eyes squint at the rapid wind but quickly adjust.

    At this point, I vaguely recognize the heavy steps of the lycans following me; it''s clear to me they had to turn into their beasts in order to keep up with my pace. The muscles on my legs are straining as I will them to move faster and faster.Material ? N?velDrama.Org.

    We reach a clearing where something stops me; everything is awfully quiet. Too quiet. I can''t hear the wolves, I can''t sense the beast. The wind has ominously stopped blowing.

    Couching down to the ground. I put my hand on the soil connecting to the forest.

    Suddenly, I can sense themotion that''sing our way. In the distance, I can hear the distinctive wolf howls signaling retreating straight in our direction.

    A lycan that I recognize as Noah ces himself protectively in front of me, his huge frame effectively covering me from the impending attack. It hasn''t registered to him that I''m the only one who can see this thing and therefore, it''s up to me to protect him and the rest of the pack.

    I don''t even have time to admire his midnight ck fur when the first wolvese into our line of vision.

    They''re running furiously, straight to thest line of defense in the pack house. By now, they have bought everyone enough time to hide, and in theory enough time for the lycans to run away. The n was solid, but everyone, including myself, underestimated the beast. I didn''t think it would make such quick work of our best warriors, but here it is, only about half a mile from the pack house.

    It won''t happen again.

    As more and more wolves starting our way, I see trees in the distance bending and shifting under incredible weight; and soon, I am looking at the beast straight on, walking towards the clearing where we stand.

    I sidestep Noah and sprint full force towards the now, to me, fully visible creature. I was right the first time; this thing is exactly as folk tales describe chimeras, with a lion''s head, the body of a human-like creature, a long tail, and hooves.   How I wish I would have paid more attention in those sses when I was younger. What were their weak points? How do you defeat a beast like this? Where do they evene from?

    I don''t have time to ponder on all these useless questions for now as it has noticed meing towards it and attempts to stomp me with its giant foot; but I easily side step it. Then, it attempts to crush me with its giant arm, but I sidestep it once again. Its expression in a frown as he''s bing annoyed with me.

    I use its extended arm on the ground as leverage to climb onto it and reach its face. My first n of attack is to try and blind it; If I seed, this will be a more even ying field.

    I make quick work of the first eye byunching myself, spear first, into it. The spear prates the eye ball effortlessly, and I grin to myself as the beast shrieks loudly. This is good. This is the first win. But as I''m attempting to retrieve the spear from its eyeball, the beast shakes so furiously that it catapults me to the nearest tree. My back hits it with a big thud; the pain causing stars to blur my vision momentarily.

    Noah is quickly by my side, his huge frame crouched to help me up.

    I have no time to lose if we intend on defeating this thing before it kills us all.

    "The spear is stuck in its left eye! It will give you and the others a sense of where to attack the beast! GO!"

    Noah quickly returns to the clearing to ry the message, and an attack is coordinated. I''m fast to get up and follow, I need to retrieve that spear from its eye, but I first have to figure out how we''re going to actually kill it. The others attacking will give me some reprieve to observe it well. or so I hoped.

    After managing to shake off all of its attackers, the beast''s white eyes scan the clearing looking for something... looking for me.

    It spots me, locks eyes with me, and begins charging at me at full speed with a furious expression in its eyes.

    I''m afraid now it''s me who''s being hunted down like prey.

###Chapter20

    -Vera-

    The beast begins charging at me full speed and I have to say, I''m d I run about 10 miles a day or else I''d be chimera lunch by now. Despite all the wolves attacking and all the lycans. charging at it, its sole intent is on getting to me and killing me. Out of nowhere, I hear more wolves running our way. They''reing from the direction of the pack house. Soon, about fifty wolves are emerging to the clearing, fangs bared; they must be the ones that were guarding the other borders. I have to be quick about this, we can''t leave the borders unprotected for too long and I can''t risk losing any more wolves.

    I make my way to the wolves as they are charging towards the beast, recognizing their lieutenant quickly. I make my way to him, knowing the beast will be busy for a few seconds with the iing wave of attacking wolves.

    "I need you to buy me time, I need that spear that''s in its eye!" I tell him, Desperation is starting to take over me as I see more and more wolves on the ground.

    The lieutenant nods its head and charges towards the beast, managing to get its fangs deeply into the leg of the beast.

    I run over to where Noah, Lucas and Eli are getting up from the floor. I get on my knees to look Noah in the eyes.

    "Noah, I need you tounch me towards the spear." All three beasts stare at me in disbelief. "I know how that sounds, but I need to retrieve it to blind its other eye, at least then we have a fighting chance."

    Noah hesitates for a minute, but is quick to get on his feet. He picks me up, carrying me towards the beast. Once we are close enough and on its side, he puts his huge paw on my torso. Thank the Goddess for core strength, because he carries me from my mid torso like I''m a spear myself, andunches me into the air.

    As I''munched into the air, it is clear to me that Noah overestimated my weight and his strength, because I amunched straight up, looking at the beast from below, nowhere near my target. However, once I''m there, with this vantage point, I see a very bright dot on the top of its head.

    For some reason, I feel a pulse of energy emanating from the bright light, like this is where the strength of the beast ising from; that''s my target.

    I descend to the ground, far from the beast, and Eli is right there to catch me. His silver coat making him stand out.

    "I hope you''re not the one who taught Noah how to throw." He scoffs and positions me to beunched directly at the spear.

    I''m in the air, in direct trajectory to the face of the creature.

    He has perfect aim and fortunately the beast didn''t notice me.

    Itch myself onto the spear, the pull on its eye ball making the beast cry out in pain and shake its head furiously.

    I put my feet on its face to leverage myself and take out the spear. Once I do, I use my free arm to hold on to the beast''s furry cheek. It attempts to w at me, only managing to scratch itself deeply on its face as I crawl up to the top of its head. I make quick of my climbing expedition and once I reach my destination, I can see the dot of bright light; it is encrusted into the beast itself, it''s in its skull, throughyers andyers of hair.

    I raise the spear with both hands and ram it in the direction of the light, making the beast even more frantic and it tries to get rid of me and defend itself from the onught of wolves.

    The spear can only reach halfway, so I pull it back and position myself to try again. However, the beast is now on its knees doing all it can to stop me. I''m dodging its hands as I try to get a better angle to ram the spear into, almost slipping off its head a few times. I manage to get to the spot again by holding on to its thick fur. The wolves and lycans are doing the best to stop it, getting their cues from where I''m at in the air.

    I get a better position and once again take advantage of the distraction and ram the spear with all of my strength into the light again. A horrible shriek is heard from the beast, meaning I''m getting closer to the light, but it isn''t dead yet.

    I need to reach deeper, I need to dig the spear deeper, but as much as I try, it just isn''t enough.

    I''m not strong enough to do this myself.

    I frantically start looking below, desperate for a solution, for help, when I feel arge body crawling over me and every nerve on my body bes aware. I don''t have to look to know it''s Noah.

    Hees up, his body over mine, and starts pushing the spear with me, the beast shrieking even louder. Noah and I are using all of our strength but the thick skull of the beast is proving to be stronger than both of us. I start worrying that the spear itself will break before we can destroy this thing.

    From the corner of my eye I see Eli crawling towards us, positioning himself next to Noah and algo grabbing on to the spear and pushing.

    Between the three of us, it is barely enough.

    But it *is* enough.N?velDrama.Org ? content.

    The spear rips into the light and the beast falls to the ground with arge thud, onest nasty shrieking from it. All three of us fall to the ground along with it, Noah protecting me as we fall. We rolled on the ground, breathing heavily, our faces up towards the sky un utter exhaustion.

    It''s finally over.

###Chapter21

    -Vera-

    My eyes are closed as I feel the rush of adrenaline leaving my body. I''m breathing heavily and there is ringing in my ear from all the exertion. As my heart begins to settle, I open my eyes and sit up; all the muscles in my body straining. Everyone that was in the clearing has gathered around Noah, Eli, myself and the beast. Now that it is visible, some are eyeing it curiously, fearfully; others are brave enough to poke it to verify that it is indeed dead. The beast doesn''t bulge. Lying next to me is Noah, still in his lycan form. I ce my hand on his forehead, beckoning his eyes open.

    We did it.

    We actually did it.

    A loud howl of joy erupts from someone in the crowd that has formed, and several quickly follow; I smile at their outburst. All the wolves start turning to human form and screaming at the top of their lungs. I tend to forget how nudity-friendly wolves are.

    I lower my gaze, ashamed by the scenery and focus on Noah who is intently looking at me. His ck lycan eyes are slowly fading, revealing the hazel eyes I like so much. He''s getting ready to shift as Lucas jogs over in his human form to give his friends some clothes. I cover my eyes, still sitting on the floor as Noah and Eli quickly put on some clothes.

    Noah ces his hands on my cheeks, causing me to lower my hands from my face. His eyes are filled with more love and... pride?... than I have ever known from anyone.

    "You did it, Vera. You fucking did it," and without warning, he kisses me.

    The kiss is everything I ever hoped a kiss could be, and then some. Fireworks are erupting in my mind and my entire being is on fire. How could I ever even think to go on a lifetime without this?

    I deepen the kiss, causing a fire to pool in my belly. If we continue like this, I might not even care that we are in the middle of a clearing, with a dead beast, and all of the pack members surrounding us.

    Noah breaks the kiss and puts his forehead on mine; we''re both exhausted and injured. borderline hyperventting, but none of that seems to matter right now.

    With the dead beast on the ground and everyone cheering around us, it feels like a huge weight has been lifted for both of us.Contentt bel0ngs to N0ve/lDra/ma.O(r)g!

    The crowd starts moving in sync, drawing our attention. Noah helps me up just as Sofia appears in the clearing, followed by Alex, each with a baby in their arms.

    Her dress is a mess, blood crusted at its hem, her face puffy and her usually impable hair in disarray. It is also clear that the twins have literally just been born; they haven''t even been cleaned properly. Sofia looks swollen, teary, and most importantly, weak. "Brothers and sisters. There will be a time to celebrate. For now, we gather around the pyre and bring our warriors home."

    The look on everyone''s faces fall. The relief and happiness from defeating the beast had temporarily blinded us to the reality of the situation: the high cost at which we obtained this victory. Just thinking about our wolves lying on the ground, lifeless, devoid of their souls, causes a knot to form in my stomach.

    Her words had the intended effect as the crowd is dispersing, following their Alpha''smand. I say still, looking directly at her as her eyes scan the crowd. Theynd on me, and the minute our eyes lock, I can tell her tears are about to fall. Not wanting to show any more weakness to her pack, she turns her head and leaves the clearing with Alex close behind.

    I turn to the lycans and without a word they know to follow me. I let go of Noah''s hand, feeling guilty I hadn''t thought about the aftermath of the attack.

    Deciding to make myself useful, I make my way back to the clinic to asses the chaos that ensued the battle.

    When we get there, my heart breaks; beds are filled with wolves, some even having to wait seated on the floor to be taken care of. The elders who once were doctors and nurses have alsoe out to help.

    As I make my way through the corridors, the clinic is not only packed, but there is no order; everyone running around without a clear n. Where is Doctor Owens?

    I find Violet tending to the wounds of one of the warriors; there is a deep cut that nearly severed his leg. Violet has managed to stop the bleeding but he will need to be wheeled up to surgery as soon as possible.

    "Where is doctor Owens? Who''s running the clinic?"

    She looks at me with sympathy in her eyes.

    "He''s in surgery."

    Well, that isn''t strange at all. I give her a questioning look, not understanding the sad look on her face.

    "Vera," she ces her hand on mine, "he is in surgery."

    It takes me a moment to understand what she''s saying... this can''t be happening.

    "He heard about what you were going to do and he wanted to be there just in case... just in case you needed him."

    We exchange a long look; one I know all too well. The situation isn''t likely to turn in his favor. I start to panic.

    "Go, I got this. O.R 4."

    I take off, running through the halls, navigating through all the people crowding the clinic. I reach the stairs and sprint to the third floor. I enter the surgery room, straining my muscles even further, just as everyone is taking off their gloves and I hear the distinct, long beep of the machine, indicating there is no heartbeat.

    "Time of death, eighteen forty-two."

###Chapter22

    -Vera-

    I crumble to the floor as the surgeon''s attention falls on me, my legs giving out. My heart feels like it''s going to hammer out of my chest.

    This can''t be real. The only father I''ve ever known can''t be gone. I crawl closer to the table, tears beginning to rim my eyes. When I get close to the table though. I notice somehting odd.

    "This... this isn''t... doctor Owens?" I turn my hopeful eyes to the surgeon as hees around to kneel beside me. His kind eyes are smiling, but there is so much sadness in them.

    "Vera, I presume. No, this isn''t doctor Owens, this is Nathan, he was one of the warriors at the border when the beast attacked."

    We both look at the lifeless body of the warrior; the tears that had begun to form in my eyes now falling to my cheeks.

    "As for Dr. Owens''s, his surgery went well; he''s recovering from the anesthesia in a makeshift recovery room we prepared in his office."

    I start crying even more. Full on, ugly face crying. All of the emotions of the day, all of the feelings I had been avoiding in order toplete my task,e back at once. I barely even notice when the doctor gently helps me up, guiding me to a chair just outside the O.R. He''s holding me while I let it all out.

    After about five minutes. I''m finally beginning to calm down and the doctor hands me a bottle of water. I take it and down it in one gulp.

    Now that all the adrenaline has left my body, I realize how banged up I really am. My thigh and calf muscles are on fire, my back and rib cage area hurt more than I can describe. I might have a broken rib or two, and my head wants to explode.

    While assesing the state of my body, my hand goes to where my head is especially tingly; I feel blood. I have a cut which I measure with my fingers, it''s no more than six centimeters, right in my hairline. It isn''t very big, but it is quite deep. The doctor moves to get supplies to clean me up but I grab his arm and stop him.

    "No, please, many are in far worse shape. Go help them first, I''ll clean myself up."

    He gives me a long look. Hees closer to me and hugs me gently, whispering in my ear,

    "Thank you." He says simply, and walks away.

    I''m confused about the exchange. I''m the one who should be thanking him. In fact, I don''t even know this doctor but judging from his age, he''s probably a retired doctor that came to help out.

    After gathering the supplies I''ll need, I make my way to Dr. Owens''s office, needing to make sure he''s ok.

    When I step into the room, one of the nurses, also one I don''t recognize, is checking on him. As she notices me, she gasps and nearly drops her chart.

    "Sorry," I start, "I just wanted to check on him." Sheposes herself quickly.

    "Oh, honey. It''s okay. He''s doing just fine. He was injured by the beast in the clearing when he was trying to help one of the warriors. It punctured a main artery in his leg but they managed to clip it."

    I smile at this. I''m not the least bit surprised that he was there trying to help people. Dr. Owens is one of the kindest and caring people I know. The nurse moves towards me,

    "Here, let me take care of that for you."

    She grabs the supplies from my hands and direct me to sit on the chair at the side of Dr. Owens''s bed.

    She begins working on cleaning my wound, disposing of dirty gauze after dirty gauze. I''m entirely filthy from the battle.

    "It''ll need stitches. I''ll be right back with some anesthesia." She says after she''s done with the clean up.

    When shees back, I''m still sitting in a chair next to my mentor, energy draining from my body fast. She makes quick work of the anesthetic by injecting my forehead with it. She proceeds to further clean, stitch, and bandage the wound.

    "I know I don''t have to tell you this, but take it easy. With a wound like that. I''m surprised you didn''t lose consciousness."

    I smile at her and thank her, genuinely grateful that I didn''t have to stitch this up myself. She grabs her chart and leaves, closing the door behind her. I lean into Dr. Owens''s bed and grab his hand. I stay like this for at least an hour, processing everything that had happened.N?velDrama.Org owns ? this.

    I felt different. I don''t know what felt different, but something definitely was. My dreams, visions, now felt like a distant memory, stored somewhere in my mind. I had more questions than answers. Why was I the only one that could see the creature? Why did I manage to see it even when I wasn''t there? How do I make sense of everything I saw in my visions? Is any of it real?

    I get up to leave when I feel myself dozing off; I also wanted to check on Sofia before I head to the pyre. It still isn''t time for me to rest.

    When I exit Dr. Owens''s office, everyone turns to me. The doctors, nurses, and even the injured wolves stop what they''re doing and make way for me, bowing their heads. It is the sign of outmost respect in the pack, normally only exhibited for the alpha. I make my way through the hall and exit the clinic, turning briefly onest time to look at it.

    Everyone still had their heads bowed.

###Chapter23

    -Vera-

    I head to the pack house, where I''ll find Sofia in the top floor. As I make my way through the halls, I no over yet.

    When I reach the Alpha''s room, I hesitate before knocking on the door. What if she''s asleep?

    *Come in, I hear in my head. It''s Sofia.

    "The woman of the hour," she says softly as I open the door.

    eryone regarding me just like they had in the clinic; I don''t know what to make of it but I don''t really care right now. I''m exhausted and the day isn''t even

    Her room is thergest in the pack house, naturally. It''s not so much a room as it is a suite, with floor to ceiling french doors and a massive balcony outside. Her bed sits facing the northern wall, in between both french doors. I make my way to her. She''s sitting on her bed with the twins napping to her side; she has a bunch of herp.

    "Alpha." I salute her.

    We exchange a long look and then break out of character. I rush to my best friend and hug her tightly. If there is a moment to break protocol, it is now, after everything we have been through.

    "Oh, V. Thank you, thank you, thank you."N?velDrama.Org owns ? this.

    We both begin to tear up. In one day, Sofia had her twins, we were attacked by a beast of folklore, and When we separate, we both grab tissues that were on the bed andpose ourselves. "Oh Goddess, look at them."

    up from what I can only describe as a magic induceda.

    The tissuese in handy since I''m crying again, looking at Sofia''s babies. I crawl to bed next to them and ouch one lightly on the forehead. "They''re absolutely perfect, Sof."

    "Aren''t they?" She''s sniffling again and I grab her hand.

    "You did such a good job, mamma."

    "Oh please, if it wasn''t for you..." she cuts off to blow her nose but her eyes are rimmed with tears, "if wasnt for you, none of us would be here right now."

    Her words hang as we stay like this, looking at the twins; their tiny chests breathing in and out inplete rxation,plety oblivious to the peril circumstance of their birth. Sofia really did do an amazing job at keeping it together while we were attacked, and doing all of this without any real medical intervention like an epidural; to me, it further proves her position as Alpha.

    "I named her Rose, and he''s John."

    "John Allen," a memory of Jade Waterfall under a new moones to me, "like your ancestor."

    Sofia frowns.

    "Yes, how did you know?"

    I''m not sure what to answer her so I stay silent. How do I even begin to exin to her everything I saw, and most importantly, why? My silence is very telling, and she continues,

    "Well, we will have some time to talk about that. For now, please go and get some rest, take a shower. It will take about two hours to get the pyre ready."

    "How many?" I ask tly.

    Sofia lowers her gaze. "Forty-six."

    Forty-six of our wolves, of our warriors, of our brothers and sisters... dead.

    The pain I feel cannot be described, so I can''t even imagine what Sofia is going through, having a connection to all of the pack all at once. She not only felt their deaths, but she now feels the pain and loss of their loved ones; their mates, their kids, siblings and parents. There are many reasons why the Alpha is regarded as the strongest of the pack, and not all of them are physical.    Sofia is enduring all of this while also navigating all of the emotions thate with being a mom; I am truly in awe.

    Still, I worry that it might indeed be too much for her. Knowing her the way that I do, I''m sure she will drown all of her sorrow in tireless work. I worry even more knowing that I won''t be here to support her through this; Sofia will need a friend now more than ever and our connection has always been easy bause we grew up together.

    "Please take it easy on yourself Sof," I advise her, "there was nothing you could''ve done, and what''s more important, look what you have given the pack," I look at baby John, "a male Allen heir."

    This n has always thrived under Allen leadership; in fact, its darkest days have alwayse under the leadership of some other fool who thought they could lead this pack. Sofia was a surprise baby, the only one the Moon Goddess blessed her parents with. To say that the entire n was disappointed it wasn''t a boy is an understatement. Some members even deserted the n, thinking the Allen dynasty was definitively over now that there was only a girl to inherit the Alpha position.

    It fills me with pride to be able to say that Sofia has been anything but a disappointment.

    "Well, let''s not get ahead of ourselves, I''m gonna teach Rose how to kick a*s just like her momma." Sofia blows her nose once again, distracting me from my thoughts. "Now, I have a surprise for you, it''s in your room. Please go shower, you seriously stink."

    We look at each other in a silent conversation that only we are able to have, perhaps because of how close we''ve been ever since she found me. The heaviness of the day is weighing on both of us.

    I hug her onest time and exit her room, not before taking a long look at the twins again. I can''t exin why, but I have a feeling that this mythical beast appearing and the birth of Allen twins cannot be mere coincidence.

    My feet are barely lifting to step as I approach my room; every part of me simply hurts. When I''m about to turn the doorknob, I know exactly what gift Sofia is referring to.

    I groan inwardly. My Alpha and her dirty, dirty mind.

###Chapter24

    -Vera-

    I open the door and Noah isying on my bed, facing the ceiling and fast asleep. He''s breathing softly, carelessly. My heart warms at the sight. He''s wearing new clothes, no doubt procured by the warriors who probably have his same build; dark blue jeans and a simple ck t-shirt. I had to admit, no one ever made simple look so good. Not wanting to wake him, I tip toe to my bathroom and notice it''s been used. He probably used my shower and changed right here, waiting for me.

    I get the tub ready; a nice, hot bath with some healing herbs might be enough to ease the pain in my muscles. I don''t heal as fast as the rest of the pack because I haven''t connected to my wolf yet, so I''ve always had to be extra careful. That''s what turned me into a good fighter; while others were careless about their injuries knowing they''d heal in a day''s time, I had to be smarter and faster because I didn''t have that same luxury. In fact, so many in training had been wounded to a point where it would be fatal to me. Training to them was just that, but to me, it was sometimes life and death.

    Starting the shower, I take a good bath first, scrubbing every inch of my body, ridding it of all the filth and dried blood that I have umted through the day. I had sters of blood, dirt, and goddess knows what else smeared all over me; my nose crinkling every time I had to be aggresive with the scrub to get rid of them.

    When I''m done, I enter the bath and submerge. I sigh in contentment; this is exactly what I needed. I submerge everything but my face, being mindful of the stitches I have in my forehead.

    *

    I take this time to meditate as usual, onlt this time I''m tryong to focus on the visions or... dreams*... I had. They''re more like a foggy memory now, and I can feel myself losing the memories of them as more time goes by. Maybe meditating on them, trying to recall them, will keep them fresh in my memory.

    After about 20 minutes of my breathing exercises, it is clear that my mind is too tired for this right now. I can''t remember anything significant, only snippets of what I *maybe* saw. I know there is some great significance to this, but I can''t bring the memories forward despite my best attempt.

    Letting about 10 more minutes go by, I get out of the tub, towel myself dry, and get dressed in a red dress, traditional for wolf funeral ceremonies. It''s a simple satin wrap dress with short sleeves, that reaches just below my mid-calf. I pause to look myself in the mirror, my fingertips. going to my face.

    I look pretty banged up. The still swollen stitches on my forehead do very little for myplexion, as I look like a sick mid-century orphan. My dark circles are more prominent than before, even if I did just wake up from a very long sleep. How long was I asleep for, anyway?

    I quickly fix my hair, brushing though all the knots and tangled mess. It looks half decent when I''m done, at least its back to being straight.

    I contemte putting on makeup to disguise how bad I feel on the inside, but choose not to. This isn''t a time to pretend to not feel like shit. All of the pack feels like shit too, just like me.

    When I open the bathroom door, Noah is still asleep and I consider leaving him here for the entire ceremony. He''s been through a lot already just these past few weeks, I''m sure he needs the rest.

    As I''m looking at him and weighing my options, the ceremonial horn blows off in the distance, signaling that the Pyre Ceremony has begun.

    Noah jolts up from the bed and is quick on his feet, his eyes are a tired red.

    "Wha-what''s that?" He''s frantically trying to put his shoes on, "Another attack? Vera, where-" his eyesnd on me.

    We stay like this for a while, him staring at me. I can see the veins on his neck rapidly pumping blood; his jaw drops to the floor.

    "Wow..." He finally manages when heposes himself.

    I smile gently enjoying the overtpliment, but then again, he''s my mate, he''s not the best judge on how I actually look.Contentt bel0ngs to N0ve/lDra/ma.O(r)g!

    Taking a few steps, I reach the middle of the room and extend my hand towards him.

    "Come on, we have a ceremony to get to. Don''t bother with the shoes, you won''t need them." Indeed, all of our ceremonies are done without any shoes on, connecting directly to the ground.

    He takes my hand and pulls me towards him, embracing me gently but securely. I take a deep breathe, inhaling his scent andmitting this feeling to memory. He smells like the forest. which doesn''t make sense; no one should smell like the forest itself. "I''m so sorry, Vera. For everything. If we hadn''te here, this would have never happened."

    I hug him a little tighter.

    "None of this is your fault, Noah. Not yours, not Eli''s, not Lucas''s. Those wolves died with honor, defending their own. That is what this ceremony is about, not cing me."

    I meant every word. None of the other wolves in the pack thought any different. The fact was, if that thing was out there there was no guarantee that it wouldn''t eventuallye for us, too.

    We stay like this for a while, both of us drawingfort from each other and then, hand in hand, we walk out of the pack house, into the open field towards the pyre.

###Chapter25

    -Vera-

    The ceremony is set up with a pyre in the middle of a huge, open field, surrounded by trees. The moon today is especially bright and there are no clouds to dim her. The bodies of our fallen warriors are carefully wrapped in linens and ced in the pyre. There are

    far too many and my heart gets heavier and heavier as we approach.

    Noah and I reach the Ceremony and most wolves already seem to be here. Notably, I cannot see Eli or Lucas amongst the crowd. I turn to Noah to ask but he seems to already know what I''m thinking. "They''ll be here. They just didn''t know if our presence would be weed after everything that''s happened."

    Content with the answer, we deepen ourselves into the crowd, but same thing as before, everyone seems to make way for Noah and I.

    We make it to one of the empty nkets on the grass and sit.

    "This is interesting, observing wolves from up close." Noah breaks into my train of thought.

    "How so?" I ask, genuinely curious. I hadn''t thought about this before, but just as wolves are taught all sorts of horrible things about lycans, it makes sense that they are taught the same of wolves. "Well, first of all, the wolves I grew up reading about would''ve killed us first and asked questionster."

    "Well, aren''t you d we aren''t all monsters." I chime in, albeit sarcastically.

    "Yes, yes I am." He smiles at me and kisses the back of my hand. My stomach does a flip and I''m certain. If I was in healthier conditions, I''d be blushing. I swallow nervously but he doesn''t seem to catch it, he''s lost in his thoughts. "Tell me what else isn''t like your books." I ask.

    He turns to look at me.

    "You know, lycan society isn''t like this, at all. What wolves have... that camaraderie... that kinship... is what lycans pretend to have, and they will im you guys are the barbaric, back stabbing beasts. In reality, that''s most of the lycans I know, specially the higher you go on the political food chain."

    "How does that work? Do you guys have an Alpha, or...?"

    "We have a King that presides over a Council. Although ''king'' is a hefty title for that jackass," he looks at me with a sly smile, "this stays between us, of course."

    "Of course." I dere. It doesn''t go unnoticed how good it feels to be actually connecting to Noah, mate bond aside.

    "King Alistair appointment himself after overthrowing the previous King. We are like wolves in that regard, we respect and follow power. But from what I heard; it wasn''t a clean fight. The previous king. King Alexander, was an elite fighter, an apex predator. There''s no way Alistair... King Alistair... could have won cleanly. So, in the end, he had to take over despite peoples'' protests."

    "What about the Council? Shouldn''t they have stepped in and removed him?"

    "Should have, yes. But they were too vested politically. I''m not sure what it was, but King Alexander had done something unforgivable, apparently. Even the Council supported the coup."

    We stay silent for a minute, Noah consumed in his thoughts.

    "You know what else is interesting?" He starts again, "we are sold this idea that everyone outside lycan society is living out in the woods like actual animals. That everyone but lycans are poor. But," he extends his arm and motions towards the pack house, "this, all of this, is more advanced than anything we have back home."

    This confuses me because to my knowledge, we aren''t even the most technologically advanced pack in the region. "What do you mean with ''advanced'' exactly?"

    "The clinic for instance. It has advanced machines and decent medicine..."

    I jab him in the ribs and heughs.

    "Say ''decent'' referring to my clinic one more time and I''ll use you to start the pyre." I re at him just tond my point home. He''s cradling his ribs with one hand, stillughing.

    "In all seriousness," he continues, "all, absolutely all, of what we are sold about werewolves is a lie. I''m just wondering why that is."

    Again, we stay silent, both lost in our own thoughts.

    The second horn blows, signaling it is time to light the pyre. It is the most solemn moment of the night. All wolves gather around tightly. We all look like red flowers fallen on a vast, green carpet of grass.

    Sofia steps closer to the northern end of the pyre, a symbolic point for the warriors'' journey ahead; this is where the fire must begin. She''s wearing a magnificent red, long sleeve, off shoulder wrap dress, with a beautiful tail dragging behind her. The dress is as grand as her position entails.

    As the prayer begins, we all lower our heads and Sofia utters the ancient chant in our minds. Once finished, she lowers the torch onto the pyre. It spreads quickly, making smoke rise up to the moon who watches us intently. There is no doubt in my mind that the Moon Mother is witness to our grief.

    Everyone moves on about, talking to each other and remembering the fallen warriors. Kids are now allowed toe out and are running around back and forth, chasing each other and ying. To them, who don''t know any better, this is just a bonfire ceremony that allows them to stay up past their bedtime.

    Noah and I have once again found ourselves on an empty nket on the ground, only now I can spot Eli and Lucas making their way towards us.

    When they reach us, they greet us and sit. I''m about to tease Eli about how his arm hasn''t fully healed yet, when I notice a warriore up to us, kneel, and put a canine in front of me.

    Then another warrior approaches and does the same thing, and then another, and then another. Soon, there is a line of wolves, warriors and non-warriors, waiting to do the same. The three lycans are eyeing me confused, but I''m too stunned to turn away.

    This isn''t part of this ceremony, but it is part of a ceremony, and it is the biggest honor in any pack. An honor only awarded to very few wolves, and all alphas at that.

    I am being recognized as the pack''s strongest warrior.N?velDrama.Org owns ? this.

###Chapter26

    -Vera-

    "But isn''t it a little, I don''t know, gross?" Asks Lucas when I''m done exining the events of the Pyre Ceremony.

    "It''s not gross, it''s an honor, Lucas." I''ve had to point this out to them a few times already.

    "Ok but did you have to pick up and keep all of them?" Asks Noah.

    "I mean how did you want me to pick which ones to leave? That''d be a very big insult to all of the people that gave me their canines." "Well and how are they going to hunt now, toothless?!" Eli chimes in, and all three lycans burst outughing.

    I roll my eyes; the joke isn''t even funny.

    "They''ll grow back, obviously."

    They''ve all stoppedughing and are looking at me, so I exin further.

    "I''ve done hundreds of canine removals, guys. If you lose a tooth in wolf form, it grows back."

    They''re all staring at me in disbelief. I smirk, turning my back to them to continue packing. How''s that for being the superior species?

    We all proceed to pack what we will need for the trip back to the lycan territory. The lycans have decided to stay a few more days, conferring with our elders about what they have found out about the chimera.

    The elders have dissected the beast and concluded that such a fantastical being was created purely by magic; when they opened up its insides, the beast wasprised of many gruesome body parts of all kinds of creatures.   The light that was shining at the top of its head ended up being a mythical stone used in very ancient witchcraft, hence when it was cracked, the link to the magical source of its power was broken.

    I, for one, need to make sure everything around the clinic will be running smoothly once I leave. After everything that happened, Violet has been named interim Head Physician, even though she''s a nurse. She knows this clinic and its doctors like the back of her hand.

    I''m on my way to see Dr. Owens now and check on his progress. I enter the physical therapy room and just as I suspected, he''s already walking on his own.

    "See?! This old man still has the strength of a youngling!" He deres triumphantly.

    Sam is holding his cane to one side as Dr. Hartman overlooks Dr. Owens''s recovery.

    "Quite remarkable, I must say. At this rate, you won''t even need the cane."Contentt bel0ngs to N0ve/lDra/ma.O(r)g!

    "Did I not tell you?! Oh! -" He spots me, "Vera,e look! A little nick to the artery won''t be enough to hold this old man down!"

    "I didn''t expect anything less." I smile and go over to him, watching as he takes a few more steps on his own. Dr. Hartman intervenes and grabs his arm.

    "Ok, ok. That''s enough for today. It''s clear you''re making a fast recovery but don''t get ahead of yourself."

    Sam passes the cane to Dr. Owens, who doesn''t seem to want to take it but eventually relents. Even if he''s already walking again, his young years have indeed long passed, and he is aware of it.

    "Sam, it''s ok. I''ll head back with Vera."

    With that, Sam takes off to her rounds and I go over to Dr. Owens, offering my arm for added support.

    "You''re the only one I''ll ept this from."

    "I won''t tell if you don''t." I wink at him as he ces his hand inside my elbow.

    We walk outside the pack house towards the inner gardens. Since he''s been in recovery, Violet and the other staff members barricaded his office so he couldn''t go in and work.

    Once we reach the gardens, we sit on one of the benches in front of the fountain. The gardens are modest, but oh so beautiful. The fountain in the middle is made from green tiles, reminiscent of Jade Waterfall. There are hanging nts, benches, and all sorts of flowers adorning every corner.

    "I''m d you came to see me today, I don''t know how long until you guys start on your journey." He reaches for something in his pocket. "I wanted to give you this during my farewell party, but well, I didn''t get the chance."

    "Oh, Dr. Owens, you don''t have to..."

    "Vera, you can call me Michael. You know that."

    He''s always preferred I use his first name but, at least in the clinic, it feels too informal.

    "This belonged to my wife," he opens a little jewelry box, "It was given to her by her mother, who received it from her grandmother, and so on, you get the point."

    I''m looking at the opened jewelry box. Inside there is a dainty, gold ne with what appears to be an emerald pendant.

    "I don''t understand..."

    "Vera, you know my wife and I... our Moon Mother never blessed us with a child... and then my wife passed away and nothing made sense to me anymore. Until I met you." He clears his throat, the emotion getting to him. "Anyway, if we''d had a daughter, this would''ve been hers. My wife and I never had that luxury, but I did."

    I can feel my eyes rim with tears, I''m speechless.

    "I can''t possibly take this, Michael. I''m ttered, I love it, and I love you, but I can''t... this was your wife''s."

    "And she''d want you to have it. Had she met you, she''d see in you exactly what I see. You are the daughter we never had." He takes out a handkerchief and hands it to me, even though at this point we''re both tearing up. This is goodbye for us, for who knows how long.

###Chapter27

    -Vera-

    "Sofia, we need to talk."

    "Vera! I was justing over to find you." She says cheerfully. She''s sitting in her office, b***** feeding one of her twins as she reads some reports.

    "Are you serious? Do you never stop working?"

    "Hey! I''m reading Thomas''s reports on *his* Alpha duties."

    "You mean the one thing you allowed him to take from your hands?" I raise my eyebrows.

    The only thing she''s allowing him to do is look over the month''s meal ns.

    "And he''s doing a crap job at it," she grumbles, "so, what''s up? You seem agitated."

    "We need to talk about... I don''t even know how to put it." I hesitate for a moment, genuinely confused at how to even start this conversation. "So, I was just talking to Dr. Owens, right? And he gave me this ne," I touch the dainty emerald ne sitting in my cor bone, "he told me something that jogged my memory."

    She gives me a questioning look, putting all the reports down and setting the baby on the bas.

    "I had a dream, or a vision, about Jade Waterfall, it involved your ancestor, John, and a warlock with my samest name. His name was Victor."

    She raises her eyebrows, realization dawning on her.

    "What?" I ask.

    "No, no, continue. I just remembered something."

    "Anyway," I continue, "Dr. Owens told me that there is a legend that the green coloring in Jade Waterfall actuallyes from emeralds in the bed rock, and not moss like we were taught. This ne is a piece of those emeralds, that has been passed down through generations in his wife''s family."

    "The Harrells." She interjects, but I let her continue. "Dr. Owens''s wife came from one of the founding families of this pack, one of the oldest along with the Allens."

    We let that piece of information hang between us for a minute before she continued.

    "That legend may very well be true, and that emerald may very well be from Jade Waterfall before it was all covered in moss."

    I touch the dainty ne once again. What was that memory of Jade Waterfall again? Oh! Right.

    "I saw it, Sofia. I saw it when it still had emeralds in it. In my dreams, that''s also why I knew your ancestor''s name."

    "What exactly were they doing?"

    "There was a warlock, Victor -

    "ckwood." She rifies.

    "Yes, Victor ckwood. He and John Allen were gathered in Jade Waterfall and Victor was chanting some form of... some form of spell... when he finished, he told John ''it is done."""

    Sofia looks at me for a long time, but I know she''s not focused on me. She''s deep in thought.

    "I always thought all those stories were fake." She whispers after a while.

    "What do you think it means?" I ask her.N?velDrama.Org ? content.

    "It means I have to go back to studying my family''s history," she says, "when I was younger my father would tell me all these stories that quite frankly seemed too fantastic, so I never paid any attention. I thought it was all lies; stories to boost the Allen name. Now I see it may not be so."

    Again, we stay silent.

    Both of us are at a loss and our of our depths when ites to all things magical. But now, it''s not only my future that depends on this knowledge, but also the pack''s. Everyone here is now aware of the presence of magic, very powerful and very malicious magic. Sofia will have her work cut out for her to ensure the safety of her pack and her twins.

    This thought brings along another memory.

    The Allen family was once linked with witches and warlocks, some even im there was intermingling within the species as a product of this closeness. If this is true, then the twins might be an wasy target for whatever, or whomever is out there. The fact that I''m leaving knowing full well how needed I might be here makes the pit of my stomach feel heavy. I look at the twins and think of all the things I will miss because I''m leaving; who knwos when I''ll be able to see them again. Will they be walking already? Learning how to fight? Already shifting to their wolf forms? Or worse, all grown and with their families of their own?

    Sofia break me out of my depressive thoughts,

    "I''m actually d you came to see me, V, I also needed to talk to you about something. I have some theories."

    "Theories about the beast?"

    "Theories about you."

    I look at her questioningly.

    "So, we know you look human, but you''re not. We know you''re a wolf, although you haven''t connected with her yet. I mean Noah sensed her, before that, I wasn''t even sure," she pauses, And now we know you have magic too." "Aren''t wolves innately magical, though?" I ask her, skeptical.

    "To some extent, yes, not to the extent you exhibit though."

    A long pause follows again.

    "So, what are you saying?" I''m hesitant to even ask.

    "Have you ever heard of a Spirit Wolf?"

###Chapter28

    -Vera-

    "Are you ready?"

    I''m vaguely staring out the window of my room. The day is unusually gloomy, like my mood. The clouds in the sky threaten rain, but we can''t wait any longer. We have to leave today. Someone''s hand on my shoulder brings me back to reality.

    It''s Noah.

    "Hey, are you ok?" His voice isced with concern.

    Thest two days have been hard. I''ve said my goodbyes to everyone in the pack; even people I didn''t really know came to embrace me and wish me safe travels. I put my hand on his.

    "Yeah," I smile, "let''s go."

    He takes my hand and my duffel bag, swinging it over his shoulder. It''s very early, most of the pack members are still asleep, making my departure a little easier.

    We reach the bottom of the stairs and walk to the entrance where Sofia and Alex are waiting with the babies.

    I go to them and hug each one tightly, then I kiss the twins on the forehead.

    "Take this, it''s yours." Sofia says to me and hands me the spear with which I killed the chimera.

    She had a sheath made for it so that I could carry it on my back. It fits perfectly.

    "Safe travels, sister." She hugs me tightly onest time, and we head out.

    No one is saying a word. Eli, Lucas, and Noah packed light. Only a backpack prepared by Sofia with essentials; food, hygiene, basic meds, etc. Noah was carrying my duffel bag and had decided to put his stuff in there too. The walk would take us about two to three days toplete, depending on the weather.

    After walking all morning in silence, we decided to stop for lunch and gauge the weather. There was a small clearing that allowed enough light to seep through so that it didn''t feel like night time.

    "It''s probably going to rain, there''s a cave close by, we should settle in for the rest of the day." I break the silence. All three were unpacking their lunches. In fact, Lucas was already nose deep in his sandwich.

    Noah hands me my lunch. He''s been extra attentive these past few days, probably perceiving how sad had be.

    "The clouds seem to be clearing. We continue." Eli said as he took a bite of the sandwich.

    I turned to Noah looking for support, but he shrugs his shoulders.

    "I''m sorry, Vera. The Council is expecting us. If we dy ourselves any further, it will look questionable."

    I start eating my sandwich without any appetite. They''re wrong but I don''t even have the emotional capacity right now to fight with them.

    When we''re done, we resume the walk.

    Some six hourster, we reach the end of the forest, the end of wolf territory... the end of my home. My feet feel heavy. My heart feels heavy. I have to fight the urge to cry as I feel myself slipping away from the forest and my family. Noah holds my hand and offers me a reassuring smile. This whole process is easier with him by my side, but it''s still one of the hardest things I''ve ever had to do.

    As we are about to step beyond the tree line, I feel a gentle drop of rain on my cheek. I extend my hand to make sure I''m not imagining things, and several fall on my hand. It is starting to rain, just as I predicted.

    Eli turns to me, looking at me as if this is my fault. I simply shrug my shoulders, I''m not sure how an ''I told you so'' would y out here.

    "We''re close to the camp, let''s wait it out there."N?velDrama.Org owns ? this.

    We soon have to run to the camp, the rain heavily pouring down on us. We make it there and I notice it''s the same camp the forest had shown me when the lycans had just shown up.

    "This is where they all died." I whisper. Only Noah catches it but seems to ignore it.

    He guides me to a big tent, proudly disying at its head the lycan g. It is a full moon, and a huge lycan beast howling in the middle of it. We enter and there are bunker beds lined inside. Lucas and Eli each pick one like it''s second nature, but Noah isn''t following suit. "Come, this is mine." He says as he guides me to a second tent within the big tent.

    What I walk into is more like a master bedroom than a tent. There is a king size bed in the middle, a desk to the left side, and countless books to the right side. There are maps, reports, targets, and what seem to be chess pieces on therge desk.

    "I don''t understand... why is this yours and Eli and Lucas are out there in the little beds."

    He smiles at me.

    "Because in here, I''m the boss."

    I stare at him baffled.

    "I''m themander of this unit... what''s left of it, anyway."

    He turns grim at the reality check. We are standing on the grounds were so many of hisrades died.

    A long silence follows. I feel the urge tofort him, but I myself don''t feel up for it.

    "Let''s not dwell," he breaks out of his train of thought, "you must be tired."

    He digs into the duffel bag, pulling out one of his t-shirts and hands it to me. My clothes are wet from the rain earlier, which only seems to be getting more severe as time passes. I take the shirt from him and he graciously turns around.

    Most mates wouldn''t turn around, most mates would feel entitled to me, but Noah doesn''t; I can''t help but thank the Moon Goddess for that. It''s not that I don''t want him, it''s just that right now, I don''t have the energy for anything. It feels like I''m in mourning. When I''m done, I do the same so that he can change, although something tells me he wouldn''t have a problem with me watching him undress.

    With my back turned to him, I go to the wall with all the books and browse them.

    There is everything from war tactics, to folk tales, to history books. I reach for one that seemed very old and read the cover. It''s about lycan history. Perfect, it will give me something to do.

    "Vera." I turn around to face Noah, now in a dry set of clothes, "You''re free to anything you find. I have to go talk to Eli and Lucas about what the Council expects from us tomorrow."

    I nod my head, already invested in the book I''m going to fall asleep to.

    I read the book on the bed for perhaps an hour until the rain has picked up even further and I can''t keep my eyes open. I settle in, gettingfortable in the middle of the massive bed, and focus on the sound of the rain.

    I can''t help but think that such unusually heavy rain is the forest itself, crying for my departure.

###Chapter29

    -Vera-

    When I wake up the next day, the rain has stoppedpletely. It''s still probably very early, before the crack of dawn, but I feel more energized already.

    I cuddle into the source of warmth at my back; Noah. He instinctively tightens his arm around me, cradling me into him. I let out a long sigh and smile to myself. Despite the circumstances, this seems to be the best sleep I''ve had in a very, very long time.

    I close my eyes hoping I can fall back to sleep, but twenty minutester, when I was finally drifting off to nap, Eli opens the curtain to the room and loudly yells, "Good morning,dies!"

    Both Noah and I grumble, cuddling into each other even more as if that will make that old man go away.

    "If you''re not up and ready to go in the next twenty minutes, I''ming in and cuddling with you." His tone is mischievous, and I have no doubt he will actually do it.

    I turn, hugging Noah and burying my face in his chest. He still smells like the forest.

    "He''s actually going to do it, isn''t he?" I ask into his chest.Contentt bel0ngs to N0ve/lDra/ma.O(r)g!

    "Yup."

    He''s rubbing my back and we stay like this for about five minutes until we hear Eli from outside our tent;

    "I mean it!"

    We both ''ugh'' at the same time and get up from the bed. We get dressed, again our backs to each other. I grab the book I borrowedst night and slip it into the duffel bag. Noah eyes me curiously, "Sorry, I didn''t even ask you if I could take it."

    "No, no. It''s ok. No one has touched any of those books in a long time. Take any you''d like."

    Noah picks up arge map that sat at his desk and also slips it into the duffel bag. We both take our breakfast to go and head out.

    The walk is once again quiet. I''m not sure I understand why Lucas and Eli, even Noah, have changed their demeanor. At least Noah and Lucas seemed a lot more rxed in the Pack House, now they''re just so serious. About two hours into our journey, I feel the air tense and I stop.

    Noah notices and stops too, eyeing me with a frown.

    "Something... something''s wrong." I tell him, wide eyed.

    A chill runs down my spine and my hand goes to the spear on my back.

    Before I can process what is happening, Lucas, Eli, and Noah have surrounded me, their backs to me. Theirrge bodies cover my line of vision as I hear a voice,

    "Well, well, well, if it isn''t the band of deserters," the voice gets closer and dramatically sniffs the air, "and what''s this? You brought us a souvenir? How kind of you!"

    The other lycans apanying the voice burst out inughter, mocking me.

    Noah immediately shifts, ripping up his clothes, andunches himself at the voice. I react on instinct, trying to reach out to him but Eli puts his hand on my arm, stopping me. "Settle down, doc. Noah will take care of this."

    Eli lets me go and I can see what he means. All the other lycans, some in lycan form and others in human form, have surrounded Noah and this other lycan. They''re about to fight.

    The other lycan attacks first, Noah easily dodges him and ces a right kick to his torso. It doesn''t keep him down for long as heunches himself at Noah once again, this time with his fangs bared. Noah is again quick to dodge, but this time, instead of kicking him, his massive lycan fangs go right for his neck.

    After about one second of struggling, Noah''s enormous jaw crunches down on the other lycans throat; I can hear the sound of bones breaking and blood gurgling in his throat as the lycan fights Noah for his life. But there is nothing he can do, he goes limp before he can get Noah off of him.

    All the lycans surrounding them go quiet. Clearly, that was their leader.

    Noah switches back to human form, b**t naked, and eyes them all threateningly. Then he speaks. loud enough for all of them to hear,

    "If any of youe to my mate with intentions of harming her, you will meet the same fate as Randall. Is that understood?"

    The small crowd begins to dissipate, moving away from Noah warily. The lycans that were in human form had even shifted out of instinct. Lucas goes to Noah, getting him another pair of clothes.

    I''m not even looking at Noah, I''m looking at the dead lycan on the floor.

    Noah just killed a lycan, a man... his brother... for me?

    My heart is beating fast and loudly, I feel like I''m about to faint.

    What kind of world am I willingly walking into?

###Chapter30

    -Noah-

    I didn''t have any intentions of having Vera see this first hand, but I did tell her that most lycans I knew were pieces of shit, none so more than Randall. When I saw him approaching and his eyes shifted. I knew exactly where this was going, and I knew exactly how it had to end.

    After leaving and going into wolf territory, we knew that when we came back, we would get a lot of shit from everyone. Lycans are very opportunistic and they would being for us just to prove a point. And now with Vera here, as my mate, they would target me

    even more.

    Killing Randall in front of all his friends was a clear message to every lycan here; mess with my mate, and I''ll have your head. No doubt the message was understood.Material ? N?velDrama.Org.

    When I was done getting dressed, I looked over to Randall, dead on the ground, and scoffed. Quite frankly, killing him didn''t even faze me.

    I walked over to where Vera was still looking at Randall and put my hand on her cheek, focusing her attention on me.

    "I''m sorry you had to see that, but there was no other way. We are being used of being deserters. Lycans are opportunistic and they will try to earn some credit by making examples of us..." I pause because I don''t know how Vera will take this, "that also includes you."

    "I understand," she says tly, smiling softly at me, a smile that doesn''t reach her eyes.

    We resume walking. Vera lost in thought. I wish I could know what she was thinking about. Is she thinking maybe this is a mistake? Coming with me? When we were at the pack house, I thought about staying there with her several times. We never got to talk about it, but she simply agreed toe with me. I was too happy to question her as to why.

    In reality, had we stayed at the Pack House, there was no guarantee that whatever force created the chimera, wouldn''te back for me eventually. I would never be able to ce her pack under such risk again. Too many had already died because of Eli, Lucas and myself.

    We continued walking, Lucas first, Vera second, and Eli and I hanging back several steps.

    "You worry too much about her." Eli interrupts my sulking.

    "Can you me me? I''m bringing her to live into a den of snakes."

    Eli, better than anyone, knows how cut throat our home is.

    "She''s proven to be very capable, son. If it came to it, I''m sure she would be able to defend herself against the very best of us. She''s a woman fit to be your mate."

    I grimace at this. That''s exactly why I worry. I''m one of the strongest, if not the strongest warrior here. That puts a target on her back, if only to weaken me.

    "I''m thinking of taking her to the country side once all this desertion business is taken care of, I don''t want her here, Eli."

    "I think you underestimate your role here, Noah. the King and the Council would rather see you dead than let you go. Think about your decisions carefully, now they won''t only affect you."

    Eli steps ahead of me, leaving me alone to think. He''s right. The King will never let me go. Sometimes I feel like that jackass has it against me, but I cannot disobey the King''s orders.

    After a few more hours of walking like this, we reach the castle. It''s early in the afternoon and there is still plenty of light to see people''s faces as they smell Vera. It makes my blood boil.

    She''s keeping her head up. We had already talked about how her arrival here might be perceived. What I didn''t tell her is that it was so because she wasn''t marked by me yet.

    It was clear to me that something was holding her back. I''m not one to judge or question her choices, she''ll be ready when she''s ready. It also crossed my mind that she was holding back because once we marked each other, she could no longer reject me.

    As it stands, since she doesn''t have my mark, she can still choose to reject me and go back home if everything here bes too overwhelming.    I couldn''t me her; she was looking out for herself and she was being smart about it. But I also couldn''t help but imagine myself going deep inside her and putting my mark on her neck. Just thinking about it made me horny at a time when I most definitely shouldn''t be. We were about to face trial for being deserters.

    I just hope that Eli''s n to prove our innocence works, otherwise I won''t get to show Vera exactly what she''s missing.

###Chapter31

    -Noah-

    When we reach the front doors to the castle, I''m right next to Vera, my hand to her waist. Since she doesn''t have my mark, this possessive gesture should do to show everyone here who she belongs to. The wide, ancient wooden doors open and one of the Council members is waiting for us on the other side. He beckons us forward and we obey.

    "Noah, Eli, Lucas, wee back." He''s greeting us kindly, but we know the Council has no love for anyone but their own. "And who is this? Is she the mate the King told us about?"

    He approaches Vera and extends his hand. Vera''s expression remains neutral but my hand at her waist tenses. We don''t actually know what we are walking into.

    Vera extends her hands graciously.

    "I''m Vera, it''s very nice to meet you." It''s the first time I''ve heard her voice in a few hours, she sounds rxed.

    "The pleasure is all mine Vera, I''m Council Member William."

    They shake hands briefly and then the moment is over.

    "Gentlemen, Vera, please follow me."

    "I was hoping to get Vera to my room to rest before heading for the trial." I interject.

    "Nonsense, she is also being requested by the Council and the King. We were all dying to see who this mysterious mate to the fabled warrior Noah might be. Come, quickly."

    I tense up even further, but Vera seems perfectly calm. I look at her, hoping to get an indication of what she''s thinking. She just looks up at me and smiles again, and I get no read on her thoughts.

    Once we arrive at the door where the trial will be held, we are stopped by guards that search us and take Vera''s spear away. They hand it to Council Member William and he unsheathes it. He gasps when he sees it, realizing how intricate and old it is; he lightly touches the blue stone that hangs from the shaft.

    "They''re clear." One of the guards deres and the doors open for us.

    Inside, there is a grand, rectangr table that sits at least five feet high. The Council members require stairs in order to get to their ces. Sitting even higher than the Council table is the King''s Podium, where he is regarding us impassively.

    We are ushered inside, standing in front of the council members as Council Member William takes his seat.

    Eli, Lucas and I kneel before The King, as is customary. Vera moves to do the same but one of the council members speaks,

    "The mate of the warrior Noah appears to be unmarked, Your Highness, she shall not kneel since she is not yet a member of this Society; bowing to our King is a privilege."

    All council members make a noise, signaling their approval, so Vera remains standing. I suppress the urge to growl at them. Under this context, even a growl could mean our deaths.

    "Warrior Eli, Warrior Lucas, Warrior Noah, stand." Another council member orders us.

    We do as we are told, standing with our hands behind our backs, and await their questioning.

    "From what the King told us, you three deserted your posts, provoking yourrades'' deaths. Is this true?"

    "No, your Highness," Eli responds.

    "And how would you exin your absence from your posts?"

    "There were reports of strange noises the night before. I, along with Eli and Lucas went to scout the area." I replied.Material ? N?velDrama.Org.

    "And how exactly did that lead to the deaths of everyone at the camp?" Another council member asks.

    "It didn''t. A creature attacked them while we were gone. We found all of their bodies, beaten and dismembered, when we returned the next day."

    "And then naturally, you burned all the evidence!" Another council member uses us.

    I pay no attention to who is talking anymore. All of the council members'' voices sound nasally and whiny to me.

    "We burned our warriors, as we should, to give them a proper send off to the afterlife." Eli says through his teeth. I''m sure he''s finding this line of questioning as insulting as I am.

    All this time, Vera has taken her time to study each of the council members. I can see her through the corner of my eye as she deliberately moves her head to study them.

    The council room has erupted into a shouting match due to a question I didn''t quite catch while I was discretely observing Vera.

    "Enough." Comes a voice from above us all. The King has spoken, but none of the council members stop their bickering.

    I smirk to myself. A real King wouldn''t need to demand respect from his people, but King Alistair can''t even keep control of his trial room.

    "I said, ENOUGH!" He yells and the entire room goes silent. "Warrior Noah", he continues, "In your opinion, what "did" cause the "mysterious* deaths of all those lycans?" He says *those* lycans as if they weren''t his very own people, savagely beaten and killed.

    But this is it. The moment of truth.

    If they believe us, we will live.

    If they don''t, we will die.

    "It was a Chimera, your Highness."

###Chapter32

    -Noah-

    The entire room has turned into a fit of mumbled whispers. I can swear I even heard a gasp. My statement hangs in the air, creating more and more doubt to our story.

    "And I assume you brought us some proof of such *fantastical* im, Warrior Noah?" The King says.

    The expression on his face confuses me; I saw emotions there, but not surprise. I narrow my eyes at this, could he have heard of it before?

    Eli reaches into his bag, retrieving a very long w. Sofia had given us pieces of the creature to present during our trial, even photos, all of which we present to the Council and the King.

    Each takes their time to examine the evidence. The photos, the pieces of hair, the ws and teeth. They pass around the evidence, some eyeing it with curiosity and others barely looking at them. It seems some of the people here had already made up their minds before we even showed up.

    "As interesting as all of these objects are," one of the council members speaks first, "I do not think it is evidence enough. This is a creature of folk tales only. All of this could''ve been fabricated for all we know."

    Chatter ensues. Council Member William speaks,

    "Council Member Micah, it is known that these creatures were used by powerful witches and warlocks during the Age of Witches. Do not be so quick to condemn our warriors who bravely brought us proof, because if what they tell us is true, we have far bigger problems on our hands."Material ? N?velDrama.Org.

    "Witches! Warlocks! Listen to yourself! You are so quick to forgive these deserters when they have brought us no real proof of a witch, or a warlock!"

    "Well, what else do you think a chimeraes from? Nature?!"

    The room once again bes riled up with council members fighting to speak over each other.

    I had be so invested in the Council Members that I hadn''t noticed Vera had moved. In fact, no one had noticed Vera had moved. I turn my head, looking for her, drawing the King''s attention.

    She had moved to where our bags and her spear were, temporarily out of the Council''s sight.

    When she returned, everyone was already aware of her movements.

    She came back holding something in her hand, I couldn''t tell what, and her spear. She returned to stand next to me, looking at Council Member William directly, "May I?"

    Council Member William merely nods, dumbfounded.

    I''m not going to lie; Vera could get us all killed right now.

    I start sweating.

    She calmly walks closer to the council members, some having to lean over their seats to see what she ces on the floor. It''s some form of crystal, but it''s slightly broken.

    "This is your proof," she says calmy, and she proceeds raise the spear and smash the crystal with great strength.

    I feel a wave of force crash into me, it''s unlike anything I have experienced before and it is apanied by a blinding light. Dust has been elevated by the force and is now hanging all

    over us.

    When I can open my eyes again, Vera is by my side, with the spear safely sheathed on her back.

    Once the dust settles the rest of the Council open their eyes, they stare at her, wide eyed, some with their jaws ajar. The crystal now haspletely shattered on the floor in front of the council members. "This... this still doe...doesn''t..."

    "Oh, Shut up!" Council Member William interrupts Council Member Micah. "We all felt that. didn''t we?! *This was the proof you requested, and you got it. This trial is over."

    The Council Members look up to the King, who is sitting passively and looking at Vera. He looks at her so long that I''m beginning to get ufortable. She''s doesn''t look at him, she looks straight ahead. "The trial is indeed over."

    King Alistair gets up from his seat and leaves the room, signaling that the trial is over. The council members slowly follow suit, some eyeing us with disgust, others with curiosity. Council Member William has a small smile on his face as he regards us. I am d we found ourselves an unlikely ally in this situation, otherwise, we wouldn''t have survived this trial.

    We would live to see another day.

    For now.

###Chapter33

    -Vera-

    I''m so exhausted after the trial. It really can''t be called a trial; it was more like an inquisition. Had Sofia not given me the stone, I''m sure we would have never made it out of that room. Although I brought it with me in order to study it, this was a better use for it in the end. Eli and Lucas have gone their separate ways; I''m sure they''re both tired and eager to get to their own rooms. Noah is leading me down several corridors, passing by several rooms, to what seems to be his. It was one of thest rooms in a long hallway. Noah opens the door, and I realize why he''d said it was the best room in the castle. Although it wasn''t the biggest, it had a stunning view of the southern end of the castle.

    I went to therge windows and gasped, there were mountains in the distance with huge, tall peaks, covered in snow. Below them, a forest very unlike the one Ie from.

    There was something eerie about the forest, and yet I couldn''t help but find it beautiful. I couldn''t wait to go down there and explore; perhaps I could also connect to this one.

    I hear Noah put down the duffel bag with arge thud, and then he throws himself on the bed. Honestly, that bed just got a whole lot more appealing. I smile at the sight, but return my attention to the window. I try to concentrate on the sight in front of me; for some reason this ce seems very familiar.

    After a few minutes of trying to gather my memories, I realize I''m too tired for this. I go over to the bed and lie next to Noah, both of us facing the ceiling.

    "How did you know to do that? The crystal thing?" He asks me, still looking at the ceiling.

    "Remember when I was on top of the chimera, and you and Eli came to help?"

    "Yeah, I really wasn''t sure what you were doing but it felt important."

    I smile to myself. Yes, yes it was.

    "That crystal was encrusted in the chimera''s skull. Sofia and the Elders came to the conclusion

    that it had to be the magical link between the chimera and its creator."

    "How did you know where it was?"

    "When you threw me at it, and *missed*, I saw it shinning there. For some reason I knew it had

    to be important and quite frankly, I was running out of ideas."

    He stays silent for a while.

    "So, what we felt at the trial, that was magic?"

    "I assume so, yes."

    "You assume?" He turns to look at me, I stay nonchntly staring at the ceiling.

    "Yes, I assume."

    "So, what you did, which could''ve gotten us all killed, was a hunch?"

    "I feel like you''re not gonna like the answer to that."

    He''s staring at me in disbelief, it''s honestlyical. I start giggling at his expression because I swear, I feel like I haven''tughed in days.

    "It''s good to hear yourugh again." Noah whispers to me as he takes and kisses the back of my hand.

    That innocent kiss alone causes an electric current to form in my belly. Sofia wasn''t kidding when she said that the mate bond is like a drug.

    It causes me to act on instinct.

    Ie up over him, straddling him, and I crash my lips to his. His hands immediately go to my hair and thigh, holding me in ce as he deepens the kiss, his tongue leisurely ying with mine. The gentle but firm pull of my hair by his hand is causing me to imagine so many scenarios of where this could go.

    I can feel myself getting more and more aroused; I''m sure he can smell it too because I can feel his erection through his jeans, brushing up against me. If I start grinding, it will be the end of us, and the end of my n.

    There''s a faint knock on the door and I pause, but he doesn''t seem to mind as he continues kissing my face and neck.

    "The King wishes to see you." I hear on the other side of the door, but Noah doesn''t seem to

    care.

    I stop him.

    "Noah." I whisper, "the King wants to see you."

    His eyes had zed over, almost as if his lycan was ready to make an appearance. Quickly he regains hisposure, and he realizes what I just said.

    "I''m gonna kill him." He grunts.

    As much as this disappoints me too, I wee the divine intervention that stopped us. I was about to do something I might regret.

    He turns us over so that I am beneath him, my legs still around his hips. He kisses my forehead.Contentt bel0ngs to N0ve/lDra/ma.O(r)g!

    "I have to go, but this might take a while. I''ll make sure Lucas or Elie get you for dinner."

    With that, heposes himself, adjusting his pants, and leaves.

    Iy there looking at the ceiling, breathless. Not only was that the best kiss of my life, but I''m sure what would''ve followed was going to be the greatest s*x of my life.

    I''m somewhat disappointed that I have to wait a bit longer before I can give myself to Noahpletely, but I have to know more before I do, and before his life is intertwined with mine forever.

###Chapter34

    -Vera-

    A shy knock on the door wakes me; I didn''t even realize I had drifted off to sleep.

    "Vera?"Contentt bel0ngs to N0ve/lDra/ma.O(r)g!

    I recognize Lucas''s voice.

    I get up and go to the door.

    "Hi. Noah said you might need an escort to the dining hall. Most of the lycans have already had supper and have retired to their chamber, in case you''re hungry."

    Just in cue, my stomach growls. We bothugh; I''m actually famished.

    "Come, I''ll show you around."

    Lucas leads me down a set of twin, master stairs that lead to a main foyer. We take a right and through massive doors, we enter the dining hall.

    My mouth hangs open just looking at the sheer size of it. It looks like a banquet hall,plete with the enormous wooden tables and massive chandeliers hanging from the ceiling.   At the end of the hall is the sameposition as in the trial, arge table a couple of feet higher; I assume for the Council.

    Oddly enough, there is no table above it for the King.

    We head into the kitchen where in fact, people have alreadye and gone.

    "Here," Lucas lifts some banquet dish covers and hands me a te, "help yourself."

    The food looks delicious; I''m not sure if it''s because I''m starving or because it actually is.

    There''s pasta, meats, fruits, cheese of all kinds, even some fish which surprises me.

    get myself some simple rice and meats, apanied with vegetables; I need to make up for the days of travel and poor diet.

    Lucas helps himself to everything, and I mean everything. He could''ve just taken the pots with him and eaten out of them as it is. We sit next to each other in one of therge tables and begin eating.

    We eat in silence; we are both enjoying the food too much to speak.

    When we are done, we sit there almost like in a fooda.

    "The food was delicious, thank you for bringing me."

    He turns to me with a smile.

    "Sure! Anything for my big sis."

    I look at him questioningly.

    "Well, Noah is like a big brother to me, now that makes you like my big sister."

    I smile at this. I did notice how close Lucas was to Noah, and more importantly how much he admires Noah.

    "Well, I am ttered, but don''t think I go easy on little siblings." I flick his arm with my fingers to make a point. We both smile.

    "I don''t have training tomorrow, if you''d like, I can show you around. It seems Noah might be busy for the next few days." "Busy? Why do you say that?"

    "I hear the King has assigned him to patrol the southern border, he might be gone for a few days." He then whispers to me, "between you and I, the King has been pestering Noahtely, I think it''s because he''s testing him." "Testing him...?" What could the King possibly test him for?

    "It''s no secret that Noah is the strongest warrior here, and there is a Council chair that has been open for quite some time. My guess is they want a warrior in the Council."

    For some reason, this piece of information doesn''t sit right with me. Even if Noah is one of the strongest warriors here, it doesn''t change the fact that he was almost killed by the chimera, and whatever, whomever, created it is still out there. To send your top warrior into unknown danger seems a bit of a waste to me.

    I don''t share any of this with Lucas, he seems too blinded by Noah''s abilities to see this incongruency. And to invite him to be a Council member? From what I gathered yesterday, the Council members are not even remotely strong, why would they need a warrior now?

    It''s gettingte and Lucas escorts me to Noah''s room.

    "I''m down that hall if you need anything," he points and turns to leave,

    "Thank you, Lucas, really. I''m gonna take you up on that tour you offered tomorrow."

    He smiles at me,

    "Perfect. See you at eight then. Have a good night."

    "You too." I smile faintly at him.

    Quite frankly I have not been able to shake the bad feeling in my gut ever since I learned of Noah''s mission.

    Despite it being prettyte. I decide to stay up and wait for Noah, taking a moment to organize my clothes and shoes to settle in.

    Once I''m done putting all of my things away, I sit on the bed with the book I borrowed from the camp.

    I''ve been learning more about lycan history from this book alone than all my years back in the pack house. They have such intricate history of Kings, Councils, wars and economic turmoil. Apparently, the only ruler that had brough any kind of peace and prosperity in thest two centuries, was the previous king, King Alexander. He was also the son of the previous King before him, the one that made the peace treaty with werewolves and other species.

    I keep reading about lycan history. By this point I have changed into one of Noah''s t-shirts and I''m almost done with the book. I make a mental note to ask Lucas tomorrow where I can find more.

    The door opens, revealing a tired looking Noah on the other side. He''s practically dragging his feet as he walks in and closes the door behind him.

    "I cannot believe this asshole. Not twenty-four hours back, and he already wants to get rid of me. "He grunts as he lets himself fall to the bed beside me.

    I fetch the te of food I had prepared for him earlier, thinking he might be as hungry as I was. His nose res and his eyes shoot wide open when I remove the lid. "Thought you might be hungry."

    He takes the te from me and sits up on the bed. He starts eating, enjoying every bite.

    "hmpf-" he grunts, "you save my life once again."

    I roll my eyes at his dramatic take but it''s fine. I''ll just let him enjoy his meal without any sarcastic remark.

    "You know," he says between mouthfuls, "the Pack House meals were good, but this..." he takes a giant ribeye I had brought him, "I missed this."

    I smile, it makes me happy to see him happy. I just don''t know how long I can go without seeing him now, especially with this mission of his looming over our heads.

###Chapter35

    -Vera-

    The next morning, I wake up at the crack of dawn and Noah is already gone. There''s a note on my nightstand, *Vera*

    *What''s mine is yours, please feel free to anything you''d like. I''ll see youter.*

    I take my time to shower, letting the warm water ease my troubled mind. Despite how much I keep trying to make it make sense, the King''s actions still don''t sit right with me.

    I wash my hair, reveling on the scalp massage. The shampoo Noah has smells like peppermint, it helps me rx. I take my time in scrubbing my body too, washing away all the dirt from the past couple of days. Once I''m done, I towel myself dry. I look in the mirror and at least I look well rested now. The dark circles under my eyes have faded and my eyes are back to looking normal; light, light green. There''s a knock on the door, It''s Lucas.

    I open the door and he''s wearing a big smile.

    "Hi Vera, good morning."

    "Good morning, Lucas." I return his smile, it''s quite infectious.

    "Ok," he says as I close the door, "you already know your way to the kitchen, we''ll be making our way there for breakfast a littleter."

    "Why are we avoiding the other lycans?" I was wondering the same thingst night but I thought perhaps he was just being polite and letting me rest; today it''s a little more evident.

    He hesitates, his smile falling. I keep looking at him patiently. I don''t need things sugar coated for me.

    "Noah told me not to tell you anything, so don''t tell him I told you."

    He hesitates again.

    "You can trust me, Lucas. It''ll be our little secret." I wink at him.

    He eases up a bit, but his smile doesn''t return.

    "You''re an unmarked female, Vera. I don''t feelfortable taking you to where other male lycans are, they don''t respect me like they do Noah."

    "But I have a fated mate, isn''t that enough for them to stay away."

    "That only happens with wolves, from what I gathered. Unmated lycans don''t care if you have a fated mate or not. That''s why Noah has instructed us to escort you every time you want to go out of your room." We keep walking in silence, why wouldn''t Noah want me to know this? It seems like crucial information.

    We make it to themon area, filled with games, a giant T.V and several pool tables. It''s empty. As Lucas informs me, this area is usually used at night when they aren''t working or training.

    Next, he takes me to an outside patio. It has no trees, no flowers, no vegetation at all. It only has a big but dull fountain, and several concrete statues that give it a creepy feeling. It seems as cold as the rest of the castle.

    "I can take you to the gym and other training areaster on when it''s unupied, I know you like to run. Just remember to let us know when you want to use it."

    His words confirm what I have been feeling. I''m in a prison. I can''t move freely about, and I can''t move at all without a chaperone.

    "Thank you for showing me around Lucas. I really appreciate it but... is there like... a library here? Or a ce where lycans don''t usually go?"

    He stays silent for a while, thinking.

    "You know, I do think there is a library here. I''ve never been but I think that''s clear indication that nobody usually goes there. Come, I can show you after we eat something."

    We venture into the kitchen and dining hall; it is indeed empty except for a couple of females that eye us curiously when we sit. These are the first females I have seen since we got here.

    "I didn''t realize there were more females here."Contentt bel0ngs to N0ve/lDra/ma.O(r)g!

    "Oh yeah," he tells me as we start eating, "many lycans are mated. Some females are also lycan. others are humans. They usually keep to themselves. I''ll introduce you to a couple that are mated to our friends." "Friends? There are more other than you and Eli?"

    "Yes, of course."

    By this point we are done eating and I remind Lucas that he still has to show me the one and only ce in this entire castle that I care about, the library.

    We walk for about ten minutes, across many halls, many rooms, stair case after stair case, until we are on one of the top floors, with a clearer view of the snow-covered mountains outside.

    When we arrive to the doors leading to the library, I can tell this ce isn''t visited very often. There is a musty air to the air and thickyers of dust.

    When Lucas opens the door, my heart nearly stops.

    The two doors reveal inside a massive library, unlike anything I have ever seen. Impressive ceiling high book shelves, with thousands, no... millions of books... line the entire space. I step inside, reveling in the discovery of a ce where I wouldn''t feel like a prisoner, until from the corner of my eye I see a figure moving.

    "Who dares enter my sanctuary?"

    The figure is moving closer and closer to us, Lucas automaticallying in between it and myself to protect me.

    As it approaches and I can better appreciate it, I gasp.

    Is that a Council Member robe?

###Chapter36

    -Vera-

    I sidestep Lucas, putting myself in the middle of him and the figure. I don''t detect any hostility from it, so I take a couple of steps closer.

    "I''m sorry to interrupt, my name is Vera, this is Lucas. We''ll be leaving now, sorry for bothering you."

    I turn around to leave, but before I can take a step the figure speaks,

    "Ah," he sniffs the air, "a wolf?"

    That stops me in my tracks. Now that I''m looking at him from up closer, I can tell that he''s a man and, by the hue of his eyes, it is clear that he is blind.

    He extends a hand and I cautiously approach to take it. I can feel Lucas behind me, tensing at the contact.N?velDrama.Org ? content.

    When my hand is in his, he quickly uses his other hand to flip it, revealing my palm. With his free hand, he uses his index figure to roam around my palm. My breathe catches due to the surprise, and for some reason it''s hard to let it go. I''m a lot more anxious about this than I thought. We just got over the trial yesterday, I wouldn''t want to do anything to jeopardize Noah and the others.

    ...

    "And mated to a lycan," the old man says in surprise as he continues to scrutinize my palm, very interesting."

    He keeps looking at my palm though I''m certain he can''t actually see it.

    "Tell me, child, why have you not yet been marked by your mate?"

    I don''t answer him. I''m too stunned making sense of this old man to think of a reply. Lucas steps in and yanks my hand away from his,

    "Well, we better get going now, her *mate* is waiting for her."

    It''s a decent excuse, but the old man sees right through it.

    "Nonsense. This one came looking for answers, so I suggest you let her look for them. You are wee into this library any time you want, wolf."

    With that, the figure turns away, disappearing into a dark corner of the massive library.

    I turn to Lucas.

    "Thank you for the tour Lucas, I dide here looking to find... something... I don''t know what yet, but this feels like the ce to start."

    He hesitates, looking at the dark corner where the old man disappeared. He turns to whisper to me,

    "I have no idea who that was, but judging from the very old Council robe, I think that''s the council member that has been missing for all these years; Council Member Elden."

    He''s visibly shaken by the encounter.

    "Missing? But he''s clearly here, you saw him too, didn''t you?"

    "That''s exactly why I''m unsettled. V."

    I understand where he''sing from, but this library is the only ce in this entire castle where I can be alone without a chaperone.

    "Lucas, It''s fine, really. You think I can''t take him if it came down to it? Besides, Noah''s room isn''t that far away, and I don''t pass any areas where I''ll encounter other lycans. I''ll be fine, I promise."

    He doesn''t seem convince, but thankfully the reminder that I can in act take care of myself seems to ease him up a bit.

    "Ok. I''ll still be back for you in a couple of hours, or Noah will have my head. Scream if you need anything."

    "Noted." I smiled at his protectiveness. He really is treating me like a sister.

    Before turning towards the door, Lucas turns his face once again to the dark corner where Council Member Elden disappeared, visibly shivering.

    "Old guy gives me the creeps," he mumbles to himself, and finally leaves.

    After Lucas is gone, I take my time to walk through the rows and rows of books. Some of them are so far up that I can''t even make out their names. I''m going to have to get adder if I intend on reaching any of them.

    Some books here are merely track records of the territory''s finances, economic records, census, etc. Others are about lycan history, and many others are, unsurprisingly, about war tactics. So far, I have no found anything about wolves or magic, which is what I''m genuinely interested in.

    It was clear to me that the Pack House was very limited in this regard, except for Sofia''s family records which she is no doubt sifting through right now. I thought maybe, just maybe, I''d get lucky here.

    Hours pass and I have looked at all the books that I can reach, most of them boring me out of my mind. I already knew finding answers wasn''t going to be easy, but I never imagined it would be a dead-end right from the beginning.

    I close thest book I brought with me to one of the tables in the middle of the library, drawing a small cloud of dust from it, making me cough.

    I''m at my wits'' end.

    All of these books seem to only hold very outdated ounting or administrative archives. Why even keep ounting records from two centuries ago? I''m surprised most of these books haven''t sumbed to mold at this point with how neglected they have been. I let out a loud breathe, more like a sigh, when I hear someone behind me.

    My skin begins to crawl. I am not here alone.

###Chapter37

    -Vera-

    I nearly jump out of my seat when I hear the old man talk behind me. It''s Council Member Elden.

    "Thought you might like some tea."

    My heart is thumping very loudly in my chest and I try topose myself before answering. "Y-yes, please."

    He''s carrying a tray with a tea pot and two tea cups, setting it down in the middle of the table. He pours the tea perfectly, handing me one of the tea cups, really making me question whether he''s actually blind.

    The tea smells amazing, like fresh herbs and citrus.

    "No sugar unfortunately, it''s a luxury nowadays."

    The hint of sarcasm in his voice doesn''t go unnoticed. He''s sipping on his tea silently, prompting me to do the same. Although I am usuallyfortable with silence, in this case it is quite unnerving.

    I take the opportunity to study him, since he is staring at the table and not at me.

    He has long, straight white hair, reaching his middle back. His beard seems long but well managed. His eyes look zed over, as if he had cataracts but I know better; my experience tells me that huees from damage to his cornea, not cataracts. "Take a picture, it''llst longer," he says as he continues sipping his tea, his eyes still on the table.

    "I''m sorry, what?"

    "A picture, with those devises you people carry now a days."

    I''m well aware of what a picture is, and a camera, but how did he know I was staring at him.

    "I''m sorry, I was under the impression that you were blind."

    "I am."

    He''s still sipping his tea nonchntly, but then how in the world does he perceive so many things.

    "I can see better without my eyes, *witch.*"

    Ok, now I''m really surprised. What the hell did he just say?

    "You might have fooled everyone else around here, even tricking a lycan into thinking he''s your mate, but I can see right through you."

    Now he is looking at me directly in my eyes, as if he really can see right through me.

    "I don... I''m sorry I think there''s been a mistake. I''m a werewolf."

    "Well then, switch. Right here, right now. Don''t worry, I''m blind, I wouldn''t see anything you don''t want me to see." He narrows his gaze as if daring me to change, and the reality I have to share with him is even more embarrassing to admit to now. "I...I can''t..."

    "See? Witch."

    He stops throwing daggers my way and pours himself more tea. I''m halfway through mine, but I can''t possibly finish it now.

    "But you''re not a dark witch or else this tea would''ve killed you, so what *are* you doing here?"

    I stare at him in disbelief. He... he tried to poison me?!

    I''m too stunned to even react at this point. I just sit there gaping at the old man who''s drinking his second cup of poison* tea not looking the least bit concerned.    "Why do you think I''m a witch?"

    "Magic, I can smell it on you as much as I can smell wet dog, but the wet dog smell can be faked, not the magic."

    "Wet dog? You mean werewolf?"

    "Wet dog, werewolf, same thing."

    This old man really is something.

    "Aren''t you supposed to be *dead*?" I narrow my eyes at him. I know I should be polite, but now he made it personal.

    "Dead? Nonsense. Everyone just thinks I am because I gave up my position on the Council. The only fathomable reason why someone would do that is because they''re on their death bed. But as you can see, I''m alive and well."

    A pause follows. He finishes his tea and I do mine. It actually is really good, even if it was meant to kill me.

    After careful consideration, I decide to confide in him, at least enough to see if he can help me; he must know this library better than anyone.

    "I don''t know what I am. Up until a few days ago, I just considered myself an underachieving werewolf, since I can''t listen to my wolf or turn." "Did you like the tea?"

    "I did, thank you." I don''t know what this has to do with anything but I follow his lead.

    "Are your parents also underachieving werewolves?"

    "I never knew my parents."

    He stays silent for a moment.

    "I think I have something that can help you, but you have to keep it between us."

    He disappears into one of the many bookshelves and procures a book I hadn''t seen before. My suspicions were right, he knows this ce better than anyone.

    He puts the book in front of me, drawing a cloud of dust. It seems very old, and very seldomly used. I clean the leather cover with my hand, removing the thickyer of dust. The title reads,N?velDrama.Org owns ? this.

    **The Age of Witches.**

###Chapter38

    -Vera-

    I stare at the cover of the book, mesmerized by its detail. It is old and covered in dust, lookingckluster, but I know better; this is exactly what I was looking for.

    "Now, this book, or any for that matter, can''t leave this library but you cane any time."

    "Thank you." I tell him, absentmindedly.

    I don''t even notice when he gathers his tea set and leaves me be.

    The entire interaction with Council Member Elden has left me wondering what else he knows, and how I can ess said knowledge. I might have to be this old man''s friend if only to find out more about who, and what, I am.

    But it will have to wait until tomorrow as there is a knock on the door. I don''t even know why anyone would bother knocking, but it might be Lucas and he was very unnerved by the presence of Council Member Elden.

    I feel the doors open and immediately pick up that scent of home; it''s Noah.

    I ce the book on one of the closest shelves so I know where to find it tomorrow and make my way to the entrance.

    When I get there, Noah is in awe admiring all of the tall bookshelves.

    "I didn''t even know this ce was here," he muses over the rows and rows of books just as I had before.

    My heart warms at the sight, immediately causing me to smile. Going all day without seeing him was hard, and it was only going to get harder when he left for his mission.

    Ie up from behind him, startling him when I hug him from behind.N?velDrama.Org owns ? this.

    He hugs my arms affectionately, continuing to look over the impressive library.

    "I''ll have toe here more often from now on."

    He turns around to face me and takes my hands in his, "Are you done here? I have a surprise for you."

    "Yeah, we can go." I smile at him; I''m just so d to see him.

    With my hand in his, we make our way through the vast stone corridors of the castle, something I''m still getting used to. It is obvious to me that I would surely get lost if not apanied.

    As we pass themon areas, I realize it''s eventer than I had expected; there is nobody in sight, much to my relief.

    We walk even more, crossing the terrible, concrete courtyard Lucas had shown me earlier. Noah suddenly stops in front of two decrepit looking wooden doors.

    "Only a few people know this ce, so we''re letting you in on the secret."

    He opens the door, revealing a beautifully kept garden inside. It''s not as small as it appeared to be from the outside. There are hanging nts adorning the wooden perg that surrounds the entire space, along with colorful nters scattered on the floor. "Oh, my Goddess..." I''m breathless looking at the space. It''s a breath of fresh air and... life... in such a harsh and unforgiving ce that is the castle. I take my time to take it all in.

    "Noah, I... I love it."

    I turn to him and realize he had been looking at me the entire time I''ve been admiring the garden, causing me to blush.

    "I knew you''d like it," he smiles warmly at me, "but this isn''t the surprise. Come on."

    He extends his hand and I take it, moving towards the back of the garden. When we turn the corner, I am met with something very unexpected.

    Lycans.

    I recognize Lucas out of all the lot, the rest I have never seen before.

    "Vera, these are my friends, everyone, meet Vera."

    One by one, everyonees closer to me and introduces themselves. There are ten people here; most of them are lycans, and only one is human. In the middle of the courtyard there is arge rectangr pic table with food set up for us. Noah had nned this, a dinner for me to meet his friends. It makes me emotional; one of the things I miss the most about the Pack House is my friends, my family... genuine rtionships.

    We sit at the table and each grab a te of food, passing around the various dishes of meats, fish. fruits, sds and more importantly, wine.

    "Liam, Mason, Ethan and I went to school together, the females beside them are their mates, Harriet and Eva are lycan, Charlotte is human."

    "Are they fated mates?"

    "Uh, Harriet and Liam are. Mason and Eva grew up as best friends, eventually deciding they had feelings for each other, and I don''t know what that other jackass did to have Charlotte agree to marry him." "Isn''t it dangerous for a human in a castle full of lycans?"

    "It can be, but Charlotte is marked and Ethan is well respected here. She''s also the one that tends to this garden."

    I look over at Charlotte, amazed at the will of this woman to follow Ethan to such a dangerous ce. As a wolf, I know I''m not liked here, hell, by the looks of it, I''m hated here; but at least I could defend myself If I had to. A human doesn''t have that luxury. As I''m looking over at her, studying her, she meets my gaze and warmly smiles. She has big blue eyes and long, beautiful blonde hair. I can already tell we''re going to get along great. I return the smile as Noah keeps telling me about his friends. "Then, you have Levi, Gabriel, and Ezra. We met until I came to the castle but we became friends pretty fast."

    I smile at the group of people that isughing freely and cracking jokes at each other. At one point, even the girls are giving the guys shit for theirbat skills and such.

    I look at all of them and can''t help but feel a hint of sadness; all this is doing now is reminding me of my home.

###Chapter39

    -Vera-

    It''s very early the next morning. I''m awake before the sun is up and cocooned by Noah, who''s still very much asleep and passively breathing behind me. Hisrge arm surrounds me, cradling me to him. This has be our usual sleeping position since leaving the Pack House; not that I''mining.

    I got a chance to talk to all of Noah''s friendsst night. Most of them were curious to meet me as Lucas had already told to them everything that had gone down at the Pack House. Others were curious just to meet the fated mate of the great warrior that is Noah. I had underestimated the regard with which Noah is held here. Even in a casual setting like the dinner, all of the men, and even the women, in the group showed an evident level of respect. It made my heart swell with pride.

    The only one who wasn''t as weing was Harriet. I caught her giving me the stink eye a couple of times when I was talking to the group. I wasn''t surprised though; I can''t expect everyone to ept me. Still, I wonder what her deal is.

    I stay like this, contemting what my life has be, my back to Noah''s chest. Despite all the adversities, I have not once regretted my decision toe with him.

    I feel Noah shift behind me, a sign that he''s waking up. He tightens his hold on me as he stretches out his legs.

    "Hmmm...I have a headache." he says, grunting.

    I smile at this. For once, I feel some sense of normalcy. We had dinner with friendsst night and Noah is waking up hungover. However, I know this will be short lived. "When do you leave?" I ask, still without facing him.

    He stays silent for a moment.

    "I was nning on telling you about that today."

    "Don''t be mad, Lucas told me already."

    I turn to face him, with his arm still around me.

    "Why is King Alistair sending you out there, leaving the castle without it''s best warrior?"

    He again stays silent for a while. He''s regarding me with a very serious expression.Contentt bel0ngs to N0ve/lDra/ma.O(r)g!

    "Don''t sugar coat this, Noah." Everyone here has a bad habit of this.

    "I don''t know. But everyone else finds it odd too."

    I can''t help but think the King is trying to get rid of Noah, I just don''t understand why.

    "I think he wants to take you out, Noah. The way he looked at you at the trial, there was so much hatred so much... contempt. Did you guys ever have issues before?''

    "Never, I''ve only seen that man a few times in my life."

    We stay quiet. Both trying to decipher what his real intentions might be.

    "Vera, while I''m gone, you have to be careful. All of the guysst night promised to protect you and apany you wherever you want. I know this isn''t ideal, and it''s not fair to you, but if he''s after me, he will also be after you."

    I silently nod, but my head is somewhere else. Something here doesn''t add up, and I''m determined to find out what it is. I can''t shake this feeling that Noah is in great danger and the sooner I find out what is really going on, the better. Noah kisses my forehead and draws me out of my trance.

    "I have to get ready; I need to meet with the rest of the scouting party."

    "Can Ie with you?"

    My question takes him by surprise, but his face softens.

    "Of course you can."

    He kisses my forehead again and we begin getting ready.

    We enter the training grounds of the castle, a ce I hadn''t been to before. It''s an open courtyard with all kinds of training cycles, weapons, obstacle courses, and fighting matts; it even has a boxing ring in the middle of it.

    As we make our way to the scouting party, I''m surprised to find that none of the lycans turn to look at me, as they have before. Maybe it''s because I''m with Noah and no one wants their asses handed to them today.

    We reach the table where the scouting party waits for Noah; it isn''t made up of lycans I recognize, meaning it''s none of Noah''s friends. In fact, they don''t even acknowledge me. It''s better this way; as they try to ignore me, I can take my time to scrutinize each and every one of them.

    The one thing that strikes me first, is that they don''t regard Noah with the same level of respect that I have seen from the others. In fact, they look at him almost defiantly, though their words are nothing if not formal.

    As Noah begins exining their route on a map, the five lycans seem almost dismissive; something that I''m sure doesn''t go unnoticed by Noah.

    "We will meet in two hours to depart. Make the necessary preparations. You are all dismissed."

    He turns to me, noticing the look of worry on my face.

    "Come, let''s get something to eat before I head out."

    "How long will you be gone for?"

    "Honestly? It''s quite a bit ofnd we have to scout, I expect it will take us about a week or two."

    "Noah, I have a bad feeling about this... I don''t know if you''ve... picked up... on how my intuition works but..."

    "You worry too much," he smiles gently at me, "I''ve known and trained with these guys for years, they''re excellent fighters, if we encounter any trouble, we''ll be able to take care of it. Come.

    He takes my hand and we make our way to the banquet hall. I barely have a stomach for food, and I have a feeling this willst until Noah ises home safely.

    I ponder on this the entire time we are eating. He also seems to be lost in his thoughts.

    Then, the timees for the scouting party to depart.

    I''m at the castle''s main gates, saying goodbye to Noah. He kisses me lightly on the lips, before once again reassuring me that everything will be ok. I half smile at him.

    He jogs over to where the scouting party is waiting for him and turns to me onest time, smiling my way.

    What he fails to notice however, is that one of the lycans apanying him also turned to look at me onest time, a nasty smirk on his face.

###Chapter40

    -Vera-

    I stay at the castle''s entrance until I can no longer see Noah, and even then, I''m hesitant to move. The feeling in my stomach intensifies, almost making me nauseous.

    I decide to give myself purpose while Noah is gone, so I n on making myself useful and digging up everything I can on King Alistair at the library, along with my research on witches. When I turn around, I find one of Noah''s friends, Ezra, waiting for me.

    "Hi, Vera." Ezra seems like a genuinely nice guy, with thick curls, olive skin and very kind brown eyes. "Lucas told me Noah was leaving, thought you might wantpany."

    It''s a polite way of saying ''babysitter'' but I''ll take it.

    "Hi, Ezra, and yes, thank you, but I was actually wondering if you knew where Eli was?"

    "Hmm... that old man... he must be at the gym''s office. Come, I''ll show you."

    We walk in silence, Ezra walks about two steps in front of me, hisrge body strategically shielding me from the other lycans.

    I''m very grateful Noah''s friends were willing to chaperone me while he''s away; I''m certain they have other more useful things to do.

    We walk into the gym, it is usually filled with people but for now, it seems like training is over and lycans are at work.

    "Here."

    Ezra opens a door leading to a small office with two desks. One of the desks is empty, the other has Eli sitting at it, regarding us... regarding me... with an annoyed look. In truth, I''m beginning to think that that''s just his natural, resting face. "Thank you. Ezra. Would you mind leaving us? I''ll be safe with Eli."

    Ezra takes a look at Eli, gauging his reaction. Eli simply nods once, and Ezra is off.

    "Please,e find any of us if you need anything." He tells me, genuinly meaning it.

    "Thank you, Ezra." I smile at him as he leaves, closing the door behind him.

    Ie closer to Eli, taking a seat in front of him. He was reading some files and taking down notes before I came in. I take a look around his office; it is as sober as the man himself. There are no pictures, no windows, not even motivational posters hanging up. It is so unlike what I''m used to. Every part of the Pack House was weing, even the training areas. Everything in this ce is rather purposed to make people feel ufortable.

    "I''m in charge of their training. I have to make progress reports," he exins, gesturing towards the reports.

    It makes sense that being an older lycan he isn''t in active duty but rather training new recruits.

    "Why does the King want Noah dead?"

    Eli''s eyes go wide and he immediately gets up, peaking through the windows to make sure we''re alone.

    When he sits back down, he definitely has an annoyed look.

    "You better watch your mouth around here doc, ament like that could get us killed!"

    "We''re alone, Eli. Why does he want Noah dead?"

    I have no patience for any of this. None for his grumpy ass, none for Noah being in danger, none for murder plots and none for a *King* that has such little regard for one of his best warriors. Eli hasn''t met this side of me yet, but I''m beginning to get very angry about this whole situation and how ridiculous it is.

    He stays silent for a long time, his eyes never leaving mine.

    "I don''t know. But I also don''t think you''re wrong."

    "Who are the guys that went with him in the scouting mission? And what the fuck are they scouting for anyway?"

    "Witches."

    He gives me a long look.

    "Witches." I repeat, in disbelief. "He sent a total of six lycans, to hunt for a witch."

    "It doesn''t make sense to me either, doc. But that''s what the King decided, we just follow orders.

    "Who are the lycans that went with him?"

    "They''re phenomenal fighters. I trained them myself, just as I trained Noah. They''ll be good backup if anything should happen."

    "But they''re not friends, hell I don''t even think they *like* Noah, so tell me, who *are* they, and why would the King pick them specifically to go with him?"

    Clearly, Eli doesn''t have an answer for this because he''s just staring at me, making my patience run even thinner.

    I get up suddenly, startling him out of his thoughts. I make my way to the door, it''s clear to me that this was a dead end.

    "Wait," hees after me, "not here, it isn''t safe."

    "I know a ce."

    I step out in front of him. Eli has dropped his annoyed look and is following closely behind. The few lycans we encounter lower their gaze as they see us pass, clearly out of respect for Eli.

    We make our way through many corridors, almost like a maze, but finally we reach my intended destination.

    I open therge doors leading to the library with one big push.

    Once we step inside, I take a seat at one of the furthest tables from the door.

    Eli takes a look around, even sniffing the air, making sure we''re really alone, before hees and joins me.

    In reality, we aren''t alone. Council Member Elden is probably somewhere around and is aware of our presence.Contentt bel0ngs to N0ve/lDra/ma.O(r)g!

    "I also think the King has it against Noah, I warned him about it a long time ago."

    "Ok, and what''s that about?"

    He hesitates, looking over his shoulder as if someone were spying on us.

    "What I''m about to tell you does not leave this room. Understand?"

    I simply nod.

    "It has to do with Noah''s father."

###Chapter41

    -Vera-

    Noah''s father? From what I had understood, Noah is an orphan, just like me. Why would any of this have to do with his father? "Ok, this is where you exin further, Eli."

    He''s still looking over his and my shoulders just to make sure someone isn''t lurking in the shadows. If only he knew there''s a council member probably creeping on us from some dusty

    corner.

    "Noah''s father wasn''t a nobody, Doc. His name was Cain Hunter one of the most powerful warriors I, or anyone, had seen. He was killed during the rebellion of King Alistair, where King Alexander was killed." There''s a long pause, as if this is supposed to suddenly make it all make sense. I raise an eyebrow,

    "And?"

    "Don''t you see? King Alistair is not the rightful King, but because King Alexander never had any children, there is no legitimate heir to the throne. Meaning it is up for grabs. Noah is well liked and respected here, and if he wanted to, I''m sure he could take on King Alistair."

    Realization dawns on me. If Eli is right, King Alistair may be trying to get rid of his potentialpetition.

    "What happens when King Alistair dies?"

    Eli''s eyes go wide.

    "I mean of old age, of course," I rify, rolling my eyes, "who takes over the throne? Or will there be a power vacuum?"

    "It is said he is looking for a mate, one worthy of creating a new dynasty with. But he needs to hurry, he ain''t getting any younger."

    We stay silent, dread pooling in my stomach.

    "Will Noah be safe, Eli? In this mission?"

    He looks at me and c***s an eyebrow, like the question itself is stupid.

    "Of course he will, I trained all of those guys myself, they are lycans of integrity."

    His words do little to reassure me. I know what I saw, I know the expressions on the faces of those men.

    If anything, the only thing giving mefort is knowing what a formidable enemy Noah would be, even if it''s four against one.

    I wish I could be there with him, at least someone would actually be watching his back. I wish we would have never left the pack house. It is so clear to me now that lycan ''society'' is nothing more than a den of vipers.

    Eli gets up.

    "I have work to do. Vera, don''t think too much about this, and don''t do anything stupid. There are many lycans here who would have Noah''s back if it came to it, I''ve made sure of it." His tone is definitive and I question inwardly what he could possibly mean by that, but decide not to push further.

    He ces his hand on my shoulder and lightly squeezes it as he leaves.

    I''m left alone with my thoughts, in the faint light of the library. The enormous window in front of me does a poor job at letting light in.

    I don''t know how much time passes, but I feel like dwelling on the knot in my stomach is doing very little to ease my nerves, or to help the situation.

    I get up, searching for the book Council Member Elden had given me. It will at least distract me from something I have no power over.

    Opening the book, I settle down in the table and turn the deskmp on.

    *The Age Of Witches*

    *Before there was a man, before there was a woman. Before there was a werewolf, before there was a lycan, there was a Witch.*

    I dig into the lore, invested in the parts that seem too fantastical to believe. Witches of good, witches of evil. Warlocks lusting for power and warlocks dedicating their life to nature. From what I gather, witches and warlocks formed the first societies when even werewolves still existed only in their beast form; before our moon mother granted us human form.

    Then, they turned ruthless, greedy, and power thirsty; toppling council after council, leader after leader, destabilizing the society to the point where it was everyone agaisnt everyone all the time; a species cannot survive this type of turmoil, no matter how strong they are.

    It is also interesting that most of the leaders were women, called Witch Mothers. Apparently, witches were normally more powerful than warlocks, with a few exceptions.

    I think back on my vision at Jade Waterfall and the warlock, Victor ckwood. He seemed powerful enough to cast out a spell that survives to this day. Why would he do that? Why would he help the werewolves if this book is telling me they only sought out others to conquer. murder, or use for spells and incantations?

    I continue to delve into the book, looking for one specific entity. A Spirit Wolf.

    One of the main reasons why I agreed toe here was to look for clues about what a Spirit Wolf is. Sofia is certain that I am one, but she found very little reference to such a creature in her family''s archives.

    If the Allen family doesn''t have a clear reference to a Spirit Wolf, my next obvious step was toe to a ce that already existed during the Age of Witches, Lycan Castle.

    From what Sofia told me, a Spirit Wolf is a being that shouldn''t exist, the son or daughter of a witch or warlock, and a werewolf. Two different species, mating together and producing offspring shouldn''t be possible, which is why I find her theory highly unlikely; though it would exin many things about me.

    I continue to search, eventually ending the book and all it had to teach me. There is no sign of a Spirit Wolf anywhere in witch lore.

    I close the book and sigh; my head has begun to hurt from reading in such poor lighting all day.Contentt bel0ngs to N0ve/lDra/ma.O(r)g!

    I close my eyes and put my forehead on my hands, when I smell a sweet, lemony fragranceing my way.

###Chapter42

    -Vera-

    Council Member Elden makes his way to me, taking his ustomed seat in front of me. He ces the

    I down on the table and proceeds to pour two tea cups. He hands me mine and I smile gratefully at the gesture.

    We begin drinking our tea quietly. This time, it doesn''t have hints of citrus likest time, but it does have honey. It''s delicious. "So, if the other tea was meant to kill me, what is this one for?" I ask, much to his amusement.

    He chuckles lightly and there''s a glimmer of glee in his eyes.

    "Stress. Especially when one''s lover is sent to his death."

    I gulp. The dread that had been sitting at the pit of my stomaching back uninvited. I had tried ver "Don''t worry, I''m sure those baboons won''t be able to take him down. Even I have heard of your mate I sit in silence, weighing how much I can share with this man; evidently, he was eaves dropping on Eli "Noah has never defied the King, nor does he have intentions of doing so, so why would he want him "King Alistair is a known coward, even when he was a little boy. It was a running joke with us the adult Him speaking his mind so openly, and so against King Alistair, emboldens me to do the same. "Who was his dad?"

    "The former Beta of this castle, Beta Caleb. A very intelligent and honorable man. He stood by his Alph Wait... what?

    "So, King Alistair, the son of the former Beta, killed the Alpha and took over the throne? What happen **Killed* is a subjective word in this case. Those of us who knew King Alexander know he was too stro coward."

    The disgust in his tone is evident. Still, I continue pressing for more answers. "What happened to Beta Caleb?"

    to get rid of that sensation.

    5. That''s why the King won''t try killing him himself."

    But as a former council member, he might have some insight into what the King is thinking, more so than Eli.

    d tease his dad that there was no way that was his son," he sips his tea.

    King, even when it was his own son who nned the coup."

    Beta Caleb?"

    be taken down just by Alistair. I suspect there was foul y, which is also why he hasn''t been epted as the Alpha of this castle. He is and will always be a

    "It is suspected that his own son killed him. That''s only believable because he loved his son very muc, he would never be able to harm him, even at the expense of his own life." He stays quiet for a while and then continues, "In truth, we never saw his body or any type of remains. It is my hope that he managed to get away from this madness, albeit with a broken heart."

    I sip my tea quietly for the next minutes, digesting everything he just told me. So, King Alistair isn''t liked or respected in this castle. It makes sense that he would feel threatened by Noah, someone who is strong and respected by his fellow warriors.

    Still, Noah has no intentions of fighting him for the throne. It would be smarter if he won Noah''s loyalty; rather have him as a powerful ally than a formidable enemy.

    "Is this why you chose to leave the council?" I ask him, but he ignores my question.

    "What are you really looking for, Vera?" He eyes the book he had given me, closed and tossed to a side of the table.

    I decide to trust him.

    "This stays between us, Council Member Elden..."

    "Just Elden. Spill it."

    "My Alpha back home is an Allen, one of the oldest werewolf families to ever live. They have kept records for centuries, even dating to the Age of Witches, but no real answer as to ... what IN?velDrama.Org ? content.

    am... I was hoping thating here would give me answers."

    "And you didn''t find what you were looking for in that book?"

    "I didn''t."

    "What are you looking for, specifically?"

    "Spirit wolves."

    His expression remains neutral for the most part, but I''m sure I saw a hint of something, surprise maybe, cross hisplexion.

    "Spirit wolves," he repeats as he muses over his thoughts, "I haven''t heard that term in decades."

    "So, you''ve heard of it?!" I lean forward towards him, expectant. This is the first real clue I may have as to what I am.

    "Yes, many many decades ago. A Spirit Wolf is supposed to be the child of a Witch and a Wolf. Of course, there was never any recorded birth of such a thing; it would be difficult to hide as it was meant to be a creature of immense power. Witches and Warlocks alike would''ve been incessantly chasing after such a being."

    "What were the characteristics? How would someone know they are a Spirit Wolf?"

    He touches his beard lightly, thinking over what to say.

    "That''s all I know, to be honest with you. I am a schr first and foremost, but I never came across much information about such a creature. I always believed such a being was pure conjecture rather than an actual beast."

    My hope detes again and I put my head on the table. The temporary rush of possibly getting answers had made me forget about the massive headache I had, but now it is back and making its presence known.

    I groan out loud. I need to get out of here. The stuffiness of the library and the heaviness of the situation is getting to me; I need fresh air.

    I get up, drawing Elden''s attention.

    "Thank you. Elden. For everything. If you can think of anything else, please let me know."

    I leave, practically dragging my feet to the only ce I know can ease my mind.

###Chapter43

    -Vera-

    Before making my way to Charlotte''s garden, I go by Lucas''s room, looking for a babysitter.

    I knock on the door, hopefully he''s already off duty.

    I hear some rumbling inside the room and a shirtless Lucas opens the door, his hair disheveled. "Oh, Vera, hi," he says. It seems I have taken him by surprise.

    I smile at him.

    "Hi Lucas, I hope I''m not interrupting."

    "No, not at all. Did something happen?" He suddenly steps out of the room, scanning my surrounding He really is overprotective.

    "No," I''m a little perplexed by his actions, "I was hoping you could apany me to Charlotte''s garde Truthfully, the entire castle felt stuffy without Noah here.

    "Oh! Right, sure! Give me a minute to get dressed."

    He shuts the door in my face. I mean I get it, it''d look terrible if I, an unmated female, entered his room A minuteter he''s out, this time fully dressed.

    We make our way to the garden in silence. Once again, it''s alreadyte and most of themon areas are When we enter the garden. I''m surprised to see Charlotte tending to some nts. She''s the only one han "Lucas! Vera! Hi!"

    "Charlotte? Why are you here sote?" Lucas is the first to ask her and approach her, though I''m also "Oh, I thought I''d get some work done while Ethan finishes his shift. He''s meeting me here once he''s

    I smile at this. During the dinner it was quite evident the connection they both had.

    Lucas besides me yawns, quickly covering his mouth and trying to hide it.

    ed a little...fresh...air."

    still.

    deserted.

    er head perks up when she notices us.

    ring the same thing.

    "Lucas, Ethan and I can walk Vera back to her and Noah''s room once hees here, if it''s alright with you," Charlotte speaks in her soft voice.

    Lucas turns to me, his eyes red and tired.

    "It''s alright, Lucas. Go get some sleep, I''m sorry for waking you."

    "No, no, it''s ok, any time. Charlotte are you sure?"

    "Of course," she smiles gently at him and I pat his back.

    "Your babysitting duties are officially over, thank you."

    He turns around as he yawns again, practically dragging his feet as he exits the garden. He closes the door before he leaves, leaving Charlotte and I alone. "I''m sorry to impose, Charlotte, I just needed..."

    "Fresh air?" She smiles at me. I notice she does that a lot.

    "Yes." I smile back at her and take a seat next to where she had been working.

    They are a few nts I don''t recognize. They''re quite beautiful, quite green and their still unopened flower pods already smell so fragrant.

    "These are Moon Peonies, they''re very rare around here. Ethan got them for me for our first anniversary. It takes them five years to bloom." "That''s amazing, they smell good already."

    "Smell?" She looks at me a bit bewildered, sniffing the flower pods from up close. "I don''t smell anything, must be your werewolf nose."

    I frown. The smell is quite intense, I would think even a human nose would pick it up.

    "Anyway," she continues to tend to her flowers, "tell me, when does Noahe back? Ethan told me he''d be gone for a couple of weeks. You''re wee here any time, I know that castle can be a little stuffy."She crinkles her nose at this. I know exactly what she means.

    "Thank you," I smile at her and continue, "I''m not sure, actually. He seemed sure he could be back sooner but, I don''t know, really."N?velDrama.Org ? content.

    "I''m sorry, you must miss him a lot. Ethan and I aren''t fated mates and I still miss him terribly when he''s gone. I can''t imagine what it''s like for you."

    I look at the mark at the base of her neck. Since they aren''t fated mates, their connection muste directly from the marking.

    "Charlotte, can I ask you a... personal question?"

    "Sure!"

    "What made you decide toe here with Ethan? It seems like such a dangerous ce for a human."

    "Well, same thing as you I suppose... Love."

    She keeps tending to her flowers so she can''t notice my expression; If only she knew that''s not entirely why I came here.

    "The mark, it must''ve hurt a lot if you heal like a human." I continue, diverting my train of thought.

    Her hand goes to her mark and she caresses it with her fingers, smiling at the memory of it.

    "I''m not gonna lie, it is the worse pain I have ever experience, but when a lycan marks a human, part of their abilities are shared with their mate. In my case, I was fully healed the next day."

    She sees the confusion in my face,

    "Is that not the same with werewolves?"

    "To be honest with you, I only ever met werewolf mates, I wouldn''t know if our abilities are passed to human mates."

    "Really? I thought having human mates is rather normal, like with lycans. You see, there aren''t many female lycans born, most of the time male lycans have to find human females, and that rarely produces Lycan children."

    I''m shocked at this revtion; Charlotte is basically telling me the overall lycan poption is going down. I make a mental note to explore this topic further with Eli or Elden.

    Charlotte and I keep making small talk. I was right the first time we met; I knew we would be quick friends. She''s the nicest person I have encountered here other than Lucas.

    She tells me about her childhood, how her parents nearly passed out when she told them she was marrying a lycan. How she knew that having children with him was a long shot but that she was willing to take a chance, and how Ethan was in fact the sweetest person she had ever met, despite what his friends might think of him.

    Once Ethan arrives after his shift, both Charlotte and he take me back to my room, to Noah''s room. I thank them and close the door as they turn to leave, hand in hand..

    I turn around and face the room. This is the first night I''ll be sleeping without Noah here.

    I change my clothes and put on one of his shirts; one that still smells like him, and crawl into bed.

    For absolutely no reason, I begin crying into the pillow, the emptiness I feel consuming me, until sleep finally ims me.

###Chapter44

    Vera-

    Five whole days have passed since Noah left, and I have barely left our room. I have been lying in bed most of the time, feeling sorry about myself and absolutely miserable. I''m starting to consider I''m actually depressed.

    Moving away from my home, not having anymunication with my friends and family because we obviously don''t have stupid cel service here. I can''t even send Sofia a letter because I''m not *mated* yet so I''m basically nothing without Noah''s status. I used to have a life, a purpose, a career I had worked extremely hard for... I used to have a family.N?velDrama.Org owns ? this.

    I''m lying on my back, absentmindedly staring at the ceiling when there''s a loud knock on the door. When I go to open it, it''s Eli. He crinkles his nose when he sees me.

    "Ok, first, go shower, you stink, second, get dressed and meet me at the gym."

    He turns to leave but before he takes a step, he looks at me over his shoulder,

    "If you''re not there in twenty minutes, I''ming in here and dragging you out myself."

    He leaves and I can feel my eyebrows furrowing considering the possibility of Eli literally dragging me to the gym. It''s such an unpleasant thought that Iply despite my mood. I get in the shower and get dressed in a pair of leggings, sports bra, and t-shirt. When I arrive to the gym, Eli is up in a fighting mat addressing his new recruits. Some of them look as young as ten years of age.

    "Ah, our guest of honor," he says, all of the kids'' attention turning to me, "everyone, this is Vera. "He motions for me to join him in the fighting mat.

    "Vera will be your scapegoat today, if anyone can force her to submit, she will take over your chores for the week."

    What?! I gape at him.

    All of the kids have perked up; apparently the idea of not having to do these awful chores is

    very appealing to them. One of them raises their hand,

    "But... but she''s Noah''s mate, he''ll have our asses for touching her!"

    "Bold of you to assume you *can*, boy. Don''t worry about Noah, I''ll take care of him if ites down to it," Eli deres.

    He steps away from the mat as I eye him in disbelief.

    "Alright, if you don''t mind, *mydy*"

    The little shit that intends to go first even curtseys when he steps into the mat.

    I take off my shoes, my nose ring. We''ll see who the dy* is once I''m done with you.

    He makes the first move too quickly; big mistake.

    He ducks, going for my legs, thinking he can tumble me to the floor. But I''m too fast for him, catching his every move. I lift off of the mat, causing him to miss me, andnd my feet on his back. This causes him to lose his bnce and drop to the floor, his face down on the mat. I quickly wrap my legs around his arms, immobilizing them and making it painful for him to move at all. I ce my hand on his neck, signaling a bite.

    In wolf training, this would be the end of the exercise but from what I have seen, lycans are more brutal than that. The opponent has to either be physically incapable of continuing or in enough pain to verbally submit.

    I keep my hand on his neck, but he won''t submit. He''s thrashing around trying to escape my hold so I tighten my legs around his arms, drawing them painfully closer.

    He grunts, powerless. I know there is no way he''s getting off my grip so I stretch his arms further back while simultaneously stretching his neck. This move is extremely painful as it causes terrible muscle spasms. "Ok! Ok! I submit! Get off of me!"

    I let go and he''s quick to get on his feet. There is utter silence from his friends as they all stare at me and then back at him. After a few seconds, two of them actually begin mocking him for losing to *a girl*. I can tell these three are the oldest of the bunch, maybe sixteen or seventeen years old.

    "Mica, you''re next," Eli says.

    Mica, who was just now mocking his friend, steps on the mat with a grin on his face. Clearly, this one also underestimates my ability and more importantly, my *mood*.

    He positions himself defensively, obviously preparing for an attack. Good boy, at least he learned from his friend. I run towards him directly and he takes out an arm to try and punch me, but he mistook my intentions.

    I grab the arm with both hands and rather use it as leverage to wrap my legs around his neck, gyrate with force, and tumble him to the ground. He makes a choking noise as he falls to the ground and I tighten my hold on his neck with my thighs. As he''s choking and turning blue, he pats my thigh with his arm and I let go, him crawling away and gasping for air.

    Again, there is silence in the room. This time, not even his friends will make a joke, they''re all staring at me looking horrified.

    I grin at this and turn to Eli, "Who''s next?"

    For the rest of the morning. I kept beating up every recruit Eli had to offer. They were at the beginning of their training which is why they had only learned to rely on their brute force; which of course, I used to my advantage. They were easy targets, but still entertaining.

    After we were done, Eli and I headed to the dining hall for some lunch and encountered some of Noah''s friends; Liam, Mason, and Eva. We sat together and had some lunch, despite the odd looks some other lycans were throwing my way.

    I hadn''t realized how hungry I was until I first tasted the food; it tasted amazing. But then again, I had essentially been starving myself these past few days.

    Once we were done, we all headed to Charlotte''s garden. Apparently, the Moon Peonies are going to bloom any moment now and it only happens for a few hours. Charlotte has been going on about these flowers for so long that now everybody was anxiously waiting for them to bloom.

    When we near the garden doors, something is wrong; they are wide open and Charlotte is sitting at the entrance, tears streaking her face. Eva makes her way quickly to her, while the rest of us go inside to see what''s wrong.

    It is all destroyed. Everything.

    The perg with the beautiful hanging flowers is on the ground; all of the colorful flowers smashed on the floor. The nters have been destroyed along with the flowers inside, including Charlotte''s Moon Peonies.

    I hear voicesing from the back of the garden, making their way to us. It''s three lycan females I don''t know, and Harriet,ughing their way through the garden. They''re carrying metal poles; it is clear they are the ones behind all of the destruction.

    Before I can begin to rationalize why Harriet would do this; I react on impulse before anyone else does, a small growl escapes my lips. I feel my eyes dte, focusing on the group of women.

    Thest thing I hear is Eli shouting my name behind me as Iunch towards my target.

    Harriet''s throat.

###Chapter45

    -Vera-

    Iunch myself at Harriet, my eyes in tunnel vision straight to her throat. I had never felt such rage, such anger, at someone in my entire life. Charlotte is supposed to be her friend, hell, even their husbands are supposed to be best friends. Suddenly, I feel something, or someone, grab me by the torso midair, stopping me. It''s Eli. "Doc, you better calm down before you cause a scene."

    Me?! I''m the one who will cause a scene, when they have destroyed Charlotte''s garden?!

    I wiggle myself out of his grasp easily, sprinting towards the group of women, faster than their eyes can follow. They have stoppedughing, and two of them are looking rather pale.

    Good.Content ? provided by N?velDrama.Org.

    To my surprise, just as I extend my arms towards them, inches from reaching them, Eva and Mason grab me by my arms and Eli quicklyes and grabs me by my legs lifting me off the ground, leaving mepletely immobile.

    They carry me like this, like a freaking *toddler* out of the garden and sit me next to Charlotte. I feel like a child who''s just thrown a tantrum; only my intentions were rather dark. I cross my arms and start throwing daggers at them with my eyes. "You better stay here, doc." Eli is stern and giving me the stink eye, but it also makes me realize how rash I had been.

    What would''ve actually happened if I got my hands on those women? On Harriet? I''m sure it would''ve been a blood bath. I can take any of them any day. But then what?

    Charlotte breaks me out of my train of thought by hugging me,

    "Oh, Vera. Are you ok?! Did they hurt you?!"

    My heart warms at her words. In the middle of all of this, she''s thinking about other people''s well-being. I hug her back and whisper,

    "I''m so sorry Charlotte, I don''t know why they would do this."

    She begins crying again, this time on my shoulder, and I let her, hugging her tightly.

    After a couple of minutes offorting her, I hear yelling inside the garden. Liam is giving Harriet an earful; I can hear the disappointment in his voice. They walk out, Harriet stomping away and Liam following closely behind, clearly not done yelling. The other three women hurry behind Harriet, throwing nervous nces at me. I narrow my eyes at them and lightly growl. They quicken their pace behind Harriet and soon they''re out of sight.

    A few more minutester, Ethanes running through the courtyard that leads to the entrance to the garden, kneeling and taking Charlotte from me as he picks her up in his arms. She buries her face in his neck, sniffling. "What happened?"

    He turns to look at me and I nod towards the garden as I get up from the ground. He takes a few steps with Charlotte still in his arms and takes a peek inside. He doesn''t need to see much to realize what has happened. "Who?" He asks lowly through gritted teeth.

    Eli, Mason and Eva havee out of the garden with a few flowers they managed to salvage from the wreckage; still no one answers Ethan and he''s getting impatient.

    "Who?!" His lycan eyes begin to swirl in his pupils.

    "You better ask Harriet," I tell him, not understanding why anyone would cover for her sorry ass.

    He looks at me, his lycan eyes fully showing now, and turns on his heels, taking Charlotte in his arms into the castle.

    Mason and Eva look at me, something different in the way they regard me.

    "We, uh...have to go on patrol in a few minutes, we have to.... get ready... we''ll see you guys around." Mason says, excusing Eva and himself from the situation. They leave rather quickly. also throwing nervous nces my way. "What was that about?" I ask Eli, nodding in the direction Mason and Eva took.

    "Don''t worry about it. They just didn''t believe Lucas when he told them about you." Eli chuckles, "well, they believe him now."

    I enter the garden again, Eli behind me, taking a long look at the destruction. They really didn''t leave a single nter, a single base or flower untouched. What would possess someone to do this? Let alone a ''friend''? Harriet didn''t rub me the right way anyway but this is too much.

    "Come on, I''ll take you back to your room. Or if you want, you can keep beating my recruits'' asses so that I don''t have to."

    "I didn''t get to thank you for that earlier, Eli, but thank you. I really needed it."

    "Any time. Noah and the rest may not realize it, doc, but you''re a fighter, and fighters need to fight."

    I smile at this. He''s right, I enjoy it a lot.

    "I''m actually going to stay and clean up; I don''t have the heart to have Charlotte return to this," I tell him, eyeing the mess.

    "Suit yourself, you can find your way back."

    And with that, Eli is gone. It feels nice to be trusted with my own security, for once.

    I make my way to the small shed to the side of the garden where I saw Charlotte safeguard her toolsst time.

    Inside, I find everything I''ll need. Large stic bags, a broom and a dustpan. I begin sweeping all of the soil into the dustpan and cing it in the bags, evaluating whether I should discard it

    or not.

    Once I''m done with the general clean up and the rubble has been put aside, I can really see what is left of Charlotte''s garden, which isn''t much.

    I sigh. It makes me so sad to see this, Charlotte worked so hard to make a small piece of this ce her home and someone justes in and destroys it.

    As I''m flipping the remaining nters over to see what else can be salvaged, Ie across her Moon Peonies; one of the buds that was just about to bloom, sadly stomped on the ground.

    I pick up the broken nter where the Moon Peonies had sat and when I touch the root, some type of current runs through my fingers.

    What the...?

    Instinctively, I let go of the nt and it falls to the ground. I examine my fingertips closely; I had never felt anything like this before. Am I imagining things? It almost felt like when I touch Noah, but not quite. I try once again to touch the root, picking it up from the floor. As I do, the flower pod that was about to bloom when the nter got destroyed blooms in all of its greatness.

    It is the most beautiful flower I have ever seen; it has blue petals with a white, faded interior which almost seems to be shimmering with glittery light.

    There is no mistaking this sensation; it feels like I have an electric current shotting up my hand when I touch these flowers; this emboldens me to try something else.

    I close my eyes and concentrate on the electricity at my fingertips, as it expands up my arm and into my chest. I control my breathing through the intense experience. When I open my eyes, I gasp, too stunned to let go of the flower.

    How...?

###Chapter46

    -Noah-

    As we make our way through one of the thickest parts of the woods, I think back on my conversation with Vera and how worried she was about my safety in this mission. Back in the pack house, I noticed how much Sofia, her Alpha, relied on Vera''s intuition. It''s kept me wondering if there is something to her worry.

    I have trained with this group of guys since I first got into warrior training. They are all formidable fighters; intelligent, fast, and strong. But it is true that we aren''t exactly friends.

    I have heard of a time when lycans were not as cut throat and back stabbing as they are now. A time where you could really call everyone in the castle your brother and sister, and treat each other as such.

    Now, the example set by King Alistair is that everyone is out to get each other. That''s what happens when you have a weak, undeserving King in the throne; everyone takes their cues from

    the top.

    To be honest, I have felt uneasy since leaving Vera. I know she will be fine, all the guys, even Eli, promised me they would look out for her, but she was so on edge that I can''t take her voice,ced with worry, out of my head. ''Noah, I have a bad feeling about this,'' is what she had told me. It had nted doubt in my mind; what if she was right?

    These past few days on this mission I have been extra vignt for any sign of a beast like the chimera we encountered before, or a witch for that matter. But everything seems to be in perfect order.

    The guys and I have had half a mind to go back to the castle and report that everything is fine, but we know that if we don''t do this job thoroughly, that King of ours will have our heads.

    "Oi, Noah," one of the guys calls out, "take a look at this."

    I walk towards where they have all stopped, surrounding something. I take a look down and dread seeps into my soul. It is arge paw imprint on the soil, and it is rather fresh. It looks exactly like the chimera beast we encountered back in the border.

    I clear my throat before addressing them, "This looks exactly like the beast Eli, Lucas and I encountered before. Stay alert, that thing was invisible back then and there is a chance it would be invisible this time around too."

    I begin walking in the direction that the paw imprint appears to be going, but turn around to give them onest piece of advice,

    "If you just as much as perceive the creature, I suggest you run. There are no possibilities of us making it out alive if we fight it, the best we can expect is that at least one of us makes it out to warn the King and everyone else." They all nod, but there was something in their expressions, almost... boredom? Do they still not believe me?

    As we make our way deeper into the woods, the hairs on my neck stand even further as Vera''s voice once again resonates in my head. Every one of my senses is on high alert, making my lycan also be on high alert.

    Strangely enough, my lycan has also been agitated since beginning this mission, I don''t know if it''s because he''s away from his mate or because he is sharing in her feeling of worry. In either case it''s interesting because Vera and I aren''t exactly connected yet, not until we have marked each other.

    After hours and hours of walking and following what appears to be a trail of something big making its way through the woods, I suddenly feel the guys behind me shift into their lycan form. Have they sensed something?!

    I look around searching for any indication that the beast is near, but before I can make sense of their shifting, two of them attack me in their lycan form. What the fuck?!

    I quickly dodge them, allowing my lycan to surface. I don''t understand what is happening, but I don''t have time to rationalize this; I allow him to guide us through his instinct.

    "You dumb piece of shit, you really should''ve listened to that wolf whore of yours," one of them says before shifting to his beast form.

    I growl at him for the remark about Vera, anger seeping through my veins. My canines are bare and the hairs on my nape are standing. Thest time this happened, thest time I was this angry, I lost control of my lycan. Soon, I am surrounded by the five of them, in their lycan form.

    Vera was right, after all, I had simply misinterpreted the source of her worry.

    One of them attacks me first, taking advantage of the fact that I am surrounded and have nowhere to run. However, my intention has never been to run.

    As heunches himself to me, I kick him with my hind leg, tumbling him to the ground, but I can''t finish him off, as another one of them ising at me from the right. I dodge him too, managing to burry my ws into his rib cage area.

    Another onees for me from behind, attempting to bite my neck; I crouch down, standing up just as he''s above me, and crunch down on his torso, causing arge, gaping wound.

    At least I have taken one of them down, leaving four to take care of.Content ? provided by N?velDrama.Org.

    I don''t notice when one of the lycans disappears behind me and grabs my arm, painfully biting my shoulder. I hiss, reaching over my shoulder and burying my ws on his neck, drawing a whimper from him. I know I wounded him severely, but he has also done a number on my shoulder; I can no longer move my left arm.

    Another one takes the opportunity to wound me further, burying his canines on my leg. I manage to get him off, kicking him with my other leg, but my two wounds have left me vulnerable to more attacks, and they know it.

    As I look at the three remaining lycans, they are eyeing my wounds sadistically and licking their lips.

    I know that beating them now will be difficult, if not impossible. I''m breathing heavily and losing a lot of blood.

    The three of themunch themselves at me and I know there is only one thing left to do; something I thought I would never have to resort to.

    I let my lycan take overpletely, losing myself in the process.

    Thest thing I think about before everything goes ck, is Vera and her beautiful green eyes.

###Chapter47

    -Vera-

    Satisfied with my work on Charlotte''s garden, I make my way back to the entrance and close the door behind me as I leave. I''m all covered in dirt and I have a few cuts on my hands from the thorns, but I feel very content with what I have achieved. When I''m hallway through the courtyard, I encounter Gabriel and Ezra, making their way to the training grounds. They both greet me politely, taking in my appearance discreetly. I''m sure I even have dirt on my face.

    I greet them too,ughing at their expression of utter confusion.

    "I was working on Charlotte''s garden." I exin.

    Realization crossing both of their faces

    "Oh, yeah. Eva told us about what had happened. I still don''t understand what could possess Harriet to do such a thing, Charlotte has been nothing but sweet to all of us," Ezra says.

    "I''m on my way to the rooms, do you need me to apany you to yours?" Gabriel volunteers.

    I do a once over on his outfit. He''s in training clothes, clearly not intending on going to the rooms any time soon.

    "No, no, I''ll be fine on my own. But tell Ethan to bring Charlotte to the garden when he''s done with patrol."

    They both give me a questioning look but before they can ask anything. I take off towards the room. I could really use a shower.

    After taking the time to wash off all of the dirt from my body and thoroughly wash my hair, I get dressed and head out, closing the door behind me.

    I pass by Lucas''s room and before I can knock on the door, he''s swinging the door open. I''m temporarily startled but he gives me his widest smile and steps out.

    "I was wondering when you were going to get hungry. Come on, I''ve been waiting for you."

    "Wait, you have?"

    He''s a very dedicated baby sitter.

    "Of course. Eli told me you stayed behind to clean up Charlotte''s garden. I would''ve helped but I was on duty."

    We begin walking towards the dining hall to get some dinner.

    "It''s ok. Honestly, I had to throw most of it away anyway. There wasn''t much left to save."

    He nods,

    "Eli also told me you almost kill Harriet and her posse," he''s grinning at me as he takes in my reaction.

    I roll my eyes and groan,

    "They had iting."

    He chuckles.

    "Well, I would suggest you stay away from them for a while. Rumor has it Harriet has be tight with the King."

    I stop mid step.

    "Wait, what? *The* King? King Alistair?"

    He turns his head upwards to look at me as he''s a few stairs down already, his expression serious.

    "Yes. So again, I suggest you stay away from her."

    He resumes walking but I''m still too stunned.

    "How...why? In what world does that make sense? She has a mate! How does Liam feel about this? The King isn''t mated!"

    Lucas climbs up a few stairs quickly, getting right on my face,

    "Vera, please. Let it go," he''s whispering very low, "these walls have eyes and ears. Just keep your head down, for all of our sakes."

    I look him straight in his eyes. There is nothing but concern in his expression. I simply nod in response.

    We continue walking, Lucas back to his big smile as he tells me that the new recruits are too embarrassed to admit that they lost to me, but also low key hoping Ie back so that they can practice more. I smile at this. They sure do need more training if they intend on taking me down.

    We enter the dining hall, finding a few familiar faces and sitting with them. Ezra and Gabriel nod my way, and I do the same.

    "Uh, we told Ethan what you told us earlier. He''s not sure if Charlotte will want to go but he''ll try," Ezra tells me.

    "I hope whatever you have nned helps brighten his mood. He was murderous during training today," Gabriel chimes in, massaging the back of his neck.

    I smile at them and say nothing, preferring to let them see for themselves when the timees.

    Eli, Levi, Mason and Eva have joined us and now the group is somewhatplete. Ethan will meet uster with Charlotte for the grand reveal; and then there''s Noah. His absence weighing heavily on my heart.

    After a few morements here and there, we are all done eating and head to the garden.

    It''s about ten o''clock and from that the guys told me Ethan was off patrol duty at nine. Hopefully he''s had enough time to convince Charlotte toe to the garden.

    When we arrive at the garden entrance, the doors are already open, making me quicken my step.

    I swear on the Moon Goddess if this is Harriet again I *will* kill her.

    To my surprise, standing in the center of the garden, right in front of the Moon Peonies is a teary Charlotte and a stunned Ethan.

    I hang back and watch everyone else go inside to look at what has Charlotte and Ethan speechless; I hear an audible gasp.

    When I touched the Moon Peonies earlier today, trying to figure out that weird electric thing in my fingers, I had concentrated... visualized them... in full bloom.When I opened my eyes, the flower buds that had been stomped had not only opened up, but they had also multiplied. Now, there was an entire bush of Moon Peonies in full bloom.

    I had also managed to steal arge concrete nter from courtyard to nt the flowers in. It''s not much, but all of the ceramic nters had been destroyed and I had no other choice.

    I step forward, joining the group in admiring the flowers.

    I had been mistaken too; I thought the flowers were all going to be that beautiful blue I saw at first, but as they progress in their maturing, they change hues. It really is a spectacle. "I... I..." Charlotte begins, but can''t quite finish.

    "We just came over to try and clean this before you guys came, but... how...?" Ethan''s eyesnd on me.

    I smile at him,

    "It''s nothing, don''t worry about it."

    I''m just happy there was a small victory at the end of today, for all of us. I needed this, I needed to feel like I was doing something meaningful; even if it was as simple as cleaning up a garden. "Vera! It''s not nothing!" Charlotte practically jumps at me, tears in her eyes as she hugs me.Material ? N?velDrama.Org.

    I hug her back, almost being able to feel her joy and relief.

    "Thank you, thank you, thank you!" She says.

    She lets go of me but keeps her arm on my shoulders, both of us admiring the flowers.

    "You were right, they do smell amazing." she whispers to me.

    There is something almost hypnotic about these flowers; none of us can take our eyes off of them.

    But then of course, nothing goodsts.

    Through the door we hear a disdainful scoff.

###Chapter48

    -Vera-

    Through the garden doorses in Harriet, swaying as she walks carelessly inside. She came in to examine her work, but this is probably not what she had expected. "Are you seriously crying again, Charlotte? Why are you such a big baby?" She says as she nears the group.

    To say her presence here is unweed is a huge understatement, but nobody moves a muscle to remove her. Then Lucas''s words cross my mind, *She has be close to the king* he''d said. That''s probably why nobody wants to mess with her. My fists clench discreetly, if only to keep myself from doing something stupid.

    Ethan hase closer to Charlotte and myself, shielding us both from Harriet.

    The entire group tenses further when Harriet approaches the flowers, momentary surprise crossing her face.

    "Hmm, I thought I had killed these too."

    She reaches her hand to one of the bloomed flowers but as soon as her fingertips touch the petals, the flower burns her, although it looks more like a chemical burn. She retracts her hand, nursing it to her chest. "Ouch! What the...?"Material ? N?velDrama.Org.

    Her pained expression is incredibly satisfactory and I smile.

    "I forgot to mention... they''re venomous."

    Charlotte says nonchntly, shrugging her shoulders.

    I stare at her, she hadn''t even told me they were poisonous, and I had touched them so freely earlier today! I wonder why they didn''t burn me, but burnt Harriet. They must have some bitch detector to know who to burn. "You fucking bitch, wait until I catch you alone..."

    Harriet begins her tirade but a sharp growl stops her.

    It''s Ethan.

    "If

    you catch her alone *what*, Harriet?"

    His lycan eyes have surfaced and nobody dares move to stop him; if he wants attack, nobody will step in to help Harriet.

    Pure disdain colors Harriet''s expression.

    "Settle down, boy. I just came to see the stupid flowers and to tell her* that the King wishes to see her."

    All eyes follow Harriet''s gaze.

    Surely she can''t... surely she can''t mean me?!

    Lucas''s eyes go wide, staring between Harriet and myself.

    "Why would the King wish to see her?" Ezra asks her.

    "It is best you don''t question his wishes. Tomorrow at 1800 hours, don''t bete."

    Harriet leaves, still nursing her hand, and leaves us speechless.

    "Why would... is this... normal?" I have trouble formting my thoughts, what if he found out I''ve been asking around for him?!

    I start to panic, this wouldn''t be good for Noah, who already doesn''t have the King''s favor, and it''s certainly not good for me. An unmarked female meeting with the King? Nobody else here was summoned; what could this possibly be about? Eva clears her throat, drawing our attention,

    "I suggest we take Vera to Eli''s office; he might know what''s going on."

    "I second that motion," Lucas says as hees to me, hurriedly taking me out of the garden.

    The group has separated as some of them are on the night patrol; only Ethan, Charlotte, and Lucas apany me to Eli''s office.

    As expected, the man is still sitting behind his desk when we show up.

    He turns away from his charts when he sees us at the door, motioning us toe in.

    Ethan shuts the door behind us and speaks first.

    "The King has asked to see Vera, we don''t know why, do you have any idea what''s going on?"

    Eli now gives us his full attention, his eyes darting to Lucas and Ethan first, and then to me. "Leave us."

    "But-" Charlotte begins, "We''re worried about her, she can''t..."

    Ethan stops her with a gentle touch to her arm,forting her. Hell, I''m the one who needsforting right now!

    "We''ll see you tomorrow, Vera. Don''t worry, it''s probably nothing." Ethan says as he practically drags a helpless Charlotte out the door, not before giving me a worried nce.

    I smile faintly at her, hopefully convincingly enough to reassure her that everything will be fine, even if I don''t believe it myself.

    "You too, Lucas. I need to speak with Vera privately."

    "Whatever you tell me, he can hear it too," I tell him, meaning it. Lucas would never betray us.

    "No, it''s ok, I''ll leave," he tells me, putting a reassuring hand on my shoulder.

    He turns on his heels and leaves.

    I really had underestimated how much Eli is respected here, I never thought they would leave without a single protest, but here I am, no doubt turning paler and paler by the minute.

    Eli gets up from his chair and heads to each and every window to close shut the blinds. He also double checks that there is no one at the gym and shuts to door, locking it. He motions for me to sit and hands me a water bottle.

    "Do you think he knows I''ve been asking around about him?" I whisper. Now I''m the one who''s paranoid. Lucas was probably right, these walls *do* have eyes and ears. "It''s possible." Eli''s is talking normally, not whispering.

    He stays silent a long while before continuing.

    "It''s possible but highly unlikely. If you were suspected of treason, they would call upon a trial, like when we first came back to the castle."

    He''s tapping his fingers on the wooden table, deep in thought.

    "Noah should be back by now," I say, "do you think something happened to them? Maybe he''s going to... give me some bad news."

    Just the idea of something happening to Noah makes me nauseous; I sip on the water Eli gave me if only to keep my dinner down.

    "No, that''s unlikely. I would have heard of that by now."

    He''s now rubbing his stubble with his hand. I''m thinking of all the possible scenarios bute up with nothing. I have only seen the man once in my life, and even then, not once spoke to him; there haven''t been any chances of offending of upsetting him so far. "Maybe it has to do with what happened in the garden?" I say, referring to the altercation with Harriet and her posse.

    "It''s likely he didn''t even hear about that," he seems amused, "Harriet is a proud lycan woman, who is also seeking favor with the King, it would deeply embarrass her to admit what happened... or almost happened anyway."

    His entire demeanor and tone turn serious all of a sudden,

    "Vera, I think the King wants you as his mate."

    "WHAT?!"

###Chapter49

    -Vera-

    My heart is pounding incredibly fast; did I hear him correctly?!

    "Mate... what do you mean mate? I already have a mate!"

    "Whom the King sent off in an incredibly difficult mission, perhaps thinking he wouldn''t make it back. A suicide mission."

    My hand goes to my forehead; I feel like I''m going to pass out.

    "You remember I told you the King was looking for a mate all this time, right? How he needed a strong female to create a new dynasty after King Alexander died?"

    "I remember but... but I''m a wolf! His people would never ept me, he... he can''t...!"

    "They don''t need to ept you; he just needs you to bear an heir."

    His words are crude, but true. In theory, as a King, he doesn''t need a Luna to rule, there are no benefits to Lunas in lycan society, like there are for wolves. After all, here the lineage isn''t given by the mother, it is given by the father. I''m stunned. Speechless.

    I''m looking at Eli helplessly, having half a mind to escape this hell hole and just leave Noah a message to find me back in the packhouse.

    "This is too much, Eli... I... I can''t... What do I do?"

    "Remember at the trial? You put on a show with the spear and the stone. We all felt it. Pure, unharnessed power."

    "Yes! But that was the stone, not me!"

    "It was you. You cannot destroy such a powerful object without having power yourself."

    "But the spear, you know the spear has powers!"

    He grunts, annoyed.

    "Vera, the spear is only a tool. You had the power to wield it *and* destroy a very powerful object. The Council and the King are old and wise, this didn''t go unnoticed."

    He pauses before continuing.

    "Now, I just thought it was because wolves are inherently more magical than lycans. But maybe there is something more to it."

    I gulp.

    That is one possibility I had not considered. Could he know about spirit wolves? Could he know that *I* am a spirit wolf?

    The scenarios ying out on my head only get grimmer and grimmer the more I think about them. If he does know about spirit wolves, he might at least suspect that I am one. And if this is the case, if he wants me as a mate, I might not even have a choice in the matter since Noah is away.

    Eli takes a look at his watch; I''m sure it''s quitete.

    "Let''s go, I''ll see you to your room."

    Without another word, he takes some documents in his hands and we head out.

    The walk to my room is silent, Eli walking in front of me.

    Not 5 minutester, I''m at my room''s door.

    "Don''t worry about it doc, all of this is spection. Try and get some rest."

    Eli tries to smile reassuringly, but clearly his face is not ustomed to the gesture and ites out extremely awkward.

    "Thanks," I whisper, my spiritpletely deted.

    "I''lle get you tomorrow, the recruits are eager to try some new moves on you and see if they can take you down."

    I smile bleakly at him and shut the door, turning on the lights to the emptiness of the room.

    Noah''s smell lingered at first, but now it''s almost gone.

    I take one of his shirts and head into the bathroom. I''m just going through the motions at this point; washing my face, washing my teeth, changing into the shirt.

    Everything feels pointless, even trying to get some rest; and yet, I turn off the lights and crawl into bed, on Noah''s side. I like to think this is a way in which I connect to him; before he left, this was the ce that held his smell best.

    I pull theforter over my head and do as Eli told me: try to get some rest. Although I realize early on, it probably won''t happen.

    When I finally drift off to some semnce of sleep, after tossing and turning for hours, I''m gued by dreams of the forest outside the window.

    Beneath the snowy peaked mountains, I see the forest as it was before. Luscious trees that extend endlessly into the sky, wild animals prancing around carelessly and unafraid. But then, I blink and everything is gone. The trees are no more; they have been burnt down. There are no animals here; this environment can no longer sustain them.

    Many more visions like these areing in rapidly, faster than I can register them. Again, it''s like I''m moving through time in the blink of an eye, but nothing makes sense. There is no apparent reason for this destruction or for my visions. Needless to say, saying it was a restless night is an understatement.

    Eli knocks on my door very early the next morning; I know this because I did not sleep one bitst night. In fact, when Eli is at my door, I''m already changed and ready to go.

    Training is the same as before. The kids step up one at a time onto the mat, thinking they can make me submit, only to realize they are a few years away from even getting close to that.

    I''m not enjoying the release of energy that training provides this time; I don''t have any energy to spare.

    After a while, I signal to Eli that I won''t continue so he pairs the boys up with their peers to practice.

    "You didn''t get enough sleepst night, I gather."

    "You gather correctly, old man."

    If myck of energy didn''t give me away, the bags under my bloodshot eyes surely would.

    "I asked around, and not even the Council Members understand what the King wants with you. They only advised I apany you, since you''re unmarked and all."

    This actually manages to reassure me some. Maybe all of these scenarios in my head are my mind ying tricks on me. Surely the King is a reasonable man; he can''t expect me to be his mate when I already *have* a mate, a very powerful one at that. Thinking of Noah further dampens my mood. We haven''t heard from him at all, or any of the scouting party for that matter. I used to think this was good, it meant that nothing had happened. But what if it meant theplete opposite? Still, as hard as it was, I needed to focus on the situation at hand.

    When practice is done, Eli and I head into the dining hall to get something to eat.

    The food looks and tastes unappetizing; the only reason why I''m eating is to get some energy to power through the rest of the day, and then my inevitable meeting with the king.

    When the timees, Eli apanies me to the King''s wing, dread settling in my stomach. Ethan and Charlotte are there to see me off and Charlotte hands me something discreetly in a napkin. I take it, and immediately know what it is; I smile at her as a thank you, her expression remaining concerned.

    "Remember, let me do the talking. I will be speaking for you as you are an unmarked female. Don''t make any eye contact with him, keep your head down."

    I nod, unable to utter a word. Staying quiet won''t be an issue.

    When we arrive at therge, wooden doors that lead to the King''s wing, two guards open up the doors to let us in, but stop Eli before he can step inside. "This is Noah''s mate, an unmarked female, she has to be apanied."

    "King''s orders, Eli. Shees in alone."Content ? provided by N?velDrama.Org.

    "Boy, step aside before I..."

    "Before you *what*?"

    The two guards have now ce themselves in front of Eli, one of them growling loudly.

    "King''s orders, old man. She meets him alone."

    Eli is ready to challenge them, but we both know that going against the King''s orders would be suicide. If not now, thenter at a trial, so I stop him. "Eli, it''s ok. It''ll be fine. I''lle find you when I''m done."

    He stares at me for a long time, before stepping outside the doors.

    The guards slowly close the doors on him, his fists clenched and his jaw tight.

    This is thest thing I see before the guards turn to me and escort me to see the King.

###Chapter50

    Vera-

    Both guards are enormous, even bigger than Noah. They are certainly intimidating but I know in a figh

    I''m taking in and memorizing all the halls, doors, entryways and exits in this wing; if Eli is right, I migh

    I''m on high alert, but I can''t let anyone, much less the King, believe I''m on edge.

    We reach what seems to be the middle of the wing; the guards stepping in to open those doors

    too.

    is not the most important factor.

    to make a run for it. Hell, I might even have to take down these two guards in order to escape.

    This seems to be a living area, but instead of it being weing, it looks dusty, decrepit, and incredibly uninviting. There''s arge table in the middle of it.

    The cement of therge dining table is very off putting. Surely, thisrge room wasn''t meant to be dining area. And yet, this is what it''s being used for. The entire wing is very odd, very tasteless. There is a firece off to one end of the room, and the King sits there looking at the fire sizzle.Contentt bel0ngs to N0ve/lDra/ma.O(r)g!

    "My King," one of the guards says, "Your *guest is here."

    I side eye him; the tone in which he said ''guest'' did not go unnoticed.

    The King slowly gets up from his chair. He''s wearing riding pants, riding boots, and a white shirt. Noth "Ah, Vera," he says and dramatically extends his arms.

    Nothing happens, and he stays like this, with his armsically extended.

    He clears his throat angrily, narrowing his eyes at the guards.

    They have an ''aha'' moment and hurriedly approach the King to remove the opulent robe from him an "Not there, you pair of "idiots, how many times have I told you how to properly store it?!"

    I raise my eyebrows without even realizing it; shocked and amused by the scene ying in front of me Now that I take a good look at the king, without his robe, he''s a small man, and I don''t mean his size. pretentious. conceited child.

    "Now leave, I have a guest to tend to."

    The guards head towards the door, leaving me alone with the King.

    rd about that. But he''s also wearing arge, red robe, with golden ents. It''s so tacky, I have to bite the inside of my cheek to keep formughing.

    it on one of the chairs.

    ''t apparent before because of the position we were in, him up high in his chair, but this man is miniscule in spirit and character. He rather reminds me of a

    From what I''ve seen, this man isn''t intimidating at all, but I have to keep in mind that he got to where he is for a reason, and no one has yet tried to take his position from him. He might be putting up an act for me to lower my guard. "Vera, please, take a seat."

    I still haven''t said a word to him as I make my way to where he gestured. It''s the chair right next to the head of the dining table, his seat.

    "So tell me, how have you liked being with us lycans so far?"

    As he starts to speak, huge doors behind me open and females start pouring in with food and what I suspect is wine. They neatly set the table without so much as looking at me. "It''s been great," I say, sarcastically of course, but I keep that tone to myself.

    "Please, dig in, this whole feast was prepared just for you."

    The quality of food being served here is indeed better than the one at the dining hall where everyone else eats; It indeed looksvish, and quite too much just for the two of us.

    We start eating without saying another word. To say this is awkward would be an understatement. My hesitation grows with every bite I take, and I haven''t even touched the wine; all of this could have poison for all I know.

    He tries to make small talk, asking about the Pack House and werewolves in general. I keep my answers emotionless and curt, I have no intentions of giving away too much.

    "You know, my dad used to take me to werewolf territory all the time when I was little. He always believed we could all just be merry friends and even do business together."

    He''s referring to the dad that he killed, allegedly.

    "Your father sounds like a wise man, King."

    He grimaces.

    "Yes, he used to think that about himself too. Didn''t serve him for much in the end."

    "In the end?"

    He makes a dismissive gesture with his hand,

    "That''s a story for another time. Now please, it''s getting quite cold and the firece is going to waste."

    At this point we are done eating; most of the food remains untouched. He gestures for me to follow him and sit on one of the chairs that faces the firece. Just like everything else in this horrible wing, the chairs are old and mistreated.

    I can''t help but feel he intended for this to be some sort of date? If he wanted something more casual, he surely would have invited at least a few Council Members, or he would have allowed Eli to apany me.

    "King, if I may. Why am I here?"

    I''m getting really tired of all this nonsense. It''s clear to me that he''s ying some form of character right now and I have no patience for this. If Eli is right, which I''m beginning to suspect he is, he can juste out and say it so I can reject him and eliminate any notion of me bing his mate. Even if Noah wasn''t in the picture, I would rather cut my left arm and leg than be mated to this pretend King.

    His face bes serious, his lips turning down in a displeased expression. Finally, his true colorse out and he drops the act. He is no longer smiling; he is no longer pretending to be amicable with me. It seems my blunt words have displeased him greatly; I can''t imagine this happens often.

    "Vera, we all saw what you did back in the trial, your power is greater than even you are aware of; which is why you''re perfect."

    "Perfect for...?"

    "Perfect to create the new lycan dysnasty with me, perfect to be my mate."

    "King Alistair, with all due respect, I have a mate."

    He turns to look at me, an evil grin on his lips which then turns into a sadistic, full teeth smile. He lets out augh.

    "Noah? You''re referring to Noah?! HA!" He says, making the hairs on my nape rise, "well, I suppose you wouldn''t know because that sorry excuse for a lycan never marked you, but Noah isn''ting back, Vera."

    "What... what are you talking about?!" I''m sitting on the edge of my seat, not because I want to be closer to him, but because my flight instinct has been activated.

    "I didn''t send him on a mission to find a chimera or that stupid witch, she isn''t even here! I sent him out there to be executed, my dear wolf."

    As he says this, the doors open to reveal the two monstruous guards from before, making their way to me.

###Chapter51

    -Vera-

    The King and I get up from our chairs at the same time, but before I can make a run for it, he grabs me painfully by my arm.

    *

    "Now, I was hoping that you would be smart about this, *wolf.* Without Noah, without your mate, you''re up for grabs. I thought you''d realize this and make this easy for both of us. But I guess I couldn''t expect as much from a "dog,"

    The guards are closing in on us but their pace is almost leisurely; they probably think I''m helpless because of the King''s hold on me.

    "Now, my n is simple. I mark you, you be my mate, and have my heirs. I don''t have much use for you afterwards, so maybe I''ll let you reunite with your *mate* then."

    He grins at me sadistically, making me even angrier.

    "Be your mate? Bare your children? Don''t you realize you''re a joke?!" I yell angrily at him, "you haven''t earned anything you have! Your people don''t respect you, much less like you! And now you have to *force* a female to even consider having your children? You. Are. Pathetic."

    He growls loudly at this; I managed to really anger him this time. He moves closer to me, raising his arm to strike me. I take the opportunity to dig into my pocket to what Charlotte had given me earlier, and shove it onto his face.

    The King screams in agony and falls to the floor, surrounded by the petals of the moon peonies; he uses his hand to cradle his now burnt face. I take several steps back as the guards, instead ofing to me, go to the King. "My King!" They both yell, as they kneel to the ground to help him get up.

    "You IDIOTS! GRAB HER!"

    This is my cue.

    I start running as fast as I can, before stupid one and stupid two realize how royally they have screwed up. I hear distant footsteps, running after me, but by now I have put enough distance between us.

    When I reach therge doors to the entrance of this wing, I start pulling on them but its futile; they''re too heavy for me to do this alone. I start looking everywhere, trying toe up with a different n. I hadn''t considered the sheer weight of these doors, and now they were the only thing keeping me from escaping.

    "Vera? Vera?! Is that you?!" I hear from the other side of the door.

    "Eli?! Eli it''s me! Help me with the doors!"

    I start pulling on the doors and hear a strained grunt on the other side as he''s pushing form the outside.

    After a couple of seconds, the doors start to move, enough for me to squeeze through it.

    Eli is on the other side, waiting for me, sweat dripping from his forehead.

    "What happened?!" He yells.

    "No time to exin! Let''s go!"

    He follows me out of the King''s wing, and into the corridors leading to Elden''s library.

    "Vera! Stop! Where do you think you''re going?! What happened?!" Eli grabs my arm, forcing me to turn to him.

    I have tears in my eyes.

    "Eli, he said he had Noah killed. It wasn''t a scouting mission; it was an execution."

    Eli lets go of my arm, realization crossing his face.

    "No... no it can''t be. I *trained* those lycans, they are men of honor and... and..." realization dawns on him and his expression falls, "he wasn''t hoping the witch would get them, their orders were always to kill Noah..." He stays inmobile for a minute, grabbing his forehead. He looks heartborken.

    "Eli," I draw his attention, unconcerned about the tears now rolling down my cheeks, "I have to get out of here. You were right, he wants me as his mate. I would rather die than bare his children."

    We hear themotion we had left behinding closer to us. It might take them a few minutes to find us in these corridors, but they certainly will. We have no time to waste.

    "Ok. Give me your sweatshirt."Contentt bel0ngs to N0ve/lDra/ma.O(r)g!

    I blink at him.

    "It has your scent, maybe I can throw them off your trail."

    I do as I''m told and without another word, he takes off running through a different hall, using my sweatshirt to mark the walls as he runs.

    I take off running towards the library. I hadn''t thought this part of the n through, but if someone could help me right now, it was Elden.

    I reach the entrance to library, get in, and quickly close the doors behind me.

    "Elden!" I yell for him, "Elden! Please tell me you''re here!"

    There is no answer and I start frantically looking for him, yelling at the same time.

    "Elden! Please! I need your help!"

    "What is all this fuss about?"

    Elden appears through one of his dark corners, rubbing his eyes as if he was just asleep.

    My heart is pounding fast inside my chest. How do I even begin to exin this to him? I have no time!

    "Elden, I need your help. I need to get out of here. The King... he killed Noah, Elden." I''m not sure if he can see my teary eyes or not, "I need to get out of here or else he''ll turn me into his baby making machine." Elden raises his eyebrows in surprise.

    "Never did I think he would be so bold," he says to himself, e,e quickly."

    I follow him into the corner he just appeared from. There''s arge painting of a woman I do not recognize. Her features are gentle; she has kind eyes.

    Elden pushes one side of the painting, and I hear a low ''click. The painting is actually a door.

    "Go! These corridors lead to the back of the castle. From there, you have to run deep into the forest, you are no longer safe here. There is an old cabin that was used when we still patrolled that border." "Elden, you have toe with me," I grab his arm gently, "please, they''ll have you killed for helping me."

    He puts his hand gently on mine,

    "Child, while I appreciate your concern, but I can take care of myself. Now go, they are getting close."

    Just as he says that, there is screeching outside the library where the guards are trying to get in, only now there are several of them.

    I rush to the open door as Elden hands me a shlight.

    "Be careful Vera, and remember, don''t stop until you reach that cabin."

    I thank him and watch him close the door behind me.

    Turning on the shlight, I gulp. The corridors seem endless and treacherous, but I have no time to think about the consequences of getting lost.

    I begin jogging aimlessly, hoping somehow, I''ll find my way out of this one.

###Chapter52

    -Vera-

    The corridors, or rather tunnels, that Elden sent me on are endless. I''m sure they cover the entirety of the castle, just like back at the Pack House. It''s unsurprising considering how many wars were fought, and lost, back in the age of witches. Tunnels like these were the difference between the life or death of an entire n.

    I think maybe 30 minutes have passed since I entered these tunnels and there is no sign of them ending. I''m beginning to think maybe Elden sent me through the wrong one, or purposefully deceived me.

    No...it can''t be. He showed as much disdain for King Alistair before, there is no reason for him to help him now.

    Unless, he''s using me as a bargaining chip to get something he wants, and right now he''s using this time to negotiate.

    I shake my head.

    It''s not normal for me to be paranoid, and right now all it''s doing is messing with my head.N?velDrama.Org owns ? this.

    After walking some more, I smell something. It''s the light scent of citrus that usually apanies Elden''s teas. I follow that scent, picking up my pace.

    Suddenly, I''m at a wider portion of the tunnels, the scent of lemon intensifying.

    I reach what appears to be a wall, keeping me from advancing further. I step closer, feeling the stone and realize it''s the same material that I entered through; it''s a fake wall.

    Carefully, I push and pull on it, mimicking the motion Elden had done earlier to open the painting that revealed the tunnels. After fumbling around a bit, I hear the ''click'' from before and carefully peek through; cold air hitting my face.

    There seems to be no one around and I venture outside, carefully closing the door behind me. In this case, the door isn''t a painting, but rather a portion of the castle''s wall of stone that appears to have been hollowed out to make way for the tunnels.

    The smell of lemon and other herbs hits me. I turn around to look at where that''sing from and realize it''s a small greenhouse. Upon further inspection, this is certainly the back end of the castle. I can see the huge stone walls behind me, and no clear entrance. I step closer to the greenhouse. It has been carefully tended to. There is everything from lemon grass, to rosemary, to lemon trees and even a bee hive. It''s a veryplete garden and I have no doubt this is Elden''s doing. This is where he gets everything he needs for his teas.

    I decide to make myself a small herbal emergency kit. It mighte in handy if I encounter any guards in the woods. If I get injured, I''ll have to rely solely on myself to heal, and I won''t have the benefits of modern medicine where I''m going.

    Once I have everything I need. I take onest look around to make sure I''m here alone. I''m so far away from the main areas of the castle that I can''t hear anything in the form ofmotion, or people for that matter. There is an eerie silence in this part of the castle. It''s almost as if no one is looking for me, but I know better.

    I take a quilt that I find on one of the ends of the greenhouse. The air is starting to get colder as nightfall approaches. The sun is barely providing any light at this point. I have to get going. Putting the quilt over my head to disguise myself, I venture towards the forest, reaching the edge in about 20 minutes.

    Up ahead, I can see the snow covered mountains looming in the horizon. I had already sensed that there was something off putting about this forest even from far way, but now that I am up close, the feeling is unmistakable. It''s almost as if by looking at it, someone or something is looking back at me.

    I turn back to look at the castle. There is indeed no one looking for me out here, for now. They have no reason to believe I have escaped; they''re probably looking for me within the castle walls. Judging by how enormous the castle is, it''ll take them all night to decipher that I''m not in it.

    Taking a step forward into the woods, I have a sudden vision. It stops me in my tracks, but I can''t make anything of it; they are all hazy, unfocused images. I take a few steps further in, my vision blurry due to the images in my head, but as I walk deeper into the forest, the vision gets clearer.

    It''s King Alistair and a woman in this exact forest. But something is different. King Alistair looks... younger? He even looks more muscr, much more like a warrior, than he does now.

    He had a long beard and deep ck hair, he''s smiling warmly at the woman.

    I walk even further into the forest, chasing the vision. I focus on what they''re saying, trying to read their lips, but it''s impossible.

    The woman is lean, with hair reaching all the way down her back. She has long, w like nails, and is bare feet. They''re talking very close to one another, almost as if I am witnessing something intimate between them. King Alistair puts a hand on her arm and gently kisses her forehead; then, the woman disappears within the woods and King Alistair makes his way back to the castle.

    Then, just as sudden, the vision is gone. My eyesight is back and I blink to adjust to theck of light. The sun has now fully set and there is a full moon up in the sky. Judging from the position of the moon, I would say a couple of hours passed between my entering the forest and now.

    I look around, thankfully the moon provides enough light for me to see clearly.

    I''m lost.

    I had kept walking through my vision, trying to get closer to the King and that woman, but all I managed to do is get lost. I have no notion of where I am, I don''t even know where I am rtive to the castle.

    I crouch down, I''m hesitant to connect to this forest given the awful feeling it gives me, but I really have no other option now that I''m lost.

    Without giving the unpleasant feeling much thought, I burry my hand deep into the soil. It feels rugged, dry, and unfertile. I concentrate on the trees, the wind, anything and everything I can gather. It takes me several minutes of this to finally get a sense of where I am; back home, the forest is so alive that it doesn''t take me long, but here, everything just seems dead.

    Finally, I envision the cabin and where I should go.

    I begin walking, wrapping the quilt tightly around me. I''m getting closer to the snowy mountains, and the air carries the eminent chill of the snow.

    It''s not worse than the chill I feel in my heart as my mind inevitably starts thinking of Noah

###Chapter53

    -Vera-

    I don''t know how long I walked until I reached the cabin, only it doesn''t look abandoned at all. It''s clearly been looked after these past several years. There''s been work done on the wood and stone.

    Before entering the cabin though. I have to make sure it''s not upied. I hide behind a tree. losing the quilt and feeling the chill on my skin. I shiver, inching closer to the cabin making sure I don''t make a sound. I peer through the windows; the inside looks as kept as the outside, I can even see some furniture.

    The cabin is quite small, enough to fit two people maybe. There are no rooms, it ispletely open inside and it has a second floor where I can see a single mattress. There is a firece in the farthest wall and a couch. That''s it. Maybe, just maybe, there''s a bathroom too.

    Once I''ve made sure I''m the only one here, I go back to the tree and gather my things, heading inside the cabin. The main door requires a little force to open, apparently some of the corners are frozen.

    The temperature inside is just as it is outside; I really have no other option than to light up the firece or I''ll get hypothermia before I can figure out how to get out of this mess. I light up the fire quickly, warming myself up; I can''t feel my hands or feet at this point. After a while besides the fire, I finally feel warm enough to think about my next moves. First, I have to survey my surroundings in case I have to make a quick exit. The cabin does indeed have a second floor that only holds a mattress, but directly above it, is an escape hatch that leads to the roof.

    Checking every cupboard, nook, and cranny in this tiny ce, Ie to the conclusion that someone has to live here; things don''t even look dusty. There are full sets of silverware, dishes, and toiletries. Why would Elden send me here? Maybe this is where he runs off to when he isn''t in the library. Maybe this is his home.

    It starts snowing outside, which will perfectly hide the smoke creeping up the chimney, and yet, despite how cozy this all seems, I know I won''t be able to rest here, not while there are people probably looking for me. This is only a safe ce until I figure out what to do, or until they find me.

    Should I go back to the castle and seek the guys out? I need to make it back to wolf territory, but I first have to make sure everyone is ok. I can''t imagine what the King might do to Eli if he were to find out he helped me, or Elden for that matter.

    I recall a map Noah once showed me of Lycan territory, the map was old, but the routes still held true; there had been no updates in infrastructure or territory in several decades. There was an unguarded portion of the western territory, which would lead me directly to my home.

    A deep pain settles in my chest and my heart is beating fast. The image of Noah that day, looking out for me, being so warm and tender, is too much to bear.

    I had hoped this overwhelming feeling of loss would stay at bay until I could get back home, but it was too much to hope for.

    Iy on the floor in front of the fire with the nket covering my entire body. I''m breathing heavily and the tears won''t stoping. I want to scream, I want to kill the lycans who killed him, and most importantly, I want to kill the King. I concentrate on his old, scruffy face and my eyes begin to blur out of anger.

    I feel so much regret in my heart that we were never truly connected. Now, all of the reasons to not be marked I might have had mean nothing to me. If I had been honest with him, if I had been been honest with myself", none of this would be happening. I would''ve shown up in this castle as a marked wolf, and nobody would have questioned it. Maybe, the King wouldn''t even have attempted to be my mate if I had been marked. Maybe, Noah would still be with me.

    I didn''t want to drag him into being with me forever, without understanding what I was getting into and without knowing what *he* was getting into. I still have no answers as to what a spirit wolf is or what dangers thates with, but now it is pointless. I will never have another mate again, I will never get Noah back.

    I cry for what feels like hours, until I''m too exhausted to think about anything anymore.

    *Vera, darling.*

    It''s auntie Eleanor. Only this time, I can actually see her; I can see all of them.

    There are about 12 women surrounding me, and I can see them all; and they''re all... crying?

    I look around, all of them look back at me with tears in their eyes.

    *Vera, Noah isn''t dead. He hasn''t crossed the threshold where we are, which is where all souls pass through.*

    *Why are you all crying? What happened?* I ask her.

    *Darling, you are our anchor to your world, we feel what you feel with just as much intensity. That''s why we are here, we knew something had happened.* This time the person to answer me isn''t Auntie Eleonor, it''s another woman, her voice oddly familiar. She lightlyughs.

    *I understand your confusion, we didn''t have time to exinst time. My name is Margaret, sweetheart, and I''m your grandmother.* My... my grandmother?

    *You are right, Vera. You are what we call a spirit wolf. Your father, my son, was Victor ckwood, and your mother was a werewolf.*

    I stare at all of them. I understand what they''re saying, but it doesn''t make sense.

    *Victor ckwood, I saw him in my visions before, didn''t I? What was that all about?*

    "Your father was a very powerful warlock, child,* Auntie Eleanor speaks, *when he saw your birth, he started preparing for your arrival. It took him one hundred years, but he finally made the world safe for you* her expression turns grim, *but not safe enough.* *My son had the gift of Sight, Vera, and so do you. That''s why you have visions of the past and with practice, you might be able to have visions of the future as well, just like your father did.*

    *But you have to be careful, there are still powerful witches and warlocks that managed to remain alive, and they will need powers like yours to remain in your realm; you cannot let this happen.*

    *Why wasn''t I aware of this before?! Why did they leave me alone?!* I feel my chest rumble with my words and the other women take a step back.

    *It''s ok, it''s ok. You have to be careful in this realm, emotions and magical powers are intensified. Breathe, darling, breathe.*

    I do as I''m told and close my eyes, taking in deep breathes. I open them once I feel calm enough.Contentt bel0ngs to N0ve/lDra/ma.O(r)g!

    Margaret smiles at me.

    *There we go. Good girl. There is a lot of exining to do, but we don''t have much time. Your father asked your aunt and I to lock your powers, so that you''d live a normal* *life with the Allen n. This realm must feel familiar to you, does it not?* I nod, dumbfounded.

    *We didn''t think you would actually have powers at first, but when you were very little you started visiting us every night. As witches grow up we lose the ability to travel* *into this realm, but you never did, we knew then the true power you held. That is why you recognize me, Vera, I was the one to lock your powers.* Auntie Eleonor chimes in.

    *That''s why I know your name, isnt it? That''s why I recognized your voice!* I tell her.

    *Yes* she smiles, *you and I used to meet every night in your dreams.*

    *But now that we have unlocked your powers, Vera, you have to be careful, there are people who will not stop until they have you..."

    I hear a noise, and all of us turn to look to our right which is where we perceive it. It''s a noise in the real world, my world.

    *And they might already be here...*

###Chapter54

    -Vera-

    I jolt awake.

    The fire from the firece has died down and the room is cold; it must have been out for a long time now. The snow has stopped and I hear someone trying to open the door with some difficulty, no doubt wrestling with the snow. Taking advantage of the darkness of the night, I silently get up leaving the quilt behind.

    I go up the stairs, towards the hatch I had seen on the ceiling earlier. Carefully, I start to push on it, making as little noise as I can. If this is one of the guards, or any other lycan for that matter, they''ll hear the faintest of noises.

    Just as the hatch opens and I''m ready to lift myself up to the roof, something stops me in my tracks. A scent.

    It smells like the forest.Contentt bel0ngs to N0ve/lDra/ma.O(r)g!

    It smells like home.

    Noah.

    "Ver-" he begins calling to me, but I''m already leaping from the second floor to him, crashing into his cold body.

    He immediately hugs me back tightly.

    "Thank the Goddess you''re alright," he whispers into my ear.

    I''m hanging onto him like my life depended on it. Eleanor had been right; he was alive all along. The relief I feel, the happiness I feel, is indescribable.

    "I thought they had killed you." I whisper into his neck where I have buried my face.

    He chuckles lightly, without humor.

    "Oh, they tried."

    After a few minutes, I break the embrace to take a good look at him. His face has several cuts that are all but healed, his arms have many bruises and cuts that are also healing perfectly; meaning this happened a few days ago. I also notice he''s shivering. "Come, I''ll light up the fire, we''ll freeze to death if we stay like this."

    I take his hand and sit him in front of the firece, where I had just been sleeping a few minutes ago, wrapping the quilt around him and starting the fire.

    Once the fire is in full ze, I turn to him and he opens up the quilt for me. We snuggle, watching the wood crack and burn under the heat of the mes. When I lean on his shoulder, though, he flinches.

    Concern crosses my face and forces me to separate from him.

    "Take your shirt off," I tell him.

    "It''s really nothing, Vera. It''ll heal on its own."

    "Take it off, Noah."

    I''m already going to my herbal emergency kit to see if there is anything I have to help heal him. When I turn back to him, I almost drop the little bag.

    The wound is gigantic and deep; it stretches from his torso all the way to his back. This was a lycan bite; and as I''m examining it, I''m shocked it didn''tcerate his arm offpletely.

    Trying not to show the shock in my expression, I go to him and fall on my knees beside him, realizing these stupid herbs won''t do anything to fix this.The wound is too deep, and too old. for this to have any effect. Noah heals incredibly fast, but this wound still has red spots where the skin is still open.

    "I''m guessing the fact that I can move my fingers is a good sign, isn''t it?" He says as he clenches and releases his fist over and over, with a gentle smile on his face.

    His brothers betrayed him. His brothers had tried to kill him in the most cowardly manner, his King, his leader, had this all arranged. He''s potentially lost his home and the men he considered family, and yet here he is, smiling.

    Tears start rimming my eyes; he doesn''t deserve this. He doesn''t deserve any of this.

    I straddle him on impulse, crashing my lips to his. He responds without hesitation, caressing my back with one hand and fisting my hair with the other, holding me in ce. His tongue caresses mine gently, but I want more. I deepen the kiss, feeling his member stir awake between my legs.

    He breaks the kiss and we''re both panting.

    "Vera, are you s-"

    I don''t let him finish. I remove my shirt and crash my lips to his again, and this time, he responds in like.

    He thrusts his tongue into my mouth with intention, ying with my tongue and gently biting my lips. We''re both breathing heavily and I can feel him growing even more between my legs. I instinctively start grinding against him, making us both more aroused. I feel my cheeks flush as one of his hands moves to remove my bra.

    My top ispletely bare to him now, and he breaks the kiss to take in the image of me like this.

    "I don''t want this to be something you regret, V." he says, his voice strained.

    "I''ll never regret you, Noah," I whisper, looking straight into his eyes.

    Wasting no more time, he flips me on my back onto the carpet andes over me, using his arms to hold himself up and we start kissing again. This time, however, he doesn''t stay on my lips too long as he continues down, kissing my neck, cor bone, and eventually my breasts.

    He takes one of my breasts into his hand, gently teasing my nipple with his tongue, drawing it into a stiff peak. My back arches, silently begging him to continue. He gently grazes both of my nipples with his teeth and tongue, back and forth, slowly and torturously. I can feel myself bing more and more wet to the point where I know I''m ready; but it''s not enough for him.

    He leaves my breasts and ventures further down, kissing and nibbling my skin as he goes. My entire body is on fire from need.

    He reaches my most sensitive spot and starts teasing me with his hand; I know he can feel my wetness even through my pants. I need him inside me, *now.*

    "Noah..." I''m panting.

    "I know baby, I know," he coos.

    He removes my pants and panties without much effort and he takes a look at me,pletely naked and panting for him. But instead of taking off his pants, he lowers his mouth to my bundle of nerves and starts kissing it gently. Shivers start coursing through my body, all of my nerve endings reacting to him.

    Then, he closes his lips on my bundle of nerves and start sucking ever so gently. It isn''t long before I''m on the verge of one of the best orgasms of my life. He puts a finger inside my slick entrance and that is my undoing. I moan out my o****m, spasming uncontrobly through the experience.

    A few momentster when Ie down from my high, I notice he has removed his pants and his member is free and fully erect.

    I gasp, taking it in.

    I don''t think I realized they could get so big.

    He chuckles, amused at my reaction as I gape at him.

    "When were you going to tell me you have a bat for a penis?!" I ask, feigning indignation.

    Now he''s roaring withughter.

    "And ruin the surprise?" He shrugs his shoulders and I shake my head incredulously.

    He lets it fall between my legs, onto my swollen clit and allughter is over, because that''s enough to get me started again.

    He lowers himself to kiss me on my lips, while also rubbing his member against my entrance. I''m panting once again at the sensation that it gives me. I''m already climbing, and he isn''t even inside me yet.

    Instead of waiting any longer, I continue kissing him but lower my hand to him, guiding his erection to my entrance; it''s so slick that there isn''t much coaxing needed. His head is sitting just inside me and the sensation is driving me crazy. "Impatient little thing," he''s breathing heavily too, his voice husky.

    Without warning, he pushes himself inside me with one quick thrust. It hurts somewhat, but I quickly adjust to it as he starts moving, in and out, slowly.

    "How is that?" He asks concerned.

    "Amazing." I''m moaning, "don''t stop."

    He begins moving faster, shing into me. The feeling of fullness and the sound of my own. wetness as he moves is almost enough to drive me to the precipice.

    I''m climbing further and further, but I know there is something missing.

    "Noah..." I turn my head, exposing the part of my neck where he is to ce his mark.

    He starts kissing the spot gently and lightly nibling on the sensitive skin. Sparks start under my skin; this is exactly what I need. He waits until I am on the verge of the precipice and when I reach that point and I''m moaning wildly, he sinks his canines into my neck, unleashing an earth shattering o****m.

    Everything else happens in a blur as I spasm around him. I feel Noah finish inside me, hotness pouring into me, and I feel him gentlypping up the blood that is surely oozing from the mark.

    As my heart beat calms down, I feel Noah pull the quilt over us as he pulls me into him, my back to his chest. Then, cocooned into him, we finally drift off to sleep feeling utterlyplete.

###Chapter55

    -Vera-

    I don''t know how long we''ve been asleep for, but when I wake up, I feel so incredibly rested. I stretch my legs and arms and a dull ache reminds me of the what transpiredst night. My hand involuntarily goes to my neck where I now bear Noah''s mark. It''spletely healed.

    Something that Charlotte told me a while backes back to me; something about some abilities being shared between mates once they bear each other''s mark. It could be that I have some of Noah''s healing ability now. Feeling my movement, Noah stirs awake next to me and pulls me to him, kissing his mark on my neck.

    "Good morning, my love," he says.

    I smile at the tenderness. His kiss on my neck also has another effect, though. If he keeps this up we''ll be trapped in this cabin forever, just having sex.

    "Morning to you, too." I turn around to face him.

    He has a sleepy smile on his face and the golden sparks in his eyes seem to be dancing. He stretches out his limbs just as I had.

    The fire went out at some point in the middle of the night, but I didn''t even notice; Noah''s body warmth was enough to keep usfortable the whole time we slept.

    Something crosses Noah''s eyes and the moment is gone. We both turn serious.

    "Did he... did he do anything to you?"

    "What? Who?" It takes me a moment to realize what he''s asking, "no, I ran before he could do anything. Nothing happened Noah."

    "You had a bruise on your arm when I got here, was that him?"

    I recount my experience with the King, and he did in fact grab me by the arm. I didn''t realize it had left a bruise.

    "Probably, yes. But again, nothing happened."

    He clenches his jaw.

    "I''m going to kill him." His lycan stirs in his eyes.

    He gets up, putting on his clothes.Content ? provided by N?velDrama.Org.

    "Noah." I get up as well, putting on my own clothes, "what are you doing? What are you thinking?"

    "I don''t know how, I don''t know when, but I *will* kill him."

    His lycan is almostpletely awake now, judging by his eyes.

    "Noah... Noah, look at me," I take his face in my hands, "we have to get out of here, we have to go back to the pack house."

    "But first, we *kill him*," he says. I can sense this is his lycan speaking, his voice is deeper than Noah''s. I roll my eyes.

    "Hey, I need Noah back, please." I coax him.

    He''s breathing heavy, rugged breathes, but heplies. He closes his eyes and when they open back up again, Noah''s hazel eyes are back. He blinks at me in confusion. Was he really not in control just now? "How often does that happen?" I raise an eyebrow at him.

    "I had to let him take full control back in the forest, he feels like he''s the boss now. Sorry, I''ll reel him in."

    "What happened, exactly?"

    We both go to sit on the couch now that his lycan is back under.

    "We found footsteps in the forest, they looked exactly like the chimera from the pack house. We followed its trail but found nothing else. That''s when they all turned on me, trying to kill me. If I hadn''t let this beast takeplete control, I don''t think I would be sitting here right now."

    I take his hand on mine. I can''t imagine how painful it must be to have your own betray you like that.

    "The King is the one that wants you dead, Noah. It was all his doing."

    "Yeah, but those guys really wanted me dead, too. They never hesitated. Good thing is, I didn''t either." There''s a pause.

    "Eli told me he wanted me dead because he wanted you as his mate."

    Something grim passes his face.

    "You talked to Eli?! When?"

    "He went looking for me into the forest. By the time he found me, I was already heading back to the castle to kill the King myself, but he told me everything that happened, he even told me where you were, that''s how I found you." "How are they? Have there been any punishments for helping me?"

    I wouldn''t be able to forgive myself if something happened to them because of me.

    "No, no. The King has kept all of this quiet; protecting his ego is more important. He has scouts looking for you, but I killed the best of them back in the woods. Lucas grabbed some of your clothes and directed them to wolf territory; they have no reason to believe you didn''t go home."

    We stay quiet for a moment, both lost in our thoughts.

    "Noah, he didn''t only want you dead because he wanted me as his mate. He wanted you dead because he knows how strong you are, he knows that you could easily take his throne."

    "But I don''t want his stupid throne, I have never been interested in it and quite frankly, If I was, I would''ve made a move by now with all his shitty management."

    "I know, I know, and I think there''s more to it but I haven''t quite figured it out yet. Eli also thinks it has to do with your father, who apparently was one of the strongest fighters to ever live or something."

    He raises his eyebrow at me, "He told you that?"

    I nod.

    "You guys became close while I was gone, huh."

    I roll my eyes. Men.

    "What do we do now, though? He thinks I went back home, and he has no reason to believe you'' re alive. We have to get back to wolf territory. We''ll be safe in the pack house, we can live a normal life there." He clenches his jaw.

    "Running isn''t in my nature, Vera."

    "But what choice do we have?! You almost got killed, I almost got turned into that asshole''s baby-maker, what''s to say our fate wouldn''t be worse if we returned?!"

    "I know, I know. Hey," he puts his hand on my leg, "we''ll figure something out. I promise."

    "Well, we can''t stay here forever. And a n won''t just fall onto ourps like magic!"

    Just on cue, there''s a knock on the door.

###Chapter56

    -Vera-

    Noah gets up slowly from the couch, locking eyes with the door. He signals me to shush with a finger to his lips. We have no reason to believe this is a hostile since they''re knocking on the door, but one can never be too careful. We both stand at the door and Noah quickly opens it, both of us ready to pounce on whoever is here.

    It''s Elden.

    Noah lets out a breath and I rx, letting the adrenaline of the moment drain from our bodies.

    "I thought it appropriate to knock, considering..." his eyes go to my neck and I immediately blush, "I''m happy you both are enjoying my humble abode."

    I am absolutely certain this man has been able to see this entire time and he''s just been pulling my leg.

    "I... Uhm...e in?" I mean this is his house.

    "Thank you!" He says with a cheer.

    He walks around the small cabin with ease; he knows where everything is after all. Then he sniffs the air.

    "Is that?... Could it possibly be you brought some herbs?" He says happily, rubbing his hands together.Contentt bel0ngs to N0ve/lDra/ma.O(r)g!

    His mood is confusing me. I would think everyone in the castle would be on edge considering the temper of the King. Specially those who helped me escape. Noah and I exchange a look. "Elden, what happened back there? What happened after I left? Did they do anything to you?"

    Elden is almost skipping through the room, selecting the herbs by smell and putting them into a kettle. He also starts the fire on the firece and ces the kettle on a hook directly above it. He sits down, cross legged, in front of the fire waiting for his tea.

    Noah looks at me and draws circles over his ear with his index finger, signaling that Elden is crazy. I signal for him to shush and go sit behind Elden on the couch. Noah follows suit apprehensively; after all, he doesn''t know Elden at all. "Elden..." He cuts me off.

    "Tea first, child. Tea alwayses first."

    So, we sit there, literally watching the fire burn and the water boil. Elden is such an odd man.

    The whistling of the kettle breaks me from my trance and Elden gets up, fetching it. He searches the cupboards in the kitchen until he finds three mugs and ces them on the table. Noah and I get up from the couch and go to him.

    The tea smells delicious, as usual. This time, it''s somethingbined with chamomile. I start sipping on the tea, just as Elden, but notice Noah isn''t following suit. I turn to him and gesture for him to drink. He eyes me curiously, but starts drinking his tea. "Don''t worry, the ones with poison usually has citrus to mask the taste," Elden says.

    Noah spits the tea into the cup, coughing loudly as Eldenughs to himself, pleased. "He only does that if he suspects you''re a witch. Are you a witch, Noah?" I chime in. Elden and I share a look and Noah eyes us back and forth.

    "What happened while I was away?!" He says.

    Elden and Iugh, but the moment is gone and he turns serious.

    "Did you find what you were looking for, wolf?" Elden says.

    "I... I think I did. It came to be in a dream, really. *They* came to me in a dream."

    Elden is listening attentively, but I realize Noah doesn''t know anything about witches, warlocks, or spirit wolves as he is staring at me in utter confusion.

    With a sigh. I turn to him and exin everything, in detail. My visions, powers and intuition. How Sofia first put me on the path of finding out about spirit wolves. And finally, about my visionst night. "So, you''re telling me, you''re half *witch*," He says.

    I gulp. This is what I feared the most. I was foolish to let him mark me without telling him this first. He had a right to know, he had a right to reject me if he didn''t want to be mated to a freak of nature. My heart is beating fast. He can''t reject me as a mate, technically, but he can still leave me.

    "So, when you saw the chimera, when you knew things nobody else did, when you connected to the forest and such... that was all magic?"

    "Correct." Elden answers for me.

    I''m unconsciously holding my breath, just waiting for the shoe to drop.

    "So... what else can you do with that magic?" He''s wiggling his eyebrows at me. *Of course* his mind would go there. I punch him in the arm yfully and heughs, but I''m almost about to cry from the relief I feel. He takes my hand and kisses it.

    "You''re even more amazing than I thought, V."

    I smile at this, but touching him has another, unintended, effect. I blush and his eyes darken.

    Elden clears his throat loudly and I pull my hand away, still feeling the electricity under my skin.

    "As much as I would like to leave you two lovebirds alone, I''m afraid we have more pressing matters at hand."

    Noah adjusts himself and turns to Elden.

    "We have to get out of here, we have to go back to the pack house. From what I heard, the scouts are already looking for her in that area so we have to be careful not to raise any..."

    It seems our conversation just a few moments ago resonated with him.

    But Elden interrupts him,

    "That''s the matter at hand. You can''t leave. Neither of you."

    We both stare at him and he finishes his tea before exining further.

    "Noah, you better than anyone know what Alistair is like. He is not worthy of being King. Our kingdom will *die* if left in his hands. We already are but a mere vestige of what we used to be. I know you don''t remember, but I was there. I was there when we were prosperous, when we had the best scientists, the best doctors, the best schrs. Alistair has been the single most disgraceful *thing* toe out of this species." Elden is turning red with anger. "This is why you can''t leave. We need for you to take over the throne." "I can''t do that, old man! Do you not see what this has almost cost me already?! I was nearly killed and Vera..."

    Noah can''t finish his sentence.

    "You are a warrior first and foremost, Noah! You have to fight! If you ever believed in lycans, if you want the best for your brothers and sisters who would be *left* living in these conditions. you will fight the King!" Noah ms his fists on the small table, tumbling his half full tea mug.

    "And what should I do? Huh?! Just walk in there and demand to fight the King?! We both know I wouldn''t even be allowed near the door! Those goons that call themselves warriors would have my head! The answer is NO." Elden is frowning up at Noah in anger, and Noah''s lycan eyes have begun to swirl in his pupils.

    I hear someone step up onto the small deck at the entrance of the cabin and the hairs on my neck rise.

    "Actually, the n is a little moreplicated than that."

###Chapter57

    -Vera-

    We all turn to the voice and Eli steps into the cabin.

    "Eli..." I get up to hug him, which takes us both by surprise; I''m just very happy, and grateful, to see him alive and well. "I''m not an easy target, doc," he says as he pats me in my back.

    We separate and Elden offers Eli a cup of tea, which he gratefully epts as hees from trekking in the cold. I move to grab a washcloth and clean the spilled tea on the table as Noah has now moved to look out one of the windows. Eli, Elden and I are sitting on the table, waiting for him to calm down.

    He finally speaks without turning from the window.

    "What do you mean by "n" exactly?"

    "Noah, it''s not new to you that the King isn''t liked; I''d even venture to say he is hated by the people, and not just within the castle. Many warriors deserted after King Alexander was killed, but they never stopped being warriors. They were just waiting for a worthy King to take over the throne toe serve again." Eli is looking at his cup of tea as he speaks, "Noah, you *are* that worthy King."

    Noah pinches the bridge of his nose with his fingers, but he finally turns to us and sits with us.

    "We would need an army, Eli. We would need an army to match the goons of the King. And then what? Just establish myself as King? The Council would never ept me."

    "The Council are just a group of old hags who abide by tradition because it *serves* them, but in reality, there is no real benefit to a Council anymore," Elden says. "Meaning?" I ask.

    "Meaning they either get on board or we get rid of them."

    Elden speaks of this in such a nonchnt manner, as if we''re not just nning a coup over here.

    Eli speaks next,

    "We have an army; and they just might be enough to pull this off. I have been preparing for this moment since you were a boy; your potential was crystal clear to me from the start. Warriors outside and within the castle are just waiting for my call... waiting for your call."

    Noah stares at Eli for a long time, weighing what he just said. Then, he turns to me and my heart sinks.

    "Vera, I know what we said, but we might have a real shot at taking Alistair down. Not only for what he did to you and what he almost did to me, but for all lycans now and in the future."

    His eyes are pleading with mine, but I know he''s already made up his mind.

    I sigh and turn to Eli,

    "So, how many are we talking about here?"

    "Couple hundred warriors, some of us are old, but we have a couple of tricks up our sleeves. Then, a great part of the warriors within the castle would also stand with you; you have earned their loyalty throughout the years."

    "We could attack at night, but we''d have to make sure that bastard doesn''t run away through the tunnels," Noah says.

    "I could close them off. I know every entrance and exit better than anyone in the castle; it won''t be a problem." Elden offers.

    "Right now, the King is not in the castle. Apparently, he had some business to attend to within the kingdom. But when hees back, we have to move quick," Eli says. "Does he have any reason to believe Noah is still alive?" I ask.

    "No, not yet. That''s why we have to move quick, before he starts wondering why none of the

    men came back either. He also has no reason to believe you''re not back in werewolf territory. Once the Kinges back, we make our move."

    Noah turns to me again.

    "I need you to stay here, V."

    "You what?!"

    "I can''t have you in the battle, it''s too dangerous."

    "Dangerous?! You clearly haven''t been paying attention then. Dangerous doesn''t scare me."

    "It''s not about you being scared, and I know you''re capable of defending yourself, but against a lycan? Against many lycans? I would rather you stay safe."

    "Noah, you can''t keep me here. I''m going whether you like it or not."

    "Vera, this is not negotiable, you have to st-"

    "She has toe with us."

    We all turn to Elden who had been staying quiet for most of this conversation.

    "What? Did you miss the part where she literally has magical powers? Who knows how useful she could be," He says.

    "I mean herbat skills are great, sure, but I wouldn''t say they''re *magical powers*" Eli

    retorts.

    We all turn to him now.

    "Oh, you missed that part of the story too, didn''t you?" Noah says and I roll my eyes.

    I proceed to tell Eli everything about my being a half witch, too.

    By the time I''m done, he''s gaping at me. Full on, open mouth, frozen expression. Then, something clicks.

    "And you''re ok with this?!" He yells at Noah.

    Noah simply shrugs.

    "Clearly, I am," he says and signals to his mark on my neck.

    Eli looks back and forth between the mark, Noah, and myself.

    "Tell me that''s not what I think it is."

    Noah snorts.

    "What else could it be, old man?"

    There''s a moment of awkward silence while Eli figures out how to feel about this. He already had a problem with Noah being mated to a wolf, but now that wolf is also half witch. I''m sure if he concentrates on it enough, his head will implode. Heposes himself and the stern expression is back. He gets up from the table.

    "Well, I take it we are all on board with the n then. I will make the due arrangements, quickly, before the Kinges back. We''ll be in touch."

    And just like that, Eli leaves the cabin without saying anything else.

    Elden also gets up and leaves without saying a single word, even though based on his silence and expression I can tell he has a lot in his mind. Noah and I are left in the cabin alone with our thoughts and little by little, the reality of the situation settles in.

    We were going to war.Material ? N?velDrama.Org.

###Chapter58

    -Vera-

    Noah and I stay seated at the table for a long time, each processing the information in our own way. Eventually though, we both get incredibly hungry.

    "Sorry, I haven''t had time to hunt anything. We have to go out and find something to eat."

    "It''s ok. I''ll go get us something. You stay here." He suggests.

    "You do that a lot, you know?"

    "Do what?"

    "Try to keep me out of the fun stuff. I''m a great hunter, just so you know."

    He smirks,

    "Apetition then, whoeveres in with some lunch first gets a price."

    I raise my eyebrow at him.

    "What kind of price?"

    "We''ll see when the timees. I''ll tell you exactly what I want," he winks at me.

    I shake my head in disbelief at what I think he''s implying, but still extend my hand to shake his in agreement.

    "I have to warn you though," I say as I step onto the threshold of the door, wrapping my hair up in a messy ponytail, "not much is alive in this forest, so it might take you some time."

    I hear something fall to the floor behind me; when I turn, Noah has changed into his lycan form.

    Hees closer to me, tail wagging.

    "Speaking of unfair advantages," I say, narrowing my eyes at him.

    He simply licks my *entire* face with one swift, wet tongue, and takes off.

    I continue narrowing my eyes at him after he''s gone. It''s game on.

    My go to move in these situations, and why I was always such a good scout, is that the forest told me

    ing I needed to know about my prey. This time, it would be a little more difficult than that. Not only was the forest very unweing, but most of it wasContent ? provided by N?velDrama.Org.

    dead.

    I crouch down to the ground, near one of the trees that has survived all this time and dig my hand into the soil.

    Again, it takes me a few minutes to connect to the forest, but it tells me exactly what I need. Running in the direction of my prey, two small rabbits, it only takes me about twenty-five minutes to reach them, kill them, and bring them back to the cabin. Noah is nowhere in sight.

    I smirk to myself. This might finally teach him not to underestimate me.

    A little over an hour passes and Noah finallyes back, one rabbit in hand. His lycanes in through the door, tail wagging and looking triumphant; until he sees that not only had I brought a meal first, but also that they were already cooked. His tail sags.

    "Change, so we can eat. I can prepare that rabbit too if you''d like," I say a little too sweetly, smiling at him.

    He hands me the rabbit to be skinned and peeled and quickly changes, putting on his clothes.

    "Ok, I''m calling bullshit. You summoned those rabbits with some magic spell."

    "Noah, that''s now how it works."

    "What? You''re gonna tell me you didn''t use magic?"

    "I mean, sure. But you turned into a lycan and that''s technically magic too."

    "I want re-do."

    Iugh out loud.

    "You''re such a sore loser! Just admit it, you underestimated me. You really thought you could beat me at this."

    "I was the best hunter in my ss," he says.

    He''s fuming.

    "So was I."

    I wink at him.

    I take the cooked rabbits to the table and ce them along with some tes and silverware. We are too hungry to keep arguing so we dig in. We eat in silence at first. "Have you always had powers?" He asks.

    "I guess so, in some degree. I''ve always been able to connect to the forest, but that''s about it. ording to my aunt and grandmother, that''s because they blocked my powers."

    "Right. How does that work again? You talking to your aunt and grandma?"

    "Well, from what I gather, they''re in a realm different from this one, and I can ess it, apparently."

    "And they blocked your powers, why?"

    "ording to them, Victor ckwood, my father, asked them to do it so I could live a normal life."

    I stay silent for a minute.

    "Actually, you know, when I was in thata back in the pack house, I had a few dreams with him. In one of them, he was putting a spell on the underground gems in the Jade Waterfall. When he was done, he told John Allen that no witch would be able to trespass. He also told him that he would need a favor from his bloodline when the time came. I wonder if he did all of that for me."

    "It sounds like an act of love to me." He smiles at me.

    "I wasn''t even born at this point. John Allen is a very old ancestor to Sofia."

    "Well, didn''t your grandmother also say that he had been preparing for your arrival for one hundred years?"

    "They also said he didn''t manage to make it safe enough. I wonder if that''s where the chimera witches into y."

    I remember something else, too. The vision I had when I first walked into the forest. I didn''t stop to think about it too long at the time, but now that I can, I wonder who that woman was.

    "Eli told me that King Alistair doesn''t have a mate, but has that always been the case? When I first stepped into the forest, it showed me a vision. It was a much younger Alistair with a woman. Noah finishes chewing a piece of meat as he thinks.

    "I''ve never heard of anyone being close to him, much less a woman. Are you sure it was him?"

    "I don''t even know anymore, maybe it was someone else."

    We finish eating and clean everything.

    Then we sit by the firece and snuggle, admiring the mes. It didn''t snow today, but it''s still cold enough to need the firece.

    "I''m sorry for dragging you into this, V, and for everything else."

    "What''s everything else?"

    "The chimera, back in the pack house, then bringing you to this horrible ce, and now this. I should''ve known better."

    "Noah, how could you have known? You don''t have to apologize for anything, anyway. Everything has been my choice, you haven''t forced me to do anything."

    "And yet here we are, expecting a war at any moment."

    He sighs and I turn to look at him.

    "How are you feeling about being King? It''s a lot of responsibility."

    "You know, if that''s what it takes to get that asshole out of the throne. I''ll do it. Hopefully it

    won''t be a permanent position but rather just until we find someone else."

    "Oh, I think it''ll be pretty permanent, you heard Eli, you''re king material."

    I beam at him, remembering the way his friends and everyone else reacted to him, with such awe and admiration.

    He stays silent, thinking about all of the implications of going to war and being King.

    "You''ll be a great King, Noah, and I''ll stand by you every step of the way." I tell him, and I full-heartedly believe it too; he''s one of the most honorable and kind men I have ever met. He looks at me as something I don''t recognize crosses his face.

    Then, he kisses me.

    It''s a passionate kiss. A kiss that demands to be responded to in like.

    Soon, we are both half naked as he carries me up the stairs to the bed, ready to make me his again and again.

###Chapter59

    -Vera-

    TW: infanticide, r**e, human sacrifice.

    I wake up in the middle of the night, only I don''t actually feel awake. When I open my eyes, I''m greeted by my grandmother and aunt in their realm, but it feels different. *Hello Vera, we''ve been expecting you,* says my grandmother.

    I look around, noticing this time it''s only the three of us. It also *feels* different. Before, I felt like I was in a dream, this time it feels like I''m actually here. Everything is clearer. *Why does it feel different this time?* I ask.

    *We think it''s the mark, my dear. We can''t know for sure but there''s a real possibility that it has amplified your powers. We also feel more connected to your world,* Auntie Eleonor offers.

    My hand moves to my mark unconsciously. When I touch it, my mind travels back to Noah and for an instant, I can see him, see us, sleeping peacefully on the cabin''s bed.

    *You are astral projecting, Vera. Now that you bear Noah''s mark, it serves as an anchor to him at all times.*

    I stop touching it and I''m back with my aunt and grandmother. Now that I can see them clearly, my grandmother looks unexpectedly young. I open my mouth to question this, but sheughs. "Darling, we are witches. Aging is optional.*

    *Your power has grown, Vera. It is an unexpected side effect of being marked by your mate. I...* Auntie Eleonor hesitates and looks at her mother, *this is uncharted* *territory. We''ll have to figure things out as we go."

    *What your aunt is trying to say, is that you have to be careful. As your power grows, it will be a beacon to other witches and warlocks, and the ones that remain in* *your realm are for the most part evil. You will have to be able to defend yourself if ites to it.*

    *And for that, we will train you in this realm. It''s certainly unorthodox, and it''s not like in your world, but it will give you an idea how to control your powers.*

    Both of them share a look.

    *What is it?* I ask

    My grandmother hesitates.

    *I''m sorry, my dear, but first you have to understand what you''re really up against.*

    Without warning. I''m transported back in time, just as I had before. Only this time, it was clearer, just like the other realm. It didn''t feel like a dream, it felt like I was actually here.

    I''m in a grand castle, it''s opulent in its decoration, with crystal images and the highest ceilings I have ever seen. It''s very bright, filled with enormous windows and natural light. White marble spreading throughout all of the floors, walls, and columns. Beginning to walk around, I hear my aunt''s voice in my head.

    *Now that you''re more powerful, you have to be careful not to use any magic while you''re here. If you do, you might leave a magical imprint which can be tracked across* *time, even into this realm.*

    "Where am I exactly?*

    *You''re in White Castle, home to the Witch Mother.*

    I read about Witch Mothers before, so I''m notpletely clueless.

    "And what am I doing here, exactly?*

    *You need to learn where youe from. Head to the end of this hall, there''s a red door that will glow for you. Enter, but be very careful.*

    I do as I''m told, walking for a few minutes until I reach the door. I open it carefully. It instantly feels like I shouldn''t be here, the hair on my nape rising.

    The scene that I''m greeted with here is the opposite of the castle outside. There is no natural light; the descending flight of stairs are only lit by firemps ced on the walls. I continue descending, and the more I do, the more intense the smells get; it smells like rot and decay. I have to cover my mouth and nose with my hand to continue; even my eyes are watering.N?velDrama.Org owns ? this.

    "No, no please, give me my baby back." I hear a voiceing from my destination, followed by murmurs.

    "NO! Why isn''t this WORKING?!" Comes screaming from the same direction.

    "Please, he''s just a baby, he''s not at fault, give him back." The initial voice is sobbing.

    "Your baby is nothing but a failed experiment."

    Then, I hear a loud, telling crunch.

    "NO!" says the teary voice, followed by anguished screams.

    When I get to the base of the stairs, I realize these are actually dungeons. There is arge space in the middle, with tables, cauldrons, and countless books, surrounded by many cells.

    "Witch Mother, we have to let these lycans go, none of their babies have served your purposes. We''re doing something wrong."

    The one called the Witch Mother takes a look around the cells, which I now see are filled with pregnant women and some very rugged, malnourished men. The smell in here is putrid, it''s hard to imagine anyone being here for extended periods of time. "Let them go? Even if their babies are useless, it doesn''t mean they are. Bring these two to me." She points at the cell with the wailing mother and another one to her left.

    The people do as they''re told. The Witch Mother takes the wailing mother by the hair and lifts her up in the air; she painfully screams, violently trying to free herself. Swiftly, the Witch Mother shes her throat, silencing her. Then, she uses her w like nails to puncture into her chest and remove her heart.

    "This could still work. Do not give up brothers and sisters!"

    She ces the heart into the cauldron and chants a few words, her eyes bingpletely white as the mixture bubbles and fumes.

    When she''s done, she takes some of the sticky liquid from the cauldron and puts it in a chalice, handing it to one of the warlocks in the room.

    "You know what to do."

    The warlock steps forward and drinks the concoction. Then, he steps close to the other woman, grabbing her forcefully by her hair, dragging her into one of the cells. The woman merely whimpers and whispers, "no, please no, not again."

    I fall to my knees as the woman begins to scream. I still keep my hand on my mouth to make as little noise as possible, remembering that in this state I have to rail in my emotions; but it''s incredibly difficult.

    *The Witch Mother wanted to create a cross between a witch and a lycan, initially conceptualized as a Spirit Beast, to use as her personal army, but it took them many* *decades to figure it out.*

    *What you are seeing now, that woman, would be the first mother to the first Spirit Beast, only she wasn''t a lycan; she was a wolf.*

    *The Witch Mother finally realized that the creature she considered inferior, the werewolf, was the answer all along. She would never have her Spirit Beast, but she would* *have Spirit Wolves.* *But this... she had to sacrifice another woman to create the baby she was looking for,* I say.

    *Yes, and that is why letting her continue on would''ve meant the end for both lycans and werewolves. You see, both were necessary to create the Witch Mother''s* *creature.*

    "What happened then? How did she stop?*

    "Your father found out what she had been up to thest few decades and realized the perversion of our kind could no longer be ignored.*

    "That''s why your father, Vera, began the end of the Age of Witches."

###Chapter60

    -Vera-

    I close my eyes forcefully, not wanting to be witness to such cruelty anymore. When I open them back up. I''m out of those horrid dungeons; my grandmother and aunt looming over me in concern. One of them ces her hand on my head, consoling me. *I''m sorry, darling, but we had to show you what our species hade to. Your father understood well that we could no longer exist under these pretenses. The Witch* *Mother is pure evil.* *Is?* I ask.

    My aunt turns to me grimly.

    *Yes, we have every reason to believe she is still alive. There are witches still living in your world, most of them still serve her.*

    *This is why you can''t let your guard down. Vera. If she ever found out a Spirit Wolf is still alive, she could try to use your magic to gain hers back. You cannot let this* *happen under any circumstance, do you understand?*

    I nod. The implication is very clear. I''d rather die than give that bitch her powers.

    *If she were ever to gain her powers back, with the rest of us gone, there would be no stopping her. No lycan or werewolf would ever be a match for her.*

    *And what happened to my father?*

    They both look at each other.

    *We have reason to believe he is also alive in your world, although we are not sure in what state. We haven''t felt him since we felt your birth.*

    *And what about my mother? You said she was a werewolf?*

    *Ah yes, her name was Lilith. Your father met her once and felt the mate pull, even though witches don''t have predestined mates. She was a very lovely girl.* My heart sinks at her words.

    *Was?* I ask.

    My grandmother turns sad,

    *Unfortunately, she didn''t survive long after you were born. You see, it takes a very special wolf to be able to breed with a warlock, and none ever made it out alive. It was**the curse of giving birth to a Spirit Wolf.*

    Unwanted tears start streaming down my face. I didn''t even know these people, but I just know they had to love me very much to give up so much for me to live.

    All of a sudden, I feel very tired. The entire experience has worn me out.

    My aunt puts her hand on my forehead,

    *You should go now. A lot of magic is required to keep in the state you''re in, it''s drained you. You''ll need a couple of hours to recuperate. Sweet dreams, my dear.*

    That''s thest thing I remember her saying before everything goes dark.

    I don''t know how long I sleep for, but when I wake up and peek through the window. everything is dark. Is this the same night? I turn to the other side of the bed, noticing Noah is gone.

    I get up from the bed feeling groggy, like I didn''t rest at all. Maybe what my aunt said is true, being in their realm drains my magic and energy. Regardless, I get up from the bed and get dressed, heading downstairs to look for Noah. I find him looking out the kitchen window when I approach him. He turns around, sensing me, and puts his arms around me.

    "Morning, sleepy head."

    I grunt.

    "How long was I asleep for?"

    "About 18 hours."

    I turn my head up to look at him,

    "What?!"

    "I mean I can''t me you, we were at it all night; I must''ve drained you."

    "Noah..." I narrow my eyes at him and heughs.

    "Is that tea I smell?" I say, turning to the firece.

    "Oh, yes, Elden said it might help you? He was here a few hours ago."

    I grab the kettle and pour myself some tea. It smells amazing, and this time it has honey. I sigh, feeling better just by the scent alone. As I take a sip, it tastes like some type of flowery tea.

    I sit by the couch and Noah joins me.

    "What did you guys talk about?" I ask him.

    "Not much, I think he was only interested in talking to you. He''s a very odd old man."

    I smile at this. Yes, yes he is.

    "You were having a nightmare," he says.

    I turn to look at the tea cup in my hands, enjoying the warmth of it against my skin.

    "I was with my aunt and grandmother again. They showed me how spirit wolves were made."

    He looks at me, waiting patiently for me to continue. My skin crawls just recalling the experience. I take a deep breath and tell him everything I saw and everything my aunt and grandmother told me. He stays quiet for a long time, looking into the fire. "I knew witches were evil, but I underestimated them."

    "They also said the Witch Mother is still alive, Noah. What if she''s the one that created the Chimera? It had to be a powerful witch."

    "More importantly, why would she create it in the first ce?"

    "She was after lycans and then werewolves, both of which are needed to create spirit wolves, could she be trying to make more again?" I shiver at the thought of this being true, but it''s a possibility we have to consider.

    We both sit in silence after this, each considering the implications.

    "If that''s the case, it is even more important to get Alistair dealt with, soon. Lycans have to be strong enough if that witch ising back."

    I nod at this. With everything I have recently learned. I had almost forgotten about Alistair. The quicker we deal with him, the quicker I can visit Sofia to warn her and catch her up.

    There''s a knock on the door and Noah sits up to get it.

    "It''s probably Eli," he says, heading to the door.

    Eli walks in, a grave expression on his face.

    "What happened?" I question, noticing his demeanor.

    "Change of ns, kids."

    He says as he sits on the dining table and Noah and I join him.

    "So, King Alistair is back. We finally know what he was doing while he was away," he pauses, something sour in his expression, "he was gathering an army for hire."

    Noah and I turn to look at each other, shocked.

    "How many?" Noah asks.

    "Thousands, they haven''t arrived yet."

    We both gape at him.

    "How does he even have the money to hire such an army?" I question.

    "He doesn''t, but they don''t know that yet."

    We sit there, processing what this means for our n.

    "So, what now?" I''m hesitant to ask, but we need a new n; we dont have nearly enough. people to fight an army of thousands.

    "Oh, I have a n. It''s riskier, but we have to move quickly, before his army gets here. The good thing is, we have an advantage." "And what''s that?" I ask.Material ? N?velDrama.Org.

    "You."

###Chapter61

    -Vera-Content ? provided by N?velDrama.Org.

    I take onest look at the cabin, making sure everything is just as when I found it. Afterall, this

    is Elden''s home; I imagine he''s very excited to get it back for himself.

    Locking everything up. Noah turns to me and offers his hand,

    "Are you ready?"

    I gulp.

    "As ready as I''ll ever be."

    "It''s going to be alright. V. You''ll be great."

    "You know, you keep saying that and it doesn''t really help."

    Heughs.

    "It''s just performance jitters, you''ll be fine."

    I take his hand and we head out.

    The sun hasn''t risen so we walk with thest hours of light the moon has to offer. It''s a very pleasant walk, unlike the first time I came to the cabin. The forest still has quite an unweing feeling to it, but having Noah by my side makes everything better; it calms

    me.

    We walk for a few hours, taking in all of our surroundings as a way to distract ourselves from the task castle, not before giving me a long, tender kiss.

    I enter the tunnels, guided again by the scent of Elden''s garden, and begin my walk towards the librar

    To bepletely honest, this n seems ridiculous. There are so many things that have been left at that either.

    After a long walk, I make it to the library and am greeted by Elden.

    "Wee back, Vera."

    He''s smiling at me, but it does very little to reassure me.

    "Here," he says, handing me my spear which he had retrieved from Noah''s room.

    I shake my head in disbelief,

    "One of these days you''ll have to tell me how you get around without being noticed, Elden."

    d. When we reach the clearing. Noah and I part ways. I go to the underground tunnels, the same tunnels by which I escaped, and he heads to the front of the

    ; anything could happen. It''s stressing me out knowing that if one thing doesn''t go as nned, we will have to improvise, and we don''t have much room for

    From what Eli told us, Noah''s room and all the ces that I frequented within the castle were still in constant watch by the guards.

    "Well then, today is your lucky day! Nobody can know you''re here until it''s time. Come."

    We walk to another part of the library, another entrance to the tunnels guarded by a massive painting. This time, it''s of a man with a strong build and regal posture. There''s something oddly familiar about this man but I can''t quite ce him. "Who are these people, Elden, the ones in the paintings? This man seems familiar and the other woman... who were they?"

    "Hush, child. We must hurry. Your mate must be about to make it to the front of the castle. If anything happens, you have to be ready."

    He ushers me into the tunnels, following closely behind after closing the concealed door.

    "Follow me."

    I do as I''m told and we walk in silence. These tunnels are smaller than the ones that led me outsidest time; there isn''t enough space for me to walk besides Elden so I walk a few steps behind him.

    After about twenty minutes and too many turns to remember, we arrive at a part of the castle I don''t recognize, but it has a direct line of sight to the entrance of the castle through some peepholes.

    We stand there in silence, waiting for Noah. After only a couple of minutes, we hearmotion.

    "He''s back! Tell the King he''s back!" We hear a voice, followed by heavy footsteps hurrying to open the massive doors.

    My heart starts speeding. This is it. This is the moment where we''ll know if our n has a shot of working or this is where it all ends.

    "Warrior Noah!" screams one of the guards; a small crowd has begun to form around the entrance but Noah isn''t being let in just yet, "where are the rest of your scoutingpanions?!"

    "I killed them." Noah says tly.

    Murmurs erupt all throughout the crowd. Some are outraged, but most are simply shocked.

    "And why would you do that?!" An angry guard steps forward, challenging Noah.

    "It''s none of your business, but if you''d like to find out *how* I did it, you''re wee toe closer." Noah grins at him, his lycan teeth showing.

    The crowd once again begins murmuring and whispering amongst themselves. Out of the corner of my eye, I see Eli and Lucas; Eli is looking our way, knowingly. He can''t see us as we are still within the tunnels and therefore within the castle walls, but he knows the n; he knows we''re here.

    After a while, we hear what we were waiting for; heavy footstepsing from the winding staircases that lead directly to the King''s quarters.

    He''s here.

    "Well, well, well," King Alistair says as he descends out of our sight, "what do we have here? The *traitor* Noah?"

    I clench my fist. Just listening to his nasty voice naming Noah makes my blood boil. I grip my spear with both hands now, Elden inching closer to the concealed door that would expose us to everyone. He nods at me, and I nod at him. I look over to Eli; he and Lucas have begun to move to the strategic points they had nned out.

    This is the moment of truth. What will the King do?

    After a few minutes of silence, the Kinges into vision, standing in front of the entrance to the castle with that ridiculous robe of his.

    "Guards, take the *traitor to the dungeons. We will have his trial first thing in the morning. gather the Council,"

    I sigh in relief, softening the grip on the spear as Elden retrieves from the door. This is the best case scenario for now; we were afraid the King would have him executed right here, right now, but Eli was right, he''d want to make a spectacle out of it and for that, he needs time.

    fare the trial

###Chapter62

    -Vera-

    We are still on standby in case anything goes wrong, the King has not yet left.

    The guards step forward and handcuff Noah withrge, heavy iron. He is pushed and shoved into the castle being forced to kneel in front of the King.

    The King approaches Noah and whispers something to his ear, too low to hear all the way here, but Noah reacts,unching himself at the King but is quickly stopped by the guards.

    Alistair lets out a loud, cynicalugh, and waves his hand dismissively as Noah''s lycan eyes continue to swing in his pupils.

    "Take him! No food or water for today."

    Then, he turns around and leaves the same way he came. Relief washes over me.

    Noah is pushed and shoved in the direction of the dungeons, my heart aching by the way he''s being treated

    "Ok, the n is in motion, child," Elden tells me, "we should go and prepare for tomorrow."

    "Is there any way I could see him? I need to make sure he''s ok."

    Elden scratches his beard,

    "Let''s consult with Eli. I know some of his guys are on watch duty today, they might be able to let you

    We make it back up to the library the same way we came. This will be my hiding spot for the time being as only very few people knew I frequented it. Elden has even gone through the trouble of arranging a bed for me and everything. "It isn''t much, but it''ll do the job."Contentt bel0ngs to N0ve/lDra/ma.O(r)g!

    I thank him as he disappears through yet another dark corner of the library, leaving to consult Eli.

    I sit on the bed and think about everything that''s supposed to happen, ying all of the different scenarios in my head, and worrying sick about Noah; basically, fueling my anxiety until Eldenes back about an hourter.

    "Come, we don''t have much time, the guards in rotation right now are loyal to Noah but they are switched every hour. Put this on, it''ll mask your smell."

    I get up from the bed and follow Elden in a hurry, putting on a Council robe.

    "Here," he says, "you might need this."

    He hands me some bread, water, and a first aid kit. Worry sinks in my stomach as I look at him questio

    "No time, we have to hurry."

    I follow Elden quietly, steeling myself for the worse. We walk for about 10 minutes, descending into the tunnels until we reach yet another fake wall. When we arrive to the dungeons, the smell is utterly putrid; I cover my nose with my hand, trying to filter out the smell of crusted blood and urine.

    "Vera?" I hear my name as we make our way through the different cells.

    It''s Noah.

    I hurry towards the voice and sink to my knees at the sight.

    Noah is on his knees, his hands chained to the wall behind him in the far end of the cell. He''s also been beaten into a bloody pulp. I have tears rimming my eyes, how could they do this?

    "Elden, go get those damn guards, I need to clean him up.''

    He does as he''s told and a few momentster, one of the guards shows up with the keys. He fumbles with them a bit, testing my patience. I''m quickly going from sad to murderous; if I get my hands on the ones who did this to him, I will end them myself. I get inside once the guard figures out how to use the keys and drop to my knees in front of Noah, assessing the damage.

    His lip is busted in many ces and one of his eyes is swollen shut; the other eye isn''t doing much better but he can at least see through it. I dampen one of the rags Elden gave me in the first aid kit and begin cleaning the crusted blood in his hair, face and body. Once I''m done, I also see many cuts meaning all of this blood I just cleaned was his.

    "Those motherfuckers had to get me while chained, otherwise all of this blood would''ve been theirs," Noah says while spitting blood to the side.

    He''s angry. Good.

    I keep cleaning him up, putting an antibiotic solution on his open wounds. I don''t know what these wounds were made with but I''m just being extra cautious. "Some of these need stitches." I say matte-of-factly.

    "You can''t. They''d know I have people helping me and they can''t know just yet, V, we have to stick to the n. I''ll be almostpletely healed by tomorrow."

    I stare at him, assessing what else I can do for him right now without it being too obvious. There is nothing more other than perhaps give him some painkillers.

    "Here," I say, uncapping the water bottle and bringing it to his lips. He downs it one big gulp, also using some of it to swish his mouth and spit some more blood. I start ripping into the bread to feed him, piece by piece. He doesn''t fight me on this, he continues eating in silence until the big loaf of bread is gone.

    I hear footsteps outside the cell; it''s one of the guards.

    "It''s time to go. Our shift is almost over."

    I don''t turn to look at him, instead I ce my forehead gently on Noah''s.

    "Go, I''ll be fine."

    I take onest look at him, holding in all of the sadness, impotence, and rage I feel right now. This isn''t the time to jeopardize the mission.

    Elden leads me to the fake wall once again, and we begin walking towards the library. Still, I can''t shake the horrendous feeling that has settled in the pit of my stomach from leaving Noah alone.

###Chapter63

    -Noah-

    Once I hear the fake wall click shut and I can no longer sense Vera, I grunt. I really should''ve taken the painkillers she offered; I was just acting nonchnt about it for her sake. The guards that brought me here made a point in letting me know just how much they hate me; they really did a number on me. Thankfully, Vera didn''t think to check my ribs because it''s likely at least three of them are broken.

    Seeing her raised my spirits, but that''s not necessarily going to heal me faster.

    n, one of the guards,es closer to the cell.

    "Hey, boss?" n is one of the recruits I had personally trained years ago; he''s a good kid, "we" re off duty now, but I suggest you pretend to be unconscious. Lenny is up next and we all know how he feels about you."

    I grunt again. Lenny has always had a stick up his ass.

    "Thanks, n. I''ll think about it."

    He nods and heads off.

    It''s incredibly humiliating to pretend to be unconscious so that the guards don''t keep beating me, but if I want to be in any shape to execute the n tomorrow, I have to do it.

    A few minutester I hear the next guardse in and hear Lenny''s snicker.

    "What do you mean he''s *unconscious*?! The great lycan Warrior?! I have to see this for myself."

    I let my body go limp, straining on the chains.

    "Ha! I didn''t think it was possible!" I hear him opening the cell, "would you look at that?" he kicks one of my knees and I remain limp, sagging further against the chains, "Hey Ezra! Come check this out." Good. Ezra is with him.

    "What the fuck do you think you''re doing. Lenny? The King was very clear, he wanted him in perfect shape for his execution tomorrow." Execution?

    "Oh,e on, Ezra! Live a little! Let''s have a little fun with him, and we can me the guards from the shift before. What do you say, huh?"

    Lenny cocks one eyebrow at Ezra''sck of response.

    "Fine, suit yourself."

    I hear Lenny unfasten his belt and feel him raise it in front of me.

    "Let''s see if this wakes you up, you piece of shit."

    I steady myself so that I don''t flinch and give myself away at the strikes, but Ezra catches Lenny''s arm before he can swing.

    Ezra''s voice isced with venom,

    "If you want to disobey a direct order from the King himself, suit yourself. I will enjoy watching *two* traitors executed tomorrow."

    There''s a moment of silence as Ezra lets go of Lenny''s hand, walking out of the cell and into his post. Lenny curses under his breathe but puts his belt back on, closing the cell door loudly.

    Once I feel that Lenny has left and is at his post, I let out a long sigh. My blood is boiling. I can''t wait to get out of here and push all of Lenny''s teeth into his skull. They''re all acting so triumphant already, having no idea what''sing to them. I feel my lycan beginning to surface.

    "Rail it in, boy," I hear a voice from another cell.

    It''s a frail voice, I have to strain my ears to figure out where it''sing from.

    "Who said that?"

    It chuckles.

    "Don''t mind me. I''m the local cuckoo."

    I frown, or rather, try to frown.

    "What? You haven''t heard? Every dungeon *needs* its own insane person."

    "What''s your name?"

    "I don''t have a name anymore. The rats in here call me, *chirp*" He actually makes the chirping noise rats make...

    I shake my head; this man is just insane. He lets out a loud, cackling noise, followed by a fit of coughing. He grunts.

    "Is it me or the bread keeps getting drier and drier here? Oh wait, you''ve only been here a few hours!" More cackling.

    "Not to worry, friend. Chances are I won''t live past tomorrow, anyway."

    "An execution?" The voicees closer, and now I notice he''s in the cell right next to mine.

    He pushes his face into the iron rods,ing the closest he can to me. His eyes have zed over, and his face is almost skinny enough to pass through the bars. His hands make him look more like a skeleton than a person. I wonder how long he''s been here.

    "What did you ever do to upset the boy so?" He asks.

    "The boy?" I question.

    "Well, yes. Alistair."

    I find it odd that he would refer to the King like ''the boy,''

    "I killed some of his scouts. What did *you* do to upset ''the boy"?"

    "I refused to die," he says with finality, turning serious.This belongs to N?velDrama.Org - ?.

    He retreats into his cell, into the darkness, where I can no longer see him but can definitely still hear him. I can''t make out what he''s rambling about, not that I care enough to try.

    I stay in silence, trying to rest my bangled body. About half an hourter, Ezraes into my cell.

    "Hi, boss," he says, mockingly.

    I try to roll my eyes but they still hurt too much and I grunt; Ezra chuckles.

    "Sorry, it''s what the young guys are calling you and it stuck. Here," he says, uncapping a water bottle and bringing it to me. I down it slowly.

    "So, I''m to be executed tomorrow?"

    "That''s what I came in for, though it took Lenny longer than usual to fall asleep. The word is you are to be tried at the guillotine; the trial is just for show. We won''t have much time to act, I''ve already informed the others." This means we will have to adjust, and we don''t have much room time wise.

    "Can I get you anything else?"

    I shake my head.

    "Ethan ising in the next shift, we have programmed ourselves so that one of us is always here until tomorrow morning, just in case."

    "Thank you, Ezra."

    "You don''t have to thank me. You''re taking one for all of us."

    Before he leaves, he loosens my chains so that I can rest my hands on the floor. It''s much appreciated as the blood had already stopped circting; I couldn''t feel my arms.

    As he locks the cell again, he nods at me and I do the same.

    Maybe now, I can get some rest in preparation for tomorrow.

###Chapter64

    -Noah-

    I open my eyes at the crack of dawn, awakened by the cackling of my friend on the other cell. When Ie to, I notice I feel a lot better; resting really helped me heal and I must have slept at least ten hours.

    Now that I can actually see with both of my eyes, I look around the cell. The smell is the worst thing I have ever smelled, but at least I''m somewhat used to it by now. When my gaze falls on the cell next to mine, I''m spooked to find the same man squatting to my eye level, his face once again pressed on the cell rods.

    "Good morning, princess," he says, his eyes wide. "Good morning to you, Chirp."

    "Chirp? I like that. That''s my name."

    I chuckle humorlessly; this man really is something.

    "You have to find him," he says very seriously, not blinking as he looks at me.

    I turn to him again; noting his serious tone and theck of cackling.

    "Find whom?" I ask.Content ? provided by N?velDrama.Org.

    "You need to find the boy."

    "The boy? King Alistair? I don''t think that''s going to be a problem."

    "No! The other boy! The one I hid!"

    "And where did you hide this boy?" I raise an eyebrow.

    "You have to find the boy. The boy that would be King."

    I frown, wondering if this man is actually being serious now or is just delusional.

    "There is no boy-would-be-King, Chirp."

    "He was two! And I hid him before *he* found out. I did good. Tell the King I did good, please tell the King I did everything I could, that it wasn''t my fault. He was tricked you see! The boy was tricked by that wench! Oh, if I could get my hands on her now..."

    Chirp continue rambling on to himself in the corner now, pulling at his beard hair, which exins the bald spots. I feel sorry for this man, I have a feeling he wasn''t like this before.   Being in this Goddess forsaken ce has turned him into this.

    I remain awake until I can see the sunlight rising from one of the few windows here. Normally, when duty called and it was time to fight. I wouldn''t hesitate, in fact I wouldn''t even be nervous about it. Today is different. I never had anything to lose before, and now all I can think about is Vera. She must be up too, obsessing over today''s n; I can almost feel her anxiety.

    Just as I''m thinking of her, the guards appear at the cell; it''s two of our guys.

    "Morning, boss," one of them says and I roll my eyes. They both chuckle.

    "Sorry, it''s what the other guys are calling you and -"

    "And it stuck, yeah yeah yeah," I interrupt him and they chuckle even more.

    One of themes closer to me and unfastens the chains from the wall, but not my wrists. I look at him with an eyebrow raised.

    "Sorry, the "big man* wants you like this, something about treating you like the dog you are." he shrugs and I sigh. This *King* never ceases to amaze me.

    The other guard hands me some meat pastries and I dly take them.

    "We aren''t due until the King is up which is in about thirty minutes, you''ll need the energy if we want to pull this off."

    I nod and also take the water they brought me.

    "I can''t thank you guys enough for doing this, I know it''s dangerous but..."

    "Are you kidding? We''ve been waiting for this day for years. I can''t wait to feel like I actually have a purpose here."

    I guess Eli was right, but I have a feeling the consensus is more against Alistair than it is *for* me; I''m just the scapegoat. When I''m done eating and drinking. I nod at them and they adopt their proper posture. I turn to Chirp onest time, "Good to meet you, Chirp, see you next time," I say and wink at him.

    He just stares at me, his eyes turning wide and he whispers.

    "You..."

    I don''t have time to marvel at the depths of Chirp''s mind, so I ignore him and follow the guys as they drag me by the chains out of the dungeon and into the main courtyard where executions are normally held.

    When the doors are opened to reveal the courtyard, I''m shocked. The sick son of a bitch actually ns on making a spectacle out of this. The guillotine sits at the middle of hundreds and spectators, both lycan and human. Up ahead and right in front of the guillotine, the bastard has ced the trial seats for the Council and himself. He sits up top, with his stupid ensemble and a fucking crown.

    The guards rough me up a bit, ying their part, then drag me by the chains onto the tform where the guillotine is disyed. They force me on my knees in front of the guillotine, right where my head would go if I''m found guilty, or rather, *when I''m found guilty. The entire crowd is in a fit of murmurs until the King ps his hands. It takes a few minutes for the people to settle down but they eventually do. He speaks. ***Warrior* Noah, you are being tried today for the murder of five of your fellow lycan warriors while on a mission to scout for an enemy, how do you plead?"

    "Guilty, your Highness."

    "And there we have it, he admits to his treason! My dear Council Members, I believe we have heard enough to-"

    "If you will, your Highness, this Council would like to know why someone as highly regarded as Warrior Noah wouldmit such an atrocious crime," says Council Member William.

    I wait for the King''s permission to speak. He rolls his eyes and dismissively waves his hand for me to speak.

    "They attacked me first, Council Member William. Had I not killed them, they would have killed me."

    The crowd erupts in hushed murmurs.

    "And why would they ever dare do that to you,* Warrior Noah?" The King asks, bored out of his mind.

    "Well, your Highness, thest one I left bleeding to death swore it was you who gave the orders to have me killed."

    Now, the crowd really goes wild. They''re openly chattering, gasping, and some are eyeing the King suspiciously.

    Council Member William stands up at my statement but the King... the King is turning all shades of red out of pure anger. Who''sughing now, motherfucker?

###Chapter65

    -Noah-

    "Warrior Noah! Those are very serious usations you''re making against his Highness the King!

    Do you have any proof?!" Council Member William says.

    "Unfortunately, no, I killed all witnesses," I say indifferently.

    "This is sphemous!"

    "How dare you speak to your King in that manner?!"

    The Council Members are outraged while I pick at my ear unceremoniously, further infuriating all of them. This whole acting thing is fun, actually.

    "Gentlemen, please, I can only ry what I was told. The only reason why I came back was to search for answers, otherwise, why not follow my mate to wolf territory? Or are the rumors untrue, your highness? Did you not try to force yourself onto my mate in my absence?"

    More shocked whispers by the crowd and now even some Council Members.

    "Oh, I know *everything* you tried to do to her, I''m d she beat your ass before you could do anything. How does it feel to lose to a girl, your Highness?" I say, my voice heavy as my lycan. has begun to surface.

    Council Member William turns to the King,

    "Your... your Highness... is this true? Did you try to pursue a Wolf?" He''s whispering discreetly, but we can all hear his question.

    Now, the King is irate,

    "You woulde back, Warrior Noah, with wild usations and no proof?! Where is that mate of yours to offer her testimony, huh?! Or is that unmarked wench still rejecting you?!"

    I grind my teeth. Don''t f**k up now, Noah.

    "My mate is safely back home, but I therefore, Your Highness, challenge you to a duel for my mate''s honor!"

    ording to lycan code, as a King he cannot reject a direct challenge like this, but then again he is no real King. "Preposterous! Guards! OFF WITH HIS HEAD!"

    The King is so angry he spits out thest words of his sentence. The guards loyal to him approach me and lean me into the guillotine, cing my head on the nook of the half moon. I close my eyes; this is the moment of truth. The only one who wasn''t being closely monitored by those loyal to the King was Vera, which is why she''s the only one that can make the first move.

    Sweat drips down my forehead as the crowd is going wild. Some are expectant, others are horrified. The guard moves to unleash the rope that holds the guillotine in ce, but just as he''s about to undo the knot, he falls to his knees, shrieking in pain and holding his wrist; his hand has been cleanly cut off. When I raise my head, it''s Vera''s spear that has incrusted itself in the wooden structure.N?velDrama.Org owns ? this.

    You can hear a pin drop in the courtyard with how silent it''s turned.

    Then, a distinctive battle yell.

    This is our signal.

    In the blink of an eye, the entire space has erupted into chaos. People are pushing themselves and tumbling over others to leave the courtyard and get to safety as lycansunch at each other. It''s an us versus them now. One of the guards loyal to the Kinges for me in full lycan form but before he can approach me, he falls to the ground. Standing on his back as he falls is Vera holding a sword and... blood on her cheeks?

    Shees to me with the keys to my chains and frees my wrists. I rub them while studying the fighter marks on her face. She rolls her eyes,

    "It''s Eli''s blood, so that I''m recognized by his scent. Don''t even get me started, I''m just happy I''m an actual doctor and I''ve had way worse on my face."

    I smile at her; it''s just so good to see her again. Even in the middle of all of this, all I can focus on is her.

    "Watch out!" she says as she ducks and a lycanes tumbling onto the tform, searching for me.

    It''s Lenny.

    I grin and let my lycan out in a split second. Oh, how I''ve been waiting for this.

    "Don''t lose sight of the King!" Vera yells at me as she''s fighting off a female lycan that''se for her. She makes quick work of her, having retrieved her spear and slicing the female''s jugr.

    "Hmpf, one of Harriet''s friends," she says disdainfully.

    Lennyunches himself at me, but he''s always been a mediocre fighter at best. Still, I take my time with him, punching in his teeth just as I had wanted tost night.

    I''m done with him in a minute and join Vera at the center of the tform, back to back. Lycans areing for us from all angles to try and kill us. I take a look around and it''s a total bloodbath, yet I can say with confidence most of the blood is theirs. We are joined on the tform by Mason, Eva and Lucas who nod at Vera. She nods back and turns to me,

    "Noah, we''ll cover for you, you know what you have to do."

    I turn to look at all of my friends, fighting; not for me, but for themselves and the future they want to have. I nod at her and leap from the tform, fighting off a couple of guards and some other loyal servants to the King. I notice the Council has already scattered and fear that the King might have run away too, like the coward he is, but he hasn''t. He''s standing on his chair behind his two biggest guards; he hasn''t moved an inch.

    I grin to myself. This is finally it. We will finally be rid of this fucker.

    I continue to fight my way through the crowd, knocking some lycans unconscious and killing others. I lock eyes with the King and grin a wide, vicious grin. I''m so close I can practically smell his fear. He signals for the guards toe to me, and they do, three at a time. I fight them off as theye, inching closer to the King.

    Suddenly, the two massive guards that were closest to him are the only ones left. When they approach me, I note they easily double me in size.

    "Kill him! Your Kingmands it!" Alistair says. I can no longer see him as the two guards tower over me.

    One of them makes the first move, smashing his hands on the ground as I leap up into the air. The other one punches me right in my torso as I''m in the air, knocking the air out of me.

    Ok, so these won''t be as easy as to deal with as the rest. I dodge attack after attack, hoping they'' Il get tired enough for me to attack, but the contrary happens; I''m the one getting tired from evading them. It doesn''t help that I was beaten mercilessly yesterday and I slept chained to a wall.

    After several minutes of fighting off the guards, Eli joins me and together we are able to best the two massive guards. But in all of this ruckus, we lost sight of the target.

    When I turn to look at where Ist saw the King, he isn''t there anymore and nobody knows where he went.

###Chapter66

    -Vera-

    "I just don''t understand where he could''ve gone," Eva says, "It''s like he disappeared, I swear we were keeping an eye on him."

    "It doesn''t matter now, we have to find him," Eli says, angry that the n didn''t work out the way we nned it.

    "Elden, is there any way he escaped through the tunnels?" Noah asks.

    "Well, it''s a possibility he went into the tunnels, but I closed off all of the exits; he''ll die within these castle walls before he makes it out," he says withplete confidence. "Vera, do you think you could help us out?" Eli asks.

    "Sorry," I shrug, "my abilities only work in the forest so far. I can''t track him within the castle walls."

    He disappeared. He just vanished.

    I was keeping an eye on him the entire time we were fighting lycans off, especially when I saw Noah was up against dumb and dumberer who are huge in human form, but as lycans? Complete monsters. And then he was just gone. I lost sight of him for a few seconds as I was getting punched, and when I looked up, he was simply gone. I couldn''t even trace his smell anymore. It really seemed like... magic. Otherwise, the battle was aplete sess. We had lycans loyal to the crown, who despised Alistair for what he did,e inst minute and help just as Eli had nned. We also had many of the guards who weren''t on the loop,e to our side when they realized what we were doing. Everything was working out better than expected, until the King disappeared.

    We have been dealing with the aftermath of the battle for hours now, treating the wounded and cing the bodies of the dead in a pyre that will be part of tonight''s ceremony. Lycans, in likeness to wolves, also cremate their dead.

    As we have kept busy preparing everything, Noah and Eli are nning the next steps. It''s clear the castle is ours now, and everyone here knows it. Now, the real problem is finding the King. He still possibly has ess to the mercenaries he had hired initially, and if he manages to get them to the castle, we will be in huge trouble.

    "Do we have the numbers to make front to an army? Our casualties were very low." I ask Eli, making sure he''s the only one who can hear me.

    He stays silent, grinding his teeth.

    "I don''t think so," he says.

    We are all done with the pyre, and most of our friends have retreated to their rooms to clean up and rest. I stay behind, treating thest lycans that were injured. Some just have minor injuries. others require stitches and even casts which I have to improvise. Once I''m done, I turn in the direction of the staircase that would lead me to our room. When I round up the corner, I''m surprised to find Noah waiting for me at the base of the stairs; I thought he would be with Eli and the rest to keep discussing the n. puts

    his arm on my shoulders and hugs me gently, being mindful that we both are pretty banged up right now; he kisses the top of my forehead.

    "I knew you''d be perfect."

    I smile at this; little does he know how absolutely terrified I was that I would miss the guard and get his neck instead.

    We climb the stairs and make our way to the room.

    "I''ll get a bath going, I can''t stand smelling Eli''s blood on you."

    "You and me both."

    We both undress and head into the shower before the bath is ready. I take in a small rag so that I can scrub all the blood and crust off of him first. When we are all done, we soak in the warm water of the bathtub.

    I sit on hisp, facing him, so I can tend to the wounds on his face. As I''m cleaning some wounds on his neck, he touches my forehead lightly, where I have a cut of my own.

    "You know, I didn''t think you''d fare so well against lycans in their beast form," he says.

    "You know," I mimic him, "I was about toe help you out with those two monsters, you seemed to be struggling."

    Heughs, a real bellyugh that makes my heart flutter. Not to mention what the vibration does to me considering I''m straddling him...pletely naked.

    "You''re healing faster now," he points out.

    I also noticed that. The healing abilities extended beyond his mark; the wound on my forehead was gushing blood only a few hours ago and now it was almostpletely healed.

    "I have you to thank for that." I say, smiling at him.

    He looks at me with a confused frown.

    "Charlotte told me a while ago that when Ethan marked her, some of his healing abilities were transferred to her," I touch my mark, "I guess that works for us too."

    He smiles at me, but there''s something else dancing in his eyes.

    He grabs my neck and crushes his lips to mine, surprising me.

    The kiss is passionate, demanding. He slips his tongue deep into my mouth and I can taste all of him as he holds me in ce by my neck. The gentle pressure of his hand on his mark is driving me crazy and, in no time, I''m ready for him. He slips his free hand down to my sensitive spot, slipping a finger effortless inside me, in and out, in and out. I moan into his mouth, but his tongue doesn''t let up, taking the opportunity to venture further, biting my lips as he goes. My hands instinctively go to his already erect member, stroking him firmly under the water.

    "Goddess," he says, as he throws his head back.

    I don''t know if he nned on taking his time with me, but I''m too impatient. I remove his hand from inside me and position myself so that his member is at my opening. I tease him, rubbing it at my entrance but not letting him in yet. He looks at me, his lycan eyes swirling in his irises. He''s breathing heavily and gripping the tub fiercely with his hands.

    "Payback." I say under my breath, referring to all the times he''s teased me just like this.

    He chuckles, but his hands go to my hips, gripping them tightly and lowering me as he sinks into me; we both groan at the sensation. I grab the lips of the bathtub to steady myself, his heading forward to catch one of my nipples between his lips. I start moving, up and down, slowly, still teasing him. He groans with my breast in his mouth, nibbling at it.

    After a few moments of this, he looks back up at me and it''s clear that ytime is over. He leans back, grabbing my hips once again, lifting and lowering me on him at his pleasure, essentially using me as a s*x doll. I loll my head back as he increases the tempo, water sshing outside of the tub all around us. The sting from where he''s holding my hips adding a new, delicious sensation to the experience. We''re both sweating despite being in the tub.Contentt bel0ngs to N0ve/lDra/ma.O(r)g!

    Just as I''m about to climax, hees forward and stands, lifting my legs so that they''re around him, and carries me to the bed; never mind that we are both soaking wet, in more ways than one.

    He throws me on the bed and flips me on my stomach in one swift movement; then he grabs my hips and raises them towards him, angling me just the way he wants. As he''s standing, he grabs his member and positions it at my entrance, rubbing my clit and all my wetness, causing me to begin climbing again; with his other hand ced on my back, he lowers my chest onto the bed.

    He enters me in one quick, deliberate move, grabbing my hips with both hands to keep me in ce. This new angle is hitting all the right spots inside me and in only a couple of strokes, I''m already inching closer to my release. I arch my back more, lifting my hips further to meet his strokes. The sound of him thrusting into me is driving me crazy; without warning. I''m moaning loudly into the bed, spasming as I o****m.

    In three more powerful strokes, Noah moans, throwing his head back as he releases himself inside me; I feel the hot, thick liquid pouring into me.

    We''re both left panting and sweaty as we recover from our orgasms. Noah flops on the bed, grabbing my waist and hugging me to him. He''s kissing my head, forehead, nose, lips, and cheeks, until we both fall into an incredibly well deserved nap.

###Chapter67

    -Vera-

    I wake up after a few hours feeling rested and realize I fell asleep on Noah''s chest. He''s caressing my "You know, I would''ve killedst night for this, a bed with you in it." he says.

    "I was wondering how you managed to sleepst night, that thing smelled disgusting."

    "I''m guessing you didn''t sleep so well yourself," he says.

    I blush.

    I in fact didn''t sleep at all worrying about him and missing him in bed. He continues stroking my hair "You know, it was better than I thought, and Chirp entertained me for a while - Oh Goddess, I forgot a "Chirp?"

    "This old prisoner next to my cell. He looks like he''s been there a long time, he''s gone mad." "Poor man."

    "I''ll tell the guards to set him free before the pyre ceremony, I can''t let him stay down there any longe There''s a hesitant knock on the door,

    "Uh, hey, boss?"

    I arch my brow and look at Noah,

    "Boss, huh? I like that, I might start calling you that in bed."

    Heughs and gets up.Content ? provided by N?velDrama.Org.

    "Please do."

    He wraps a towel around his waist and cracks the door open, just enough to see who it is. Noah begin make my way to the bathroom in my tiptoes to wash up. After a few minutes, Noah joins me, dropping

    He ps my butt as he makes his way in and I giggle,

    "If you keep this up, I don''t think we''ll make it to the ceremony," I tease.

    Hees up behind me, caressing my breasts with both hands and kissing my neck.

    "Is that a threat?" He says against my neck.

    "On the contrary, it''s a challenge." I tell him, letting my head fall back on his chest.

    stretch out, feeling inevitably sore. I turn my face up to look at him and he kisses my forehead.

    peaks, irp"

    g to whomever is at the door but I can''t make out what they''re saying; instead, I vel on the floor.

    He continues nibbling at my neck and caressing my breasts, as one hand slowly makes its way down, right where I want it.

    And then, to my annoyance, there''s a loud, intrusive knock on the door. Noah stops and turns towards the direction of the door. "It''s Ezra, I have to go."

    "Noo!" I protest, grunting as his hand makes its way back up, towards my chin; he lifts it up gently to kiss me and he leaves the bathroom.

    I was practically panting already and now he''s leaving.

    Noah is getting dressed outside the bathroom but pops his head in,

    "Come find me in the courtyard as soon as you''re done, the ceremony will start in about an hour.

    "Tell Ezra I''m gonna kill him." I say through gritted teeth.

    Noahughs and I hear the main door shut, meaning I''m alone now.

    I take my time to wash my hair this time; It''s been so long since I''ve tended to it. I also intended on cleaning up the wound on my forehead but it''spletely healed; amazing.

    Once I''m done, I get dressed in regr jeans and a ck t-shirt. There is no protocol as to what to wear for these ceremonies, at least not one that I''m aware of.

    When I enter the courtyard, most of the lycans are already there, including our friends. I find Noah in the middle of a crowd and instead of disturbing him, I find something else to do.

    I walk around for a bit, noting how there''s an overall feeling of relief and calmness, one that I had never experienced here before. It really is something considering Alistair has been gone for less than 24 hours and already people feel better here. I smile to myself; this is all thanks to Eli and Noah.

    As the crowd around the pyre continues to grow, I stay in a corner, observing everyone walking around as if a weight had been lifted off of their shoulders. Then, it''s time to start the ceremony.

    Eli steps in front of the pyre, looking solemn as he speaks,

    "Brothers and sisters, it is with a heavy heart that we stand here, mourning the death of ourrades to such a noble cause," the entire crowd is silent, "as some of you may know, this has been a long timeing. For many more than two decades we have been serving an undeserving King, a coward King, and a treacherous King, but now, all of our prayers have been answered! From now on we will serve with purpose! With pride! We will finally have a worthy King, a true King! All hail, King Noah!"

    Eli gestures to Noah and he steps forward; the crowd goes wild, cheering for him and chanting his name. I have goosebumps all over my arms from the emotion in the room.

    Noah steps forward, carrying a live me on one of his hands.

    "Brothers and sisters," everyone goes silent again, "I have always fought for you and alongside you, and I will continue to do so for as long as I shall live. Tonight, however, we don''t celebrate this new era for lycans, tonight, we honor those who fought bravely and helped us trace this new path, a path worthy for us and our children. Tonight, we mourn and tomorrow we celebrate when we have Alistair''s head!"

    The crowd again goes wild, roaring like maniacs and chanting Noah''s name once again. He nears the me to the pyre, starting it as the crowd chants in a battle cry manner; it''s their way of mourning the warriors they lost.

    Coming from such a different culture, it really is fascinating to observe lycans from up close. They have apletely different perception of death. While wolves mourn the fact that we won''t again see our loved ones in this lifetime, lycans celebrate their deaths as the highest honor.

    When the pyre is fully ignited, the crowd has broken down into groups. Some are drinking heavily, others are less boisterous, talking andughing amongst themselves. I walk towards Noah now that there aren''t as many people around him. I notice as I make my way to him that Elden is actually here, off to a corner on his own. I think of going to him first but Noah spots me and calls me over. He has a beer on his hand and I''m pretty sure he''s tipsy.

    "There she is."

    I go to his side and he hugs me.

    "Our hero!" Ezra says and I narrow my eyes at him,

    "You and I need to have a little talk about something." I point at him usingly and he and Noah burst outughing, tears in their eyes. They''re definitely drunk.

    We keep chatting andughing about Noah''s childhood, how he was always pranking Eli and the other teachers but nobody ever dared give him away because he''d kick their asses; everyone else would get med but Noah. Judging from Eli''s reaction, this is the first time he''s hearing about it and he''s not happy, causing even me tough. "Hey, boss!" One of the younger guards approaches us, "we did as you asked, here''s the prison- I''m sorry, Chirp."

    An old manes up behind the guard, looking extremely fragile and malnourished. He can''t really walk right; he''s being aided by the other guard. Instinctively, I go to him, my doctor brain kicking in and assessing his condition, hoping toe up with a treatment n if possible.

    "I told you I''d see you again, Chirp." Noah says, smiling at him.

    When I get close to him, I take over holding his hand as support, and something happens. It''s as if something clicks as he looks at me. His eyes suddenly don''t look lost, he looks focused. He turns his attention to Noah, and walks towards him without letting go of my arm.

    He approaches Noah, maybe a little too close, and reaches for him with his free hand. He''s inspecting his hair, his eyes, he even lifts Noah''s lips to inspect his teeth. The entire thing is incredibly bizarre and now everyone still in the courtyard is staring at the scene. "Ok, ok," Noah says, taking Chirp''s hand and cing it to his side, "I missed you too."

    "I knew it." Chirp says, his expressionpletely serious.

    Elden hase out of his corner and is now behind Noah, looking extremely shocked.

    "It can''t be," Elden says, sniffing the air and approaching us tentatively.

    Hees up and touches Chirp''s face lightly, unsure, examining his features.

    "No, no this can''t be."

    "It''s good to see you again, my friend."

    "Beta Caleb," Elden says, "It''s been too long, old friend."

###Chapter68

    -Vera-

    A pregnant silence follows Elden''s shocking reveal. Nobody is moving, it feels like nobody is even breathing. I look over to Noah who is looking between Elden and Chirp- Beta Caleb with a frown.

    The silence is interrupted by a loud chirping noise,ing from Beta Caleb, followed by manicughter. "Vera, help me take him to his room, quick."

    Elden steps to Beta Caleb''s other side and we quickly leave the courtyard, heading towards the stairs. Beta Caleb continuesughing and sagging against us. Getting him up the stairs takes a few minutes but we manage to do it, walking quickly to one of thergest rooms in the castle: the Beta''s chambers. "Here, I''ll hold him, you open the doors."

    The doors are naturally stuck from being shut for so many years, a thickyer of grime and dusting from under the doors when I finally manage to open them.

    Elden walks inside with Beta Caleb,

    "Shut the door behind us."

    I enter the room and do as I''m told.

    "Remove the top sheets, please. This bed smells disgusting." he tells me.

    Again, I do as he tells me and remove the topyers of the bedding which are indeed dirty beyond imagination. The bed itself however isn''t that bad; it''s been protected from the dust all these years by theyers I just removed. Elden moves Beta Caleb and sits him on the edge of the bed.

    "Stay here," he tells me, retreating to the door, "don''t let him leave, and don''t let anyone see him like this."

    I nod, dumbfounded. I''m still processing what just happened out there.

    Beta Caleb, Alistair''s father and former Beta to King Alexander... is alive. He''s not only alive, but he''s gone insane.

    He sits right now on the edge of the bed just staring absently at the space in front of him; he doesn''t even seem to recognize his own room.

    I keep myself busy by making sure the lights in the room work and that there is running water in the bathroom. I don''t know how long Beta Caleb has gone without a proper bath, but it seems like it''s been a while; he smells like the dungeons.

    As I''m preparing a bath, there''s a knock on the door. The hairs on my arms stand in awareness.

    I go to open the door and Noah is waiting outside rather sheepishly.

    "Can Ie in?" He asks.

    I open the door wider for him toe in and join us.

    "Elden is gone, Goddess knows where, I''m hoping hees back soon."This belongs to N?velDrama.Org - ?.

    Noah steps forward in the room, regarding Beta Caleb and his absent stare into nothingness.

    "He has moments of lucidity, I noticed it too back in the dungeons, but I could have never imagined..." he trails off, "how could he do this to his own father?"

    I know exactly what he means.

    "Do you know what this means?" Noah continues, "the answer was right under our noses the entire time, and we had no idea. A Beta is perfectly capable of taking over Royal duties without incident.   All of these years, all this time, wasted under Alistair''smand."

    "Noah, there was no way any of you could''ve known. Alistair kept him very well hidden, and if he didn''t want him found, he was never going to be."

    "I think there was a reason for it. Back in the cells, he was telling me about a two year old boy he hid, and said that he was the rightful king."

    "The rightful King? How is that possible? King Alexander didn''t have a son."

    Suddenly, Beta Caleb snaps his head, turning to look at us. It takes us both by surprise and we shup up, expecting him to say something, but he doesn''t. He just stares at us, primarily focused on Noah.

    After a few minutes, Noah moves closer to him carefully as to not scare him.

    "Hey Chirp, how are you feeling?"

    "Ha. Chirp. That''s my name," he says with humor, carefully watching Noah as he approaches.

    Noah crouches down in front of him.

    "Remember that boy you were telling me about? The boy-would-be-King? You need to tell me where to find him. I have no intentions of keeping the throne from a rightful heir. Do you remember where you hid him?" "Noah..." I caution. It isn''t wise to fluster someone who is mentally unstable. Perhaps after some treatment and therapy this question won''t be overwhelming, but as it stands, it could make him snap.

    Beta Caleb starts rocking back and forth in the bed, staring directly at Noah but not saying a word.

    "Noah, I think we better let him rest, I''m drawing a bath for him maybe that will calm him."

    As I''m saying that, Eldenes in through the door with a basket filled with herbs. I can smell chamomile, lemongrass,vender and many others.

    "Oh good, you''re already drawing a bath," he says and proceeds to the bathroom to dunk all of the herbs into the water, stirring them in with his hand, "help me get him in."

    I go forward to help him but Noah stops me,

    "I''ll do it."

    He carries Beta Caleb to the bathroom, ridding him of the horrible robe he was wearing, then he carefully puts him in the bathtub where Elden is waiting with a sponge. "There, there. This will make you feel better."

    Elden is bathing Beta Caleb carefully and Noah and I step out of the bathroom to give him some privacy.

    "Where do you think he could have hidden such a boy? A Royal baby can''t be easily hidden. much less a toddler." I ask.

    "I don''t even know if it''s true, V. He might just be delusional; maybe all those years in the dungeons altered his memories. Besides he''d be what? 25 or 26 already? Surely he would''ve imed the throne by now." About twenty minutes go by until Elden emerges from the bathroom with Beta Caleb. He looks a lot better now that he''s clean, and smells a lot better too.

    Carefully, Eldenys him on the bed for him to rest, but as soon as he sees Noah again, he jolts up; this time, he''s tearing up.

    "I served my King. I served my King well. Oh Elden, will you tell him? Will you tell the King I saved his boy?"

    Elden is looking at him perplexed,

    "Caleb, our King had no children, he was unmated," he says gently.

    "No! No no no! He had a son, a hidden mate. For two years I kept the secret of his birth, and for twenty-four years I kept the secret of his existence from my boy. Please tell him I did good. please tell him to forgive my boy." He has tears flowing freely down his cheeks.

    We are staring at him, confused. Elden tries to shush him gently but he won''t stop crying.

    "I will, my friend, I will, but then tell me, where is this boy you speak of?"

    With a very serious expression, Beta Caleb raises a shaky hand and points it at Noah.

###Chapter69

    -Vera-

    I gasp, my hands flying to cover my mouth. Elden is equally shocked and as mouth hangs open. We''re both staring between Beta Caleb and Noah, trying to figure out if there is any semnce of truth in what Chirp is saying. Noah frowns, but doesn''t say a word. He approaches Beta Caleb and puts a hand on his forehead.

    "It''s ok, Chirp. I will tell him you did good; you did everything you had to do. Now, you have to get some sleep."

    Beta Caleb smiles at Noah''sforting words andys down on the bed again, closing his eyes and breathing peacefully. In only a few minutes, he''s sound asleep. The bath Elden prepared for him and thefortable bed he''s on are working their magic. Elden and Noah quietly move away from him, joining me by the door.

    "Nobody hears from this until we have confirmation that this is true, we can''t im such wild allegations without solid evidence," Elden whispers to us.

    "Elden, Chi - Beta Caleb is insane. We can''t possibly believe what he''s saying. We know who my father was, he imed me before he died, Eli will tell you. There is no point in entertaining Beta Caleb''s idea."

    Elden narrows his eyes at him.

    "Follow me," he says.

    We leave the room silently and follow Elden, not before telling two of the guards to watch the Beta chambers so that Chirp won''t be disturbed.

    Heading towards the staircase that leads to the library, Noah gives me a look and rolls his eyes. For some reason, I''m not as dismissive of the notion, in great part because Elden guards many secrets to this castle and the royal family; if he''s entertaining the idea, there must be a reason.

    When we reach the library, Elden sniffs around before entering, making sure we''re not being followed. I find myself double checking as well.

    Once we''re inside, Elden retreats to one of his dark corners but Noah and I stay by the door, unsure if we should follow him.

    All of a sudden, bright moonlight shines in from the direction where Elden went, and then more and more light. I''m having trouble deciphering where it''sing from until Elden rounds up the corner, dragging heavy drapes across the floor. He proceeds to reveal even more floor to ceiling windows right in front of us with borate stained ss designs. I never knew these windows existed.

    He continues to round up the corner and now the library is as bright as if it were daylight pouring in. I gasp, the library is even more majestic this way, with the intricate designs creating a kaleidoscope effect on the space.

    Eldenes back from the corner and joins us in the middle.

    "Come." he says.

    We follow behind him, admiring how much more open the space looks now. Elden stops and we turn to look at what we stopped in front of. It''s one of the doors to enter the tunnel, the one covered by a portrait of a man. Only now that I can see him better, he has dirty blonde hair and caramel colored eyes. He has some resemnce to Noah, but nothing striking.

    "This is King Alexander, or rather thest portrait left of King Alexander. The first thing Alistair did when he came to power was burn all portraits of him and his father before him. It was his way of deleting him from history. This is the only thing I managed to save." "I always wondered what he looked like. Eli and all the other teachers would talk secretly about him to us, but we never saw pictures."

    Elden nods and he looks at us, expectant.

    After a few minutes,

    "Yeah, I don''t see it," Noah says.

    "There is some resemnce but it''s nothing striking." I say honestly, looking at Noah and back at the portrait.

    Elden rolls his eyes, "Come along, then."

    We follow him to the other side of the library, to the door through which I first exited the castle. This is the one with the portrait of a woman.

    "This portrait came in after Alistair had won, so when it came in, I just stashed it here to hide it. It wasmissioned by King Alexander long before his demise. I can''t actually see it, but I was told it''s of a woman. What do you see?"

    My mouth hangs open and I quickly cover it with my hand, taking a step forward. The resemnce is uncanny. She has the same color of hair as Noah, and some of her facial features resemble his; but what is undeniable is the eye color. Whomever painted this portrait made sure to capture her eye color in great detail, and it''s exactly how I would paint Noah''s eyes; she has the same specs of gold dancing in her irises.

    "Noah..." I say, but when I turn to him, he''s looking at the portrait, shocked.

    "This doesn''t mean anything. Elden, it''s just a couple of paintings and we don''t even know who she is." he finally says.

    "I know, which is why we have to investigate further. Caleb did say King Alexander took in a secret mate, and I think this could have been her."Content ? provided by N?velDrama.Org.

    I keep looking back and forth between Noah and the woman, having no doubt in my mind that this is his mother.

    "Leave it to me. I''ll find out, but again, I suggest this stays between us until we can prove it."

    Noah and I nod at Elden and go our separate ways. Elden stays in the library, disappearing off into some corner as usual, and Noah and I head down to the courtyard again.

    The ce is deserted already and the pyre has all but burnt out. We step outside the castle, greeting the night guards as we go. Wey just outside the castle, on the grass, staring up at the full moon.

    We stay silent for a long time, lost in our thoughts. I''m mainly worried about what''s going on inside Noah''s head after such a big revtion; it seems to me like he''s in a bit of denial still.

    "It makes no sense," he says. I turn to look at him and he continues, "why would King Alexander have a secret mate? And why would they hide a child? You''d think they would celebrate having a male heir..." he trails off.

    "I think we have to wait to see what Eldenes up with, but Noah... you can''t deny that it''s very possible that those are your parents, King Alexander and that woman."

    "Howe nobody knew? Had we not found Beta Caleb, we wouldn''t know any of this."

    "A two-year-old is pretty easy to kill; Alistair wouldn''t have let you live."

    We stay silent another while, just staring up at the stars. Then, Noah stands up and offers me his hand.

    "I''m tired, and we have a big day ahead of us tomorrow. We should get some sleep."

    I smile and take his hand, walking hand in hand back into the castle and into our room, for some well-deserved rest.

###Chapter70

    -Vera-

    The next morninges along faster than I''d like. I turn around and extend my arm to the other side of the bed, searching for Noah but I hear the shower running; he''s already getting ready. I yawn and stretch, getting up to join him in the shower. When Ie in, he has his eyes closed, letting the water stream down on his head. I take a minute to admire the physique on this man; his toned abs, legs and arms look absolutely delicious; and then, I let my gaze linger one of my favorite parts hanging between his legs. "See anything you like?"

    He''s staring at me, catching me shamelessly ogling him. I blush, but still step into the shower with him. I take the rag and soap, soaping up his back. When I''m done, he returns the favor, washing my entire body before we have to go out and face our new reality. "Did you get any sleepst night?" I ask him as we towel ourselves dry.

    "Barely," he says.

    We continue getting ready. We''re in casual clothes; jeans and a t-shirt. Before we''repletely done, Eli is knocking at the door.

    Noah goes to let him in as I grab my spear and hang it on my back.

    "Good morning your Royal Highnesses," he smiles, sarcastically, "we have a busy day ahead of us so I suggest you keep up."

    He turns around and begins walking. Noah gives me a look and we both follow behind him. It''s around 5:00 AM and most of the people are still asleep. "First thing''s first, we have to meet with the Council andy down the new rules."

    "Which are?" I ask.

    "Well, it''s quite simple," he says as he opens the door to the Council meeting room, "either they ept Noah as the new King or they get decapitated."

    He''s smiling as he opens the doors wide and we step in, no doubt picturing the decapitation of one these poor souls; a chill runs down my spine. The Council is already sitting around the grand table, leaving only one spot at the head designated for the King. None of them stand as Noah takes the empty seat, followed closely behind by myself and Eli. Once he sits, he looks back up at me as I stand beside him. I smile at him, letting him know this is fine; I don''t mind standing.

    "Gentlemen," Eli speaks, "your new King doesn''t need any introduction, of course, but from now on you shall address him as His Highness, His Royal Highness, or King. Is that clear?"

    One of the Council members stands up angrily, his seat scooting back and falling and his face bright red.

    "You will NEVER be King. *Warrior* Noah, you hear me?! What you did was a disgrace! We have ways, we have protocol, and you just shitted on all of it!"

    "I suggest you sit down, Council member, or this will be a shorter meeting than I intend it to be," Noah says. His voice is thick, clearly indicating that his lycan is just below the surface.

    The Council member does not sit down and instead looks at Noah disdainfully. He huffs and angrily begins walking to the exit. Eli looks at me and nods in the direction of the door. In a moment, I unsheathe my spear and throw it to intercept the Council member. It incrusts itself on the wood, only a few inches away from the Council member''s head. He stops cold in his tracks, his face looking rather pale as he stares at his reflection on the metal of the weapon.

    "|

    I suggest you listen to your King. Council member." I say a little too sweetly. "I didn''t get much sleepst night, I might miss next time."

    I see the adam''s apple on the council member''s neck bob up and down. He slowly steps away from where he was almost impaled by my spear and moves back to his seat, picking up the chair and sitting on it.

    "First order of business, I''m not going to force anyone to support me as King, you can leave* after you''ve heard what I have to say and then decide if this is something you want to be a part of or not. We did not do what we did on impulse, and if there would''ve been any other solution, we would''ve taken it, but there wasn''t. It shouldn''t be a secret to you how much Alistair was despised in this castle; how many warriors, healers, and schrs deserted after he became King. it is also no secret to *any* of you "how he became King." he makes a point to look directly at the Council member that spoke earlier, "but now, all of that changes. If there is any legitimate im to the throne, it will be evaluated fairly, honestly, and with the well-being of *all* lycans taken into ount." Eli looks at him sideways but gives nothing away. I know he''s confused by what Noah just said but we can''t tell him anything, not yet. Noah continues,

    "We will be looking at the financial situation of the entire kingdom over the next couple of days. There have been some troubling reports from beyond the castle that evidence just how mismanaged it has been. There is a shortage of crops being reported from the east and attacks by rogues from the south. Any idea what King Alistair was doing about all of this?"

    The Council members remain quiet for a moment, looking at each other. One brave voice speaks,

    "Uhm, if I may?" Council member William says as he stands, "a party of ten was sent to the south to deal with the rogues a month ago, we never heard back from them. In regards to the crop shortage, we didn''t... we didn''t do anything... King - Alistair didn''t think they were being truthful, merely trying to avoid their taxes."

    I stare at him in disbelief and Noah runs his hand through his face in annoyance.

    "You''ve got to be kidding me. Ten warriors to deal with a rogue invasion to one of our most crucial territories."

    Noah sighs,

    "Ok. What else should I know about?"

    The meeting proceeds for many hours more. Eventually, I get tired of standing and retreat to one of the chairs at the back designated for guards. Eli joins me eventually,pletely satisfied with how Noah is handling the meeting. "Would you look at that, the kid is a natural; it''s like he was born for this," he whispers to me.Content ? provided by N?velDrama.Org.

    I simply smile. If only he knew just how right he might be.

    "Do you think they''llply? I''m afraid we have a couple of wolves dressed as sheep amongst us." I point out.

    "Certainly, but they''ll be revealed in time. Noah has the support of his warriors and soon will have the support of all the kingdom, I have no doubt."

    "I admire your positivity."

    "You mean to tell me you don''t think he can do it?" He raises an eyebrow at me.

    "I mean to say, Alistair is still out there up to Goddess knows what. Before dealing with all of this, we should be hunting him down to the ends of the earth."

    "And we will, we have warriors scouting for him as we speak, it''s only a matter of time before he shows up."

    The entire table stands, including Noah, and we stand with them.

    "We will meet again after lunch. Again, if you are not on board with my proposals, I suggest you don''t return. If you don''t return, you will be given 48 hours to get your affairs in order, pack up your stuff, and get the hell out."

    A couple of Council members nod and take their leave, others are left whispering amongst themselves off to a corner, taking turns to throw scornful looks our way. I retreat my spear from the door frame and make sure to look at them as I do; it''s a very clear threat to them and I''m hoping, for their sake, they understood.

    Eli and I join Noah and head to the dining halls.

    "If I have to listen to one moreint about the state of the Councils'' quarters, I''m going to lose my shit," he says under his breath.

    I chuckle.

    As we''re about to enter the dining hall, something catches my eye off to a corner and I find Elden partially hidden. He beckons me over and I share a look with Noah; he nods and I head over to where Elden is.

    "Wolf, I need your help. Come with me."

    "Can I just have lunch firs -"

    "Quick." he says.

    I grunt but follow him, hoping this is worth losing my lunch over.

###Chapter71

    -Vera-

    Elden walks quickly to the Beta''s chambers and I follow close behind. When we get there, the guards are gone and he opens the doors. I step inside to find Beta Caleb sitting in front of at window and looking out with that distant look of his. He seems fine otherwise.

    "I need you to try to heal him."

    "Uhm, what?"

    "Thest time he had a moment of lucidity was when you touched him, back at the pyre ceremony, maybe it helped him."

    "But I touched himter too and it did nothing for him."

    "Vera, please. Just try."

    "Elden, I could just as well fry his brain. I don''t know how to use my magic yet."

    "Just go by what you feel," he says as he takes my arm and guides me to Beta Caleb.

    I sigh butply. I kneel in front of Beta Caleb, taking a good look at him first. His beard has been shaven and his hair neatly cut; there is a semnce of the man he used to be.

    "Did you do this?" I ask Elden, wondering about the haircut.

    "It hurt my soul to see him in such disarray," he says.

    "What is your connection to him, anyway?" I ask.

    He growls lightly at me with a frown.

    "Ok, ok. Here goes nothing."

    I close my eyes, and try to ''go with the feeling'' as Elden says, remembering the one time I touched the Moon Peonies and felt my intentions flow through to the flowers. I rub my hands together, concentrating, and then take Beta Caleb''s hands in mine.

    I stay like this for several minutes, with my eyes closed and focused on Beta Caleb, but I can''t feel anything happen. With the Moon Peonies there was electricity running down my fingertips. but right now there isn''t even the hint of a spark. I sigh,

    "I''m sorry, Elden. I can''t feel anything happening."

    When I open my eyes, I find that Beta Caleb has closed his eyes and is resting against the chair. Great, I managed to put him to sleep.

    "It''s ok," Elden says, defeated, "I just needed to know."

    He pauses,

    "To answer your earlier question, I was Caleb''s teacher back in the day. He was one of my first students and one of the most brilliant and honorable men I ever had the pleasure of teaching; and King Alexander? Oh, King Alexander was something special. He was everything I would ever hope a King would be. He was finally going to bring along absolute peace for the Kingdom, I was sure of it! His father made peace with your kind, and with witches gone, we only had to further nurture that rtionship to be the Kingdom I always knew we could be. But then, Alistair took a piss on all of that."

    Elden moves to a small table in front of another window, grabbing a ss and filling it up with what I think is wine. He pours a second ss for me. I join him and we both drink. It''s very good wine, albeit on an empty stomach.

    "All of them were spectacr, and all of them were stolen of their greatness," he says bitterly as he empties his ss and pours himself more wine.

    This further exins why he hated Alistair so much, and why he stepped down from his Council position.

    "Do you think he will ever get better?" I ask him, looking at Beta Caleb.

    "I don''t have much hope. Maybe he can have some moments of lucidity now that he''s in a better situation, but I believe his mind is too far gone."

    I look down at my ss, feeling sad that this would happen to him at the hands of his own son. I also feel incredibly grateful, knowing that if Noah is in fact King Alexander''s son, Beta Caleb protected him despite paying the ultimate price: losing his son and his mind. "Elden, I''m going to do everything I can to help him, maybe my aunt and grandmother can teach me."

    He smiles and pats my hand.

    "I appreciate that," he says.

    I excuse myself and head out, hoping there is still something left for lunch. As I''m making my way through the castle, on my way to the kitchen, I stop suddenly at the entrance to one of the courtyards, my ears ringing. Something is guiding me there and I know better than to ignore this feeling.

    Soon enough, I''m making my way to Charlotte''s garden, the ringing in my ear bing stronger with every step. I step inside and find Charlotte reading on one of the benches. She greets me but I can''t really hear what she says. I turn to look at the Moon Peonies and they''re glowing; the ringing ising from them.

    I kneel in front of them, cupping one of them in my hands, almost like in a trance. I examine them closely, finding that not only are they glowing, they''re actually vibrating. A couple of petals drop into my palms and with that, the ringing, glow and vibration stops. I snap out of it immediately, shaking my head. I look down at the petals in my hands, wondering what all of this was about. Charlotte is kneeling in front of me with a concerned expression.

    "I''m... I''m sorry... I don''t know what that was about," I say, trying to brush it off and to erase her worry, "did you also see that or was it just me?"

    "See what?" she asks.

    "The flowers were glowing just now."

    "The only thing I saw glowing was your ne," she says.

    "My... ne?"

    I look down at the ne Doctor Owens gave me. I don''t see it glowing and I turn to Charlotte.

    "Maybe we''re both imagining things," she smiles, helping me up.

    I take her hand and we both smile. This is a little awkward, who knows what Charlotte must be thinking after what she just saw.

    "Oh, hey." I say, "I hadn''t had the chance to thank you for giving me these." I gesture at the petals, "they''re the only way I managed to escape the King."

    "So it''s true?" she asks, "I knew that man gave me the creeps, I told Ethan the minute I saw him. I knew he was up to no good with you, us girls just have that sixth sense you know." I smile at her,

    "Unfortunately, I do."

    I stay here catching up with Charlotte about everything that has happened since Ist saw her. She was immediately aware of my mark and she congratted me on it, winking and making me blush.

    It feels good to have a normal conversation with someone that doesn''t involve war plots and murder and all of the unpleasantness we have been exposed to recently.

    "You know, I''ve been reading up on Moon Peonies and they say they have amazing healing properties when ingested," she mentions, ncing at the petals in my hands.

    "Really? But they''re poisonous."

    "Well, it''s like selective poison," she takes one of the petals between her fingers, "see? They burnt Harriet and the King, but they don''t burn you, Ethan, or me. I still haven''t figured out how that works."Content ? provided by N?velDrama.Org.

    I examine the flowers closely. If they do have healing properties, maybe Elden could make Beta Caleb a tea with them and see what happens.

    I thank Charlotte and head back into Beta Caleb''s room. Maybe this is why my ears were ringing and the flowers offered me their petals; it sounds ridiculous, even to me with everything I have experienced this past month, but I have to try.

###Chapter72

    -Noah-N?vel/Dr(a)ma.Org - Content owner.

    When I enter the dining hall, without Vera, everyone stops eating and stares at me. They don''t know if they should stand, as they did with Alistair whenever he walked into a room, or if they should just ignore me like any other warrior, which I was less than 48 hours ago.

    The silence is beginning to annoy me as I make my way to fix myself some food, the female lycans even attempt to take my te from me and serve me themselves. I try to politely wave them off and thank them, but they''re quite insistent. In the end, I just take my food and sit with my normal group of people. Once I sit, it''s like everyone is holding their breath to see what I do; so, I just start eating normally, like I always do, not minding the stares.

    Ethan, Ezra, and Mason are sitting next to me and in front of me biting their cheeks so they don''tugh. I growl at them slightly, challenging them to say something.

    "So how do you like the stir fry, *Your Highness*?" Ezra asks,pletely serious.

    "Would you like for me to cut your steak, King Noah?" Ethan asks.

    "Or here, Your Highness," Mason says, "let me just..." he proceeds to ce a f*****g napkin in my cor.

    The silence in the entire room is deafening.

    I stare at all three cheeky bastards and unceremoniously grab my stir fry with my hand and spread it all over Ethan''s face. The mouths of the other two hang open as they stare back and forth between Ethan and myself. I picked Ethan for this specifically because he finds this absolutely disgusting; I''m just waiting for his reaction.

    "It''s on, motherfucker," he says as he takes food in his hands and throws it violently my way. only I grab Mason by his neck and ce his face directly in the line of fire. It misses me, but it gets Mason good.

    There''s another minute of silence as the entire room registers what just happened.

    Then Mason yells,

    "FOOD FIGHT!"

    All hell breaks loose.

    There is food flying everywhere, the female lycans have run into the kitchen to hide, and the youngsters are even on the tables, running away from their elders whom they took the opportunity to soil with food. It''splete chaos and I absolutely love it. Even Eli has joined in after one of his students threw a bowl of pasta his way.

    This right here reminds me of the old days, when we were young and would get into food fights at least once a month and had to pay a very heavy price for it; cleaning up, extra hours of training, morebat hours, moreps around the castle, so on and so forth. It was worth it every single time.

    By the end, there is no more food left to throw around and we are all exhausted from the action and fromughing so much. When wepose ourselves, I look around at all the mess we caused. All of us, no exceptions, are absolutely disgusting, covered in all types of food head to toe. The floor, the walls, and inexplicably the chandeliers and ceiling also have food stuck to them.

    Everyone is looking sheepishly at me, probably waiting for me to snap. I clear my throat and look at all of them.

    "Anyone below the age of 16 has to stay here and clean. The rest of you, back to work!" I say,pletely serious. I can only imagine how stupid I look giving orders whilepletely covered with food.

    I hear all the youngsters groan andin, one even has the audacity to answer back.

    "But you started it! It''s not fair!"

    "That''s no way to speak to your King!" One of the teachers scolds him.

    "It''s ok," I say, "young man, it''s not about who starts a fight, it''s about who finishes it, and from what I saw, you were thest one to throw that bowl of sd." I point to the empty bowl still in his hands. Ethan, Ezra, Mason and the rest of our group burst outughing.

    I clear my throat again, feigning seriousness, "Alright, let''s get to it."

    As I leave the dining hall, I see out of the corner of my eye the female lycansing out and handing the youngsters buckets with water and mops; I also hear their collective groans.

    I smile to myself, on the verge ofughter, as I make my way to the kitchen to ask the cooks to prepare something for Vera for when shees back. Next, I head in for a quick shower and coffee before entering the hours long torment that is my meeting with the Council.

    At the meeting, I was pleasantly surprised to find that most of the Council members came back for the second round. It was my understanding that they were not at all pleased with the change in management but of course, they want to keep as much power and influence as they can.

    The rest of the meeting was spent addressing their various concerns due to the coup; most of which had to do with their benefits as Council members, and of course, their pay, and very little to do with the well-being of the kingdom. One of them even suggested they get the pay of the ones that left evenly distributed amongst themselves for ''picking up their ck."

    When the meeting is over, I at least managed to draw and agree on an agenda for the next meetings and changes that would be implemented right away, which included not taxingmunities affected by drought or grain shortage. They were obviously not pleased, but agreed nheless. "Alright, Council session over, we will meet here tomorrow at the same time. You are all dismissed," I say.

    Most of them bow their heads my way as a sign of respect as they leave, others won''t even look my way. I make a mental note to remind them that they have a very simple choice to make; either they get with the program, or they can get the f**k out of this castle. I don''t even know what time it is when the meeting finally ends, all I know is that I''m hungry and I haven''t heard anything from Vera since she took off with Elden.

    When I make my way back to the dining hall, there''s nobody here; it really must bete. I open the doors to the dining hall, expecting for it to bepletely empty, but instead I find Vera eatingpletely alone on a table. Her eyes find mine as soon as I spot her and she smiles at me.

    This is all I need after a very long day.

    I close the gap between us and sit next to her, giving her a quick kiss; her lips cold from the ice in her drink.

    "So, I leave you alone for a few hours and you get food on the chandelier?" She says, pointing at the chandelier at the center of the room with her fork.

    Iugh,

    "I actually think that was one of the young ones."

    "They hate you, you know? It''s barbaric to have them clean this entire hall," sheughs.

    "Hey, it builds character. It certainly helped mine."

    "Well, the cooks and other cleaning staff were very grateful, perhaps that''s why they made us dessert," she points at the cake she''s eating.

    I smile at her, feeling incredibly lucky that I get to have some moments of normalcy with the love of my life; and that she''s not the least bit spooked by everything happening in my life right now.

    I open my mouth to speak, but her eyes dart to the entrance of the dining hall. I turn around, following her gaze.

    Elden is looking directly at us, his eyes wide and looking rather pale.

###Chapter73

    -Vera-

    Noah and I go to Elden, concerned with hisck of response when we called him over. He hasn''t said a word and is looking like he''s seen a ghost.

    When we''re in front of him, he''s still unresponsive and Noah and I look at each other.

    "Elden..." Noah says.

    Elden snaps out of his trance and he looks at both of us, then all of our surroundings. He doesn''Content ? provided by N?velDrama.Org.

    t say a word, he only gestures at us to follow. Of course, we are headed to see Beta Caleb.

    When we enter the room, he''s asleep in the middle of the bed, breathing passively.

    "I was hoping he''d still be awake when we returned," Elden says. "Elden, what''s going on?"

    "The tea worked, Vera. It worked!" He''s keeping his voice down for Caleb''s sake but the excitement in his tone is clear, "I gave him the tea immediately after you brought it to me. I know we said we''d do more research but I didn''t think it could hurt. I was right! You were right!" "Anyone care to fill me in?" Noah says.

    We move to sit at the small table where Elden and I had wine earlier. I notice there''s a blue tea in the middle of it; it''s the same scent from the moon peonies.

    "I brought Elden some moon peonies petals earlier today. My ears were ringing and it was the flowers calling me and I just had a hunch."

    "The... the flowers were calling you?" He cocks an eyebrow at me.

    I roll my eyes.

    "I know how it sounds, but back when Charlotte''s garden was destroyed, so were the moon peonies. I managed to bring them back to life and not only did they bloom, they flourished and multiplied.   I''m certain it was because I used magic to do it even if I didn''t know that''s what it was at the time. So, I guess there''s some magic in them? Is that what''s happening?" I turn to Elden with my question.

    "L... I don''t know." Elden says, looking down at the tea, "I tried it myself before giving it to him, of course, and nothing happened. So, I gave it to him and in a few minutes it''s as if he was back to his former self. It was incredible. It didn''tst long, of course, this will take time, but it worked, Vera." Elden is tearing up as he says this.

    "Did he say anything? About... my parents?" Noah asks.

    Elden turns to him with a very serious expression.

    "Noah. You *are* King Alexander''s son, the rightful heir to the throne."

    Noah releases a long breathe and runs his hand through his face. I just stare at him, trying to figure out what he''s thinking now that we have confirmation.

    A moment passes and he speaks again,

    "And did Chirp shed any light on why my birth was kept a secret for so long?"

    Elden''s expression is grim.

    "Because, Noah, your mother was not a noblewoman, but she was nheless King Alexander''s mate."

    "If she was his fated mate, why does it matter that she wasn''t of noble birth?"

    "Because she was a wolf."

    My jaw drops to the floor. Noah''s jaw drops to the floor.

    "What?" Noah says, incredulous.

    "You heard me correctly. ording to Caleb, your mother was a wolf. She was of noble birth in wolf society, so she was mated to the Alpha of her pack against her will. When she met your father, it was clear that they were fated mates but she was already married. She escaped to join your father, but in order to not create conflict with her pack, all of this had to be a secret."

    Noah runs his hand through his hair, shocked at the revtion.

    "You keep referring to her in past tense, what happened to her?"

    Elden with my question.

    "L... I don''t know." Elden says, looking down at the tea, "I tried it myself before giving it to him, of course, and nothing happened. So, I gave it to him and in a few minutes it''s as if he was back to his former self. It was incredible. It didn''tst long, of course, this will take time, but it worked, Vera." Elden is tearing up as he says this.

    "Did he say anything? About... my parents?" Noah asks.

    Elden turns to him with a very serious expression.

    "Noah. You *are* King Alexander''s son, the rightful heir to the throne."

    Noah releases a long breathe and runs his hand through his face. I just stare at him, trying to figure out what he''s thinking now that we have confirmation.

    A moment passes and he speaks again,

    "And did Chirp shed any light on why my birth was kept a secret for so long?"

    Elden''s expression is grim.

    "Because, Noah, your mother was not a noblewoman, but she was nheless King Alexander''s mate."

    "If she was his fated mate, why does it matter that she wasn''t of noble birth?"

    "Because she was a wolf."

    My jaw drops to the floor. Noah''s jaw drops to the floor.

    "*What?*" Noah says, incredulous.

    "You heard me correctly. ording to Caleb, your mother was a wolf. She was of noble birth in wolf society, so she was mated to the Alpha of her pack against her will. When she met your father, it was clear that they were fated mates but she was already married. She escaped to join your father, but in order to not create conflict with her pack, all of this had to be a secret."

    Noah runs his hand through his hair, shocked at the revtion.

    "You keep referring to her in past tense, what happened to her?"

    "I''m sorry, we didn''t get to talk as much, that''s all I got from him. Then I think the effect wore off and he went back to being... Chirp. He''s been asleep since." Elden says.

    My head is reeling at the revtion. Not only is Noah the rightful King, but he is also half wolf.

    "We would still need to prove this before bringing it to the Council, or anyone else for that matter, and I''m afraid Beta Caleb''s testimony won''t be of much use in this state," I say.

    Elden nods,

    "Yes, but now I at least have a lead to look into to prove your parentage, Noah."

    We all stay silent for a long while after, processing what this all means.

    In theory, not much changes. Noah is already King, albeit against the Council''s wishes. But having proof of who he is will give them no other choice than to support him fully and recognize him as the true heir to the throne.

    Suddenly, we hear a stomach growl. It''s Noah''s.

    "Well, I think that''s our cue to go. Elden, please let us know if you find anything else or if Beta Caleb says anything else," Noah says.

    Elden nods and Noah and I make our way to the dining hall once again, hoping maybe there is some food left.

    When we get there, there isn''t much but someone left him some meat pastries in the pantry, neatly covered up. One of the cooks must have seen that he didn''t get to eat; now that he''s King, it''s natural for everyone to be hyper aware of him and his needs. "Let''s just go to our room. I''m tired and I don''t feel like sitting here."

    I smile and nod, also sneaking to the cer to grab some wine as well as some coffee mugs from the counter; it''s the only thing I could find in ways of a cup.

    "I have a feeling we might need this."

    He smiles at me and puts his arm on my shoulders as we make our way to the room.

    Once there, we each get undressed and into some form of pajamas. He usually only wears pants or his underwear and I settle for one of his oversized t-shirts. As he digs into his food, I take the wine, open it and pour it into the mugs.

    "How did you manage all of this when you found out about your parents?" He asks as we sip the wine and he finishes his food.

    "What? The existential crisis? The abandonment issues? You have to be specific," I smile.

    "Everything." heughs and leans back on the headboard. "I have not known myself a single day in my life for thest 26 years."

    "Noah, you''re still you, regardless of who your parents were. And I saw the way you handled the Council in the meeting, you are a natural leader. None of that changes."

    He sighs.

    "I never wanted any of this, you know? I never wanted the throne, I never wanted to head the Council or an entire *kingdom* for that matter" he pauses, "I wonder if my parents had raised me would I feel any different."

    "I think you already feel responsible for everyone as it is, otherwise you wouldn''t have epted this. And what is it to be King if not to sacrifice for your people?"

    We stay chatting for a couple of hours more,ughing as Noah told me everything that happened during lunch. It''s been a long day, for both of us, so I''m hoping this wine helps us both get some sleep.

###Chapter74

    -Noah-

    Two whole weeks have passed since I technically became King. The meetings with the Council have proved fruitful as now we have a n of action for most critical problems in the kingdom. I''m particrly worried about the rogue invasion to some of our territories. Before, they appeared to be random attacks searching for food or money, but now they seem nned and strategic; we could very possibly be facing a loss of territory to these rogues now.

    The worst part is, there is nothing I can do about it now. I can''t send the appropriate number of men to deal with it withoutpromising the security of the castle. If I send fewer men than I consider necessary, it''s a suicide mission. If I send the necessary army, we''d be vulnerable to any attack by Alistair.

    Remembering Alistair makes me unconsciously grind my teeth. It''s as if the bastard was swallowed by the earth itself, there is no trace of him anywhere. It''s hard to believe he had friends anywhere outside lycan territory that would hide him, but now I have to consider the possibility that he indeed managed to escape the territory.

    Eli and the rest are certain that he won''t be a problem anymore; they''re convinced he''s just going die in some ditch somewhere, but my gut is telling me otherwise. He was underestimated once before by King Alexander; I will not make the same mistake. Once the morning Council meeting is over, I stay behind to talk to one person in particr. Perhaps he could enlighten me on whether I am right to be paranoid or not. "Council member William," I call.

    He turns to me, bowing his head. The rest of the Council members have cleared the room.

    "Please, Your Highness, call me William," he says.

    "Only if you stop calling me Your Highness," I tell him.

    He smiles,

    "Alright, let''s leave the formalities only for formal encounters. Tell me, what can I do for you, Noah?" He says.

    It feels good to finally hear my name instead of royal titles.

    "William, I was hoping you could enlighten me about something."

    "Anything."

    "How did Alistair manage to defeat King Alexander the first time?"

    William stares at me for a moment, then looks around to make sure we''re alone.

    "Not here, please follow me."

    We begin walking and eventually reach one of the open courtyards towards the entrance of the castle.

    "Sorry, I''m just being extra careful. This castle isn''t very good at keeping secrets and as you might be aware, not all the Council members are genuine in their support of you."

    "I imagine as much," I say.

    "And you''re not bothered by that?"

    "The council is unnecessary, William, I could just as easily dismantle it and call it a day. All of you would be stripped of your status, your power, and your influence. The only reason why I choose to keep it is to respect tradition." "And you really think you could govern on your own?"

    I smile,

    "No, of course not. I would simply get a new Council. One that has actual warriors, healers and schrs in it. I have a feeling that''s the way it''s supposed to be anyway. Most of you have had such privileged lives,ing from incredibly wealthy families. Tell me, William, what value do any of you add to a Council if you have not lived the struggles of themon folk, which are the people I''m trying to serve?"

    He stops walking and turns to look at me, a genuine smile on his lips.

    "None," he says honestly.

    We keep walking until we reach an empty, less visited courtyard and sit on one of the benches. I had actually never been here.

    "This is closer to my chambers, I know nobody will be listening here," he exins, "to answer your earlier question. I don''t know."

    I blink at him,

    "Care to borate?" I say.

    "I understand the discontent there was with King Alexander, and I understand why the Council chose to side with Alistair. But I do not know how he managed to have most of the warriors side with him. King Alexander was beloved by his people, respected by his warriors, so it is beyond me." "Why was the Council eager to get rid of him?"

    "Not get rid of him, per se. None of them would have done what Alistair did, but when the opportunity came, they took it. Alistair promised them riches, bigger sries, less work, so on," he stays silent for a while, "the purpose of the council is not only to advise you, Noah, it is to advice other influential families and to keep the peace between them and the royal family. But everyone gotpliant after Alistair won; they all stopped nurturing their rtionships with the outside world. Everyone gotzy." I rub my forehead with my fingers. ''Other influential families,'' what in the world does that even mean.

    "Who were these influential families you speak of?"

    "Oh well, you know, rich families that would donate generously to the crown. Alistair dismantled them. Since Alistair was not the rightful King, he was afraid one of them would try to overthrow him," he pauses, "I wasn''t here when the fighting took ce, the coup that eliminated King Alexander''s reign, but my grandfather was. You see, Council seats are inherited, and I inherited his shortly after Alistair became King. He told me, on his death bed, that the warriors seemed to be in a trance... like they weren''t themselves. Most of them deserted shortly after that."

    I frown.

    "That doesn''t make any sense, William."

    "Unfortunately, that''s all I can tell you about the fight itself."

    "Why was the Council discontent with King Alexander?"

    "Well, for the first years of his reign everything seemed to be in perfect order, but then he got this wild idea in his head that he would open up our territory and routes of trade to wolves," he side eyes me, "not to be offensive, of course, considering your mate is a wolf, it was just such a wild idea back then... even now. They never saw this openness as a mutually beneficial n, since they see no value in wolves."

    "And what do you think?"

    "I think the Council is due for a renovation if they still hold such archaic beliefs."

    We stay quiet for a moment as I contemte this new information.

    "Eli and the others seem to think Alistair will no longer be a problem for us. I, on the other hand, will only be satisfied when I have his head dangling from the castle entrance. Am I right to be vignt still?" His face turns sour as he looks at the fountain in front of us.

    "With all due respect, Alistair is not someone that can be underestimated, his *greed* cannot be underestimated. You took away the one thing he cared for... power. Rest assured he will be back.

    I nod at him and stand up,

    "William," I extend my hand to shake his, "good talk. We should have these more often."

    He shakes my hand and smiles,

    "Whenever you''d like, Noah."

    With that, I take off the same way we came in, my fists clenching.

    It''s about time I took matters into my own hands.Content ? provided by N?velDrama.Org.

###Chapter75

    -Vera-

    My daystely have beenprised of either following Noah around, joining Charlotte in her garden, hands.

    Back home, I always had something to do, always had something to tend to, not to mention how dema I decided not to join Noah today at the Council meeting and go training instead; there''s literally nothi I have to admit, I have been quite impressed with Noah; it really seems like he has been doing. this al since Alistair disappeared.

    Right now, I''m making my way to Eli''s office to discuss a n I have been thinking of. The woods on ei a lead.

    When I reach his office, I''m surprised to find people already there, including Noah. Ie closer and "...we leave at dawn," Noah says.

    I step behind him,pletely concealed by hisrge frame.

    "Where are we going?" I say behind him, causing the hairs on his neck to rise.

    They were clearly not expecting my presence at all because all of them get spooked, even jumping a l "Oh, uh, Vera, I wasing to find you after this meeting."

    "It''s ok. Catch me up, where are we going?"

    "Uh well. *we aren''t going anywhere."

    Suddenly my demeanor changes and my expression turns serious.

    "Guys, could we have the room, please?" I say a little too nicely.

    Of the people here I only know Mason and Liam, whom I know are trackers and who are now throwing thest person closing the door behind them.

    "Vera, I just need to make sure he''s -" he begins, but I cut him off.

    gup on whatever I can find about the age of witches and helping Elden out with Beta Caleb. But even all of this leaves me with too much idle time on my

    working at the clinic was. I can''t help but wonder what everyone home is up to. Maybe once this is all over, I can go home and visit for a few days. for me to do there since most of the Council is now on board with Noah''s proposals.

    life and in a way, he has; he''s always been a natural leader. I, for one, am just happy we are regaining some sense of normalcy now that it''s been two weeks

    de of the castle are too vast to expect trackers to find Alistair''s tracks, especially now that so many days have passed, so maybe I can use my abilities to find hest thing they were saying:

    the sound of my voice.

    sh looks between Noah and I; almost like they were doing something they are not supposed to. They all excuse themselves and make their way to the exit,

    **Surely*, you weren''t thinking of leaving this castle, were you? Not now that you are King, and * surely you weren''t nning on leaving *me* again." I say, not even caring to hide the venom in my voice.

    "I have to make sure he is found and killed, I will not make the same mistake Alexander made, underestimating Alistair caused him his life and his family," he''s visibly upset.

    "Oh, I see. You''re making this personal. But have you not considered that this is might be exactly what he wants? If he gets rid of you there is absolutely no one else left to defy him, no one else that the people will follow."N?velDrama.Org owns ? this.

    "How can I not make this personal?! He killed my father and presumably my mother, and if I don''t find him first, he''lle after us, after you, Vera! I will not allow that to happen!"

    He''s speaking through clenched teeth now.

    "Noah, you can''t think only about yourself anymore, you are King now! Your wellbeing is the kingdom''s wellbeing! Besides, have you not even considered that we are a team now? You don''t have to keep me from anything Noah, I am your equal, not a damsel in distress. In any case if he''s a threat to both of us, we should both go after him!"

    He''s fuming.

    "That will not happen."

    "Why? Because you don''t trust my abilities? I could singlehandedly destroy every single lycan you throw my way." I''m equally angry now.

    "Because I can''t lose you!" He yells.

    We both stay quiet for a moment, my anger not diminishing in the slightest.

    "I can''t lose you; you are the only thing I have left. Why do you even think I agreed to all of this? Because there was no way that bastard was going to stop pursuing you, mark or no mark. He''s a power hungry a*****e that would stop at nothing to have you. Vera, you have to trust me on this, *please*"

    "No, you have to trust *me*. You *should not* go looking for him, Noah! We don''t even know where to start looking, let alone what he''s been up to these past few weeks! What if he ambushes you? What will five of you do against an entire army?! I''ve heard you talk about Liam''s and Mason''s tracking skills, let them handle it."

    He clenches his fist,

    "I''m not good at delegating. Vera. You should know th -"

    "Well then you better start practicing. *Your Highness," I say as I turn around to leave, smashing the door behind me.

    I walk around aimlessly through the castle after my fight with Noah. I really can''t understand how thick headed men are sometimes, and they say we are the illogical ones.

    As far as we''re concerned, we don''t know where Alistair is, we don''t know what he''s up to, and we don''t even know how many moles he can have within the castle walls. Going out and hunting him down is the single most idiotic n Noah has evere up with. Does he not understand how crucial he is to everything now? Especially now that we know his parentage. He is not only King now but he is the veryst of his n.

    The entire world could burn down, and he still would be the only one capable of building it back up.

###Chapter76

    -Vera-

    After walking aimlessly through the castle for what feels like hours, I settle for going to the gym and train some more before dinner time. I''m still so angry at Noah for thinking so selfishly, and specially for thinking of leaving me here... again. I run for an hour, I train with Eli''s students for another hour, and then even lift weights, which I hate; all of this in hopes of releasing my frustration, but it''s no use. I still don''t know what Noah will decide, in the end it''s his decision and he will do what he thinks is best; even if it''s this stupid n. I''m in no ce to tell him what to do, but at least I hope I made him reconsider.

    When I''m done training, I can barely lift my legs up the stairs to go to our room, but I''m in desperate need for a shower. My frustration isn''t only about Noah''s n, but part of me misses being busy all the time, as weird as it sounds. Back at the Pack House, I had a

    purpose. Here, I have yet to find my ce. I know things will get better once Noah is settled in the throne; I''ve even thought about opening up a clinic here, but it might take longer than I''d like it to.

    Once in the shower, I take my time under the warm water and try to meditate; clear my mind. I still have to tell Eli and Noah about my n to find Alistair, I''m just not in the mood to argue with either one of them right now.

    I sigh, turning off the shower and grabbing a towel. My hair is dripping water down my back and shoulders. Staring at myself in the mirror, I realize I''m not even hungry anymore; I''m just really, really tired.

    I wrap a towel on my head, put on a t-shirt, and plop myself on the bed, arms stretched. Without realizing it, I''m slowly falling asleep, my eyelids heavy. In a few minutes, I''m too tired to keep my eyes open and I fall asleep, thinking of Noah and wondering if he will go through with his n.

    "My dear,"

    It''s Margaret''s voice.

    I open my eyes and I''m in their realm. I blink several times adjusting to the light.

    *Uhm, hi,* I say

    *It''s good to see you again so soon! We thought it would take a few months.*

    *Why would it take months?* I ask.

    *Because it takes a lot of magical energy to be here, Vera. Some witches only traveled once a year, * Eleanor says.

    *Vera,* Margaret turns to me, *It''s important we begin your training. I''m afraid there''s already chatter about an unknown magical being in your world. Of course, they don''t* *know it''s you, and they don''t know what you are, but it''s only a matter of time.* *Actually, I was hoping you could help me with something. There''s a man in my world that has gone insane, he took some moon peonie tea and it helped but, is there any* *way to cure him with... magic?*

    Both my grandmother and aunt stare at each other and then at me,

    *Well, you see,* auntie Eleonor says, *witches each have a gift they excel at. It could be healing, it could be spells, it could be premonition or visions, like yourself. But no* *witch has all of them. Presumably, your gift is visions like your father, we won''t know if you can also heal until we start your training.*

    "Wait," my grandmother interjects, "did you say, moon peonies?*

    I nod.

    They share a look.

    *Tell us exactly what you did with those flowers, Vera.*

    I proceed to tell them everything about the flowers, what I felt when I touched them, how they multiplied and bloomed; even how I tried to replicate that feeling with Beta Caleb.

    *Fascinating,* my grandmother says, deep in thought.

    *Do you think she could... do you think she could have more than one gift? Because to do that without training... it took me years to revive a simple nt.*

    *Let''s not get ahead of ourselves, moon peonies are magic conductors. We will find out what other gifts you have as you train, Vera. For now, I want to focus on your gift* *of vision.  It was incredibly useful to your father, and I imagine it will be to you, too."

    *Normally I don''t have problems getting visions. It was easier back home in the forest, I''d just concentrate on my surroundings; the trees, roots, flowers, animals,* *everything and it would just... show me...if that makes sense. But I''ve also done it here.* Now they''ve turned quiet and are looking at me as if I have a bug on my face.

    *What?" I ask annoyed.

    *It''s... It''s just unexpected... could it be we didn''t seal her magic properly?* my aunt asks my grandmother.

    *No, no, we did.*

    *But then she also visited me spontaneously in dreams, like when she was child, even after we locked her magic.

    *I know, I know. I will have to consult with our elders while you teach Vera her breathing exercises. Vera, dear, I''m sorry to leave you but I have to... consult... something." My grandmother smiles apologetically and just like that, she''s gone.

    I turn to my aunt, my eyebrow raised.

    *Darling, what you are describing is a very rare gift. Only the original witches were able to connect to the forest in the way you describe. Add to that the fact that you did it* *even when your magic was blocked, and without a spell? It''s not rare... it''s unheard of.* "In the book I was reading, it says that witches are naturally connected to nature... I thought that''s what it was.*Content ? provided by N?velDrama.Org.

    *Yes, it''s true, and before our species became corrupted, it was a gift that flowed naturally in all of us. Now, it''s only possible to get visions from the forest through* *conductors or spells. You see, the forest is a living being, it can choose who to show the visions to. Conductors and spells are a way to force it to show us things.*

    She pauses for a moment,

    *Anyway, let''s get into your breathing and concentration exercises,* She says.

    I follow her instructions step by step, feeling myself rx as time passes. Then, I feel a spark at the center of my chest and gasp.

    *Good girl, hold on to that feeling, breathe in deeply and let it expand through your entire body as you exhale.*

    I do as I''m told and I can feel the warm electricity expanding from my chest to the rest of my body; somehow, even my hair feels electric.

    *Excellent. Now open your eyes and try to hold on to it.*

    When I open my eyes, much to my disappointment, the feeling is almostpletely gone.

    *What happened? I felt it everywhere and now it''s gone?*

    *Patience, my darling. Mastering the fluctuations of magic within us takes practice,* she pauses and looks to her right and smiles, *for now, I think you better return to your* *world, someone''s waiting for you.* When I blink again, I''m no longer in their realm; I''m in my world, lying in bed, with a heavy arm draped across my belly.

###Chapter77

    -Vera-

    I blink to adjust to the darkness of the room; the other realm is quite bright and it takes me a momen

    cus my eyes.

    I fell asleep on my back and with a towel on my hair, so Noah fell asleep next to me with his arm draped around my belly. My heart swells with relief to see he decided not to go after all. I turn around, burying my face on his neck and hugging him. The movement wakes him and he tightens his arm around me, holding me closer.

    "I''m sorry I didn''t want to listen to you earlier, V," he says.

    "I''m sorry we fought," I say into his neck.

    "You call that a fight? I''ll consider it a fight when you start throwing shit at me."

    "Oh, I wanted to," I say and heughs, his chest rumbling against mine.

    "You did help use up with a different n, though. I don''t have to leave the castle; he just has to

    I turn my head to look at him, a clear question on my expression.

    "Don''t ask, Mason just has a hunch."Content ? provided by N?velDrama.Org.

    I don''t even want to ask anymore.

    "Here, I brought you something."

    He reaches over to the nightstand and retrieves a te, turning on the nightstandmp.

    "They might be cold but no one saw you at dinner so I assumed you missed it."

    I practically jump him for them. I don''t know if it''s the workout, the pent up frustration or the magical

    I moan after taking the first bite.

    "This is amazing," I say, not even caring that my mouth is full.

    I dig into the rest of them in a minute and Noah is looking thoroughly amused.

    "You''re a little monster," he says with augh once I''m done. Little does he know I''m still hungry.

    did. Hopefully this encourages him toe out of his hole and when he does, we'' Il be ready for him."

    to my aunt and grandmother, but I''m absolutely famished.

    "Well, I did train for three hours because I was angry at you, and then I had a dreamy magical teaching on with my aunt so," "Magical session? Really?"

    "Oh yeah, and apparently I''m a freak of nature."

    "They''ve seen you eat, too?"

    I throw my bunched up napkin at him and heughs.

    "Apparently, that thing I do in the forest? Get visions from it and all? Isn''t normal."

    He frowns,

    "And why isn''t that normal?"

    "Because the forest is a living being and it doesn''t show you anything unless you coerce it to."

    Noah''s frown deepens.

    "Yeah, I know. I''m not focusing too much on that, it gives me a headache. What time is it anyway?" I ask him.

    "About 10, you fell asleep pretty early."

    "And how have the Council meetings gone now that I''m not there to threaten them?"

    "I''m intimidating enough on my own, thank you," he says, "you know, I think they''re open to a lot of ideas, as long as I don''t reduce their absurd sry that is." "Why am I not surprised?" I say sarcastically.

    "Most of them were mostly afraid I would either kill them or exile them, but now that they see that I''m not a threat, they''re more cooperative."

    "Do you think some of them still hold any loyalties to Alistair?"

    "Definitely. Which is why we need to get rid of him, soon."

    "What about moles?"

    "Several. We''ve intercepted a few; followed them hoping they''d lead us to Alistair but it always

    ended up being a dead end. Apparently not even they know where he is."

    We stay silent for a moment and I turn to look at my hands on myp.

    "Maybe I can help, that whole ''the forest tells me stuff" could work to our advantage."

    I raise my gaze and look at him, he''s smiling at me.

    "We could try; honestly everything else we''ve tried hasn''t worked."

    I smile back at him,

    "You know, except for that idiot n of yours earlier today, I have been quite impressed with how you''re handling everything. You really were born for this." "Well, I do have to admit it feels good to make changes that will benefit everyone in the long run. I didn''t realize how abandoned the kingdom was under Alistair. People being attacked by rogues, others starving to death. Entire viges have been abandoned because thend is no good to grow anything anymore. Families disced, drought, grain shortage... It was a matter of time before everything copsed, anyway" he pauses, "how does that work? With wolves, how do you manage the territory?" He asks me. "Hmm... it''s quite different. We don''t have a King or Queen for starters. We have five main packs, each with their ownnd to protect and their own Alpha to rule over them. Other than the main Pack Houses which operate much like this castle, there are several viges that live off of the Pack Houses but still respond to the Alpha guarding their respective territories."

    "And all of the Alphas get along? There isn''t struggle over territory?"

    "Of course, although it''s been several decades since thest time any pack fought over territory. We have open trade and mobility amongst all of us; manye to our Pack Clinic because we have the best doctors and facilities, I studied at the Crescent Moon pack because their biology program is the best, and so on. We cooperate amongst ourselves for the most part."

    "I wonder if that''s because of the nature of wolves, you guys are pack animals while lycans are not."

    "Sure, but I actually think it''s because of the Alphas." I say, taking a moment to put my thoughts into words, "for us, our main purpose is to serve the good of the many, we are pack animals as you say; but Alphas have the power to lead their pack into war, to coerce everyone in their domain toply with their demands, but they choose not to. We are taught our history, and wars have only ever led to unnecessary deaths. You see, holding on to so much territory has never been possible. It is much more stable this way, and therefore better for everyone."

    Noah stays silent for a minute,

    "William was telling me that there were noble families before Alistair came to power, they would act as guardians of certain territories; I''m just wondering if it''s beneficial to bring them back now. I have a feeling rogues have been taking over these territories because they no longer have the means to defend themselves as they used to."

    "Probably, but you would have to meet them first. When was thest time you traveled through the kingdom?" "Never."

    I stare at him, blinking several times.

    "Never?"

    "Warriors are not allowed to leave the castle unless under explicit orders from the King. I''m starting to understand why that is. Many of us would have deserted if we saw the state of the kingdom."

    We keep talking for about half an hour more until I yawn, a tear even slipping down my eye. Noahughs.

    "I know I''m boring you with all this kingdom talk, it''s boring even to me."

    "No, you''re really not, I''m just ti -"

    Before I can keep protesting. Noah tuns off the nightstandmp and pulls me down with him on the bed. This time, my back is to his chest and in only a few minutes, the steady beat of his heartbeat and breathing lull me to what I thought would be peaceful sleep. Only a few hours after falling asleep. I jolt up from the bed, breathing heavily while cold sweat drips down my forehead.

    Noah jolts up too.

    "Vera, what wrong?"

    "They... they..."

    He turns on themp to look at me,

    I have tears streaming down my eyes and I can''t control them.

    "They''reing."

###Chapter78

    -Noah-

    "They''reing," Vera says in a panicky voice.

    It takes me a minute to wake up fully and understand what''s happening. I grab her face between my hands; she''s crying.

    "Noah, they''reing. Many thousands of them, I couldn''t see the end of the line. I... I..." She''s hyperventting.

    "Who''sing. Vera?"

    "Alistair and an entire army!"Content ? provided by N?velDrama.Org.

    She gets off from the bed and changes her clothes, quickly; It prompts me to do the same. I know better than to not believe her by now.

    We both step out of the room; it can''t be past two in the morning right now and the castle is deserted as we make our way to the council meeting room. I knock on several doors on our way, waking everybody up.

    Everyone follows us, looking grumpy and disheveled.

    When about twenty of us have gathered, I begin.

    "We have reason to believe Alistair is mobilizing now, with an army of thousands. We have to prepare the castle walls, call back all of the warriors that are out. With those numbers, our only chance will be to protect the castle and n the attack from within." Everyone stares at me incredulous. One of the warriors raises his hand, yawning and scratching his beard.

    "Uhm, excuse me, boss? How do we know this isn''t just a ploy to get us to retreat our people from the outposts? It would give them the chance to advance without intervention."

    "Vera saw them."

    They all look at her and she gulps; she''s visibly still shaken by whatever she saw, enough to cause me to be on edge.

    Eli and Lucas give me a look, both increasingly concerned now that they know the information ising from Vera. Nobody else here would understand what this means, but Lucas and Eli have both witnessed Vera''s powers first hand; more importantly, how urate her visions are.

    "I''m sorry, boss, but she hasn''t been outside these castle walls, how would she know?"

    "Shut up, boy!" Eli yells angrily, mming his hands on the table, "We have no time to waste. Vera, tell us exactly what you saw; reference points, number of soldiers, time of day, everything you can remember."

    Vera begins telling every detail of her vision, and from what she tells us, Alistair is very close; two hours away at best.

    "Do you know if the soldiers are lycan or human?"

    "Most of them are human, but many hundreds of them are lycan," she says, shivering as she recounts her vision.

    "Alright, you all know what to do. Let''s go!"

    The meeting room is cleared in only a few seconds, only Eli and Lucas stay behind.

    "We have to close all of the entries to the castle. If they manage to breach it, we are f****d," Lucas says.

    "I''ll go talk to Elden. There''s only one way Alistair disappeared and he might use that same way toe in," Vera says.

    I grab her hand,

    "You don''t have to, you can stay here with us. Eli will go talk to Elden."

    Eli nods but she frees her hand,

    "No, no. Thanks for the offer but thest thing I need right now is to be idle."

    She leaves the meeting room, hugging herself against the chill of the night.

    "Lucas is right, which is why we have to prepare a n in case they do breach the castle. We need guards in the secondary entrances at all times to inform us if they breach," Eli says.

    "We have to reinforce the main gates, too, they might try to breach through there as a distraction, Lucas says.

    "Our main goal should be to make this battle as short as possible, and in order to do that we have to go after Alistair himself," I say.

    "Yes, of course, but knowing him he will be hidden in the sea of people that apany him," Eli points out.

    "Which is why we need someone on the inside."

    "I''ll go." Lucas offers.

    "No, he knows your association to me, it has to be someone he would never suspect. Someone who can blend in."

    "I''ve been working on one of the guards that stood by him," Eli says, "let me talk to him, see if he''s up for it."

    I nod, and with that, the meeting is over.

    Thanks to Vera, they no longer have the element of surprise. Had that been the case, we wouldn''t have had time to reinforce the entrances to the castle or call back our warriors and we would have really been f****d. Now, we actually have a fighting chance. I run through the castle walls, barking orders and taking onest look at all the main entrances. Then, I go up to one of the towers, where I can see miles in every direction. Eli is already here, with his arms crossed and staring out in the direction Vera pointed us to. "Anything?" I ask.

    "No, but I suspect they''re not far. I sent out the mole, as you suggested, let''s just hope he finds Alistair, fast."

    "Good. Now, we wait."

    Even with our lycan vision, today is a new moon and therefore it''s very difficult to see far in the darkness.

    Several minutes pass before we hear themotion.

    "Your Highness, you have toe see!" One of the guardses into the tower with wide eyes.

    Eli and I exchange a look, he nods and I follow the guard down to one of the foyers while Eli stays behind. Two guards are holding up a third who seems to e unconscious.

    "What happened?" I question,ing closer to them. I recognize him as one of the guards assigned to the outposts.

    "We found him near the castle as we were retreating, as you ordered, he says they''reing, they attacked his outpost. He was the only one to survive."

    "What outpost was he guarding?"

    "The southern one, Your Highness."

    I frown. southern one? Vera saw theming from the east. All of our efforts and strategy is based off of Vera''s vision.

    I shake my head,

    "Get this man help, quickly."

    The two guards carry him into the makeshift healing room we have set up.

    "My King, if he''sing from the southern border, then maybe your mate was wrong; we should rethink our strategy."

    The fear in his tone is evident. Thest thing I need is the warriors to start second guessing our strategy.

    "We stick to the n." I say sternly.

    "Ye- yes, my King"

    The guard bows and leaves. I trust Vera with my life, I know she''s not wrong. But then this can only mean one thing. Someone in here knows our n and that we are aware of Alistair''s eminent attack; and that someone has also managed to inform Alistair from within the castle.

    I clench my fists.

    I''m going to f*****g kill her myself.

    I walk to one of the guards,

    "Get me Liam and Mason, now."

    After a few minutes, both Liam and Mason join me.

    "Mason, I''m afraid you were right." I say through gritted teeth, throwing daggers at Liam.

    Mason takes a long look at Liam, who stares back at us in confusion.

    "I''m sorry man, I had a hunch that Harriet was the mole. I''m afraid I was right."

    "What? How can you say that?" He takes a defensive stand as he vouches for his mate, "she swore to me, to us, that her allegiance to Alistair was over after you took the throne!"

    "She''s the only one who knew about the n, besides us, only she didn''t get the update where Noah wasn''ting with the scouting party. That''s why Alistair is making a move. He thinks Noah isn''t here."

    **All* of us were in on the n! What makes you think the others didn''t snitch?!"

    "Because none of them are *here*. None of them know that we are aware of the attack and that we are preparing for it. Alistair sent a guard from the southern border, which means someone here* alerted him to our knowledge of their attack. He''s trying to make us doubt our strategy, making us believe they''reing from a different direction," I exin to him.

    If this wasn''t his mate, he would understand the obvious connection. Not only did she tell Alistair that I would be gone, but now that she realizes her mistake, she''s giving him updated information on our n and everything going on in the castle. Liam clenches his jaw. He''s furious.

    "And what makes you think that little mate of yours isn''t lying, huh?! She''s a wolf! Who knows what Alistair did to her when they were alone! For all you know, they -"

    I don''t let him finish talking. Ie down on him with such force that I hear some of my bones begin to crack, preparing to let my lycan free. I punch him in his stomach first, and then his chin. He falls to the floor, shaking. I crouch down beside him, my voice husky as my lycan lies just below the surface.

    "I suggest you go find your mate, Liam, because if I find her first, I will break her neck myself."

    Liam stares back up at me, defiant, but doesn''t dare say a word.

    He knows what this means. He knows how us lycans treat a betrayal of this magnitude. I am giving him a chance to run away with his mate, if he so chooses.

    I walk away, leaving Liam nursing his stomach and chin as Mason follows closely behind me.

    "What do you want to do about the potential attack from the south? The warriors believe the guard from the outpost, it''s making them have doubts."

    "We stand by the original n. If the army is as massive as Vera says, they won''t be able to redirect their attack in time. They have to stick to their original course." "Understood."

    Mason leaves as I make my way to Beta Caleb''s chambers, where I will no doubt find Vera and Elden.

    When I open the door, I find both of them helping Beta Caleb get dressed.

    As I lock eyes with Vera, the war horn sounds above us and all around us.

    They''re here.

###Chapter79

    -Vera-

    The sound of the war horn above us is deafening; it makes all of the walls in the room shake and my heart beat faster. Noahes rushing to us.

    "Take him up to the library. It''s thest ce where they''ll look and it will give you two a chance to escape if ites to it," Noah tells Elden, "Vera, I need you."

    I look at Elden and he nods. I make my way to Noah and he grabs my hand, squeezing it as we hurriedly make our way to the front of the castle. As we pass some guards in front of the healing room,'' as they call it, Noah approaches one of the guards, "That guard from the southern border, how is he?"

    "He''s conscious, your Highness, it seems his wounds were not severe."

    "It figures. Take him to the dungeons," he says, not giving the guard a chance to respond as we speed away. I just hear him calling after us,

    "Ye- yes your Highness."

    "What was that about?" I ask.

    "I''ll exin in a minute."

    When we get to the front, we climb up to the tower where we find Eli with his arms crossed.

    "Well, you were right, they''reing from the east," Eli hands Noah a pair of binocrs. After a quick look, he hands them to me, "What was that I heard about a guard from the south?" Eli asks.

    "Harriet," Noah simply states.

    Eli growls lightly and so do I.

    "That rat," he says.

    "It''s ok. She''s taken care of."

    "What, did you kill her? I wanted Vera to get the chance," Eli says, not hiding his amusement as he looks at me.This belongs to N?velDrama.Org - ?.

    "I sent Liam for her. It''s up to him if he wants to leave with her or kill her himself."

    "Hmm... I much rather behead rats fast if I''m honest with you, but I get it, Liam is still your friend." Eli says.

    I turn to Noah and he''s clenching his jaw. I can''t imagine how hard it must have been for him to tell his friend that his mate is the mole they had been looking for all along. Not that I''m surprised, but it still must be a hard pill to swallow for Liam. "How long do you think it''ll take them to get here?" Noah asks.

    "Maybe half an hour. It''s quite an army he''s got. Vera are you sure most of them are human?" Eli replies.

    "Positive," I say, "he''s keeping them in the back. The first lines are lycan, I''m assuming to intimidate us."

    "You assume correctly. Well, this will be interesting." Eli says.

    Eli is the quintessential lycan I havee to realize; abides by tradition, looks down upon other species, and more importantly, loves to fight.

    "Shut the main gates!" Noah shouts down, "no one gets in or out without my express authorization!"

    "I think you should send out another mole," I say.

    They both look at me.

    "Well, with those numbers it''s a matter of time before they breach, but if we can insert a mole that will direct them to a secondary entry or one of the tunnels inside, something narrow, we can be ready for them when they breach." Noah and Eli look at me, then to each other. Noah shrugs,

    "Got anybody else to send over?" He asks.

    "Oh, absolutely. Let''s do that secondary entry you used to sneak out of when you were younger."

    He turns to leave, but before he does, he ruffles the top of my head. "Atta girl!" he says with a devilish grin.

    I stay quiet for a moment as he leaves, processing what he just did.

    I blink at Noah.

    "Did he just pet me like a dog?" I ask him in disbelief.

    Noahughs and again looks out through the binocrs.

    "They''re moving slower than I thought. It might take them longer to get here," he pauses, "I don''t know why but I have a bad feeling about this. I think Alistair might have a few tricks up his sleeve." "Doesn''t he always?" I say.

    "Up until your vision, we didn''t even know he had gathered an army of this magnitude. It makes me wonder what else we don''t know."

    "Even with his numbers we have the upper hand. This castle is basically imprable. Even if they manage to get in, they can''t do it in great numbers unless they tear down the main entrance. In this scenario, the numbers are not that great of an advantage." "Exactly. Alistair is a coward but he''s not an idiot."

    "Maybe that''s what he''s counting on, to overwhelm us slowly. He has no regard for life, not lycan nor human, he doesn''t care how many die in the attempt to take the castle."

    Noah stays silent.

    It''s difficult to imagine what''s going on in his head right now. Everything I know about war strategies and real lifebates from books I read back in school, but Noah has lived through it; and now I''m about to live through it too.

    Fear finally sinks in and my chest feels heavy. This could be the end for Noah and for me. Either of us could die any moment, or both of us. Alistair''s army is massive, even if we do have the upper hand, there is no telling what Alistair is nning; he wouldn''t be making a move without feeling confident that he could take the castle, but what''s his n? My heart sinks the more I think about what we''re about to face.

    "Well, I sent out another mole with very clear instructions," Eli says, stepping behind us.

    "Do they seem to be moving normally to you?" Noah says, handing Eli the binocrs.

    Eli takes a look for several seconds.

    "How can they be moving so slow? They should be halfway here already."

    Eli hands me the binocrs and I take a look.

    Now that they''re a little closer, I can see them clearly.   The soldiers seem to be walking with such lethargy, it makes no sense. They''re not even keeping a normal-slow pace; they''re straight up dragging their feet.

    "They look... asleep," I point out, taking another look through the binocrs to double check.

    Eli grunts,

    "Most boring war I''ve ever been in. I might as well take a nap while we wait for them."

    I stay looking through the binocrs while Eli and Noah chat in the background; I''m not paying any attention to them, all of my focus is going to the army ahead.

    I slow down my heartbeat, controlling my breathing and concentrating with intention, just like my aunt taught me.

    And then I hear it, that distinct, faint ringing in my ears; one that I havee to understand well.

    It''s the presence of magic.

###Chapter80

    -Vera-

    "Noah..." I interrupt their conversation and ce the binocrs down. They both stop talking and turn to look at me, "he has a witch with him."

    They both pause for a moment.

    "What?!" Eli reacts and takes the binocrs from me, looking for the witch frantically in the crowd moving towards us.

    "You won''t be able to see her... or him. I felt it."

    He puts down the binocrs and looks at me, waiting for an exnation.

    "The... ringing in my... ears. Listen, it''s hard to exin, but that asshole found a witch and it''s her magic I''m sensing."

    "Vera," he steps closer to me, cing his hands on my shoulders to make emphasis, "on a scale of one to ten, how *certain* are you that it''s magic we''re dealing with here?" "Ten," I say with no hesitation.

    "For fuck''s sake." Eli says under his breath, making his way to the staircase, but suddenly he stops, "oh, Your Highness, I might have to raid the war room for some very special weapons, may I?" He''s turned towards Noah. "Be my guest," Noah says, but he''s focused on me.

    When Eli is gone, hees to stand in front of me, caressing my arms with his hands.

    "Vera..." he''s thinking very hard on what he''s about to say, but I already know.

    "Don''t even think about it."

    "I haven''t said anything."

    "You don''t have to. I''m not hiding, Noah. That witch or warlock is mine. Nobody else here stands a chance against magic."

    Noah ps his hands and everyone disperses and takes up their posts. Eli approaches me, handing me my spear and a sword from the war room.

    "I thought you might need this," he says as he hands me the weapons.

    I nod at him and he nods back, retreating to his post.

    Now, we just wait.

    Noah and I stay close to the main entrance, which is likely to be the first ce they attempt toe in through.Content ? provided by N?velDrama.Org.

    After what feels like an eternity, we hear banging on therge, wooden doors.

    "Warrior Noah!" A voice calls, "our King seeks a private audience with you!"

    Noah turns to look at me and everyone else, cing his finger on his lips, signaling for everyone to stay quiet.

    "Tell your King if he wishes an audience, he shouldn''t havee with an army!" He shouts back.

    "This is not an army, these are just the King''s people showing our support for the one true ruler of this kingdom!"

    I frown.

    "Does that voice sound normal to you?" I whisper to Noah.

    Noah is also frowning as he shakes his head.

    "Stay here," he whispers to me.

    He quietly goes up the stairs to the tower we were previously in, returning quickly back down.

    "They''re not moving," he informs me, "it makes no f*****g sense. They''re just standing there."

    "What''s going on?" Elies up behind us.

    "They''re not making any move to attack. They''re standing outside like statues. I can barely even sense them breathing, it''s the weirdest shit I''ve ever seen." "But what if they find out what you are? It might be even more dangerous in the long run."

    "Noah, first we have to survive today."

    "But -"

    "Tell me, who here has a better chance than me? If you cane up with one single name, I''ll

    go hide with Elden and Caleb in the library."

    He purses his lips butes up with nothing.

    "Exactly. Noah, I will never forgive myself if something happens to you and I wasn''t here."

    I look into his eyes and don''t back down. He doesn''t push the topic further, although he''s still caressing my arms, at war with himself.

    When we turn to look at the army again, they are definitely getting closer. We don''t have much time prepare for whatever that witch has prepared.

    "Ok. The war room has some weapons that were used during the age of witches, let''s go help Eli out."

    We hurry downstairs and just as Noah said. Eli is already distributing all sorts of swords and daggers from the war room.

    "Ok fes, you know what to do. If you encounter anything that remotely resembles magic, stab first, ask questionster," Eli is saying as he hands everyone the weapons.

    They''re all looking at him questioningly and Noah steps in,

    "We know a witch ising with them, it may exin his numbers and how Alistair disappeared in the first ce. Just be careful and as Eli says, stab first, ask questionster. Our best n of action is to keep them outside the castle until we can zero in on Alistair''s location. I bet the witch is with him. If we can take care of both of them, this will be over before it starts."

    "Do we know how many witches areing with him?" One of the warriors asks.

    "Just one," I say, and I have a feeling I know exactly who it is.

    "Ok then, everyone knows what to do. Let''s go!"

    Noah ps his hands and everyone disperses and takes up their posts. Eli approaches me, handing me my spear and a sword from the war room.

    "I thought you might need this," he says as he hands me the weapons.

    I nod at him and he nods back, retreating to his post.

    Now, we just wait.

    Noah and I stay close to the main entrance, which is likely to be the first ce they attempt toe in through.

    After what feels like an eternity, we hear banging on therge, wooden doors.

    "Warrior Noah!" A voice calls, "our King seeks a private audience with you!"

    Noah turns to look at me and everyone else, cing his finger on his lips, signaling for everyone to stay quiet.

    "Tell your King if he wishes an audience, he shouldn''t havee with an army!" He shouts back.

    "This is not an army, these are just the King''s people showing our support for the one true ruler of this kingdom!"

    I frown.

    "Does that voice sound normal to you?" I whisper to Noah.

    Noah is also frowning as he shakes his head.

    "Stay here," he whispers to me.

    He quietly goes up the stairs to the tower we were previously in, returning quickly back down.

    "They''re not moving," he informs me, "it makes no fucking sense. They''re just standing there."

    "What''s going on?" Elies up behind us.

    "They''re not making any move to attack. They''re standing outside like statues. I can barely even sense them breathing, it''s the weirdest shit I''ve ever seen." "Do you think maybe they *are*ing from the south and they''re just buying time here."

    "No." I say confidently, "this is it."

    Eli scoffs.

    "Very anticlimactic if you ask me."

    I roll my eyes.

    The banging on the main door resumes abruptly drawing our attention, only this time, it''s multiplied.

    It gets so loud it''s evident that there are several soldiers now banging on the thick wood; it''s deafening. Then, without warning, we hear amotion outside.

    Eli, Noah and I hurry up the tower to see what is happening and Noah was right, it makes absolutely no sense.

    The soldiers are attempting to climb the walls and the gate, some are even trampling each other in order to climb on them.

    We are all perplexed but don''t have time to wonder on their strategy. The numbers are such that they actually have a real possibility of climbing over by amassing bodies beneath them.

    We run back down to inform everyone that they should be ready, but just as we get there, Alistair''s army breaches through the secondary entrance Eli mentioned.

    There is no time to think. We are being attacked inrge numbers and we have to do everything we can to kill as many soldiers now as we can. As theye through the door, they turn into their lycan forms; but yet, something doesn''t sit right with me. Their actions are sluggish and monotone; It''s difficult to remember that their sheer number alone can overwhelm us at any moment.

    Eli and Noah quickly turn into their lycan forms, taking on two attackers at a time. Soon, the courtyard is filled with bodies, both ours and theirs.

    One of the lycanses for me at full speed, growling and aiming his ws at my throat. I jump up, dodging his attack tond on his back, where I quickly unsheathe the sword Eli gave me to sever his spine.

    The next onees up behind me, but Lucas is right beside me, tackling him to the ground. Next, a humanes up to me, sword in hand, ready to kill me. I stop his sword only inches away from my face, close enough for me to notice something. It takes me a moment, but from up close it''s very clear that his eyes are zed over in an unnatural way. I quickly separate from him, using my spear to puncture his neck at a distance. He gurgles on his own blood before falling to the floor and dying.

    I retrieve my spear and make my way to the secondary entrance where our people are being overwhelmed, killing one attacker after another. I kill attacker after attacker, lycan and human, with both my spear and sword. My clothes have been soiled with blood from our enemies; so much so that they''re beginning to weigh me down.

    "Noah! We have to find him!" I yell back as Noah is finishing off one of the lycans with a quick bite to the throat. His fur is full of blood as it drips from his mouth. It''s an incredibly unpleasant sight, but I have no time to ponder on it. Noah nods at me but is distracted yet again by an attacking lycan.

    It was clear that Alistair had thousands of soldiers outside, but now that we are facing them head on, I''m afraid we have taken up more than we can handle.

    Just them pouring in from this secondary entrance is tiring us out, but if they manage to enter through the main gate we will be inevitably overrun.

    I take on another lycan head on. He manages to tumble me to the floor and I use my spear to jam it in between his teeth before he gets close too close to my throat. From up close, I notice his eyes are also zed over, just like the humans. As I''m looking into his eyes, the ringing in my ears get louder and louder with every passing second.

###Chapter81

    -Vera-

    I grunt, exerting all the force I can on the spear to keep the lycan''s teeth away from me.

    Think Vera, think.

    I start looking all around me for something, anything, I can use to get rid of this lycan before it gets rid of *me*.

    Something clinks to my side and I turn; Eva who is fighting off two attackers, has kicked a knife over to me to try and help me, but in order to reach for it, I have to let go of the spear.

    I have no choice. I let go of the spear quickly while simultaneously moving my head to the side. The lycan was pushing with such force that it crashes its snout onto the floor, only centimeters away from my face. Before it can register what happened, I reach for the knife and insert it straight into its neck, severing its jugr. Blood flows freely from his neck onto the floor and my entire face. Once it''s dead, I use whatever strength I have left to crawl from underneath it. It''s no easy feat considering how huge lycans arepared to humans.

    When I''m out, I wipe the blood and grime from my eyes and take a long look around. The soldiers are still pouring in, and as much as we are killing them, our numbers are also diminishing.

    I spot Eli and Noah at a distance fighting off humans and lycans. Noah locks eyes with mine, quickly disposing of his attacker toe running towards me. He crouches next to me and sniffs me. "I''m alright. The blood isn''t mine."

    As if not believing me, he uses hisrge tongue top at my entire face, cleaning me in the most disgusting way possible. His lycan is grimacing as he spits out the blood he cleaned off of me. I grab his chin by his fur to focus his attention on me.

    "We are running out of time, we have to find Alistair and that witch. Did you notice their eyes? I''m sure they''re under some type of spell. If we kill the witch, this all ends."

    Noah nods and turns into his human form; he''s incredibly dirty... and naked.

    "Eli''s mole came through. Alistair is hiding in the forest like the coward he is along with the witch."

    "Are they alone?"

    "They have a few soldiers with them, we have to take some of our men."

    I nod and he turns back into his lycan form, signaling for ten men to follow us.

    When they have gathered around us, we head into one of the tunnel''s Elden showed me previously. This leads us directly to the woods, but away from where Alistair''s soldiers are gathered. I open the fake wall to the entrance of the tunnel and turn back to them,

    "Your lycans won''t fit through so you should..."

    They promptly turn to their human form and I have to avert my gaze because, just like wolves, lycans have no problem being naked.

    We quickly move through the tunnels as I guide them to the exit. Once we get there, Noah puts his hand on my shoulder,

    "Let me go first, just in case."

    I don''t argue and he squeezes past me and pushes on the door, carefully.N?velDrama.Org owns ? this.

    Once he''s out, he signals for the rest of us to follow him; there is no one around.

    "Vera, you''re up," he says and I nod.

    I take a deep breath and crouch down to the ground, cing my hand on the soil. I can sense all of the lycans with us watching me curiously, but I push the feeling aside and focus on my breathing. After about three minutes. I know exactly where we have to go.

    I get up and close my eyes, taking a few more long, deep breaths. When I open my eyes again, my sight is in tunnel vision and without notice, I start running in the direction of Alistair and the witch; the ringing in my ear getting louder and louder. The lycans behind me don''t have time to question what is happening, they just follow Noah who is following closely behind me. Once we get close enough, I stop.

    "They still can''t see us but surely they''re aware of our presence by now. They have twenty men total. I suggest we separate and attack from different directions."

    Noah nods and signals for the warriors to disperse. Before we continue walking, he changes to his human form once again and grabs my hands.

    "Vera, if anything goes wrong..."

    "Noah, please, we talked about this."

    "No," he continues, "if anything goes wrong, if you at some point be outnumbered and I''m in no condition to back you up, you run, you hear me?"

    I gulp. The reality of the moment setting in.

    I nod at him and he kisses me; it''s a long and tender kiss, but it''s over much too quickly. When I open my eyes again, he''s already switched back to his lycan form.

    We begin walking the several meters that lie between Alistair and us, bing visible to them in only a few minutes.

    When we step into the clearing, Alistiar is standing in the middle of his soldiers, arms crossed, with a woman to his side; the witch.

    She seems to be in a trance, not even noticing our approach. Her hands are extended out and her head is looking up, chanting something softly. She''s holding onto some artifacts and I immediately know that''s my target. If I can get close enough to break her out of her trance and destroy her artifacts, her spell will be interrupted and the soldiers will be broken out of the trance they''re in.

    Alistair notices us and smirks, feeling all too confident since he can only see the two of us.

    "Well, well, well, if it isn''t the usurper and his slut," he says.

    Noah growls next to me, his teeth showing aggressively.

    "You said you wanted an audience, so here we are," I say, stopping a safe distance away from them.

    "The time for audiences is over, wolf whore, we will soon overtake the castle and I will have your *mate* executed in front of all of his supporters, like I initially intended to. And you, well, you and I have some unfinished business," he says.

    The mere thought of having his hands on me makes me nauseous, and I can see he''s getting a rise out of Noah, but two can y this game.

    "Please, save yourself the humiliation, Alistair. Face it, all of these *soldiers are here because she''s controlling them." I gesture to the witch, "you are not respected by a single one of them... shit. they probably don''t even like you. That''s why you need a *woman* to do your dirty work. You'' re just a leech."

    He scoffs,

    "It''s only a matter of time, Vera. It will all be over soon and I will take my rightful ce on the throne again, and I will have *you* chained to my bed. You''ll be my little pet slut."

    "You think these are only my thoughts. *King*? Everyone in the castle flocked to Noah when you disappeared like the *coward* you are. Hell, even your father did."

    He nches. I hit a nerve.

    "Oh yeah, he told us everything about you, how even as a kid you were a disappointment of a son. He never even thought you were good enough to be beta, or anything else. You have always just been a spiteful, cowardly, little prick; and you simply never outgrew that phase. And you called yourself *King*?"

    Iugh, irking him even more.

    "Deal with it, Alistair. Nobody wants you here. Not even your own father. You might as well just turn around and leave, maybe the rogues will take you."

    In the blink of an eye, he''s changed into his lycan form and is charging towards me at full speed. The soldiers around him do the same and Noah steps in front of me, snarling at the iing attackers.

    Then, all of the warriors that were hidinge out to back up Noah, who has already killed the first soldier than came close the quickest.

    The battle has begun.

    I sneak around the smashing bodies carefully, inching closer to the witch so I can kill her and be done with this. I even manage to take a lycan down on my way to her.

    When I leave most of the fighting lycans behind. I sprint towards the witch, my eyes solely focused on her neck. If I can only get close enough to sever her head with my spear, this will all be over. Or so I hoped.

    Just when I''m a few feet away from her, her head snaps forward unpexectedly, opening her eyes and looking directly into mine. A chill runs down my spine.

    Then, something snags me from my side, tossing me in the air and into one of the trees and I hit it with a big, painful crunch.

###Chapter82

    -Vera-

    It takes me a moment to realize that I have been attacked. As I try to get up, a sharp pain in my mid body stops me; I''m fairly certain I broke a rib and my arm instinctively wraps around it.

    I take a look back at the witch to see what exactly happened and realize it was Alistair who came to her aid. Our warriors are still fighting their soldiers which is why nobody noticed when Alistair slipped away.

    Out of the corner of my eye, I see Noah separate from the group to go after Alistair before noticing that I''m not there. He stops mid step and turns his head around frantically looking for me. When his eyesnd on me, on the ground, and the tree I crashed against, he snarls and goes after Alistair full force, tackling him to the ground.

    They begin fighting.

    Noah is slightly taller than Alistair and by far the better warrior, but Alistair is still the son of a beta; he might prove to be a more challenging enemy than we initially anticipated.

    A few momentster, I feel the healing abilities I got from Noah start to work their magic. The pain is decreasing, enough to let me stand and make my way to the witch. With Alistair entertained, I just might be able to kill her.

    I take a step forward and lock eyes with the witch, she was only temporarily entertained by the sight of Noahing for Alistair, but her main focus all this time has been me. She has unnerving milky white eyes and they are following my every move now. I scan my surroundings looking for my spear which wasunched in the air with me. I need it to finally kill her.

    I spot the spear in between the witch and I, but she follows my gaze and realizes what my intentions are. We both start running towards it, her dropping her artifacts to the floor.

    I reach it first and pick it up but before she can stop herself froming closer to me, I use it to sh a clean cut across her cheek, bright red blood dripping from the wound. I smile to myself. Gotcha.

    She stops for a moment, touching the cut with her fingertips and then looking at them covered in fresh blood. She frowns, looking back between the spear and her fingers in disbelief.

    Then, she screeches; her mouth opening wide in the most unnatural way. It is a loud, horrible sound thatpels me to cover my ears; it sounds like nails being drawn to a chalkboard, only worse. The rest of the people nearby do the same, some even falling to their knees as they cover their ears.

    When she''s done, I barely have time to react as sheunches herself towards me.

    Her movements are quick but there''s something soft about the way she moves, something almost ethereal. She has long hair, it almost touches the ground, and horribly long, w like nails. I had a feeling this was the same woman I saw in my vision before from when Alistair was young, but now I have confirmed it. So, he has been involved with this witch for a very long time now. It raises many theories in my head, but I can''t stop to ponder on them now.

    I use my spear to stop several of her attacks; I have a feeling those nails can do as much damage as any weapon. She stops chasing and attacking me after only a few minutes when she realizes she can''t get to me this way. Then, she begins chanting something and my ears begin to ring; she''s trying to use magic against me as I recognize the samenguage my father was using at Jade Waterfall.

    When she''s done, she points her fingers at me and the ringing in my ear stops. She has a nasty grin on her face that quickly dissipates as whatever macabre n she had for me does note to fruition. She tries again and again, chanting in that familiarnguage, but nothing happens.

    She growls in frustration,

    "How?" she asks.

    This is the first time I hear her voice and it''s surprisingly very pleasant. It sounds soft and delicate, much like what she presents herself as; but I know better.

    Tired of her antics, Iunch myself forward. It''s a great relief to know that her spells won''t work against me; it''s the only thing that worried me about facing her since I still can''t really use my magic. She steps aside again and again as I attack, almost as if reading my moves. If Iunch the spear forward, she knows to step back, if I stab to a side, she knows to step to the other side.

    Even though I''m incredibly fast, she is too, and she knows it. At this rate, it''s really a matter of who gets tired first, or who gets reinforcements first.

    I start looking around to see if anyone is avable to help me, but the warriors that came with us are still fighting off the soldiers which outnumbered us, and Noah is still entertained with Alistair. I''ll have to keep her like this until someone cane in and distract her so that I can put my spear through her heart.

    Unbeknownst to me, while I was busy trying to think of a strategy and looking around, the witch hase close to me andunched her ws forward, getting me right on my stomach. The sting of the cut is painful, but I also take advantage of the proximity to again sh at her, this time getting her arm.

    We both separate, her checking on her wound. It''s a deep cut and she has to keep her hand on it to avoid losing too much blood. Quickly, I take a look at mine. She has shed through my clothes and the wound is deep, but my healing kicks in and it''s already closing as I step forward to try and get her again.

    Unsurprisingly, she dodges my attacks but her movements are noticeably slower. She''s getting tired.

    Then, finally, I see Noah behind her put Alistair on the ground. He''s unresponsive from what I can tell at this distance, but I''m not sure he''s dead yet.

    Noah, who has noticed my struggle to kill that witch, ising up from behind her and tries to tackle her but his footsteps are too heavy and she hears himing. She dodges him with ease. Hees to stand next to me as the witch starts moving, circling us. There''s a change in her expression that I can''t quite understand. She looks... triumphant?

    I step forward with the intent of attacking her again, but something stops me in my tracks; she''s whispering something. I can''t quite understand what it is, it''s unlike the spell from before. though. But then I also notice...she''s looking straight at Noah. Oh no.This belongs to N?velDrama.Org - ?.

    I turn to look at him,

    "Noah!" I yell.

    He''s unresponsive. His eyes are following the witch''s every move, his body rxing.

    "Noah!" I yell again,ing closer to him and nudging his massive arm.

    To my horror, his eyes begin to ze over.

###Chapter83

    -Vera-

    "Noah! Noah! Snap out of it!"

    My attention haspletely shifted to Noah, I have even dropped my spear and am using both of my hands and all of my strength to shake him. "Come on, Noah! Fight this!"

    I''m pleading with him, I can almost feel tears begin to rim my eyes. It''s not out of sadness, it''s out of desperation and frustration. I almost had her; *we* almost had her. Now she has flipped the tables and I have no idea how to get Noah back. I hear herugh and turn to her.

    She smiles at me. It''s a sweet smile,ced with wickedness.

    "Puppy," she says sweetly, as she lifts her arm and uses a single finger to point at me, "attack."

    The hairs on my nape rise as all my instincts kick into overdrive. Noah turns to me,

    please no. Snap out of it!" I plead again, taking several steps back and picking up

    my spear from the ground, positioning it defensively in front of me.

    Noah growls angrily at me. It''s something I never thought I would live to see.

    I take a few more steps back, understanding that pleading with him won''t work. I have to find a way to kill the witch without hurting Noah, or before he kills me.This belongs to N?velDrama.Org - ?.

    Heunches at me, a hand extended towards my neck. I dodge his attack with mere inches to spare. Hees after me, again and again while that bitch just stands there andughs.

    "Oh, poor child, to think that you will be killed by your one true love. Imagine what will happen once I let him go and he sees you dead in his arms; he won''t be able to live with the guilt."

    My heart shrinks at her words. If Noah does kill me, I''m certain he will soon follow.

    I''m using my spear to avoid his attacks but they keep oning and I''m already getting tired. We have been fighting attackers for some time now, in the castle and here, I won''t be able tost much longer.

    When Ind after dodging him again, my foot slips on spilled blood and I fall on my back. Noah cages me in, snarling furiously only inches away from my face. He''s getting ready to snap my neck with his teeth when the witch speaks again, "Puppy, not like this. Turn into your human form, I want you to wake up and *know* it was your human hands that killed her."

    "No!" I breathe.

    My arms are pinned to my body by Noah''s legs as he turns into his human form. His eyes are still zed over, even in human form. His expression is furious as his chest heaves in anger in front of me.

    "Now you can strangle her," she says in a cheery tone.

    Noah promptly gets up, lifting me to stand painfully by my hair. I grunt at the pulling of my scalp and tears begin to fall to my cheeks. His free hand goes to my neck as he lets go of my hair, lifting me off my feet and squeezing. Both of my hands fly to his wrist as he continues to put pressure on my delicate neck.

    "No...ah..." I manage to croak out, "I love... you. This...isn''t your fault."

    Unstoppable tears are streaming down my cheeks now. I hope, if anything, that he can remember my words. I hope he doesn''t me himself for this and I really, really hope he gets to kill that bitch for me.

    As my eyesight gets blurry and my lungs burn due to theck of oxygen, I can feel myself slipping away; but to my surprise, I fall to the ground.

    I gasp for air desperately, clutching my neck with my hand. My lungs burn, my nose burns, and I''m extremely lightheaded. I turn to look up at Noah with teary eyes and notice his are still zed over... but he''s immobile. What the hell is happening?

    I turn to look at the witch and she''s equally surprised, shocked even. I turn back to Noah and he''s shaking his head violently. When hees to, his eyes are no longer zed over; he looks at me panicked. "Vera! Goddess what did I do?!"

    He crouches down in front of me and removes my hand from my neck. I don''t know how bad my neck looks but he nches; it can''t be pretty judging by his expression.

    "Vera I''m so sorry, I... I... this wasn''t me! I don''t know what I was thinking!"

    I frown in the direction of the witch, unable to speak, silently letting him know it was her. He follows my gaze and understanding dawns on him.

    The witch is looking rather pale now, she''s taking a few steps back, as if wanting to escape any

    minute.

    "This isn''t possible. It can''t be," she keeps repeating as she retreats.

    "I''m going to kill her," Noah growls as he turns into his lycan once again, chasing after the witch.

    She tries once again to put him under the same spell he was in, but she fails. She has no other option than to dodge his attack and keep trying to put him under again.

    I stay on the ground, coughing and recovering from Noah''s attempt to kill me. After only a minute or two, I feel like I can join in the fight. The least Noah can do is let me kill that bitch myself.

    I grab the spear next to me and run towards where Noah is chasing the witch. When I get close, she looks panicked.

    "Alistair! Alistair! Wake up you useless dog!"

    She''s almost growling at Alistair whom I can see from the corner of my eye is twitching. So, Noah didn''t kill him after all.

    "You were supposed to kill them all, you idiot!" She keeps yelling in his direction as she dodges our attacks.

    I''m surprised she has managed to dodge our continuous attacks, but I can tell she''s getting more and more tired. This is the moment where we have to push her more until she slips up and makes a mistake.

    To my horror, however, it seems that Alistair has gotten up and is charging towards us once again. That scum won''t just die.

    Both Noah and I are hurt from all the previous fighting, but so are they. If we do manage to kill both of them, it will be by the skin of our teeth.

    The witch stops for a second to lock eyes with Noah and she growls,

    "This is why you should never let a dog handle the business of a witch!"

    She points her slender finger at Noah, my ears are ringing. No... no no no.

    "Noah!" I scream, running to him.

    **Mortem,*" she says, and Noah fall to the ground, paralyzed.

    "Now, you idiot!" She yells.

    Alistair takes a huge jump, getting to him first, and drags his ws across Noah''s mid body. Satisfied with his attack, he retreats as I get close to Noah. He turns into his human form and I catch his head in my arms before it hits the ground. "No, no no no! Noah! Stay with me!"

    I''m sobbing uncontrobly, cradling his head to my chest as I look at his injury. He''s looking up at me, a single tear slipping from his eye.

    "Vera..." he tries to speak.

    "No, no... shhh... It''s gonna be alright, Noah. Save your strength."

    The wound didn''t kill him, but the heavy bleeding surely will if I don''t stop it; and yet there''s nothing I can do about it right now. I try applying pressure but I can''t even do that properly because it''s too massive. Panic and desperation are settling in as I continue to sob and try my best to stop the bleeding; my fingers slippery from all the blood.

    "I told you, you stupid whore. I told you what your fate would be. Don''t worry, I didn''t want to kill him just yet. I need him to witness what I''m going to do to you."

    Alistair keeps talking in his human form as he moves towards me,pletely naked, but I can no longer hear him.

    Pure, unadulterated rage blinds me.

    I hear my bones begin to crack.

###Chapter84

    -Vera-

    I always heard that the first shift to a beast form is incredibly painful. How, much like growing pains, w

    itively try to fight it as much as we can because our body does not yet understand that it isn''t dying, it''s only changing. Some people spend days, weeks, with this pain before inevitably giving in to it and shifting. After it''s over, it is said to be the most liberating feeling of all.

    I have no time to think about any of this too deeply. It is indeed excruciating pain as I can feel my eve ne breaking under the pressure of the shift, but instead of shying away from it, I wee it. cing Noah''s head gently on the floor, I crawl a few paces away from him. I''ve never shifted before som pot sure how this will go, I just know I can''t afford to hurt him further.

    I feel my spine elongate and curve, my arms bulk up and fur begins to explode from underneath my s

    It feels like hours before it''s over, but in reality, the transition probably took less than a minute. "What the fuck?" Alistair says, stepping back a few paces.

    jaw starts to break and elongate as well, making it perhaps the most painful part. It is a pain that I feel in my every nerve ending.

    When I open my eyes, my vision is the sharpest it has ever been, it''s almost as if every movement around me is in slow motion. I have never shifted to my wolf form, so I am not sure how I''m supposed to handle this; but I remember something Sofia told me a long time ago, to just let my wolf guide me through it.

    I snarl furiously at Alistair, my full set of teeth showing menacingly. He keeps retreating and I step gently over Noah, protectively. I turn my face to him and he''s looking at me with a gentle smile on his face.    He''s looking very pale, I know I have to make quick work of these two to et him help. I lick his face reassuringly before I step past him and turn to Alistair once again. "You... your eyes," he says, "are you seeing this?!" He yells at the witch.

    I can still feel her standing there, looking at me.

    It''s weird, but in this form, it''s as if my connection to the forest is permanent, I no longer have to cond steadily coursing through me.

    Iunch towards Alistair and he quickly shifts to his lycan form, dodging my attack.

    e on it to get its feedback; its readily avable for me at any moment. I also feel like my magic is freely flowing through me now; small, electric shocks

    Iunch again but this time. I falsify my step, making him believe I will go left and instead go right, grabbing him with the full force of my jaw by his shoulder. I forcefully separate from him using my hind legs before he can react. I feel a chunk of his shoulder detach from his arm as I ripped it off with my teeth. He falls to his knees in an attempt to swing his ws at re

    Alistair was already tired and severely injured by Noahing into this fight; so was I until I switched to my wolf form and before I was fueled by pure rage after seeing Noah injured.

    I take advantage of his shock to go after him again, my ear twitching in the direction of the witch whoaying to use the same spell she used on Noah on me,

    ***Mortem!* She yells, "*mortem, mortem, mortem!" She repeats desperately, her slender finger slightly trembling.

    As much as I''d like to take my time to dismember Alistair and make him pay for everything he''s done, I have to think of Noah first.

    I take a big leap so that Ie over him, standing behind him. I attack him from behind. sinking my teeth into his nape. He screams and ws at me, trying to get me off of him. As it is, he can only use one arm against me since the other one is too wounded from my earlier attack. I feel him actually puncture my skin deeply, drawing blood, but I don''t care about the pain... not anymore.

    I bite down harder on his neck, until I feel him go limp against my grasp. Once that''s over, I turn my full attention to the witch. I growl and snarl at her, stalking her as she''s taking slow steps backwards,

    "It can''t be, you can''t be real!" she says in disbelief.

    I can feel Alistair''s blood dripping from my snout as I growl.

    The witch is visibly shaking.

    She quickly turns around, attempting to escape. She has no chance to outrun me; not in my human form much less in my wolf form, but she still tries.

    I don''t have time for this.

    *Stay still,* I think to myself, and she actually freezes in ce, mid step.

    Interesting.

    I reach her just secondster, circling her slowly to look her in the eye.

    Her eyes are wide and panicky, I can see beads of sweat forming in her forehead.

    "Please, don''t kill me. I''ll do anything. I gave Alistair everything he wanted, imagine what I can do for you," she pleads.

    I growl at her.

    "No no! Please! You have magic, I can see as much. I can take you to my mistress, she can teach you!"

    My ear twitches.

    "You''d like that, right? She''s the best! She''s our Witch Mother and you... you''re a spirit wolf, right? You''ll be her absolute favorite!"

    I quickly shift into my human form. I''m naked, covered in blood and grime, but I need for her to look me in the eye.

    "I didn''t... I didn''t think your kind was real," she says, a little more rxed now that I''m in my human form.

    She misinterprets my intentions.

    "I wanted you to be able to look into my eyes as I did this..." I say.

    "Did wh -"

    She gasps as I punch my hand through her chest and reach her heart, squeezing it slowly as I take it out. I see the life drain out of her eyes and she falls to the ground. The heart beats a few times before itpletely stops. When it does, I crush it.N?vel/Dr(a)ma.Org - Content owner.

###Chapter85

    -Vera-

    When I finally manage topose myself and get up from the ground, I take my time to shift back to my wolf form. I feel like I''m pushing my body beyond what it can take right now; I have shifted three times already and it''s only my first day as a wolf. All of my limbs are protesting as I shift again.

    I make my way to the warriors that came with us initially. Some of them areing back to after being unconscious, either because of exhaustion or because of injuries. When they open their eyes and theynd on me, they immediately get spooked, even attempting to crawl away from me. When they realize I''m not chasing them or showing any signs of hostility, they stop. I would shift back to being human to exin but honestly, I don''t want them to see me naked.

    One by one I check on them, moving some of them with my snout until they wake up. Unfortunately, four of them are dead.

    The warriors that have managed to get up are helping those who can''t.

    "We''lle back for their bodies," one of them says, limping away towards the castle. Once they''re on their way, I turn towards the castle, limping and with my tail hanging low between my legs. Despite the fact that we won, I feel defeated. At what cost did we win this battle?

    With every step that takes me closer to Noah I feel my heart beat faster. I have heard wonderful things about the lycan healers that used to inhabit the castle; fortunately, many of them came back once they heard Alistair was no longer King. They are no doubt treating Noah now.

    As a doctor myself, the hardest thing to do is to not intervene when a loved one is being treated, and I know that if I made my way back to the castle with Noah, I would have been difficult to control; especially now.

    When I enter the castle, the overwhelming smell of blood causes my eyes to sting. Warriors, students, guards, and even cooks are helping pick up bodies; both ours and from Alistair''s army.

    I notice the surviving members of Alistair''s army off to a corner, chained like prisoners to the pirs of the castle; several of them are crying.

    The tragedy of it all is that none of these soldiers chose to be here; they were being controlled by the witch. I can''t imagine the panic they felt once they came to and realized what they were doing; especially seeing all of the death around them. Everyone pauses what they''re doing to stare at me as I make my way through the castle, following Noah''s scent.

    He''s been taken to the King''s wing for some reason, and I make my way up the stairs until I reach the entry.

    There are two beaten up guards at the entrance, they immediately open the doors, inferring it''s me.

    When I reach the middle of the hallway, Noah''s scent begins to be mixed with someone else''s; it''s strange but then I realize it''s perhaps because they had to get him a blood transfusion, or several.

    I notice Lucas''s scent and focus on that instead.

    I find Lucas, Elden and Caleb sitting outside of a room, pacing.

    When I approach, Elden notices me first, sniffing the air.

    "Vera?"

    Ie close to him and lower my forehead to his.

    "Oh, Vera," he says, cing his hands on the fur of my face, "We''re still waiting for the healers toe out, it might take a while."

    I nod. Of course, I understand.

    When I remove my forehead from Elden''s, I notice Caleb is looking at me... differently. There no longer is the lost, distant look he had before.

    Elden notices the direction of my gaze and nods,

    "I don''t know what happened. We were sitting at the library tunnels when he suddenly just became... lucid. He hasn''t said much but maybe he was also under some sort of spell? Like the rest of the army? It''s just a theory." Elden shakes his hand dismissively, as if the theory is too far-fetched, even for him.

    I nod but don''t take my eyes away from Caleb''s. After a few moments, he speaks,

    "Is my son alive?" he asks tantly; there is something defiant about his stare.

    I shake my head and he breaks away from my gaze, turning towards the firece in the center of the wall. I feel his mood change; I feel his grief.

    In my wolf form, I am much more aware of... everything, even people''s emotions; it''s exhausting. I look around for some form of clothing or anything to cover me before I turn.N?vel/Dr(a)ma.Org - Content owner.

    "Here," Lucas notices my intentions and takes off his shirt. I dly ept it and scoot off to a corner to change.

    His shirt is clean, I assume he picked it up after carrying Noah. It''s huge on me so it covers just above my knees.

    When I reappear, Lucas''s eyes go wide.

    "Vera, you should get your wounds checked," hees towards me, fixated on the massive wound on my leg.

    I hadn''t noticed how bad it actually was; just like I hadn''t noticed the trail of blood I was leaving behind me in my wolf form. My inherited healing abilities have indeed kicked in, but it just goes to show how deep the wound is.

    "Wait here," Lucas says after I shake my head. He disappears through a hallway. There is nothing that will move me from this ce until I know Noah is going to be okay. Hees back with fresh rags and fresh water, "at least let me clean that for you."

    I nod and he brings me a chair to sit on, beginning to work on cleaning up the grime and dirt from the wound. It stings, but I don''t flinch; I don''t have the energy to even do that.

    After he''s done, he leaves again, returning several minutester with a shirt on and a hoodie for me, which he literally has to force me into. I hadn''t even realized how cold I was.

    I feel an undeniable numbness in my heart.

    The minutes pass and I can feel them as if they were ticking inside my stomach. Waiting for the healers toe out making is making me inch closer and closer to a full blown panic attack.

    I close my eyes and focus on my breathing, bringing my hands together and squeezing them as much as I can, just to concentrate on anything else but my anguish.

    Hours pass, and finally, a healeres out. He''s old, even older than Dr. Owens, but to me that just means more experience.

    He steps out, cleaning his hands which are full of blood with a rag.

    "He''s stable. He lost a lot of blood, I''m afraid, and the wound is quite severe. We have done everything we can, now it''s up to him."

    I step forward.

    "Can we see him?" I ask.

    "Are you his mate?" he asks, slightly contemptuous I might add.

    "She is," Caleb says, crossing his arms in the distance and eyeing the healer with equal hostility. "Fine. But only you, it will be good for the King to heal with his *mate* by his side."

    He throws the rag on the floor and walks away. When I step into the room, I notice there are two other people here, cleaning up everything; one of them is a woman.

    Noah is heavily bandaged and the smell of herbs is intense. I make a mental note to ask about his medication, and in case that there isn''t any, I have to get him some; pain killers for when he wakes up, antibiotics for possible infections. I won''t allow him to be treated like we''re in the middle-ages.

    "Excuse our healer," the woman says when she notices me, "he''s very old so he still believes in the older ways, and you''re ''

    "Yes, yes. A *wolf*"

    The other person turns to look at me, as if this is a surprise; but then I notice he''s human and he''d have no way to smell the wolf in me.

    "We''re done here," she tells me, "Please don''t hesitate to call if you need anything or if his condition changes."

    "Actually, we need to move him," they both stare at me, "Lucas!" I call.

    When hees in, the smell instantly hits him and he grimaces, his nose ring.

    "We have to move him," I say, "this ce stinks of Alistair."

    "Definitely. Where do you want him?" He asks.

    "Our room," I say.

    Lucas leaves.

    "Are you sure he should be moved right now?" The female healeres to me.

    "I think Noah can smell this disgusting scent even unconscious; it''s best we move him before he wakes up."

    "If he wakes up..." The male healers says under his breathe.

    I turn to him, waiting for an exnation and he gulps as his eyes meet mine. He knows he said something he shouldn''t have; a foot in the mouth moment.

    "Master healer Josiah said he smelled magic on him; if he was hexed, his physical wound is the least of his worries," He exins.

    "But he is a great warrior, and a royal, surely you have nothing to worry about." the female healer says.

    When the witch put that spell on him; he didn''t die. What is it she had said? Mortem? Could it be possible that the spell is still working on him, even if the witch is dead?

    A few minutester, Lucases in with a few guards and a stretch bed, moving Noah with extreme caution and carrying him to our room. Fortunately, the way to our room does not require us go to the more popted parts of the castle; I would hate for everyone to see him like this.

    They ce Noah on our bed and leave.

    "If you need anything else, you know where to find me," Lucas says, giving my hand a gentle squeeze before leaving. I smile and thank him before shutting the door behind him.

    I go to our bathroom to retrieve a couple of clean rags and some soapy water. The healers tended to his wounds and his wounds only; the rest of him is still a bloody, dirty mess. I start by gently cleaning his face, his neck, his hands and his legs. I''m relieved to see that the minor cuts and wounds have almostpletely healed, meaning the spell hasn''t hindered his ability to physically heal; still, I have to fight the urge to cry as I clean him up.

    When I touch him, I actually feel my ears slightly ringing; meaning the spell is alive and well within him, even if he appears to be sleeping passively. I can actually, somehow, feel the spell coursing through his veins like poison.

    Once I''m done, I head into the bathroom and clean myself up. It''s a hasty shower since I''m anxious to return to Noah.

    I know what I have to do, I just don''t know if it will work.

    Toweling myself dry, I put on one of hisrge t-shirts and make my way to his side. I crawl up

    on the bed and straddle him as carefully as I can, mindful of his injuries.

    Moving his neck slightly to its side, I bare his neck and elongate my teeth. Maybe my mark will do for him, what his has done for me.

###Chapter86

    -Noah-

    "Noah!" Veraughs, it''s the sweetest sound in the world, "we have to get out of this room!"

    "Tomorrow, I promise," I say, nibbling at her neck.

    "You said that four days ago!" She protests.

    "This time it''s for real," I lie, again, moving my hand to caress her breasts.

    "You said that two days ago!" She''s trying to push me off of her rather feebly; I know what spots to kiss and lick to get my way by now.

    From what Vera told me, I had been unconscious for two entire weeks, making everyone wonder if I was going to wake up at all. It turns out, even after my physical wounds were already healed, I needed a little more time for my body to fight off the witch''s spell. Vera''s idea to mark me was brilliant. Considering my healing abilities were transmitted to her from my mark, it made perfect sense that hers would also be shared with me; only her healing abilities are more so catered to magic. Not that I didn''t give her shit when I found out she marked me while I was unconscious; I had ns of how I wanted to be marked and they didn''t involve being asleep.

    When I finally opened my eyes and Vera exined everything. I made her lock the room and not tell anyone I had woken up. Well, it''s been an entire week since I woke up and we have not left this room once. It''s fine though. Not a day had gone by before people started noticing all the noiseing from this room; if that didn''t hint at my full recovery, I don''t know what would.

    "You know, I wouldn''t mind spending another week couped up in here with you," I tell her as I lift up her shirt. Really, that''s been the only barrier between us as I have not once put on clothes and she wears nothing underneath my t-shirt.

    I never got to tell her how much I loved that she wore my t-shirt and nothing else to sleep; it''s about time I showed her.

    I dive beneath the shirt and take one of her breasts in my mouth, teasing her n****e with my tongue and teeth.

    She''s no longer protesting.

    She arches her back, silently pleading for more.

    I move on to the next breast; licking, biting and teasing them back and forth.

    Now she''s finally moaning; it''s quiet, but it''s all the encouragement I need.

    I start to smell her need and grin to myself, confidently moving past her breasts, making my way down her soft skin. I can''t exin how much I love her reaction as I lick and nick at her skin gently; I can feel her goosebumps with my tongue. When I reach her most sensitive spot, I part her legs without much effort, beginning to gently and slowly kiss her clit, teasing her more.Content ? provided by N?velDrama.Org.

    "Are you kidding me?"

    I smile, intending on teasing her until she goes crazy.

    After only a few minutes, she gets up quickly, lifting my face with both of her hands; we''re both sitting now, only she''s straddling me and grinding up against me.

    "I like you impatient," I smile into her kiss.

    She keeps kissing me; it''s a desperate kiss, but today I n on taking my time with her. I don''t know how much longer the council will let me evade my responsibilities as King, so I n to make the most of it.

    I hug her with one arm while my free hand goes to her hair, slowing her down.

    "You just like to torture me, don''t you?" she breathes into my mouth.

    "Maybe," I smile.

    I''ve been doing that a lottely.

    I position myself at her entrance and she slowly lowers herself onto me. Her head tilts back slightly, giving me ess to kiss her neck, right where my mark sits proudly. She moans loudly this time.

    I was wrong; *this* is the sweetest sound in the world.

    She starts moving her hips slowly, up and down, up and down, while holding on to my shoulders. I can feel us both begin to build up to an orgasm.

    I didn''t realize it was possible but ever since she marked me, our connection got much stronger. Now, we are truly one and I feel her as if she lived inside my chest; I am in tune to her moods, her feelings, her needs and her fears. Vera keeps moaning softly as she builds up to her orgasm and I''m just enjoying the view when a knock interrupts us. Vera''s eyes fly open and she stares at me wide eyed; she''s also stopped moving.

    I growl.

    "What?!"

    I yell at the door, already annoyed that they''d make Vera stop.

    "Uh... Your Highness?" Comes a small, trepidatious voice from the other side of the door, "we''ve had to call for an emergency council meeting... the uh... the rogue attacks have intensified and we... we''d like to request your presence." Vera chuckles,

    "Well, Your Highness," she sits up, letting me slip out of her and I gape at her, "it seems like duty calls."

    She gets up from the bed, heading to the shower.

    Or so she thinks.

    I bolt from the bed, feeling my lycan begin to stir.

    "Your... Highness?" The voice asks again.

    "LEAVE," my lycan says. I hear the person shuffling away in a hurry after that; I can smell his fear.

    I intercept Vera before she enters the bathroom and she gasps at the suddenness.

    "And you would use *me* of t*****e?"

    She chuckles but I''m too impatient now.

    I lift her up, cing her back against the wall while my arms snake the backs of her knees; putting in her in the position I want. She''s helpless like this and she hangs onto my shoulders for support. I enter her quickly, crudely, and her eyes flutter close as she moans. The sound of her wetness as I m into her again and again, coupled with her wild moans, is driving me crazy.

    I growl, my lycan just below the surface, enjoying this as much as I am.

    I kiss her, lick her, nick her, until I feel her tense around my erection, signaling that she''s about to o****m. After a few more plunges into her she starts spasming; her muscles squeeze my dick for all its worth, making the next few thrusts my undoing. We both moan out our orgasms, sinking into each other for support. We''re a sweaty, tired mess, and I wouldn''t change a thing about it.

    Without putting her down, I carry her to the shower, her eyes now sleepy and her bodypletely rxed.

    She leans her back to my chest as I turn on the shower.

    "You know, I think this technically counts as a wolf-moon," she says.

    "A what?"

    "A wolf-moon. When two wolves be mates and mark each other, they''re not expected at ss or their jobs for weeks. Now I know why."

    I begin tother her hair with shampoo and we both take a few moments to clean ourselves before we head out, reluctantly I might add, to the real world.

    When we''re done, we get dressed and head to the council meeting room, ready to face whateveres next.

###Chapter87

    -Vera-

    "Are you sure you want to do this, Liam?" I ask as we head towards one of the alternate entrances to the castle. It''s midnight and only the night guards are up.

    "I don''t really have a choice." He says, resolute.

    Noah had given Liam the chance to run away with Harriet and they were about to do just that, or so he thought. Harriet stabbed Liam in his back numerous times, leaving him for dead and shing her mark off of his neck before taking off on her own. Now, instead of being branded by his mate''s love, he is branded forever by his mate''s rejection.

    It makes me angry that I didn''t kill her when I had the chance. Now, she''s run off to goddess knows where and Liam has volunteered to go after her and kill her himself. This is his one chance to redeem himself in the eyes of his peers; if he fails, he might as well note back.

    He slings his bag over his shoulder and turns to Noah, who has his arms crossed. Liam simply nods at him and starts to turn his back to us, but before he can, Noah stops him. He gets closer to him and gives him a hug and a few pats on his back. "You always have a home here, Liam, remember that."

    Liam nods but he doesn''t hug Noah back. His eyesnd on mine and I smile slightly, he does too, but those are undeniably the eyes of a broken man.

    When Noah breaks off the hug, hees to stand at my side and I wave as Liamposes himself and heads into the woods.

    His real mission, assigned by the council, is to infiltrate the rogues that are progressively taking over more and more lycan territory; but his mission to find Harriet has been sanctioned by Noah; he will take care of both missions at the same time. Noah and I stay looking at Liam''s figure as he disappears into the woods, his shoulders somewhat slumped.

    "I''m surprised you offered him toe back," I say.

    "That man has been through enough. I can''t even imagine what a mess I''d be if you ever... left."

    "Harriet didn''t just leave." I point out.

    "Which makes it worse."

    "What happens when a mark is removed?" I ask.

    "Absolutely nothing, the connection is still there. Removing a mark is only done to humiliate someone, to show the rest of the world that you''re not even wanted by your mate."

    "I swear I should have killed her," I mutter.

    "No," he turns to me, "I should have. I made the mistake of trusting Liam''smon sense."

    He takes my hand and leads me into the council meeting room again. It''s empty at this time of night, and I''m surprised he wants toe back here after we spent almost all day sitting here.

    There is a massive map in the middle of the table with all kinds of figurines, depicting where our warriors are and how the rogues are expanding into the territory.

    After a few minutes of admiring the map, Noah speaks.

    "I don''t want anyone knowing you''re half witch." he says.

    "Noah, I think it''s pretty evident," I frown at him.

    "I''ve had the guys ask around, most of them think your... abilities...e from being a wolf. Most of them had never met a wolf in their lives, much less a witch," he says, looking at the map. "And why don''t you want them to know, exactly?"

    "Lycans are simple creatures; they know a witch was behind Alistair''s attack and they''ll put you into the same bag as her if they knew you were also a witch... and you''re already a wolf and you know how hard that''s been for you."

    I stay quiet for a moment. There are a lot of changes happening very quickly, and even if Noah is the legitimate king, he still has a lot to prove to the council and more importantly, to his people.Please visit Jo :b nib and search the book title to read the entire book for free. If they found out his mate is a witch... on top of being a wolf...

    "I''m sorry Vera. It won''t be forever," he says, turning to me and putting his hands on my arms, "I promise as soon as I know it''s safe for you, you wont have to hide but for now..."

    "No," I interrupt him, "it makes perfect sense. Besides, we don''t want that Witch Mother finding out who I am just yet."

    He raises his eyebrow at me this time.

    "It''s a long story." I exin.

    Someone clears their throat behind us. Both Noah and I turn to the door and it''s none other than Beta Caleb.

    "May I have a ...word?" He says.

    I turn to leave to give them some privacy, but he stops me.

    "No, please, with both of you, if that''s okay."

    Noah nods and we sit at the table. Caleb closes the door behind him before sitting across from us.

    "Uhm, I''ve been meaning to talk to you both, I feel like... I feel like I owe you two an exnation... to the entire council really... I just haven''t... I''m still..." His hand brushes over his head in exasperation, "I''m sorry I don''t even know where to start." "Take your time," I smile at him.

    He smiles back but there is so much sadness in his gaze.

    "So, Elden tells me you already know who your father is," he looks at Noah.

    "And my mother," Noah interrupts him.

    "Yes, you already know you''re half wolf. Luckily from what I can tell, you seem to be mostly lycan," he says and Noah nods in confirmation, "well, nobody knew who your mother was, in fact nobody knew King Alexander even had a mate, much less that she was a wolf. He didn''t mind people knowing, but she was already mated to someone else and for the sake avoiding conflict with the wolves, we kept it quiet. Only he, Ellie and I knew."

    Noah perks up.

    "Yes, her name was Ellie Goldmoon,"

    "From the... Gold Moon n?" I interject, my mouth hanging open.

    "You know them?"

    "I know of them. Much like the Allens, Sofia''s bloodline, the Goldmoons are what in wolf society would be considered royalty. They have the second biggest pack in all the territory, after ours."N?velDrama.Org owns ? this.

    "Correct. Which is why her rtionship to your father had to be kept a secret. That and..."

    He pauses, looking at us apprehensively.

    "That and what?" Noah asks.

    "Everything changed with Alistair of course, because he wasn''t a royal he didn''t follow royal protocol, but Noah... the King is not supposed to mate with his... mate," he says.

    I frown.

    "What kind of bullshit is that?" Noah asks, irritated.

    "The kind of bullshit that keeps alliances stable and territories safe," he says seriously, "even if you already have a mate," he eyes my mark on Noah''s neck, "you are meant to marry someone who can provide alliances beneficial to the kingdom. Your mate is never supposed to bare your children, only your spouse is."

    I''m gaping at him.

    Noah sits up and begins to pace, probably trying to calm himself down.

    "I know, I know. It *is* bullshit, but I didn''t make the rules," he puts his hands up.

    "Is that what you came to say?! To "suggest" I take a "spouse?" Noah''s lycan has begun to swirl

    in his pupils and I go to him, taking his hands in mine.

    "Hey, hey, look at me. Nobody is going to separate us, Noah. Breathe, calm down."

    "No, no, I... I actually came here to apologize. What happened with Alistair, everything with your parents, it was all my fault," his voice cracks.

    We both turn to look at him as his hand flies to his face, covering his eyes. After heposes himself, he turns to us again.

    "Alistair started seeing a witch many, many years ago. I should have stopped it. I should have known that nothing good coulde out of it and I did nothing. She tricked him into believing she was his mate with some... some spell... I ..." he adjusts his throat, "it''s the same witch that hexed me and the same one that was controlling his army. I never knew what her interest in Alistair was, it was just clear to me that she wanted your father dead for some reason. Noah," he looks at him seriously, "you survived by chance, because nobody knew of your existence."

    Noah sits back and crosses his arms as he thinks, then he looks at me but before he speaks, I know what he wants,

    "I''ll ask them." I say gently.

    "Thank you."

    He grabs my hand and kisses it. Caleb regarding the gesture with a look.

    "In truth, I came here to apologize for not killing my son when I had the chance. All of this, your father''s death, Alistair''s atrocious rule, it''s all because of me."

    He''s looking at the floor now.

    "There''s a lot of regret going aroundtely," I say absentmindedly, thinking of Harriet.

    "The only thing I have to offer, Noah... Your Highness... is my service at your side. I may not be beta material anymore, but I have learned from all of my mistakes, even the ones I made with your father. When the entire world is against you, Noah, I will be on your side, always, if you will have me."

    The sincerity is obvious in his eyes.

    After a few moments, Noah gets up and goes to Caleb''s side, who hastily gets up and tries to bow but Noah stops him, taking his hand and shaking it.

    "You have a deal," Noah says and Caleb smiles, his eyes ssy.

    When the moment is over, he turns to me,

    "And I owe you an apology, Vera. When I saw your eyes I just... I know one witch does not represent all but I just... my pledge to be on Noah''s side of course applies to you as well." "My eyes?" I frown.

    "Your wolf''s eyes," he says as if this is supposed to ring a bell. When he notices my frown he continues, "Vera, your wolf''s eyes are white, like a witch''s."

    Huh?

###Chapter88

    -Vera-

    "What do you mean her eyes are white?"

    "Didn''t you see her wolf? Her fur is also pearl white... and... iridescent. I had never seen anything like it either." Caleb says.

    I''m surprised by what he''s saying. Having white fur for wolves is rare enough, but what he''s describing is impossible. Noah c***s an eyebrow at Caleb.

    "Are you sure you weren''t hallucinating? You had juste out of the spell and maybe you were seeing things," Noah says.

    "I''m not making anything up, you can ask that other kid that was with us."

    Noah turns to me,

    "Lucas," I rify.

    Noah frowns.

    "That means you will also not be able to turn into your wolf in public, Vera," he points out.

    "Noah, I already walked through the entire castle in my wolf form."

    "You did what?!"

    "What? You preferred they see me naked?"

    "I wouldn''t worry too much about it," Caleb interjects, "not many people have been exposed to wolves as much as I have, many probably just think that''s normal."

    "I would still like for no one to know she''s half witch, I don''t think it''s safe."

    "Or convenient." Caleb adds, "I agree."

    I roll my eyes.

    Nothing like men making decisions for me.

    Caleb clears his throat.

    "I think it''s better we all get some rest. The real work begins now. We can meet tomorrow to n the future steps to regain control of the territory the rogues have taken over and... the other thing." Noah stands up as Caleb does, both shaking hands.

    "Let me make one thing clear," Noah says, holding his hand firmly, "I would rather give up the throne and all of this shit than take in a ''spouse''. Vera is my mate, whether they like it or not. The *only* reason why I''m having her hide her identity is because of fear for her safety, *not* because it''s convenient to me."

    Noah''s stance is rxed, but there is a clear threat in his tone and my heart starts beating a little bit faster.

    Caleb sighs, briefly ncing at me.

    "Quite frankly, I expect nothing less from Alexander''s son."

    With that, they both release each other''s hands and Caleb starts turning away, not before nodding my way and giving me a long look. I don''t smile at him as I usually would; I feel like there''s something he''s not telling us and it''s irking me. "We really should get some rest," Noahes to me, extending his hand for me to take.

    I nod and get up, Noah noticing my frown.

    "Vera, don''t worry about it. Nobody is going toe between us, I won''t let it happen. I mean it when I say I will never take in a spouse that isn''t you."

    I turn to him, my frown deepening.

    Oh.

    "Noah, just to be clear. I will kill any bitch that even attempts to flirt with you," heughs, "It''s not that, it''s... do you feel like he''s hiding something?" "Who? Caleb?"

    I nod.

    "Not really, I thought he was sincere."

    "So do I, but there''s something else, too."

    "Let''s not think about that right now, let''s go get some sleep. We have meetings tomorrow; they start early."

    I take his hand and smile at him, reassuringly. It does little to ease my nerves though.

    When we get to our room, we each change andy in bed.

    Noah is soon rolling to his side and putting his big arm around me, already half asleep. I cuddle into him, my back to his chest. I rx and focus on his even, passive breathing until it lulls me to sleep.

    *I know why Mehra wanted Noah''s family dead.*

    I open my eyes.

    I''m in my aunt and grandma''s realm.

    I grunt.

    *Hi, Margaret,* I say, not amused. I really wanted a peaceful sleep tonight.

    *Vera, I''m sorry to bring you in, but we need to talk.*

    I rub my eyes and look at her, giving her my full attention.

    *You already heard from Beta Caleb that Mehra used Alistair to dethrone King Alexander," she says.

    I raise an eyebrow,

    *Who''s Mehra?*

    *The witch you killed, the one controlling Alistair''s army and the one who tricked him into believing she was his mate.*

    *You said she wanted Noah''s family dead?*

    *Yes. Ever since the battle, when Noah broke free from her spell, I''ve been wondering if he could have a natural defense against magic since he still didn''t have your mark and protection. It turns out, Noahes from a long line of warriors that fought against witches for generations; they were essentially witch hunters. They were a catalyst for the end of the age of witches and had, presumably, developed some form of resistance against magic.*

    Now my interest has peaked.

    *So they wanted revenge on his family?*

    *It''s worse than that. There is a prophecy, Vera, that says that thest battle against witch kind will be led by the ''first son of the first son.'' Noah''s ancestors were known to recruit the first son''s of every willing family to fight against witches. The Witch Mother probably assumed that the prophecy referred to someone from Noah''s family line. That''s why they needed King Alexander killed, only they didn''t know he''d had a son.*

    My chest constricts at this.

    *So now that he''s taking over the throne, and it''s known that he''s King Alexander''s son...*

    "They will likelye for him again.*

    I gulp, dread settling in my stomach.

    "That''s not all," she says, "chatter has begun. Vera. The witch''s felt your magic when you turned into your wolf form. It seems that spirit wolves in their beast form are not only conductors for magic like us, they *are* magic itself. If you ever fell in the wrong hands...* She shutters before she can finish her sentence. Then, shees close to me and puts her hands on either side of my face, making me look into her eyes.

    *Vera, we will do everything we can to protect you and Noah. In the meantime, we suggest you keep a low profile. The witches know Mehra is dead, and they know there was a pure magical essence around her, but they don''t know much else. I need you to go to the forest and burn whatever remains are left of her, to block out any chance of them knowing exactly where she is and finding out about you. We will also need to continue your training in here.*

    I nod, feeling overwhelmed at everything that she''s telling me. We just got rid of Alistair, we just got rid of that witch, and we have so much on our tes already... to think of another battle... Margaret hugs me.

    *It will be fine, Vera. I promise.*

    I hug her back, closing my eyes and taking in whateverfort she can offer me, but there is nothing she can do or say to reassure me.

    When I open my eyes again, I am in Noah''s embrace once again.

    I carefully slip out of bed without waking him and put on some clothes and a hoodie, getting ready to go outside.

    I make my way past the corridors of the castle, getting to the kitchen to retrieve some matches, paper, and oil. It''s around four or five in the morning and the only people up right now are the guards. When I''m at the exit, I greet the guards with a nod and they do the same, not questioning where I was going.

    I get to the ce where we had fought Alistair and the witch, noticing that our warrior''s bodies had indeed been removed.

    I keep walking until I find the ce where I killed the witch, Mehra. Her body is still here, dposing at an elerated rate. It doesn''t even look like a young woman''s body, it looks like an elderly one.

    I dip the paper in the oil and attempt to light it up with the matches.

    *You don''t need that.* I hear a voice inside my head. *Grandma?* I think.

    *Yes. I can use your wolf as a direct channel to you even when you''re awake. Put your hands in the soil, child, and think of the fire you want to create. What it will smell like, feel like, and how it will serve you.*

    I do as I''m told and crouch down a few feet away from the witch''s body. I close my eyes and take several deep breathes, calming my mind. Then, in one strong exhale, the fire starts around the witch''s body, slowly making its way to my target. *Very good.* I hear in my head.

    I smile and get up, hugging myself and enjoying the warmth of the fire in this chilly night.

    The sun has begun to peek through the horizon and the forest is starting to be alive with the diurnal animals beginning to wake up.

    An ominous chill suddenly runs down my spine as the fire reaches the witch''s body and ignites it in a ball of fire. Soon her bones are cracking under the pressure of the me.

    The wind starts blowing from the west and I turn my face towards it. A sense of forebodingN?velDrama.Org owns ? this.

    settles in the pit of my stomach, almost making me nauseous.

    I hug myself tighter.

    There is a war looming in the horizon.

###Chapter89

    -Vera-

    "Do we really have to do this?" I moan.

    "Vera, we discussed this before, you can''t turn into your wolf."

    "But it will be much faster if I do!"

    I''m pouting.

    "Noah is right, doc. We can''t risk anyone seeing you. These people probably have scouts beyond their "You''re unbearable ever since you became beta, Eli. You don''t have to kiss Noah''s ass every time," I cr Eli''s lycan scoffs, I assume in amusement.

    So far, my wolf has been relegated to appear only at night and very far from the castle. Did I mention driving me mad.

    Noah quickly disposes of his clothes and turns to his lycan in front of me, kneeling with his back to m I take a deep breathe, trying to control my temper, and get on his back.

    Soon after, we are running past the forest, in the direction of our destination.

    Five months have passed since we defeated Alistair. Five months of constant work trying to rebuild th came along.

    Of course, Elden has seen to the return of the schrs and students. The library has been thoroughly help their teachers in hopes of bing schrs themselves.

    ry to look out for rogues," Eli says right before turning to his lycan form and putting our bags over his shoulders. arms and turn my head up to give him the stink eye.

    o turn with a chaperone? I wish I was kidding. Noah has tasked either Eli or Lucas to watch over me when I turn on the nights that he can''t be with me. It''s

    an climb up.

    om to its former glory. We''ve had schrs, students, warriors, healers, and diplomats return to the castle to try and get back to what it was before Alistair

    d and now houses a tiny army of people who are sorting, cleaning, and restoring books as we speak. Alongside them, students havee back as well to

    I personally have overseen the return of the healers and have started a training course for women wh think they are deities. At first, I thought they had a reason to be so arrogant, but their ''medicine'' wasn that cloth they give you, it is the only relief they''ll provide. Why? Because Lycans can take it. That''s it. have had several nightmares since learning this where Noah dies at their hands; had I known all of th I struggled with them for a few months, trying to make them understand that their practices were borderline barbaric, but they would just shut me down. Until one day, I had enough of their bullshit and nted myself at the entrance of the medical halls, not letting anyone in; I essentially sent them all home. Just like that.

    to be nurses. It''s been incredibly challenging, not only because I''m an outsider and a woman, but because healers are just a bunch of assholes who taught in my medical program... it is *that* outdated. They''re brutes who don''t even use anesthesia most of the time. Amputation? You better bite down on ll the reasoning behind it. I still have to suppress the urge to roll my eyes every time they exin procedures like that to me, simply because it''s stupid. I re, I would have cut my own leg before letting them operate on him the day we defeated Alistair.

    They had audiences with their King, whom I fortunately happen to be sleeping with, and it became clear since then that they had no protection from him whatsoever.

    "I don''t think you understand that if you don''t do as she says, she will just train an entire generation of *doctors* without you. *You* are not necessary, she''s invited you all here out of courtesy," Noah had told them. "Not to mention she''s a healer in her own right, *and* a warrior, guess who lycans are going to favor?" Eli had said.

    Ever since then, everyone got the point; either get in line, or leave. It''s quite simple, though it angered me that they couldn''t take my word for it and had to hear it from Noah and Eli. Not that it has been a smooth ride, they do as I say but through gritted teeth. If there is one thing that these past months have taught us, is that there is a lot more work to be done to return this kingdom to its former glory. But if there is one thing that they have taught me, is that I don''t know if it''s worth going back to its former glory. Even if lycans held great territories and were once incredibly rich, the policy of not changing, not evolving, was not started by Alistair; it was started and perpetuated by Noah''s ancestors. Afterall, why fix something that isn''t broken?

    They stayed almost frozen in a gone by era, one that I read of in books as a *child* and even then, it was mere history to us, not a reality. They haven''t expanded nor diversified their economic sectors, having agriculture as their main economic pir. This was fine before because of the sheer amount ofnd they held and the gross number of farmers, but rogue invasions and pige has naturally crippled such a fragile economy.

    Indeed, Noah has a bigger task at hand than we could ever have imagined.

    After several hours of running and walking, we stop at a clearing. Each lycan puts down their bags and shifts right in front of me; I avert my eyes since I don''t feel like seeing any of them naked...ever.

    Noah leans down, letting me get off his back and shifts, quickly putting on his clothes.

    "Hey, how was that?" He asks me, taking my cold hands in his and rubbing them gently. I appreciate the warmth it provides and smile up at him.

    "It was fine," I lie.

    My core, arms, and legs are on fire from holding on to him this long. Running in my wolf form would have been much more pleasant.

    "We should set up camp. It''s getting ratherte and we still have a day''s worth of travel left," Lucas says.

    "King? Could I have a word?" Council member Williames closer, interrupting us.

    "Noah, please."

    William smiles.

    "Noah, could I have a word?"

    Noah turns to me.This belongs to N?velDrama.Org - ?.

    "No no, it''s okay for her to listen, of course," he rifies.

    With that, we begin walking away from the group so as to not be heard.

    "So, I understand Caleb has already prepared you for what you might encounter once we get to our destination."

    Our destination. Right.

    Did I mention what this trip even was?

    We are on a journey to visit all of the ''royal families'' that used to support the crown; those rich families that used to give money to the Castle in exchange for well-trained soldiers to protect theirnd, and therefore, the kingdom''snd.

    Alistair cut them off, well aware of how the castle would suffer once they stopped giving him money, but it was a calcted risk. The only real Royal Family is Noah''s family; hence they respect their position. But Alistair? He knew that any given day the families could plot against him and put their own King on the throne; afterall, Alexander was believed to be thest true King and since he had never publicly produced an heir, the power vacuum would have been too great had these families been left unchecked. In turn, Alistair sacrificed the protection they offered to the vast lycan territory, making them an easy target to rogue invasions. Which is why we''re here. We need for them to protect their territories once again, with the support of the crown of course. "He did," Noah says.

    "Well, as you both know, this is a distant part of my family, so even if Caleb exined the basics, I have to be honest with you," we both just stare at him, encouraging him to continue as he adjusts his throat, "well, Cecil, my second cousin, lost her husband to a rogue invasion. It has left their family structure crippled and in need of a male heir. Of course, Cecil is much too old to bear any more children, but she does have a daughter, the only child toe from her marriage. and she''s uhm... of age," he finishes. Noah raises his eyebrow at him, but I can feel his anger rising as if it were my own.

    "I - I know you were clear about this Your Highness, but the only way the Council found to have the families host us was to promise the... the possibility of you taking a wife."

    Noah''s jaw clenches furiously and William instinctively lowers his head.

    "I''m sorry, Your Highness, we tried everything, but they don''t care for anything else, not even to regain theirnds and riches, they want more. They want their sacrifices recognized and this is the only way."

    I turn to look at Eli, Lucas, and Caleb who are now staring at us; their attention drawn by Noah''s murderous aura.

    As weird as it is, I think Noah before bing King was not at his full warrior potential. He was never challenged, not really, but now that he has had to takemand of an entire Kingdom, his presence is very hard to ignore; much like an Alpha for wolves. As wolves, we are *all* aware when an Alpha walks into a space. It makes me wonder if this ising from his mother''s side; his wolf side.

    Calebes close to us, cautiously, having overheard at least thest bit of the conversation.

    "Before you say anything, Noah, just know that you don''t actually have to marry any of them. They were never promised you would take a wife, only that you would consider it. All we ask is that you, and Vera," he turns to look at me, "pretend like you''re open to it." "Fine. Fine. Sorry, I have to get my temper in check." Noah says waving his hand dismissively. releasing the collective tension that his aura had created in all of us. "Now if you''d excuse me, I''d like some time alone with my mate."

    He takes my hand and turns his back on Caleb and William, leading us into the forest.

    "You know, you really don''t have to scare them to death every time the topic..."

    He kisses me before I can finish the sentence and I melt into his kiss, wrapping my arms around his neck. It''s a passionate kiss, one that we haven''t shared in a long time. He uses his hands to freely roam over my back, my breasts, my legs, until he gets to my hips and lifts them, wrapping my legs around his hips.

    I''m pinned up against a tree as he ravages my mouth, something I wee and reciprocate.

    When he breaks the kiss, we are both panting.

    "We can''t, not here," I tell him, painfully aware of both of our needs.

    "I know, I know. I just... I miss you."

    I look into his eyes and coup his face gently with both of my hands.

    "I miss you, too."

    I kiss him again, this time gently.

    He moans.

    "Do you know how long it''s been since I''ve made love to you?"

    "Don''t remind me," I groan.

    It''s been weeks, maybe even a month already, since we''ve been intimate. It''s just been very hard now that we were both working nonstop and he has Council meetings until theter hours of the night. The times we actually managed to share a bed, we are both too tired to do anything.

    I put my forehead on his and close my eyes.

    "We have to do this, Noah. Even if it''s just pretending, it''s what the kingdom needs."

    "I know. I just don''t want... you''re not just side piece to me, and they''re all making it seem like you should be. It makes me want to kill them all."

    I chuckle.

    "I''m d you haven''t given into your desires."

    He sighs.

    "Ok. We should get back. It''s getting darker and we need to set up camp."

    He lowers me to my feet and takes my hand, leading me back to the camp.

    Then I realize something.

    "So, your murderous aura..."

    "Yeah, it''s because we haven''t had s*x."

    I startughing uncontrobly, tears rim my eyes and I have to stop walking to wipe at them. The great King Noah, savior of the lycan race and beast of legends, has been pissy because he hasn''t been gettingid.

    He clicks his tongue and throws me over his shoulder, spanking my b**t loudly.

    "Keepughing like that and I won''t give a fuck if they all hear and see us."

    This makes meugh even harder. He really is in a mood.

    Like this, we make our way back to camp where the others have thankfully already gotten started on tonight''s dinner.

###Chapter90

    -Vera-

    "Please tell me we are close," Eli says.

    "We''re close, only about one more hour," Caleb responds.

    "Had I known how much walking and running we had to do, I would''ve bailed," Lucas says.

    "You can''t go against your King''s orders, young man!" William scolds him.

    Lucas just rolls his eyes.

    He has grown so much these past months. I don''t know if it''s the fact that he''s getting older, or the experiences he''s gathered in this time, but he''s definitely maturing and I can''t help but smile at that. It''s like witnessing your little brother finally be a man. "Noah, when we get back you should consider training with us, without you it''s like we''re not training at all," he says.

    "Young man!" William scolds again.N?velDrama.Org owns ? this.

    Lucas stops.

    "The young man has a name," he replies, "Hi, I''m Lucas, it''s nice to meet you," he says extending his hand to William, mockingly.

    I giggle at this. Council member William is a lot more modern and epting than the rest of the Council, butpared to the youth, he''s very outdated.

    William ignores him and keeps walking, huffing and puffing as he goes past him.

    "What''s up his ass?" Lucas joins Noah and I as we walk behind all of them.

    "He''s old school, and you were never taught manners," Noah says, punching Lucas''s arm.

    He chuckles.

    "I mean it, Noah. You were one of us only a few months ago, we all support you as King, but you can''t neglect your troops."

    "I know. Thank you for telling me, I promise I''ll go train with you guys once we return."

    Noah smiles at him and this seems to satisfy Lucas, because he happily jogs back to Eli''s side.

    "And yet another thing I have to put on the list," he sighs.

    I smile sympathetically at him. Noah has a lot in his te right now. Everything from the Council meetings, training, tending to the new diplomats, healers, and schrs, designing economic and defense strategies against rogues. And now, hunting for a wife. Running a kingdom is hard enough, but rescuing a dying one? It''s almost impossible.

    "You can''t do everything at once, Noah. At least not now. You have to prioritize, which is why we''re here."

    "Everything is a priority, that''s the problem." he mumbles.

    "State your business in Queen Cecil''snd!"

    Queen Cecil?

    I raise an eyebrow at this and notice that we are quickly being surrounded by men with weapons, if you can even call them that.

    Noah instinctively ces me behind him, hiding me.

    "We are here for an audience with Cecil, I am Council member William, her cousin. This is Lucas, warrior of the Castle, Caleb, the former Beta to the great King Alexander, Eli, Beta to the current King, and Noah, his Royal Highness." They seem to rx a little at William''s introduction; the fact that he didn''t introduce me doesn''t go unnoticed.

    "My apologies, I didn''t realize your party would be this small. It''s quite dangerous out here, I was expecting his Royal Highness to travel with a small army."

    "We *are* a small army," Eli snaps back, not too pleased with their presence.

    "Again, my apologies, please, let us help you with the bags the rest of the way."

    When theye close to Noah and I, one of them catches my scent.

    "A wolf! They have a wolf with them!"

    Suddenly, they all stop what they are doing and pick their weapons back up, this time surrounding Noah and I.

    "I *suggest you lower your weapons, or else our visit here will be rather short and bloody," Noah growls.

    Noah''srge frame still covers me, but some of the soldiers havee close enough so that they

    can see me.

    "Ah, yes, yes. This is the King''s mate." William quickly introduces me; rather dismissively in my opinion.

    "A wolf?"

    "The King''s mate?! The king has a mate?"

    "Does Queen Cecil know His Highness has a mate?"

    "I can''t imagine Violet knew."

    "Why is she even here?"

    Theirments are mumbled amongst themselves, but not low enough.

    "She is my mate, under my direct protection. If that is a problem, please excuse us with "Queen* Cecil, but we will have to turn around and go back home," Noah says, his aura once again making itself known. The soldiers are visibly shaken by his presence; some even shutter.

    "No, no. My apologies once again, we were just not... expecting her. Please follow me,"

    The first soldier to speak speaks again. This time, all of the soldiers lower their weapons and begin walking.

    Noah keeps me tucked behind him to hide me from their curious stares. At one point, some of them were getting too close andfortable to his liking and he had to quietly growl at them so that they''d back up and give us some space. "Excuse my intrusion, Council member William," the first soldier says, not intending for anyone else to hear but we all do, "you know what your cousin''s ns were, why bring the King''s mate along? It might be a problem for..." "It won''t be, I''ll make sure of it," he says.

    Satisfied, the soldier goes back to lead the group into their territory. William nces our way, winking at me and Noah.

    I have to say, he''s putting up a very convincing front, maybe a little too convincing.

    When we reach the perimeters of the territory, the soldiers begin opening and searching our bags.

    "Excuse me! What do you think you''re doing?!" William protests.

    "This are express orders from Queen Cecil, Your Grace, everyone entering thesends must be searched."

    William nces at Eli and Caleb, both crossing their arms and frowning. Eli simply shrugs his shoulders, letting William know not to protest any further.

    "Okay, everything seems to be in order. Please,e -

    "I''m sorry, soldier, I didn''t catch your name," Eli says.

    "Oh, sorry my Lord, my name is Jeremy, at your service," he bows respectfully as he says this.

    Jeremy seems quite polite, the one I''m not liking very much is this Queen Cecil.

    "And tell me exactly why you keep calling my cousin, *Queen* Cecil?" William asks.

    "Her Grace appointed herself the Queen of hernd ever since King Alistair took over the throne, it''s all I''ve known her as my entire life," he says, obviously understanding the implications of calling her ''Queen'' in front of the actual King. His head stays low while the rest of us process what he said.

    After a moment of silence, Caleb clears his throat.

    "Well, Jeremy, I think it''s about time we meet this Queen of yours."

    Calebes close to Jeremy and pats his back, making him lightly flinch.

    "Yes, of course, please follow me."

    Once we are let in, the house looks like a mini castle. All of the outer walls are made of thick stone, like a small fortress. There is a vast garden as we walk in, one that has been undoubtedly neglected. There are wild flowers overtaking the entire space and crawling up the stone walls. The entrance is big, but nowhere near as big as the Castle''s. The sight would be quite beautiful had it been properly taken care of. The front of the home also has high windows and several floors. It''s quite pretty in a quaint way. "Why is the family not living at the main house?" William asks Jeremy.

    "This home is farther from rogue territory and easier to defend, if it came to it. It also has passage ways that lead to the forest as a means to escape. It''s safer."

    "I see."

    Just before we make our way up the small set of stairs that lead to the entrance, the wooden doors fly open, revealing a beautiful blonde woman in an borate, long sun dress. "Cousin! Oh, cousin! It''s been so long!"

    "Cecil," William says, opening his arms for the fakest embrace I have ever witnessed.

    They both air kiss each other''s cheeks andugh.

    "Cousin, I''d like you to meet Caleb, former beta of the great King Alexander, Eli, the current King''s beta, and of course, His Highness and Lord of this Kingdom, Noah."

    "Oh, my," she says, as she curtseys to Noah.

    The gesture is so over the top I have to fight the urge to roll my eyes.

    "Your Highness, thank you for making the treacherous journey to our humble home, my

    daughter, Violet, has been so excited she''s barely gotten any sleep," she says.

    When she lifts her eyes from the floor, theynd directly on me, her smile falling.

    "And who''s this?" She asks, her tone a little too high.

    No one answers, soon her eyesnd on my neck and then on Noah''s. Her expression sours.

    "Queen Cecil," Noah breaks the silence, "I''d like you to meet Vera, my mate."

    "Mate?! No one said anything about a ma -"

    "Ah, cousin! Do you still produce your famous apples here? I''ve been talking nonstop about the apple pies of this region; His Highness has been looking forward to them!" William quickly diverts the attention from me, grabbing Cecil by her shoulders and turning her towards the home.

    Before disappearing within the home, she takes onest look at me, eyes narowed, throwing daggers my way.

###Chapter91

    -Vera-

    "Ok, level with me. Why the hell am I here?" I stand, drawing Caleb''s, Eli''s, Lucas''s, and William''s attention.

    Noah has been kidnapped by this Queen Cecil to give him a ''private'' tour of the property; as if there''s much to see. Of course, none of us were invited. That''s not even what annoys me, what I''m angry about is feeling like I''m the unwanted third wheel. They didn''t even know about me? William didn''t even attempt to introduce me? What the hell is going on here?

    "You might as well tell her, William, I told you this was a bad idea," Caleb says, sipping out of his tea mug.This belongs to N?velDrama.Org - ?.

    I turn to William who is nervously fidgeting with his fingers.

    "And?!" I m the table, making him flinch.

    "I - I mean I did say that the families wanted their daughters considered to be Noah''s wives, and and ..." "And?"

    William is quiet again; he has not once looked me in the eyes since we got here.

    "Oh, just spit it out," Eli says exasperated. He also didn''t know anything about this, "it is one thing to tell them their daughters would be considered, but to not even tell them Noah has a mate? What the fuck were you thinking?"

    "Fine." Caleb says, putting his mug down, "ording to lycan tradition, none of us here have a right to deny any of these women the right to marry the King, not even the King himself. All of these women are lycan, they have money and influence and are allegedly beautiful; there is no eptable reason why the King wouldn''t marry any of them. Which is where youe in. The only way they''ll keep their hands off of him is if you challenge them to a duel; the victor has a right to be with the King, and the other one has to give up any notions of ever bing Queen."

    I gape at him.

    Eli almost chokes on his tea; he''s bent overughing.

    "You can''t be serious," Lucas says, not taking his eyes off of Caleb.

    "I can''t," Eli wheezes, "I can''t believe this."

    He''s wiping tears off of his face.

    "So, we literally have to fight for a man? How archaic are you people?!"

    "Sorry, we didn''t make the rules," Caleb says not the least bit apologetic, returning to drinking his tea.

    I cross my arms and narrow my eyes at William.

    "We knew that if we told you and Noah, he wouldn''t want toe, but this is the only way for the families to meet with him, and the only possible excuse for him not to take any wife is you," William says, truly apologetic.

    "Oh,e on doc, it''s not like you can''t take them! It''ll be great practice," Eli is coughing afterughing so much.

    "Oh, I''m aware, but how do you think they''ll like being beaten by a wolf? Huh? Did any of you even think about that? Not to mention I won''t even have to turn to make them eat dirt."

    All of them stare at each other, Lucas shrugging his shoulders.

    "All I know is I run faster than all of you, I''ll be able to outrun this crazy before theye for our heads," he says.

    "We didn''t... we didn''t think about that," William admits, clearing his throat.

    "New n," Caleb says, realization dawning on him, "lets keep these women as far away from Noah as possible. Deal?"

    "Deal," they all say in unison.

    "Speaking of, I better get out there before my cousin marries him to Violet without us knowing." William says, excusing himself before leaving.

    "Unbelievable," I mumble to myself.

    "I can''t take this anymore!"

    We all turn to the entrance of the tiny dining hall they ced us in; one that I''m sure is intended for the help.

    "Noah? What are you doing here?" Caleb asks.

    "I had to escape! She''s fucking crazy. In just an hour, she not only offered her daughter to me, she offered herself!"

    Eli bursts outughing again, harder this time, spitting out his tea.

    "I can''t," he says under his breathe, "this trip is the best one of my life."

    He starts coughing uncontrobly again as Noah takes a seat next to me.

    "So have you met this Violet everyone keeps mentioning?" I ask him.

    "No, but it''s as if I have, she has portraits of her hanging *everywhere," he takes my tea mug and starts sipping from it.

    "Did you know Vera has to fight these women for your hand in marriage?" Lucas says.

    "She what?!"

    Noah ces down the mug forcefully, turning to Caleb who puts his hands up defensively.

    "To be fair, I told them it was a bad idea to lie to you two."

    "No, absolutely not. We are out of here,e on."

    He takes my hand and begins to stand, but I don''t budge.

    "The hell we are!" I yell, "we came here for a reason, Noah, and if you have to parade your pretty little ass in front of these women as bait, you *will*. Then, you leave them to me."

    I snatch my hand away from his and cross my arms.

    I''m in a terrible mood; maybe theck of sex is getting to me too. But it is a reality, the kingdom is in dire need of these families'' assistance, otherwise everything we have worked for so far goes to hell. "Unbelievable," Noah sits beside me, crossing his arms as well.

    "There''s one more thing," Caleb says.

    Noah and I turn to him at the same time; he looks almost apologetic.

    "You two will have to sleep in separate rooms."

    "What?!"

    We both yell at the same time.

    "Again, don''t kill the messenger, but these are old customs that these people are not ready to be

    rid of. The King only shares a bed with his actual wife during official visits."

    "Fine!" I say,pletely done with lycan tradition and stupidity.

    "Fine!" Noah says too, but it''s directed at me.

    He gets up hastily and exits the room.

    "Great. Now we are fighting too," I say, cradling my throbbing head on my hand and closing my eyes.

    "Uhm, excuse me?" Jeremy walks in, "Queen Cecil has asked me to see you all to your rooms."

    "Yes, thank you, Jeremy." Caleb says, standing up.

    "Please follow me," Jeremy says.

    After walking outside of the home, Jeremy leads us to a somewhat abandoned cabin, one that once again, was definitely designated for the help. Not that I mind, of course, but I''m sure this Queen is trying her hardest to keep us away from Noah; to keep *me* away from Noah.

    When I take a step inside the small cabin, Jeremy stops me.

    "I''m sorry, missus, the Queen as asked me to see you to the barn."

    "The..." I''m honestly too shocked to even say the word; but am I really surprised?

    "I''ll take her spot in the barn, it''s no ce for a woman to sleep," Lucas steps up, putting his hand on my shoulder; I smile up to him gratefully.

    "I understand." Jeremy says.

    I almost feel bad for Jeremy; all this time he''s looked almost embarrassed to carry out his Queen''s orders. I''m sure it''s not beyond him how ridiculous his "Queen* is being, but he can''t do anything to stop her. Calebes to stand next to me as I watch Jeremy and Lucas head to the barn,

    "When I fight this Violet for Noah, can I kill the Queen too?" I ask him, not taking my eyes away from Lucas,

    Caleb chuckles.

    "I''m not gonna lie, I''d pay to see you do that. Come on, let''s get set up, they invited us over for dinner at the main house," he puts his hand on my shoulder and guides me inside the cabin.

    I take onest look at Lucas and Jeremy at the same time that Jeremy happens to look my way. I narrow my eyes at him and even in the distance, I see him shutter.

###Chapter92

    -Vera-

    After we finished setting up in the cabin, we all get ready for dinner. Thankfully, I had been warned about the dress code before-hand so it gave me a chance to pack up some dresses.

    The dress I''m wearing is a ck, fitted dress which represents my mood perfectly. It has an off shoulder sleeve and a slit on one of my legs. The jewelry is minimal; I brought along some emerald earrings that match the ne Dr. Owens gave me, which I never take off. When I walk out of my room, all the men are already waiting for me dressed up in their formal wear; when approach them, they all turn to look at me up and down.

    No one says a word.

    I raise an eyebrow at them.

    "Will this be a problem?" Eli asks Caleb and William who are almost gaping at me at this point.

    "No, probably not, at least I don''t..." William begins.

    "It most definitely will be a problem," Caleb interrupts him, sounding amused.

    "Perfect, let''s go," Eli says, offering me his arm for support.

    I gratefully snake my arm on his and we walk to the main house.

    When we reach the doors that lead to the dining room, the hairs all over my body rise in awareness. Without looking, I know Noah is in there. As the doors open, I catch a whiff of his scent and to my surprise, when the room is revealed, he is already looking directly my way.

    All of my body is on fire just by his stare; I can''t take my eyes off of him, and he''s having a hard time taking his eyes off of me.

    I know they say distance makes the heart grow fonder but this is on another level. Only one day apart and we''re both nning on jumping on this table right here, right now.  Soon, I''m sitting on a chair at the far end of the tabl ay from him; I didn''t even realize we were still moving when I saw him. For me, it''s as if time had stopped. Someone clears their throat loudly, drawing my attention. It''s Cecil.

    I look down at my hands, embarrassed. I''m sure everyone knows what Noah and I are thinking right no

    "As I was saying," I didn''t realize she was speaking, "it is the honor of this manor to host His Royal Highness and his party," she pauses, looking at me, "well, most of it anyway," she says quietly, "so cheers! May this be the beginning of a lovely and *long* rtionship between our families!"

    She raises her ss and everyone raises theirs to cheers.

    I can''t stomach it. In fact, I''m going to have a hard time eating any of the food with the thoughts I have on my mind; I''m sure Noah is feeling the same way. Ever since I walked in here, the air has be electrified.

    Suddenly, after the first course is done, the doors open dramatically, interrupting my thoughts and drawing everyone''s attention. Behind them, a beautiful young woman enters, escorted by none other than Jeremy. She has beautiful long, blonde hair and stunning blue eyes. Her rosy cheeks and colored lips are very clearly the result of makeup, but it was tastefully done. Her jewelry is dainty, modest even, and her dress is like a ball gown.

    "Ah, my dear, dear child! Alwayste to dinner after tending to the help''s meals. Your Highness, "Cecil gets up and walks towards her daughter. "may I introduce to you my daughter and future Queen, Violet."

    Violet bows gracefully and everyone is holding their breath, waiting for Noah''s reaction.

    I don''t turn to look at him like everyone else, I''m looking straight at her, not removing my eyes for a second.

    My ears are ringing.

    I narrow my eyes at her, though no one is watching.

    It''s incredibly faint, but there is undoubtedly the presence of magic here, and I''m sure it''sing from her.

    Could she be a witch too? Could her powers be dormant like mine were?

    As far as I''m concerned, both of her parents are lycan.

    Unless...

    I turn to look at the decoration within the room which hosts arge portrait of the family. I specifically focus on the portrait of the father and startparing features. The only possible exnation for this, at the moment, is that her father was not in fact lycan. Maybe Queen Cecil is not as innocent as she''d like to pretend.

    When I turn back to Violet and Cecil, they are both staring at me.

    In fact, everyone is staring at me. It takes me by surprise and I gulp.

    Could it be that they noticed meparing the features of Violet and her supposed father?

    Then, as if being called, I turn to Noah who is looking intently at me.

    I see...

    These past months we have noticed that Noah has also be quite attuned to my emotions, even if I offer no external hint of them. He probably felt my uneasiness and turned to me to see if everything was fine.

    I nod my head with a smile, letting him know everything is fine, and this dinner nonsense can continue.

    Noah stands up, courteous, and nods his head in Violet''s direction.

    "Very nice to meet you, Lady Violet," he says, very uninterested.

    I notice Violet and Cecil exchange a look; Violet one of panic, and Cecil''s one of anger.

    She quickly nces my way and I can''t help but smirk.

    Now this is something that deserves a toast.

    I lightly lift my cup towards her and smile at her, perhaps a little too sweetly.

    She''s nearly turning red in anger.

    I don''t really know what her n was, but I''m sure it involved Noah swooning over her daughter who is indeed very beautiful.

    Cecil and Violet move to sit next to Noah.

    The rest of the dinner proceeds as expected; Cecil and Violet trying to woo Noah who simply nods and smiles at everything they say,pletely unamused. Cecil and Violet take turns to throw daggers my way, as I happily drink and chat the night away. "So, Vera, what was that stink eye you were throwing Violet? A little jealous perhaps?" Eli says.

    "You wish, old man," I sip on my wine, "remember I told you that whenever *that* is around, I can sense it? My ears ring and all?"

    "Sure."

    "Well, there was ringing."

    Caleb and Eli stare at me, turning serious.

    "Don''t worry about it, it''s very faint, I don''t think it''ll be a problem, but the thought did cross my mind that maybe Cecil is hiding a few things from us."

    "And you''re sure it wasing from her?" Caleb asks, almost whispering.

    I lean close to him, melodramatically.

    "I''m positive."

    They both lean back on their chairs, deep in thought. I finish my wine and decide it''s been enough for me for the night. I have a slight buzz that I''m sure will help me sleep in that horrendous cabin.

    "Oh friends! How are you enjoying your night?" Williames sit with us, avoiding all the chatter amongst the guests which include several of his cousins, nephews, and uncles. It''s clear he''s also been drinking, perhaps a little heavier than I. "William," Caleb nods, icy.

    "What''s going on?"

    "Well, where to start? Lucas had to volunteer to guard one of the gates because this manor doesn''t have enough soldiers, if you can even consider these teenagers that, and you, *friend* are a lying piece of shit." Eli says, downing his drink in one gulp. "I- I don''t understand. What''s going on?"N?vel/Dr(a)ma.Org - Content owner.

    William is genuinely taken aback by the usation.

    "Vera''s ears were ringing." Caleb exins in a whisper.

    It really is enough of an exnation.

    "Wait, wait wait wait. We don''t know for sure if that means anything, right? I mean, this is my family, they would never..."

    William turns to me, helplessly.

    I shrug.

    "Sorry, it means exactly what they''re implying."

    "I''m sure there''s an exnation for this, I''ll get to the bottom of this, I swear."

    "What we are saying, William, is that this is already apromising position we are in, deceiving these families, on top of being at a heavily under protected location where one of us even has to take up *guard shifts* and *you* couldn''t warn us about any of it. And now there''s magic here? I will advise Noah we leave tomorrow, damn this Council n, youzy bastards can''t even do your due diligence," Caleb says, standing up abruptly and excusing himself, "Your Highness," he bows to Noah before leaving, not waiting to be dismissed.

    Noah frowns, staring at me looking for any hint of what happened. I shake my head in response; it''s not worth getting into right now.

    The night passes by slowly, Eli and I keep chatting while William sits with us looking sober and guilty.

    "Vera," I hear Noah call me after a while, interrupting my conversation with Eli.

    I perk up at the sound of his voice.

    "Come sit next to me," he says.

    I hesitate for a moment, but the hostile look on Cecil''s face encourages me toe closer. Boy is she about to have a rude awakening if she thinks she can intimidate me like this.

    "Your Highness," I bow in front of him before taking the seat he''s offering, knowing damn well the effect it will have on him, "Queen Cecil here was wondering how a *wolf* could help us defeat Alistair."

    "Oh, I could walk you through how I killed him, but I''m sure it would be much too gruesome for your liking. Queen."

    I smile sweetly at her, shock briefly crossing her expression.

    "Your Highness, I was under the impression that you killed the false King." Violet says.

    "Oh no, I was incapacitated by a witch. Vera took him out."

    Violet gulps, not daring to look my way as I''m sure she feels my stare burrowing on the side of her face.

    "Which is why, witches are not weed in this Kingdom. Any trace of any use of magic is punishable by death." I dere.

    Noah briefly nces my way, but dares not toment. Of course, this isn''t true otherwise I''d be the first to be put to death, but I smell a rat and this might help flush it out. Violet instantly turns to look at her mother, who is staring at me defiantly; Violet''s reaction confirms my suspicion. Something is indeed up with these two.

    "Uhm... I, Your Highness, I''m terribly sorry but I am not feeling well all of a sudden, if you''ll excuse me." Violet says, curtseying and leaving in a hurry.

    I watch her run out of the room as I casually take a sip off of Noah''s wine ss. He watches amused while Cecil is, without a doubt, nning my murder.

###Chapter93

    Vera-

    The dinner ended soon after Violet left. Eli joined us at the head of the table and excused himself, having offered to take up Lucas''s ce in the night guard shift so that he can have something to eat. This earned Cecil an angry look from Noah, which was her cue to call it a night. She excused herself to run after her daughter.

    The problem was, however, that she took Noah with her, offering to see him to his room. He epted and followed her; I''m assuming he''s still mad at me.

    I sighed and excused myself with the rest of the guests, some of which were too drunk to make it to their rooms so I have reason to believe they''ll sleep in here.

    As I walk out of the manor, this time without an escort, I take my shoes off and instead of going directly to the cabin, I decide to sit in the garden for a moment.

    These past months I have also been training with my aunt and grandmother in their realm; we have found out that in my world my magic can be traced, but in their realm it''s nearly impossible.

    I find a patch of grass to sit on and cross my legs as I sit. The temperature is nice, the wind carries a chill with it that hints at how close we are to the mountains. I put my hands on the soil, reveling on the connection I feel to it.

    During my training, we have figured out that I am innately connected to nature. We don''t really know why as it''s quite rare for any type of witch, but to me it makes sense; everything in nature is living, and that''s what I''m connecting to. To me the trees, the nts, the soil are as alive as any of us and somehow, we manage tomunicate.

    What''s even weirder, is that I have been feeling this connection since before they unlocked my magic; so, since before I had my wolf.

    Speaking of her, as I''m concentrating and meditating, shees join me in my mind.

    *Hi, pretty girl.*

    I smile at her as sheys her head on myp. I gently caress her head as we both take in our surroundings.

    She does in fact have white, grey eyes, and her fur is just as Caleb described it; iridescent. It''s pale white but it shifts in tone frequently, depending on the angle and the light. Now that I have been able to see her up close, it''s almost as if she shines.

    I feel bad that I haven''t been able to let her out in a while. Even if she seems perfectly content within me, she is also a living creature; part of me but an individual in her own right. She deserves to roam freely, often. So far, she hasn''t even been able to fully explore her magic since we haven''t been able to practice in my world.

    She perks up, alerting me to something.

    I pay closer attention to the direction she''s looking. She slowly moves her head to a side, as if she''s following something or someone. *What is it?*

    She turns to me and ces her nose to mine, letting me in on what she sees.

    Beyond the garden, beyond the walls of the manor, she''s following a shiny silhouette that seems to be of a woman, right behind the vines. *Who is she?* I ask her.

    For now, all I know is that she seems to be interested in this silhouette for some reason.

    Then, the person disappears and we can no longer track her.

    I stay seated next to my wolf who turns to look at me.

    From Sophia, I know I should have a fluent connection to my wolf, understand everything she means without her even talking, but for some reason I can''t. There''s a lot of interpretation going on every time I see her, but I know nothing for sure. She ces her head back on myp and I caress her for a while longer. Then, her ears perk up again but this time it''s something outside of my mind, something in the ''real world."

    "Oh. Lucas! Hi." I say, opening my eyes and rxing my posture.

    "Hi Vera, I thought I smelled you. What are you doing out here?"

    "I needed time away from all of this," I gesture at the manor, "I think I made a mistake bying here."

    "I think we all made a mistake bying here."

    Hees to sit beside me.

    "I didn''t get to thank you for taking my ce at the barn, Lucas, it can''t befortable."

    "You won''t be thanking me tomorrow when Eli''s snores keep you up all night," he says, taking a bite off of a piece of bread.

    We stay silent for a while, enjoying the cool air and the garden.

    "Vera, how did you know Noah was your mate?"

    "What?"

    "How did you know it was him?"

    His question takes me by surprise, but I think back to the day we met.

    "I didn''t really know, Lucas, I just knew that when I touched him, something happened. Had it not been for him literally telling me I was his mate, I wouldn''t have known." "And then what happened?"

    "Well, I don''t know that I''m the most reliable source, since I hadn''t connected to my wolf, but there was... electricity... when I touched him, maybe not as strong as he felt it, but it was there. And I was just... drawn to him... naturally. I wanted to know him, I wanted to follow him. It wanted to be with him."

    Lucas finishes his piece of bread but stays silent.Content ? provided by N?velDrama.Org.

    "Why do you ask?" I ask, letting my curiosity get the best of me.

    "I was meaning to ask Noah, but he''s been so busytely."

    "Have you...?"

    "What? No! No, it''s not like that. I''ve just been feeling a little queasy for some reason. It started

    on our way here, I haven''t figured out what it is and it''s making me uneasy."

    "Do you think your mate could be close?"

    "I don''t know..."

    He looks worried.

    "Come on Lucas, you can talk to me."

    "I just... I don''t know... Do I even want to find a mate? You saw what happened to Liam... That could happen to any of us."

    "It''s a scary thing. Lucas, and what happened to Liam was brutal, but it''s so rare. It''s unlikely that we''ll ever see that happen again. And look at me, I had to leave my *home* to be with Noah and I have not regret it once," well, maybe at first, but a white lie can''t hurt, right?

    He sighs.

    "You''re probably right. I just... I hope if she is indeed close, that she won''t be disappointed that I''m her mate."

    I put my hand on his and squeeze it gently.

    "Lucas, you''re one of the best people I know. You''re loyal, caring, and quite a gentleman. Any girl would be lucky to have you as her mate."

    He smiles faintly at me.

    "Thank you, V."

    We stay out here a little while longer, until the chill starts to really get really cold.

    "We should go, from what Eli told me, we''ll be leaving pretty early tomorrow, we''ll need the rest."

    Lucas extends his hand and offers it to me, helping me up.

    I take it and we begin walking to the cabin.

    Once at the door, he says his goodbyes and leaves for the barn; I really hope it''s at least warm enough for him to sleep well.

    I enter my room, a lot more exhausted that I''d thought, and change into my pajamas. Unfortunately, since I''m sharing the cabin with Caleb and Eli, I have to wear pants.

    I fall asleep promptly, wrapping myself up in the nket that has probably beenying on this bed for years. It''s still cold, butfortable enough to sleep through.

    In the middle of the night, something wakes me; the feeling of someone crawling on my bed.

###Chapter94

    -Vera-

    Before I can react, Noah''s lips are on mine. It''s a forceful kiss; a drunk kiss.

    "Noah, Caleb and Eli are here..." I tell him between kisses

    "They went for a walk," he says.

    "In the cold?" I ask, not at all concerned for them right now.

    He removes my shirt, letting his hands wander freely across my breasts. He tugs, caresses, and squeezes gently as he goes. I arch my back, reveling on the fiery feeling his hands trace all over my body. Suddenly, this room is not cold at all.

    I moan loudly into his mouth, removing his shirt clumsily, needing his skin on mine.

    His mouth moves to my breasts, raising them to stiff peaks and begins licking and sucking on them furiously.

    He''s being more forceful than I''m used to, but considering I''ve already wet my pajama pants, I can''t say I dislike it.

    When his hands move downwards, he starts caressing my sensitive spot through the pants, noting how wet they already are.

    He grunts.

    "How could I ever go a night without this?"

    He stands up, removing my pants and quickly introducing a finger inside me. I moan out loud, not the least bit worried if someone hears us through the thin walls of the cabin. I''m greedy already and squeeze his finger for all its worth and he moans, positioning myself in a way that he''s caressing me deep inside.

    "Save some of that forter, baby."

    He removes his pants in one swift movement, revealing his member.

    It sounds stupid, but I had almost forgotten how much I loved the sight of it.

    Coating himself with my wetness, he kneels on the floor and positions me at the edge of the bed.

    I hated how short this bed was when I first saw it. Now? Not so much. It''s the perfect height.

    He stops abruptly and his expression changes.

    "You know what?" He says, flipping me on my stomach and cing my knees on the floor and my torso is on the bed; my ass is up to him, "I''m still mad at you for being ok with parading your mate in front of these women," he ps my a*s. Hard.

    But it''s so, so good.

    I moan.

    Maybe I should make him angry more often.

    "If you keep this up, I''ll dly take you to the others myself," I tease.

    He chuckles.

    But allughter is over when he enters me.

    I reel at the feeling of him stretching me, caressing me, stroking me deep inside. My vision starts to blur and I close my eyes at the intensity of the sensation.

    He''s using my hips as support to his rhythm and the weight of him on me, confining me to this position, is one of the best feelings ever; it''s intoxicating.

    Then, he ps me again, this time more gently, and it is my undoing.

    I moan into the bed as he quickens his rhythm. One of his hands grabs at the back of my neck

    as he pumps furiously inside me, keeping me in ce. It extends my orgasm, until I feel him finish deep inside me.

    We''re both panting, not daring to move.Content ? provided by N?velDrama.Org.

    He''s still inside me, in the same position, as wee down from our high.

    "I think we should get a shorter bed back home," he says, running a hand through his sweaty hair.

    "I second that motion."

    He steps away from me, looking for a towel or something to clean up his mess.

    "It''s not that I want to prostitute you out to these women, Noah, it''s that the Kingdom has no other choice," I say, watching him as he cleans me up.

    "I know, I just took it the wrong way. If a man were to even look at you, let alone flirt with you..."

    I smile.

    "I know."

    "And I understand it''s for the good of the people, but the more they demand of me, the less I want to sacrifice for them. The only thing keeping me sane is knowing I get toe to you at the end of the day. The future of this Kingdom is not only important to me as a lycan, but to wolves'' survival. If the peace treaty were broken, if rogues became bold enough to go after wolf territory, or worse, if the Council had no other choice but to invade wolf territory to keep the lycan Kingdom alive..."

    I gulp.

    I had not thought about any of this; not once.

    So, in reality, as much as I am here to see to the wellbeing of him and his kind, he''s here to see to the wellbeing of mine.

    I stand up and kiss him, wrapping my arms around is neck as he gently traces figures on my bare back.

    "You''re the love of my life, Vera," he says, pure emotion in his eyes.

    "And you are mine."

    I kiss him again, moving toy on the bed.

    We keep kissing each other, reconnecting, for a long while, until exhaustion gets the best of both

    of us and we inevitably fall asleep; this time, in a much warmer and cozier room.

    When I wake up again, Noah isn''t here. The bed is still warm from our lovemaking and his scent is still very strong; he couldn''t have left too long ago.

    I stretch out my legs and arms, cracking my back and moaning.

    I can''t believe how much I missed this. I also can''t believe I made fun of Noah for being in a mood due to theck of sex if I was on the same boat, I just hadn''t realized it; this morning I feel much, much better.

    I stay covered in the sheets for a little while, the sun is barelying up and I take it all in. The faint ache in my body, the scent Noah left on me from our night together; it makes me giddy.

    "Vera?" Lucas calls from behind the door.

    I frown. What is he doing here?

    "Yeah?"

    "I think you bettere see this."

    I get up quickly, putting on some clothes, noting the urgency in his voice.

    I follow him without saying a word, dread pooling in my stomach.

    We enter the manor hurriedly, before the so called guards can stop us, walking towards the dining room where the dinner was heldst night.

    I hear voicesing from inside as Lucas opens the door for me.

    "This is the greatest disrespect on this house! On this family! We receive you, feed you and host you and this is how you repay us?!"

    Cecil is beyond angry; she''s livid. To my surprise, her tirade is directed towards Noah.

    Ie closer to them, staying by Caleb''s side as Eli is closer to Noah and Cecil; Caleb is off to the side.

    "What''s going on?" I whisper.

    "Apparently, the Queen here is angry that Noah didn''t spend the night in his room. She suspects he spent it with you."

    I turn slightly red.

    "Of course, this is all conjecture because Eli and I made sure nobody was watching, considering how offensive this would all be if it were true," he gives me a knowing look.

    "Then how could she know?" I whisper again.

    "Jeremy!" She yells.

    Jeremy walks in with his head low.

    "Yes, my Queen?"

    "Jeremy, please tell His Highness what you sawst night."

    "I... I..." he stares helplessly between Noah and Cecil, "I saw his highness at the cabin, my Queen.

    "And?" She raises an eyebrow at him.

    "And... and he entered it with her," he points at me and all eyes turn to me.

    The room is quite crowded and most of the guests formst night are here too. Out of all the faces, I spot William and his expression is almost apologetic. I''m starting to get really tired of him. "Step closer, whore!" Cecilmands me.

    This earns her an angry growl from Noah,

    "I''m sorry, my King, you were not raised like the rest of us, you were raised like a brute! So let me teach you a little lesson on manners. The King does not share a bed with a whore! Mate or not."

    Eli steps in front of Noah, blocking his path to Cecil as he knows how badly this could end for all of us.

    "Jeremy was with me during the night shift, guarding the outside of the manor, tell me how he could have witnessed the King entering the cabin if he was nowhere near it," Eli says.

    Cecil throws Jeremy a look. Their lie crumbling in front of all of us.

    "I... I went back for some tools," he says, mumbling.

    "No, you didn''t." Eli rifies.

    "Cecil, that''s enough," William says, stepping forward.

    "William, stay back! You brought these brutes into our home, I should be kicking you out as well!"

    "Stop embarrassing yourself and this family! I saw Violet entering the King''s bedroomtest night, so we should be the ones asking you to exin yourselves!" he says.

    I''m shocked he would put Cecil on the spot like that.

    A pregnant silence follows.

    You could hear a pin drop in the room.

    All eyes are turned to Violet, who is looking in my general direction with wide eyes. I narrow my eyes at her. Had she actually tried to seduce Noah in *his room*st night, we wouldn''t be having this conversation, I would be ripping her to shreds. But something strikes me as odd in her stare.

    I move closer to Caleb, making sure it''s me she''s staring at. For some reason, my heart starts racing, but it''s almost as if it wasn''t mine. I turn around, looking at where this feeling could being from.

    I turn to Lucas, who is standing behind me. He''s looking at Violet, his eyes wide and I can almost see his heartbeat through his shirt.

    Oh.

    Oh no...

###Chapter95

    -Vera-

    The heartbeat I felt as my own, the feeling of uneasiness and foreboding... wasn''t mine at all. It was Lucas. Another perk of being part witch; I can sometimes feel other people''s emotions. especially people I care about. Nobody seems to realize what''s happening right now, but I do.

    Violet is his mate.

    All this time, his feeling of uneasiness was in fact because his mate was close, but he was fighting his instinct to look for her because of his fear.

    They''re both staring at each other with equal ambivalence; they don''t move an inch.

    "Violet, exin yourself!" One of the uncles shouts.

    "Young Lady!" Another one says.

    Nothing seems to snap her out of it.

    Lucas takes a step forward,pletely enthralled by the sight of his mate. I step to the side, blocking his path.

    As much as I''m happy Lucas has found his mate, and it happens to be *my* mate''s supposed future wife, this is a very vtile situation, and numbers are definitely not on our side.

    Cecil moves towards her daughter, putting her hand gently on her shoulder.

    "Daughter, don''t be afraid, you can speak freely."

    This seems to break Violet''s trance.

    "Uhm... I... Uhm... What?" She stutters.

    "You told me you were worried about the King being illst night, so you wanted to bring him some tea to his room, is that right?"

    "Yes, yes of course," Violet says, still looking directly at Lucas and no one else.

    "Lucas," I whisper.

    "Huh?" he responds, not paying any attention to me.

    "Snap out of it!" I say, pushing him discreetly towards the door.

    "What''s going on?" Caleb follows.

    "Violet is Lucas''s mate!"

    Caleb stops, wide eyed.

    "No," he says.

    "Yes!"

    "Oh, Goddess. This whole trip just keeps getting worse! Come on, kid. Walk with me."

    Caleb helps me shove Lucas towards the door, cautious that nobody sees us.

    Noah has caught on and is giving me a quizzical look, while everyone else is focused on Violet.

    "Mate." I mouth, and Noah''s eyes go wide, looking between Lucas and Violet quickly.

    I see him mouth ''f**k'' once he realizes what''s going on; we''re lucky nobody has noticed our interaction.

    "Did she in fact enter your bedroom, Your Majesty?!" One of the voices demands.

    "I don''t know, I wasn''t there."

    "What?!"

    "So, it''s true?!"

    "Exin yourself, Your Majesty!"

    All the voices are jumbled together as we finally step out of the room with Lucas.

    "Ok. Here''s the thing, kid. If she''s your mate, it can''t happen like this."

    "If?" Lucas looks offended, "how can she *not* be my mate? She perfect! She smells of cinnamon and roses and ... and... dessert! She''s incredible," he trails off, sidestepping us to try and enter the room again. "Yes! Ok! She''s your mate, but you have to understand, she''s not just any lycan! This has to be done politically!" Caleb pleads with him.

    "Nonsense!" He says.

    "Lucas, please think about this! We will make sure you two are together, I promise, but right now, Violet is suspected to have been in Noah''s room! If you know what that means, you know how delicate this is." Realization crosses his face, quickly followed by anger. His lycan eyes begin to swirl in his pupils instantly.

    "No! Lucas, listen to me," I step in front of him, blocking his way, "It''s not true! Noah was with me the entire night!"

    "I don''t care! I will kill him!" He shouts.

    Oh, Goddess.

    I never knew this mate thing could be so intense. When I met Noah, he was half dead. I wonder if he would have been this intense had he been healthy and awake.  A fist flies in front of my face, taking me by surprise.

    Caleb just punched Lucas, right across his cheek. Hard.

    "Get your shit together, kid! Did you not hear Vera? Noah has not touched your mate! Now, stay calm, and stay away until we can sort this mess out!" He''s speaking in a low, stern voice.

    Lucas''s eyes go back to normal.

    "Are you sure he hasn''t touched her?"

    I raise an eyebrow at him.

    "Honestly, I''m surprised you would even *think* him capable of that considering he has a mate," I narrow my eyes at him.

    "Ok, yeah. Yeah, of course you''re right. I just... I''ve never felt anything like this before. It''s like I can''t breathe but at the same time, like I''m breathing clean air for the first time. It doesn''t make sense." "No, no it doesn''t."

    I pat his back gently, letting him calm down before taking him out of the manor.

    Then, the doors open and Eli emerges from behind them.

    "It''s getting nasty in there," he says, his voice grave.Content ? provided by N?velDrama.Org.

    I immediately go to him, nodding at Caleb.

    "I got him, don''t worry," he says, seeing Lucas out.

    "What was that about?" Eli asks.

    "Violet is Lucas''s mate."

    Eli stops right before entering the dining room, his expression one of disbelief.

    "Ok, let''s save that bombshell for some other time, you have to get in there. I know we said that it would be a bad idea for you to fight her, but..."

    "You have to marry our niece, Your Highness! What kind of King would defile a youngdy and not be made responsible for her?!"

    "You are an honor-less King!"

    "Fake King Noah!"

    "Your father would be ashamed of you!"

    When I enter the room, all of the men have started surrounding Noah, who is holding up his hands.

    "What makes you think I touched her?" He says trying to defend himself.

    "Obviously she fainted at the memory!"

    "Do you not see her, Your Highness, are you blind?!"

    "Why else would she copse if not out of embarrassment!"

    I search for Violet in the crowd. She has indeed copsed and her mother is holding her in her arms as some maids fan her.

    "Quick, get her some water!" Cecil yells.

    One of the maids quickly gets up and goes into the corridor that leads to the kitchen.

    "Fake King Noah!" The men are chanting.

    Enough.

    I step forward, Eli close behind.

    "Watch how you speak to your King! Unless you can prove that he had his way with Lady Violet,

    I suggest you keep your mouth shut! Or would you anger the true King of the lycans?"

    I''m livid.

    "Vera is correct, indeed," William says, "tradition states that a test must be conducted to see if Lady Violet is still... untouched."

    I almost puke in my mouth as he says that.

    "I will not allow my daughter to be humiliated in this way!" Cecil shouts, handing her daughter to one of the maids to tend to.

    "Cousin, it is the way it is, you know better than to stand in the way of tradition."

    "Tradition?! You speak to me about tradition while this whore freely entertains the King! A Wolf! She points to me.

    I immediately turn to Noah, feeling his aura.

    William, Eli and I have felt it before, so we are not taken aback. But the rest of the people in here take several steps away from him in fear, unsure of what''s going on. His lycan eyes are swirling in his pupils, and this is the very moment where everything can go to hell. Instead of creating a bridge between the Castle and the families, we will end whatever semnce of a rtionship that still exists.

    To hell with it. If tradition is so important to them, lets do this by the books.

    "I challenge Violet to a duel for Noah."

    Everyone turns to look at me following a deafening silence.

    "A wolf would defy a lycan?!" Someone says.

    "Not a wolf, the King''s mate. From what I understand, if Violet wins, she gets to marry Noah, If

    I win, she abandons all notions of ever bing Queen." I say, confidently.

    I turn to Noah now. Instead of looking murderous like he did a few seconds ago, he looks amused.

    I look back at Cecil and she''s smirking.

    "Very well, I ept the challenge on Violet''s behalf. Once she is well, of course."

    "Of course," I repeat.

    This seems to please everyone has they all have nasty smiles on their faces. Quickly, everyone begins dispersing, content with the oue of this little ruse.

    Even Violet has begun to wake up and is taken to her room.

    When the room ispletely empty and it''s just us in here, Elies to stand next to me, smirking.

    "It''s about time they learned to respect our true Queen."

###Chapter96

    -Vera-

    "So, what''s the n?" William asks,ing into the cabin looking flustered.

    Eli, Lucas, Caleb, Noah and I have been in here for a few hours trying to figure out what our next steps should be.

    Eli raises his eyebrow at him.

    "n for what, exactly?"

    "For the fight! I never thought it woulde to this, quite frankly I was hoping Violet would be able to charm the King and all of this would be avoided." Lucas snorts and Noah growls. I narrow my eyes at him.

    "Oh,e on! You both knew this was the n all along! All of the Council was behind it, you two cant be this na?ve!"

    "Then why did you step in for us?" Caleb asks.

    "Because I value family honor, and what Violet did, or attempted to do,cked honor and grace."

    "Well, aren''t we lucky," Eli says sarcastically, "nowe, sit, we have another matter at hand," he says motioning William to an empty chair.

    We exin everything to William and I watch as his face pale with horror, much to my delight. This n of his has backfired immensely.

    "Tell me this isn''t true, Lucas."

    "Oh, so *now* you know my name."

    "This isn''t a joke!"

    "I''m well aware!" Lucas yells, his lycan eyes swirling.

    He''s been incredibly sensitive these past few hours. From Noah, I know that it''s the natural pull they feel when they find their mate; its undeniable and overwhelming. He is literally suffering by not being at her side right now. "William, you know Cecil better than us, how can we get her to ept Lucas as Violet''s mate," Noah asks, crossing his arms.

    "We can''t," William says with finality.

    "There has to be a way," I say, "once I defeat her, she won''t have any im to Noah, so what are her prospects?"

    "Other families like hers,ing from some sort of nobility. They could join territories even, making the proposal that much more attractive."

    "But what about what Violet wants? I saw the look in her eye, she seemed as captivated by Lucas as he was with her," Caleb chimes in.

    "That may be true, but much like the royal family and royal children, there is tradition and there are politics. Violet is Cecil''sst bargaining chip, if you will, she won''t let go so easily."

    We all stay quiet for a while. This is what we feared. Even if Violet mustered the courage to leave Cecil behind, we would be essentially kidnapping her in her mother''s eyes, making all of this mess a political nightmare.

    "Ok, but I really have to ask, are you not worried at all about Vera fighting Violet? Even if Vera is trained as a fighter, Violet is still a lycan!" William asks after a while, truly in disbelief.

    Eli chuckles; Noah and Lucas just look at him, confused.

    "Oh, that''s right," Eli finally says, "the Council was "hiding* when we were all risking our lives to defeat Alistair''s army," Eli runs a hand through his hair, "listen, William, this might strike you as a surprise, but Vera beat actual warrior lycans in that battle, not to mention Alistair and that witch, what makes you think she can''t take down a little girl?"

    Lucas growls furiously at this.

    "Oh, shut the f**k up. You know it''s true, besides what fighting experience can Violet possibly have? Have you forgotten Vera took down a literal mythical creature, *before* getting her beast?"

    Lucas calms down, but then turns to me with concern, "Vera, you can''t hurt her. Please, I know this is unconventional but you can''t hurt her, she''s a good person, I can feel it."

    I smile at him,

    "I won''t, Lucas."

    "And then there''s the other thing." Caleb says.

    "Ah, yes. You think you can take care of that, doc?" Eli asks.

    "Sure, I don''t think it''ll be a problem anyway."

    "What other thing?" William asks, ncing at each of us, searching for answer.

    Noah gets up.

    "Don''t concern yourself with that, William. Come, walk with me, there''s something I have to discuss with you privately."

    Noah snakes his arm around William''s shoulders as they leave the cabin; William flinching slightly at the gesture.

    I frown.

    "What''s that about?" I ask the guys.

    "Beats me," Caleb says.

    Eli simply shrugs.

    "One more thing," Caleb says, "Lucas, you should stay here, or wherever, far away from the battle."

    "What?!"

    "No discussions. First, you''re too vtile right now, what''s to say you won''t attack Vera in the middle of the fight? Second, if you do, and you probably will, it will be a dead giveaway of your feelings for Violet and we have to keep that a secret for now." Lucas sulks, but there is no arguing. If there is something that we have all agreed on, including him, is that we have to keep this under wraps until we figure out how to handle it so that they can be together. If Cecil finds out before we can offer her something she''ll agree to, she may force Violet to reject him.

    There''s a faint knock on the door that draws me out of my thoughts.

    "Come in," Caleb says, moving to the small kitchen to prepare some tea.

    "Excuse me, my Lords, Lady," Jeremyes through the door, bowing slightly, "Queen Cecil has scheduled the fight for tonight at 7:00 PM. It will be held at the main courtyard, at the center of the manor. Please, be there on time." He bows again as he leaves.

    "Good, you have some time to rest," Caleb says, cing an empty mug in front of Lucas, Eli, and myself.

    "Rest? She should train before the fight so she can be done with Violet quickly," Eli says.

    Lucas once again growls.

    "You know, I''m getting real tired of your shit, boy," Eli says, pointing a finger at him.

    "Calm down," Caleb says, filling up our mugs with tea, "what he''s going through is natural, he''s not doing it on purpose."

    Eli grunts, taking his mug and drinking his tea.

    "Vera, you have to promise," Lucas is looking at me.

    "Lucas, I won''t hurt her, I promise."

    As much as I find it cute that he''s so worried about her, he''s getting on my nerves too.

    "Where do you think the magic ising from?" Caleb asks me.

    "To be honest with you, I don''t know, but I have a feeling it''s not Violet."

    "Cecil then?"

    "Perhaps."

    "But your ears rang when Violet entered the room,"

    "That doesn''t mean it''s her, necessarily,"

    "So, what can we expect for the fight?"

    I sigh, taking my mug in my hands,

    "Old man, just expect the unexpected. I trust my abilities enough to deal with it. The magical charge, so to speak, was so faint that I doubt it''sing from a powerful source." We all stay quiet after that, sipping on our tea.

    When I''m done, I excuse myself and leave the cabin. It felt stuffy all of a sudden.

    I am not one to get nervous before a fight, but I''m feeling anxious all of a sudden. I go down to the woods behind the cabin, making my way past the stables and the water well.

    Just stepping into the forest makes me calm down, so I sit down, crossing my legs and resting my back to one of the trees. I close my eyes and focus on my breathing.

    Meditating has helped me manage stress for as long as I can remember, and now it helps me control my magic.

    I breathe in and out slowly, allowing my body to rx. Soon, my wolf is with me, wagging her tail as shees join me. Sheys down and rxes next of me; it warms my heart that she''s so happy every time she sees me.

    We both sync our breathing and soon, we are deep in our meditation.

    In my mind, I travel through all of the forest, almost like connecting to the trees'' root system and navigating through it. For some reason, my mind is being drawn in a specific direction, contrary to other times where my mind simply wanders throughout the forest. In time, Ie across a ce that looks like a greenhouse, full of lush herbs and dangling flowers.This belongs to N?velDrama.Org - ?.

    What is this doing in the middle of nowhere?

    My wolf also perks up at this discovery, pointing her ears forward. Suddenly, she takes off in the direction of the greenhouse, running with her tail raised.

    "Vera?" I hear a voice in the real world, causing me to lose my connection.

    I open my eyes to Caleb crouched beside me.

    "It''s time," he says, his hand on my shoulder.

    "What? Already?"

    I''m genuinely bewildered. When I came here, I still had several hours left before the fight.

    "You''ve been gone quite a while, the fight starts in thirty minutes, you should get ready."

    I frown. Has it really been that long? I always dive deep into my meditation, but it has never made me lose track of time in this way.

    I get up, dusting myself off, and follow Caleb back, not before turning onest time in the direction of the greenhouse, wondering what my wolf might find there.

###Chapter97

    -Vera-

    I opted for a simple outfit for the battle; leggings, a sports bra, and a fitted t-shirt. I also go barefoot i

    of my trainings, and really, this is pretty much that to me.

    When I get to the courtyard, apanied by Eli and Caleb, Noah is already there and he meets us at the door.

    He stands in front of me, taking my face in his hands and giving me a quick kiss. This is the first time we disy any form of affection in front of everyone, but I guess he''s done caring about politics. "Are you ready?" He asks.

    "Always," I smile up to him.

    Soon, the courtyard bes crowded as we are all waiting for Violet and Cecil to make their grand appearance.

    The lights in the room dim after a few minutes and the doors from their side swing open dramatically

    "Oh goddess," I moan, experiencing second hand embarrassment for such theatrics.

    "For fuck''s sake," I hear Eli grunt.

    I''ve noticed Eli is a purist when ites to fighting, all of this nonsense is not only unnecessary, but also distracting; and not in a good way.

    I turn to Noah who is wrinkling his nose at their entrance.

    "V, if you don''t win, I''m taking them out myself," he says, frowning at their attempt at intimidation.

    I huff.

    "You wish,*" I say.

    I take his hands from my face and lower them, then I make my way to the center of the courtyard, where an outline has been drawn to simte a fighting ring.

    I begin stretching, cracking my neck, arms, and back.

    I don''t need theatrics; I just need this thing to be over soon.

    When Violet finally emerges from the crowd, who have taken their time to cheer for her, pat her in the back, and encourage her, shees to meet me at the center; my ears once again ringing lightly. I c**k my head to a side, analyzing her and trying to figure out what about her is magical; it''s *on* her, but not reallying *from* her, if that makes sense.

    Then, she takes off her robe and tosses it to the side, revealing her outfit.

    Oh goddess.

    She can''t be serious.

    I raise an eyebrow and behind me I hear someoneugh explosively, only to cover up theughter with coughing. Of course, it was Eli.

    She is wearing full body armor; heavy metal, chunky boots and all.

    "You really should have worn a little more protection, mutt," she says, her voice aggressive.

    I raise an eyebrow.

    "You do realize all that shit does is slow you down, right? I mean, no offense, but it''s not like you have the muscle tone to carry all that," I say, not at all impressed with her trash talk. She growls, her lycan swirling in her eyes.

    I know now that this battle will be really easy. A good fighter never loses its temper, especially not at the beginning of the battle. You might as well expose your neck to me and be done with it.

    "Thank you all for joining us as witnesses of this fight, where Vera, His Highnesses'' mate has challenged Violet, of the House Cerulean, for the right to the throne and the King''s hand in marriage," William begins talking, "each fighter has the right to use one weapon and one weapon only, there will be no swaps and there will be no recement if the weapon were to be damaged. There will be no outside interference and there will be no time limit to this fight. The first person to submit the other, will be dered the winner. Are we all in agreement?" He asks, looking at Cecil and Noah, who simply nod. "Both parties are in agreement," he raises his arm. Begin!"

    The crowd goes wild, chanting Violet''s name.

    "Doc!" Eli says, tossing me my spear.

    Oh, how I missed it.

    I grab it while Violet unsheathes a golden sword with her family crest on it.Content ? provided by N?velDrama.Org.

    Sheughs,

    "You think you can defeat me with that? Please."

    Sheunches her first attack.

    Even with her bravado, her technique and choices make it painfully obvious that she''s inexperienced in actualbat.

    I roll my eyes and easily dodge her every attack.

    "Go for the neck!" Someone chants in the crowd.

    "Kill her!" Someone else says.

    Even if thements are meant to throw me off, all they''re doing is distracting Violet.

    After a few minutes, Violet is getting noticeably tired from trying to attack me as she''s carrying such heavy armor. Rookie.

    "Come on, mutt! Stop running away!" She yells, almost panting.

    Something is off with her, I had never seen her this worked up, not even when I called her out during the dinner. That day, she simply excused herself nervously; this Violet seems like apletely different person. "And ruin the fun? No way," I say, dodging her again and again.

    After about twenty minutes have passed, she''s panting heavily; the crowd getting exasperated.

    "Finish her!" They chant, as if they''re not witnessing the same fight I am. This girl will sooner drop dead from exhaustion thannd a punch on me.

    "Stop." She swings her sword, "running," her sword hits the ground, "away," she swings her sword again, "from me!" she roars, as her sword, unsurprisingly, misses me again.

    As she''s panting with her sword on the ground, I smirk.

    Fine. If she''s so desperate to end this.

    I run closer to her and her eyes go wide as they lose me for a moment. I have run behind her and before she understands what happened, my spear is cutting her cheek. It''s a superficial wound, but enough to draw quite a bit blood.

    I did promise Lucas I wouldn''t hurt her, but she''ll heal before he sees her again anyway.

    I quickly step away from her, having that first cut only be a warning. She can end this any time before she gets seriously injured.

    The crowd goes silent.

    She straightens her posture, letting her sword fall to the ground. Her eyes are wide, like a rabid animal''s, as her hand slowly goes to her cheek where she feels the warm blood.

    She''s looking straight at me.

    "I WILL KILL YOU!" She yells, taking off her armor in one swift movement, and turning into her lycan.

    Well, I poked the bear, what did I expect?

    Female lycans, unlike males, are slightly smaller and thinner, built for speed rather than brute force. I know from my experience, that they pack a weaker punch, but are much faster than their counterparts.

    She roars furiously as she charges at me, full speed and full force. I am still able to dodge her, but such intensive workout will tire me out quickly; I need to put an end to this.

    As she''s attacking, she''s once again not using the proper technique since she leaves too may openings for me to attack her.

    When sheunches her fists forward, trying to grab me, I kick her feet. As she tries to kick me, I jump and kick her in the face. Of course, this only angers her more, and if I really want to submit her, I might have to go back on the promise I made to Lucas. This time, when she attempts to kick me, I jump up on her leg, using her kick as leverage to jump over her andnd on her shoulders. I begin punching her in the head with all my might, as she desperately thrashes and ws at me, managing to injure my legs with her ws so I retreat, bleeding.

    Screw it.

    I''m sorry, Lucas.

    I grab my spear from the ground where I had ced it and charge at her full force. She tries to stop me with her paws but she can''t and Ie into her stomach with the back of my spear, knocking the wind out of her. She falls to her knees, trying to gasp for air. I run at her again and kick her two times, right on her face.

    She spits out blood and I kick her again on the other side of her face.

    I keeping at her, retreating every other kick to assess my position and where to attack next. The next two to three minutes, I attack her mercilessly, kicking her head, chest, shoulders, arms, until she''s no longer even trying to protect herself.

    On the final kick, I get her straight in her face, feeling a crunch on the ball of my foot of her bones breaking.

    She falls forward to the floor face down, turning back to her human form, clearly unconscious.

    I''m panting.

    Maybe this was a little more intense than training, after all.

    The crowd is once again deadly silent.

    Then, out of the corner of my eye, I notice a figure moving towards me, but it''s toote. Itnds a heavy punch right to the side of my face, sending me flying out of the fighting ring.

###Chapter98

    -Vera-

    The punch disorients me for a few seconds, not understanding exactly where it came from or from whom.

    The force with which it sent me flying almost makes me suspicious that it was Lucas, but my suspicions areid to rest when the figurees over me, attempting to punch me more.

    "You stupid whore!" Cecil screams as shees over me, pinning me to the ground and throwing punches at my face, forcing me to protect myself with my arms, "you were supposed to turn into your wolf, you dumb bitch!" What the hell?

    The shock quickly subsides and it allows me to think quickly; I have to get her off of me.

    I raise my knees from under her, arching my back to dive them into her stomach and remove myself from under her grip.

    She''s heavier than I expected and solidly nted to the ground, but I manage to get her off and put some distance between us after a few seconds of struggling.

    "You crazy bitch," I say as I spit the blood that was pooling inside my mouth from her punches.

    I look over to the fighting ring and Violet is being tended to by the maids who have covered her naked body with a nket. Something catches my eye though; one of the maids that is tending to her has a striking resemnce to the figure my wolf and I sawst night. Now that I focus on her, my ears begin to ring.

    Cecil throws another punch at me; and then another and another, breaking my concentration.

    Whoever that girl is, I will take care of her after putting this psycho down. I had only promised not to hurt Violet, Cecil on the other hand...

    Out of the corner of my eye, I notice Noah and the rest of the guys are being surrounded by the now mob-like crowd. Noah and I lock eyes, and we are both feeling the same thing.

    Intense anger.

    I shake my head slightly, letting him know that I''ll take care of Cecil and he nods, focusing back on the mob. None of them have turned into their lycan form, but Eli''s and Noah''s eyes are turning ck; evidently waiting for an attack.

    "Why won''t you turn?!" Cecilnds a punch to my ribs, causing me to step back and cradle my torso with one arm as the other one is blocking her attacks.

    Clearly, Cecil is a much more adept fighter than her daughter, strategically throwing punches and retreating when necessary.

    She''s got nothing on me, though.

    I square up, tired of being defensive.

    Moving quickly, I lower myself when I get close to Cecil, expecting her to throw a punch to stop me; when she does, Ind two powerful strikes to her belly, causing her to take a few steps back. Not allowing her an inch of relief, I once againe for her, this time kicking her legs.

    Her legs don''t buckle and she takes advantage of our closeness to try andnd a strike to my face. I block it with my left arm, using my right fist to punch her in the face.

    Once again, she takes a few steps back, but this time she reads my next move and fools me into believing she is going to punch again; instead, she strikes me with her leg right on the wounds that her daughter inflicted on me before. "Motherfu-" I curse.

    She smirks to herself, satisfied, but she makes one terrible mistake; she puts distance between us. Taking advantage of this, I put my hands on the floor, taking her by surprise, and gyrate my body so that my feet hit her stomach and jaw. Then,ing to a squat on the ground. I use my legs to catapult myself straight at her, headbutting her in the jaw.

    She staggers back, nursing her now inmed and bloody mouth. I can''t say I''m in much better condition; I feel that my face is also swollen and my legs are still bleeding.

    "Enough!" She roars furiously and turns into her lycan, ripping through her dress.

    I take the opportunity to run towards the fighting ring, looking for a weapon. I can''t see my spear anywhere, so I take Violet''s sword instead.This belongs to N?velDrama.Org - ?.

    The hairs on my nape rise as Ceciles near me, so I quickly turn around and duck, flinging the sword in her general direction; fortunately, it manages to leave a nasty wound on her stomach.

    She''s panting; I don''t know if out of tiredness or anger. Then, she roars loudly like a mad animal and I have to cover my ears at the noise.

    Well, that answers my question.

    Sheunches at me again and again, her lycan making her more agile and powerful.

    In my mind, I feel my wolf inching closer to the surface; she''s growling with her canines fully showing. She''s as angry as I am.

    *Easy now,* I tell her in my head.

    I can''t let her get too close to the surface or my eyes will begin to change and for anyone paying close attention and with enough knowledge, that will be a dead giveaway for what I really am. Then, the figure I had seen previously, the maid that had been tending to Violet,es back into the courtyard.

    "Queen! You can use the powder even if she doesn''t turn!" She yells.

    Powder? What powder?

    Cecil''s lycan smirks sadistically as the girl tosses her a little leather pouch.

    Cecil rips it open with her teeth and throws it at me. Itnds directly on my chest, powder spreading all over me in a thick cloud that limits my visibility. It''s a green-grey tale that smells absolutely disgusting. All of the moring dies down as everyone turns to me, expectant.

    What the heck is this thing?

    Cecil doesn''t move an inch and that stupid smirk of hers only grows wider.

    As the cloud of powder dissipates, my eyes begin to slightly sting and my breathing isbored; I begin to scrunch my nose at the sensation.

    Then, I let out a thunderous sneeze.

    Whatever this thing is, it gave me freaking allergies.

    "What is wrong with you, you crazy bitch?!" I tell her as I rub my itchy nose, exasperated with her antics.

    Her face falls; I''m assuming this is not the reaction she expected.

    She turns quickly towards the girl and so do I; her face is pale and she''s taking several steps back.

    "I- I''m sorry, it should have worked! I don''t know what happened!"

    I narrow my eyes at her; was this supposed to poison me? Incapacitate me?

    I turn my head towards Noah and the rest of them; everyone has been paying close attention at the scene unfolding in front of them. I lock eyes with Eli and nod in the girl''s direction, he nods back and I know he understood; we need to get her.

    She begins running, but so does Eli and she''s no lycan. None of the other people present care enough about her to save her, they''re much too concerned with Cecil and myself.

    I y with the sword in my hand; I''m tired of this shit.

    "Hey!" I draw Cecil''s attention away from where the girl has taken off running; she turns to me and I sprint towards her.

    Using her distraction against her as I realize she won''t be able to predict my move; instead of attacking her head on as she assumes I will, I go to my knees, passing below her legs. I stand up quickly, before she realizes where I''ve gone, and sink the sword deep into her shoulder.

    She screeches in pain, wing frenziedly at her back trying to remove the sword unsessfully.

    Out of the corner of my eye, I spot my spear; one of the members of the crowd is holding it.

    I walk towards him and he steps back on impulse.

    I extend my hand towards the man who is looking at me with a stupefied look on his face. He carefully hands me my weapon and I make my way back to Cecil.

    She has now turned into her human form and has managed to remove the sword from her shoulder; she''s nursing her arm carefully. I made sure to insert the sword in her scap. something I know is debilitatingly painful.

    "Submit." I tell her as I approach her.

    She looks at me defiantly,

    "Never," she seethes.

    "Submit," I say once again, ying with my spear between my hands.

    "Did you not hear me, mutt? Never!"

    "Submit," I say yet again,pletely calm and inching closer to her.

    "I would rather die!"

    I turn to Noah, Caleb, and Eli; they all have a resolute look on their faces.

    Noah nods once.

    I sigh.

    "As you wish," I say, turning to Cecil and lifting my spear.

    She refuses to close her eyes and decides to stare at me, challenging, waiting to be struck down.

    I lift it and just as I''m about to strike her down, a voice calls from within the crowd, halting me. "STOP!" It yells.

###Chapter99

    -Vera-

    "STOP!"

    Violetes rushing down, pushing the crowd aside as she makes her way to her mother.

    "Please! Please have mercy!"

    She kneels down in front of me, covering Cecil.

    "No! Do not get in the way! I lost in battle to this mutt, I deserve death!" Cecil says, trying to shove her daughter aside but wincing in pain. "Mother, you can''t! We need you!"

    Violet motions to help her mother up, but Cecil ps her hands away.

    My hand goes to my forehead, rubbing it; these people are giving me a headache. Goddess, they''re extremists.

    I turn to Noah and shrug my shoulders, lowering the spear to my side; this is not my ce to make decisions.

    Noah moves closer to us; the people moving away to give him space.

    "Do you submit?" He asks Cecil when he is beside me.

    **Never" she says.

    "For fuck''s sake, woman. William, is she capable of continuing the fight?"

    It takes a minute for William to answer. All this time, he''s been relegated to a corner, watching everything unfold right in front of him, much to his horror.

    "She- she most definitely isn''t," he says.

    "And did she not break the rules by entering to fight my mate instead of her daughter?"

    "Ye-yes," William stutters.

    "And what is the punishment for such actions?"

    "De-death, Your Highness,"

    "Precisely. But since I am The King, I can decide if she is indeed put to death, is that correct?"

    "Yes, My King."

    "Excellent," he turns to Cecil, crouching down to be at eye level with her, "So now, I am giving you and your entire family an easy way out. You get to keep your head, your daughter gets to keep hers, and this entirely family continues on existing, if and only if you submit right now."

    "Ne-" she begins, but William stops her.

    "Cousin," he''s stern, "I suggest you consider His Highness, our King''s, gracious offer carefully. Think of the future of this House."

    Cecil is grinding her teeth and breathing heavily through her nose; pure rage in her expression.

    "I submit." she whispers finally.

    Noah tilts his head to a side,

    "What was that?"

    "I submit." she whispers again.

    "Hmm no, I didn''t catch that, again please."

    "I submit!" she yells angrily.Content ? provided by N?velDrama.Org.

    "Ah, there it is. Thank you."

    He gestures at the maids toe tend to Cecil''s wounds and they flock to her with rags, a nket to cover her, and bandages. She''ll need a little more than that for her shoulder wound, but I''m not about to volunteer that information. If I liked her, I''d even offer her some great painkillers I brought from the Castle for the next few days.

    Noah turns his full attention to me now,ing to stand in front of me and lightly brushing through my face with his fingertips.

    "How bad is it?" I ask.

    It''s not as painful as it probably looks since the adrenaline is still coursing through my body.

    He smiles at me,

    "You''re already beginning to heal," he notes, kneeling and taking a closer look at my legs.

    When he stands back up, he takes a rag from one of the maids and begins dabbing it on my face; I wince. This is really going to hurt when my adrenalinees back down.

    The crowd has now begun to disperse as quickly as it gathered and only William, Noah, Caleb, Violet, Cecil, the maids, and myself are left in the courtyard.

    Elies through the doors, holding the maid I pointed out earlier by her wrists.

    "What should we do with this one, doc?" He asks.

    Ie closer to her, leaving Noah at the center of the courtyard. She looks like she''s about to throw up. When I''m right in front of her, I touch her face with my fingertips, an undeniable current flowing through them.

    I have no doubt in my mind.

    This girl is a witch.

    "Her and I need to have a talk," I gesture at Eli to hand her over to me, but before he can, Violetes running towards us.

    "No, no please, my Queen, I beg of you, spare her! This was all our idea, she had nothing to do with this!"

    Violet''s eyes are pooling with tears as she pleads for this maid.

    I frown. What was who''s idea?

    "Shut up, you fool!" Cecil yells.

    I sigh, regretting that I didn''t get to kill her.

    "If you tell me the truth, Violet, I will spare her," I say, intrigued by Cecil''s sudden outburst.

    "She, she..." she looks at her friend who noticeable gulps, "she has some training, you see, in the art of witchcraft, but she''s not a witch! I swear!"

    Ie closer to Violet, cing my face right in front of hers.

    "Aren''t you a lying little princess." I whisper, and she nches. "I-I..." Violet stutters.

    I sigh again, this time closing my eyes and massaging my temple.

    "I''m not going to kill her, Violet, I know she''s a witch, I just need the rest of the story. What was that thing that Cecil threw at me? It gave me allergies," just in cue, I sneeze, "and quite frankly all this bullshit is giving me a headache." Violet is gaping, her friend is close to passing out, and apparently Cecil has run out of snarky

    "It wasn''t their idea; I offered my help!" The friend finally says, "when we found out that His Highness wasing and that Violet would have a real shot at bing Queen, we knew we had to try everything!"

    "Ok, now we''re getting somewhere, what exactly *did* you try?"

    She gulps as now my attention ispletely on her.

    "We - I - I gave Violet a special perfume meant to attract His Highness, it was concocted from special herbs, pheromones, and The King''s hair to make it specific to him."

    I raise an eyebrow at this and turn to Noah who simply shrugs, not knowing how they acquired. his hair either.

    "My my mom took some from him when she gave him the tour of the manor," Violet says shyly.

    Noah takes a quick moment to narrow his eyes at Cecil who has decided topletely ignore everything that''s happening in front of her.

    "And then what?" I ask the maid.

    "And that didn''t work. We didn''t know he had a mate and that''s probably why the pheromones didn''t work."

    She''s not wrong, but she also doesn''t know that Noah has a natural, and acquired, level of immunity to magic, even concoctions such as hers.

    "And then we we wanted to try again, but without having you around..."

    "That''s why you tried going into his room at night."

    "Yes," she admits, embarrassed, "we thought I could seduce him and if we... if we did it then he''d have to take me as his wife."

    "And the powder?" I ask, ignoring the fact that she just admitted to having plotted to sleep with my mate.*

    "That was wolf''s bane, and it was meant to poison you," she says, her head down, "but it didn''t work, I - I don''t know why."

    "Girl, that thing was not wolf''s bane, I can guarantee you that," I say.

    Back at the Pack House, we are all taught to detect wolf''s bane from miles away to avoid it. If exposed to it for prolonged periods of time, or ingested inrge doses, it can be fatal to any wolf.    Back home, if you''re a trained warrior, you are given small quantities over time to create certain immunity to it, at least enough so that it doesn''t kill you right away; this is how I was trained. It makes sense that they wanted me to turn, too, since wolf''s bane is more effective on our beast forms than our human forms. This thing, however, whatever it was, did not smell, taste, or feel like wolf''s bane.

    "Oh." she simply says, genuinely surprised.

    "So, what do we do with her?" Eli asks, still holding on to the girl.

    I think for a while, and on instinct, perhaps guided by my wolf, I say,

    "Let her go."

    He cocks an eyebrow at me.

    "Excuse me?"

    "Yeah, let her go. She''s harmless. She can''t even tell what''s wolf''s bane and what isn''t."

    Her head sags, embarrassed at myment.

    "Fine," Eli says, letting her go and she falls to the ground.

    Violet and her immediately hug tightly, crying into each other.

    Grateful that all of this is over, for now, I begin to turn to go back to Noah but suddenly, Violet''

    s head snaps to the left, as if moved by some invisible force.

    "What happened?" I hear Lucas ask as he enters the courtyard.

###Chapter100

    -Vera-

    I stay by Violet, observing her, as she''s enthralled by the sight of Lucas. Her friend has separated from her and is looking at her questioningly; then, she follows her line of sight. She looks back and forth between Lucas and Violet, realization crossing her expression. "Oh no..." she whispers. Violet does not move an inch, but Lucas is striding across the courtyard, past Noah, past Cecil, past Eli, directly to his mate.

    He kneels in front of her, cing a delicate palm on her cheek and looking at the faint scar my spear left on her face. She''s healed by now, of course, but the scar might take a few weeks to disappear; at least I was delicate enough to make the wound very shallow. He turns to me to throws a sour look my way.

    "I thought you weren''t going to hurt her," he says in a low, grave voice.

    "Well, she gave me a run for my money," I lie.

    "You promised," he says, his lycan eyes swirling as he stands up to face me.

    Crap.

    He squares up to me and just as he''s about to turn into his beast, a deafening growles from right behind me, sending chills down my spine. Before I see him, I feel him; Noah''s vicious aura almost makes my knees buckle.

    I turn back to look at him. His eyes are fully ck, his lycan making its presence known. Everyone behind him, including Caleb and Eli, have taken an involuntary step back. Cecil is paralyzed, her eyes wide with fear. "Touch her, and you die," he says, his thick voice homicidal.

    Even Lucas, with the courage and momentum provided by his mate bond to Violet, has to take several cautious steps back, his eyes back to normal. Instead of defying him, he unconsciously bows his head.

    Violet and her friend are frozen in ce, looking at Noah in absolute horror.

    I ce a gentle hand on his chest, getting on my tippy toes to kiss his chin.

    "It''s alright, Noah," I say.

    Even if I feel his aura as much as the others, it doesn''t exactly have the same effect on me.

    He calms down instantly, his eyes turning back to normal.

    He smiles down at Violet and her friend, trying to ease their fear.

    "Well, I think that settles it," he intertwines his fingers with mine and kisses my hand. affectionately, "shall we? I need to take a closer look at those wounds."

    I nod, happy to be done with all of this.

    When we make our way past Cecil, he turns to her; she still hasn''t taken her eyes off of Noah

    once.

    "When you feel up to it, Cecil, there''s a matter I''d like to discuss with you," he says, nodding in the direction of Lucas and Violet, who are now looking at each other adoringly.

    Cecil follows his gesture, her expression difficult to read; she simply nods at Noah, absentmindedly.

    Noah guides me within the manor to his room, which is thankfully a rather short walkpared to the Castle. When we get there, he closes and locks the doors behind us. I step further into the room, admiring its quaint decoration. It''s very simple, with only the necessary furniture and light fixtures, but it''s quite cozy; I like it better than the King''s bedroom back at the Castle.

    "I''ll run you a hot bath," he says, disappearing into the bathroom.

    I keep walking around the room, admiring the paintings hanging on the walls; most of them are of nature and beautiful, rxing scenery. Making my way to one of the windows, I notice it''s in the direction where I saw the greenhouse and it makes me consider what to do with the girl witch.

    "Hey," Noahes up behind me, "what are you staring at?"

    "What would you say if we ask that witch toe with us?"

    "I would tell you that if there''s one thing I''ve learned these past months, is that your gut is never wrong." he says, massaging my shoulders.

    I let my head lull back, resting it on his chest.

    I moan.

    "If I get this treatment every time I have to fight for your hand in marriage, it''ll be worth it."Content from N?velDr(a)ma.Org.

    He chuckles and kisses the top of my head.

    "Come, the bath is ready."

    He guides me to therge tub in the center of the bathroom. For some reason, unlike the bedroom, the bath is actually luxurious; it''s clear where the priorities lied when this manor was built. "ording to Cecil, this used to be her husband''s favorite room when he was still alive."

    He starts to take off my top and sports bra, followed by my leggings. I wince as the fabric of the leggings grazes my wounds.

    He stops.

    "Is this okay?"

    "Yeah." I say, closing my eyes, "just get it off me."

    He hurries and does as he''s told, offering his hand to me as support as I step into the bath.

    I sink in, the warm water offering immediate relief to my sore muscles. Some of the water turns pinkish as thest unhealed areas of my wounds are still bleeding.

    "Aren''t you going to join me?" I ask him.

    After a few seconds of consideration, he smiles at me and begins taking off his clothes.

    I scoot forward to make room for him; even if the tub is enormous, I still want him close to me.

    He sits behind me, letting me ce my back to his chest as he continues to rub my shoulders, back, and nape.

    "I didn''t think that little girl could be so aggressive," hements.

    "I don''t think that was all her. There are some roots that can be used to make someone much more aggressive, even raise their stamina. I''m guessing her witch friend had something to do with it."

    "I thought all witches were gone,"

    "For the most part they are, ording to my grandmother. Some have remained here to try and live out their normal lives; but that girl is different, she''s young, and I don''t just mean her looks. Most witches appear young, but they can be hundreds of years old." "You''re joking," he says, stopping his massage to raise a brow at me.

    "I wish. My grandmother doesn''t look a day over thirty, same as my aunt. That witch I killed? Mehra? Her body looked more like a corpse when I went to burned her, meaning she was way older than she looked."

    He sighs and continues massaging me.

    We don''t say a word for a while, both of us deep in thought.

    "Noah?"

    "Yeah?"

    "Your aura... it''s getting a little out of control."

    He doesn''t say anything.

    "The guys have begun to notice," I continue, "it''s the second time in this trip that you scare them half to death. Back in the forest I thought it was because of our dry spell... but today..." I drift off, not wanting to pressure him into talking about it if he doesn''t want to. "V, I''m sorry but I don''t know what you mean."

    I turn around to face him,

    "What do you mean you don''t know what I mean? Did you not notice Lucas lowering his head just now? The other guys took several steps back too, not knowing what to do. Even Violet and her friend were about to cry because they were so scared."

    He genuinely has no idea what I''m talking about, judging by his expression.

    "Noah, what did you feel when Lucas was about to attack me?" I ask him.

    "Anger, naturally."

    "Yes, but what besides anger? The need to submit him? The desire for him to obey you?"

    He considers this for a few seconds.

    "No, none of that, I just knew that if he touched you, I''d cut his hands off."

    I frown, not really knowing how to continue on this conversation. If he has no idea what I''m talking about, he can provide little to no insight into what this is.

    It feels exactly like an alpha wolf aura, and the reaction from everyone around him is the reaction every wolf would have to an alpha, but now, I''m second guessing myself. I know alphas use their aura willingly to submit others, make them bend to their will, but Noah is doing it unconsciously. It''s both impressive and incredibly worrying that he has no idea what he''s doing with such impressive presence.

    I bite my lip.

    "You look worried," he says.

    I shake my head,

    "No, I''m just thinking."

    There is really only one person who could offer some insight, and that person is Sophia.

    I turn my back to Noah, once again letting my body rest against his.

    Even with all the thoughts and worries in my head, soon after our conversation is done, I am half asleep. Fighting Violet and Cecil has drained me.

    After a while, I feel Noah lift me off of the bath and carry me to the bed. He lightly dabs a towel all across my body as I drift off to sleep.

    I open my eyes slightly. It feels like I''ve slept hours already, but I need more. Something woke me up.

    "Hey, it''s just me."

    It''s Noah making his way across the bed to me. Soon, I feel hisrge arme over me, cradling me to him. He kisses my cheek gently, then my forehead, then my nose, and then my shoulder.

    I sigh inplete contentment and quickly go back to sleep, lulled by Noah''s warmth.