
###chapter 1 First Love Returns
********
She gambled her marriage to save her family. He vowed to break her pride. But when her royal flush identity surfaces, their game turns lethal—where love is the ultimate bet.
********

"Isabella Taylor, if you can't have a child, get out of the Brown Family!"

At Aiden Brown's birthday party, Isabella of the Brown Family overheard people gossiping that she couldn't have children.

Her husband Michael Brown's mother, Stella Hall, felt embarrassed.

She slapped Isabella in public and gave her an ultimatum.

Isabella covered her swollen face and received a photo as she left the Brown Villa in disgrace.

In the photo, romantic rose petals were arranged in a heart shape, and the birthday backdrop made of balloons was beautifully vibrant.

The girl standing in the center was stunningly beautiful, smiling sweetly and happily at the camera.

Clenching her fingers, Isabella was furious because Michael had refused to attend Aiden's birthday party, causing her to be scolded harshly.

Yet, he had meticulously arranged a birthday scene for his first love and was celebrating her birthday!

Gritting her teeth, Isabella turned around, got into her car, and drove off with a sharp turn.

She also wanted to have children, but in the three years of marriage, Michael had never touched her. How was she supposed to conceive? Asexual reproduction?

But the Brown Family was pressuring her and threatening her.

If she couldn't get pregnant, she feared she wouldn't be able to keep her position as Mrs. Brown in the Brown Family.

After all, Michael only had hatred for her, not love.

If she were kicked out of the Brown Family, he would be the first to raise his hands in approval.

Isabella made a turn and drove onto the main road.

The photo showed a corner of the background, and Isabella recognized it as a well-known hotel in Evergreen City.

When she arrived, the clock struck midnight.

Isabella pushed the door open, and a "bang" exploded above her head.

Fireworks lit up the sky, their dazzling colors making Isabella a bit dizzy.

She pursed her lips and pushed open the door to the banquet hall.

A wave of lively noise hit her, and the crowd was cheering. "Kiss, kiss."

No one noticed Isabella's sudden appearance.

A long table was set in the center of the banquet hall, with four people sitting around it.

Each person had a seductive girl in their arms.

And her husband, Michael, was sitting in the host's seat, holding Bianca Taylor, whose long hair flowed down her back.

Her innocent and pure face was now flushed red from the crowd's teasing, and she looked at Michael with big, watery eyes.

Michael met her gaze, his eyes tender and affectionate.

He had a faint smile on his lips, but it was clear it came from the heart.

In the three years Isabella had been married to him, he had never smiled at her.

"Who would have thought, Michael, undefeated in the casino, would lose on purpose just to kiss Bianca!"

"Yeah, Bianca. In the years you were abroad, Michael didn't have any other women around him because of you. Now that you're back, you can't let him down!"

Hearing this, Bianca's face turned even redder, and her gaze at Michael was filled with pure affection.

From the moment Isabella saw the face in the photo, she knew she wouldn't be able to keep her position as Michael's wife this time.

For no other reason than that Bianca was Michael's first love, whom he could never have!

She was also Isabella's half-sister.

Back then, the Brown Family disapproved of Bianca's status, broke them up, and forced Michael to marry Isabella.

On the wedding day, Bianca left heartbroken. If it weren't for Aiden's disapproval, Michael would have probably left the wedding to chase after her.

The sight of the two gazing at each other with deep affection hurt Isabella's heart.

Seeing their heads getting closer and closer.

Isabella cleared her throat, drawing everyone's attention.

She leaned lazily against the door, arms crossed, and said, "I was wondering which woman had such charm that he couldn't even attend Mr. Brown's birthday. Turns out it's you! Long time no see, my shameless sister Bianca! Your mom was a mistress when she had you, and now you're here to seduce Michael. What, is the mistress gene hereditary? Michael lost on purpose just to kiss you. You are a born actress!"

Bianca was still the same as three years ago, always playing the victim.

As soon as Isabella's harsh words came out, Bianca's eyes immediately reddened, as if she had suffered a great grievance. "Isabella, you misunderstood. We were just playing around. At a friends' gathering, everyone suggested playing cards, and since gambling for money seemed boring, we decided to play for other stakes."

Isabella curled her lips into a cold smile.

She understood Bianca's little schemes.

She was subtly flaunting that Michael's friends included her in their activities but excluded Isabella, implying that as Michael's wife, she was actually nothing.

But no matter what, Isabella was Michael's wife now.

No matter how much Michael loved Bianca, she still had to bear the label of a mistress.

Moreover, it was Isabella who are originally engaged to Michael.

Michael and Bianca's love was never accepted by everyone from the start!

Isabella was stunningly beautiful, with striking features, and when she sneered, her aura was overwhelming.

Bianca, with her delicate demeanor, was completely overshadowed in front of her.

"If you like playing around, come to me. I know plenty of games that will leave you wanting more!" Isabella said.

Bianca pursed her lips, hiding the disdain in her eyes. "Isabella, you might not know, but the way Michael and his friends play cards is different from what you learned in the countryside. It's very complicated; Michael taught me all night, and I still couldn't get it."

Everyone knew that Isabella was not favored by her father, Indigo Taylor. When she was young, she made a mistake that angered Indigo, and she was sent to the countryside.

She wasn't brought back until she was an adult.

"You couldn't learn because you're stupid, spending all your time thinking about how to seduce men," Isabella mercilessly exposed. "As for me, I've been playing cards since I was a child. No matter how difficult the game, it's a piece of cake to me."

Humiliated repeatedly, Bianca couldn't maintain her composure.

She looked at Isabella with teary eyes, "Isabella, I know you've never liked me, thinking I stole Dad's love. When we were kids, you pushed me down the stairs, almost making me spend my life in a wheelchair. Now you're jealous of my past with Michael and falsely accuse me of seducing him. I stayed abroad for three years to make way for you. Today is just a normal friends' gathering. Just because you're Mrs. Brown, does that mean you have to restrict Michael's basic social interactions?"

Then she looked at Michael with teary eyes, "Michael, if that's the case, then we shouldn't see each other anymore. I'm afraid... I'm afraid Isabella will misunderstand again."

From the moment Isabella appeared until now, Michael hadn't given her a single glance.

It wasn't until now that he looked at her coldly, "She has no right to control me. She's just an irrelevant person; who cares if she misunderstands."

Bianca's lips instinctively curled up, but she tried to restrain herself. "Michael, don't say that about Isabella..."

Michael raised his hand to pat her head, looking at Isabella with eyes as cold as ice. "Get out. This isn't a place for you!"

Isabella was so angry that she laughed, her eyes cold. "This shabby hotel is indeed unworthy of me. Michael, celebrating your first love Bianca's birthday, couldn't you have chosen a better place? Is Bianca unworthy of the top banquet hall at The Grand Majestic Hotel?"

The Grand Majestic Hotel was the most luxurious hotel in Evergreen City.

The top banquet hall there could directly host state guests.

Although Bianca knew she wasn't worthy, hearing Isabella say it so bluntly still made her feel bad.

Especially since Isabella kept emphasizing her status as Mrs. Brown, it was like a slap in Bianca's face.

Bianca was furious but couldn't say anything, feeling utterly stifled!

Michael frowned and glared at Isabella, "Shut up!"

"Fine." Isabella obediently shut up, walked over in her high heels, and disdainfully looked at the crease on his pants, which was caused by Bianca sitting on his lap.

"Throw away those pants. They're so wrinkled, even a tramp wouldn't wear them!"

With one sentence, she insulted both of them.

Everyone around gasped; Isabella's words were indeed sharp!

Isabella didn't care how ugly Michael's face looked and pulled a chair to sit next to him.

She elegantly crossed her legs, "The fireworks are done, the cards have been played, isn't it time to go home?"

"Go home?" Michael's deep eyes shot out two sharp, mocking glances. He sat up straight, towering over Isabella, exuding a sense of oppression. "Go home for what? To watch you act like a bitch in heat, trying to seduce me in every possible way?"

Isabella was infuriated.

But her personality was such that the angrier she got, the brighter her smile became.

No matter how much it hurt inside, she would never admit defeat on the surface.

"As my husband, isn't that your duty? If you can't do it, then naturally, I have to work a bit harder."

###chapter 2 Divorce

A simple sarcastic remark, and Isabella's heart ached first.

No one knew that Isabella loved Michael.

Even though she had forced him to marry her with an engagement, she had secretly rejoiced for a long time because they became husband and wife.

But after Michael married her, he completely ignored her.

William didn't even want to touch her, and he found it annoying to even look at her.

The Brown Family kept urging her to have an heir, and her grandfather Daniel Wilson also hoped she would have a child soon.

At first, she understood that William was upset about being separated from Bianca and didn't hold it against him.

It was only tonight that she realized it was all for Bianca.

How ironic!

They were already married, yet he remained physically faithful.

William had been married to someone else anyhow!

The more Isabella thought about it, the more stifled she felt, but her smile became brighter. "If you have a sexual dysfunction, I don't mind doing IVF. Or if you don't mind raising someone else's child, I can find a surrogate. You know,  the prerequisite for your inheritance is to have a child. After tonight, you have two months to think it over. Anyway, you compromised to marry me for ten percent of the shares, so compromising to have a child for the management rights shouldn't be a big deal. I'm very open-minded. As long as you complete the task, I don't care how you play or how many lovers you have..."

Before Isabella could finish her sentence, William suddenly stood up and grabbed her jaw, pushing her back.

The chair tilted back, and she hit the table behind her, barely steadying herself.

William's eyes were cold. "Isabella, how dare you treat me as a tool for having children?"

Of course Isabella dared.

When Daniel had an accident, she dared to force him to marry her with an engagement, so what else wouldn't she dare to do?

Isabella closed her eyes, enduring the discomfort, "IVF or surrogacy, or you can have the child with me yourself, your choice!"

Michael looked down at Isabella's cold, mocking face, countless emotions flashing in his eyes.

How many years had it been since someone threatened him like this?

Michael was so angry that he laughed, "You think you're worthy of having my child?"

Isabella also laughed, her beautiful eyes narrowing and shining sharply.

"Fine!" She pushed Michael away, shifting her weight forward to bring the chair back to the ground.

As soon as she was back on her feet, she opened her bag, and threw a stack of papers in Michael's face. "Then let's get a divorce. Your friends are all here, so they can be witnesses. I don't want a useless cheater who can't even have children!"

No one knew how much courage it took for Isabella to say that.

The divorce agreement had been in her bag for a long time, ever since her 99th attempt to seduce Michael had failed.

She loved Michael, but this was as far as it could go.

She had tried very hard to be with him.

Especially, he shouldn't have used Bianca to humiliate her.

With the backing of the Brown Family, Michael had always been a leader in their circle.

After Michael took over the company as an adult, he gradually turned the Brown Group into a multinational corporation, ranking among the world's top companies.

It had been a long time since anyone dared to throw something in his face.

And in front of so many people.

The atmosphere in the banquet hall instantly turned icy, with only Bianca barely containing her excitement.

She pretended to mediate, "Isabella, how can you talk about divorce with Michael in front of so many people? You're trampling on Michael's dignity! Apologize to Michael, and forget about the divorce! If you're angry about the joke earlier, I apologize. Don't let it affect your relationship with Michael; that would be my fault!"

"Who do you think you are? You think you have the right to affect my relationship with him?" Isabella looked Bianca up and down with disdain, "This is none of your business!"

Bianca, feeling wronged, closed her eyes with tears, her eyes full of malice.

She thought, 'Isabella, go ahead and be arrogant. The more arrogant you are, the more Michael will hate you.'

"Michael, if you want a divorce, sign the papers. Sexual dysfunction is one thing, but dragging out a divorce, are you even a man?" Isabella said.

Bianca, unwilling to give up, jumped in to defend Michael. "Isabella, mind your words. Michael is a man, and it's too much to insult him like that!"

Isabella retorted, her probing gaze shifting between the two of them. "A man? What, have you tried sleeping with him?"

If they had really slept together, Isabella could demand more in the divorce settlement.

After all, it would be adultery during the marriage.

Bianca's face instantly turned red, her shy gaze sweeping over Michael.

She wished she could try!

After all, Michael was the man she had dreamed of since she was a child.

But unfortunately...

Bianca clenched her fists. "You don't have to slander me like this. Michael and I are innocent."

Isabella sneered, "Innocent like sitting on Michael's lap and kissing? That kind of innocent?"

Bianca's face turned green.

Michael looked at Isabella with a cold smile, his eyes dark and terrifying. "You want a divorce so badly, what, do you have someone else you like?"

"None of your business. Even if I don't have someone now, I can find someone after the divorce!" Isabella's eyes lifted, forming a beautiful arc.

She still had to fulfill Daniel's wish.

Finding a man willing to be with her wasn't hard.

Although finding someone better than Michael might be difficult, finding someone comparable was definitely possible!

"Besides, by divorcing, I'm doing you a favor. What are you dissatisfied with? Unless you don't want to give Bianca a proper status and want her to remain a mistress forever?" Isabella's meaningful tone made Bianca's face change. She looked at Michael with a pale, hopeful, and anxious expression.

But Michael didn't even glance at her; he kept staring at Isabella as if trying to see through her.

After a long time, he slowly spoke, "Divorce, fine! You said you played cards since you were a kid. If you beat me, I'll sign."

Michael held up the deck of cards on the table, his narrowed eyes revealing unreadable emotions.

Isabella didn't speak, just looked at him and smiled.

Her smile was cold, with an indescribable mockery.

"Are you scared?" Michael threw the cards back on the table, his mouth curling in contempt.

Isabella coldly laughed, "Remember what you said. If you lose, don't cry!"

With that, she raised her hand and took off her trench coat.

Isabella had come straight from Aiden's birthday banquet, still wearing the red dress from the event.

It was a dress she had specially chosen for herself, with a backless design that revealed her beautiful shoulder blades and a large area of delicate skin.

The cinched waist design accentuated her slender waist, and her chest formed a beautiful curve.

She was as beautiful as a siren, making people breathless.

All the men present were staring!

How could Michael bear to neglect such a beautiful woman for so many years?

Could Michael really have a sexual dysfunction?

Many people, daringly, glanced at Michael's crotch.

Michael's face instantly turned ugly.

His gaze fell on Isabella, his hand on the table clenched, veins bulging.

Bianca saw this and was so jealous her eyes were spitting fire!

She thought, 'Isabella, that bitch, grew up in the countryside but turned out so beautiful. With such a seductive appearance, she really knows how to lure men. Absolutely despicable!'

Isabella sat down at the table, leaning forward slightly, casually playing with the cards in front of her. "How do you want to play? Blackjack? Roulette? Or Poker?"

Michael's friends exchanged glances. Wow, Isabella really seemed to know her stuff!

"Blackjack, don't want you to lose too badly!" Michael said.

Isabella gave a wicked smile and started shuffling the cards.

Her fingers were long and slender.

Fifty-four playing cards were manipulated into various tricks by her ten fingers, even the rich kids who were used to playing cards couldn't help but exclaim, "Impressive!"

Just based on her shuffling skills, Isabella was definitely a pro!

Even Michael's gaze towards Isabella changed slightly.

Did Isabella really know how to play cards? Where did she learn it?

After shuffling, Isabella leaned over and dealt Michael a card.

Her deep cleavage was fully exposed due to the leaning motion, making everyone swallow hard.

Michael's face turned black on the spot!

###chapter 3 You Can't Let Go of Me, Have You Fallen in Love with Me?

Isabella dealt the cards quickly, her movements smooth and graceful. After dealing, she rested her chin on one hand, her eyes seductive. "Want more?"

Michael was looking at her, not the cards. Next to him, Bianca was anxious but didn't dare show it too much.

She gently nudged his arm to remind him, "Michael..."

Isabella raised her eyelids slightly. "By the way, let me remind you. Michael and I are not divorced yet. All the expenses for your birthday today are considered marital assets. I'll have someone settle the accounts later. If you know what's good for you, you'll pay me back willingly. Otherwise, I'll have to sue you!"

Bianca's face turned black.

Especially when she saw that Michael had no reaction to Isabella's words, her face turned as pale as a sheet.

"Want more?" Isabella ignored Bianca and asked Michael again.

Michael tapped the cards with his well-defined fingers and said calmly, "Yes."

Isabella suddenly smiled. She hadn't even dealt the cards yet but stood up, leaning on the table.

"You've lost!" Her body leaned towards him, her deep cleavage appearing right in front of Michael.

Bianca wished she could rush over and cover Michael's eyes.

But she didn't dare. She could only shout unwillingly from the side, "You haven't even dealt the cards. How can you say Michael lost? Isabella, if you don't know how to play cards, just admit it. Why pretend?"

Isabella clicked her tongue, her gaze sweeping disdainfully over Bianca before landing on Michael.

Her eyes seemed to say: You're a highly praised businessman, how could you fall for someone as stupid as Bianca?

She picked up the card Michael wanted, flipped it over, and showed it to everyone.

Bianca had just heard Michael explain the rules of blackjack and still remembered them.

When she saw the card, her face changed immediately.

Michael had really lost!

He lost at the card table, to Isabella, that bitch!

"This is impossible!" Bianca screamed. "You must have done something. How could Michael lose!"

Isabella found it amusing. "So what if he loses now? With you around, he'll only keep losing in the future! Where is your disgusting tone? Keep it up."

Bianca's face turned ugly.

She looked to Michael for help, hoping he would speak up for her.

But Michael's eyes were fixed on Isabella, not even sparing a glance at her.

His eyes seemed to be brewing a storm, and thins were about to froze.

David Miller, who knew Michael best, reacted and signaled everyone to leave.

Bianca didn't want to go but was dragged away by David.

Unless he wanted to lose, Michael had never lost at the card table.

Unexpectedly, Michael's first loss was to Isabella.

The banquet hall door slammed shut, and Isabella looked away from the intense eye contact.

She turned and bent down to get her coat.

Her bare back was exposed to Michael, her shoulder blades looking beautiful.

Michael's eyes darkened for a moment. He grabbed Isabella's slender wrist and pulled her over.

He was strong, pulling Isabella off balance. Before she could react, he lifted her onto the table by her waist.

Michael leaned over, looking down at her, his eyes half-closed, danger emanating from him. "Cheating in front of me, huh?"

And her cheating technique was so skilled that if he hadn't marked the cards, he wouldn't have noticed.

Michael suddenly felt that after three years of marriage, he didn't know Isabella at all.

"Do you have evidence, Mr. Brown? If not, please don't slander me. Or are you just a sore loser trying to avoid divorce?"

"Divorce? Don't you want a child to secure your position as Mrs. Brown?"

Isabella sneered. "There are plenty of good men out there. Without you, I can find another anytime. A child is just a child. If you don't want to have one with me, plenty of men will. After all, I'm so good-looking. If I post an announcement, many men will come to me willingly."

"No wonder you're so eager to divorce me. You must have planned to use the alimony I give you to support your lover." Michael's face darkened, his eyes like knives. "Isabella, do you think I'm dead?"

"A proper ex should be as good as dead, right?" Isabella felt uncomfortable being grabbed and twisted.

They were so close that her struggling movements rubbed against Michael's legs, instantly arousing him.

"You want a man so badly? Fine, I'll satisfy you!" He grabbed her shoulders and pushed her back, his strong body pressing down on her.

Isabella was stunned for a moment. Realizing what he was about to do, she resisted even more fiercely. "Michael, what are you doing? I don't want you anymore. Get away from me. You're disgusting!"

She tried to kick him, but he grabbed her ankle and pulled her over, her legs spread wide. Michael's waist was between her legs, the position suggestive!

She felt Michael's growing erection, and Isabella was dumbfounded.

What was wrong with Michael? She had tried to seduce him ninety-nine times before, and he never responded.

Why was he reacting now that she mentioned divorce?

Could Michael have some kind of fetish?

Michael started unbuttoning his shirt, his long fingers fitted the black silk fabric, creating a mesmerizing sight.

But Isabella had no time to appreciate it; she just wanted to run!

If it were before, she would have been happy if Michael treated her like this, even responding passionately.

But now, on the card table where he had been with Bianca, she only felt disgusted.

It was as if Michael had stripped away her last bit of dignity, thrown it on the ground, and trampled on it.

She couldn't stand it!

"Michael, are you even a man? Wanting to have sex with me when I ask for a divorce? What, did you suddenly realize you can't let me go and have fallen in love with me?"

It was like a bucket of cold water poured over Michael. He stopped unbuttoning.

He looked down at Isabella, his features cold and angry.

"Fallen in love with you?" He seemed to be hit where it hurt, his expression mocking. "Isabella, you wish!"

Seeing that he no longer wanted to force her, Isabella sighed in relief and pushed him away. "Then what? I ask for a divorce to fulfill your great love, and you want to sleep with me and give me a child? Don't tell me you suddenly realized you could endure a bit more for the sake of control"

"."

Her words undoubtedly enraged Michael!

Michael's eyes darkened, and he grabbed Isabella's neck, his fingers tightening. "Isabella, who do you think you are? Divorce can only be initiated by me. You have no right!"

Isabella's face turned red as she couldn't breathe.

She grabbed Michael's hand and spoke with difficulty. "Then go ahead and initiate it. If you don't, I'll think you really love me and can't bear to divorce me!"

Isabella's words seemed to disgust Michael.

He let go, took a wet wipe, and slowly wiped the places he had touched her.

Then he crumpled it up and threw it away. "Divorce is fine. But you get nothing!"

###chapter 4 Uncle Thomas

With that, Michael not even glanced at Isabella before turning and leaving.

Michael's upright figure was filled with intense anger.

The loud commotion startled the people in the hallway outside.

No one dared to speak, all eyes on his furious face.

Bianca, through the automatically closing banquet hall doors, saw Isabella on the table with disheveled clothes and immediately bit her lip hard.

The terrifying thought that "Michael touched Isabella" swirled in Bianca's mind. Without thinking, she turned to chase after Michael.

In the banquet hall, Isabella struggled to get off the table.

Just now, her waist was almost broken by Michael's grip.

Looking at the closed door, Isabella couldn't hold back and cursed harshly, "Michael, you bastard!"

She had pretended to be a gentle wife for him for three years, but at this moment, the unrestrained Isabella from the countryside had returned.

Back then, she married him and used the Brown Family to save the Wilson Family, which was true.

But her love for him was also true.

Otherwise, she wouldn't have humbled herself and lived a lowly life in the Brown Family for three years.

But now, with Bianca back in the country, Michael was entangled with her again, publicly disrespecting her as Mrs. Brown.

Isabella decided that she and Michael should just both lose!

Isabella limped out of the hotel, standing at the entrance, the cold night wind making her tears well up.

She took out her phone and called her uncle to pick her up.

The black limited edition Bentley arrived quickly, making a beautiful drift stop in front of Isabella.

Thomas Wilson got out and opened the passenger door, "What's going on? Why are you here alone? Where's Michael?"

"Thomas." As soon as Isabella saw Thomas, her eyes reddened involuntarily. Seeing her aggrieved look, Thomas immediately knew that Michael had bullied her again.

He was instantly furious, "Tell me, how did Michael bully you this time? I'll stand up for you!"

When Isabella insisted on marrying Michael, the whole family was against it.

Michael clearly had an engagement with Isabella, but he was entangled with the illegitimate daughter of the Taylor Family, Bianca.

A heartless man like Michael didn't deserve Isabella.

Although he was Isabella's elder, Thomas was actually not much older than her, only a few years apart.

So, since childhood, Isabella loved to act spoiled with Thomas.

Hearing that Thomas wanted to stand up for her, all her emotions surged up. She unconsciously hugged his arm, resting her head on his shoulder, and rubbed against him. "Thomas, I want to divorce Michael. Help me find a good lawyer."

Although Thomas hadn't taken over the Wilson Family's business, he had some standing in the financial world.

He ran a financial company with the best legal team in all of Eldoria.

It was said that the chief of his team had never lost a case.

Thomas naturally understood Isabella's thoughts.

Seeing her hurt to the point of wanting a divorce, he knew Michael must have done something unforgivable.

A cold glint flashed in his eyes, but his face showed only concern as he rubbed her head. "I told you from the start that Michael wasn't right for you, that you shouldn't humble yourself. Now you regret it, don't you?"

Isabella's eyes were red and misty, "I regret it so much!" She paused, then rubbed her head against his palm, "By the way, Thomas, don't let the other uncles and grandpa know about this for now. I'm afraid they'll get so angry they'll kill Michael."

It wasn't that she couldn't bear Michael's death; she just didn't want Thomas and Daniel to get into trouble because of Michael.

In her own words: He's not worth it!

Thomas nodded, "Your uncles are all out of the country right now, and Daniel's health isn't great. If he knew, he'd get sick from anger. It's better not to let them know. With your little uncle here, I won't let you suffer. But..."

Isabella knew what Thomas wanted to say, "Don't worry, I'll find a way to fulfill grandpa's wish. There are plenty of good men in the world; I don't have to be with Michael."

Perhaps because Daniel was getting older, he valued family heritage more and more, especially his only daughter Grace Wilson's child, Isabella!

Back then, shortly after Grace passed away, Indigo brought his mistress and Bianca to the house.

At that time, Isabella was young and impulsive, easily falling into their trap and almost being driven out by Indigo.

It was the Wilson Family who got the news and took Isabella back.

At that time, Daniel had already taken the family to live in seclusion in the countryside. No one knew that Daniel was once the famous Gambling King.

Later, Daniel's enemies found them, and the Wilson Family suffered a heavy blow. To protect her family, to spite Bianca and her mother Harper Clark, and to fulfill a childhood dream, Isabella took the marriage contract with the Brown Family and forced Michael to marry her.

She thought that with her intelligence, even if Michael didn't love her at first, she could work hard to make a good life and not worry Daniel.

But now, she was on the verge of divorce!

She had tried so hard to seduce Michael and have a child, mainly because she didn't want Daniel to die with regrets.

"Don't do anything rash!" Hearing her dangerous words, Thomas couldn't help but tap her forehead.

Isabella covered her head, "Don't worry, Thomas. I know what I'm doing. Even if I'm in a hurry to have a child, I won't let myself suffer."

Isabella had always been decisive since she was a child. Seeing her determination, Thomas didn't persuade her further and drove her away.

Sitting in the passenger seat, Isabella lowered her head and sent a message: [Find me a man as soon as possible, taller than Michael, more handsome, smarter, better in every way!]

Soon, a reply came: [Isabella, you're finally back? Don't worry, it's easy. I'll get it done!]

Michael returned to the Brown Family the next evening.

After Aiden's birthday party, the Brown Family usually had a small gathering.

As soon as he walked in, Aiden hit him with a cane.

"How dare you come back? Look at what you've done. Isabella was so angry she left. Why did you even come back?"

Hearing that Isabella hadn't returned, Michael's face darkened. He clutched his arm where he was hit and looked around, but couldn't find Isabella.

Michael's expression turned cold, and his voice followed suit. "She's not here. Where did she go?"

Aiden was so angry he was panting, "How dare you ask? Isabella is your wife. You don't even know where she went. What kind of husband are you?!"

###chapter 5 Isabella, You're Serious about This!

Michael really didn't know.

He had been married to Isabella for three years, and when he thought about it carefully, he seemed to know nothing about her!

Michael's mother, Stella, had a stern face. "She went out to find you last night and hasn't come back yet. Who acts like her? Married for so many years, she hasn't gotten pregnant, and now she's throwing a tantrum and not coming home! And you, you didn't even come back for your grandfather's birthday yesterday. You can't act like this out of spite. If it were something serious, it would be one thing, but it was just to celebrate Bianca's birthday. How could your grandfather not be angry? Alright, go apologize. If you really like that Bianca, wait until you divorce Isabella, then you can marry her."

Hearing Stella's words, he recalled Isabella's temper when she mentioned divorce last night.

Michael's expression turned cold. "Mom, did you mention divorce to her?"

"Of course!" Stella didn't think there was anything wrong. "She's been married for three years and hasn't had a child. What's the point of keeping her? Anyway, I don't care. I already told her last night. I'll give her two more months. If she still can't get pregnant, she can get out!"

Michael gave her a deep look. "Mom, this is between her and me. Don't interfere anymore."

With that, he walked into the house with a cold face.

Stella was stunned for a moment, then chased after him. "Michael, what do you mean by that? You..."

Before she could finish, she met Aiden's cold, stern eyes and swallowed the rest of her words.

Aiden warned Stella and then turned his gaze to Michael. "Come with me."

Michael took off his suit jacket, handed it to a nearby servant, and followed Aiden upstairs.

As soon as they entered the study, Aiden heavily leaned on his cane. "Kneel down!"

Michael stood still. "Grandpa, I'm not a boy anymore!"

Aiden held a prestigious position in the Brown Family, and no one dared to defy him.

When he disciplined the younger generation, he never held back. Michael and his brothers had all been punished by kneeling before.

Aiden couldn't help but hit him with his cane again. "You know you're an adult, yet look at the foolish things you did yesterday. Is that something a mature man would do? Isabella is your wife. You didn't even get her a bouquet for her birthday, but you bought fireworks for Bianca's birthday. Isn't that humiliating Isabella? No wonder she wants a divorce! I don't care; I only want Isabella. If you drive her away, don't come back to the Brown Family. I don't have a useless grandson like you!"

Aiden continued, "I understand Isabella. She might be asking for a divorce out of impulse. But if you don't hurry and win her back, she might really leave, and then you'll regret it!"

Michael stood straight, seemingly unfazed by the pain in his leg.

His eyes held a hint of coldness. "If Isabella leaves, she leaves. Do you think I can't find another wife?"

"I'm afraid you won't find a wife as good as Isabella!" Aiden added, "No, you definitely won't find one as good as Isabella!"

Michael didn't speak, his eyes lowered, his expression cold to the point of indifference.

Seeing him like this gave Aiden a headache. "I just don't understand. When Isabella came with the engagement token, you agreed to marry her. Didn't you like her and protect her when you were young? When she was sent to the countryside, you always wanted to find her. How come things became different now?"

Michael let out a cold laugh. "People change."

Aiden was infuriated by his words, his cane thumping loudly. "Regardless, you're married to Isabella and should be responsible for her. If you continue like this, I'll have to revoke your status as the heir! The Brown Family's company will never be handed over to someone untrustworthy!"

Hearing this, Michael's face darkened.

He looked up, his expression calm as he stared at Aiden. After a long while, he sneered. "You can announce right now that my second brother, Nolan Brown, will be the heir. Let's see if he can handle it!"

With that, he turned and walked away without looking back.

Behind him, Aiden was furious, throwing his cane at him.

It hit the closed door with a bang, making Aiden's eyes roll in anger.

He firmly believed that Michael would regret it in the future!

After leaving the study, Michael received a call from his marital home. "Mr. Brown, we just received a document. It looks like a court summons."

"A summons?" Michael squinted. "Where did the summons come from?"

The servant's voice sounded nervous. "It's a divorce summons from Mrs. Brown."

Hearing this, Michael's expression turned icy.

He hung up the phone and quickly walked downstairs.

The servants at the Brown Villa hurriedly handed him his coat, and Stella took a few steps to catch up. "Dinner is about to be served. Where are you going again?"

He wasn't there for Aiden's birthday banquet yesterday, and now he was leaving again. The family would surely be displeased with him.

Did he still want to be the heir of the Brown Family?

Michael didn't look back. "I have something urgent!"

Behind him, Stella stomped her feet in anger!

Michael drove back to his marital home and saw the name of the opposing lawyer on the summons. His eyes narrowed dangerously.

Ryan Martin, a renowned lawyer with an undefeated record, working for the top financial group, Global Financial Solutions.

It was said he only handled commercial cases and never dealt with divorces.

Michael thought, 'Why did he make an exception for Isabella's divorce case? Do they know each other beforehand? Or is he one of the people Isabella mentioned, anyone but him?'

The servant didn't dare look at Michael's face. After handing him the summons, they quickly retreated.

Michael stood alone in front of the floor-to-ceiling window in the living room, his tall and imposing figure as if wrapped in frost.

After a long while, Michael let out a cold laugh.

Then, he took out his phone and called Isabella.

He found that both his calls and WhatsApp messages were blocked.

Michael laughed coldly, his fingers gripping the phone so tightly that his knuckles turned white.

He thought, 'Fine! Isabella, you're serious about this!'

He took a deep breath and called Ryan.

On the other end, Ryan looked at the flashing phone screen and then at Thomas, who was half-hidden in the shadows across the desk. "Michael is calling."

Thomas reached out. "Give me the phone."

Ryan handed the phone over, and as soon as Thomas answered, Michael's cold, angry voice came through. "Where is Isabella? Divorce? Fine! Let her tell me herself!"

"Isabella doesn't want to see you. Mr. Brown, it would be wise to sign the divorce papers. After all, you were once married. Taking it to court won't be good for either of you."

Michael laughed. In all of Evergreen City, no one dared to sue him! "You better advise her to think it through, or else..."

Thomas's voice turned cold. "Michael, don't think Isabella has no one to back her up."

"If you want to play threats, go ahead and try!"

###chapter 6 Who is he?

The call was abruptly cut off, and Michael's face instantly darkened.

He was right after all.

Isabella was in a hurry to divorce him and dared to disappear just like that. It turned out she had already found someone to rely on.

The divorce wasn't even finalized, and she dared to openly leave with Thomas.

Thinking about how Isabella left with Thomas last night dressed like that and hadn't returned, a fire of anger ignited in Michael's chest, growing stronger by the second.

Glancing back at their marital home, Michael grabbed his coat and strode out.

He had to see for himself what Isabella was up to behind his back.

Divorce? He wouldn't agree to it. She shouldn't even think about it.

Just as he got into the car, his phone rang.

It was his friend, Ethan Martinez.

Michael pressed the answer button, his voice cold, "What is it?"

Ethan was taken aback but couldn't suppress his curiosity. "Well, I heard that last night you threw a party at the hotel to celebrate Bianca's birthday, and Isabella caught you red-handed. She was so furious that she even brought out the divorce papers. Is that true?"

Michael frowned sharply, "You called just to say this?"

Seeing that the call was about to be hung up, Ethan quickly got to the point. "Don't you want to know where Isabella is?"

"You know?" Michael's eyes narrowed.

"Not only do I know, but everyone in our circle knows."

Ethan's tone became more animated, "Last night, a young and beautiful lady was online looking for a high-quality man. Her requirements were that he had to be taller, more handsome, and younger than you-in short, better than you in every way. Think about it, who else but Isabella would dare to do something like that?"

The veins on Michael's forehead throbbed, "She really said that?"

"Absolutely. She offered fifty million dollars. Who else in Evergreen City has that kind of audacity? I heard she already found a man who met her criteria and took him to The Grand Majestic Hotel. By now, I bet the two of them are..."

Before Ethan could finish, Michael hung up the phone with a dark expression.

He floored the gas pedal and headed straight for The Grand Majestic Hotel.

Meanwhile, at the top floor of The Grand Majestic Hotel.

Isabella was suddenly embraced from behind and pressed against the large floor-to-ceiling window.

The man had just come out of the shower, water droplets still clinging to his well-defined body, eventually trickling into the towel wrapped around his waist.

Isabella turned around, stunned by the man's impressive physique. Her delicate hands caressed his strong arms.

She couldn't help but marvel.

This body, this face, compared to Michael, was so much easier to obtain.

Thinking about the cold treatment she had endured for three years in the Brown Family, Isabella felt she had been greatly wronged.

Michael wouldn't even look at her, yet she kept trying to get close to him.

Without Michael, what kind of man couldn't she find?

Why should she endure his mistreatment?

"Isabella, are you satisfied with my body?" The man took Isabella's hand and guided it over his body, his deep voice seductive.

From his chest to his abs, moving downward.

Isabella's hand felt like it was on fire. She slowly lifted it and hooked the man's chin, "Of course I'm satisfied. As long as you help me, I'll give you whatever you want."

"Really? Then let's..." The man lowered his head to kiss her lips.

A loud noise separated them, the door slammed against the wall by a heavy object.

Before Isabella could react, two rows of men in black suits rushed in, pinning the man beside her to the ground.

The man instinctively resisted, but the men in black pulled out self-defense weapons.

Seeing that someone was about to get hurt, Isabella stepped forward and coldly ordered, "What are you doing? Let him go!"

"Who dares to let him go!" A cold and commanding male voice came from the doorway. Isabella looked up to see Michael standing there with a grim expression.

Michael, dressed in a black suit, exuded an overwhelming pressure, his entire demeanor murderous.

Isabella suddenly understood. She grabbed a coat and draped it over herself, taking a few steps forward. "Michael, this is a hotel. Who allowed you to barge into my room? Let him go!"

"Let him go?" Michael's voice was icy, his gaze sweeping over the shirtless man on the floor with intense intimidation, "Dare to touch my woman, and you think I'll let him go?"

Isabella didn't want to argue with him, her words laced with sarcasm, "You should have received the divorce papers by now, Michael. Isn't it ridiculous to act like a loving couple at this point?"

Michael didn't respond.

His sharp eyes fell on her exposed legs, then scanned the bed, finally resting on her red lips, confirming nothing had happened.

Only then did he enter the room.

Michael had shares in the hotel, and knowing he was there, the hotel's managements were in a panic.

They all showed up.

Seeing the scene before them, they quickly retreated to the hallway, afraid that even one more glance would get them involved.

Michael walked up to the man pinned on the ground, his voice as cold as if it came from hell, "Where did you touch her?"

The man had heard their conversation, but the fifty million dollars Isabella offered was too much to pass up, an amount he couldn't even imagine in his lifetime.

He swallowed hard, "You two are already divorced. Whatever we do is our freedom..."

"Freedom? Let's see if your life is more important than your freedom." Michael stepped on his wrist, and with a crack, the man's face turned pale, drenched in cold sweat.

The man was in so much pain he couldn't even make a sound.

Isabella didn't expect Michael to go this crazy, "Michael, what are you doing? Who told you to hurt him?"

Before she could get close, she was scooped up and slammed into Michael's chest.

The coat she was wearing slipped off one shoulder, and Michael looked down to see her wearing only a sexy camisole, with large areas of bare skin.

His eyes darkened instantly.

Was this how she had been with that man just now?

Seeing his gaze, Isabella was furious. She raised her hand and started hitting Michael, "You lunatic, let me go!"

"And then what? Let you go find another man?" Michael easily caught her hands, his eyes narrowing with disdain and mockery, "Isabella, you want a man so badly that you'd go for someone who'd do anything for money?"

Isabella lifted her head, her cold and beautiful face defiant. "So what? At least he's clean, has a good body, a sweet mouth, and can give me what I want. Can you, Michael?"

This completely provoked Michael. He coldly glanced at the man on the floor and ordered, "Drag him out and cripple him."

The men obeyed and quickly took the man away.

"Michael, you can't hurt him. He's my man!"

She had paid for him. How could Michael just take him away?

"Your man?" Michael's entire demeanor was oppressive. He grabbed her wrist with one hand and loosened his suit with the other, turning to press Isabella onto the bed.

He lifted her chin, "Isabella, I haven't signed the divorce papers yet, and you dare to fool around with another man in front of me. Believe me, if I submit today's events to the court, you won't get a single penny, let alone a hundred million dollars!"

###chapter 7 It's Too Late to Regret Now

He sneered coldly, "Without money, do you think that man outside will still listen to you? He won't even look at you, let alone touch you."

"Michael, you bastard!" Isabella's face changed. Michael actually humiliated her like this.

"Don't forget, you were the one who cheated first. Don't slander me. The property division will be what it should be. If you shortchange me, I'll fight you to the end."

What a joke.

For the past three years, she hadn't even bought a single luxury item, and when he didn't come home at night, she even saved on groceries.

He could only dream about leaving all the money to Bianca?

Isabella said, "Also, even if I have no money, I still have enough to fight a divorce case with you. This marriage, I'm definitely ending it!"

Hearing her words, Michael's face darkened even more.

The strength in his hand involuntarily increased.

Thinking of something, he suddenly sneered, "Really? Why do I think you can't even afford the room fee now?"

Isabella's chin hurt from his grip. She glared at Michael with reddened eyes, making muffled sounds.

Looking at Isabella's defiant face, now adorned with makeup she never wore before, and her constantly twisting, graceful figure, Michael's deep eyes were filled with desire.

Isabella never wore makeup at home.

How come as soon as she mentioned divorce, she not only learned to put on makeup but also learned to wear such clothes to seduce men?

When did she change so much?

Why hadn't he noticed at all?

Taking advantage of Michael's momentary distraction, Isabella suddenly pushed him away.

She tightened her coat around her and kept her distance from him.

Before speaking, she rubbed her chin and cheeks, "Michael, are you crazy? You like Bianca. Isn't my asking for a divorce exactly what you want?"

For the past three years, he had treated her like she was invisible, and having a child with him was like asking for his life.

Now that she mentioned divorce, he was unhappy?

And he said she couldn't pay the room fee. Did he think she couldn't live without him?

Isabella completely ignored Michael behind her, snorted coldly, and walked out of the room in her high heels.

As soon as she reached the lobby, the manager stopped her. "Ms. Taylor, if you're leaving, please settle the room fee."

Then, seeing Michael following behind Isabella, the manager immediately lowered his head and respectfully greeted, "Mr. Brown."

Isabella rolled her eyes, casually pulled out a card from her bag, and handed it over.

She had booked this hotel room on a whim.

Now that Michael had come over and ruined her plans, she couldn't stay here any longer.

The manager took the card with both hands and went to the front desk to swipe it.

Michael stood behind her, his suit jacket draped over his arm, revealing the black shirt underneath.

Broad shoulders, narrow waist, long legs.

His eyes were fixed on Isabella in front of him.

Many passersby couldn't help but be deeply attracted to him.

But Isabella was completely unaware.

She just wanted to leave quickly.

The manager soon returned with the card, "Ms. Taylor, I'm sorry, but this card can't be used."

Isabella was slightly stunned. Without thinking much, she took out another card from her bag.

Still no good.

Isabella took out all the cards in her bag.

None of them worked.

All her cards were frozen.

Isabella turned around and finally looked directly at Michael, who had followed her down, "Did you do this?"

Most of the cards she had now were given by him, and the other two were from Aiden.

Now none of them worked. It must have something to do with him.

Michael didn't deny it.

He walked over to her, looking down at her, "Who said this marriage was definitely ending? Before the lawsuit starts, I freeze my own supplementary cards. Is there a problem? Or do you think I would let you use my money to support your lover outside?"

Isabella was furious.

She hadn't expected Michael, as the heir of the Brown Family and a business tycoon in Evergreen City, to use such underhanded tactics to force her to comply.

Thinking about what he had just said, she suddenly understood something.

She wanted to laugh, "Michael, do you really think using this method will make me compromise, pretend nothing happened, and obediently go home with you?"

Michael's face darkened at her words, not thinking she had any other options, "What else do you want? If you don't come back with me, where can you go?"

For the past three years, whenever she threw a tantrum, he never really argued with her, and they had gotten along until now.

Today would be no exception.

After speaking, Michael frowned slightly, "Grandpa is still waiting for us to give an explanation. Don't waste time."

There was no emotion in his eyes.

He simply saw this as a matter of restoring his male pride, not even curious about why she wanted a divorce.

Isabella knew all too well how cold and heartless Michael was.

His love wasn't with her, and it wouldn't be any different in another three years.

She found it utterly pointless, "I won't go back with you. Give it up."

Michael frowned, "What did you say?"

Isabella coldly curled her lips, "Isn't my meaning clear enough? Michael, you know how you've treated me these past three years. Now that Bianca is back, you immediately go to her. You use her to humiliate me, just to force me to divorce you, right? So now that things are going your way, you're unhappy? Do you want me to go back and continue being the unappreciated Mrs. Brown, or watch you and Bianca be lovey-dovey every day? Michael, do you find bullying me fun?"

Michael's brow furrowed tightly, and he pulled Isabella close, his voice low, "Don't play this game with me. When have I ever bullied you?"

If this wasn't bullying, then what was?

His grip wasn't light, and Isabella felt a bit of pain.

But it couldn't compare to the pain of the wound in her heart being reopened.

Michael was someone she had loved deeply.

Even though she had decided not to like him anymore, her heart's reaction couldn't lie.

She felt like she was suffocating. "You want to know? Then I'll tell you. Three years ago, on our wedding night, Bianca called, and you left without a second thought. Three years later, she returned to the country, and you abandoned me, even ignoring Grandpa's birthday party to find her. When the Taylor Family had trouble, you gave money in her name without a word. Do I need to continue?"

The person he truly cared about was Bianca, not her.

It was the same three years ago, and it hadn't changed three years later.

So, she decided to give up.

The air fell silent.

Michael's face was tense, his eyes stormy, "I didn't know marrying me made you feel so wronged, that you even investigated everything I did so clearly. But don't forget, you were the one who came to me with the marriage contract and forced me to marry you. Wasn't it all voluntary on your part?"

He thought, 'Now you regret it? Too late.'

###chapter 8 He Can Get Lost

Isabella's heart tightened, and a sour feeling spread throughout her body.

All these years, what had she been holding on for Michael?

She forcefully shook off his grip, took a step back, and a sarcastic smile appeared on her lips. "You're right, everything was voluntary on my part. So, Mr. Brown, just sign the papers. You go find your lover Bianca, and I'll find my lover. We won't hold each other back, isn't that better?"

Michael stood there quietly, his eyes deeply fixed on her, exuding an imposing aura. "You think hiring Ryan to sue me will work? I told you, as long as I want, you won't get anything from me. Do you want to be Mrs. Brown, or get divorced and end up with nothing? Think it over."

"Since we can't come to an agreement, see you in court." Isabella said no more, took out her phone, and sent a message.

Just as she was about to leave, Michael's voice came from behind.

"All your cards are frozen. Even if you walk out that door, where will you go? With one call, no hotel in Evergreen City will take you in."

Isabella, with her back to him, bit her lip. "Michael. I'd rather sleep on the streets than go home with you."

Her phone rang. She picked it up and said hello, her nose tingling at the familiar voice. "You said you were nearby, why aren't you here yet?"

"Look at the entrance."

Isabella instinctively looked up.

Thomas got out of the car, walking briskly towards her in a sharp suit. "Isabella."

Seeing Thomas, Isabella let down all her defenses, quickly stepped forward, and took his arm without a word.

Thomas patted her head reassuringly.

He asked her what was wrong.

Isabella only said that Michael had frozen her bank cards and she had nowhere to go. Thomas's face changed instantly.

He coldly looked at Michael standing not far away.

Then he took Isabella to the front desk, pulled out a card from his pocket in front of Michael.

"I'll pay for her room." Thomas was full of authority, and the manager didn't dare refuse.

Then he signed and took Isabella away without giving Michael a second glance.

Everyone was stunned.

No one expected Thomas to suddenly appear and pay for Isabella's room right in front of Michael.

They thought Thomas and Isabella must be quite close.

Michael's eyes were fixed on Isabella and Thomas's intimate posture.

His deep voice was full of pressure, "Ryan, you dare take my divorce case? You are risking your career of so many years."

Michael recongnized Thomas's voice.

It was the voice from the call he made today.

Thomas protected Isabella with his hand, his expression unchanged, and looked at Michael with a cold smile, "You talk tough, but you don't even know who I am. Michael, do you think you can fight me? I'll just assume Isabella watsed her three years on you. As long as I'm here, you won't win this case."

With that, he took Isabella and left directly.

The people in the hotel were scared, no one dared to move.

A group of men in black came out of the elevator, the leader walked up to Michael, "Mr. Brown, we've moved him out of the country as you instructed. Without your orders, he won't appear in Evergreen City again."

The car outside sped away, and Michael's face grew darker. "Find out who that person was just now, and who Isabella has been in contact with this past year. I want all the information in an hour."

"Yes, Mr. Brown."

In the car, Isabella and Thomas sat in the back seat. Thomas was both worried and angry, "You dare bring any man into the hotel? Aren't you afraid he might be a scammer?"

Thomas had been worried all the way here.

Fortunately, nothing happened, otherwise, he wouldn't know how to explain to Daniel.

Isabella knew Thomas was worried about her, so she held his arm and carefully explained, "Thomas, you misunderstood. I paid a high price to find that man. His looks and physique are top-notch, and his education and family background have been checked. The child born would definitely be smart and good-looking."

Unfortunately, Michael ruined it.

"By the way, Thomas, please save that man. He was taken away by Michael."

Michael was ruthless, something might really happen.

"Now you are worried?" Thomas squinted, "Don't worry, he wouldn't dare take a life. At most, he'll teach him a lesson and kick him out. But you, how will you face him if you push him too far?"

Isabella just sighed in relief, but was stunned by his words. "What do you mean?"

Thomas said, "Daniel has asked for you and Michael to visit him together, or he won't continue his treatment. You know his wish is to see your child before he dies. If he knows you filed for divorce, he might get furious."

Daniel was known for his bad temper.

Only Isabella, his granddaughter, could manage him. None of his sons dared to go against him.

"Grandpa is throwing a tantrum again. Thomas, why didn't you say earlier?" Thinking of the harsh words she just said, Isabella felt a wave of darkness, "The divorce papers have been sent. How can I bring Michael to see Grandpa?"

"True, I don't that the way he talk." Thomas was also angry just now and couldn't hold back. "Daniel is getting old and his health is deteriorating. The doctor said he can't take too much stress. So, I think it's better to keep the divorce from him for now."

Hearing about Daniel's condition, Isabella felt terrible.

She hadn't been able to visit Daniel because she was busy with the Brown Family's birthday party.

She could only hear his voice on the phone, not knowing he was just comforting her. "Thomas, I understand. I won't let Grandpa know about this."

Just then, her phone rang.

It was Michael's grandfather, Aiden.

Aiden was the only one in the Brown Family who truly cared for her.

Isabella would never ignore his call.

On the phone, Aiden's voice was gentle and loving, "Isabella, I know you've been wronged and are feeling sad. Come home. Don't worry, you have me."

Isabella's eyes turned red, her voice choked with tears, "Aiden."

"It's not your fault, Isabella." Aiden understood everything, "It's all Michael's fault. Don't worry, I'll always be on your side. I've already told him, if he dares divorce you, he won't get a penny of the Brown Family's inheritance. He can get lost."

Isabella paused.

No wonder Michael was making things difficult and wouldn't divorce.

It was all for himself.

She had been deluding herself.

But Aiden's support still moved Isabella deeply.

Isabella said, "Aiden, even if I'm not with Michael, I'll still consider you my family. Whenever you want to see me, I'll come."

"Why not now?" Aiden's voice was sincere, "I'm really worried about you being out there alone."

###chapter 9 Are You Looking for a Fight?

"Aiden, I'm planning to visit my grandpa now. Can I come back later?" Isabella didn't want to hurt Aiden's feelings too much, so she planned to visit when Michael wasn't around.

"Daniel?" Aiden seemed shocked, "Isabella, you didn't tell Daniel about the divorce with Michael, did you?"

"No, Aiden, can you help me keep it from him too? I don't want him to worry." Isabella knew about the close relationship between Aiden and Daniel.

They had known each other since they were young.

The marriage arrangement was made back then.

"I was just about to tell you, Daniel called me." Aiden's tone was tense, "It sounded like he heard something. He insisted I send him a photo of you two together. I told him you two went out to have fun, so he didn't press further. But I have a feeling Daniel will call again tonight. If the truth comes out, I'm really afraid he'll rush over here. Isabella, come back first, and we'll figure out how to keep it from Daniel together, okay?"

Isabella's heart tightened.

She wasn't afraid of Daniel coming to the Brown Family to find her.

She was genuinely worried about Daniel's health.

After a few seconds, Isabella finally relented, "Alright, Aiden, I'll come over in a bit."

"Okay, I'll be waiting for you at home." Aiden said.

After ending the call, Isabella asked Thomas to take her back to the Brown Family.

The car was small, and Thomas had heard everything from the phone call.

Given Daniel's condition, even he didn't dare take the risk.

He instructed the driver to turn back to the Brown Family.

When the car stopped outside the Brown Villa, Isabella asked Thomas to leave.

As soon as she entered, she heard laughter from the hall.

Led by Stella, many wealthy ladies from the circle had gathered.

Isabella immediately noticed two women sitting next to Stella.

Bianca and her mother, Harper, who used to be a mistress.

Harper was wearing a bright red dress, with heavy makeup, looking obsequiously at Stella, talking.

Stella glanced at Bianca, who immediately blushed.

As she turned, she saw Isabella coming in from outside.

Bianca's eyes flickered, and she pretended to speak unintentionally, "Stella, please don't say that. Michael married Isabella. I can't mess with Michael now."

"Why not?" Stella had no fondness for Isabella and would be the happiest if they divorced. "Michael liked you back then. If she hadn't insisted on bringing the marriage contract to Mr. Brown, I might have had a grandchild by now. I make the decisions here. Once she divorces, she won't get anything. I'll immediately go to the Taylor Family to arrange the marriage between you and Michael."

As soon as Stella finished speaking, Isabella walked past her without even a glance.

In front of so many people, Isabella didn't show her any respect.

"Stop!" Stella's face changed, and she shouted at Isabella, "You've been out all night. Where have you been messing around? Can't you see who's here? Your mother Harper and your sister Bianca are here, and you don't even notice?"

Isabella turned coldly, "My real mother is dead. It would be strange if I saw her."

"You..." Stella got pissed off.

Harper tried to mediate softly, "Mrs. Brown, please don't be angry. Isabella has always misunderstood me. I'm used to it."

"Misunderstood?" Isabella sneered, stopping in her tracks, "Come on, tell me, what misunderstanding could I have about a mistress who climbed up using her body? How dare you call yourself my mother in front of me? You don't deserve it."

In front of outsiders, Harper had to hold back her anger, "It's not like that, Isabella. We heard you and Michael were having issues and wanted to check on you. Indigo misses you too and wants you to come home."

"Which home? The Taylor Family's house that you and your daughter have taken over?"

Isabella's eyes grew colder, "Or have you forgotten how you schemed to drive me out? Now you come to act in front of me. Harper, even if you don't find it disgusting, I do."

Just five days after Grace's death, her hypocritical father Indigo brought Harper and Bianca, who was about her age, into the Taylor Family.

She was drowning in the grief of losing Grace, and Bianca and Harper seized the opportunity.

If Daniel hadn't taken her away, she might not have survived.

Later, to give Michael a good impression, she married into the Brown Family and had been avoiding any contact with them for three years.

Even when Michael secretly supported the Taylor Family, she endured it.

But now, they had come to act in front of her.

Since that was the case, she saw no need to endure any longer. "By the way, the villa you're living in now belongs to my mother. It's time for you to leave."

Hearing this, Harper and Bianca turned pale.

Sitting in the middle, Stella slammed the table, "You're too much. They are your mother and sister. Is this how you talk to them? You say Harper is a mistress, but do you know that everyone in Evergreen City knows it was Grace who cheated first? She couldn't keep Indigo, so why blame Harper?"

Stella didn't want to see Isabella anymore.

Her bright red nails pointed at Isabella a few feet away, "I shouldn't have let Michael marry you. Get out now. Someone, throw her out."

The servants and the butler exchanged glances, remaining still.

Everyone in the Brown Family knew that although Isabella wasn't favored by Michael, she was important to Aiden.

Whenever there was something good, Aiden would let Isabella choose first, even before Stella.

Finally, the butler had to step in, "Mrs. Stella Brown, Mr. Brown was just asking about Isabella. If he can't find her later, he might get angry."

Stella's face turned even uglier.

Because she didn't dare to go against Aiden either.

Bianca stepped forward, "Mrs. Stella Brown, this is how Isabellas is. Please don't be angry with her because of me and my mother. How about I apologize to Isabella and see if I can calm her down?"

Hearing this, Stella's anger flared up even more. "She doesn't deserve your apology. Does she think she can compare to you?"

Bianca smiled awkwardly and walked towards Isabella.

When she was just a step away, she whispered so only the two of them could hear, "Isabella, I really admire you. Three years of a sexless marriage, plus the whole family being harsh to you, and you still managed to hold on. But Michael loves me, not you. Staying here only makes you an eyesore."

Isabella's voice was icy, "Are you looking for a fight?"

Bianca raised an eyebrow, "I don't believe you dare to hit me in front of everyone."

Just then Bianca's head was turned to the side by a slap, and before she could react, another loud slap followed.

"Didn't you think I wouldn't dare to hit you? Want now?"

Bianca's face swelled from the slaps, and facing Isabella's imposing aura, she instinctively stepped back.

She didn't know what she bumped into, but when she looked up, she saw Michael standing right in front of her.

###chapter 10 What Explanation Do I Owe Her?

"Michael." Bianca saw Michael, and tears immediately welled up in her eyes. She looked so pitiful that anyone would think she had suffered a great injustice.

She wanted to take the opportunity to snuggle up to him, but Michael called the butler over to avoid her approach.

He casually handed over his coat.

Every move he made exuded the aura and dignity of an heir.

Isabella also turned her gaze to Michael.

Michael's deep, cold eyes lifted slightly, a chilling frost in them that sent shivers down one's spine.

The entire hall fell silent in an instant.

Everyone was waiting to see how Michael would deal with Isabella.

Only Isabella herself remained the calmest of all.

When Bianca deliberately walked over to provoke her, she had already heard the sound of a car entering the yard outside.

Those two slaps were not only something Bianca asked for but also something she specifically did for Michael to see.

Michael walked towards Isabella with a stern face.

Bianca took two steps forward without making a sound, just enough to show the slap marks on her face to Michael.

Michael frowned unconsciously.

Bianca thought he was feeling sorry for her and couldn't wait to teach Isabella a lesson.

She put on her act, wiping her tears and pleading for Isabella, "Michael, Isabella didn't mean it. She might have misunderstood me, so don't blame her."

But Michael squinted his eyes at her, "What are you doing here?"

His icy tone carried no emotion, and not only was Bianca stunned, but even the people around didn't expect Michael to say that.

After all, it was no secret within the circle that Michael liked Bianca.

Even Stella had come out to confirm it.

Logically, he should be on Bianca's side, kicking Isabella out of the house.

Bianca's face changed slightly, unsure if Michael was genuinely unwelcoming or just saying.

She then lowered her head, biting her lip, and replied, "Mrs. Brown invited my mom over, and I came along."

Michael's gaze swept across the hall, and his face darkened further when he saw Harper.

His voice grew colder, "Why did you deliberately seek her out?"

Bianca thought she had misheard, looking at Michael with even redder eyes, "Michael, it's not like that. I didn't do anything to Isabella. It was Isabella who hit me first. You saw it just now. I didn't even have a chance to fight back. It was all Isabella hitting me."

Isabella had no interest in watching their act and didn't even look at Michael.

She walked straight through the living room to Aiden's place.

Seeing that Isabella didn't even have him in her eyes, Michael's face darkened, "Isabella, who allowed you to leave?"

Isabella knew what Michael wanted to do by keeping her. It was nothing more than to back up his Bianca and make her apologize to Bianca.

He shouldn't even think about it.

She didn't come back for him; she came back to keep Aiden from being sad and to calm Daniel.

Her time wasn't meant to be wasted on these people.

Isabella left the hall without looking back.

The veins on Michael's forehead bulged, and he pursed his lips, about to chase after her. "Stop."

Seeing Michael about to chase after Isabella, Stella's face turned dark, "Come here, I have something important to tell you."

"What is it?" Feeling increasingly agitated, Michael casually unbuttoned the top two buttons of his black shirt, his Adam's apple moving up and down.

The sexy curve made Bianca, standing nearby, stare in a daze.

Stella's face was cold, "What do you mean, what is it? Are you going to let Bianca suffer this grievance for nothing? If you don't stand up for her, then I will. I'm telling you, I can't stand Isabella for another minute. If you two are going to divorce, do it quickly. Don't waste time."

""

Michael's face remained calm, but he felt a faint annoyance inside. "Whether we divorce or not is between me and her. Don't interfere."

Seeing that Michael wasn't getting to the point, Stella felt something was wrong, "So, are you planning to divorce or not? When are you going to handle it? And the news about you celebrating Bianca's birthday last night has spread in the circle. Aren't you going to give her an explanation?"

Michael's eyes darkened, "What explanation do I owe her?"

Stella thought he was deliberately provoking and smiled at Bianca, "Of course, it's about your marriage."

Michael's cold gaze fell on her, and Bianca's body trembled.

She softly called out, "Michael..."

"You should call me Mr. Brown." Michael didn't hold back his aura, and the pressure was intense even when he wasn't speaking.

Bianca's heart trembled, not daring to look directly at Michael.

Last night, she had indeed spread the news that Michael had come specifically to celebrate her birthday and had secretly sent the photos to Isabella's phone.

She hadn't mentioned anything else.

It was the people present who helped her spread the word.

She hadn't expected Isabella to actually come and make such a scene.

The rumors that spread were exactly what she wanted.

Only if Isabella and Michael divorced would she have a chance to marry into the Brown Family and become the high and mighty Mrs. Brown.

But now, she couldn't lose her image in front of Michael.

She bit her lip, tears in her eyes, and approached Michael, "Michael, are you unhappy because I came here? I really didn't mean to. If you don't want to see me, I'll leave right now."

Saying this, Bianca was about to leave.

Stella stopped her, turning to glare at Michael, "If you dare to kick Bianca out, believe me, I'll turn against you. Do you think you'd still be standing here if Bianca hadn't saved you back then?"

Thinking of the past, Michael's expression softened slightly.

Seeing this, Bianca cautiously tugged at his clothes, "Don't be angry. I know it's my fault. You should go find Isabella. She might be waiting for you. I'm fine."

She thought this would make Michael feel even more sorry for her.

But to her surprise, Michael turned around and went straight to the backyard, leaving her without hesitation to find Isabella.

Bianca's nails almost dug into her palms to keep from showing any sign of losing her composure.

Seeing this, Stella felt even more sorry for Bianca, "Bianca, I managed to keep him here, and you pushed him to Isabella. Those two slaps are for nothing now."

Bianca forced a smile, "It's okay, Mrs. Brown. As long as Michael is happy, I don't mind suffering a little."

Hearing this, Stella was even more convinced that Bianca was the wife she wanted for Michael.

Obedient and sensible, far better than that country bumpkin Isabella who didn't understand any rules.

"Bianca, trust me. As long as they divorce, I'll make sure you marry into the Brown Family and become Michael's wife."

Bianca's face remained calm, but she was extremely excited inside. "I'll listen to you."

Michael arrived at Aiden's place but didn't see him in the living room.

He walked upstairs and faintly heard Isabella and Aiden talking in the study.

He slowly approached, leaning against the outer wall of the study, not feeling that his behavior was wrong at all.

###chapter 11 The Heir's Identity Given to Isabella

In the room, Isabella was talking to Aiden, "I'm back. I'm sorry for making you worry."

Aiden felt sorry for her, "I know all about you and Michael. I know all the terrible things Michael has done. You've been wronged all these years and had to endure it for the greater good. I should be the one apologizing to you."

Isabella shook her head, not wanting to upset Aiden further, so she didn't explain more.

Seeing Isabella remain silent, Aiden felt even more distressed, "Isabella, don't worry. In this family, my word still counts. The marriage agreement was between you and Michael. No one else is either qualified or worthy."

Isabella didn't need to think to know who he referred to.

The commotion in the hall was intense; Aiden must have just heard about it.

Isabella felt a pang in her heart. Besides Daniel, only Aiden truly cared for her.

However, her divorce case with Michael was already settled.

She could only appreciate Aiden's kindness.

Just as she was about to explain, Aiden suddenly said, "Isabella, I plan to hand over the Brown Family's inheritance to you. Anyway, Michael insists on divorcing you. Our family doesn't need someone as unfaithful as him. When you take charge of the Brown Family, divorce means he gets nothing. Let's see if he still dares to divorce you."

Only Aiden knew Isabella's true identity in the entire Brown Family.

Daniel's beloved granddaughter, also a young lady of the Wilson Family, was exceptionally smart and beautiful.

If it weren't for him, Michael might not have married such a good wife as Isabella.

Yet, with Isabella by his side, Michael didn't know how to cherish her, causing her to suffer greatly in the Brown Family.

If they divorced, he would feel the most guilty.

Isabella was stunned.

She almost thought she had misheard.

Aiden wanted to hand over the entire Brown Family's inheritance to her!

Wasn't he worried she might cause chaos in the Brown Group to get back at Michael?

Aiden had so much trust in her that he was willing to give her his hard-earned business as compensation.

In contrast, that bastard Michael froze all her bank cards as soon as he heard she wanted a share of his assets.

They were both from the Brown Family, yet the difference was so stark.

But she knew this was between her and Michael.

Even if they divorced, the money should come from Michael, from his independent company assets, not Aiden's lifelong business.

Michael should be the one to pay.

"Aiden, about the inheritance..." Just as she was about to refuse, the door was suddenly pushed open from the outside.

A cold voice broke the conversation inside the room, "I disagree!"

Michael's tall figure appeared in the room, his eyes briefly glancing at Isabella's small face before walking straight to Aiden.

His words were as cold as ice, "Grandpa. How could the Brown Family's business be handed over to Isabella, especially when she's about to divorce me?"

Turning to Isabella, Michael's every word hurt her dearly, "Isabella, I underestimated you. Since you can't get money from me, you're trying to get it from Grandpa, right?"

No wonder she came back.

He thought she came back for something else, but it turned out money was more important to her than anything else.

Isabella was heartbroken.

The explanation on her lips turned into a cold smile. She now fully understood the feeling of misplaced trust.

She had been his wife for three years, yet in his eyes, she was just an outsider who only cared about money.

Aiden, hearing this, almost fainted from anger.

He swung his tightly gripped cane at Michael.

Michael didn't dodge, taking the hit head-on.

Instead, Aiden almost sprained his back, and Isabella stepped forward to support him.

Michael reached out his hand but withdrew it when he saw Isabella.

Aiden sat in the chair, pointing at Michael and cursing, "You bastard, are you trying to piss me off? Do you forget what you promised when Isabella married you? How could you say such things to her? I'm ashamed of you."

Michael's deep gaze fell on Isabella, full of confusion.

How did she manage to charm Aiden into being willing to give her the family business?

Aiden said, "Why are you staring at Isabella? Let me tell you, if you and Isabella don't have a child soon, I'll have a lawyer draft a contract to hand everything in the Brown Family over to Isabella. You were out all night last night, and today you dare to bring someone else home to upset Isabella. Do you think no one in this family can control you? I want to see who you are to Isabella without the inheritance."

Aiden's scolding, especially in front of Isabella, made Michael's face turn extremely dark.

He stood there quietly, his cold gaze fixed on Isabella, exuding a strong sense of oppression.

Seeing this, Isabella felt much better.

Having someone to back her up gave her confidence.

She could already imagine that if she took over the entire Brown Family, Michael and Stella would have to listen to her.

They would have to report everything to her without a hint of complaint or disrespect.

Just thinking about it made her feel satisfied.

This matter had been mentioned before. Aiden and Daniel, feeling they were getting old, wanted her and Michael to take over the two families' companies and create a brilliant future together.

But they didn't expect that before taking over the companies, the two would reach the point of divorce.

Seeing Isabella lower her head, lost in thought, Aiden made the decision directly. "This matter is settled. Isabella, I'm not joking. Stay at home for the next few days. Once I handle this, I'll announce your inheritance."

Isabella didn't expect Aiden to be serious.

Aiden raised his eyebrows, deliberately lowering his voice, "If you don't agree, I'll tell Michael about our agreement."

Isabella didn't want Michael to know her true identity.

In the past three years, if he had cared a bit more, he would have noticed something.

Now, as they were about to divorce, she didn't want to cause more trouble.

She just wanted to end things properly and live her own life.

But looking at Michael's changing expression and thinking about Bianca's dream of marrying into the Brown Family, Isabella suddenly wanted to laugh. Her beautiful eyes lifted slightly, looking at Michael with a clear provocation, "I'll accept it."

###chapter 12 Shouldn't I Have a Baby with You?

Michael's lips curled into a cold smile upon hearing this. He looked at her sharply, not saying a word, but exuding a deadly sense of oppression.

Isabella wasn't scared at all and met his gaze directly.

Silent sparks flew between their eyes.

Isabella's calmness made Michael's face even darker.

At this moment, Isabella's phone rang.

It was a video call from Daniel.

Daniel couldn't wait until the evening and had already called to check in.

Isabella truly believed that Daniel might have sensed something.

Aiden, who was beside her, saw who was calling at a glance.

He looked at Michael, who was still standing there, then at Isabella beside him, his eyes flickering, "Isabella, it's Daniel calling. You should answer, or he'll get suspicious again."

Isabella felt a sudden tension in her heart.

She came back today to hide her intention to divorce from Daniel with Aiden's help.

But who would have thought Michael would return at this time?

If she didn't answer now, she feared Daniel would overthink.

She had no choice but to answer the call.

As soon as the call connected, Daniel's loving face appeared on the screen. "Isabella, what are you doing? You don't even have time to answer my call?"

Feeling guilty, Isabella pointed the phone at herself and Aiden. Facing Daniel, her voice softened, "I'm with Aiden. How are you, Grandpa? I miss you."

Daniel and Aiden were both eager for them to have children. She had been so preoccupied with fighting Michael that she hadn't spoken to Daniel in a long time.

Especially since she was hiding her divorce from Daniel, she felt even more guilty.

"I miss you too. How long have you been married? You promised to bring Michael to see me, but I haven't seen either of you. Do you think I'm easy to fool?" Daniel's dissatisfaction was genuine.

Once a legendary figure who could shake the business world with a word, Daniel now had to feign anger in front of Isabella.

Grace died early, and his sons were not yet married.

He only had Isabella as his granddaughter.

He cherished her dearly, afraid she would be wronged in any way. Now that she was married, as long as she was happy, he was content.

"Daniel. Don't worry. Isabella is now married into the Brown Family. Don't think about taking her away from me." Aiden was afraid that if he wasn't careful, Isabella would be taken away.

Daniel and Aiden were old friends, a relationship only Michael was unaware of.

Besides, he never cared about anything related to Isabella.

Seeing the three of them chatting and laughing on the phone, treating him like air, Michael felt an indescribable discomfort.

He remembered that Isabella's grandfather Daniel was supposed to be farming in the countryside. How did he become so familiar with Aiden?

But one thing Michael didn't miss.

When Daniel mentioned his name earlier, Isabella deliberately changed the subject, and Aiden helped her cover it up.

Michael felt something was off.

To confirm his suspicions, he casually picked up the cane Aiden had thrown earlier and walked over to place it by the chair. "Grandpa, here's your cane."

As he spoke, he moved closer to Isabella, his slightly open collar revealing his sexy collarbone and muscular chest.

With Michael's face and body proportions, he was eye-catching anywhere.

Isabella squinted her eyes.

After three years of being with him, how could she not see that he was doing it on purpose?

If it weren't for Daniel on the other end of the phone, she would have kicked Michael away long ago.

On the other end, Daniel immediately noticed Michael's fleeting presence beside Isabella.

"Is that Michael?" Daniel's tone was surprised, as it was his first time seeing Michael in person.

Isabella's eyebrows tightened, just about to stop him from speaking, but Michael sat down right next to her.

He adjusted his posture to accommodate her, with half of his shoulder tightly against hers, as if afraid she would get tired. He held her phone higher with his hand.

They were so close that when Isabella looked down, she saw Michael's chest muscles.

Michael's unique scent overwhelmed her, and Isabella's face couldn't help but heat up.

She instinctively turned away, only to find her lips brushing against his Adam's apple.

Isabella's mind went blank.

Her flushed face turned even redder, her heart pounding wildly.

But Michael remained completely unfazed. She was sure she had touched him.

How could he be so calm?

Then again, he never had feelings for her.

He liked Bianca.

Isabella closed her eyes, suppressing the discomfort in her heart. If it weren't for the fear of Daniel overthinking, she would have pushed him away and left.

But Michael acted as if nothing had happened, leaning against her and greeting Daniel on the phone.

"Daniel, I'm Michael. Isabella often talks about you. It's my fault for not visiting you in person. How about we come see you tomorrow?"

On the other end, Daniel sat in his living room, exuding a powerful aura, his sharp and stern features far from those of a countryside farmer.

Seeing Isabella and Michael snuggled up together, Daniel couldn't be happier. "Good. If you can come, I'll be overjoyed. It's our first meeting, and I have something for you as a wedding gift."

Isabella's heart skipped a beat. Daniel was always generous, and since he mentioned a wedding gift, it was likely something valuable.

She couldn't let Michael take advantage of this. "Grandpa, it's our duty to visit you. There's no need for gifts. Please keep your things; it's too much trouble."

"We're all family. What's wrong with giving a gift? But you two need to hurry up. It's been so long, and there's still no good news. Next time I call, I want to hear that you're expecting a child."

"Alright, we'll do as you say." Michael lowered his head, giving Isabella a deep look, and agreed decisively.

Isabella's eyes widened, and she nudged him with her shoulder.

He was crazy.

What was he saying in front of Daniel?

They were already divorced. Who would have a child with him?

Isabella used quite a bit of force, but Michael didn't seem to feel any pain. Instead, he reached out to rub her shoulder, his voice low, "What, are you shy about having a child?"

Isabella's face turned bright red, not wanting to reveal anything in front of Daniel and Aiden.

She gritted her teeth and said, "Michael, take your hand off."

Michael pretended not to understand, "You bumped into me first. Shouldn't you apologize instead of being so self-righteous?"

Isabella said, "Mind what you say."

He leaned closer to her ear, "What did I say? Shouldn't I have a child with you?"

Isabella trembled all over, looking at him in disbelief, "You..."

###chapter 13 If You Want to Leave, Take That Off Too

The way the two of them were talking with their heads down clearly showed they were a loving couple.

But to Daniel, something seemed off. "Isabella, Michael is right. You've been married for three years now; it's time to have a child of your own. Or are you just wanting to play around for a few more years and deliberately not having one?"

Isabella bit her lip, feeling extremely wronged, but she couldn't say anything in front of Daniel.

If she said it was Michael who didn't want kids, Daniel's sharp mind would definitely figure out something was wrong between them.

If she said she didn't want kids, Daniel wouldn't believe it.

After all, she had willingly married Michael back then. She loved Michael so much, and it didn't make sense that they hadn't had a child in three years.

No matter what she said, it would be wrong. Isabella was so anxious that her eyes were about to turn red.

At that moment, Michael spoke up for her, "Daniel, it's not Isabella's fault. I wanted us to have some time alone first, so we didn't plan for a child early on."

"You young people are just too laid-back. It's been three years; it's time to have a child and settle down." Daniel said earnestly.

The misunderstanding was cleared up.

"I understand. We'll have a child. Just wait and see." Isabella tried her best not to let Daniel see anything amiss and quickly agreed.

As for whether it would be Michael's child, that was uncertain.

Hearing Isabella say it herself, Daniel was overjoyed, "Good, you said it. I'll be waiting for the good news."

"Yes, Grandpa, take care of your health. Don't overwork yourself. I'll come to visit you." After a few more words to appease Daniel, Isabella finally hung up the phone.

The next second, she stood up and glared at Michael, "Michael, did you do that on purpose?"

Michael's expression didn't change. He straightened his clothes and said leisurely, "What did I do? I was just chatting with you and Daniel. You didn't like it?"

Isabella was so angry she gritted her teeth, not wanting to say more. She greeted Aiden and turned to leave.

She didn't even look at Michael.

Michael wanted to follow her, but Aiden stopped him. "Where are you going?"

Michael paused, his tall figure turning around, exuding an air of mischief, "Grandpa, didn't you scold me enough just now?"

Aiden said angrily, "Let me tell you, if it weren't for Isabella's family being in trouble back then, do you think you could have married her? Three years of marriage, and you haven't even visited Isabella's relatives. Is this how you treat your wife?"

Michael's face turned cold, "That's none of your business. I have my own ways."

Aiden snorted, "You just talk. Isabella has been staying at home for you these past few years, losing her own life. And you? Playing around outside all the time, not doing anything good. By the way, go and get rid of that woman and her daughter outside. Isabella doesn't want to see them. Don't affect her mood."

Michael said nothing, his face dark.

After a moment, he looked up at Aiden and said calmly, "Isabella's grandpa, Daniel, don't you have anything to tell me about him?"

There were rumors that after Isabella left the Taylor Family, she was taken to a remote countryside, living with Daniel.

But the Daniel he just saw in the video was clearly more imposing than Aiden, with an arrogance and dominance that ordinary people couldn't possess.

It was impossible to associate him with an old farmer.

Aiden and Isabella must be hiding something from him.

Aiden wasn't afraid at all. Sitting in the chair behind the desk, he raised an eyebrow, "What do I have to say to you? That's Isabella's grandpa. You should have taken gifts to visit him. It's you fault if you don't know him?"

Michael's face darkened.

Just as he was about to leave, Aiden reminded him, "Michael, I've done everything I can for you. If you still can't keep Isabella, that's your own problem. And don't forget what you promised Isabella just now. Daniel is her closest family."

Michael frowned, "You don't need to worry. I understand."

With that, he left.

On the other side.

Isabella returned to their marital home and immediately started packing her things.

In three years of marriage, she had lived in this room alone.

She used to buy flowers and decorations to make the place look nice, hoping it would lift his spirits when he came home.

But he never cared about this place.

She got tired.

A one-sided marriage was too boring. She wanted to leave.

After packing the last item, Isabella grabbed her suitcase and was about to leave.

Suddenly a cold, bone-chilling voice sounded behind her, "Where are you going?"

Isabella turned around to see Michael standing there with a cold expression.

She calmed down, "Do I need to report to you where I'm going? Don't forget our relationship."

"If you want to leave, leave the things behind." Michael walked over step by step, his tall figure almost enveloping her.

She had changed clothes, wearing a burgundy fitted long dress that perfectly showcased her beautiful figure, with her exposed skin looking delicate.

Isabella understood his meaning and sneered, "These are my personal belongings. Why can't I take them?"

"What if there's something from the Brown Family hidden inside?"

Michael was cold and unreasonable.

Isabella's chest heaved with anger. She immediately opened the suitcase for him to see, "Fine, check it yourself. See if there's anything hidden from the Brown Family?"

Michael really came over to check.

His fingers picked up a ruby ring from the suitcase, his lips curling without a trace of emotion, "If I'm not mistaken, this was worn by Grandma when she was young."

"That was a birthday gift from Aiden. What does it have to do with the Brown Family?" Isabella tried to snatch it back, but she wasn't tall enough. Michael raised his hand slightly, and she almost fell onto him.

She had wanted to keep it as a memento, but ifhe wanted it, he could have it.

"Not just the ring. The clothes you're wearing, the jewelry, the branded bags in the closet, all bought with money from my card. Do you think you can take them without my permission?"

Isabella saw through Michael.

She could only see his true colors when it came to divorce.

He even wanted to count the money spent on clothes?

Biting her lip, Isabella decided to leave the suitcase behind, "Since it's all the Brown Family's money, I don't want it anymore."

Isabella pushed Michael aside and was about to leave, but he grabbed her wrist tightly, his eyes darkening, "If you want to leave, take off the clothes you're wearing too!"

Isabella couldn't believe what she was hearing.

Michael meant that if she wanted to leave, she could only do so naked.

"Michael, say that again!" Isabella's face turned pale with anger. Both of them were furious, and neither was willing to back down.

Neither was willing to be the one to lower their head.

Bianca was just downstairs. He was deliberately trying to embarrass her.

This wasn't just making things difficult for her; it was a complete humiliation.

###chapter 14 What is your relationship with that man named Thomas?

He chased her from Aiden's place to the bedroom. Wasn't he just trying to stand up for Bianca?

Just because she slapped Bianca twice, he felt so bad that he wanted to get back at her.

If he liked Bianca so much, why did he agree to marry Isabella in the first place?

Isabella's eyes turned cold, her face indifferent. "If I take off my clothes, will you let me go?"

Michael's face instantly darkened at her words.

He was betting that Isabella wouldn't really go through with it.

His jaw tightened. "Isn't taking off your clothes easy for you? Every night I came over, weren't you seducing me like this?"

Isabella released her tightly bitten lips. "Fine, let go of me, and I'll take them off!"

Michael's eyes flickered, and he stared at Isabella's expression as if trying to see through her.

He let her go.

He knew how strong her pride was. With Harper and Bianca downstairs, she couldn't possibly walk out like this.

But the next second, Isabella tore off her long dress right in front of him.

The zipper broke.

From top to bottom, her body was exposed to him almost instantly.

Her breasts, tightly wrapped in a bra, bounced with her violent movements.

Below was a pair of lace-trimmed panties, matching her smooth, slender legs.

From Michael's angle, he could even see her buttocks, perky and eye-catching.

Isabella's face turned pale; she could see Michael's gaze.

But the little fabric left on her was her last line of defense; she couldn't take off any more.

"Enough? It's all yours!" She threw the dress into Michael's arms, turned around, and started to walk out barefoot.

Her sweet scent hit his nose as Isabella was about to walk out the door like this.

Michael was going crazy.

She really dared.

His face darkened, and he strode forward, grabbing her just as she was about to open the door, pinning her against the wall. "You don't even care about your dignity?"

His hot breath fell on her, as if it would burn a hole in her.

Isabella struggled in his arms. "Michael, get off me. Don't forget what you just promised me. I've taken off my clothes. What more do you want?"

The more she struggled, the tighter his hand gripped her waist.

Isabella couldn't break free and was furious. "Do you want me to take off these two pieces of underwear too? Would that make you happy? Michael, after three years of marriage, I didn't expect you to be such a bastard."

Michael's face was far from pleasant. She was almost completely exposed, rubbing against him, as if he had extraordinary self-control.

He pushed Isabella away slightly and picked a long coat from the scattered clothes to cover her. "If you want to leave, I won't stop you. But think it through. Once you leave the Brown Family, everything Grandpa said to you will be null and void."

Isabella clutched the coat tightly, her face flushed with anger. "That was Aidenn's gift to me. What right do you have to make decisions for him? I am determined to get the Brown Family's property."

Michael's face turned cold as he stood there, staring at her. "If you want the Brown Family's money, fine. Continue being my wife, and don't ever think about leaving me."

"Impossible!" Isabella raised her head like an unyielding swan.

Michael squinted his eyes, his tone cold. "Then don't think about taking any money from me."

Isabella wanted to take his money to support another man. She shouldn't even think about it.

Isabella zipped up the coat. "Then see you in divorce court. Let's see whose legal team is better."

She trusted Thomas's people.

Mentioning the legal team, Michael's eyes changed, and a fire of anger ignited in his chest.

He took two steps forward, cornering her. "Tell me, what's your relationship with that man named Thomas?"

Isabella was startled but quickly realized.

With Michael's abilities, it was impossible for him not to investigate Thomas.

Unfortunately, no matter how hard he tried, he wouldn't find anything.

Looking at the furious Michael in front of her, Isabella curled her lips and sneered. "What does it have to do with you?"

Michael grabbed her chin, forcing her to look at him. "He flew over to fight a divorce case for you. Are you saying there's nothing between you two? Or have you already slept with him?"

"Michael, you bastard." Isabella was emotional, trying to push him away, but Michael didn't budge.

Instead, he grabbed her waist, trying to pull her into his arms.

Isabella didn't give him the chance.

She stomped hard on his foot.

She was wearing high heels.

The pain was unimaginable.

Michael's face changed instantly.

Isabella didn't care about him, grabbed her things, and quickly left.

Michael actually slandered her.

He entangled with Bianca, and now he dared to bully her.

She was determined to end this marriage.

Isabella didn't care about Michael anymore.

Meanwhile, in the living room downstairs.

Harper and Bianca hadn't left yet and were chatting with Stella.

Bianca kept her head down, answering everything, making Stella like her even more.

She held Bianca's hand, sighing that Michael had chosen the wrong person. If Bianca had married Michael, it would have been a hundred times better than Isabella, who never pleased her.

Maybe she would have had a grandchild by now.

When Isabella came downstairs in a coat, she was immediately seen by Bianca and her stepmother, Harper.

Harper immediately noticed something was wrong with Isabella.

Isabella's face was flushed, her hair slightly messy, and there was a hint of charm in her eyes...

They probably weren't arguing upstairs but doing something more suggestive.

Pretending not to notice, Harper deliberately spoke up to draw attention. "Isabella. Why are your eyes red? Did you just have a fight with Michael?"

Harper pretended to be concerned but was actually trying to make things worse.

Isabella couldn't be bothered with Harper and didn't even look at her.

But Harper wouldn't let it go. "It's okay if you had a fight. Aren't you divorcing Michael? Do you have anywhere to go? Do you want to come home with us?"

When Isabella was kicked out of the Taylor Family, she was only a teenager. For so many years, Indigo never said a word about letting her come back. Isabella was just an unwanted orphan. What was she so proud of?

Bianca was the one who was pampered and raised as the Taylor Family's young lady.

Bianca was the one who deserved such wealth and luxury.

Why should all the good things go to Isabella?

Harper clung to her, and Isabella coldly watched her act.

Seeing Isabella not responding, Harper became more smug, thinking she was really kicked out by Michael. "There aren't many rooms at home, but we can have the maid prepare one. It's better than you going back to the countryside. But the room you used to stay in has been taken by Bianca. You are her sister. You wouldn't mind, right?"

###chapter 15 Initiating Trouble

Harper just wanted Isabella to know that now the Taylor Family was under her control.

There was no place for Isabella anymore.

Harper humiliated her in public over the house, and Isabella wished she could tear off Harper's hypocritical face.

But she restrained herself.

Harper was waiting for her to make a move and cause a scene.

Isabella carried her suitcase and walked down the stairs step by step, standing coldly in front of Harper. "Are you getting too old and losing your mind? I said that house belongs to my mother, Grace. In a few days, I will personally take it back, and if anything my mom left is missing, I will make you pay a hundredfold."

Previously, her attention was all on Michael.

She didn't want Daniel to hear anything that would cause him distress, so she rarely inquired about the Taylor Family.

But now, Harper had provoked her.

She had no reason to endure it any longer.

Hearing Isabella mention the house again, Bianca quickly came over to pull Harper away.

She pretended to mediate but actually fanned the flames, "Mom, Isabella has been in a bad mood lately, so don't push her anymore. If Isabella really wants to come home, I can give up my room for her."

Isabella sneered, her gaze falling on Bianca'sswollen face, her voice cold and oppressive, "What, those two slaps earlier weren't enough to teach you a lesson, and you still dare to talk nonsense in front of me."

Bianca's face turned pale, and she put on a pitiful look in front of others, "Isabella, I didn't."

Isabella was tired of their act, "Bianca, don't get too complacent. Even if I divorce Michael, you'll never be Mrs. Brown."

"You, what do you mean by that?" Bianca panicked and grabbed Isabella, who was about to leave.

It was then that Bianca noticed that under Isabella's coat, she was only wearing lingerie, revealing a patch of bare skin, and there was an unintentional allure in Isabella's eyes.

Michael was still upstairs and hadn't come down.

What had they just done?

Bianca connected the dots, her face tightening. She couldn't believe it

Seeing Bianca's expression, Isabella understood immediately. She lowered her head and retaliated harshly, "Even if Michael treats you differently, so what? You two will never be together openly. Don't even think about it in this lifetime."

"What are you going to do?" A vicious look flashing in Biance's eyes as she tried to tear off Isabella's clothes in public.

Isabella had already seen through her and yanked her clothes back, throwing Bianca aside. "You want to know what I'm going to do? Just wait and see."

With that, Isabella grabbed her luggage and left without a moment's hesitation.

Her high heels and black coat made her more eye-catching.

Stella, seeing Isabella finally leave, felt a weight lifted off her shoulders and went to pull the stunned Bianca. "She's just a lunatic. Why bother with her? She's been married to Michael for three years and hasn't had a child. I've never liked her. But Bianca, you're different. You're the one I see as Michael's wife. Michael likes you too. Maybe he'll propose to you soon."

Bianca was a bit dazed, and Harper quickly chimed in, "Yes, Bianca, with Mrs. Brown backing you, what are you afraid of? Michael hasn't come down yet, probably because he's upset. He listens to you the most. You should go check on him."

Harper gave Bianca a look as she spoke.

Bianca snapped back to reality. Isabella's demeanor earlier didn't seem like nothing had happened.

She wanted to know if Michael had really slept with Isabella. "Mrs. Brown..."

"Alright, I understand. Go ahead. I won't let anyone disturb you."

With permission, Bianca quickly went upstairs.

Michael and Isabella's bedroom was easy to recognize; it was the only door on the second floor with a different color.

Bianca carefully knocked on the door, about to call out, when Michael's deep, irritable voice came through. "Get out!"

Bianca trembled but couldn't bear to leave. "Michael, it's me. Isabella has already left. I know you're upset right now. Can I come in and see you?"

Her voice was soft and pleading.

However, Michael inside didn't respond to her. He got up and walked to the window, seeing Isabella leaving decisively with her things through the floor-to-ceiling window.

Michael's eyes grew darker.

When Isabella decisively took off her clothes, he had no doubt she was determined to leave.

Outside, not getting a response, Bianca carefully turned the doorknob, finding it unlocked, and slipped inside.

The room was a mess.

Isabella's clothes, jewelry, and some small trinkets were scattered everywhere.

Michael was tall, standing by the window, and Bianca couldn't see his expression, only his broad, stern back.

Just standing there, he was like a king looking down on his kindom.

Bianca was infatuated with his noble and aloof demeanor.

She was willing to do anything to marry him.

She instinctively wanted to get closer to Michael, but as soon as she took a step, Michael's gaze swept over.

There was no emotion in his eyes, but he exuded an aura of dominance that ignored everything.

It made the air around them feel thin.

He spoke coldly, as if addressing someone insignificant, "I didn't let you in. Get out."

Bianca froze, biting her lip hard.

She thought that after the argument earlier, Michael would be extremely annoyed with Isabella. Why could Isabella still easily affect his emotions even after leaving?

And the white dress on the bed was the one Isabella was wearing when she came back.

She had changed her clothes in front of Michael, stripping down to her lingerie.

Bianca wished she could be the one doing all that.

To stand by Michael's side, letting everyone know she was his wife.

But Bianca also knew Michael's coldness and boundaries. She could make small mistakes, but she couldn't cross his line.

She couldn't panic. As long as they divorced, the position of Mrs. Brown would be hers.

Thinking this, she softened her tone, trembling slightly, "Michael, if you don't like it, I won't bother you. But if you need someone to talk to, I'll always be here."

Michael turned around without saying a word.

Bianca bit her lip, knowing that staying any longer wouldn't help, so she left.

As soon as the door closed, Michael's phone rang.

Ethan called to ask about the situation, "Michael, how's it going? Did you really catch someone?"

Michael, frustrated by Isabella's departure, didn't want to deal with it, "Mind your own business."

Just as he was about to hang up, Ethan stopped him, "Why are you in such a hurry to hang up? I know you're upset right now. What's the point of staying home? How about come out for a drink?"

Michael stared at the white dress on the bed, his eyes deep, "Where?"

"The Velvet Lounge."

###chapter 16 How Could She Be Here?

Meanwhile, Isabella got into the car and was about to contact her people when she suddenly received a call.

It was her friend, Olivia Smith.

When she was brought back to the countryside by Daniel, she met Olivia, who was there for a summer retreat. They were of similar age and shared common interests, quickly becoming good friends.

Later, she married Michael with the marriage contract, while Olivia entered the entertainment industry and became a popular star.

Although they hadn't seen each other much over the years due to various reasons, their relationship hadn't grown distant.

Olivia knew a bit about her situation.

As soon as she answered the call, Olivia's angry voice came through. "Isabella, I heard about what happened last night. How dare Michael treat you like that? He doesn't even deserve you. It's outrageous."

Isabella was about to speak, but Olivia couldn't hold back and started cursing Michael.

"No way, the more I think about it, the angrier I get. The Brown Family thinks they can do whatever they want just because they're rich. Michael cheats on you and doesn't let you see other man? Who does he think he is? If he doesn't allow it, we'll do it just to spite him!"

Isabella was taken aback.

Was it really necessary to get back at Michael like this?

However, hearing Olivia's rant, Isabella's anger towards Michael dissipated quite a bit.

After saying all this, Olivia realized Isabella hadn't said anything yet and quickly asked, "Isabella, where are you? I've pushed back all my schedules. Tonight, leave everything to me. I guarantee you'll be satisfied."

"What will satisfy me?" Isabella finally got a word in.

"Of course, celebrating you getting out of that awful Brown Family. Being single has its perks. Tonight, I'll have a dozen different male models to keep you company. You'll forget all about Michael and be surrounded by young, handsome men. Nine o'clock, The Velvet Lounge. See you there."

Olivia hung up the phone.

Isabella held her phone, a look of helplessness in her eyes.

Olivia's temper hadn't changed a bit. If she didn't show up, Olivia would probably be at her doorstep first thing in the morning.

But the feeling of not being restricted was indeed liberating.

She no longer had to stay in that empty house waiting for Michael to come back.

Nor did she have to hope every day that he would like her a little more.

Indeed, the people one liked when young would change as one grew up.

It was time for her to let go.

At night, The Velvet Lounge.

The most famous entertainment venue in Evergreen City, and the highest-end bar and entertainment private club in the city.

Entry required a reservation.

Olivia's family had been in business for generations, with industries all over the country. Getting in here was a piece of cake for her.

The hall was bustling with activity. Olivia was wearing a black haute couture dress, just above the knee, with an open-back design.

The top was adorned with ribbons shaped like gardenias.

Seductive yet pure.

Perhaps it was her aura that attracted people; many were gathered around Olivia, listening to her praise her private designer.

Olivia held a wine glass, her face already flushed, but she continued speaking, "I'm not lying to you. My friend is incredibly talented. She knows so much. The starry sky dress I wore when I debuted was designed by her, and the famous burgundy mermaid dress that everyone loved was also her creation. You don't come across such a genius every day."

Olivia hiccuped, "When she gets here, you all better treat her well. She was recently deceived and bullied by a bad man. Don't say I told you, okay?"

Olivia's fashion sense was famously good in the entertainment industry.

Those two dresses that were all the rage brought her a lot of attention. Many people had asked her where she, a newcomer, had borrowed such high-end dresses from and which famous designer had created them.

Olivia proudly told reporters, "These were exclusively designed by my friend. There's only one in the world. Why would I need to borrow?"

It turned out to be true.

"My friend is here." Olivia spotted Isabella at the entrance.

Isabella's height was not short for a woman. Tonight, she wore a red long dress, with a cinched waistline that perfectly showcased her figure.

The off-shoulder design exposed her delicate skin under the flickering lights. As she walked, her slender legs peeked out from under the dress.

She exuded a noble and cool aura that made people hesitant to look directly at her.

With such a perfect figure and appearance, even in the entertainment industry full of beauties, few could compare to Isabella.

Most importantly, Isabella no longer had to disguise herself.

Miss Wilson from the Wilson Family, Isabella, returned to the public eye.

Isabella walked straight towards Olivia, who was waving her hand. People around were captivated by her stunning face.

They had wanted to meet Olivia's private designer out of curiosity.

They didn't expect Isabella to be such a sexy beauty.

After not seeing each other for a long time, Olivia ran over and hugged Isabella. The two of them held hands and sat in the center.

Olivia introduced Isabella to the people around her. A group of seasoned socialites, seeing such a beauty as Isabella, naturally became very enthusiastic.

During this time, Olivia called over a few young men with good physiques and sweet tongues to drink and play cards with Isabella.

Isabella didn't refuse and played a round with them.

Little did she know, in a VIP room upstairs, Michael and Ethan were drinking.

Upon hearing that Michael was at The Velvet Lounge drinking, Bianca rushed over with her friends without a moment's delay.

Since last night, she was now widely recognized as Michael's unrequited first love.

She hadn't succeeded last night, and she couldn't miss this opportunity tonight.

Drunk men often lost control of their desires. As long as she appeared in front of him, everything would fall into place.

So before coming here, she gritted her teeth and spent a fortune on a custom-made dress. The white tulle dress subtly revealed her figure, and she wore light makeup.

Both sexy and pure.

Men loved this kind of look the most. Tonight, she was determined to succeed.

"Bianca, wait a minute. Look over there. Isn't that your sister Isabella?"

Bianca followed the pointing finger and her face changed.

Why was she here?

"Look at the person next to her. Isn't that the popular star Olivia? How are they sitting together? Bianca, didn't you say Isabella was a lowly person who had been in the countryside for over a decade?"

Bianca forced a smile, "Maybe Isabella saw Olivia and went up to ask for a photo? You know she's just a bumpkin. It's normal for her to get excited when she sees a celebrity."

###chapter 17 Isabella and Bianca Got into a Fight

"She really hasn't seen much of the world. She actually went over to drink with people just for a photo, completely disgracing the Brown Family."

"You forgot, Mr. Brown already disowned her. She's been kicked out."

"From now on, Bianca will be Mrs. Brown of the Brown Family. Haven't you seen how much Mr. Brown cares about her?"

Since last night, many people thought Michael and Isabella's divorce was all for Bianca.

It was only a matter of time before Bianca marries into the Brown Family.

Given the Brown Family's status in Evergreen City, many people suddenly started flattering Bianca.

To curry favor with Bianca, a few of her friends deliberately walked in Isabella's direction.

Bianca stood aside, watching the show.

"Who do we have here, drinking with men? Oh, it's Mr. Brown's ex-wife who got kicked out?"

"What, Mr. Brown didn't want to have kids with you, so you're planning to find some random guy?"

Bianca's people deliberately provoked.

Isabella and her group, who were having a good time, stopped what they were doing upon hearing this.

No one would be happy having their mood ruined for no reason.

"The Velvet Lounge is really going downhill, letting in people with such poor taste. Aren't they afraid of lowering the place's standards?"

Olivia glanced over coldly, not taking these people seriously at all.

"Olivia, I don't think you know who you're sitting with. Isabella used underhanded means to get the Brown Family's fortune, and now that her true colors have been revealed, she's been kicked out."

"She's a bad woman. You'd better stay away from her, or she'll ruin your career."

The group spoke sarcastically.

"Seeing you guys is the worst luck of the day. Isabella, don't hold me back. I'm going to teach these people a lesson today." Olivia couldn't take it anymore and slapped one of them. "You should all sew your mouth shut and don't badmouth others. Do you even know who I am?"

Though Olivia was a movie star, she worked out a lot and had toned arms and abs.

With one slap from Olivia, one person fell directly onto the nearby sofa.

"Someone help! The big star Olivia is hitting people!" Those who hadn't been slapped started shouting.

"Hitting people? I'm not just going to hit people today; I'm going to enjoy it. Come on, hit them hard. I'll take responsibility for whatever happens!"

At Olivia's command, half of the people around her rushed over.

They knew Olivia's background well. As long as nothing major happened, they could gain a lot from a few hits.

They might even earn a favor.

The two groups fought fiercely, pulling hair and tearing clothes, creating a chaotic scene.

Taking advantage of the chaos, Isabella joined in.

After all, Olivia had started the fight for her, and she couldn't let her take the blame alone.

Since it was inside a night club, many people came out to watch the commotion.

Although late-night fights were common, it was the first time a brawl had broken out in a high-end club like The Velvet Lounge.

The Velvet Lounge had a powerful background, and ordinary people wouldn't dare cause trouble there.

Ethan had planned to get some information from Michael, but Michael wasn't falling for it, just drinking silently and ignoring him.

Bored, Ethan went out for some fresh air.

Hearing that the popular star Olivia was fighting with others in the hall, Ethan immediately went to watch the excitement.

In less than five minutes, Ethan returned to the private room with a strange expression.

He shook the nearly drunk Michael awake, "Stop drinking. Isabella and Bianca are fighting!"

The information was too much for Michael, who frowned deeply. "Ethan, what are you talking about?"

"I saw it with my own eyes. Isabella and your girlfriend Bianca are among those fighting downstairs. Come on, let's go!" Ethan was anxious and pulled Michael off the sofa.

At this moment, in the hall.

The club staff had already stopped the fight, and many of Bianca's side were injured.

Most of them were women, with scratches on their faces and necks.

Some even had their wigs pulled off.

As the victors, Isabella and Olivia had almost no marks on them.

But Bianca, who had planned to watch from the sidelines, was the most visibly injured.

Not only was Bianca's face swollen, but her sexy white dress was also stained with red wine.

Red and white patches made her look terrible.

"You crazy women, how dare you hit me? I'm calling the police and sending you all to jail." One of the girls, looking at the marks on her face, cried and took out her phone to retaliate against Isabella and Olivia.

"Go ahead, call them." Olivia raised an eyebrow, feeling great after venting her anger.

Bianca was also furious, but she was glad someone was standing up to Isabella for her. She had hoped to see Isabella humiliated in front of everyone.

Suddenly, a tall figure descended the stairs from the second floor, walking straight towards them with a cold expression.

Bianca swallowed her words.

Michael had arrived.

Seeing Isabella bully her like this, he would surely avenge her.

As Michael approached, Bianca's eyes filled with tears, her body trembling slightly, waiting for Michael's rescue.

"Isabella, there's a limit to your nonsense!" Michael said coldly, and his imposing figure approached, exuding a strong sense of oppression.

Seeing Michael, everyone knew they couldn't afford to provoke him and retreated silently.

No one in Evergreen City didn't know who Michael was.

Not only was he the heir to the Brown Family, but he had also established his own business empire, making him an unattainable figure.

Seeing Michael personally intervene, Bianca's injured friends immediately felt emboldened, expecting Isabella to be scolded.

Before Isabella could speak, Bianca started crying, "Michael, thank goodness you're here, or Isabella would have killed me. I didn't say anything, but Isabella wouldn't let me go. Look at my body and face; it's all her doing."

Bianca cried even harder, trembling pitifully, desperately needing comfort.

If it weren't for her swollen face making people uncomfortable.

Michael glanced at Bianca's face, his indifferent gaze quickly shifting to Isabella and the group of male models behind her.

He hadn't even agreed to the divorce yet, and she couldn't wait to find another man?

Seeing Isabella in that sexy red dress with her perfectly made-up face, Michael felt extremely irritated.

As soon as she left him, she completely changed, eager to show off her good figure to everyone.

###chapter 18 He Protects Bianca

Michael felt a sudden surge of anger.

Michael's eyes were cold and deep. "Who gave you the guts to gather here and fight, injuring Bianca? What do you take the Brown Family's dignity for?"

Seeing that Michael was protecting her, Bianca cried and fell into Michael's arms.

Not only did Michael not refuse, but he also reached out and held Bianca.

He looked extremely distressed for Bianca.

Isabella's face was expressionless. She had already decided to divorce Michael, and she wouldn't be affected by whoever he was with.

She stepped forward, met his gaze, and spoke calmly, "You're wrong. The Brown Family's dignity was lost the moment you abandoned Grandpa's birthday party for her. Do you not feel shameless blaming me now?"

Isabella's tone was light, her gaze meeting Michael's without any retreat.

Everyone knew that normally, no one at the company dared to look Michael in the eye.

Isabella wasn't afraid of him at all.

She even confronted him face to face.

Everyone around couldn't help but gasp.

Olivia was almost furious watching this. She reached out and tugged Isabella's hand.

Olivia knew how much Isabella liked Michael, but Michael had trampled on Isabella's dignity for Bianca, protecting that shameless Bianca in front of Isabella.

Isabella must be feeling so hurt right now.

Isabella knew Olivia was feeling sorry for her and gave her a look, signaling her not to interfere.

This was between her and Michael. Others could help temporarily, but not forever. Everything depended on her.

Michael saw through her thoughts, a shadow passing over his eyes. "Since you know her place in my heart, you shouldn't have hurt her."

"So, you want to hit me back for her?" Isabella looked at him quietly.

She wanted to see how far he would go to favor Bianca.

Michael smirked, his eyes downcast, not looking at her. "I don't hit women. Since you started it, I'll leave it to the police to handle."

Since she was determined to leave him and the Brown Family, he would let her taste what it was like to be unprotected.

After suffering, she would come back begging him.

Hearing about the police, the girl who had called them earlier stepped out. "Mr. Brown, leave this to me. I already called. My brother is the captain there. I'll make sure she goes in and doesn't come out."

The speaker was Layla Scott from the Scott Family.

The Scott Family needed the Brown Family in business, so she naturally wanted to impress Michael.

If she could help her family, it would be a great achievement.

Michael neither agreed nor refused.

Everyone assumed he had tacitly agreed.

The next second, Michael suddenly bent down and picked up Bianca, walking towards the door.

Everyone was stunned, and some even whistled.

Bianca took the opportunity to cast a triumphant glance at Isabella.

Everyone knew what that meant.

When they looked at Isabella, their eyes were full of mockery.

Only Isabella herself didn't care about it at all. She turned to her friends and said, "The disgusting people are gone. We can continue having fun."

Everyone thought Isabella had really moved on, but only she knew how much it hurt to see Michael's distressed look when he picked up Bianca.

She had warned herself not to think about him anymore when she walked out of the Brown Family's door.

But when he spoke up to send her to the police for Bianca, she couldn't help but feel heartbroken.

Olivia came over, her face full of concern and worry. "Isabella, are you really okay?"

How could Michael be so bad? Isabella was such a good wife, yet he ignored her and treated Bianca like a treasure.

Was Michael blind?

If she wasn't afraid of upsetting Isabella, she would have gone up and punched Michael.

Isabella shook her head and smiled indifferently. "I'm fine. If he likes a woman like Bianca, it's his problem. Why should I waste my life on him? Didn't you find me so many male models? I haven't even finished picking!"

"You still have the mood to look for male models? I think you should think about how to avoid getting beaten up in jail. Mr. Brown just said he wouldn't let you go for hitting Bianca." With Michael as her backing, Layla now saw Isabella as an abandoned woman.

She could bully Isabella as much as she wanted.

As she finished speaking, the piercing sound of police sirens came from outside The Velvet Lounge.

Seeing this, Isabella laughed.

She stood there, not a trace of fear on her face, instead squinting at Layla, the woman who had called the police on her. "You're the first one who dare to arrest me."

Layla sneered, "So what if I arrest you? I'll not only send you to jail but also make sure you suffer. Of all people, you had to mess with Bianca, Mr. Brown's favorite. Do you think a country bumpkin like you can touch her?"

In Evergreen City, Michael's word could make someone disappear.

Isabella was courting death by angering Michael.

"Fine, remember what you said now. I hope you can still say the same when we meet again."

As soon as Isabella finished speaking, two uniformed officers walked in quickly. "Who called the police?"

Layla hurried over, explained the situation, and then pointed at Isabella.

Isabella didn't explain anything. She walked over and said to the officers, "I hit her. Let's go. I'll cooperate."

"Isabella, don't make a fuss this late." Olivia gave her a look.

She wasn't worried about Isabella but about the chaos that would ensue once these people found out Isabella's true identity.

The whole police station would be in an uproar.

Isabella was in a bad mood now, and she wanted to spend more time with her.

But Isabella waved her hand, "It's fine. Let some people have their wish. I'll handle this. You stay and continue having fun. Don't waste the men you hired. I'll be back soon."

Seeing Isabella insist on going, Olivia felt even more sorry for her.

She understood why Isabella was so determined. Michael had embarrassed her in front of everyone and threatened her with the police.

Even though she could settle this with a word, Michael wanted to intervene.

So she had to go to the police station.

But now she was worried about Layla's intelligence.

Layla also heard their conversation and sneered, "Back soon? Do you think the police station is your living room, where you can come and go as you please?"

She had already informed her brother, Mason Scott. Once Isabella was in, she would make sure she suffered.

Isabella said nothing, got into the car, and went to the police station with the officers.

Layla, using her privilege, drove ahead.

###chapter 19 Unless You Beg Him

When they arrived at the police station, Isabella was placed in solitary confinement.

Layla, with her freshly treated face, stood outside the door, chin held high in arrogance. "Scared now, aren't you? Weren't you just boasting that you'd be fine even if you got caught? Where's your bravado now? Show me what you've got!"

The person who hit her was Olivia.

But Olivia's status was untouchable, while Isabella was just a country girl kicked out by the Brown Family.

She could do whatever she wanted to Isabella.

Isabella sat straight, eyes closed, resting.

She hadn't had a moment's peace since morning and now felt utterly exhausted.

Seeing Isabella completely ignore her, Layla's face twisted in mockery. "You're still pretending? Do you think Mr. Brown will come here for you? Dream on. He likes Bianca. He's probably comforting her at a hotel right now. But if you kneel before me and slap yourself, maybe I'll put in a good word for you. How about it?"

Using her connections, Layla deliberately humiliated Isabella.

Isabella slowly opened her eyes at the words. She wore a black coat, exuding a natural aura of authority and laziness. "I don't need a reason to hit you. If you think I'll kneel before you, you're dreaming."

"You..." Layla couldn't stand Isabella's haughty demeanor, especially since she was just a country girl.

It made her very uncomfortable.

She took out her phone and started recording Isabella through the glass window, a cold smirk on her lips. "You think you're safe because you haven't divorced Mr. Brown yet? If I post a video of you being detained online, do you think the Brown Family will still want you?"

Isabella shot her a cold glance. "I advise you not to ask for trouble."

"Scared now?" Seeing Isabella's change in expression, Layla became even more smug. "You dare threaten me? Do you know where you are? This is my brother Mason's territory. You could be locked up for years!"

Layla paused, bringing the phone closer to Isabella. "And this video, I'll make sure everyone knows you're just a woman who got into Mr. Brown's bed through manipulation, only to be thrown out like trash. You were just a nanny for the Brown Family for a few years, and you think you're Mrs. Brown? A country girl will always be a country girl."

"You better be ready to face the consequences." Isabella was truly angry now.

She was planning to divorce Michael.

But her status and public image were not something anyone could tarnish.

Isabella's icy gaze made Layla shiver.

She quickly dismissed the thought, thinking it was impossible. Isabella was just a country girl; how could she have such an authoritative presence?

Feeling embarrassed, Layla's face turned red.

She had someone open the door and asked Mason for two burly men to come in.

She couldn't retaliate against Olivia, but if Isabella wanted to take all the blame, she'd make sure she paid a thousandfold.

The two men pinned Isabella to the chair.

Layla glared and slapped her hard.

The sound echoed in the quiet room.

Isabella didn't resist, just smirked coldly.

She wanted to see how clueless Layla could be.

The sharp pain reminded Isabella of the fight at The Velvet Lounge earlier.

To help Olivia, she hadn't come out unscathed, but Michael hadn't even spared her a glance when he arrived.

He didn't ask if she was hurt but blamed her for tarnishing the Brown Family's and his dignity.

He turned and left with Bianca in his arms.

She had never held a place in his heart.

He only loved Bianca.

Meanwhile, at The Velvet Lounge, Olivia had dispersed the crowd and paid to keep the incident quiet after Isabella left.

Although Isabella had told her not to interfere, she couldn't just sit still.

Isabella was clearly agitated by Michael.

Otherwise, she wouldn't have gone with the police.

The emotions Isabella hid were not as indifferent as they appeared.

Michael was the man she had loved for years. Seeing him leave with Bianca in front of her, anyone would have been agitated.

Olivia thought for a moment and couldn't resist calling Michael.

After all, Isabella was still his legal wife, and he had sent her to the police station for Bianca. That was too much!

The call connected quickly, and Michael's deep, impatient voice came through. "What is it?"

He clearly guessed it was Olivia.

Olivia's anger flared. "Isabella is in the police station because of you, and you don't care at all? You're a terrible man. Isabella is so unlucky to have married you."

"Olivia, watch your words." Michael's tone was calm, but his displeasure was evident.

"You abandoned Isabella for that shameless Bianca, and you expect me to speak nicely? I'm telling you, if you keep bullying Isabella, you'll face consequences soon. You'll regret it." Olivia was furious.

She should have stopped Isabella from marrying Michael in the first place.

"Really?" Michael's tone remained the same, but his voice grew colder. "Then why didn't you think of that when you took her to The Velvet Lounge to find male models?"

Isabella had been much happier after leaving the Brown Family.

Divorcing him made her so happy.

If she had just come to him like before and begged, he would have taken her away.

But she refused.

Olivia felt Michael was so unreasonable. "How dare you mention male models? If you hadn't neglected her, Isabella wouldn't have gone out to find other men. Do you not understand how you've treated her these past three years?"

She took a deep breath. "Michael, I'll say it one last time. Isabella is at the police station. If you still consider her your wife, go get her. Otherwise..."

"She's divorcing me. Do I need to save her?" Michael's chest felt tight, and his face reflected in the floor-to-ceiling window was dark. "I won't help her unless she comes to me and begs."

"You, Michael, are you out of your mind? You're the one at fault..."

The call was abruptly ended.

Olivia stared at her phone, fuming. She wasn't really worried about Isabella getting into trouble; Isabella could handle herself.

She just wanted to make things a bit easier for Isabella.

Michael was someone Isabella had cared about for over a decade.

How could she just forget him?

But she never expected Michael to be such a jerk.

Michael hung up and returned to the couch to continue drinking.

Even Ethan, sitting on the couch nearby, could feel the low pressure emanating from him.

He had just been speaking coldly, but now he seemed depressed.

Ethan sighed. "I really don't get you. What are you thinking? You indulge Bianca but won't divorce Isabella, and now you've sent Isabella to the police station?"

###chapter 20 The Price of Provoking Me Is More Than You Can Bear

Michael put down his wine glass, his eyes devoid of emotion. "I gave her a chance."

At the Brown Family, he had repeatedly tried to stop her, but she still left.

Ethan sighed. He really didn't understand what was going on between the two of them. All he knew was that Isabella being taken away was a big deal. "If you ask me, you should go check on her. After all, you two aren't divorced yet, and Isabella isn't someone who goes out much. If she gets scared in there, you'll be the one who feels bad."

Michael said, "She went as far as paying a high price to have a child with another man. What would she be afraid of? If I don't teach her a lesson, she'll never know what she did wrong."

Ethan said, "But you didn't have to throw her into the police station just because you're mad at her, did you?"

"Why not? It's not like she can't speak for herself."

Ethan finally understood.

Michael was waiting for Isabella to apologize and admit she was wrong.

One phone call from Isabella, a few soft words, and everything would be fine.

But Isabella wasn't Bianca. After three years of marriage, she left the Brown Family without hesitation when she said she wanted a divorce.

A woman like Isabella would never back down.

"Michael, I'm saying this because you're my friend. If you don't want to lose Isabella, I suggest you go get her out of there as soon as possible. If something irreversible happens, it'll be too late for regrets."

As soon as Ethan finished speaking, Michael's phone rang.

It wasn't Isabella; it was his subordinate, Aaron Hill.

Michael asked, "Did she admit she was wrong?"

Ethan replied, "No, Mrs. Brown didn't mention you. There's another force involved."

Meanwhile, on Isabella's side.

Layla's hand was red from hitting, but she still didn't feel satisfied. Just as she was about to kick Isabella, who remained expressionless, the door was suddenly kicked open.

Dozens of burly men rushed in, filling the room to the brim.

"Isabella!" The loudest voice came from Jesse Turner, who had been protecting Isabella since childhood.

The simultaneous shout from dozens of men made Layla tremble in fear.

Before she could react, her vision went black, and a sharp pain shot through her wrist.

When she opened her eyes again, Isabella was no longer in front of her.

When Layla found Mason, who could stand up for her, she saw the proud Mason bowing his head and apologizing to Isabella.

There were many people around, but Layla couldn't be bothered to look at each one.

She went straight to her brother, holding up her wrist. "Mason, why are you apologizing to her? Look at my hand; Isabella's people did this. Where is she? You should lock her up forever."

"And it was Mr. Brown who called the police. Even if she isn't really divorced from Mr. Brown, he won't want her anymore." The more Layla spoke, the louder her voice became. Everyone in the room, except Isabella, looked grim.

"Layla, shut up!" Mason was sweating profusely. Isabella was not someone he could afford to offend.

Layla had been spoiled since childhood and had no idea what was about to happen.

Just as she was about to point at Isabella and speak again, Mason slapped her hard.

The force of Mason's slap sent Layla sprawling to the ground.

"Mason, you hit me for Isabella." Layla clutched her bleeding mouth, her face numb, looking incredulous.

Mason only wanted to save his own life. The police chief had personally come, and if he didn't say something, he would die a horrible death. "Ms. Taylor, Layla was ignorant and hurt you. I apologize on behalf of her and the Scott Family. This is a small token of my apology; please accept it. And I will make sure to discipline those two subordinates."

He hadn't been there earlier, so he didn't know that Layla had used his name to bring Isabella to the police station and even resorted to private punishment.

Now, even his superiors were alarmed.

Not only could he not explain this to the Brown Family, but if they had really offended some powerful family, the Scott Family would be finished.

Looking at the bank card in front of her, Isabella's expression remained indifferent. She didn't take it. "Keep this money for Layla's plastic surgery."

After all, Mason's slap had disfigured Layla's nose.

Mason swallowed hard, understanding that Isabella had no intention of forgiving Layla easily.

He felt a growing sense of fear.

If Isabella really wanted to take down the Scott Family, it wouldn't even take half a day for them to disappear from Evergreen City.

"Isabella, you bitch! You must have slept with some old man to get this privilege. How dare you say that? I'll kill you!" Having been slapped hard by Mason and publicly humiliated by Isabella and her men, Layla had lost all reason.

She picked up a nearby vase and aimed it at Isabella's face.

If her face was ruined, Isabella wouldn't have it easy either.

But Layla underestimated the men around Isabella. These men were handpicked from elite soldiers.

There was no way they would let Isabella get hurt again.

Without anyone else moving, Ethan, the leader, swept his long leg, sending Layla flying into the wall like trash.

The vase shattered on the ground, and Layla clutched her face and hand, screaming like a ghost.

Mason's face had turned as white as a sheet.

He could already foresee the Scott Family's fate.

Isabella slowly stood up and walked over to Layla.

With her high heels, tall stature, and the imposing presence of dozens of men behind her, just a slight raise of her eyebrow exerted immense pressure.

She lowered her eyes, her voice icy. "Didn't I tell you that you couldn't afford the price of provoking me?"

"You..." Layla tried to curse, but a rag was stuffed into her mouth.

Isabella looked at her with cold eyes. "Did you really think I wouldn't hold a grudge? Don't worry, your punishment is coming."

With that, Isabella raised her hand slightly, and her men immediately understood.

Two of them dragged Layla into the confinement room.

The rest surrounded Mason.

Isabella had been hit, and anyone who had laid a hand on her wouldn't get away.

At the hospital.

Isabella sat in the emergency room, with three doctors attending to her wounds.

In the past, even a minor injury to Isabella would alarm the entire hospital.

Especially given today's situation, Isabella's face was swollen. If it weren't for her reluctance to reveal her identity, the Scott Family would have been wiped out.

Anyone with some status knew the Wilson Family's position.

Whenever the Wilson Family took action, it struck fear into people's hearts.

No one had ever dared to bully Isabella.

Ethan stayed with Isabella in the room, while dozens of burly men in black suits stood outside.

No one dared to approach.

Someone came in to ask what to do about Layla and Mason next.

Ethan's face was cold. "The Scott Family dared to lay a hand on Ms. Taylor. They can forget about staying in Evergreen City. Send them all to Auroria to mine!"

###chapter 21 Who Is That Man?

At the Scott Family's house.

Layla, who had been detained and reprimanded by Isabella's people, returned home and just finished recounting the incident.

Layla's father, Vance Scott's face changed and made a phone call.

He immediately convened a family meeting overnight.

Two hours later, the study door opened, and several influential and powerful familie members, along with Layla's grandfather, Will Scott, came out with dark expressions.

Layla sensed something was wrong.

Isabella might not be an ordinary person at all.

Her backing was something even the Scott Family couldn't afford to provoke.

But she still held a glimmer of hope. In Evergreen City, could anyone be more powerful than Michael?

Isabella must have slept with some old man who didn't dare reveal his name to gain such privileges.

If Michael knew about this, things could be different!

Layla didn't believe Michael could tolerate Isabella being ambiguous with other men. "Dad, why are you afraid of that country bumpkin? Mr. Brown allowed the police report. She bullied someone Mr. Brown likes."

Everyone in the room turned cold, and Vance stepped forward and kicked her. "Layla, it's one thing to mess around, but did you leave your brain at home? How could you provoke someone like Isabella? You almost got Mason killed."

Others chimed in, "It was hard enough to get Mason into the police department through connections, and now you've bumped into someone we can't afford to offend. Not only did you implicate Mason, but you also dragged the entire Scott Family into this. What were you thinking?"

"Did you even consider that just because Michael told you to call the police, you actually dared to do it? No matter how much they argue, they're still a couple. Don't you know that every wealthy family cares about their reputation? Do you even know who you can't afford to mess with?"

Layla was dumbfounded by the scolding.

How could this be?

Michael had taken Bianca away at the time. How could he still care about Isabella, his ex-wife?

Vance ignored her and turned to discuss countermeasures with Will.

Will shook his head after listening.

Layla panicked.

She didn't have time to go to the hospital to check her injuries and hurriedly called Bianca.

"Bianca, only you can save me now!" Layla told Bianca everything that happened at the police station, asking her to plead with Michael.

After all, she had taken Isabella away to vent Bianca's anger.

Now that she was in trouble, Bianca couldn't just ignore it.

Bianca was already angry that Michael had left her on the street last night. Now, learning that Isabella had been released from the police station after only a few hours, she was even more upset.

Who exactly was Isabella seducing to be able to leave the police station unscathed?

Layla, the Scott Family's young lady, was so scared that she had to ask Michael for protection.

But there was a silver lining.

This time, Isabella was definitely entangled with another man.

If Michael found out, he would definitely go to City Hall to divorce her.

Thinking of this, she dialed Michael's number and exaggeratedly told him what she had just heard from Layla.

It was already early morning.

Michael had someone find out which hospital Isabella was in, hung up the phone, and went straight to the garage.

He didn't stop for a moment.

He wanted to see which man she was with this time.

At this moment, his subordinate Aaron called with an important report. "Mr. Brown, among the people Mrs. Brown has interacted with in the past year, there are no suspicious individuals. However, there is indeed an issue with someone named Thomas."

"Go on!" Michael opened the car door and questioned coldly.

"We couldn't find any information on Thomas's identity with our intelligence, including Mrs. Brown's. It's as if someone deliberately erased their records. But we found a photo through other clues, confirming that Mrs. Brown and Thomas have known each other for a long time."

A photo quickly came through on his phone.

In it, Thomas had his arm around a teenage Isabella under a tree, both smiling brightly at the camera.

Sitting in the car, Michael's eyes turned red with anger at the sight of that smile.

"Mr. Brown, should we continue investigating Thomas? If our intelligence can't find anything on him, it's highly likely that he is..."

"I don't care who he is. Make him disappear from Evergreen City completely, along with his team of lawyers." Michael said.

"Yes!"

"Wait!" Michael suddenly spoke, instructing over the phone, "Help the Scott Family and find out who is helping Isabella."

"Understood."

Hospital.

Isabella lay in the VIP ward, unable to sleep, so she sat up and looked at her phone.

She actually saw something interesting.

Bianca had posted a Facebook update.

The photo was of her in a hotel, fresh out of the bath, with a half-exposed shoulder, a flushed face, and ambiguous bite marks down her neck.

The caption read: [The one you love will return to you no matter how long the separation.]

Anyone with a keen eye could tell what had just happened.

Especially since Michael had left with Bianca earlier in the night.

They had gone straight to the hotel and had sex all night.

Isabella wished she could reach through the screen and slap both of them.

She cursed that Michael would last no more than two minutes during sex in the future and that he would have erectile dysfunction every time.

Michael arrived at the hospital and found Isabella's ward, where Ethan and a group of black-clad bodyguards stood outside.

But seeing that it was him, even Ethan hesitated.

He had seen the photo and knew Michael's place in Isabella's heart, so he didn't dare to really stop him.

Michael walked straight in without looking sideways.

Seeing Isabella sitting on the hospital bed with a medicinal patch, playing with her phone, Michael's expression grew colder. "To get you out of the police station and have someone guard you, is that man Thomas?"

Michael had come in a hurry, wearing only a black shirt and suit pants. Standing there, he exuded a chilling aura.

With a bang, the door was shut tightly behind him.

Isabella was momentarily stunned.

She had just seen Bianca's post on her phone, and the next second, Michael appeared.

She couldn't help but glance at his lower body.

Could her curse have worked?

Could he really have erectile dysfunction?

No wonder all her attempts to seduce him over the past three years had failed. The problem was with him, and having a child with him was out of the question.

Shaking her head, Isabella calmly looked at Michael, "What does it matter who are outside? This is my ward. Please leave!"

Hearing this, Michael's jaw instantly tightened. He strode forward and pulled off her blanket, "Fine, then come with me."

Without waiting for Isabella to react, he hoisted her onto his shoulder.

"Michael, what are you doing? Put me down!" Isabella shouted.

"You'll find out soon enough." Michael said coldly.

Isabella didn't expect Michael to actually take her away.

She was both anxious and angry.

Especially since he had just had sex with Bianca in a hotel and now came to bother her?

Hanging upside down on Michael's shoulder, Isabella was so angry that she bit his neck.

Michael winced in pain.

Was Isabella trying to bite him to death?

She used all her strength.

He couldn't help but slap her on her perky butt. With a crisp sound, Isabella's face turned red, and she let go.

Isabella called out. "Michael, you pervert! Try hitting me again!"

###chapter 22 Just Throw It Away

Isabella kept wriggling, and Michael directly ordered, "Stop moving!"

"Why should I listen to you? Put me down!" Isabella was both embarrassed and angry.

"Not a chance!" Micheal directly refused.

"Michael, you..."

"Move again, and I'll carry you to Daniel right now and let him see you like this."

After that video call, Michael knew that Daniel was Isabella's weakness.

Sure enough, at the mention of Daniel, Isabella immediately quieted down.

In her current state, not even Thomas should know about it.

She quieted down, but her gaze was sharp enough to kill Michael.

Michael slid Isabella down a bit, holding her in his arms. Isabella didn't dare to resist and let him carry her into the car.

Ethan and the others could only watch, unable to do anything.

After all, Michael was Isabella's husband.

Michael took Isabella back to the Brown Villa.

The room, which had been a mess in the afternoon, was now cleaned up.

Michael placed her on the bed and immediately started taking off his clothes.

"What are you doing?" Isabella thought about how he had just been with Bianca and pushed him away in a panic. "Get away from me! Don't touch me with the hands that touched someone else. It's disgusting."

Michael staggered, and the anger he had just suppressed flared up again. He unbuttoned his collar.

He directly pinned Isabella to the bed, his unique cold scent enveloping her. "You think I'm dirty? Weren't you dirty when you were with that Thomas? I want to see how clean you are!"

"Michael, you bastard. Let go of me." With her hands pinned above her head, Isabella could only wriggle her body to try to escape him.

Isabella's restless movements beneath him only served to arouse him more, and the desire in Michael's eyes was clear.

Isabella's strength was no match for him; he only wanted to make love to her now.

Michael easily tore open Isabella's loose hospital gown, revealing her delicate and beautiful body.

Michael's breathing grew heavier.

It was as if he would turn into a wolf and devour her completely.

"Michael, you're crazy. You just want to take revenge on me for Bianca, right? Hit me if you want, but don't touch me!" Isabella shouted from beneath him, and the swelling patch on her face was rubbed off.

Her face was red and swollen.

The desire in Michael's eyes was instantly replaced by anger. He stared at her face, his voice hoarse, "Who hit you?"

Isabella didn't want his sympathy and turned her face away, "Does it matter if I tell you? Get off me!"

She had once longed for his attention, waiting at home every night until late, but he never came back to accompany her.

Now he was even more excessive.

He had just made love to Bianca in a hotel earlier that night, and now he was here to take revenge on her for Bianca.

Did she really mean nothing to him?

Isabella refused to turn her head, not seeing the angry look in Michael's eyes when he saw the injury on her face.

Someone dared to hurt Isabella? They must be courting death!

Suddenly, her phone rang.

The caller ID showed it was Bianca.

Michael didn't move, and Isabella picked up the call.

"Isabella, why are you doing this? It's one thing to hit me, but Layla is innocent. Why did you have to harm her family? You're so cruel!"

Hearing Bianca's pretentious voice, Isabella felt nauseous, "Don't worry, there's more to come. You might be next."

Bianca laughed, having another trick up her sleeve, "Isabella, you probably don't know yet, but Michael has already decided to help the Scott Family. And you must have seen the photos I just sent. Michael is really amazing. He left in such a hurry that he forgot his coat here."

Isabella looked up at Michael, who was only wearing a shirt, and sneered, "He's right next to me. He said clothes that touched dirty things should be thrown away like trash."

With that, Isabella hung up the phone.

Her feelings were complicated.

She had thought he was taking revenge on her for Bianca.

But he cared about Bianca even more than she had imagined, even coming to her to avenge Layla's grievances.

"Mr. Brown, you really are devoted. Is there anyone you wouldn't help if they asked?" Isabella's tone was sarcastic.

For the sake of Bianca, he had really let go of his years of stubbornness.

Michael's eyes darkened, and he tightened his grip on her wrist, "I never expected Thomas to destroy the Scott Family for you. What exactly is your relationship with him that makes him take such risks for you?"

Isabella sneered, "So, you're only worried about your male pride. Have you ever thought about what I've been through? Even when I was publicly humiliated and almost killed, you still stood by Bianca's side. Michael, you are the least qualified person to question me."

Michael wanted to ask her what had happened.

Isabella kicked him off the bed with all her strength. "Get out, I don't want to see you anymore. From today on, you can continue being a good man and have your romance with Bianca, but let me tell you, the Scott Family won't get away with this!"

She would avenge herself.

Even if Michael got involved, she would make Layla pay.

"Isabella!" Michael called out.

Couldn't she just talk to him nicely like before? Even if she softened a bit, he wouldn't go against her.

"Don't call my name, it's disgusting." Isabella said.

Michael's face darkened, his whole body exuding a cold aura, "Fine, you said it."

He stood by the bed, glanced at the gray sky outside the window, and then looked back at Isabella on the bed. "You want to end things with me, but what about Daniel?"

"What does my grandpa have to do with you?" Isabella turned away, not looking at him, her voice muffled.

Michael took a deep breath, "You haven't forgotten what was said in the video, have you? Grandpa said that your grandpa has already come to Evergreen City Hospital to recuperate after receiving your call. I told him that we would visit him together at ten tomorrow morning."

"I don't need you. I won't let you see my grandpa!" Isabella sat up in anger, her chest heaving violently.

Michael sure knew how to pissprovoke her off. "It's not up to you. We're still married, whether you like it or not. Besides, visiting your grandpa is something I should do. What right do you have to stop me?"

"You!" Isabella was almost blinded by anger, "I can't control what you do, but don't think you can threaten me."

She got out of bed, found her old clothes from the wardrobe, and stormed out, slamming the door behind her.

She didn't want to see Michael for another second.

In the room, Michael didn't chase after her.

He knew that in a few hours, Isabella would definitely appear in front of Daniel.

But there was something he needed to know now. He called Aaron, "Come to the Brown Villa. I'm going to the Scott Family myself."

###chapter 23 Are You Begging Me?

The next day.

Isabella put on some makeup and went to the hospital alone.

Daniel had worked too hard when he was young, leaving him with many old injuries. Now that he was older, he had serious heart problems.

He couldn't handle too much stress, and sudden emotional outbursts were out of the question.

This was also why she didn't dare to let Daniel know about the divorce.

But what Isabella didn't expect was that Michael showed up.

He even arrived earlier than she did.

In the hospital room, Daniel lay on the bed. Perhaps because he had just undergone some tests, he looked much worse than he did in the video call last night.

But he was a respected businessman in his younger days, and even in old age, he still exuded a powerful aura.

Years of experience had only made him more convincing.

It was Michael's first time visiting Daniel, and he brought many valuable medicinal gift boxes.

Although it was their first meeting, they didn't seem unfamiliar with each other.

They were chatting and laughing when Daniel looked up and saw Isabella standing outside.

His eyes lit up, "Isabella. Let me see if you've gained any weight. What's wrong with your face? Why is it so red?"

Isabella walked closer, and Daniel immediately noticed something was wrong with her face.

His expression changed, "Who bullied you? Tell me!"

"Grandpa, it's my fault. I bought Isabella a bouquet yesterday, not knowing she was allergic to that kind of pollen." Michael cleverly helped her out.

But Isabella didn't want to see him here.

Not even for a second.

But considering Daniel, she gritted her teeth and explained, "Grandpa, it's just a minor allergy. It's nothing. You know who I am; how could I let anyone bully me?"

Isabella tilted her face to show Daniel. She had used ice to reduce most of the swelling before coming.

Now it just looked red, very much like an allergy.

Daniel frowned with concern, "You must not have taken good care of yourself. How could you have such a severe allergy?"

"It's all my fault. I didn't take good care of Isabella." Michael spoke sincerely, slightly lowering his head as if he were genuinely remorseful.

Isabella couldn't help but roll her eyes secretly.

Michael was such a good actor; no wonder she had been deceived by him all these years without realizing it.

"Alright, alright." Daniel nodded at him, "I don't blame you. You two are still young and have a long way to go. I'm old now, and the family matters will depend on you."

"The doctor said that as long as you rest, you'll recover in two or three months. How can you say you're old? I was thinking of asking you for some chess tips. Grandpa said you were the best back in the day." With just a few words, Michael changed the subject.

Daniel loved playing chess.

Being praised by Michael, his spirits lifted.

He had been worried that Isabella might suffer after marrying Michael, especially since she had forced the marriage with the engagement.

But now it seemed Michael did care about Isabella.

Michael not only came to visit him personally but also knew he liked chess.

He was a thoughtful person.

Sitting by the bed, Isabella glanced at Michael, feeling speechless.

When did Michael learn to play chess?

He was so good at pleasing people; who knew what schemes he had in mind.

"Just pleasing me isn't enough. Your grandpa and I really want to see you have a child soon. Only then can we be at ease." Daniel spoke bluntly.

Michael pressed his lips together and nodded at Daniel, "You're right. Isabella and I should have our own child."

Isabella was stunned.

She thought, 'Is Michael addicted to acting? Having a child? How? Nobody would have a child when getting a divorce!'

Seeing the two of them start discussing children, Isabella quickly spoke up, "Daniel, I've already contacted Dr. Gray and sent him your medical records. Once he responds, your illness will be cured."

Michael looked at her, "Are you talking about Dr. Gray, the founder of the Pioneer Medical Research Institute, Sean Gray?"

"You know him?" Isabella was surprised.

Sean was a top expert in heart treatment.

But he was always elusive and had a unique personality. The consultation fee Isabella offered was enough to support their research institute for a year, yet Sean still hadn't responded.

To show her sincerity, she planned to visit him personally in the coming days. If necessary, she would agree to any conditions Sean proposed.

As long as he could cure Daniel.

Michael raised an eyebrow, "Not exactly. The Brown Group collaborates with Sean's wife's medical company."

Daniel knew Sean's temperament.

He smiled, "Don't worry about me. Sean is eccentric. No need to find him. I know my own body well. If you two have a child, my illness will be cured immediately."

Isabella knew Daniel didn't want to trouble her.

But she was raised by Daniel; how could she watch him suffer without doing anything? "Grandpa, you said it yourself. Taking care of a child is exhausting. You need to get better first to help me take care of the child."

"Alright, alright, I got it." Daniel soon felt tired.

Isabella and Michael said their goodbyes and left the room.

Outside, Isabella thought about what Michael had said and stopped him, "You can contact Sean, right? Only he can save Daniel."

Thomas had tried to invite him before, but Sean was so eccentric that he ignored people he didn't want to see.

But she couldn't wait any longer.

Daniel's condition was worsening; otherwise, he wouldn't look so bad after just a check-up.

Anyone would develop some feelings in three years.

Especially since she was his wife.

Michael couldn't just stand by and do nothing.

He looked down at Isabella blocking his way, a slow smile forming on his lips. He stepped closer, cornering her.

He lifted her chin, his voice low, "Are you begging me?"

Isabella was forced to look up at him. They were so close that she could smell his scent.

The scene of their argument last night flashed through her mind.

She turned her head, "I can give you money. How much do you want?"

Michael sneered, tightening his grip on her chin, forcing her to look at him, "Do you think I need money? Or do you forget that every card you have is from me? Using my money to ask me for a favor, do you think I'm a fool?"

Isabella paused, realizing Michael didn't know she had money.

Biting her lip, she said, "Forget it. I'll find another way."

She raised her hand to push him away.

But Michael grabbed her waist, pulling her even closer.

###chapter 24 Taking Over the Wilson Group

Michael and Isabella looked so close it seemed like they were about to kiss.

Michael stared at her flushed face, his voice hoarse, "Don't blame me for not telling you, no one but me can get Sean to do anything."

"What do you want?" Isabella stared at him.

"Beg me!"

"Michael, you really are shameless." Isabella felt helpless.

Even at this point, he still wanted to humiliate her.

Isabella raised her hand to push Michael away, but he firmly grabbed her wrist, lifting it above her head.

It was just like their actions last night.

Unable to move her hand, Isabella lifted her leg.

Michael seemed to see through her, his tall figure pressing down, easily pinning Isabella in his arms.

They were even closer now.

Isabella couldn't ignore the change in Michael's body.

Someone could walk by the hallway at any moment, and Isabella's face was flushed with anger. "Michael, this is a hospital. If you want to have sex, go find Bianca. Don't touch me."

Michael's expression remained indifferent as he warned her, "If you don't want Daniel to know we're not getting along, you can speak a little louder."

Isabella bit her lips tightly.

He was doing it on purpose.

But that didn't mean she would just give in, "Michael, if it's not money, then what do you want?"

"If you were my wife, you will only have to ask. But if you insist on distancing yourself from me, I have no reason to help an outsider." Michael's words were clear.

If Isabella insisted on divorcing him, he wouldn't help her even if he could.

She suddenly laughed.

He was Michael, the most distinguished and powerful man in Evergreen City.

He could easily crush someone's hope.

But he clearly didn't love her, so why couldn't he just let her go?

"Michael, I don't understand. We've been married for three years, and you've never looked at me properly. Now that I've finally decided to let you go, you disagree. Do you find it fulfilling to toy with other people's feelings?" Isabella felt bitter.

He didn't want her, yet he wouldn't let her go.

How long did he plan to torment her?

The hurt in Isabella's eyes stung Michael's heart.

He didn't understand why her sadness made him feel so uncomfortable.

But one thing was clear.

He didn't plan to let her go.

"Why should I agree?" Michael's face darkened, "Isabella, do you think I'm some toy you can discard at will?"

He suddenly let go of her, stepping back, exuding a cold aura. "The position of Mrs. Brown was something you begged for with the marriage contract. Now, it's not up to you to end it."

Isabella understood.

Michael didn't have feelings for her; he was just unwilling to accept it.

She had been the one in control of this marriage from the start.

It hurt his pride.

Especially since he already had someone in his heart. She had taken Bianca's place, and it was a wonder he didn't hate her more.

She had naively thought he would help her for the sake of their three years of marriage.

Michael gave a direct order, "I'm giving you one last chance. Do you want to come back to me?"

With that, he turned and left.

Isabella stood there, the cold wall keeping her clear-headed.

But the grievance of being bullied by Michael made her eyes wet.

She didn't want anyone to see her vulnerable side, so she bit her lip tightly, not letting the tears fall.

She was the daughter of the Wilson Family; she had never shed tears easily.

The word "surrender" was never in her life motto.

Just then, Thomas called. "Isabella, the lawyer is ready. Are you sure?"

He was referring to Isabella and Michael's divorce.

"Yes!" Isabella took a deep breath, "Thomas, I've made up my mind. I want to divorce him."

After ending the call, Isabella walked outside and made another call.

Soon, Ethan appeared by her side, standing behind her, "Ms. Taylor!"

Isabella instructed him, "Send our people out to find Sean. If he won't accept a high price, then bring him here by force, but don't hurt him."

Time was running out. Since Michael wouldn't help her, she had to find a way herself.

No matter what it took, she had to bring Sean here.

Daniel's illness couldn't wait any longer.

"Yes, I'll get right on it." Ethan's eyes lit up. He had a feeling that the decisive Isabella from years ago was coming back.

But Isabella didn't expect Daniel to suddenly fall into a coma.

That night, Daniel's most trusted subordinate, Chris Diaz, called Isabella.

He asked her to return to the Wilson Group to take charge, to prevent any upheaval within the company due to this incident.

"What about my uncles?" Isabella didn't expect things to change so suddenly.

Chris sighed, "You know, they have no interest in Mr. Daniel Wilson's business. Now they're all abroad and can't come back. The only one left is Mr. Thomas Wilson, but..."

Isabella knew Thomas's temperament.

His ambitions lay elsewhere.

Chris also felt it was difficult for Isabella, but there was no other way now. "Ms. Taylor, you are Mr. Daniel Wilson's chosen successor. Now that Mr. Daniel Wilson is seriously ill, the Wilson Group is in your hands."

Back then, Isabella had voluntarily married into the Brown Family for the Wilson Family, helping them in their toughest times.

At that time, Daniel had already planned to hand over his business to her.

But Isabella had stepped back for Michael, and Daniel had hoped she would have a child, so the matter was never brought up again.

Now...

Isabella didn't hesitate. The Wilson Family's matters were her responsibility, "Chris, I'll be there tomorrow."

"By the way, Ms. Taylor, there's something you need to know." Chris said, "The Wilson Group has been expanding from the East to the South in recent years. But due to Mr. Wilson's worsening condition and your three-year absence, the Wilson Group's stock has been highly volatile. Recently, the Brown Group has been making moves, trying to seize our resources and planning a takeover."

At the mention of the Brown Group, Isabella felt like her lungs were about to explode with anger.

That scoundrel Michael dared to touch the Wilson Family's business!

After hanging up, Isabella called Ethan, "Have you found Sean?"

Ethan reported, "Ms. Taylor, Michael's people took Sean before we could."

Michael again!

Isabella was furious. She would see what Michael was up to.

The next day.

Isabella went straight to the Brown Group building.

Slamming the door of her fiery red sports car, she took off her sunglasses and walked in, high heels clicking.

She wanted to confront Michael face-to-face and ask if he was determined to go against her.

"Where's Michael?" Isabella went straight to the reception desk.

The receptionist glanced at her and then continued with her work as if nothing had happened.

She even secretly mocked, "It's funny how some people think that just because they're rich and good-looking, they can have something with Mr. Brown. Do they even know who Mr. Brown is?"

###chapter 25 How Dare You Stop Mrs. Brown

"I'm Michael's wife. Where is he?" Isabella was pressed for time and didn't want to waste it on irrelevant people.

"Wife?" The receptionist burst into laughter. "Ma'am, you might want to get your facts straight about Mr. Brown's personal life before coming here. Mr. Brown's wife just went upstairs with breakfast. Who exactly are you?"

"Breakfast?" Isabella let out a cold laugh.

She didn't need to think to know who it was.

Michael had begged her not to divorce him yesterday, and today he was entangled with Bianca at the office.

She wanted to see just how shameless he could be.

Ignoring the shouts behind her, Isabella walked straight into the CEO's private elevator.

The receptionist called security to chase after her, but Aaron, the assistant, arrived just in time.

He quickly stopped the security guards and coldly reprimanded the two receptionists, "Are you out of your minds? How dare you stop Mrs. Brown?"

Hearing Aaron's words, the two receptionists turned pale with fear.

They were done for.

They had mistaken Bianca, who had gone upstairs with breakfast, for Michael's wife, not realizing that Isabella was the real Mrs. Brown.

Their earlier remarks had likely cost them their jobs.

Aaron hurried to catch up with Isabella, not forgetting to send a message to Michael.

He informed him that Isabella was here.

She would be at his office in five minutes.

As Michael's assistant and subordinate, this was all he could do.

Michael received the message promptly, glanced at it, and his expression remained unchanged.

Only the slight curve of his lips indicated his good mood.

It seemed his words from yesterday had worked.

Isabella still couldn't bear to let him go.

"Michael, I made these desserts this morning. Try them and see if you like them." Seeing that Michael's mood had improved, Bianca seized the opportunity and walked over to him with a piece of dessert.

She had deliberately chosen a form-fitting dress that accentuated her figure.

A slight bend was enough to showcase her alluring curves.

Michael was focused on his phone and didn't respond, so Bianca boldly sat on his lap.

Isabella pushed the door open just in time to see this. "If you're in such a hurry, why not get a room at the hotel next door? Or do you find it more thrilling to have an audience?" She stood there, coldly mocking.

Michael looked over, reaching for the dessert in her hand. "If you want to watch, I don't mind."

Bianca was thrilled and tried to get closer to Michael, but he moved forward, leaving her perched on the armrest.

However, the fact that he ate what she made said it all.

Looking at the defeated Isabella, Bianca said smugly, "Isabella, what are you doing here? I heard Daniel was brought from the countryside for treatment. If you keep opposing Michael, you might not even get the medical bills."

Bianca's eyes were full of pride.

Isabella might be Mrs. Brown, but Michael's heart belonged to her.

Whoever had Michael's heart was the ultimate winner.

Isabella ignored Bianca. She was here for serious business with Michael.

Otherwise, she would have taken a picture of the scene just now and used it as evidence in court.

She strode to the desk in her high heels, exuding confidence, and threw her limited-edition handbag onto the table.

She coldly looked at Bianca. "Do you have any right to speak here? Your mother wasn't satisfied being a mistress, so you took over for her?"

"Isabella, you..." Bianca wanted to retort but didn't dare reveal her true nature in front of Michael.

"What do you mean, 'you'? You're so cheap, clinging to someone else's husband like a free toy, and you feel proud of it." Isabella said.

Bianca's eyes reddened with anger, but all she could say was, "Isabella, this is Michael's office. At least act with some decorum and not like a shrew, okay?"

Michael hated people who spoke crudely.

So for years, she had always been elegant and gentle in front of him, making Isabella's rustic manners even more apparent.

Isabella laughed. "If I'm a shrew, then what are you? A slut who seduces other women's husbands?"

Bianca's palms were almost bleeding from her nails digging in, and she was seething with hatred.

She was the daughter of the Taylor Family, groomed with millions of dollars from a young age, the most famous piano prodigy in Evergreen City, and Michael's ex-girlfriend.

How could she stoop to arguing with a country bumpkin like Isabella?

It was utterly disgraceful.

She stood up and looked pitifully at Michael. "Michael, it's all my fault. I shouldn't have come at this time."

She hoped Michael would back her up.

But Michael didn't even lift his eyes.

Bianca bit her lip and glanced at the handbag Isabella had placed on the table. Not only was it a limited edition, but it was also the last work of a famous designer, worth millions of dollars.

Looking at her own bag, which was only worth a few hundred thousand dollars, Bianca didn't feel envious because she knew Isabella couldn't afford such a bag.

There was only one in Evergreen City, bought by a wealthy tycoon.

Bianca disdainfully looked away, convinced Isabella's bag was a fake.

She turned to Michael. "Michael, I have a piano recital in a few days. I'll go prepare for it."

Michael, sitting in his chair, only looked at Isabella. When he heard Bianca was leaving, he nodded slightly.

As Bianca walked past Isabella, she said, "Isabella, I know you like these designer bags, but you should live within your means. Try not to carry fake ones around."

With that, Bianca walked out.

She didn't give Isabella a chance to respond.

Isabella was speechless. How dare Bianca question the authenticity of her bag?

But she couldn't be bothered to explain to Bianca.

She had carried a canvas bag for three years of marriage and never felt anything about it.

It was just a bag.

"Now, let's talk about our business." Isabella pulled out a chair and sat directly across from Michael.

Her coat was open, revealing a sexy black silk tight skirt underneath, adding to Isabella's cold and alluring aura.

Michael felt that Isabella surprised him every time they met.

He suddenly remembered something, and a meaningful smile appeared on his lips. "In three years of marriage, this is the first time you've come to see me."

Isabella frowned, not understanding why Michael was bringing this up.

She wasn't here to discuss that. "Hand over Sean, and you can name your terms!"

Michael placed his hands on the table, his eyes deep as the ocean. "Haven't I made my terms clear?"

###chapter 26 It's So Much Fun Toying with You

Isabella gritted her teeth, "Divorce is out of the question, but you can ask for anything else."

Michael knew she wouldn't compromise so easily, but the fact that she came to see him in person was a step forward.

He squinted his eyes, "Fine."

"Say it," Isabella's heart filled with hope.

She thought Michael had a bit of kindness in him, but his next words made her want to walk out immediately.

He said, "Then let's have a child. Since both Aiden and Daniel wish for us to have our own child, as long as you get pregnant, Daniel's illness can still be treated."

Isabella's eyes widened, and she slammed her hands on the table, "Michael, are you out of your mind!"

She had already decided on the divorce, how could she have a child with him?

In three years of marriage, she had tried everything, but he just ignored her.

Now he wanted to have a child with her, where was he before?

"You don't want to?" Michael's face was expressionless as he said, "Then there's nothing more to discuss."

Seeing his extremely cold demeanor, Isabella's head throbbed with anger.

Just then, Michael received a call about how to take over the Wilson Group's branch in the South.

Michael's tone was determined.

Isabella's hands clenched tightly at her sides.

She wouldn't just stand by and watch Michael go after the Wilson Group. Not only that, but she also wanted him to pay for what he was doing now.

Knowing that continuing the conversation was pointless, Isabella turned and left.

Watching Isabella storm out, Michael hung up the phone, a complex emotion flashing in his eyes.

That night.

Michael stayed at the office.

The entire building was dark except for the top floor.

Even Isabella had to acknowledge Michael's capability at work. He had taken over the Brown Group at a young age and achieved in a few years what others couldn't in decades.

No wonder Aiden chose him as the heir among all the grandchildren.

"You're really dedicated, still working so late?" Isabella pushed the door open, casually taking off her coat to reveal her sexy figure wrapped in a tight camisole.

Fiery red lips, smooth skin.

She walked towards him step by step in the night, like a seductive siren.

Michael thought he had strong self-control, but when his eyes fell on Isabella, he was stunned and couldn't look away.

Why hadn't he noticed this side of her before?

He put down what he was holding, his tall body leaning back slowly, his eyes seeming to see through her, "Dressed like this, are you agreeing to my terms?"

Michael's alluring voice was low and husky.

Isabella didn't respond directly, her red lips curved as she walked to the desk and pressed her hand on the documents in Michael's hand.

Her eyes lifted slightly, "I thought you had a hard day and needed someone to keep you company at night. Why don't we continue our conversation?"

She lowered her voice, her eyes filled with silent temptation.

When it came to understanding Michael, she was far better than Bianca.

He liked women like Bianca, so she would act the part for him.

"Alright, I don't mind spending the night talking with you." Michael raised an eyebrow, getting up to open the door to the rest area behind him.

It was where he usually took his lunch breaks, fully equipped.

Especially the large bed, which looked about 6 feet wide.

He glanced at her, signaling her to join him in the room.

Since she had gone this far, he was happy to play along and see if she really dared to go in with him.

Isabella clenched her fists, keeping her composure, and walked over calmly.

The moment the door closed, her heart raced, and she nervously swallowed.

But Michael didn't give her a chance to back out, holding her and pressing her onto the large bed.

Michael, with the familiar scent she knew, trapped her beneath him, unable to move.

Isabella suppressed her nervousness.

She reached out her delicate arm to wrap around Michael's neck, her eyes lively and captivating, taking the initiative. "What's the rush?"

Michael's strong arms propped up beside her, only then noticing a special scent on her.

He just took a shallow sniff, and found it nice.

Had she changed her perfume?

But Isabella didn't give him time to think, one hand around his neck, the other sliding down his collar.

Her smooth fingertips teased Michael's body.

Michael's breathing grew heavier.

As she moved, Isabella's camisole strap slipped off.

Her chest was half-exposed, even more eye-catching.

She didn't care, her eyes burning as she looked up at Michael, "Michael, your muscles are so hard, they're hurting my hand."

"Isabella, it's your choice. Don't regret it later." Michael's voice was deep and hoarse, his eyes staring at her like an abyss.

Isabella chuckled, deliberately going against him, "Michael, are you even a man? If I say I regret it, will you let me go?"

"No!" As soon as he finished speaking, Michael lowered his head and kissed her hard.

From the moment Isabella walked in, he had no intention of letting her go.

He kissed her lips, his large hand caressing her slender waist.

Isabella's initiative and beauty made him tense all over.

He wanted to strip her and possess her.

After three years of holding back, he didn't want to wait any longer.

The sound of a phone camera brought Michael back to reality.

Seeing Isabella taking pictures with her phone, he frowned slightly, panting as he asked, "Why are you taking pictures? Do you want to keep them for yourself?"

When Michael leaned in again, Isabella dodged his kiss, pushing him away and getting up.

Her earlier passion and tenderness were gone, replaced by sharpness in her eyes, "You're right, these are rare, of course, I want to keep them for myself."

She adjusted her clothes while sending the intimate photos she just took to Bianca's phone.

Since he cared so much about Bianca's feelings, let her taste what it felt like when she received photos of them.

Michael just stood there watching her do all this.

Then he grabbed her phone, pinning Isabella down on the bed, his body pressing over hers, his fingers gripping her chin, "Is this fun for you?"

Desire dissipated, Michael's body now covered in a cold chill.

No one had ever dared to toy with him like this.

Isabella was the first.

But she wasn't afraid of him, instead, she sneered at him, "It's so much fun toying with you."

Michael's face darkened, his grip tightening, his eyes cold enough to freeze.

Isabella endured the discomfort, letting out three years of pent-up grievances and resentment at this moment. "Michael, I'm telling you, I am definitely getting this divorce. I will leave you, have the child, but you will never be the father."

###chapter 27 Critical Condition Notice

"Really?" Michael stared down at her, his voice cold and devoid of any emotion. "Don't forget, Daniel's life is still waiting for you to save."

"I'll find a way to help my grandfather. You should worry more about yourself right now." Isabella pushed his hand away and escaped while he was distracted.

Michael reached out to pull Isabella back, but suddenly his body became unbearably hot.

Isabella smirked, knowing he couldn't do anything at the moment. "Forgot to tell you, I applied an aphrodisiac on myself. The effects have already kicked in. Don't worry, your first love, Bianca, will be here soon. You two should stay together forever."

With that, she picked up her phone and walked out in front of him.

She wanted Michael to understand how determined she was to divorce him.

He thought he could use Daniel's illness to force her to compromise and submit to him. Itwas daydreaming.

Before the marriage, she wanted him badly.

But now, she wouldn't want him even if he was willing.

As Isabella opened the door, Michael's voice, filled with extreme suppression, came from behind, "Isabella, have you thought about the consequences of leaving like this today?"

Without looking back, she turned the handle. "If you can hold on until tomorrow, we can talk. I'm always ready."

The door slammed shut, and Michael stood by the bed, looking like a demon from hell.

His mind kept replaying her words, gritted through her teeth, that she would divorce him and have children with another man.

What did she take him for? A rag to be thrown away?

He panted heavily, took out his phone, and called Aaron. "From now on, no one is allowed to enter the company building."

After speaking, he threw down the phone and went into the bathroom.

Letting the cold water pour over him from head to toe.

Isabella was right. The moment Bianca saw the photos, she couldn't control herself and rushed to the office building.

That place, that bed, with Isabella and Michael on it.

She wasn't stupid. Once they made love, it was too late for anything.

But she didn't expect to be denied entry when she got downstairs.

Bianca desperately explained her identity, but it was useless. She called Michael, but no one answered.

She called Isabella, but her phone was off.

She was about to lose her mind, screaming and shouting at the elevator entrance.

For three whole years, Michael hadn't touched Isabella once. She thought if she endured a little longer, she would have a chance once they divorced.

She never expected Isabella to seduce Michael at the company.

In the photos, Michael's eyes were filled with desire, looking at Isabella as if he wanted to devour her.

Michael was clearly someone with strong desires.

With both of them naked on the bed, how could nothing have happened?

She couldn't stand that.

It should have been her lying next to Michael. It was Isabella who prevented her from marrying into the Brown Family and being with the man she loved.

Isabella took the place that should have been hers.

She would never let Isabella off.

On the top floor, Michael came out after nearly half an hour of a cold shower.

He had always had strong self-control, but when he smelled the lingering scent of Isabella in the air, he was aroused uncontrollably again.

His mind kept flashing with images of Isabella's soft body and red lips.

And those harsh words she had said.

He took a deep breath, picked up his phone, and decisively went to the outer office.

At that moment, a call came to his phone.

It was Sean, whom Isabella had been looking for in vain.

"Mr. Brown, it's me. I received the medical records you sent." Sean's tone was very polite.

He was nothing like the eccentric person the rumors described.

Michael didn't tell Daniel everything.

He did have a collaboration with Sean's wife, but the premise of this collaboration was that he had saved Sean's wife's life by chance.

Sean had also promised him that he would help with anything he needed.

Michael's voice was still hoarse. "How is it? Can Daniel's illness be cured?"

Sean replied, "Mr. Wilson's illness is indeed a bit tricky, but it's not a problem for me. I'm confident I can save him."

"Then I'll leave it to you." Michael said.

"By the way, Mr. Brown, someone has been inquiring about my whereabouts recently. They didn't reveal their identity, but I can sense that they are very powerful, possibly on par with you."

Michael frowned at this. "I'll arrange for you to enter the country first and stay somewhere untraceable. Before that, I need you to personally examine Mr. Wilson."

"No problem, I was thinking the same." Sean said.

Additionally, Michael instructed him not to contact anyone for the time being and to wait for his message.

He guessed that the force looking for Sean was likely Isabella.

To have connections worldwide meant that neither she nor Daniel could be ordinary people.

He then called Aaron again. "Check all the information about Daniel."

Isabella received a call from her uncle, Holden Wilson, from abroad as soon as she got home.

He said their people had found Sean's address, and he would personally go to invite Sean to treat Daniel in the next couple of days.

Isabella finally felt a weight lifted off her shoulders.

Without Holden, she wouldn't have dared to confront Michael so recklessly last night.

"Ms. Taylor, about your divorce appeal with Mr. Brown..." Seeing Isabella's happy smile, Jesse cautiously reminded her.

He had just learned that Isabella had called him out after three years to divorce Michael!

Now that things were about to go to court, he was really worried it would reach Daniel.

"There's no rush. We'll talk about it after my grandfather's condition stabilizes." Isabella understood Michael's character. He didn't want to give money now, and even if it went to court, he had ways to delay the case.

Rather than wasting time with him, she wanted to see Daniel's condition stabilize before bringing it up again.

But things often take unexpected turns.

Shortly after hanging up, Isabella received a call from one of Daniel's subordinates.

Daniel's condition had worsened, and the hospital had issued a critical condition notice.

Isabella was so scared her legs went weak.

She hurried to the hospital and watched as Daniel was wheeled into the ICU, his eyes closed and face pale. Isabella couldn't hold back her tears.

In this world, Daniel was her closest and dearest family.

Without Daniel, she would have been tormented to death by Harper and Bianca in the Taylor Family.

Now she had to watch Daniel suffer from illness.

How could she not feel heartbroken?

Quickly wiping away her tears, Isabella called Holden, only to hear more bad news.

Sean had left the country overnight, and no one knew where he had gone.

Isabella immediately thought of Michael.

It was him.

Only he could take Sean away under the watchful eyes of so many people.

She couldn't wait any longer.

If Daniel died because she took revenge on Michael, she would never forgive herself.

###chapter 28 Signing the Agreement

Isabella floored the gas pedal, heading straight for Michael's villa.

For the past three years, whenever he wasn't back at the Brown Family, he was at this place.

The house was not far from the Brown Group. She had asked Aaron about his schedule and knew he was home.

The door wasn't locked.

She pushed the door open and went straight in, only to see Michael coming out of the bathroom completely naked.

He had probably just finished showering. Michael was drying his hair with a towel, his long legs stepping out, his perfect body fully exposed in front of her.

Water droplets slid down his muscular abs, trickling over his honey-colored skin, rolling over his abs, and disappearing into his groin.

Isabella almost stopped breathing.

Her face turned bright red.

But even so, she didn't run away; she stood quietly in place.

Arms crossed, she carefully examined Michael in front of her.

His muscles were well-proportioned, with clear lines and textures. Further down, his genitals, wrapped in black underwear, were so large they seemed about to burst through the thin fabric.

In three years of marriage, this was the first time she had seen him completely.

Her mind couldn't help but recall the thrilling scene from last night.

If she hadn't stopped that kiss in time, she was really afraid Michael would have had sex with her.

Knowing she couldn't let her thoughts run wild, Isabella closed her eyes and gritted her teeth. "Michael, do you have some kind of exhibitionist fetish? Can you put on some clothes before coming out?"

Michael had seen her early on. He sneered and calmly wrapped the towel around his waist, covering himself. "You sure know how to wrong me. Do you even realize whose lands you're on?"

As he spoke, he took a step forward, trapping Isabella against the wall. His large hand caressed her cheek, his voice low. "You rushed over here so eagerly. Do you want to continue what we didn't finish last night?"

Isabella's face tightened.

She almost forgot that Michael loved to hold grudges. The way she treated him last night, he would probably pay her back tenfold today.

But even so, she had no choice.

Knowing what was about to happen, Isabella swallowed hard and still said, "If I say continue, will you keep your promise?"

After speaking, she tightly closed her eyes, knowing that even if they continued, Michael wouldn't let it go just like that.

Sure enough, after hearing her, Michael let out a cold laugh from his throat.

He stepped back, put on a bathrobe, and sat in front of her, leisurely lighting a cigarette in her presence.

The white smoke obscured his exquisite features and hid the raging anger in his eyes. "Toying with me is fun, isn't it? You want to do it again?"

"Michael, I didn't..." Isabella tried to explain.

"Get out!" Michael interrupted her.

Isabella bit her lip, suddenly thinking of something.

Michael liked Bianca so much; they must have made love in that room last night.

She was too reckless, provoking him and now having to beg him.

Isabella couldn't leave.

She came in front of him, barely meeting Michael's eyes as he sat. "Last night was my fault."

He sat in front of her, hearing her apology, a slight surprise in his eyes.

Then he returned to his cold demeanor, sneering, "You think one apology will make me forgive you?"

Isabella knew she couldn't turn hostile. Daniel was still waiting for her to save.

She had to endure.

But she also knew that Sean must be in his hands right now. He deliberately hid Sean so she couldn't find him.

He was pretending to be innocent.

In the end, he just wanted to see her beg.

IIsabella truly wanted to give in.

"I was really wrong, Michael. Please forgive me this time." Isabella lowered her head, her voice hoarse.

At that moment, Michael suddenly leaned in, staring at her red lips, getting closer and closer.

Seeing he was about to kiss her, Isabella had no choice but to compromise.

Before she could feel the soft touch, suddenly, her waist tightened as something pinched her hard.

"It hurts." Isabella widened her eyes at him, covering her lower back and instinctively stepping back.

Michael probably liked to play some other tricks.

Michael gave her a cold look and ordered, "Come here and dry my hair."

"Is that all?" Isabella asked in disbelief.

Michael curled his lips, a mocking laugh escaping. "You wish. I'm just testing your sincerity. We'll talk about it later."

Isabella angrily gripped the towel in her hand.

She thought, 'So, he found it fun to tease me? Just wait. Once Daniel's illness is cured, I'll see how to get back to him.'

She stood beside him, pressing the entire towel on his head. With a bit of force, Michael became displeased. "Dry it properly. Don't forget why you're here."

Isabella didn't dare disobey, her fingers gently pressing on his head.

Neither of them spoke, the air filled only with their shallow breaths.

From her angle, Michael had his eyes closed, his long eyelashes subtly reacting to her movements.

Sunlight poured in from outside, adding a touch of warmth to the scene.

"Alright, it's done." Isabella didn't like the warm atmosphere between them. If they could get along so harmoniously, why was it now?

Just as she was about to dodge, her wrist was grabbed by a strong force.

In an instant, she was pressed onto the bed, Michael hovering above her, his breath hot as he looked at her. "Aren't you here to make peace? Why are you dodging?"

Michael's bathrobe was wide open, revealing the texture of his skin inside.

Isabella was momentarily at a loss for words but forced herself to stay calm. "Didn't you have something to say to me? Let me go first."

He raised an eyebrow, getting even closer, his voice ambiguous. "We can do it in bed."

Isabella blushed instantly.

Michael was already aroused.

Isabella thought, 'Didn't he just have sex with Bianca yesterday?'

"You want me to hand over Sean, but you have to sign an agreement first." Even though his body had reactions for her, Michael's voice remained calm when he spoke.

"What agreement?" Isabella sat up, her expression becoming tense.

Michael took a document from the drawer and handed it to her.

Isabella opened it and saw four clear terms written on it.

1. No private interactions with any other men.

2. No more talk of divorce.

3. Starting tomorrow, she would move in and live with him.

4. The child must be his; she couldn't have someone else's.

Looking at the four terms listed, Isabella couldn't help but twitch her mouth.

Michael must have known she would come and prepared this for her in advance, right?

She bit her lip, staying silent. Michael's voice suddenly turned cold. "If you don't agree, you can leave now!"

Isabella said, "The first two terms are fine, but what do the third and fourth mean? I move in with you, and then what? For how long? And the child, I'm not considering that for now."

###chapter 29 So Eager?

"You'll stay as long as I say." Michael raised an eyebrow, clearly not planning to let her off the hook. "As for the child, isn't that what you wanted most from me?"

"Isabella, my patience is limited." Michael's calm demeanor belied the cold-blooded words he spoke.

Isabella knew that if she didn't sign, Daniel's condition wouldn't hold until she found Sean.

In front of Michael, she had no choice.

"Fine." If signing could save Daniel, she was willing to be used as a bargaining chip.

Isabella quickly signed her name and then looked at Michael urgently, "My grandfather received a critical condition notice at the hospital. Where is Sean now?"

Michael glanced at his watch, "He's already at the hospital."

"You..." Isabella realized she had been played.

He had planned everything, just waiting for her to fall into the trap.

Bastard! How could she have trusted him?

Michael acted as if he didn't notice her change in expression. He put away the agreement, stood up, and looked down at her, "Go take a shower."

The oppressive look in his eyes was just like last night when she had drugged him at the company.

Isabella shivered involuntarily.

The agreement was already signed.

Now, whatever Michael did to her was justified.

As long as Daniel was okay, she didn't care!

She would just consider it as sleeping with a top male model. It wouldn't have to be a loss for her.

Isabella went into the bathroom and slammed the door shut.

But she didn't know that the bathroom door was semi-transparent, and her graceful figure was faintly visible to Michael inside the room.

Michael's throat tightened.

He had only intended to provoke her, but now he was the one suffering.

Her scent still lingered at his nose, and Michael felt restless. He had to light a cigarette to suppress his desire.

Inside the bathroom.

Isabella deliberately slowed down. Just then, her phone rang.

It was Daniel's subordinate, Chris.

Isabella quickly grabbed a towel and answered the call.

She was afraid something had happened to Daniel.

Fortunately, the news was good. Chris said, "Ms. Taylor, Mr. Wilson's surgery was successful. The doctor said he's not in immediate danger."

"Really? My grandfather is finally out of danger." Isabella sighed in relief.

Chris continued, "Ms. Taylor, Mr. Daniel Wilson is still unconscious. The Wilson Group is unstable and needs someone to take charge. Also, the Brown Group is pressing hard. The Group is in a difficult situation."

Isabella instinctively glanced outside while holding the phone.

She whispered to Chris, "Chris, inform everyone that I will attend the shareholders' meeting tomorrow on time. Also, put the southern expansion on hold. We'll discuss everything after my grandfather recovers."

At times like this, she needed to stay calm.

With Daniel absent, she had to guard everything at the Wilson Group.

As long as she was there, she wouldn't let anyone take it away.

Once Daniel's condition stabilized, she wouldn't let Michael get away.

Chris said, "Understood. One more thing, Mr. Holden Wilson's search for Sean has been discovered by Mr. Brown's people. He might already be suspicious of you. If he finds out about Mr. Daniel Wilson, your identity will be exposed. Since Mr. Brown will find out sooner or later, why not tell him yourself? That way, Mr. Brown won't target the Wilson Group anymore."

Tell Michael?

That thought had never crossed her mind.

This agreement was temporary. Once Daniel recovered, she would still divorce him.

That wouldn't change.

If she took over the Wilson Group, she and Michael would be business rivals in the future, possibly competing for projects.

"Chris, I'll handle this. Don't worry about him. Remember to pick me up early tomorrow." Ending the call, Isabella felt much better.

The heavy burden on her heart was finally lifted.

She knew Sean's capabilities. With him, there would be a way to cure Daniel.

Feeling relaxed, she took a comfortable shower and even started singing.

Michael, sitting on the bed, heard the singing and thought he was hearing things. She wasn't like this when she signed the agreement. Was it because of Daniel?

Just finding Sean made her content.

It seemed he owed her too much in the past.

Shaking his head, he stubbed out his cigarette and left the room.

When Isabella came out of the bathroom, she realized she had no change of clothes, and the only set she had was wet.

She decided to pick a white shirt from Michael's wardrobe.

Michael, being nearly 6 feet tall, had shirts that Isabella could wear as a dress, just long enough to cover her butt, eliminating the need for pants.

Buttoning up, she casually tossed her long hair, revealing her slender neck and collarbone.

The collar was too wide for her, exposing half of her shoulder to the air.

Her skin was delicate and alluring.

"I'm so good-looking with a great figure. Everybody loves me. Michael must be blind." Isabella couldn't help but sigh in front of the mirror.

After that, she shook her head, thinking of Michael who could appear at any moment, and wrapped herself in a bathrobe.

Michael was about to enter when he heard her words, and couldn't help but twitch his mouth.

The next second, Michael walked in and saw Isabella wrapped tightly in a bathrobe, only her long legs exposed.

His eyes darkened.

Isabella cleared her throat, "I'm done. If you don't need anything, I'll go to another room."

After last night's ordeal, she was extremely sleep-deprived.

But she knew the agreement only allowed her to stay here, not necessarily in his room.

Just as she was about to leave, Michael stopped her. "Stay."

"What is it?" she asked.

"Playing dumb won't work with me. Come here!" Michael's eyes narrowed, not buying her act. He patted his thigh, "Sit here. You know what to do, don't you?"

Isabella gritted her teeth, knowing Michael was getting back at her for last night.

But she had no choice.

It was frustrating.

She walked over slowly.

Avoiding eye contact, she sat on his lap, took a deep breath, and pushed Michael from the bed's edge onto the bed.

Her hands pressed against his chest.

Michael's eyes darkened, his suppressed desire ignited by her actions.

He gripped her waist and smirked, "You're so eager?"

"Take it easy, there's more to come." Isabella straddled his lean waist, her bathrobe slipping halfway off, the shirt underneath barely covering the essentials.

But it couldn't hide her alluring curves.

###chapter 30 A Qualified Wife

Her nimble little hand roamed over his well-defined chest muscles, teasingly asking him, "Did Bianca serve you like this last night too?"

Both of them were wearing bathrobes, and the moment their skin touched, it was like an electric shock, causing Michael's breath to quicken.

The room was filled with an ambiguous atmosphere.

Michael grabbed her mischievous hand, his voice hoarse, "She was much more skilled than you."

"Oh, really?" Isabella sneered, her face indifferent.

Michael couldn't stand her nonchalant tone. He leaned over and pressed Isabella beneath him.

His whole body was burning with desire, and he wished he could merge her into his body right then.

His passionate and domineering kiss took her breath away. Just as Isabella was about to break through the final barrier, she wrapped her arms around his neck and whispered softly in his ear. "Michael, I'm on my period."

"Michael, I'm on my period."

She thought, 'Go find Bianca if she's better.'

It was like a bucket of cold water was poured over him, and Michael's desire was instantly suppressed.

Michael's face was dark and stormy at that moment.

His chest heaved violently, angered by her.

He stared at her coldly for a few seconds, then lowered his head and bit her neck hard, his voice low and hoarse, "You better really be on your period."

With that, he quickly got up and moved away from her.

"Or what, are you going to check?" Isabella blinked and asked.

Michael's face turned even darker.

Isabella took out her phone, "Already angry? Didn't you say Bianca was more skilled? Since she serves you better and is the one you like, why not call her over to help you, how about that? Of course, you don't have to worry about my presence. Although we have an agreement, I won't be jealous like before. You can completely pretend I don't exist."

Isabella really intended to hand him over to Bianca.

If it were before, she wouldn't have been able to bear it.

Michael didn't go far, still standing by the bed. His bathrobe was deliberately pulled open, revealing his sexy and strong body.

But his gaze towards Isabella was icy cold.

He sneered, "You really are a qualified wife, pushing me towards Bianca."

He had seen her do such things with his own eyes, which made Michael feel extremely irritated.

He couldn't hold on for even a second.

He grabbed his clothes and slammed the door as he left.

In the large master bedroom, only Isabella was left.

When she heard the sound of the car outside, she finally put away her smug expression and lay weakly on the bed as if all her strength had been drained.

She had no other choice.

But why did her heart hurt so much when she saw Michael leave angrily?

Isabella buried her face in the pillow, breathing in Michael's masculine scent.

Fresh and clean.

She tried not to think about where Michael drove off to and who he went to find, then forced herself to focus on what would happen tomorrow.

.

Before marrying Michael, she was the envy of everyone as the young lady of the Wilson Family. Daniel treated her like a treasure, and her five uncles pampered her like a precious gem.

None of her uncles were interested in business, so she was naturally seen as the sole heir to the Wilson Family's empire.

She used to be bright and proud, with a touch of Daniel's style in her words and actions, passionate and domineering.

In the past three years, her name had suddenly disappeared from the eastern part of Valoria.

Some people secretly gossiped that she was too greedy, not only wanting to take over the Wilson Family but also trying to seize the ownership of her five uncles.

That was why she was stripped of her heir status and exiled.

Some even boldly speculated that she had been assassinated.

Her disappearance was just to cover up the traces.

But no one really knew that in the past three years, she had married Michael.

Michael, who had never had feelings for her in those three years.

Three years later, the Wilson Family faced another crisis. Daniel was in a coma in the hospital, and her uncles were all abroad, each with their own businesses and influence, well-established for many years.

The only one in the country, Thomas, had no interest in inheriting the family business.

He even saw it as a burden.

Many shareholders in the Wilson Group wanted to take that position.

Isabella couldn't help but think of what Daniel had told her.

The Wilson Group's foundation was built by him and a few brothers who had gone through life and death together. Even if it was to be handed over to the next generation, it had to be someone capable enough to command respect.

Only by earning everyone's respect could they go far.

In Daniel's heart, he hoped she could be the sole heir, believing in her ability.

Only she could protect the Wilson Family's empire.

But he also didn't want her to bear too much pressure too early.

It was because of his strict education with Grace that a little bit of tenderness from Indigo had won Grace over.

In Daniel's heart, he hoped Isabella could live happily according to her own wishes.

Not forced to take on the family's responsibilities because of her uncles' reluctance.

So over the years, even though his health was poor, he had always held on to manage the Wilson Group as its president.

Looking at the only photo of Daniel and Grace when they were young on her phone, Isabella felt complicated.

In the photo, Grace was wearing a dress, looking very young. Grace was holding Daniel's arm like a child, sitting on a swing in the garden.

Daniel didn't look as old as he did now. His eyes were sharp, mature, and charming, looking like he was in his forties.

But now, Daniel was lying in bed, unconscious.

His body and energy were no longer what they used to be.

Daniel had only one daughter, Grace, in his life, and he loved her dearly.

She couldn't imagine how heartbroken and pained Daniel must have been to find Grace after searching for so long, only to lose her.

At that time, she could only watch as Harper and Bianca entered the Taylor Family, driving Grace to her death, with Indigo coldly watching from the side.

She would never and could never forget that scene.

She wouldn't let any member of the Taylor Family off.

She knew Daniel didn't want to take action against the Taylor Family back then because he didn't want her to harbor hatred, but now she had grown up and could handle things on her own.

Looking at the photo of Daniel, Isabella softly said, "Grandpa, I couldn't protect Mom before, but this time, I won't let you leave me. Let me protect you and the Wilson Family."

After a long day, Isabella fell asleep on Michael's bed, holding her phone.

When she woke up the next day, she almost missed the time to go to the company.

Fortunately, Chris called and had prepared a suit and speech for her.

Isabella washed her face and sent her location to Chris.

Meanwhile, inside the Wilson Group.

The large conference room was noisy.

Hearing that the Wilson Family's heir, who had been missing for three years, was returning to take charge, everyone was shocked.

###chapter 31 Establishing Authority

Daniel only had one daughter, Grace.

Isabella disappeared for three years, and even many high-level executives and board members within the company had never seen this rumored heir of the Wilson Family.

People speculated that, despite being Daniel's granddaughter, Isabella had no real authority.

She was just a figurehead.

Otherwise, how could Isabella have no news for three years and suddenly appear now?

Some even guessed that this Isabella might not be Daniel's granddaughter at all, but rather a woman Daniel found outside to pose as his granddaughter.

Daniel thought it would sound bad if the truth got out, so he deliberately fabricated this false identity.

No one knew what the two of them were doing behind the scenes.

The men present laughed a couple of times, exchanging glances.

After all, Daniel made his name and fortune through gambling.

Decades ago, the borders of Valoria were not as strictly managed as they were now, and local powers could practically rule their own territories.

They had absolute control.

Daniel, young and ambitious at the time, was recruited by a local overlord because of his impressive skills and became part of his family.

Later, Daniel successfully took over the local power.

In the following decade, Daniel foresaw the changing landscape and transitioned early, founding the Wilson Group with his close associates.

Daniel grew the company into a powerhouse, becoming the undisputed overlord of eastern Valoria with his strong capabilities and exceptional foresight.

In eastern Valoria, the Wilson Family was enough to instill fear.

Most of the board members in the group were friends who had fought alongside Daniel. They had mostly not received formal education and were used to a life without oversight from a young age.

After years of good times, they had changed.

They relied on their long tenure in the company to act arrogantly, often hiring people unrelated to the work for the sake of personal connections.

Over time, this led to various conflicts within the Wilson Group.

After the earlier speculations, no one took Isabella seriously.

Some even said, "A woman who only knows how to serve men, how dare she take over the entire Wilson Group."

Before the words even settled, there was a loud thud.

A man was kicked into the wall and then rolled to the ground.

The entire conference room fell silent.

Everyone's eyes turned to Isabella, who had suddenly entered the room.

Isabella was dressed in a white suit, with a matching pencil skirt that accentuated her graceful curves and slender legs.

Her curly hair cascaded over her shoulders, and her exquisite eye makeup and bold red lips exuded a domineering aura similar to Daniel's.

Everyone realized her identity.

They didn't dare to make a sound because they saw the man standing behind Isabella.

It was Chris, Daniel's trusted subordinate for many years.

Many of Daniel's orders were issued through him.

Chris's presence was enough to represent Daniel's intentions.

Isabella coldly glanced at the man on the ground who couldn't get up, "Chris, this man is no longer needed in the company. Make him disappear from the Wilson Group."

"Yes, Ms. Taylor."

"You dare to fire me?" Barry Myers struggled to stand up, leaning against the wall. He recognized who she was and, thinking about the kick just now, his face turned pale with anger.

Barry had always been arrogant in the company, and no one had ever dared to speak to him like that.

Even Daniel would give him some face for old times' sake.

"Open your eyes and see clearly. When I was facing danger with Mr. Wilson, you didn't even know where you were." Barry said.

Isabella sneered. Before she came, Chris had already given her the personnel list.

She walked up to Barry, looking down at him with cold eyes, her high heels clicking on the floor. "If it weren't for your relationship with my grandfather, you would be lying in a hospital right now. Either I shut your mouth, or I shut you down!"

Isabella's voice was calm, but the inherent threat in her words sent chills down everyone's spine.

After all, they knew very well who was backing her, given that she could bring Chris along.

Barry on the ground clearly didn't expect Isabella to be so tough. He leaned against the wall with one hand and held his waist with the other, trembling as he walked out, not forgetting to leave a parting shot, "Don't get too cocky. I won't let you off."

Isabella didn't even bother to look at him.

Before getting married, she had been through a lot.

No one in the Wilson Family was raised to be easily intimidated.

Then she calmly walked to the main seat, and Chris efficiently pulled out the chair for her.

Isabella sat down confidently, her hands folded on the table, wearing the family crest ring that symbolized the highest status in the Wilson Family on her index finger.

The dazzling sapphire reflected light into everyone's eyes.

Everyone gasped.

That was Daniel's ring.

It was also the symbol of the next heir to the Wilson Group.

Daniel hadn't even considered his own sons, and now he had truly given the heir position to Isabella?

Isabella looked like she was just in her early twenties.

But the dominance and coldness in her eyes made everyone below not dare to speak.

If they really opposed her, they didn't have much substantial power in their hands. If their shares were stripped away, they would have nothing left.

Isabella glanced around.

She tapped the table lightly and said coldly, "I've already familiarized myself with your identities. You should have guessed who I am. Let me formally introduce myself. My name is Isabella, and I am the granddaughter of Chairman Daniel. From today onwards, I will be the president of the Wilson Group."

Then Isabella's gaze swept around the room, her calm demeanor carrying a sharp edge, every move reminiscent of Daniel. "If you have any questions, you can ask them now. I don't like scheming behind my back."

From beginning to end, Chris stood respectfully behind Isabella.

He only leaned in to listen when Isabella gave him instructions.

Now everyone believed that Isabella was indeed Daniel's granddaughter.

She didn't even blink when she kicked Barry out, and Chris didn't even ask for a reason, just followed orders.

It was clear that Daniel had made up his mind.

Isabella was the future head of the Wilson Group.

With this identity, who would dare to oppose Isabella? It would be courting death.

Seeing no one speak, Isabella glanced at the time and signaled to Chris.

The meeting officially began.

Chris, who was very familiar with the company's internal affairs, quickly directed everyone's attention to the crisis of the Wilson Group's expansion into southern Valoria.

###chapter 32 Building Momentum

The Brown Group and the Wilson Group originally intended to collaborate to acquire ownership of a small offshore island, aiming to create a unique landmark facility in Evergreen City that combined entertainment and leisure.

As soon as the proposal was issued, nearly half of the Brown Group voted in favor.

But now, with Daniel seriously ill and hospitalized, coupled with the unfamiliar territory of southern Valoria, the stock market has been sluggish.

The Brown Group now needed a strong partner to stabilize the situation, and the offshore island project had become the best stepping stone.

Others couldn't see it, but Isabella could spot the problem at a glance.

Michael's scheme was too obvious.

"You all see it too. The Brown Group is waiting for us to invest in this island, but if we really do that, all of the company's funds will be tied up. Then, the Brown Group will target our other assets, and we'll be left with an undeveloped island. You all should know what the outcome for the Wilson Group would be then."

Isabella analyzed the pros and cons one by one.

Her words were not harsh, but each one hit the mark.

The Wilson Group's stock had been sluggish due to its expansion into southern Valoria. If nothing was done, the group's funds would shrink.

Everyone present was a shareholder receiving dividends; who could tolerate losing money like this?

In hindsight, they shouldn't have come to southern Valoria.

They were thriving in eastern Valoria, but everything changed when they came to the south.

"So what do you suggest? If we don't cooperate, are we just going to watch the group's funds drain away?"

Everyone present was shrewd. Since Isabella had taken the position of president, she naturally had to bear this responsibility.

Isabella glanced around and decisively said, "First, I completely reject the offshore project. Second, we can take over other projects in the stock market, such as investing in education and healthcare in the northern remote areas of southern Valoria, while conducting extensive publicity and collaborating with local charitable organizations."

"We need cooperation to save the group's reputation. Doing charity means spending money; we're not stupid."

"I also disagree. The group is already facing a financial shrinkage, and now you want to invest in education? We can't live on ideals alone."

As soon as they heard about spending money, everyone objected.

But due to Isabella's position, they didn't dare to speak out directly and could only make sarcastic remarks.

Isabella didn't care about these. She was here to solve the Wilson Group's predicament, not to compete with everyone. "If you only care about immediate profits, then the money is dead. The Wilson Group got to where it is today because of my grandfather's unique vision and investment, not by hoarding money and not daring to try."

Isabella's words were firm.

She didn't give them a chance to refuse, "Before coming here, I had already reached a cooperation agreement with Nexus Global Enterprises and Hope Haven Foundation on the way. These two have promised that as long as we establish a base locally, they will concentrate their investments, and our problems will be solved. By then, our options won't be limited to the prosperous areas of southern Valoria but will extend to the entire northern part of southern Valoria."

Everyone was stunned.

They had thought Isabella was just talking.

They didn't expect her to have thought out the plan, strategy, and future so clearly.

She was indeed the heir personally groomed by Daniel.

This kind of execution power was not something ordinary people possessed.

Moreover, Nexus Global Enterprises and Hope Haven Foundation were both well-established companies in southern Valoria, especially Hope Haven Foundation, which had strong government support.

Even if they cooperated, there would be no conflicts with the Brown Group.

Securing sponsorship from these two companies would fundamentally eliminate many troubles.

It was a real move into the southern Valoria industry.

"As for the ownership of that island, let the Brown Group have it. Once our group is firmly established in southern Valoria, we will settle the score." Isabella squinted her eyes, slowly turning the sapphire ring on her finger.

"That may be true, but southern Valoria is the Brown Family's territory. If we just leave, outsiders will think we conceded to Michael and ran off to the remote northern Valoria to develop."

Although Daniel and Aiden had a deep friendship, things were different now.

The Brown Group was now controlled by Michael.

Business was brutal, with interests at the forefront. Who would care about the previous generation's friendship? Moreover, the Wilson Group's expansion into the south was kept secret by Daniel.

No one would know unless it was mentioned.

"Who said I conceded?" Isabella slammed her hand on the table, her fighting spirit ignited, "Just wait and see. The southern Valoria market will definitely bear the Wilson Group's name in the future."

A year ago, Daniel brought the company to southern Valoria for her.

For three years, she was alone in Evergreen City. Daniel was worried she would be bullied without support, so he made this decision a year ago.

"Today, I let the Brown Group take a step. In the future, I will make Michael willingly return everything a hundredfold!"

It wasn't just the Wilson Group's feud but also her three-year marrige.

She would make Michael return everything.

The room fell silent.

No one raised objections.

Isabella was indeed the heir personally groomed by Daniel.

Her courage was strong enough.

She wasn't even afraid of a devil like Michael.

"By the way, I forgot to tell you, my grandfather's health was not good a few days ago, but he had surgery last night, and it was very successful. If any of you are not optimistic about the Wilson Group's future development, you can resign now, and I will buy back the shares at the highest price. But..." Isabella paused, her gaze sweeping over everyone with a sense of pressure. "If anyone dares to cause trouble within the company at this time, I may not be able to do anything to you, but my grandfather is different. He has always hated betrayal, especially from those close to him. You should know better than me what he would do."

As soon as she finished speaking, the large conference room fell into a deathly silence.

Everyone's expressions varied, but they were all pale.

Especially the older shareholders.

Who wouldn't shiver at the thought of Daniel's ruthlessness back then? Someone who climbed from the bottom to the top couldn't be an ordinary person.

Although hitting people was illegal, Daniel didn't need to lift a finger to make someone disappear from Evergreen City.

Everyone was completely convinced this time.

They no longer dared to have any objections.

After a whole morning of meetings, Isabella returned to her office, exhausted with a sore neck, eyes, and head.

But the end of the meeting didn't mean the problems were solved.

She still had to review the documents and contracts sent by the secretarial department one by one.

###chapter 33 What If Isabella Finds Out

Chris was helping on the side, looking at the documents and said, "Ms. Taylor, the project on compassionate education and healthcare proposed at the meeting earlier, the planning department suggests getting a celebrity to endorse it to maximize the benefits."

Isabella nodded after hearing this, "That's a good idea. The spokesperson should be someone well-known and reputable, so we can trial it on multiple platforms later. Does the planning department have any suitable candidates?"

Chris found the previously submitted proposal from the documents.

Isabella opened the first page and the first name she saw was Bianca.

A series of praises and awards were listed below.

"A piano prodigy returned from abroad..." Isabella sneered. She had to admit that the industry was quite murky these days. Bianca, being a mistress who was keen on stealing other people's husbands, had become a hot star.

Not to mention, her endorsement fees were very high.

From Chris's angle, he only saw a photo on top and assumed Isabella didn't like Bianca, so he mentioned another candidate.

A newly awarded star in the industry, Calla Griffin.

She had decent skills, and since she was a newcomer, her endorsement fee was low.

Only half of Bianca's.

Isabella looked through it carefully and made a decision, "Let's go with her, Calla. The first one is out of consideration."

"Alright." Chris put away the documents, removed Bianca's profile from the file, and threw it directly into the trash can.

He clearly saw Isabella's disgust earlier. "Ms. Taylor, tonight is your first day back with the Wilson Family. The Wilson Group will host a charity banquet at the best hotel in Evergreen City tonight. As the current head of the Wilson Group, you need to attend. Additionally, the Brown Family will also be invited."

"Okay, I got it."

Upon learning that she was removed from the Wilson Group's endorsement and permanently cut off from cooperation, Bianca was so angry that she threw everything in the room to the floor.

Ever since she encountered that bitch Isabella, her luck had been extremely bad.

After studying abroad for three years, she thought she could rely on Michael's favoritism to drive Isabella out of the Brown Family and take the position of Mrs. Brown.

But she never expected Isabella to be so bold as to climb into Michael's bed in the middle of the night.

That photo of the two passionately kissing made her want to kill Isabella every time she looked at it.

Michael should have been her man.

Isabella stole him from her.

Since Isabella sent that photo, she had wanted to meet Michael countless times to ask what really happened that night.

But for some reason, Michael never answered her calls.

He didn't even reply to her messages.

She had tried calling Isabella, but that bitch had blocked her.

She always thought Michael cared about her. Otherwise, he wouldn't have helped the Scott Family just because of her words. But she never expected...

This morning, she received news that the entire Scott Family had disappeared overnight in Evergreen City.

And the person behind it was Michael.

How could she not be jealous? So she had her agent deliberately submit her profile to the Wilson Group, the current rival of the Brown Group.

She just wanted to get Michael's attention.

She just needed him to coax her a little.

But now, she, a dignified piano prodigy, was rejected by an insignificant small company.

Simply outrageous.

Bianca called her agency to ask why and learned that it was because the Wilson Group had a new president, who had removed her endorsement.

She was even angrier.

"What Wilson Family heir? Who knows where this imposter came from, not even recognizing me." Bianca's eyes turned red with anger at whatever the agent said on the other end, "A person who disappeared for three years, isuddenly reappears and becomes the heir of the entire Wilson Group!"

Outside the door, Harper heard Bianca's venomous cursing and quickly covered the phone, giving her a look.

With a gentle voice, she walked in, "Bianca, Mrs. Brown is looking for you."

Bianca hurriedly hung up her phone, took Harper's phone, and instantly transformed into a well-behaved and obedient persona.

On the call, Stella informed her that there would be a grand charity banquet at the Evergreen City hotel tonight.

Anyone with status in the business world would attend.

Naturally, Michael would be there too, but he happened to be in need of a suitable and sensible companion.

Stella immediately thought of Bianca.

Bianca was, of course, willing to see Michael.

Even if he and Isabella had a moment of impulsive intimacy, she still believed it was all Isabella's fault for seducing Michael.

Moreover, attending such an event would not only allow her to get close to Michael but also benefit her career.

Tonight, she wanted to be the most dazzling leading lady at the event.

By then, Michael's eyes would surely be on her.

After hanging up the phone, Bianca went to a luxury store to purchase an expensive dress and jewelry that would highlight her status.

Meanwhile, at the top floor of the Brown Group building, Michael received a call personally from Chris.

The ownership of the joint development project of the offshore island with the Brown Group was terminated.

In the office, Michael hung up the phone with a dark expression, a cold smile playing on his lips.

This outcome was unexpected.

The Wilson Group was a company on the brink of collapse, yet they had the audacity to take another gamble at this point.

The reason for this change was merely because of an unknown "Miss Wilson."

"Mr. Brown, the Wilson Family has sent an invitation to the banquet. It's said that the mysterious heir of the Wilson Group will also be present. Moreover, to attract attention and investment, they are showcasing a treasured item that the Wilson Family has kept for years as the highlight of the event." Aaron reported everything in detail.

Michael, staring at the stock price trends on his computer, had little interest in this Miss Wilson.

But she shouldn't have harmed his interests.

Losing something that was almost in his grasp made him very angry.

The consequences would be severe.

Michael's eyes darkened, "You sure that the Wilson Family heir will attend the banquet?"

Aaron said, "There's a ninety percent chance. This banquet also serves another purpose: to announce the new president of the Wilson Group to the public. Even the auction item is said to be one of the most important treasures of this heir. The reason for the auction is unclear, but it shows how much the Wilson Family values this banquet."

That mysterious heir would definitely appear.

Just as Michael was about to nod, Aaron suddenly reminded him in a low voice, "Additionally, Mr. Brown, Mrs. Stella Brown called earlier, asking you to bring Ms. Taylor to the banquet and to bid on the highlight item as an engagement gift for Ms. Taylor."

Michael frowned.

After a moment, he raised his hand and instructed, "Follow Mrs. Stella Brown's arrangements. Tonight, I want to see who this Wilson Family heir really is."

Hearing this, Aaron was stunned, "Mr. Brown, are you sure you want Ms. Taylor to attend? If Mrs. Isabella Brown finds out..."

Isabella was already very sensitive about their relationship.

It had reached the point of divorce. If Michael continued to stir things up...

He might really lose Isabella.

###chapter 34 Charity Gala

"Since when does she not know my whereabouts?" Michael, feeling irritated, tugged at his tie. "Since I can't hide it, let's just do what needs to be done."

Aaron immediately understood. "Yes, Mr. Brown. I'll discreetly let Mrs. Brown know about tonight's banquet."

Michael was once again trying to provoke Isabella's sense of crisis.

But he always felt that this method might work once or twice, but over time, wouldn't it make Isabella more likely to leave him?

At 9 PM, the charity banquet was held on the top floor of The Grand Majestic Hotel.

It was said that the last time this floor was reserved was when a royal family from a certain country visited, and the hotel made an exception to allow a two-hour event.

This time, the Wilson Family had reserved the entire evening.

The power behind this was evident.

Because of the high standards here, even the reception staff and waiters were dressed in high-end custom uniforms that couldn't be seen elsewhere, and they had to meet certain appearance and body proportion requirements.

Both men and women wore light blue uniforms, carried themselves elegantly, and behaved appropriately, making them quite pleasing to the eye.

So when Bianca appeared in a light blue evening gown, it was particularly awkward.

The Taylor Family was also an upper-middle-class family, but she rarely attended such events, let alone the top floor of the hotel that was never easily accessible to outsiders.

She had spent nearly a million dollars to choose a dress that would highlight her gentle demeanor.

The color of the dress clashed with the uniforms of the waitstaff, making her feel very embarrassed.

Standing next to Michael, she gritted her teeth, wanting to turn and leave, but she couldn't bear to leave Michael.

Michael didn't say anything.

His gaze didn't linger on her for more than a second.

Michael's appearance caused a huge stir at the event.

Just mentioning the name Michael was enough to send chills down people's spines in Evergreen City.

After a brief speech, the charity banquet began on time.

Everyone instinctively made way for the best seats, and Michael sat down without hesitation, while Bianca shyly took a seat next to him.

Their intimate behavior naturally drew a lot of attention, and some reporters even took out their cameras and started snapping photos.

After all, their relationship had been the subject of speculation before.

This time, Michael bringing Bianca as his date was almost an acknowledgment of their rekindled romance.

Noticing the photographers, Bianca subtly leaned closer to Michael, using the angle to make it look like they were kissing in public.

Strangely, this time Michael didn't stop the reporters from taking photos.

In the past, their relationship was only rumored within the elite circles, and the media didn't dare to reveal anything due to Michael's power and influence.

But today, with Michael's "indulgence," their relationship was now confirmed.

"Michael, I recently applied to be the spokesperson for the Wilson Group's project, but their new CEO removed me. I don't know if I offended her somehow. Can you help me?" Bianca gently tugged at Michael's sleeve, her voice soft and coquettish.

Michael glanced at her, his voice cold. "Do you think I'm close with her?"

"But isn't Aiden..."

"In business, there's no room for personal relationships. The Wilson Group and I are competitors now!" Michael withdrew his hand and leaned back.

"I really didn't know that." Bianca bit her lip and apologized. "Michael, if I had known about the competition between you two, I wouldn't have applied to the Wilson Group. So, is the new CEO of the Wilson Group hostile towards me because she knows about our relationship?"

Bianca didn't say anything more.

She just needed to shift the conflict to the Wilson Group, and Michael would naturally back her up.

"It's just a spokesperson role. I'll have Aaron arrange something else for you." When Michael was a child, he was kidnapped and nearly killed, and it was Bianca who took a fatal blow for him.

This left her physically weak for years.

So as long as she didn't go too far, he would generally accommodate her.

But only with money.

And Bianca was well aware of this, which was why she could repeatedly test Michael's limits.

Her only regret was that three years ago, she didn't use this to successfully sleep with Michael, giving Isabella an opportunity.

But as long as she was around, Isabella would never be able to enter Michael's heart.

As long as she had the patience to wait, becoming Michael's wife was only a matter of time.

After tonight, everyone would know that she, Bianca, was the one Michael loved.

Isabella was just a lowly person, unloved and unwanted.

Isabella was no match for Bianca.

Just like now.

Bianca was sitting next to Michael.

Under the spotlight, Bianca enjoyed the honor of being Michael's date until the auction reached its climax.

At that moment, the smile on Bianca's face instantly disappeared.

It was replaced by shock and anger.

All the flashlights focused on the center of the stage, where a man and a woman slowly walked out from behind the scenes. They were the hosts of the banquet, the Wilson Family members.

Isabella, in a black sequined mermaid gown, walked to the center of the stage, holding Thomas's arm.

She had a strong presence, and the lighting and her dress only accentuated her noble aura as an heir.

Especially the big red diamond necklace on her collarbone.

Just the luster and size of it made everyone present gasp.

Thomas, in an elegant white tailcoat, stood beside Isabella like a noble knight protecting her.

Particularly the way he looked at Isabella, with tenderness and affection.

The two of them standing together looked like a beautiful painting, a handsome man and a beautiful woman, extremely pleasing to the eye.

Sitting in the front row, Bianca was almost blinded by Isabella's nobility, and jealousy and hatred grew wildly in her heart.

Why was it Isabella standing there?

That glory should belong to her.

"Michael, look, isn't that Isabella? How can she be so close with another man, and a member of the Wilson Family at that." Bianca turned her head, and Michael's face instantly darkened.

His whole body exuded an unrestrained hostility.

So, Thomas was a member of the Wilson Family. No wonder Thomas dared to go against him, even insisting on representing Isabella in the divorce case despite his threats.

Seeing this, Bianca was even more furious. Seeing Isabella doing better than her was worse than death.

She bit her lip and said, "Michael, Isabella hasn't officially divorced you yet. Now she's openly appearing with another man. Isn't she blatantly disrespecting you? If this gets out, the Brown Family's reputation will be ruined by her."

Bianca put on a concerned expression for Michael. She didn't believe that Isabella could stay in the Brown Family this time.

###chapter 35 Securing 950 Million Dollars

Bianca said, "Should I go remind Isabella?"

Bianca said as she was about to get up, but Michael's deep voice stopped her, "Leave her be. If she dares to do such a thing, she should know the consequences!"

Michael's eyes were practically on fire.

Isabella had just signed an agreement with him and dared to boldly link arms with Thomas. If he didn't get angry, did she think he didn't exist?

He came here to meet the mysterious heir of the Wilson Group who had offended him.

It turned out to be Thomas.

And he brought Isabella to make an appearance. These two really didn't take Michael seriouly.

Michael clenched his fists.

Seeing Michael's face darken bit by bit, Bianca felt secretly pleased.

This time, she didn't believe Isabella could still compete with her for the position of Michael's wife.

How could a woman as indiscreet as Isabella be worthy of her Michael? In this world, only she, Bianca, was the most suitable woman for him.

Meanwhile, everyone present was speculating about the identities of the two people on stage.

Thomas had considerable influence abroad, and many people recognized him.

"Who would have thought that the famous trader in the financial market, Thomas, is actually from the Wilson Family!"

"But who is that sexy companion standing next to him? Her aura is no less than Thomas's. She doesn't look like someone from the entertainment industry, but her face is stunningly beautiful."

"Could she be a secretly groomed superstar from some entertainment company, taking this opportunity to make an appearance in front of the media? All the top elites are here today; getting to know any of them could make her success."

"Do you think she might be the mysterious lady of the Wilson Family, the only acknowledged heir of the Wilson Family?"

"What nonsense! If she were really the heir of the Wilson Family, how could she not reveal her identity first? Didn't you see the two of them holding hands intimately? It's clearly an ambiguous relationship."

"That's true, but the heir of the Wilson Family is indeed mysterious. She suddenly disappeared for three years and now has taken over the Wilson Group, yet she is too lazy to even make an appearance."

Even though Isabella was standing on stage, everyone seemed to have reached a consensus.

They all believed that the once domineering Isabella in the eastern part of Valoria could not possibly be willing to stand behind Thomas.

And Isabella wouldn't explain.

She had no intention of exposing her true identity.

That would only bring her endless trouble and hassle.

However, her appearance today was to showcase the Wilson Family's prized collection.

It was the big fiery red diamond around her neck, a treasure of unparalleled purity and rarity.

This was also one of the treasures Daniel had left her.

Today, she would auction off this diamond necklace and donate all the proceeds to education and healthcare in remote areas.

The starting price was fifty million dollars.

Isabella personally showcased it.

With the auctioneer's call, everyone suddenly realized that Isabella was just a model displaying the product.

The spotlight fell on Isabella's delicate collarbone, making the red diamond appear pure and dazzling.

"One hundred million dollars."

"One hundred and fifty million dollars."

Each bid made the audience gasp. Many were just watching the excitement, not daring to keep bidding.

"Four hundred million dollars!" Thomas elegantly spoke, wearing gold-rimmed glasses, looking both refined and noble.

Thomas wouldn't let Isabella really auction her treasure to cover the group's internal losses.

It was just a show for outsiders; naturally, he would take it back afterward.

He didn't want Isabella to suffer any grievances.

"Six hundred million dollars!" The bidder was Michael.

Hearing this number, the whole room was in an uproar.

Michael's gaze swept over, provocatively looking at Thomas and Isabella beside him, a disdainful smile on his lips.

He was determined to get the diamond necklace around Isabella's neck.

Seeing Michael's deliberate gaze, Thomas squinted and exchanged a glance with Isabella.

Isabella nodded slightly to him.

Thomas spoke, "Six hundred and fifty million dollars."

"Seven hundred million dollars!" Michael followed closely.

The price had already far exceeded the item's actual value, and others could see that Michael was going head-to-head with the Wilson Family.

They all withdrew from the auction.

The auction continued, and under Isabella's signal, the two men competed fiercely, raising the price of a diamond necklace valued at three hundred million dollars to nine hundred million dollars.

When Michael wanted to bid again, Bianca, trembling with fear, tried to stop him.

That was several hundred million dollars, but to them, it seemed worthless.

Thomas didn't continue.

In the end, Michael won the diamond necklace for nine hundred and fifty million dollars.

The title of charity ambassador came to Michael.

Isabella blinked and decisively took off the diamond necklace around her neck, handing it to the staff, "I never expected Mr. Brown to have such a charitable heart."

How could Michael not see it?

This was a trap set by the two of them to provoke him into buying the item.

A mere few hundred million dollars.

It wasn't something he cared about.

He just couldn't stand seeing Isabella smiling beside Thomas; her smile for Thomas was blinding.

"I wasn't planning to let it go. This necklace should have been yours, but it didn't work out." Thomas whispered to Isabella.

He felt bad but didn't want to go against Isabella's wishes.

He reached out to touch her head as usual, then looked up at Michael, his eyes darkening, his tone mocking. "I'm suprised by Mr. Brown's willingness to help children in impoverished areas. However, I still want to thank you on behalf of the Wilson Group for your nine hundred and fifty million dollar contribution."

With this money, the Wilson Group almost didn't need to touch the company's internal funds to smoothly get through the current difficulties.

Coming up with this brilliant idea, Isabella was indeed remarkable.

Michael's eyes flashed with a dark light, not provoked by Thomas's words.

Instead, he slowly curled his lips, "Just a small amount of money, consider it the Brown Group's contribution to society. But Mr. Wilson, your business hasn't been going well lately, has it?"

Both men wore smiles, but everyone could hear the intense tension between them.

Moreover, Michael's words pointed out the truth.

Thomas couldn't help but frown. He had indeed been held up by his business in the past few days.

His company over there had been frequently reported, and with Eldoria's strict laws in some areas, he had to pull some strings to smooth things over.

At the time, he thought he had unintentionally offended some local power.

Now it seemed that all of this was orchestrated by Michael.

###chapter 36 Take Off Your Clothes

Thomas calmly arranged for Isabella to be elsewhere, took a glass of red wine from the waiter, and stood in front of Michael.

With a faint, cold smile, he said, "Mr. Brown, you really have a long reach. But have you forgotten who I am? Even if my overseas business is affected, I still have the Wilson Family behind me. Worst case, I'll just go home and help manage the family business. But before I leave, I will make sure my team of lawyers wins this divorce case."

"Is that so?" Michael raised an eyebrow, indifferent. "Then go ahead and try."

The powerful aura between the two clashed intensely.

Bianca, sitting nearby, was treated as if she were invisible.

This made her feel very uncomfortable.

Isabella also emerged from the crowd. After her stunning appearance earlier, she had become the star of the night.

Wherever she went, all eyes followed.

Some even subtly inquired about her relationship with Thomas, wondering if they were really a couple. Isabella just smiled and didn't give a direct answer.

When she lifted her skirt and walked towards Michael, Bianca, sitting beside him, suddenly paled.

She had become a mere backdrop.

Both Michael and Thomas, with his commanding presence, couldn't help but turn their gaze towards Isabella.

Tonight, she was as beautiful as an angel.

Bianca's face turned even paler. She wanted to pull Michael away before Isabella arrived.

But Michael shook her off and walked straight to Isabella, blocking her path. "Come with me, I have something to tell you."

Isabella didn't move, her words laced with sarcasm. "Mr. Brown, what's this about? Do you have to be so secretive? Is it something that can't be seen in the light of day?"

Michael's face immediately darkened.

In front of everyone, he grabbed Isabella and pulled her into his arms, walking away.

Everyone was shocked.

The two had a secret marriage, and apart from close friends, few people knew Isabella was Mrs. Brown.

Now, Michael had just taken Isabella away, causing quite a stir.

Michael casually opened a lounge and pushed Isabella inside.

Isabella stumbled, almost twisting her ankle. "Michael, are you crazy? Your beloved Bianca is outside. Why did you drag me here?"

Didn't he care about what people would say about Bianca now?

Isabella looked up angrily, her black tight-fitting mermaid dress accentuating her figure. At this moment, Isabella seemed to be glowing.

Michael said, "Isabella, I think you've forgotten who you are. We haven't divorced yet. As Mrs. Brown, you should be staying at home instead of going out dressed like this to seduce other men. I think you're the one who's crazy!"

She seducing men?

He could say that without even thinking.

Of course, in his heart, she would never compare to Bianca.

He even defaulted to having Bianca as his companion.

Isabella looked up and laughed lightly. "So you know we haven't divorced yet. You can spend billions of dollars to please Bianca, but I have to stay home and wait for you, right? Or are you regretting the money you just spent and are now angry?"

Her voice was light, filled with sarcasm.

Michael's eyes narrowed. He closed the door and pressed her against the wall, trapping her from behind.

He was so tall that he easily enveloped her.

He leaned close to her ear and sneered, "Billions of dollars mean nothing. If you don't care, then even tens of billions wouldn't matter."

Isabella tried to move, but he anticipated it and grabbed her wrists, pulling her tightly into his arms.

"Michael, you're crazy. This is a hotel." Isabella exclaimed.

Michael didn't want to hear her talk. Her struggling body made him feel hot all over.

He slapped her firm, tight buttocks, his voice hoarse. "Do you remember the first rule of our agreement? Treating my words like air, do you think I'm a fool, or do you think I have no temper?"

In just a few days, she not only didn't keep her distance from Thomas but also attended the Wilson Family's banquet arm in arm with him.

Michael said, "Are you so eager to find another man? Do you think the Wilson Family will want you? Don't forget, you've been my wife for three years. Do you think Thomas won't care if you've slept with me?"

"Michael, you pervert, bastard!" Isabella felt helpless.

"Don't rush to curse. There's worse to come. Take off your clothes." Michael coldly ordered.

"What did you say?" Isabella was shocked.

"Don't pretend. You know what I'm saying. Or should I help you take them off?"

Isabella struggled fiercely.

Michael pressed his large hand on her slender waist, biting her lip as he turned his head. "If you don't want to, come with me. Go home now, and I'll spare you this time."

Go home?

Isabella, humiliated by him repeatedly, was furious. "That's your home, not mine."

"Do you want to keep making a scene?" Michael's eyes darkened. He took out his phone and dialed Sean in front of her.

"You should know Sean works for me. I can bring him here, and make him leave. Do you want to try?" Michael's threat was straightforward.

Isabella's face tightened. She almost forgot that Michael still had Sean.

Although Daniel's surgery was successful, his subsequent treatment still depended on Sean.

Sean couldn't leave now!

The phone rang, and Isabella quickly stopped him. "Michael, is this all you can do?"

Michael put away his phone. "Don't forget, you signed the agreement voluntarily. You were the first to break it. When it comes to tricks, I'm no match for you."

Isabella gritted her teeth in anger.

She knew he had no good intentions.

When Daniel recovered, she would definitely get back at him.

As she opened the door, seeing Isabella's exposed chest, Michael's eyes darkened. He draped his coat over her, not allowing any refusal.

He took her hand and walked towards the exit of the banquet.

"Michael, are you leaving?" Seeing them come out of the lounge, Bianca hurriedly chased after them, blocking their way. She bit her lip, looking at Isabella, who was held by Michael.

Her heart was filled with jealousy.

Tonight, her name was on Michael's guest list. Now that she was abandoned, how could she face the social circle in the future?

"Yes, find a ride yourself." Michael didn't hesitate for a moment, pulling Isabella out of the banquet.

Michael took her to the villa outside.

As soon as they entered, Michael threw a delicate box at her, as casually as throwing away trash.

Isabella immediately recognized it as the red diamond necklace she had auctioned tonight.

The gift box was the one she had taken from home.

"Take it. Something you've worn might not be wanted by anyone else. But it's better than throwing it away." Michael said emotionlessly as he loosened his tie.

###chapter 37 Bianca Attempts Suicide

Michael's words were harsh, but Isabella was still moved.

Although this money was nothing to the Wilson Group.

But this necklace was a gift from Daniel, and it had a different meaning; she cared about it.

Tonight, she had deliberately conspired with Thomas to harm Michael.

She just wanted to show him that the Wilson Group was not to be trifled with.

But what she didn't expect was that he bought the necklace not to give it to Bianca.

Just now at the banquet, she saw clearly that when Michael bought the necklace, Bianca's eyes lit up.

She looked like she couldn't wait to wear it on the spot.

She found it strange, rubbing the edge of the box, hinting, "You're really giving it to me? Aren't you afraid Bianca will be upset if she likes it too?"

A few hundred million dollars was just a number to Michael, but it was different for Bianca.

Michael walked towards the closet, his gaze sweeping over her, and said sarcastically, "She's not like you. She deserves something more expensive and better. Besides, did I say this necklace was for you? I asked you to hold it for safekeeping, don't overthink it."

Michael turned to choose clothes, a slight smile curling at the corner of his mouth where Isabella couldn't see.

His tone was no longer as cold and domineering as it had been at the banquet, but rather carried a hint of proud affection.

Isabella raised an eyebrow, deliberately walking over and pressing her red lips close to his ear from behind, "So that's how it is. But since we're still married, any jewelry you bring home that ends up with me will be hard to get back. Or are you saying that in your eyes, I'm more suited for this necklace than Bianca?"

As Isabella said this, her slender fingers slowly slid down his back, almost reaching his waist before Michael grabbed her hand.

Faced with Isabella's blatant teasing, Michael's eyes darkened.

He tightened his grip, trapping her in his arms, his thumb and forefinger pinching her delicate chin, sneering, "I never realized before how self-righteous you are."

Isabella didn't care; she was doing it on purpose.

Her hands were caught, but she lifted her leg to gently rub against his suit pants, feeling his strong body, moving slowly up and down. "No matter how self-righteous I am, it's better than your hypocrisy, isn't it? Didn't you bring me back because you wanted to possess me?"

Michael felt hot, and with Isabella deliberately rubbing against him, he only wanted to shut her up with a kiss.

In fact, he did just that.

His fingers pinched her jaw, and Michael bit her lips, his voice ambiguous between their lips and teeth. "Are you addicted to seducing me?"

For three years of marriage, no matter how she tried to please him, even standing naked in front of him, he didn't want her.

Now that they were about to divorce, he seemed like a different person.

But she was no longer the old Isabella.

She just wanted to see Michael lose control in front of her and make Bianca lose everything.

"Your self-control is just so-so." With that, Isabella wrapped her arms around Michael's neck, pressing herself closer to him, feeling the burning heat from his body.

Michael's eyes darkened, and he tightened his grip on her waist, deepening the kiss.

Michael lifted Isabella, wrapping her legs around his waist, and took a few steps to the bed, pressing her down.

His eyes were red as he was about to tear off Isabella's sexy mermaid dress when the phone rang.

Michael ignored it, but the caller seemed determined to keep calling until he answered.

He had to pick it up with a dark face.

As soon as he answered.

Bianca's tearful voice came through. "Michael, where are you? I was just..."

Isabella bit Michael's chin, and he glared at her in pain.

She did it on purpose.

Not only that, her hand mischievously moved down his body, directly grabbing Michael's crotch.

She made a surprised and ambiguous sound. "So hard."

Michael's eyes turned red, and he grabbed her hand, his voice hoarse and unbearable, "Isabella, don't move."

"Isabella? Michael, what are you doing? Why is she at your house?" Bianca heard the ambiguous sounds on the phone and was stunned.

Bianca was both anxious and crying, unable to speak clearly. Harper took the phone and tearfully told Michael what had happened.

After Michael took Isabella away, Bianca had planned to take a cab home from the entrance, but she was dragged into a car by a stranger. If it weren't for the police's routine check that saved her halfway, the consequences would have been unimaginable.

Back home, Bianca cried and threatened to slit her wrists, but Harper stopped her.

They had already taken Bianca to the hospital, but her emotions were very unstable.

"Michael, Bianca only wants to see you now. You can't ignore her. If you don't come to see her tonight, what if something happens..." Harper said.

"Mom, stop forcing Michael. He already has Isabella by his side. It's me who should die!" Bianca screamed hysterically on the phone, "Just let me die. I really don't want to live anymore."

Harper cooperated, "How am I forcing him? If he hadn't invited you to that banquet, you wouldn't have had this happen in the middle of the night. Michael, please have pity on our Bianca. Seeing you is her only hope to live." Harper's acting was much better than Bianca's. She first triggered Michael's guilt, then begged him.

Finally, without saying another word, she and Bianca cried together on the other end.

Michael frowned deeply after hearing this.

Isabella did all this to provoke Bianca, and now that her goal was achieved, she should leave.

Taking advantage of Michael's loosened grip, she tried to escape.

But as soon as she moved, Michael's iron grip held her firmly.

After hanging up the phone, he looked at her with a dark face, lifted her dress, revealing her beautiful legs.

He pressed down on her.

His hardened member, aroused by her teasing, pressed against her, and Isabella was truly panicked.

She only wanted to use this to get back at Bianca, not to get herself involved. "Michael, let me go!"

Michael's body was like a mountain, and Isabella couldn't move at all.

"Where's that seductive energy you had earlier? What, are you scared?" He looked at her with dark eyes, the desire she had stirred up now raging inside him, desperate to find an outlet.

Isabella was frightened by the madness in Michael's eyes, but she also wanted to see if he really didn't care about Bianca.

She suppressed her fear, a smile curling at her lips, "I'm not afraid of anything, but I wouldn't want Bianca to call and threaten suicide halfway through, and then you disappear. That would be such a mood killer."

She wanted to see what he would choose.

###chapter 38 The Racing God

Some things might be worth scrutinizing, but Isabella didn't care at all.

What she truly didn't believe in was Harper and Bianca, for they were so hypocritical.

And they didn't even consider what level of hotel The Grand Majestic Hotel was, how complex the forces behind it were. Even if someone wanted to harm others, it wouldn't be possible to stage a kidnapping right at the hotel entrance.

Wouldn't that make the hotel a joke?

And then they ran into the police halfway and got rescued. Do they really think everyone was brainless?

But Michael took it seriously.

Michael's face turned cold, but he finally let go of Isabella's hand. "I'll go check on her. Stay home and don't wander around. Wait for me to come back."

Isabella looked at him, "Michael, do you really have to go? What if I ask you to stay?"

"Isabella, don't be unreasonable. Bianca is not that kind of person." Michael's tone already had a hint of impatience.

Love or not, it was so obvious.

Isabella's eyes turned completely cold as she got her answer, a self-mocking smile tugging at the corner of her mouth.

She was foolish to keep trying to verify something with him, only to end up hurting herself every time.

She brought it upon herself.

The sound of a car engine came from outside, and the whole house fell silent again.

Isabella took out her phone and called her friend Olivia.

"Isabella, what's up?" It was a bit noisy on Olivia's end, and she raised her voice to ask.

Isabella's voice was calm, "Are you free? Join me for a drink, let's celebrate."

"Celebrate?" Olivia lowered her voice, walked to a quiet place, closed the door, and asked with a smile, "Did you win the lottery or get a new man?"

"Today, Bianca slit her wrists and ended up in the hospital. Isn't that worth celebrating?" Isabella said it with great satisfaction.

"Really? Such good news, we definitely need to have a few drinks. Where are you? I'll come get you now. I know a great place. Let's have a blast tonight." Olivia's eyes lit up when she heard the news.

She had been meaning to talk to Isabella about this, but Isabella called her first.

Olivia arrived quickly, and Isabella had already changed into casual clothes and was waiting downstairs.

Seeing Olivia step out of the car in a tight white racing suit, Isabella was stunned.

She thought Olivia had just come from some cosplay event. "Weren't we going to a bar? You're wearing that?"

Olivia excitedly spun around to show off her new outfit to Isabella, "I forgot to tell you, my favorite racer Ivan Franklin has a race tonight at Sunset Ridge Highway. I got the best seats, just waiting to meet Ivan face-to-face."

Isabella was surprised again.

Although Olivia had been in the entertainment industry for a few years, with her family's protection, she had never faced any pressure or been subjected to any unspoken rules.

So, at twenty-two, Olivia had never had a real relationship.

All these years, she had only liked characters from games and anime.

No real person had ever entered her life.

Isabella felt both gratified and emotional, "You've grown up. In the blink of an eye, you're old enough to date."

"Come on, don't make me sound so childish. I'll be twenty-three after this birthday. If I don't start dating now, there must be something wrong with me." Olivia said.

Isabella couldn't help but laugh, "I didn't say you couldn't date. You should go for Ivan and make him your boyfriend."

"That's impossible. Besides, I just want to race him tonight. I don't dare think about anything else." Mentioning Ivan made Olivia shy.

The two chatted as they got into the car and headed to Sunset Ridge Highway.

Meanwhile, Michael arrived at the hospital.

From the phone call, he thought Bianca was seriously injured. He had to harden his heart to leave Isabella at home.

But it turned out Bianca's hand was only slightly scratched. It wasn't even a wrist-slitting; a paper cut would have been worse.

Michael didn't say anything, but his expression wasn't good.

After comforting Bianca, Michael planned to leave, but Bianca clung to him, refusing to let go, her emotions extremely unstable.

Thinking of Isabella waiting at home, Michael recalled her last calm question, "Can you stay?"

For the first time, he felt a sense of reluctance.

He wanted to call her to ask what she was doing, but at that moment, Bianca suddenly fainted.

Isabella only found out after arriving that Olivia had not only prepared a cool racing suit for herself but also one for Isabella.

She even had a motorcycle ready.

"Why do I feel like you set me up, just waiting for me to fall into your trap?" Isabella clearly told Olivia they were going for a drink.

But she ended up being brought to a racing event by Olivia.

And Olivia had even prepared clothes and a bike in advance.

"It's just a coincidence." Olivia quickly diverted Isabella's attention, "Besides, who says celebrating at night can only involve drinking? Racing is so thrilling. The excitement of winning is even better than drinking."

Isabella stared at her without saying a word.

Olivia pouted and clung to Isabella's arm, gently shaking it. "Isabella, I really didn't trick you. I've been chasing Ivan for a long time. I really like him. Can you help me this time?"

"Tell me what do you want me to do first." Isabella asked.

Olivia bit her lip and explained everything.

It turned out that Olivia had been watching a racing event with friends recently and was captivated by a racer.

After some inquiries, she found out the first-place winner was Ivan, a college student.

But Ivan was quite aloof, not liking to go out or participate in any activities, only interested in racing.

So, Olivia thought of Isabella.

Back in the east Valoria, Isabella was the strongest racer in the circle.

No one dared to race three laps with her.

So, Olivia spread the word that the racing goddess from the east Valoria would be participating in a race and even sent Ivan a challenge letter.

She was thinking about how to contact Isabella when Isabella called her first.

So, Olivia directly brought Isabella to the racing event.

She said, "Isabella, I'm not lying. Ivan is really handsome on the track, absolutely mesmerizing."

Whenever he appeared, everyone else faded into the background.

Mentioning Ivan made Olivia look completely smitten.

"Alright, Ivan isn't here yet. Wipe your drool. Since we're here, let's just have some fun." Isabella was in a bad mood, and a night breeze might do her good.

###chapter 39 Running a Lap Naked

Racing was something she got into during her teenage years.

At that time, Daniel was busy with the Wilson Group business. Fearing she might get bored, he hired a professional instructor for her. Coupled with her extraordinary talent, she reached a professional level in just one summer.

She even participated in a few private races with her instructor.

But she only treated it as a hobby and interest. She liked the feeling of chasing the wind, nothing more.

Later, her instructor invited her to participate in professional races, but she declined.

She didn't want Daniel to worry, nor did she want her identity to be too conspicuous.

"Really? that's great." Olivia was overjoyed. When she came, she was worried Isabella might be unhappy with her decision.

Just then, Isabella received a message.

As soon as she saw the avatar, Isabella frowned. Wasn't Bianca causing a scene and threatening to commit suicide at the hospital? What kind of scheme was she up to now?

She casually opened it, and the moment she saw the picture, a cold smile appeared on her lips.

No surprise, the picture showed Bianca being comforted by Michael.

Bianca's eyes were red from crying, and Michael was gently soothing her.

Michael looked very doting.

It wasn't hard to guess who took the photo.

After all, Bianca and Harper were a team, and Michael hadn't noticed anything amiss.

Seeing him like this, he probably wouldn't come home tonight.

Fine, he could comfort Bianca.

She would race.

Deleting the picture swiftly, Isabella put on the custom helmet Olivia handed her. Her sexy figure was fully revealed in her tight outfit, exuding a powerful aura.

Not long after, the Ivan Olivia mentioned really appeared at the racetrack.

With a beautiful spin, the car stopped in front of them.

Ivan, with long legs on the ground and wearing a black helmet, had eyes that hinted at a handsome face.

Ivan was young, well-built, good-looking, and a racer, hitting every point of Olivia's aesthetic.

No wonder she fell for Ivan at first sight.

With twenty minutes left before the race, Isabella noticed Ivan secretly observing her and Olivia.

"Which one of you is from east Valoria?" Ivan asked, puzzled.

Both Isabella and Olivia had top-notch figures, making it easy to imagine how beautiful their faces must be under the helmets.

But Isabella found the voice somewhat familiar.

However, thinking that no one around her raced, she didn't dwell on it.

Hearing Ivan's voice, Olivia nervously grabbed Isabella's hand. Isabella smiled and raised her chin at Ivan, "You'll know after the race."

Hearing Isabella's voice, Ivan was visibly stunned, then quickly took out his phone and snapped a photo of Isabella.

"Taking photos without permission, don't you have any manners?" If it weren't for Olivia, Isabella would have been angry.

"It's just a photo for memory, don't overthink it." Ethan didn't feel embarrassed at all.

His fingers quickly tapped twice, sending the photo to Michael's phone.

At the same time, Michael had just left the hospital. The doctor said there was nothing wrong with Bianca's fainting.

But when he got home, he found Isabella missing.

Just as he was about to go out and look for her, he received the photo from Ethan in the car.

Ethan: [Mr. Brown, look at this beauty I photographed. This figure, these eyes, don't they look like Isabella? I'm telling you, even the voice is similar. I was stunned when I heard it.]

Michael: [Where is this?]

Ethan: [I'm racing at Sunset Ridge Highway. Hey, you can't come. I'm determined to win today. These two beauties are just my type, and I want them both.]

Michael: [I doubt you have the skills!]

Ethan didn't care. To secretly race, he had specifically taken on a college student's identity.

He usually didn't show his face, claiming to be in class, actually fearing being seen and having his true identity revealed.

The Martinez Family, being a prestigious family, had few members. If his family knew he was doing such dangerous activities outside, they might lock him up for life.

Their wish was to see him follow the family's plan step by step, take over the business, get married, and have children.

Preferably without making any mistakes.

But he didn't want that. Living like that for a lifetime was worse than death.

On the other side.

Michael stared at the photo on his phone. He didn't need to zoom in to recognize Isabella.

Isabella had just slipped from his grasp two hours ago; he couldn't possibly not recognize her.

If she wanted to race, he would race with her.

As the race was about to start, Ethan suddenly raised his hand, "Wait a minute, I have a friend coming to join. He's the real Southern Racing God of Valoria. You'll get to see him soon, don't say I didn't give you a chance."

Mentioning Michael's racing skills, Ethan's tone unconsciously carried pride.

As soon as he finished speaking, a custom-made black motorcycle stopped at the starting line.

The maneuver was agile and graceful.

"Indeed impressive." Isabella raised an eyebrow, a hint of admiration in her eyes.

She didn't expect to encounter such a professional opponent just by coming to have some fun. But before she could be too happy, when she saw the eyes under the helmet, she was taken aback.

Deep, cold eyes, like an abyss.

It was Michael.

She had loved him for over a decade; she couldn't be mistaken.

Why wasn't he at the hospital with Bianca at this time? What was he doing here?

Couldn't he let her have a good time?

However, the fact that Michael could race was quite surprising to her.

After all, since marrying him, she hadn't seen him have any hobbies other than work.

"Tonight's race gathers the Eastern and Southern Racing Gods of Valoria, and they're all handsome men and beautiful women. Wouldn't it be a shame if there were no rewards for this race?" The one hyping up the atmosphere was the referee.

He was also found by Ethan.

"That's not difficult. I suggest if the girls lose, they treat everyone here to dinner. If the guys lose, they should run a lap on the track naked. How about that?"

The crowd cheered.

Most of those agreeing were guys, focusing on Isabella's sexy figure and face.

Although the suggestion was outrageous, everyone knew Ivan wouldn't lose.

No matter how famous Isabella was, Ivan's skills in Evergreen City were well-known.

Ivan's level was clearly professional, yet he only accepted private races.

Isabella was in a good mood, especially at the thought of someone running naked.

She gestured downwards to Michael, "It's cold, don't catch a cold when you take off your clothes later!"

She relished the chance to openly humiliate Michael.

"Catching a cold is impossible. I'm waiting for you to treat me alone!" Seeing Isabella's smug look, Michael could easily guess how bright her smile was at that moment.

###chapter 40 The Nominal Father Indigo

Time was ticking down, and upon hearing Michael's words, Isabella smirked coldly.

She made up her mind to let Michael lose.

The signal to start was given, and within a second, a dozen race cars shot off the starting line, leaving only excited spectators and a cloud of white smoke behind.

Olivia's car malfunctioned shortly after the start, forcing her to return to the starting point.

She maintained a good attitude, knowing that even if she chased after them, she wouldn't catch a glimpse of Ivan. So, she stayed back and used a drone to monitor the road conditions.

Hundreds of motorcycle enthusiasts had gathered at the mountaintop, eager to witness the two racers in action.

The entire race was incredibly thrilling.

After the first turn, the racer who appeared in the lead was surprisingly Michael, who had started last.

Not only did he easily overtake Ivan, but he also left Isabella far behind.

But Isabella was not willing to admit defeat.

At the most likely spot for overtaking on a curve, she caught up to Michael at an extremely high speed and overtook him on the outside.

The car roared as it sped up, and Isabella pressed the car so low that she was almost parallel to the ground.

At this moment, she was less than 15 feet away from a steep slope.

If a landslide occurred, the consequences would be unimaginable.

Michael's heart nearly stopped.

Isabella must be crazy to risk her life just to win. If something went wrong, she wouldn't stand a chance of surviving.

He was genuinely afraid for her safety and deliberately drove closer to the inside, slowing down.

They passed each other side by side.

As Isabella overtook him, she raised her hand and flipped Michael the middle finger.

Michael, with a dark expression, followed closely behind her, watching her skillfully navigate each turn, though her maneuvers were increasingly nerve-wracking.

He had never known she could race, let alone so professionally.

She was leagues ahead of Ethan, who constantly bragged in front of him.

However, he had no intention of letting her off the hook for what she had just done.

Isabella dared to perform such dangerous stunts just to win a race; if he didn't teach her a lesson, she wouldn't know his limits.

The cars reached the finish line at high speed, and Isabella was surrounded by cheering people.

The other cars arrived one after another.

Seeing Michael, with his long legs, get out of his car and stride towards her with a grim face, Isabella's heart tightened.

She knew he had recognized her. Without waiting to see him strip and run the track, she quickly put her helmet on a nearby girl and ran away.

Everyone there was dressed in racing suits, making it impossible to spot Isabella in the crowd.

As Michael strode over, his intimidating presence made everyone fall silent.

After all, tonight's reward was for the loser to run naked.

But no one dared to mention it because Michael looked ready to tear someone apart.

His gaze was fixed on the winner.

Everyone silently stepped back, clearing a path.

Michael, tall and muscular in his black tight-fitting suit, exuded a powerful and sexy aura.

He casually tossed his helmet to Ethan.

His handsome face was fully revealed.

Ethan, excited, took out his phone, ready to watch the drama unfold.

But the crowd gasped and screamed at the sight before them.

"Oh my God!"

The racing god was actually Michael!

The most noble and mysterious man in Evergreen City, the heir to the Brown Family, Michael.

The girl wearing Isabella's helmet almost forgot to breathe as Michael stopped in front of her. His face was simply too perfect.

Moreover, Michael was the racing god of southern Valoria, whom she had dreamed of meeting.

Now, Michael was within arm's reach.

She couldn't believe she wasn't dreaming.

Michael removed his gloves and took off the helmet from the girl's head, his expression changing instantly.

"It's really you, Michael. I love you so much." The girl hugged Michael the moment he took off the helmet, but he pushed her away as soon as she touched his clothes.

Michael exuded coldness, his sharp gaze sweeping towards Ethan.

It was as if he would hold Ethan accountable if he couldn't find her.

Ethan swallowed nervously and quickly asked, "Why are you here? Where's the winner? Where did she go?"

Even Ethan could tell that the girl in front of them was not Isabella.

Did she... run away?

The girl, frightened by their imposing presence, stammered, "I-I don't know who you're talking about."

Ethan immediately understood and pleaded with Michael, "Mr. Brown, you can't blame me for this. She must have run away because you exposed yourself."

"I'll deal with you later!" Michael shot him a fierce look, turned around, and drove off in pursuit.

Ethan stood there obediently, not daring to mention the bet. When Michael got angry, it was more than he could handle.

Isabella had already reached the foot of the mountain in Olivia's car.

After teasing Michael, she felt much better.

It was a pity she couldn't see Michael strip. If she could have taken a photo, she would have had leverage over him for life.

Just as she entered the city, Isabella's phone rang.

It was her biological father, Indigo.

Years ago, when Daniel took her away, Indigo, her nominal father, became a stranger to her.

But it seemed only she thought so. Ever since she married into the Brown Family three years ago, Indigo had frequently asked Michael for resources.

Later, he realized that Michael cared more about her sister, Bianca, than her.

Only then did Indigo stop trying to "please" her.

The last call was three months ago when Indigo questioned why she hadn't yet conceived a child for the Brown Family, which embarrassed him.

After a few rings, Isabella answered the call, curious about what Indigo wanted this time.

Indigo yelled into the phone, "Isabella, what the hell is wrong with you? It's bad enough you bully Bianca in public, but you dare to seduce Michael in front of her and almost got her hurt. I'm telling you, Bianca is very upset right now. You come to the hospital and apologize to her in person. If she doesn't forgive you, don't even think about coming home ever again!"

If Isabella were in front of him, he would have slapped her without hesitation.

Isabella pulled over and sneered, "Indigo, I'm not like them. Don't use that commanding tone with me."

Indigo said, "You ungrateful brat, you have no manners. How dare you call me by my name? If you don't come today, I'll make you taste the Taylor Family's rules tomorrow!"

Family rules?

Thinking back to her childhood when Bianca would say, "Isabella broke it..."

Without listening to her explanation, Indigo would slap her hard.

Isabella found it incredibly ironic. "Talking to me about family rules? Don't forget, I stopped being a Taylor the moment I left. But if you insist on me coming over, you better not regret it."

###chapter 41 Orphaned and Uncultured

It was Michael, now Indigo..

Bianca, who should have died but didn't, was determined to make the whole world restless.

It would be a waste of her effort if she didn't go see the commotion.

And as for Indigo's scolding, she couldn't just let it go.

Isabella hung up the phone and explained to Olivia, "I need to use your car. I'll take you home first, then head to the hospital."

Olivia, having heard everything, was furious. "Are they out of their minds? It's the middle of the night, and they still can't stop causing trouble?"

"Don't worry, I'm going there to give them trouble." Isabella replied.

Olivia sighed and instinctively checked the rearview mirror. "We should leave quickly. I'm afraid Michael will catch up if we delay."

The race had just ended when she got a call from Isabella saying Michael was coming.

She thought Michael had somehow gotten the news, but Isabella told her that the person racing with her was Michael.

Just then. Michael's call came through.

Isabella gestured for her to stay quiet, answered the call, and spoke in a slightly hoarse voice, as if woken from sleep, "Michael, are you crazy? Why are you calling to harass me so late?"

On the other end, Michael paused, then his cold voice came through, "Where are you?"

He had chased her from home to the racetrack in the middle of the night, only for her to escape.

Michael was now so angry he felt like his lungs would explode.

Isabella chuckled softly, deliberately drawing out her words, "Of course, I'm at home, but soon I'll be heading to the hospital to visit Bianca. They say a wife of Michael must have presence. Since Michael let Bianca call him away in the middle of the night, should I also teach her a lesson like others would?"

Hearing this, Michael's tone immediately darkened, "Why are you going to the hospital for no reason? Bianca can't handle the stress."

"I don't care whether she can handle it." Isabella didn't give Michael a chance to respond and decisively ended the call.

At the hospital.

Bianca was sitting on the white hospital bed, wiping her tears and recounting her terrifying ordeal to the camera in a pitiful voice.

She had returned to the country intending to enter the entertainment industry.

And now was the perfect opportunity.

The loose hospital gown made her look even more delicate, and with her pale face and red-rimmed eyes, she presented a beautiful and moving scene on camera.

The live stream audience was filled with sympathy and pity for her, as well as condemnation for the abusers.

Comments flooded the screen.

Just then, the door suddenly opened.

A woman in a burgundy tight dress, stunningly beautiful, appeared on camera.

Isabella had changed clothes and walked over in high heels, her slender legs occasionally visible with her movements, her perfect figure making it hard for anyone to look away.

Bianca's beauty paled in comparison to Isabella's extreme sexiness.

The live stream chat exploded with comments.

[Am I seeing things? This is so thrilling in the middle of the night. First, there's the delicate Bianca, and now a sexy beauty.]

[Oh my god, this woman's figure is amazing. Is she a celebrity? I'm definitely following her.]

[I can't imagine which man will get to be with such a beauty. If I could marry her, I'd never look at another woman again.]

[Haha, keep dreaming. You'll never get a chance.]

Seeing the live stream audience increase by tens of thousands, Bianca was seething with jealousy.

She had struggled to get a few responses, but Isabella just showed up, and so many people flocked in.

Even so, Bianca maintained a gracious and dignified demeanor. "Isabella, did you come to see me? It's so late, and as your sister, I shouldn't have worried you. It's my fault."

Bianca didn't turn off the live stream, so their conversation was clear to everyone watching.

With Isabella's temper, she would definitely speak harshly to her, making Bianca seem even more pitiable.

Sure enough, the next second, Isabella coldly snorted, "Worried? I'm worried you didn't die, so I came to see the show!"

Comments flooded the screen.

[She's Bianca's sister? Why is there so much tension between them?]

[What tension? Can't you see Isabella is doing it on purpose?]

[Don't stop me, I'm going to stand up for Bianca. Isabella is just a vicious sister.]

Indigo walked in just in time to hear Isabella's words and raised her hand to teach her a lesson, but Isabella easily stopped it.

She disdainfully shook her hand, "Didn't you ask me to come? What's the problem now that I'm here as you wanted?"

Isabella's indifferent expression made Indigo angry. "So uncultured!  After being away for over ten years, you're still the same. If this gets out, it will only ruin the Taylor Family's reputation. Once you get divorced, I'll officially announce that the Taylor Family has nothing to do with you."

"I've already said, I have nothing to do with the Taylor Family. But the ones who will be leaving are you." Isabella coldly looked at Indigo, "Don't think I don't know. The house you're living in belongs to my mother, Grace. With just one word from me, your whole family will have to get out."

Her only family was Daniel and her uncles.

Where they were was her true home.

The Taylor Family?

She found it disgusting to even step foot there, let alone cherish it.

If they wanted to turn against her, she had no reason to respect them. After all, when she left, she had already severed with her father.

The audience was instantly shocked.

[What kind of plot is this? It's the first time I've seen a daughter kick her father's family out of the house.]

[I heard Isabella is Bianca's half-sister. With such a vicious mouth, who knows how she usually bullies Bianca?]

[Didn't you hear Isabella say she's been away for over ten years? How could she bully her if they don't even meet? Do some people talk without using their brains?]

Many of Bianca's fans started revealing information in the chat.

Mostly about how Isabella stole Bianca's boyfriend Michael three years ago and married him.

And how she bullied Bianca.

One thing after another, as if they were true.

They even mentioned that Isabella was sent to the countryside as a child and never went to school, so where would she get any manners?

Bianca saw this, her eyes instantly reddened. She bit her lip, not daring to say more, as if she was terrified of Isabella.

But Isabella didn't care about that. She was busy arguing with Indigo, making Indigo's face turn ashen with anger.

He clutched her chest.

Isabella said, "Oh, can't handle it? Should I call a doctor to get you an oxygen mask? If that doesn't work, we can send you to the ICU. They have everything there. If you die, they can even try defibrillation to see if it works!"

###chapter 42 See You in Court

"Isabella, how can you talk to your father like that? No matter what, he's your elder. You're being way too disrespectful." Bianca looked all gentle and filial.

Isabella raised an eyebrow. "What, are you getting anxious because I didn't scold you? I almost forgot, you have a mother who's a mistress, so you're not much better. You knew I wasn't divorced yet, but you shamelessly seduced Michael, even calling him in the middle of the night to come over. Is this way of seducing men a family tradition or part of your upbringing?"

Isabella insulted Bianca calmly and steadily the whole time.

Bianca was left speechless, her face turning red with anger.

The live stream audience, however, was getting excited.

Some people even started to dislike Bianca and began to like Isabella.

Even just listening to her scold was satisfying.

At the height of the argument, a cold, stern voice interrupted them. "Isabella, have you had enough?"

Seeing Michael return, Bianca's eyes lit up, and she cried out, "Michael."

Turning around, she saw Michael in a black trench coat at the door. Isabella couldn't help but raise an eyebrow.

Bianca's position was indeed unshakable.

It hadn't been long, and Michael had rushed over.

In the hospital room, Bianca was crying on the bed, while Indigo sat on the sofa with a dark expression.

"Oh, you really came?" Isabella feigned surprise, looking at Michael without a hint of fear.

After all these years, if she still couldn't see through Michael, she would be blind.

"Michael, you don't know what Isabella just called me. I really didn't do any of those things. You have to believe me." Bianca trembled as she reached out to grab Michael's sleeve, crying pitifully.

As if she had been subjected to inhumane treatment.

"I know, don't take her words to heart." Michael didn't pull away, gently comforting Bianca.

Seeing the live stream on his phone, his expression darkened.

Bianca quickly turned it off.

Isabella naturally didn't give Michael a chance to question her. She had said everything she wanted to say and felt much better.

Staying any longer would be pointless.

"You two like sticking together so much, I'll give you some space. Go on!" Isabella sneered, turned around, and left with big strides.

She slammed the door behind her, and Michael couldn't miss the anger radiating from her.

He frowned and immediately shook off Bianca. "Take care of yourself. I'm leaving."

Seeing Michael go after Isabella and leave her behind, Bianca couldn't stand it. "Michael, are you going after her again? Can't you see that Isabella doesn't like you at all? Otherwise, why would she be so determined to divorce you?"

Michael's face darkened. "So what?"

Bianca's face turned pale.

Even if Isabella didn't like him, he wanted to keep her by his side. Could it be that Michael really liked Isabella?

Impossible!

Bianca panicked and reached out to grab Michael's hand. "Michael, please don't leave me. You're all I have."

Bianca's tone was humble. But Michael didn't respond at all, shaking her off and leaving.

Michael intercepted Isabella in the parking lot downstairs.

He coldly questioned, "Where did you go tonight?"

He knew the person racing against him was Isabella, but he wanted her to admit it.

"Where was I? I was obviously at the hospital visiting Bianca. Didn't you see?" Isabella retorted.

"Really?" Michael squinted, stepping forward to trap her between the car door and himself. "Was the night breeze on Sunset Ridge Highway thrilling?"

He didn't miss the flash of panic in Isabella's eyes.

So it was her.

The woman who risked her life to win was Isabella.

Isabella pushed him, refusing to admit it. "Michael, what are you talking about? I was home alone. I don't have so many 'engagements' in the middle of the night like you!"

He reeked of Bianca's sickly sweet perfume.

It made her nauseous.

Thinking about Daniel's improving condition, Isabella smirked. "Since you and Bianca are inseparable, I won't take up space. I've had the divorce papers redrafted. See you in court the day after tomorrow."

Michael thought he could bully her because she had no one to back her up.

Using a lousy agreement to keep her, flirting with Bianca right in front of her, she had it enough.

Michael's face darkened like the night. "Say it again, you want a divorce?"

"Yes, every second with you makes me feel awful. This marriage, I'm definitely ending it." With that, Isabella got in her car and left without hesitation.

Leaving Michael standing there, seething with anger.

The car disappeared in a flash, and the emotions in Michael's eyes threatened to consume everything.

Early the next morning, Aiden called. Michael had just lain down for a bit, and the call filled him with irritation. "Grandpa, what's so urgent this early?"

Aiden got angry, "Early? Do you even know what time it is? Tell me, where's Isabella? Have you been trying to win her back these past few days? Isabella is just acting tough. Say some nice things, and she'll listen. You're just too emotionally unintelligent, which is why things have come to this."

On the other end, Aiden patiently instructed Michael on how to win Isabella back.

"Grandpa, maybe there really is a problem between us. Perhaps we both need some time apart." Michael's voice was low, his mood matching.

Aiden scolded him directly, "Do you think this is a business negotiation? You're a married couple. Arguments are nothing to fear. Right now, you need to ask for Isabella's forgiveness. If you wait for her to calm down, you'll be out of the picture. You're in your twenties, and I still have to teach you how to handle a relationship. What have you been doing these past few days?"

"Grandpa, I've tried everything. She won't come back." Michael felt helpless.

"Bullshit. I know what you're capable of. I'm telling you, if Isabella doesn't come home, I won't acknowledge you as my grandson!" Aiden hung up in anger.

Michael stared at his phone, wide awake, his face dark.

He thought, 'She said divorce, and that's it? Hell no'

He didn't control the start of this marriage, and he wouldn't let her end it on a whim!

As Michael was racking his brain on how to deal with the divorce papers Isabella sent, his subordinate Aaron called to report an issue with an overseas project.

The project manager couldn't handle it and had to report it to the headquarters.

Michael's eyes flashed. "Book a flight to Novaterra for today."

His tone wasn't annoyed but rather pleased.

Aaron was stunned.

An overseas project had issues, but Michael sounded happy?

###chapter 43 The Rise of Public Opinion

Isabella woke up naturally, only to find dozens of missed calls and messages on her phone.

She rubbed her eyes, thinking she must be seeing things.

There were calls from Olivia, Thomas, and even her eldest uncle, Atticus Wilson, who hadn't returned to the country in years.

Before she could decide which call to return, her subordinate Jesse called her on a video call. "Ms. Taylor, something bad has happened."

"What is it?" Isabella asked.

Jesse was in a panic, "Last night, the incident where you argued with the Taylor Family at the hospital was posted online, and it was live-streamed. Now, news about you is everywhere on the internet. You mustn't go out these days."

Isabella didn't think much of it. She knew Bianca had live-streamed it.

She didn't think she was in the wrong. "She's the one who ruined my family. Why should I hide?"

"Public opinion doesn't care about that. People will just follow the trend, and that's how rumors start." Jesse was extremely nervous, "If it really gets out of hand, I can have the company's PR department suppress it for a few days until the heat dies down."

"No need to involve the company. Since it's already out there, let the public opinion ferment for a while." Isabella said calmly.

She didn't need to think to know that Bianca had deliberately posted the live stream online.

Since Bianca liked to post her business online, Isabella would help her out and make her go viral.

Jesse was on the verge of a breakdown, but Isabella wasn't worried at all.

He couldn't understand why Isabella, who could easily get rid of the Taylor Family with a word, insisted on keeping them around to oppose her.

Before Jesse could speak, Atticus's call came in. 

"Atticus, aren't you currently on a confidential mission? Thomas and I didn't dare disturb you. How come you suddenly have time to call me?" Isabella said playfully.

Atticus had joined the military at a young age and was later recruited into a special unit.

Not only was he rarely seen, but he also couldn't talk about where he went or what he did.

He had dedicated everything to the country and had no plans to marry or have children.

Besides feeling guilty towards Daniel, he only cared deeply for Isabella.

When Isabella was brought back to the Wilson Family, she was still young. Over the years, Atticus had treated her like his own child.

If anything happened to Isabella, he would be heartbroken.

He said, "I see you're causing trouble again while I'm away. What's going on with the stuff online? Who did it?"

Atticus was very good to his family.

If someone dared to bully Isabella, there was no way he would ignore it.

"It's nothing, Atticus. Those are just rumors. Don't worry about it." Anyone falsely accused like that wouldn't ignore it. Isabella wasn't pretending not to see; she had more important things to do.

She would endure for now and take revenge when the time was right.

Atticus said, "Nonsense! How can you ignore this? The company wants to intervene, why are you stopping them?"

Chris had already called Isabella for instructions the first time the incident occurred, which was last night before she went to sleep.

"Atticus, I finally get a call from you, and all you do is scold me? Don't forget I'm married and an adult now."

Hearing Isabella say this, Atticus softened his tone, "I know you always have a plan. I'm not around, and I don't want you to get hurt. Daniel is sick now; you can't afford to get into trouble."

"Oh, stop worrying about me. I'm fine, and so is Grandpa. Focus on your mission. It would be great if you could bring back a girlfriend." Isabella lightened the mood and ended the call after a few more words with Atticus.

She then returned calls to everyone she knew who had called her.

She told them she was fine and not to worry about her.

The whole process took her nearly an hour, leaving her exhausted.

Logically, she was the one being talked about online and should be the one comforted, but in the end, she had to comfort everyone else.

Finally, her phone quieted down. Isabella opened her long-unused Facebook and saw over a million unread messages.

She couldn't help but widen her eyes.

How did these netizens even find this?

Most of the private messages were telling her to apologize to Bianca in person, with many cursing and condemning her.

She skimmed through them, seeing some people praising her for being sexy, beautiful, and having a great figure, and she liked those comments.

She replied: [Good taste.]

Indeed, there were still sharp-eyed people among the crowd.

There were also many posts about her.

Isabella was impressed by these netizens, who even dug up her childhood stories.

They found out that her mother, Grace, died when she was seven, that she was withdrawn at school, fought with other kids, and even stole fruit from the school's back hill.

She remembered that after Grace died, Indigo brought Harper and Bianca back home.

Then her status dropped.

She fought with other kids because they spoke ill of Grace, and she stole fruit because Harper wouldn't give her any. Even the snacks the servant secretly gave her were taken by Bianca.

She was hungry for so long that she had to find food herself.

Thinking of this, Isabella's lips curled into a cold smile.

She would make that mother and daughter pay for what they did to her.

At this time, Bianca was still complaining online, talking about how Isabella had oppressed and bullied her over the years, and even brought up that she knew Michael first.

She implied that it wasn't her who ruined Isabella and Michael's relationship, but that Isabella had forcefully taken her place.

Bianca ended by asking netizens not to bully Isabella too much, saying that as Isabella's sister, she still valued their family bond and wanted to give Isabella another chance.

She pushed all the blame onto Isabella.

A bunch of netizens followed suit, feeling sorry for Bianca's magnanimity and grievances.

They demanded she apologize to Bianca.

Isabella almost felt sick reading it.

She directly posted on Facebook.

[I am Isabella. My mom only gave birth to me. I don't have any sisters. If you have a problem, come at me. I'll take it. But if you want an apology, maybe in the next life. Also, have you packed up the Taylor Family's stuff? I'm coming to collect the house tomorrow. Don't think you can leave any trash behind.]

Isabella's words were harsh and direct, immediately sparking another wave of comments online.

[Oh my God, she's so cool. I love her. I support Isabella.]

[This is a twisted. Bianca stole Isabella's boyfriend and now acts all righteous. Does she have any morals?]

[Isabella bullies Bianca because she's easygoing, huh? Watch me expose her identity online and avenge Bianca.]

The online comments kept coming, but Isabella couldn't be bothered to read them in detail.

These rumors couldn't hurt her.

###chapter 44 Michael Disappeared

The next day.

Today was the day she and Michael had agreed to go to court.

To her surprise, he hadn't protested or hired a lawyer in the past two days.

Isabella stood in front of the full-length mirror in a striking red cocktail dress, paired with a limited-edition handbag of the same color, looking radiant and bold.

This was the real Isabella.

Miss of the Wilson Family from east Valoria.

The woman who had once married into the Brown Family with high hopes had lost all her vitality over the past three years due to this marriage.

Starting today, she would be herself again.

The netizens were indeed powerful; it had only been two days since the issue started to ferment, and many things about Isabella had already been dug up.

They only knew that her marriage was a secret.

Later, when they heard she was getting divorced, everyone seemed to seize the opportunity to see her in person.

Even outside the courthouse, there were quite a few people waiting.

Some were there just to watch the drama, eager to see if Isabella was as stunning in person as she was in photos.

Another group consisted of media reporters, looking to exploit the couple's fame for profit.

The most fervent, of course, were Bianca's fans, who were eager to get back at Isabella.

But all of this was within the Wilson Family's expectations.

Jesse had arranged for people to protect Isabella early on.

Even before she arrived, the courthouse was already crowded, and the staff inside were getting headaches trying to manage the situation.

People outside were sitting on the steps, starting to gossip.

[Did you know? That vicious sister of Bianca, Isabella, married an old and ugly nouveau riche. I heard she couldn't have a child in three years, so she stripped down to seduce Bianca's boyfriend, and got caught, which is why she's getting divorced.]

[Is that true?]

[Of course it is. Didn't you see Bianca's livestream? A super handsome guy came in at the end. His physique is better than a top model's. That's Bianca's boyfriend, Michael.]

[Isabella, as an older sister, is really shameless, trying to steal Bianca's boyfriend. But luckily, Mr. Brown doesn't like her. If he did, my heart would break.]

[No way, Mr. Brown is going to marry Bianca. They are the perfect match.]

[That's good, then we men still have a chance. No matter how vicious Isabella is, at least she has a great body!]

[You guys really are desperate. Isabella doesn't have just one affair. Someone even saw her hugging and kissing an old man who could be her grandfather.]

[Really? That's disgusting.]

The crowd kept providing new "evidence," as if just saying it made it a fact about Isabella.

The women sneered, while the men were even more interested in Isabella.

It seemed that only by doing this could they feel on the same level as a sexy beauty like Isabella, without feeling inferior.

As the group was getting more excited, two Bentleys drove up, followed by a limited-edition Rolls-Royce.

They slowly stopped at the courthouse entrance.

Everyone was stunned.

They had only seen such a scene in TV dramas.

Several men in black got out of the front cars, blocking people from approaching, standing with their hands behind their backs, guarding the person getting out of the car behind them.

Isabella stepped out, her red dress making her even more dazzling in the sunlight.

With her exquisite makeup and long hair cascading over her shoulders, many people were left speechless.

"No way, she's the vicious sister Isabella who cursed Bianca in the livestream? My God, she's a hundred times more beautiful in person than on the phone!" Someone whispered.

Hearing this, Bianca's fans immediately got upset, sarcastically saying, "So what if Isabella is beautiful? She used her looks to seduce Bianca's boyfriend. Isn't she here to get divorced? That car must belong to that old man."

Everyone waited for the person behind to appear, eager to see who this old man was.

Instead, a handsome man in an iron-gray suit, Thomas, stepped out. With gold-rimmed glasses and a glance, he exuded an indescribable charm.

He gently held Isabella's hand, and the two looked like a couple.

But Isabella called him "Uncle Thomas."

The crowd waiting to see Isabella's embarrassment fell silent.

After they walked in, someone whispered, "Wasn't Isabella's boyfriend supposed to be old and ugly? He's clearly a top-tier hunk!"

"Don't be hasty. Maybe the old man hasn't arrived yet?"

Bianca's fans refused to admit they were making things up.

"Wasn't someone going to force Isabella to apologize to Bianca? Why is it so quiet now?" someone mocked.

No one dared to do that.

Those bodyguards looked formidable, not the usual kind. If anyone stepped forward, they might be pinned down immediately.

These people were paid to do their job and wouldn't listen to reason.

Isabella waited in the hall for two hours, and people gossiped about her the entire time.

Michael never showed up.

As noon approached and the staff were about to go off duty, Isabella finally called Michael for the first time.

No answer!

She called again, same result.

Finally, his phone was turned off.

Isabella never expected Michael to disappear at this critical moment, making her so angry she wanted to drag him out herself.

Just before the staff were about to leave, a daring reporter handed a microphone to Thomas, who was sitting nearby.

Feeling both nervous and excited, he asked, "Hello, what is your relationship with Isabella? Do you know she stole her sister Bianca's boyfriend? Also, do you know why her husband Michael didn't show up for the divorce?"

"Mr. Reporter, you can mislead me into giving you the answer you want, but I can also sue you for defaming my client." Thomas's voice remained calm throughout. "My name is Thomas, and I am the chief attorney for Isabella's divorce case."

He glanced at the reporter, seemingly calm but with an underlying menace.

Thomas's name caused a stir among the crowd.

The man frequently featured on financial news, Thomas.

He owned the most famous financial company and had a legendary legal team that had never lost a case.

It was said that any case he handled never lost.

So when he said he was the chief attorney for Isabella's divorce case, did he mean he was going to use that legendary legal team for a simple divorce?

With Thomas's status and class, who would dare to mess with him?

In just a few seconds, the reporter was drenched in cold sweat. As he was about to retract the microphone and leave in a hurry,

Thomas grabbed the microphone and confronted Michael through the camera. "Mr. Brown, if you refuse to follow the usual procedures, we will have to take legal action. No matter where you are, the legal notice will be in your inbox tonight. I'll be waiting for you in Evergreen City!"

###chapter 45 A Complete Reversal

After Thomas finished speaking, he raised an eyebrow at the reporter, "You don't need me to tell you what to do next, right?"

The reporter nodded repeatedly, not daring to show any disrespect.

Thomas was a man with an undefeated team of lawyers at his disposal.

"Mr. Wilson, is this Michael you're referring to the president of the Brown Group in Evergreen City, Mr. Brown?" A bold member of the media approached and asked in a low voice.

The name Michael sounded familiar, but when associated with a divorce case, it inevitably drew attention.

"That's right!" Thomas responded decisively.

How... how could this be?

The reporters below were stunned, "So, Michael is..."

"Michael is my husband. I'm here today to divorce him. Does anyone know where he is?" Isabella said.

The reporters were too shocked to speak.

The news was too overwhelming for them to process immediately.

But someone still honestly shook their head, "We don't know Mr. Brown's whereabouts."

Isabella spoke to the camera, "Michael, get over here and divorce me. Don't think hiding will solve anything. My patience is limited. If you don't divorce me, be prepared to split half of your assets with me."

Everyone was stunned.

Online rumors had suggested that Bianca was Michael's lover and that Isabella, as the older sister, had seduced Michael.

But now, Isabella's husband was Michael.

So the real person who had ruined Isabella and Michael's relationship was Bianca!

The one playing the bad guy in the middle was Michael.

This was too shocking!

Almost everyone present had more or less cursed Isabella for seducing Bianca's boyfriend, because they believed in Bianca's side of the story.

But they hadn't expected the truth to be a complete reversal.

Whether or not Isabella had been with an older man for money, the fact that Bianca liked her sister Isabella's husband Michael and had deliberately slandered Isabella was now certain.

Bianca's perfect image was thus destroyed.

"Thomas, let's go." Isabella said.

With the spread of this news by the reporters, she didn't believe Michael could stay calm.

They said she ruined Bianca and Michael's relationship, so she would let everyone see who the real intruder was.

Since Michael wouldn't show up today, Isabella wouldn't waste any more time.

She and Thomas got into the car and left.

After Isabella left, many reporters followed her from a distance.

Because someone had just mentioned that Isabella had said yesterday she would kick the Taylor family out like trash today.

With Isabella's terrifying decisiveness, there was bound to be another big drama today.

Isabella was going to kick Indigo and Harper's family out of the house.

Those who heard this were naturally curious and wouldn't question who was so "smart" to bring it up at this time.

About forty minutes later.

The car arrived at the gate of a beautifully landscaped villa.

The house was in a prime location, not far from downtown, with a nearby wetland garden, making it a quiet place amidst the hustle and bustle.

Grace had loved this location so much that she sold her jewelry to buy it.

At the time, Daniel had been completely against Grace marrying Indigo.

After Grace got pregnant out of wedlock, Daniel cut off all financial support, and for the years Grace raised her child, she had been using her money to support Indigo.

Grace had thought her efforts would be rewarded, but in reality, her endless giving only led to more demands from Indigo.

Looking back, she really felt it wasn't worth it for Grace.

Indigo might never have liked Grace; he loved the power and wealth behind her.

Seeing a row of men in black standing outside, Indigo and Harper were too scared to open the door.

Isabella was not polite and signaled her people to take action.

The bodyguards were about to rush in.

Harper, seeing this from the second floor, shouted down in fear, "Isabella, you bitch, what do you think you're doing? This is my house. If you dare touch anything, I'll call the police and have you arrested for trespassing. You'll spend the rest of your life in jail!"

"Then go ahead!" Isabella said lightly, "Let's see who ends up in jail."

Grace had been ill but not completely unaware. This house had been in her name long before Harper and her mother arrived.

She had tolerated Indigo's behavior because he had been honest, but now that they were bullying her and trying to give benefits to Bianca, she wouldn't tolerate this disgusting family for another minute.

"I'll give you half an hour to pack your things and get out, or I'll throw you and your dirty belongings out together."

The black-clad bodyguards behind Isabella spread out in the yard, exuding a strong presence.

Indigo wanted to curse but, seeing those people, felt a chill in his heart and lost his nerve. "Isabella, I'm your biological father. People will call you unfilial if you kick me out. If you really dare to do this, I'll sever our relationship today"

Indigo's words no longer had any effect on Isabella. She said calmly, "Then let's sever it. It's useless to keep it!"

"You!" Indigo was stunned, seeing Isabella's cold expression, and didn't know what to say.

He slammed the door shut.

What a joke. He had lived here for half his life. This was his place. Who dared to make him move if he didn't agree?

When the time was up.

Isabella ordered her people to throw out everyone and everything that belonged to them.

Indigo was so scared he called the police.

Harper called Bianca, asking her to get Michael to come and save them.

But by this time, Michael had already landed in Novaterra, dealing with company projects and thinking about how to get Isabella to drop the divorce.

Aaron had immediately brought the domestic news to Michael.

At the same time, Michael saw Thomas's provocative words on camera, his face darkening.

Unable to reach Michael by phone, Bianca couldn't keep up the act.

She hurriedly left the hospital and went home.

Afraid that if she delayed any longer, she wouldn't even have a place to stay.

The whole building was surrounded. Bianca got out of the car just as the police arrived in response to Indigo's call. She gave her name and followed them inside.

There were so many people that it took her ten minutes to walk a short distance to her house.

Her hair was messy, and she had been touched by people claiming to be her fans. She finally made it into the yard, only to see Isabella leisurely sitting on a swing, playing with her phone.

Next to her, Thomas was peeling fruit for her.

Each had a black-clad bodyguard holding an umbrella to shield them from the sun. Isabella only had to open her mouth to eat whatever she wanted.

Isabella looked every bit the part of a mafia boss.

###chapter 46 Get Out of My Mom's House

Seeing Bianca and the police arrive, Indigo and Harper exchanged glances, feeling a surge of confidence.

They hurriedly opened the door and started arguing with Isabella.

"Officer, you're here just in time. It's her, Isabella. She hasn't come back for years, and now she wants to kick our whole family out and take over my property. Arrest her quickly." Indigo's voice grew louder as he spoke.

The police officer looked around. Not only was the place crowded with onlookers, but there was also a group of reporters with cameras.

He couldn't just listen to Indigo's side of the story.

Among everyone in the courtyard, the only one who seemed composed was Thomas, the man with gold-rimmed glasses standing next to Isabella.

"Can you explain what happened?" The police captain walked over and asked Thomas.

"Hello, officer. I'm Thomas, the head of Global Financial Solutions and the legal representative for Isabella. You can direct any questions to me." Thomas said.

The captain was taken aback. "You're the head of Global Financial Solutions, so you must know Ryan?"

Thomas smirked. "Ryan is an employee of my company."

The implication was clear.

The captain immediately understood and hurried over to shake hands and exchange pleasantries.

It was no small matter; Ryan had recently taken on a major international criminal case involving a notorious drug lord. Everyone thought the man would be extradited, but Ryan used his expertise in international law to ensure he was sentenced domestically.

The defendant had cried in court.

Ryan's reputation had skyrocketed, and many wanted to hire him, but he only worked for Global Financial Solutions.

Which meant he worked for Thomas's financial company.

Meeting Ryan's boss, the police captain couldn't help but be excited.

Thomas took the opportunity to explain the situation clearly, but Indigo felt something was off.

Harper, feeling she had no chance, pulled Bianca aside to ask, "Where's Michael? Why isn't he here yet? Didn't you call him?"

In Harper's eyes, Michael was destined to marry Bianca.

With the Taylor family in trouble, they naturally turned to him for help.

Bianca was anxious too, but she didn't dare show it in front of Isabella. She lowered her voice, "How would I know? I haven't been able to reach Michael since last night. Even today, he hasn't answered any of my calls."

Harper's face darkened. "What do we do? If he doesn't come, we can't do anything about Isabella!"

The captain had already investigated the matter.

It turned out Indigo had been occupying Grace's property.

Isabella presented the property documents with her name on them, irrefutable evidence.

The police only recognized the evidence. After explaining the situation, they ordered Indigo's family to move out immediately.

Even the onlookers fell silent.

The house was Grace's inheritance for Isabella, but Indigo and Harper's family had taken it over.

Hearing they had to leave, Harper lost it.

She sat on the ground, wailing and cursing, "This is my place. I'm not leaving. If you want me out, you'll have to step over my dead body. You call yourselves police? You're just in cahoots with Isabella."

Indigo's face darkened, and he quickly pulled Harper aside. "What are you doing? Bianca is a big star now. How can she continue her career with you causing a scene like this?"

Bianca felt embarrassed too.

Her public image was that of a noble and elegant piano prodigy. With reporters outside and Harper's disgraceful behavior, how could she maintain her standing in the entertainment industry?

With so many people watching, she couldn't lose her composure.

She could only direct her anger at Isabella. "Isabella, do you really want to see our family driven to despair? Mom and Dad loved you the most. I even gave up Michael for you, and now you treat us like enemies, leaving us with nowhere to go. How heartless!"

Tears streamed down Bianca's face as she spoke.

Hearing this, people couldn't help but gossip.

"So Michael was originally Isabella's husband, and Bianca gave him up for her. No wonder Isabella got divorced. She's so ungrateful, now she's even harming Bianca!"

"Isabella is just an ungrateful bitch!"

Someone outside shouted at Isabella.

Isabella's cold gaze silenced them immediately.

It was obvious Bianca's "fans" were causing trouble.

She slowly stood up, her high heels clicking as she approached Harper and Bianca.

She sneered, "I have to say, sometimes I really admire your ability to lie so confidently. My marriage to Michael was arranged by my grandfather and Aiden twenty years ago. Did you need to give him up for me?"

There was an uproar outside.

As always, Isabella's rebuttals were sharp and powerful.

Rumors had it that Bianca came from a wealthy family, had a rich and influential boyfriend, Michael, and was a piano prodigy. The truth was far from it.

Bianca's face turned pale.

Isabella continued, "Should I add that your mother, Harper, seduced Indigo while my mother was sick, worsening her condition? Why don't you mention that online? You and your mother are homewreckers!"

The onlookers were stunned.

They knew they had followed the right drama.

Seeing Isabella, whom she had bullied since childhood, now standing up to her, Bianca's eyes filled with hatred. "How dare you call my mom that? Show me the evidence, or stop slandering us."

"Evidence?" Isabella laughed. "When my mom died in the hospital, you were already six months in Harper's womb. So, you are the best evidence of Harper being Indigo's mistress!"

"I'm not! Shut up!" Bianca couldn't hold back any longer, her face twisted in anger. "Isabella, aren't you afraid Michael will get back at you?"

Isabella looked at her like she was an idiot. "'m divorcing him. Why would I care about him? Officer, please remove them from my home. I'm tired and don't want to see them here."

Isabella couldn't be bothered to argue with them anymore.

Under police supervision, Indigo's family had no choice but to pack up and leavee.

The remaining items were thrown onto the street by a dozen bodyguards.

With the matter settled, the onlookers and reporters were cleared out.

In the now-empty courtyard, only Isabella and Thomas remained.

Thomas put his arm around her shoulder, looking at the house with her.

Having lost his only sister Grace when he was young, he wouldn't let Isabella suffer any more injustice.

###chapter 47 Asking Michael for Help

Harper, who had just left the house, was still cursing loudly. Bianca, sitting nearby, couldn't hold back any longer. "Shut up! Do you think I haven't been embarrassed enough today?"

Harper's face stiffened, but she eventually closed her mouth.

She felt both proud and fearful of her daughter, Bianca.

After all, she was counting on Bianca for her future wealth and status.

Bianca's eyes were filled with disdain and irritation.

She couldn't understand what Indigo saw in Harper; even she couldn't stand Harper's shrewish behavior.

There were quite a few reporters and media present today.

The image she had been maintaining online these past few days was probably ruined.

Among the three of them, Indigo was the calmest. "Bianca, why don't you call Michael's assistant, Aaron, and ask what's going on? Just because Michael isn't answering doesn't mean Aaron won't."

"That's right, Michael has always cared about you the most. He wouldn't just ignore you. Hurry up and call him," Harper urged, finally catching on.

Bianca collected herself and called Aaron, who connected her to Michael.

Before Michael could even speak, Bianca started crying, causing Michael to frown deeply on the other end.

Bianca's tendency to cry at the drop of a hat was really annoying.

"Michael, Isabella kicked me and my parents out of the house today and called us homewreckers in front of everyone. We have nowhere to go now," Bianca sobbed as she spoke. "Isabella is trying to push us to the brink. Can you help me?"

"I'm not in the country. Let Aaron handle this for you. That's it, I'm hanging up," Michael said before ending the call.

He didn't even offer a word of comfort, leaving Bianca feeling disappointed.

But she believed Michael still cared about her; otherwise, he wouldn't have let her and her family stay in his house.

Soon, Bianca received a location message from Aaron.

It was one of Michael's vacant apartments.

She gripped her phone tightly, silently vowing.

Once she became the mistress of the Brown Family, the first person she would seek revenge on would be Isabella.

She would make Isabella pay back today's humiliation a hundredfold.

Abroad, Michael sat in a chair, pressing his stomach with a pained expression.

He had been busy handling company affairs and traveling long distances, which had triggered his gastritis.

There were also endless troubles back home.

He had watched all the videos Aaron had brought him. Isabella's boldness had taken him by surprise.

Not only had she made their divorce public, but she had also kicked Indigo's family out.

Despite knowing Michael didn't like her being with Thomas, she had stood by his side, affectionately holding his arm outside the courthouse.

She had even called out to the media with Thomas, announcing their intention to divorce Michael.

Thinking of her bright and flamboyant face on camera, Michael couldn't help but let out a bitter smile.

When Isabella decided to be ruthless, she really didn't leave him any dignity.

"Mr. Brown, there's a group of reporters outside wanting to interview you about the divorce," Aaron said, entering with a panicked expression.

Michael sat up straight, his face displeased. "Tell them I'm not accepting any interviews. Have security kick them out. If they don't listen, call the police!"

As Aaron left, a call from Aiden back home came in.

"What did I tell you? Didn't I ask you to speak nicely to Isabella? How did it end up in court?" Aiden's voice was full of vigor, and he could have scolded Michael for half an hour without getting tired.

On the other hand, Michael was already breaking out in a cold sweat.

"Grandpa, I've done everything I could," Michael said, his voice much lower.

"I think you just don't want to be with Isabella. You're still thinking about Bianca. Let me tell you, the Brown Family will never accept a woman like Bianca. You better give up on her."

"Grandpa, I didn't..."

Before Michael could finish, Aiden had already hung up in anger.

When Aaron came back in, he saw Michael pale and slumped in his chair, clutching his stomach, looking terrified. "Mr. Brown, are you okay? I'll call an ambulance right now!"

Michael's condition was so alarming that Aaron, holding his phone, was about to make the call when Michael stopped him. "I'm not going to the hospital. Things here are almost settled. Book a flight back home for tomorrow morning."

Perhaps it was because he had spent so much time with Isabella recently.

He started to recall the times he had been cold to her.

He finally know how it felt like to want to hold onto someone but was repeatedly rejected.

That night, Isabella slept in Grace's house.

The place no longer had any traces of Indigo's family, only the original look of the house remained.

Over the years, Grace's memories had gradually faded from her mind. She had to look at photos of her younger self often to remember her clearly.

She was afraid of forgetting Grace.

Sleeping in the familiar bedroom, surrounded by familiar surroundings, distant memories seemed to become clearer.

It made her feel closer to Grace.

Early the next morning, her subordinate Jesse arrived at Isabella's new residence.

He had prepared the documents and clothes she needed for work.

Walking into the house, Jesse looked around curiously at the decor, quite surprised.

Isabella had restored it to how it looked like when she was little, with no extra decorations or luxurious style, just a simple set of wooden furniture, reflecting the house's original design concept.

It was warm and unique.

"What are you looking at?" Isabella asked as she came down the stairs, dressed in a white business suit.

Jesse looked up and smiled. "It seems like there are traces of Ms. Wilson's childhood here. It gives a warm and comfortable feeling. Such a nice house, it's a shame it was wasted on the Taylor Family."

"Don't worry, their punishment is far from over," Isabella said, her eyes narrowing. Indigo's family owed her and Grace, and she would make sure to collect it all.

The education and medical base project proposed by the Wilson Family last time had been progressing smoothly.

Not only did they have the $950 million Michael had invested at the banquet, but they also had the strong support of two major companies.

The Wilson Group had made a spectacular comeback in front of everyone.

After this, the shareholders of the Wilson Group no longer dared to oppose Isabella.

After all, Isabella truly had the capability.

Moreover, Isabella didn't spare any face for these old shareholders.

If they had valid points, it was fine. But if they tried to cause trouble based on their status, they would only embarrass themselves.

In the large conference room.

"Ms. Taylor, the developer of the Crystal Cove water resort is unable to repay their debts and is now offering to sell the entire resort at a low price. Should we take this opportunity to acquire it?"

Today's meeting was specifically called to discuss this matter.

The person in charge of Crystal Cove had already fled overseas, leaving behind a mess.

###chapter 48 The Taste of Being Beaten

Crystal Cove was not small in scale, and its location was fairly decent, but the point was that there were too many problematic accounts.

Once taken over, just handling the various processes would waste a lot of time.

It was time-consuming, labor-intensive, and costly, plus the risk was great, so few companies in Evergreen City dared to take it on completely.

But Crystal Cove WAs located in the central part of Evergreen City.

The Wilson Family was not interested in the resort but in the land of Crystal Cove.

If the Wilson Family acquired this land, they could establish a firm foothold in Evergreen City.

Unfortunately, the Brown Group was also interested in this land.

They had already negotiated with the person in charge of the Crystal Cove project several times before the Wilson Family.

"Michael is also interested in Crystal Cove?" Isabella tapped her fingers on the table.

Although the Crystal Cove project indeed had risks, if Michael was involved, it meant this land was definitely not ordinary. Or, he wanted to use this to prevent the Wilson Group from advancing into the southern part of Valoria.

No matter what, the more he didn't want the Wilson Group to succeed, the more she wanted to prove herself.

She said, "Find someone to investigate the underlying issues of the Crystal Cove land, and also, find out the bottom price offered by the Brown Group. By any means necessary, acquire this land before the Brown Group."

With Thomas's legal team, she didn't need to worry about what was coming after.

Everything would be resolved.

Isabella had an idea in her mind, and when she gave the order, she exuded a powerful and convincing aura.

Her confidence came not only from her own judgment but also from her several omnipotent uncles.

She had just walked out of the conference room.

Isabella saw several missed calls from Aiden on her phone.

She felt a bit guilty.

Aiden was getting old and not in good health. The big fuss over her divorce from Michael would definitely make Aiden very sad.

Isabella thought about it and decided to buy some things and visit Aiden in the evening.

Aiden had always been kind to her, and she couldn't ignore that.

As for the others, she would just pretend not to see them.

In the evening, Isabella stood outside the gate of the Brown Villa with a fruit gift box. Her raised hand slowly fell back down.

A few days ago, she had been so decisive in front of the reporters.

But when it came to facing Michael, her aura disappeared instantly.

Michael had always opposed her.

"Mrs. Brown! Come in quickly!" Sophia Thompson, who was carrying groceries, saw Isabella and her eyes lit up.

In the three years since Isabella married into the family, she had never shown the bad temper rumored outside and was never harsh to the servants. She was also very filial to Aiden.

Even when Stella deliberately ordered her around every day, she never complained and never asked the servants for help.

She always did things quietly by herself.

In the end, it was Michael who was too much. Not only did he not come home often, but he also entangled with Bianca outside, angering Isabella.

Anyone would find it hard to endure.

"Sophia, is Michael home?" Isabella asked softly.

Seeing the nervousness on Isabella's face, Sophia patted her, "Don't worry, Mr. Michael Brown is not home. It seems something happened at the company, and Mr. Michael Brown hasn't been back for a long time. Mrs. Brown, you came back this time to visit Mr. Aiden Brown, right?"

Isabella nodded.

Sophia smiled and led Isabella inside.

As they walked, they talked about Aiden's recent condition. "Let's go in quickly. Mr. Aiden Brown has been thinking about you these past few days. I heard that you are officially filing for divorce from Mr. Michael Brown, and he has been so worried that he can't eat. The doctor just came by this morning."

Stella was sitting in the hall, fiddling with her freshly done nails, when she saw Isabella following Sophia inside.

Her face immediately turned displeased. "Sophia, how can you bring anyone in as you please!"

Sophia, who was responsible for Aiden's meals, was not under Stella's authority and naturally wasn't afraid of her. "Mrs. Stella Brown, what do you mean by that? She hasn't divorced Mr. Brown yet. This house is still open to her whenever she wants to come in. Besides, Mr. Brown wants to see her the most right now. If you upset Mr. Brown, I wonder if you can bear the responsibility, Mrs. Stella Brown."

Stella was furious, but her momentum dropped immediately when it came to Aiden.

Everyone knew that Aiden was so worried about their divorce that his heart couldn't take it, and the doctor had been called.

Sophia turned to Isabella and said, "Mr. Brown is resting in his room. You can go straight there. If anyone dares to stop you, Mr. Brown won't let them off."

"Sophia, don't think you can shout at me just because Mr. Brown supports you!" Stella was livid, pointing at Sophia with a red face. "No matter what, you're just a servant. I'm the mistress of this house. What right do you have to defy me?"

But Sophia didn't respond to her at all and went into the kitchen with her things.

Stella's anger then focused entirely on Isabella. "I thought it was someone else. Weren't you quite tough when you walked out of this house? Why you're back so soon, lowering yourself?"

The news of Isabella calling for a divorce from Michael had spread like wildfire online.

Seeing her now made Stella even angrier. "Michael doesn't want you, and now you dare to smear the Brown Family online? A bumpkin like you isn't even worthy of being Michael's wife!"

Stella's actions didn't mean much to Isabella.

She didn't have the energy to waste time with her.

In a calm tone, she said, "Have you finished? If so, I'm leaving."

Stella was so angry that her fingertips were trembling.

Seeing Isabella walking towards the backyard without a care, Stella was burning with rage and raised her hand to hit her. "How dare you come here? There's no place for you here. Get out!"

Before her hand could touch Isabella, Isabella grabbed Stella's wrist.

Stella's eyes widened, and she tried to pull back, but Isabella's grip was so strong that it changed her expression in pain.

"I don't want to waste time on someone like you. If you want to get physical, I don't mind showing you what a real beating feels like!" With that, Isabella released her, and Stella staggered back, almost falling.

"You... you uncultured woman, you're a lunatic!" Unable to win physically, Stella resorted to cursing Isabella.

Isabella gave her a cold look, and Stella immediately shrank back. With no one else in the hall, if Isabella started a fight, she would really be left with nothing but a beating.

"Just you wait. When Michael comes back, I'll make sure you pay for this!" Stella clutched her wrist and quickly ran upstairs.

Isabella turned and went to the backyard. For the past three years, Stella had always looked down on her, and on the day she filed for divorce, Stella had even invited Bianca and her mother over as guests.

She had long stopped seeing Stella as an elder.

So she wouldn't show Stella any kindness anymore.

###chapter 49 Michael is Back

Aiden was truly ill.

When Isabella walked in, Aiden was lying weakly on the bed, with an IV drip attached to his hand.

Isabella felt even more guilty.

It was all because of her that Aiden was so affected and fell ill.

"Aiden, I'm back to see you." Isabella placed the fruit aside and walked up with a smile, "I specially bought your favorite fruits. You can eat some when you're free, but not too much, or your blood sugar will rise."

Isabella nagged Aiden as she usually did.

Aiden, however, enjoyed it and patted her hand, "I know, Isabella has always been a sensible and obedient child. It's Michael's fault for not being able to keep you."

Isabella lowered her head, not daring to look into Aiden's eyes, feeling inevitably guilty. "I'm sorry. It's my fault for spreading the news. If you want to blame someone, blame me."

Aiden shook his head and sighed, "How can I blame you? If anyone is to blame, it's Michael for not taking responsibility. He promised to treat you well for a lifetime when he married you. It's my fault for not educating him well and making you bear so much. Isabella, I've never blamed you. I just hope you can come to see me often."

Isabella felt a pang in her heart. "Don't worry. Whether Michael and I divorce or not, I've always considered you my family. I'll come to see you whenever I have time, okay?"

"Good, I've been waiting for those words." Aiden happily sat up, but couldn't help coughing a few times.

"Have some water." Isabella brought over a cup of water.

"I'm old. I don't know how many more years I have left." Aiden said slowly.

"No, you're healthy and won't get old." Isabella comforted him.

"You always know what to say." Aiden's face showed more smiles, but also more reluctance towards Isabella. "Isabella, now that you're back, when do you plan to leave? Can you stay a few more days to keep me company? The house is always empty, and there's no one to talk to."

Isabella couldn't bear to refuse Aiden at this moment. She thought that since Michael wasn't home, she could wait until Aiden felt better before leaving.

Now Aiden's health was poor and ate much less.

Isabella personally made some porridge, and Aiden bearly ate some.

Isabella promised not to leave tonight, and Aiden slept peacefully.

It was already night, and Isabella returned to her previous bedroom.

She took a shower and went to sleep.

Michael arrived home late at night after his flight, feeling weak due to his stomach issues. He pushed open the door and collapsed onto the bed.

A familiar scent filled his nose.

It was unique to Isabella.

Impossible!

How could she be here?

Michael chuckled bitterly. He thought he must be so tired that he was having hallucinations

He unconsciously turned over, facing a small sleeping face.

In the moonlight, Isabella's delicate features were clearly visible. Michael's hand couldn't help but reach out.

So soft, so real.

It really was her!

Isabella was awakened by the pain. In the middle of the night, someone was pinching her face and touching her.

She opened her eyes to see a large shadow in front of her. Isabella quickly sat up and turned on the bedside lamp.

"Michael! What are you doing here!" Isabella blurted out in shock.

Michael found her reaction amusing, "Shouldn't I be asking you that? This is my house, my room!"

Isabella opened her mouth, wanting to explain but feeling it unnecessary.

After all, she came to see Aiden. Since he was back, she would leave.

As she got up to leave, Michael grabbed her wrist and pushed her back down.

His voice was weak and hoarse, but his grip was strong. "Why are you running? Weren't you just demanding a divorce from me two days ago? Now you're regretting it and trying to seduce me by lying in my bed?"

"Seduce you in your bed?" Isabella sneered. She admitted that Michael's handsomeness could make her dazed.

But after three years, his coldness had worn out her patience.

No matter how good-looking Michael was, she had lost interest.

"I was sleeping here peacefully, and you sneaked into the room and pinched me. You took advantage of me and now want to slander me." She couldn't help but raise her voice, "Do you want to look at my face? The marks are the best evidence!"

Isabella pointed to her red, hot cheek, her eyes full of anger.

Michael saw it too.

His eyes flickered. He thought he was hallucinating earlier, so he wanted to touch her to see if she was real.

He didn't control his strength.

"Let me see." Michael lowered his head and moved closer to her face.

"Stay away." Isabella, nervous, hit her head on the bed's switch, plunging the room into darkness again.

Only their intertwined breaths and the faint moonlight remained.

Michael's perfect face was magnified in front of her, his deep, dark eyes exuding a bewitching allure that deeply attracted her.

The scent of male hormones overwhelmed her, and Isabella blushed.

"Stay away from me." Isabella turned her head, trying to push Michael away. She kept moving to the side, almost falling off the bed.

Fortunately, Michael's large hand caught her, pulling her back under him, their bodies intertwined again.

Isabella pushed against him, but Michael was like a mountain pressing down on her.

Unable to move him, she could only vent her anger with words, "You were hiding. Why come back now?"

Michael, feeling unwell, initially planned to talk things out with her. Hearing her mention this, he endured the discomfort to argue with her. "Isabella. Have you forgotten the agreement you signed? As soon as Daniel's condition improved, you asked for a divorce and made the whole Evergreen City know while I was away!"

Michael narrowed his eyes, "How does it feel to see the news of you being dumped by the Brown Group's heir on the headlines?"

He pinned her hands to the pillow, his eyes in the dark like a hungry wolf, ready to devour her.

Isabella was too scared to speak.

Michael stared at her, his gaze turning from scrutiny to heat, "Isabella, do we really have to divorce?"

Isabella's eyelids twitched.

She instinctively lowered her eyes, avoiding Michael's eyes.

She didn't believe it was real. "I've already given you the answer. This marriage must end!"

###chapter 50 Overthinking

He was the one who didn't want to get married at first, and for three years after the wedding, he ignored her and treated her coldly.

Even when she put aside all her pride to please him, she couldn't get a shred of warmth from him.

Now she had figured it out.

She wouldn't go back.

Michael's eyes were deep, "Then what are you doing here, lying in our marital bed? Didn't you say everything here has nothing to do with you?"

He questioned her hoarsely, propping himself up to loom over her.

His gaze swept over her, almost imperceptibly.

Isabella sensed unease, wriggling to escape, but in doing so, she repeatedly teased Michael's fraying nerves.

They were very close, and she was only wearing a thin, gauzy nightgown.

Michael's eyes turned red with restraint.

Isabella, however, was unaware. "Michael, don't overthink it. I'm just here to visit Aiden. It has nothing to do with you."

"Really? Then prove to me that you don't feel anything for me!" Michael grabbed her chin and kissed her hard.

He didn't believe Isabella had no feelings for him at all. Otherwise, she wouldn't have stayed in this house for three years and cared for him so attentively.

He even missed the Isabella from before she talked about divorce.

Back then, she would make him delicious food and have hot water ready for his bath before he got home from work.

But the current Isabella gave him the feeling that she could leave him at any moment.

No matter what he did, he couldn't keep her.

Michael's kiss grew deeper and more domineering. When his large hand slipped under her dress, Isabella bit his lip hard and kicked him off the bed.

"Michael, I'm not your wife anymore. If you touch me again, I'll call the police and accuse you of sexual assault!" Isabella wiped her lips harshly with the back of her hand. "And stay away from me. Just seeing you makes me sick!"

Isabella's words made Michael's desire die down.

His face turned dark. "Isabella, don't regret this."

With that, he grabbed his coat and slammed the door on his way out.

Isabella, lying in bed, was wide awake, glaring at the door with gritted teeth.

She wouldn't regret it. She only regretted not checking his whereabouts before coming, ending up running into him in bed.

The next day.

Isabella got up early to help Sophia prepare desserts for Aiden.

Aiden had been eating less lately, but seeing Isabella's effort, he ate some more dessert and felt much better.

Isabella accompanied him for a walk in the backyard.

The air was great on an early autumn morning, and the garden's various exotic flowers were in full bloom. Isabella and Aiden chatted and laughed, even video-calling Daniel in the hospital.

The three of them talked for quite a while.

As they were about to leave, Isabella's smile vanished when she saw something in the distance.

Michael and Bianca were walking side by side toward the garden.

Michael had arranged for Indigo's family to stay in an apartment under his name. Harper had brought Bianca over early in the morning to thank him, but more importantly, to see Michael.

"Michael, I don't mean to speak ill of Isabella, but she went too far this time. She kicked our whole family out and exposed us online." Bianca wiped her tears. "She even wants to drive us out of Evergreen City."

"She's just talking." Michael didn't think Isabella had that kind of power.

Bianca felt indignant, sensing that Michael was always siding with Isabella. "But why does Isabella have to be so ruthless? I've already been very accommodating to her, yet she still wants to make things difficult for me."

Michael always thought Thomas had given Isabella the confidence to divorce.

Although Thomas was part of the Wilson Family, he wasn't the heir to the Wilson Group.

Thomas was currently busy with his own company and had his hands full, but the heir to the Wilson Group was giving him a headache.

He was preparing to acquire the Crystal Cove resort.

But the Wilson Group had suddenly shown interest in the project as well.

As far as he knew, the Wilson Group had just resolved its financial issues, yet they dared to compete with the Brown Group for a project. This mysterious heir was quite ambitious.

He wanted to see for himself what she was up to.

"Aiden, the doctor is coming soon. Let Sophia take you back to your room. I want to walk around a bit more and will join you shortly." Seeing the two approaching, Isabella deliberately stood in front of Aiden to block his view.

Aiden was determined to have her return to the Brown Family. If he saw the two of them walking closely together, he would be furious.

Fortunately, Aiden didn't think much of it. He smiled and nodded, telling Isabella to stay a bit longer and relax.

After Sophia took Aiden away, Isabella also planned to leave, not wanting any interaction with the two.

But as she turned, she ran into Stella and Harper.

Behind them were Michael and Bianca, and she didn't want to see either group.

At that moment, she felt the Brown Family's backyard was too small.

"You say you're not trying to get back into the Brown Family, yet you're still here the next day, shamelessly waiting for Michael to come back, aren't you?" Stella got angry at the sight of Isabella.

She was ready to settle yesterday's score.

Harper hated Isabella even more. No matter how nice Michael's apartment was, it wasn't her house.

Knowing that the house Isabella had taken was now worth millions of dollars, Harper felt like her heart was bleeding.

Harper said, "Isabella, your father and I raised you for so many years. Not only did you not help us, but you also took our house. You're just as bad as your mother, doing all sorts of evil. You'll get your comeuppance sooner or later!"

Isabella had planned to avoid these annoying people.

She didn't expect them to come looking for a fight.

Did they think she would be scared just because there were more of them?

One or two made no difference to her.

"Harper, you'd better watch your mouth. Don't say anything you can't take back. What right do you have to mention my mother? If anyone's going to get their comeuppance, it'll be you first. You should go to hell!" Isabella cursed with satisfaction.

Michael and Bianca heard the commotion and walked over.

Seeing a group of people she didn't want to see, Isabella cracked her neck. "Fine, let's get this over with. Come at me all at once. Let's see what you've got!"

She had no reason to hold back against a bunch of scumbags.

"Michael, look at her. She has no manners at all, not even sparing my mom. How can she be like this?" Bianca pulled Michael over, trying to show him Isabella's true colors.

Isabella sneered. "What, are you in a hurry because it's not your turn yet? Your family lived in my mom's house for over a decade. The three of you together don't have a single brain cell. You should be grateful that I'm just telling you to get lost. And wipe that disgusting look off your face. You go online calling others mistresses and boyfriend-stealers. Aren't you the one actually seducing someone else's husband?"

Isabella easily traded insults with them.

###chapter 51 Protecting Her

"Isabella, take a good look at where you are. This is the Brown Villa, not a place where you can act recklessly!" Seeing the situation, Stella tried to act tough.

"So what? Can you control my mouth or my legs? I'll say whatever I want and go wherever I please. Can you stop me?" Isabella said.

Stella's chest heaved with anger, but before she could speak, Isabella's red lips curved into a smile. "You think I don't have the right, huh? You do? You can't even drink water without someone feeding you, and you cry for half a day over a broken nail. If you were in charge, the Brown Family would be finished!"

Stella was not only trembling with rage but also embarrassed by the exposure of her private matters.

Michael, standing to the side, was stunned.

He knew Isabella was articulate, but he had never seen such a heated scene before.

He had thought she would be bullied and wronged.

Unexpectedly, she could handle three people on her own without breaking a sweat.

"Isabella, you bitch! How dare you talk to me like that? I'm gonna smash your mouth today!"Stella's face turned red.

No one had ever dared to speak to her like that.

Yesterday, she couldn't beat Isabella, but today Michael was here, and he would surely take her side.

But unexpectedly, it was Michael who stopped the slap.

Isabella was also stunned.

Was Michael out of his mind?

At this moment, shouldn't he be avenging Stella and Bianca? Yet he stopped Stella's slap for her!

"Michael, why are you stopping me? Isabella insulted me and you still siding with her?" Stella said.

"Mom, Isabella is my wife. If I don't side with her, who will? We haven't even divorced yet!" Michael frowned. "And why wouldn't she have a share in this family? She's my wife, so the Brown Family is hers too!"

Seeing Stella ready to strike, he seemed to understand what Isabella had endured these three years in the Brown Family.

He also understood why she was so determined to leave here, to leave him.

Her transformation into who she was today seemed inseparable from his three years of indifference.

He suddenly felt a pang of guilt.

Isabella had never complained to him about how his family treated her.

His realization came too late, and he only hoped to make it up to her, to prevent her from suffering any more grievances.

"Michael, what nonsense are you talking about? How could the Brown Family be hers? Did Isabella drug you? How can you side with her!" Stella shook off Michael's hand, clutching her stifled chest.

Harper and Bianca, standing nearby, also sensed something was wrong.

Bianca glanced at Michael secretly, but at this moment, Michael's eyes were only on Isabella.

Michael was the man she had loved for over a decade. How could Bianca not notice the change in his eyes?

Michael seemed to have genuinely fallen for Isabella and was even defying Stella for her.

Bianca's face turned grim.

Michael said, "Mom, just because I haven't said anything doesn't mean I don't know. You know how you've made things difficult for Isabella these past three years. Now that we're on the brink of divorce, isn't it enough?"

Hearing this, Bianca's heart trembled.

She hurried to stand by Stella's side to explain, "Michael, how can you say that about Mrs. Brown? Isabella asked for a divorce because she loves someone else. Mrs. Brown is doing this for you. What you're doing will break her heart!"

Bianca intentionally brought up Isabella and Thomas.

This was the one thing Michael cared about the most.

In the past, whenever this was mentioned, Michael would get extremely angry.

But this time, Bianca seemed to have miscalculated.

Michael gave her a cold glance, his eyes devoid of any emotion. "Bianca, you can have the apartment you're living in now, but from today on, don't let me see you causing trouble for Isabella again!"

Michael's powerful presence and the warning in his tone were undeniable.

Isabella was stunned.

She had prepared to make her move but Michael stepped in.

"Isabella, come with me!" Before Isabella could react, Michael had already grabbed her wrist and walked away briskly.

Although Isabella hadn't used her full strength, she had won this round completely.

Even Stella felt utterly humiliated.

Usually, she thought Harper was quite clever, but at the critical moment, she couldn't even handle Isabella.

No wonder he was driven out by Isabella.

And Bianca, Michael had just sided with Isabella so blatantly, yet she stood there like a wooden statue, not knowing what to say.

All she did was lower her head and cry. Michael had already left; what good was crying now?

Stella looked at the Harper and Bianca, shaking her head in dissatisfaction. "Bianca, this won't do. Look at how Isabella won Michael over with just a few words. If you keep silent, you won't stand a chance."

"I understand, Mrs. Brown. I'll find opportunities to spend more time with Michael." Bianca said.

"It seems I have to step in personally. Isabella is not simple. Even though they're about to divorce, she can still enchant Michael. I need to have someone keep an eye on her to prevent any more changes!" Watching Isabella and Michael disappear, Stella narrowed her eyes.

Meanwhile.

Michael pulled Isabella to a corner of the garden, only to have her shake off his hand immediately.

"Michael, what are you doing? Ignoring your beloved Bianca to bother me?" Isabella was confused.

"Isabella, what do you really want?" Michael raised his voice.

"What I want? Didn't I make myself clear?" Isabella found it amusing, looking up at Michael coldly.

The phone rang, and Isabella answered it in front of him.

The person on the other end seemed to invite her out for the evening, and she agreed.

Just as she was about to leave, Michael grabbed her, frowning. "Where are you going? It's late, and you're still going out with someone?"

"Michael, do you hear yourself? What does it matter to you where I go?" Isabella tried to shake him off, but Michael's hand wouldn't move, and she couldn't break free.

"Don't go out. I'll agree to any request you have today." After speaking, Michael seemed afraid of what she might say next and quickly added, "Except for divorce!"

Isabella raised an eyebrow. "Then come with me to court tomorrow, and I won't go out tonight."

"Tomorrow is also no good. Isabella, we..."

Before Michael could finish, Isabella seized the opportunity to pull her hand away. "Then we have nothing to talk about."

Isabella walked away quickly, as if afraid Michael would follow her.

Michael stood there, feeling uneasy with his empty hand.

He had actually wanted to tell her not to bring up divorce again.

He thought, 'Isabella, stop this. Can't we go back to how things were?'

Back in the bedroom, Michael lay on the bed, his arm over his forehead, and called Aaron. "Get me all the recent movements of Mrs. Brown, including where she's going tonight. Report everything to me."

###chapter 52 Mistaken Identity

Michael instructed, "Additionally, continue investigating Mrs. Brown's past, using any means necessary."

Aaron nodded, "Yes."

Just as Michael finished giving instructions, his friend Ethan called, inviting him out for some fun. "Don't just work all day. What's the difference between you and a robot?"

Michael was already in a foul mood from Isabella's leave, so he agreed immediately.

They met at a newly opened restaurant.

Since their last race, the two hadn't been in touch for a few days. Ethan, dressed in a white casual outfit with hair falling over his forehead, looked no different from a college student.

In contrast, Michael's handsome face was full of fatigue.

The difference between the two was stark.

The table was already set with food, and as soon as Michael arrived, Ethan started eating heartily, showing a great appetite.

Michael raised an eyebrow and poured himself a glass of wine. He really wasn't hungry. "You seem quite happy. What is it?"

Ethan took a sip of water, his eyes sparkling. "I recently joined a new racing team. The members are all college students, and there are quite a few beauties. Being with them every day makes me feel a lot younger."

"A racing team?" Michael knew Ethan liked these things but only as a hobby. Out of concern, he advised, "It's fine to play around, but don't get too involved. It's dangerous, and if your family finds out, you'll be in trouble!"

"I only told you about this. Don't let it get back to my parents. I don't want to be dragged home at my age; I'd go crazy." Ethan said.

"How old are you now? Can you live like this forever? I heard your family has lined up quite a few wealthy ladies for you. Aren't you going to meet them?" Michael smirked, finding amusement in Ethan's situation.

In their circle, Michael and Ethan were the closest in age, but their personalities were vastly different.

Ethan had always been rebellious, never willing to follow his family's orders.

At twenty-seven, he hadn't even had a serious relationship.

He even claimed to be a non-marriage advocate.

He wanted to be free for life.

Ethan's mother often asked Michael privately if Ethan liked men.

She was almost convinced they were a couple.

It wasn't until Michael married Isabella that the rumors were dispelled.

At the mention of blind dates, Ethan got a headache. "What's the point? They're all like Bianca, shy and speaking in whispers. They're not as interesting as Isabella!"

Hearing Isabella's name from another man's mouth, even if it was Ethan, was unacceptable.

Michael's eyes turned cold, full of menace. "She's mine. Don't even think about it."

Ethan smirked, "I was just making a point. You protect her so much, why didn't you treat her better before? Now look at the mess. How are you going to fix it?"

Michael was silent for a moment.

He thought of the past three years, downed his drink in one gulp.

The bitterness spread from his throat to his heart.

He exhaled slowly, "I don't know what to do either, but the problem is I failed to be a good husband."

Michael understood how much Isabella had suffered in the past three years, and he wanted to make it up to her.

But he didn't know where to start.

Just then, Stella called. "Michael, I told you to divorce that bitch Isabella, but you didn't believe me. Look at what she's been doing behind your back!"

Stella quickly sent photos to Michael's phone.

Several high-definition shots showed Isabella sitting with a mature man, laughing and acting intimately.

The location was a hotel across from the restaurant he was in.

"When did this happen?" Michael frowned, recognizing the red dress Isabella was wearing.

Stella said, "Just now. I knew she suddenly got so confident because someone was backing her. Luckily, I had someone watch her, or she would've ruined the Brown family's reputation! Why are you still keeping a woman like Isabella? She's so eager to divorce you; she might have already cheated on you with another man..."

Michael didn't listen to the rest. He stood up and headed straight to the hotel across the street, following the direction in the photos.

The front desk recognized the VIP suite in the photos.

When Michael arrived, he was stopped by black-suited bodyguards outside. "Sorry, Ms. Wilson is in a meeting. No one can disturb her right now. If you have business, please wait."

Michael squinted, "Ms. Wilson? You mean the heir of the Wilson Group, Ms. Wilson?"

The bodyguard proudly lifted his chin, "Of course. The Wilson Group has only one Ms. Wilson. Who else could it be?"

From outside, Michael saw the familiar figure with long hair and a refined man sitting opposite her. He barged in. "Isabella, what are you doing here?"

The woman turned around, looking puzzled.

The woman who looked at him had the same lively eyes as Isabella, a beautiful face, and full red lips, exuding a unique charm.

She was undeniably beautiful but not in the same style as Isabella.

Their backs and figures were similar, but the sharpness and scrutiny in her eyes were not something Isabella would have.

Seeing Michael, Isabella's eyes slightly lifted, her brows showing displeasure at being intruded upon.

"Who are you looking for?" She looked at him, her voice cold as ice.

The icy tone brought Michael back to reality. She wasn't Isabella. "Sorry, you look too much like someone I know. I was in a hurry and made a mistake."

"Really?" Hearing his explanation, Isabella's interest piqued, her tone chilly. "Who is it that made you so agitated?"

When Michael had rushed in, he looked anxious, very unlike his usual self.

She secretly hoped for his answer.

Michael had already calmed down. He discreetly observed the women in front of him but couldn't find any trace of the Isabella he knew.

He replied in a deep voice, "Just someone unimportant."

Isabella's hand clenched tightly at her side.

Unimportant?

She knew she wouldn't hear any compliments from Michael.

Isabella was furious inside but showed no sign of it.

She looked at Michael coldly, her tone even icier, "In that case, Mr. Brown, I hope you can control yourself in the future. It's really rude to rush into someone else's room just because they look familiar!"

Michael was momentarily speechless.

But he quickly caught the key point, "You know who I am?"

He frowned, sensing a flaw.

Could she really be who he thought she was?

###chapter 53 Should I Call You Isabella or Ms. Wilson?

Isabella's response was a cold laugh, "Mr. Brown, you really have a poor memory. Who in the entire business world doesn't know that the Brown Group always suppresses the Wilson Group! Using the influence of Evergreen City to pressure major corporations just to snatch projects from me, I must say, you have quite the tactics."

From the moment the island project began, Michael had been curious about the Wilson Family heir.

Now that he saw her, she was exactly as he had imagined.

Isabella's aura and dominance clearly showed she had been in the business world for many years.

However, her relentless questioning made him feel a bit uncomfortable.

To suppress the Wilson Group, he had indeed recently instructed Aaron to intercept several collaborations that were originally meant for the Wilson Group.

He just wanted them to see the reality of the situation.

In Evergreen City, no one dared to oppose the Brown Group.

But this was the business world, and he didn't need to explain to anyone, "There are many reasons for failing to secure a collaboration, it's not necessarily due to someone else's suppression. Ms. Wilson, with your many years of business experience, surely you wouldn't care about those few small projects?"

"You..." Isabella was furious, her beautiful eyes glaring at Michael, clearly enraged by his words.

"Let's wait and see, shall we?" Neither of them was the type to back down, especially when it came to their own interests, so naturally, they wouldn't give an inch.

Isabella turned and said a few words to the man she was negotiating with, then got up and left with him.

As she reached the door, she didn't forget to give Michael a fierce glare.

Watching Isabella's departing figure, Michael couldn't help but frown.

She was so much like Isabella.

The same figure, the same style of dress, he still found it hard to believe there could be such a coincidence in the world.

But when Michael thought of Isabella's aggressive tone and the undeniable sharpness in her demeanor, his suspicion subsided again.

When Aaron received the news and arrived, the entire private room was empty except for Michael.

Hearing that Michael had encountered the Wilson Group heir, Aaron, fearing it might cause some trouble, didn't dare to delay for a moment.

"Mr. Brown, did you get along well with with the Wilson Group heir?" Aaron asked cautiously.

Michael frowned and asked him back, "Did you find out Mrs. Brown's whereabouts as I asked?"

Aaron was taken aback, "Mrs. Brown hasn't left the house at all."

If he had found anything, he would have reported it to Michael.

Michael's frown deepened, he still couldn't believe there could be two people so alike in the world. "Find someone to investigate the Wilson Group heir's information, as quickly as possible."

Aaron responded, wanting to ask if he should still track Isabella's whereabouts, but seeing the gloom on Michael's face, he swallowed his words.

Meanwhile.

As soon as Isabella left the hotel, she was picked up by a discreet black business car.

As soon as she sat down, she called Thomas.

Her voice changed from the cold tone earlier to her usual one, "Thomas, please help me!"

"Isabella, what's wrong?" Thomas had always been adoring Isabella.

"My identity might have been discovered by Michael. Can you find someone to cover it up for me? It's best if Michael doesn't find out anything." Isabella said.

Thomas quickly agreed, "Got it. If Michael wants to investigate your background, let him dream on!"

Isabella finally sighed inrelief.

She then had someone quickly take her back to the Brown Villa; Michael wouldn't let this go easily.

He would definitely try every possible way to confirm she was Ms. Wilson.

Isabella guessed right.

She had just entered her room ten minutes ago when Michael followed closely behind.

The door was pushed open forcefully, and Michael called her name in a deep voice, "Isabella, come out!"

The entire room was empty.

Before Michael could call out a second time, Isabella, wrapped in a towel, pushed open the bathroom door.

Her hair was wet as she walked out, meeting Michael's furious gaze. "Michael, what are you thinking? I'm just taking a bath. If you don't want to stay here, go sleep in the guest room. Don't disturb my rest."

Michael's eyes were sharp, as if he wanted to see through her completely.

The same figure, the same features.

But he couldn't pinpoint what felt off. Michael couldn't help but compare the Isabella he had just seen at the hotel with the one in front of him now.

He was certain that the person in front of him was Isabella; her mannerisms and speech were different from the one earlier.

Could he really be overthinking it?

But his instincts couldn't be wrong.

He narrowed his eyes, took a long stride towards Isabella, and pinned her against the wall, staring into her eyes as he asked, "Should I call you Isabella or Ms. Wilson?"

Michael watched Isabella's reaction closely.

But she didn't show a hint of panic.

She was as calm as if she had heard a stranger's name.

"If you're looking for someone else, go find them outside. Get out of my sight." Isabella's tone was indifferent, not taking it seriously at all.

Michael's face darkened, "Are you really not the Ms. Wilson?"

Hearing this, Isabella let out a cold laugh, as if she had heard an joke, her lips curling into a mocking smile, "Michael, what makes you think I look like Ms. Wilson? Even if I were a lady from the Wilson family, would I stay by your side, enduring your neglect for three years without complaint?"

Isabella took a deep breath, stood on her tiptoes, and met Michael's gaze, the two of them so close there was almost no distance between them.

Michael didn't expect her to be so angry, feeling guilty, he took two steps back.

Isabella was used to his reaction; it would be strange if he didn't back off.

After all, he didn't like her.

How could he tolerate her getting close?

Isabella smirked self-deprecatingly, turned, and went into the walk-in closet. She had left in a hurry last time, so there were still many of her clothes inside.

Now they were just right for her to wear.

Just as she was about to close the door to change, a large hand blocked it, and Michael stood in front of her.

"What do you want?" Isabella's face was cold, her tone devoid of any emotion.

Seeing her disdainful attitude, Michael felt very uncomfortable, and an inexplicable desire to keep her rose within him.

"I want an explanation, or you admit that you're not her!"

Isabella's eyelid twitched hard.

Sometimes she really wondered if she had lost her mind back then, falling for Michael, such a bad man.

And now he wanted an explanation from her?

"Michael, if you've taken a fancy to another woman, go find her outside. If you want to go crazy, do it outside. Don't cause trouble in front of me, okay?" With that, she pushed his hand away, trying to slam the door shut.

But she underestimated Michael's strength; she pushed harder, but he didn't budge.

He stood there like a mountain, staring at her intently.

A different kind of emotion flashed in his eyes, "Fine, then explain everything that's happened recently, what you've done, and make it clear to me!"

He had lost patience waiting to find out her information; he wanted her to say it herself.

###chapter 54 She Wasn't Afraid of It

Isabella's fists were clenched tightly. What right did Michael have!

She sneered coldly, "I can help you recall. We proposed our divorce agreement a month ago. As long as you sign it, we have no more ties. So, whatever I do and whoever I meet have to do with you!"

Her indifferent attitude made Michael very unhappy. He grabbed her face, asserting his dominance. "Let me tell you, as long as I don't agree to the divorce, you are still mine, the Mrs. Brown of this house. Got it?"

Isabella's mouth hurt from his grip.

She couldn't say a word.

Suddenly, she thought of something, squinted at Michael, and changed her expression, "Michael, are you trying so hard to keep me because you've really fallen in love with me?"

Her eyes were seductive, and her slender fingers climbed up his big hand, teasing him subtly.

Michael's eyes flickered.

Isabella's mocking smile grew more triumphant, "Looks like I am right."

Michael's expression changed, and he quickly withdrew his hand from hers, his tone somewhat defensive, "Isabella, can you be any more narcissistic? I'm not divorcing you for the sake of family interests. The mess you're making affects not only the Brown Family's reputation but also the stock price. Any losses will be on you."

Isabella tilted her head and looked at him.

She wanted to know what he was really thinking.

Michael said, "Don't forget, we have an agreement. If you dare to leave without my consent, how do you think that will be settled? And also settle Sean's consultation fee."

This made Isabella angry.

He knew Daniel was seriously ill and needed surgery urgently, yet he deliberately hid Sean to blackmail her.

In the end, he was just a businessman, and everything revolved around money.

Isabella said, "You just want money, right? How much do you want? I'll pay you, and we'll be even!"

Michael raised an eyebrow. She loved money so much that it was surprising to hear such words from her.

But Thomas seem to be quite wealthy, he wanted to see how far Thomas would go for her.

"Ten billion dollars!" Michael's voice was firm.

Isabella was stunned on the spot.

She stared at him with wide eyes, "Ten billion dollars? Do you think I'm a cash cow? Why don't you go rob a bank!"

She had truly underestimated Michael's moral bottom line.

Not only would she get no money from the divorce, but she would also have to give him ten billion dollars!

She took a deep breath and charged at him, gritting her teeth, "Dream on. I won't give you any money."

With that, she pushed him and slammed the door shut.

She didn't care if it would hurt his hand. It would be better if it did; it would make her feel better.

Isabella cursed Michael while looking for clothes.

.

Outside, Michael listened to Isabella cursing him inside and had no intention of leaving. He sat down on a chair by the window.

He slowly listened to her curse to her heart's content.

Inside, Isabella dried her hair and changed into pajamas before coming out. She looked up and saw Michael sitting by the window, legs crossed, watching her.

His eyes looked weird.

She felt a bit guilty. Could it be that he had heard her cursing for so long?

Impossible. Michael was such a proud man. He would have smashed the door if he did. How could he endure until now?

"What are you doing sitting here? Aren't you leaving?" Isabella said.

Michael opened his mouth, the words circling in his mouth before he finally spoke, "Since you can't come up with the money to compensate for my losses, then stay as Mrs. Brown. That's the identity you should have. Remember that!"

Isabella's anger, which had just subsided, surged again.

How could he have the nerve to say such things!

Before she could retort, her phone on the table suddenly rang.

She took a deep breath, glared at Michael, and picked it up, "Who is it?"

A polite male voice came from the other end, "Is this Ms. Taylor? I'm Aiden's personal lawyer. There's something important I need to discuss with you."

Hearing it was someone from Aiden, Isabella's voice softened, "Go ahead."

"Mr. Brown's previous instructions have been sorted out. Do you have time tomorrow to sign the stock transfer agreement?"

The voice on the phone wasn't loud, but Isabella immediately felt Michael's sharp gaze.

How could she not know what he was thinking?

Those were his tests just now. The shares Aiden gave were the real deal.

If she really accepted Aiden's gift, Michael would be truly anxious!

After all, he was the one sitting in the heir's position. Taking those shares would be like taking his life.

"I don't have time, and I won't sign." She was just placating Aiden at the time. If she really took those shares, Michael would never let her go.

The lawyer was troubled, "Ms. Taylor, you know Mr. Brown's health hasn't been good lately, and he's often worried. If you refuse his gift again, it might worsen his health."

Isabella fell silent.

Aiden's poor condition was partly her fault. If his health worsened because of her, she would feel even more guilty.

After a moment, she took a deep breath, "Alright, I'll go over tomorrow."

She knew that if she refused here, Aiden would get the news in less than a minute.

She could only compromise for now.

Strangely, Michael didn't say anything, not even showing any extra expression.

Isabella thought he would continue to mock her.

Seeing him silent, she put down her phone and cleared her throat, "I'm going to rest. You shouldn't stay here."

Seeing her expression, Michael's lips curled into a mischievous smile, "This is my bedroom too. Why should I leave? I'm going to sleep."

Isabella was speechless.

Seeing his determined look, she nodded, "Fine, I'm going to sleep. Do as you please."

After all, he had never been interested in her. In their three years of marriage, they had shared a bed doing nothing before.

She wasn't afraid of it

Isabella pulled up the covers and lay down. After a while, she heard the sound of water from the bathroom.

She couldn't remember when Michael lay down.

But she was still familiar with his cold scent.

At night, Isabella woke up thirsty and got up to find water.

She sat up and realized that the only blanket on the bed was rolled up under her. Michael, on the other side, was only wearing a dark black robe, with nothing underneath.

He actually stayed.

It was autumn, and the temperature was a bit low.

The air conditioning wasn't on, and Michael's tall figure lay there, curled up, hugging himself, looking strangely pitiful.

###chapter 55 You Don't Deserve My Manners

She quickly looked away and got up to pour herself a glass of water.

When she sat back on the bed, she saw Michael in that state again. Biting her lip, she couldn't help but get up and open the closet.

She found a blanket inside and brought it to the bed.

After casually covering him with it, Isabella stared at Michael's face illuminated by the orange light, unconsciously entranced.

She had to admit, it seemed God favored Michael.

Even though she thought Michael was awful, his features were exceptional, with a prominent brow bone, and his face was so perfect that even she, as a woman, felt envious.

She maintained this posture, looking at him for a full few minutes.

Until a deep, cold voice pulled her back to reality. "How long are you going to keep staring?"

Isabella never expected Michael to be pretending to sleep.

Feeling tricked, she immediately withdrew all her emotions.

She had been worried he might freeze to death in the room, but it turned out he was just pretending.

She was furious.

Isabella straightened up and snorted, "I'm looking at you. You're almost thirty, do you really think you're still young and handsome?"

Michael fully opened his eyes, anger simmering in them.

One day, he would be driven to death by her sharp tongue.

Before Isabella could turn around, Michael reached out and pulled her into his arms.

Isabella clearly had feelings for him but refused to admit it.

He dominantly kissed her lips, and taking advantage of her gasp, Michael easily pried open her teeth. When his tongue touched hers, Isabella's eyes widened.

She was no match for his strength; her hands were pinned above her head as Michael deepened the kiss.

They felt hoter and hoter.

Michael was incredibly domineering. At first, he was just testing, but he gradually let go, entwining her tongue and even making sounds.

His hands didn't stay idle either, moving from her waist upwards until they grasped her soft breasts, kneading them.

Isabella instantly snapped back to reality.

She found it unbelievable.

Michael wanted to have sex with her, and she had to agree. For three years, she had wanted a child countless times, but he wouldn't even spare her a glance and used hurtful words to humiliate her.

Seeing that Michael was about to bite her neck, Isabella pushed him away without hesitation, "Michael, get off!"

The intimate atmosphere was abruptly interrupted by her push.

Michael, unprepared, almost fell off the bed.

Anyone would be upset if kicked away at such a moment, let alone the high-and-mighty Michael.

His face turned cold.

At this point, he couldn't bring himself to coax Isabella, so he got up and went to the bathroom.

Only cold water could calm him down now.

He had thought that Isabella finally cared about him when she quietly brought him a blanket, but she was still as fiery as ever.

They weren't even divorced, so why couldn't he kiss her?

The next morning.

Perhaps last night's events were too infuriating, Isabella still looked upset when she got up.

She angrily said to Michael, who was changing clothes, "Either you move next door today, or I will. Don't let me see you again."

Michael had already figured out Isabella's temper and said nothing.

Isabella glared at him and walked out the door.

She had a lot to do today; there was still a lot of work waiting for her at the Wilson Group.

And a few promising projects that she needed to oversee personally.

Even so, before leaving, she still went to check on Aiden as usual. Aiden was still asleep, and she didn't let Sophia wake him up before she left.

But as soon as her car left the Brown Villa, Isabella noticed something was off.

Someone was following her.

Two groups of people. One group even came from the Brown Family.

One group was very discreet, but she still noticed them. The other group didn't even try to hide.

Michael's people wouldn't be stupid enough to expose themselves. The only one who would be so blatant and unafraid of being discovered was...

Only the foolish and arrogant Stella.

Isabella glanced at the route and took a left turn at the next intersection, shaking off the followers and heading to a restaurant Stella often went to for breakfast.

Stella's people were clearly coming after her, so she decided to go to her directly.

After entering, Isabella went straight to the private room on the second floor, which was Stella's exclusive spot, with a beautiful view of Evergreen City's river.

She pushed the door open, and sure enough, Stella was there.

Stella was sipping soup with her fingers, and when she saw Isabella enter uninvited, she was startled, her face showing obvious disgust. "You really are a country bumpkin, don't even know how to knock. Do you have any manners?"

Isabella couldn't be bothered with her and walked straight to her, sitting down.

No matter what she did in the past three years, Stella was never happy about it. She later realized that Stella just didn't her.

Even if she tried everything, Stella wouldn't give her a second glance.

Then why bother pleasing someone who didn't like her?

"You don't deserve my manners. For you, it's not necessary and a waste of time. So, tell me, why did you have someone follow me? What do you want?"

Isabella's tone was direct as she stared at Stella.

Stella was taken aback, not expecting Isabella to confront her so directly.

But she did have her reasons.

No matter how Isabella changed, she just couldn't bring herself to like her.

She wanted someone with better background, someone gentle and considerate who could help Michael, not a country bumpkin who knew nothing and only dragged Michael down.

After thinking for a moment, Stella elegantly wiped her hands and took out an agreement from her bag.

She placed it in front of Isabella. "If you're smart enough, sign this. As long as you divorce Michael, you will get money and a house. Otherwise, if you drag this out, you won't keep your position as Mrs. Brown, and you can forget about getting any money."

Stella's attitude was condescending, as if she were doing Isabella a favor.

For someone like Isabella, this amount of money was probably something she had never seen in her life.

Isabella raised an eyebrow and picked up the agreement Stella had prepared.

But she was more curious about Stella.

How much did Stella look down on her to carry Michael's divorce agreement with her at all times?

The agreement was detailed, mostly targeting her.

But she had to admit, the terms were tempting.

If it were before, she might have been tempted, but now...

Isabella put the document back on the table and sighed, "It's not that I can't sign it. Michael is the problem. If he doesn't agree to the divorce, what can I do? Of course, if you can convince him, that would be great."

Isabella shrugged, feeling helpless.

But to Stella, Isabella's actions and tone seemed like mockery and showing off.

###chapter 56 Mrs. Brown's Body Is Really Soft.

Stella sneered coldly. "I think you've really lost your mind. Clearly, you're the one clinging to Michael. How could it be that Michael doesn't want to divorce you? He's so perfect, so outstanding, why would he want to keep you?"

As soon as she finished speaking, Stella's sharp gaze fell on Isabella's neck, and her eyes widened instantly. "What is that on your neck?"

Stella pointed at her, unable to contain her anger.

She wasn't blind.

The marks on Isabella's neck were clearly love bites from a man!

So obvious, so deep.

"How dare you cheat on Michael with another man!" Stella's voice grew louder and louder.

No one knew better than her how much Michael disliked Isabella. He hadn't touched Isabella in three years, so those marks must have been left by another man.

The thought of Isabella having an affair with someone else in the Brown Villa made Stella furious.

Stella was so angry that her hair felt like it was standing on end. Isabella sat in her chair, rubbing her temples helplessly.

She truly admired Stella's lung capacity. At her age, where did she get the energy to yell at her every day?

"The only man in my room is Michael. Even if I were to cheat, I wouldn't do it in front of him, would I?" Isabella said slowly, "Maybe he's part dog, biting all over me, but he's got some skills."

She had realized that whenever she mentioned being intimate with Michael, Stella's face would change dramatically, making her want to laugh.

"It can't be Michael. It must be you. Did you drug him? You wretch, what wouldn't you do to have a child?" Stella's fingers trembled with rage, and she glared at Isabella with fierce eyes.

As if she wanted to kill her.

Last night, Michael had indeed gone to the second floor and hadn't come down. Could it really be...

No, she couldn't let Michael and Isabella be together any longer.

Men were creatures driven by their desires, and Isabella was skilled at seduction. If Michael couldn't resist and ended up with Isabella, she would be finished!

After a moment of thought, Stella called a waiter over, whispered something to him, and then returned to her dignified demeanor as a wealthy lady.

As if nothing had happened.

Moments later, the waiter brought up some tea.

He placed it in front of Isabella, "Miss, this is specially ordered for you by Mrs. Brown. Please try it."

Isabella remained calm, not even glancing at it.

Stella couldn't hold back any longer. She bit her lip and lowered her voice, "Isabella, I was wrong to blame you earlier. But I'm doing this for your own good. You see, Michael has no feelings for you. Why continue to cling to him? Why not get a divorce and free yourself? How about this, take the contract and think it over. I'll talk to Michael as well."

Saying this, Stella personally pushed the cup closer to Isabella, "You haven't eaten anything since you got up early, right? Try the tea here; it tastes really good."

If she didn't bite her lip hard, Isabella feared she might laugh out loud.

Three years had passed, and Stella hadn't learned a thing.

Did Stella think she was a toothless child?

A few words wouldn't fool her.

If she didn't drink the tea, Stella might not be able to proceed with her plans.

Thinking about the people Michael had sent to follow her from the Brown Family this morning, she paused, then picked up the cup of tea in front of her.

A smile curved on her red lips, "Alright, I hope you keep your word!"

With that, she took a sip of the tea.

Seeing her drink the tea, the warmth on Stella's face slowly faded.

Until Isabella collapsed on the table, unconscious.

Stella snorted coldly, then picked up her phone and made a call, "Get more people over here."

After separating from Isabella, Michael went straight to the office.

The project abroad had been handled, but there were more things to deal with domestically.

During the meeting, he kept glancing at his phone.

The people he had sent to follow Isabella hadn't sent any updates. Could something have happened?

The senior executives reporting to him didn't know whether to stop and wait for Michael to refocus or to pretend they hadn't noticed and continue their reports.

Everyone knew Michael was a workaholic.

If there was any mistake in the reports, he would be the first to notice.

He was always serious and meticulous about his work.

This kind of distraction was rare, and they had never seen it before.

The reporting continued, but the voices were quieter.

A notification sound rang out, and Michael immediately looked over.

[Mr. Brown, Mrs. Isabella Brown went to see Mrs. Stella Brown. They are now dining together in a restaurant.]

A simple message, but Michael's face twisted.

Isabella and Stella, dining together?

Michael knew how much Stella disliked Isabella. The idea of them sitting together for a meal, especially with Isabella initiating it, seemed absurd.

Michael was contemplating whether to call and ask when his phone flashed again.

It was an anonymous message.

It contained several photos.

He frowned and opened them, and got shocked.

In the photos, a woman was completely naked, her waterfall-like hair spread out on white sheets, her face deliberately covered.

There was a caption below: [Mrs. Brown's body is really soft.]

Michael's anger flared, and he stood up abruptly, his face dark as he strode out.

No one in the meeting room dared to ask a single question, fearing they might provoke Michael.

Michael went straight to the underground parking lot, staring at the descending elevator numbers, his fingers turning white from the pressure.

His anger was almost consuming all his reason and calm.

Once in the car, he called his subordinate to get Isabella's location and sped towards the destination.

Isabella, how dare she!

Last night, she had been so repulsed when he touched her, and now, early in the morning, she used the excuse of meeting Stella to fool around with another man?

Did she think that by pushing him to this extent, he would let go?

She better give up.

On the road, a black shadow sped by, and Michael's reason was almost entirely consumed by his anger. He just wanted to see Isabella immediately.

Meanwhile, in the restaurant's private room.

Isabella sat in her chair, shaking a teacup in her hand, looking coldly at the strong men in front of her. "Stop pretending. You're all as strong as bulls. Harder!"

The strong men knelt in front of Isabella, wearing only thin underwear. Hearing Isabella's command, their faces turned pale. They covered their groins with one hand and slapped their faces hard with the other.

As they slapped, they cursed themselves as Isabella commanded.

###chapter 57 You're Too Much!

Seeing this, Isabella's expression finally softened a bit as she took a sip of tea.

She thought Stella had some sophisticated tricks up her sleeve.

It turned out she just found a few men to strip her clothes and take photos of her "sleeping with" other men in public.

The men she found did fit Isabella's aesthetic, but they were not tough enough.

They were knocked down in just a few rounds.

Not even enough for her to practice on.

As soon as Stella made that phone call, she had secretly spat out the tea in her mouth, waiting for those men to come in.

Before they could react, she had already subdued them on the ground.

She hadn't practiced martial arts for over ten years for nothing.

Suddenly, urgent footsteps were heard outside. Isabella put down her teacup, guessed who it was, and a slow smile appeared on her lips.

Finally, they were here.

The real show was about to begin.

The then the men kneeling on the ground watched as Isabella, who had just beaten them to the ground, stood up, tore her clothes, messed up her hair, and made her eyes red.

Her face showed a look of panic, as if she had suffered a great grievance.

The men were still stunned, wondering what she was up to.

Immediately after, the door behind them was kicked open.

A tall figure, full of anger, walked in.

Michael had already imagined the scene he would see before coming, but seeing it with his own eyes, he still couldn't believe it.

.

He felt anger and rage. He wanted to strangle her.

The men on the ground looked at Isabella, then at Michael, not knowing how to explain.

Michael gritted his teeth, "Isabella, I really underestimated you. You like to play so much that you called four male models at once to satisfy you?"

Before Isabella could speak, the men kneeling on the ground turned pale with fright and shook their heads frantically.

They were wronged!

The photos were fake, and the messages were sent by Isabella.

They thought they had taken a quick money job, but ended up getting beaten, locked up, and now caught by Michael.

Isabella looked like she was insulted and uncomfortable. She bit her lip, and tears fell one by one after holding them back for a while. "Michael, are you blind? Clearly, it's Stella who can't make peace with me. I came to see her out of kindness, but she drugged me and found so many men to lock me in a room. If I hadn't discovered it in time, you would have seen me being..." She didn't say the rest.

 Isabella cried, covering her face with her hands. "Michael, I haven't even divorced you yet, and your family treats me like this. Now you're blaming me? You... you're too much!"

Afraid of getting exposed, she didn't dare to look Michael in the eye.

Her words weighed heavily on Michael's heart.

He didn't know the truth and almost wronged her.

Seeing her cry so sadly, a part of his heart felt a sharp pain.

Noticing the guilt on Michael's face, Isabella walked straight to him and, under everyone's gaze, slapped him!

Isabella finally vented her anger.

But her face still showed a look of grievance, as if she was about to cry. "You and Stella are the same. If she thinks I'm clinging to the Brown Family and won't leave, she should just say so. No need to humiliate me like this. And you, I know you don't want to have children with me, but you shouldn't use such vicious means against me!"

She raised her head, her eyes filled with deep hatred, "Michael, let me tell you, the father of my child doesn't have to be you. I can find whoever I want, and none of you can control me!"

Michael was stunned by the slap, and by the time he reacted, Isabella had already left the room.

She ran in a hurry, as if she didn't want to stay by his side for even a minute.

Ignoring the burning pain on his face, Michael instructed his subordinate who had followed, "Follow her, prioritize her safety."

Then, he looked at the mess in the room and the four men kneeling on the ground.

His brow furrowed tightly.

He had cleared the entire floor, and now no one could get in.

As Michael approached step by step, the four men on the ground didn't dare to move.

It wasn't that Michael did anything, but his natural oppressive aura made people feel suffocated.

Michael sat in the seat Isabella had just occupied, touching the teacup she had used, his voice cold as ice, "Who sent you?"

The men kept their heads down, too scared to lift them, stammering, "It was Mrs. Stella Brown!"

Michael's face turned completely dark.

It really was Stella who sent them.

Damn it!

Thinking about the things he said when he first came in, the marks on Isabella's body, and the tears that fell from her eyes, Michael felt a pang of heartache.

He shouldn't have questioned her like that without finding out the truth.

No wonder she was so angry and wanted to hit him; he deserved it.

Now he just wanted to find her. She had just gone through such an ordeal, and he was afraid she might do something impulsive.

Just as he was about to get up, a subordinate came in from outside. Seeing him about to leave, he looked at the kneeling men with some difficulty, "Mr. Brown, what should we do with them?"

The men on the ground were trembling and begging for mercy.

Their faces were swollen from the slaps, their legs were numb from kneeling, and they thought they had taken an easy job, only to almost lose their lives.

Michael glanced coldly, "Don't let me see them in Evergreen City again!"

The subordinate took the order, "Yes, Mr. Brown."

Just as Michael was about to drive to catch up with Isabella, the subordinate he had sent to follow her in the morning called. "Mr. Brown, Mrs. Brown changed her route, and we lost her."

Michael punched the steering wheel, "Useless!"

Isabella's emotions were clearly unstable just now, and with no one by her side, if she acted impulsively... he couldn't bear to think about it.

Just as he was feeling frustrated, Stella called him. "Michael, this time I really caught that bitch Isabella cheating. She was out fooling around with several men at once, not even leaving a piece of clothing on. Why are you still keeping a woman like Isabella? I'm telling you, the Brown Family can't tolerate such a promiscuous woman. You should divorce her immediately!"

Stella had arranged everything, just waiting for Michael to agree and then completely kick Isabella out of the Brown Family.

Unexpectedly, Michael's icy voice came through the phone, "Mom, how long are you going to keep pretending? Didn't you plan this whole thing?"

Stella was stunned.

She wasn't shocked that Michael found out, but that her own son Michael would speak to her in such a cold tone.

She immediately became nervous, "Michael, have you been bewitched by that bitch Isabella again? How could I possibly do such a thing?"

###chapter 58 If I Win, You Belong to Me?

Isabella's departure, combined with what just happened, had pushed Michael's anger to its peak.

He didn't want to hear any more of Stella's lies disguised as being for his own good.

Nor did he want to hear a single bad word about Isabella from her mouth.

"Mom, Isabella and I will never get divorced. Stay out of our business!" After saying this, Michael hung up on Stella.

He didn't give her a chance to continue defending herself.

On the other end, Stella stared at the abruptly disconnected phone, her heart tightening.

Michael was genuinely angry just now!

But how did he know she was behind this?

Regardless of who told him, she was now more worried about Michael's temper. Once he made up his mind, he never changed it.

Could it be that he would really abandon her, his own mother, for Isabella?

The thought alone scared Stella.

She didn't dare to think further.

After all, Michael was her biological son, and she knew him well enough to know that he meant what he said.

Michael had sent all his subordinates to look for Isabella. Even if he had to turn Evergreen City upside down, he would find her.

This time, he was in the wrong.

He realized his mistake and didn't want Isabella to hurt herself because of his fault.

While Michael was frantically searching all the places she might be, a message suddenly popped up on his phone.

[Queen of Racing reappears at Everpeak Mountain after three years!]

Michael wanted to ignore it, but the familiar figure from that night on Sunset Ridge Highway flashed in his mind.

Given Isabella's current need to vent, could she be there?

Unconsciously, Michael drove to the base of Everpeak Mountain.

It was as if something was guiding him.

Maybe Isabella was really there!

He parked his car in a prominent spot and was immediately surrounded by onlookers as he got out.

Many were stunned at the sight of Michael.

Although most of the people here were rich kids, it was rare to see someone like Michael, dressed in a custom-made suit, with striking looks and a powerful aura.

Many girls blushed just from looking at him, and some bold ones even approached him for his number.

"Hey handsome, want to make a friend?" The girl was dressed provocatively, with a red ribbon tied in her hair, camo paint on her face, and tanned skin. She was a lively and pretty mixed-race girl.

Seeing that Michael didn't respond, she handed him a pen and extended her palm, raising an eyebrow, "Write your number here. Call me after the race."

Bold and uninhibited was the nature of this crowd.

Michael paused for a moment, then wrote down Ethan's number.

Such a good opportunity, he naturally thought of Ethan.

Especially since Ethan was still single.

"My name is Cecilia Thorne. Call me tonight." Cecilia winked at Michael, and a chorus of whistles erupted behind her.

Michael remained unfazed and took the opportunity to ask, "I heard the Queen of Racing is coming tonight. Is that true?"

Hearing that Michael was here for the Queen of Racing, the light in Cecilia's eyes dimmed, but she quickly responded enthusiastically, "Of course it's true. It's estimated that two-thirds of the men here are here for her. Didn't expect a man like you to be here for her too. But she's currently racing, so you should be able to see her soon."

"Thanks!" Michael glanced at the location and started to move.

"Such a pity, but the Queen of Racing isn't someone you can easily get a date with. If she doesn't want you, you can always find me." Cecilia called out from behind.

A few minutes later, the roar of a motorcycle engine echoed as it sped back to the starting point.

All eyes were on the scene.

"Thirteen minutes and twenty seconds, undisputed first place."

"She truly is the Queen of Racing. After three years of absence, she returns undefeated."

The audience erupted in applause.

In the center of the crowd, a tall woman in a black bodysuit dismounted from her motorcycle. Her perfect figure, long legs, and every move captivated the onlookers.

Michael approached, mesmerized by the scene.

That familiar figure, even her walking posture, was identical to Isabella's.

Was she the one who escaped at the final point on Sunset Ridge Highway last time?

Michael strode forward, blocking the woman's path, and threw down a challenge, "I'll race you. If I win, you come with me tonight!"

Not only the woman but also the surrounding spectators were stunned by Michael's bold statement.

Michael's words were audacious.

Everyone knew the Queen of Racing's prowess. Michael's attempt to date her this way seemed misguided.

"So, if I win, you belong to me?" The woman's voice was cold, unlike Isabella's.

"Of course. Do you dare to try?" Michael lowered his gaze, staring intently into her exposed eyes, as if trying to confirm something.

Isabella chuckled softly, her tone mocking, "Sure, but I won't lose to you. Consider this race a lesson in humility. I remember, you were the one who lost to me on Sunset Ridge Highway, right?"

It was really her!

Michael's gaze deepened as he looked at her.

Isabella didn't look at him, instead smiling at the black sports car not far behind him, "So, you're going to race me with that?"

Michael didn't respond, turning to a young racer and tossing him the car keys. "This is yours. Your motorcycle is mine now."

Those who came here were naturally wealthy, but Michael's limited-edition car wasn't something money could easily buy.

Its value far exceeded that of dozens of motorcycles.

The racer happily accepted.

Everyone around was envious. If they had known, they would have brought their best motorcycles.

Michael put on his helmet and exchanged a determined look with Isabella.

Both had a competitive glint in their eyes.

The signal gun was fired.

The two motorcycles shot forward like arrows, leaving only an echo behind.

"Oh my God, he's so fast. I thought he was just trying to get the Queen of Racing's attention, but he really has some skills."

The young man who had just received the luxury car was stunned by the speed of his motorcycle.

He looked incredulous, "Is that really my bike? How did he get that speed? Why am I always last?"

"Shame on you. It just means you're not good enough!" The people around him burst into laughter.

"Place your bets. Who do you think will win?"

"Do you even need to ask? I'm betting on the Queen of Racing. Didn't you hear her say that the guy already lost to her once? He's just trying to save face this time. If he had the skills, he wouldn't have lost."

"Exactly, I'm betting on the Queen of Racing too."

###chapter 59 Fulfilling the Bet

At this moment, halfway up the mountain, Michael and Isabella were intensely focused on the steep mountain road ahead.

Everpeak Mountain was much more challenging than Sunset Ridge Highway.

Moreover, the late autumn evening was approaching quickly, and visibility was starting to decrease.

Michael kept scanning ahead while also keeping an eye on Isabella's condition.

He was afraid she would disregard her own safety to win, just like last time.

Their vehicles moved like ghosts through the mountains, fast and agile.

As they pressed through the curves, sparks flew from their cars.

With only a few dozen feet left to the final turn, Michael was still closely following.

Isabella's car had reached its top speed. If she couldn't take the lead at the last turn, she would have no chance to overtake him on the remaining stretch.

But accelerating through the turn was a huge risk.

She might skid off the track and crash into the guardrail.

But if she didn't, she would face losing the race.

She had done it before; as long as she maintained her balance through the turn, she could make it.

In the last 15 feet, Isabella took an extremely low turn, pushing her speed to the maximum.

She overtook Michael at the last moment.

However, the slippery mountain ground made it impossible for her to maintain her balance, and her car skidded rapidly towards the slope.

At the critical moment, Michael used his car as a buffer, rushed over, and grabbed Isabella, rolling into the grass on the side.

Fortunately, both were wearing helmets and didn't suffer any serious injuries.

"Are you hurt?" Michael's eyes were only on her as he picked her up and checked her carefully.

"I'm fine, what about you?"

Isabella struggled to stand up. That moment was really dangerous. If Michael hadn't rushed over to grab her at the last second, she and her car might have slid down the mountain.

She could have died.

She didn't expect that in such a critical moment, he would protect a complete stranger. It seemed he wasn't as cold and heartless as she had imagined.

But why could he be kind to a stranger and not show any genuine feelings towards Isabella?

"Don't worry, I'm fine." Michael stood up, dusted off the grass and dirt, and stood in front of her with a tense expression.

Seeing that he was really okay, Isabella nodded at him, walked over to her car, quickly checked it, and sped off.

She had to win tonight.

Since Michael had made her the bet, she wouldn't miss this opportunity.

Watching Isabella's fleeting figure, Michael's eyes darkened, and he quickly followed.

This wasn't the first time.

She really didn't care about her safety.

She was willing to risk her life to win!

"The Racing Queen is out first!"

"Twelve minutes and forty seconds, the Racing Queen, an absolute champion."

"No wonder she was the five-time consecutive champion; she keeps breaking her own records."

As the sexy black figure got off the bike, the crowd gathered around Isabella, cheering and celebrating.

Michael took off his helmet and felt a pang of jealousy as if his belonging had been stolen by someone else.

She once belonged to him.

But now, he wasn't sure if she still wanted to come back to him.

Pushing through the crowd, Michael's deep gaze fixed on her, his voice low and powerful, "You won. As per the bet, I'm yours tonight!"

Isabella's eyes were indifferent, with a hint of sarcasm.

She had just praised him for being responsible, for helping a stranger, but within minutes, he had shown his true colors.

He had chased her down Sunset Ridge Highway to the foot of the mountain, and now he was doing it again on Everpeak Mountain?

He loved one after another, yet he still wouldn't divorce her.

Michael was truly despicable!

If he knew that the person under the helmet was his wife Isabella, whom he had neglected for three years, what would his expression be right now?

Thinking this, Isabella's eyes flickered. She casually took off her helmet, letting her long hair cascade down, blown wildly by the wind.

A beautiful and bold face appeared before everyone.

She looked at Michael, a mocking smile on her lips, "So, do you still want to keep playing?"

Michael's face showed surprisingly little reaction.

But the onlookers, seeing Isabella's true identity as Michael's wife, who had been hotly discussed online recently, were shocked.

Seeing the imposing Michael opposite her, they all backed away in fear.

They hadn't expected to see the people from the news in person.

These two were not to be messed with.

One was Isabella, who could even kick her biological father Indigo out of the house, and the other was Michael, who held the economic lifeline of Evergreen City. The crowd quickly dispersed.

Soon, only Michael and Isabella were left.

Isabella was about to leave but was pulled onto Michael's car. The person who had swapped cars with him, recognizing him, felt the keys burning in his hand.

His family couldn't afford to offend the Brown Family. He wouldn't dare take Michael's things no matter what.

"If I hadn't come over, how long were you planning to keep this from me, Isabella? How many things have you not told me the truth about?" Michael questioned her, his gaze sharp.

They were almost chest to chest, and Isabella felt suffocated by Michael's oppressive presence.

Feeling uneasy, she frowned and pushed him away hard.

Michael grunted, clutching his chest, his face turning pale.

When he had rolled with Isabella into the grass, she hadn't been hurt at all in his arms, but he had hit a rock.

Now, it was starting to hurt.

"Where are you hurt?" Isabella immediately noticed his discomfort and reached out in concern.

Michael grabbed her hand, placing it on his chest, his voice hoarse, "What do you think? You broke my heart, and now you want to go?"

Isabella was speechless.

She quickly shook him off. For him to say something so disgusting at this moment, it seemed he hadn't hurt his brain.

But the situation had been too critical just now. If he really was injured, she couldn't just ignore it. "You took a hard fall just now. You should go to the hospital. I'll cover all the medical expenses!"

After saying this, Isabella put her helmet back on, swung her long legs over the bike, and left swiftly.

Michael hadn't expected her to just leave like that.

What if he was really too injured to move? When had she become so heartless?

Back then, even a minor cold would have her staying up all night by his side, taking care of him, giving him water and medicine.

In the vast racetrack, only Michael was left.

The sky had completely darkened, and the cold wind blew, giving a sense of desolation.

He felt a pang of regret.

In three years, why hadn't he realized her worth from the beginning, and instead praised Bianca's understanding and gentleness in front of her?

The way Isabella felt back then was exactly how he felt now.

It was the punishment he deserved.

###chapter 60 Win Isabella Back Yourself

On the way back, the radio in Michael's car broadcasted news about Isabella.

Many netizens were calling out to Michael, telling him to stop bothering Isabella, saying she deserved better.

They urged them to get a divorce and let her be free.

As Michael listened, he felt upset, and he turned off the radio.

Back then, he was blinded, failing to recognize her goodness and taking everything she did for granted.

He even subconsciously thought she was using him as a tool to secure her position when she suggested having a child with him.

He never realized that Isabella owed him nothing.

He agreed the marriage at the very beginning, and having children was a natural part of being a couple.

Why did it take him so long to realize?

Back at the Brown Villa, Stella was sitting on the couch watching the latest news online, which happened to be a report about Isabella being a racing queen.

Seeing Isabella's flamboyant and beautiful face after she took off her helmet, Stella gritted her teeth in anger.

In a flash, she saw Michael's figure.

She seized the opportunity and held her phone up to Michael, "Michael, look at these news reports. Isabella has been deceiving us for three years, pretending to be harmless. And now, before you two are even divorced, she can't wait to reveal her true colors. What racing goddess? She's just flaunting her body in public. Look at what she's wearing. What decent woman would dress like that and stand among men? She's completely disgraced our Brown Family!"

Stella's voice grew sharper, and her words became increasingly harsh.

Michael's face turned completely dark.

His voice was icy, "Mom, that's enough. Isabella is my wife. Please show her respect! And as for the things you've done to Isabella, just because I haven't pursued them doesn't mean I've let them go."

Hearing Michael bring up that matter again, Stella's voice grew even more defensive. "What nonsense are you talking about? I'm your mother. Everything I've done is for your own good. Are you really going to go against me for Isabella?"

Michael walked to the stairs, turned sideways, and gave her a cold look, "If you are not my mother, do you think I would tolerate your actions even once?"

There was a hint of impatience in Michael's eyes.

Even a tiny bit was enough to make Stella feel unbearable.

She was Michael's biological mother, the one who gave birth to and raised him!

She would never allow any woman to hold a higher place in Michael's heart than she did. "Did that bitch Isabella say something to you? It's because of her that you've become like this! Isabella, that bitch, I won't let her off."

Stella was both angry and hateful, her face twisted.

There was no trace of the noble lady she once was.

Michael narrowed his eyes, "Even now, you still don't realize where you went wrong?"

Stella's eyes widened, "I did nothing wrong. It's her. She shouldn't have married into this family. Michael, I'm your mother. How can you talk to me like this?"

Michael couldn't be bothered to argue with her anymore, "Until you apologize to Isabella, your bank card will be indefinitely suspended. And don't let me see you associating with Bianca's family again."

With that, he returned to his room.

Downstairs, Stella, hearing that Michael was going to suspend her bank card and that she had to apologize to Isabella in person, smashed everything she could in a fit of rage.

It took a while for her to calm down.

Upstairs, Michael took a shower in his room and checked his injuries in the mirror. There was a bruise on his back.

He took some anti-inflammatory medicine and went to Aiden's place.

Isabella wouldn't be coming back tonight, and he wondered if Aiden would throw a fit when he found out.

Outside, Sophia had just left with a tray and greeted Michael, "Mr. Brown."

Seeing that a third of the food on the tray was gone, Michael was a bit surprised.

He pushed open the door to find Aiden holding a tablet, watching the news with a smile of pride.

It was news about Isabella.

Judging by Aiden's expression, he didn't seem surprised or shocked by it; rather, it was as if he had known all along.

Michael narrowed his eyes and walked closer, "Grandpa, did you know Isabella could race?"

Hearing Michael's voice, Aiden didn't even look up, just snorted, "She's your wife. If you didn't know, how would I? I just saw it on the news."

Michael didn't respond.

He clearly didn't believe it.

Aiden wasn't in a hurry. He was very happy watching Isabella on the news, but when he looked at Michael, his smile disappeared. "Isabella is excellent in every way. I don't know how she ended up with you. You don't know how good your wife is until you're abandoned. Then you realize what you've lost, and it's too late."

Michael felt uncomfortable all over and couldn't care about his pride anymore, "Grandpa, I know I was wrong. Please help me one more time. Does Isabella have any other secrets she's hiding from me?"

Aiden ignored him. He had helped Michael so many times, but did Michael ever take it seriously?

Only by letting him experience it himself would he understand Isabella's worth.

"Don't ask me. I don't know anything. If you truly realize your mistake, you should win Isabella back yourself, just like she once did for you." Thinking about how Isabella had been driven away by Michael, Aiden got angry. "Also, the Brown Group will hold a general shareholders' meeting tomorrow. You will preside over it, and Isabella will attend."

Michael frowned, "What is she attending the Brown Group's shareholders' meeting for?"

Aiden glared at him, "What do you think? Of course, it's to transfer the Brown Group's shares to Isabella. You're presiding so you can see it with your own eyes."

Aiden thought, 'You can't even have a child, so how do you expect to hold onto the position of heir?'

Michael's expression changed.

He knew Aiden liked Isabella a lot, but transferring shares was no small matter. Aiden didn't even discuss it with him and wanted to transfer everything to Isabella.

It sounded a bit too hasty.

But he knew Aiden's character. Once Aiden said something, he wouldn't take it back. Michael could only return to his room in frustration.

Closing the door, he called his assistant, Aaron. "Did you find out anything about Mrs. Brown in recent years?"

Receiving a call from Michael late at night was nerve-wracking enough, and hearing Michael's question made Aaron break out in a cold sweat.

He couldn't possibly say that he had found nothing useful.

Although Michael had given him a short time, with the Brown Group's influence, they should have found something by now.

But Isabella's identity was like a mystery. No matter how hard they tried, there were no clues.

He even looked into the Taylor Family, but the result was the same.

All information about Isabella stopped at the age of seven.

###chapter 61 Investigating the Identity of the Gambling King

After that, Isabella was taken to the countryside by Daniel.

But the village had long been abandoned, with only dilapidated houses left. Apart from the bare walls, there was nothing left.

No matter how capable Aaron was, it was impossible to find any traces in a bunch of empty houses.

But when faced with Michael's questioning, he couldn't really say he found nothing, or his career would be over.

"I found something. Mrs. Brown's identity is that of a mysterious race car driver. The recent hot news online is all about Mrs. Brown." Aaron had no other choice but to stall for time.

There was a moment of silence on the other end of the phone.

It was obvious that Michael already knew about this.

"I already know that. Continue to intensify the investigation," Michael said, clearly angry.

"Understood, Mr. Brown!" Aaron quickly responded, "I'll immediately assign more people."

"Wait!" Michael exhaled deeply. For some reason, he had a nagging feeling.

Isabella might really be connected to the Wilson Family!

Not because of Thomas, but because in Evergreen City, the fact that they couldn't find any information about Isabella itself indicated a problem.

Moreover, the place Isabella went to back then was in the eastern part of Valoria.

And the eastern part of Valoria was the Wilson Family's sphere of influence.

Besides the Wilson Family, he couldn't think of anyone else who had the ability to erase all of Isabella's past.

Even if the Brown Family intervened, they wouldn't be able to find a single trace.

Or perhaps, she had always been by his side.

He just hadn't noticed her other identity.

"Mr. Brown?" Not hearing anything for a long time, Aaron thought Michael wasn't talking to him earlier.

"Find a photo of Solterra Gambling King Mr. Wilson, from any period, and send it to me." Michael ordered in a deep voice.

Aaron, on the other end of the phone, was so scared he almost stuttered, "Mr. Brown, you don't mean... the Gambling King Mr. Wilson who was undefeated at the Golden Nexus twenty years ago?"

"Yes, him. Find the photo; I need it." Michael said.

Aaron wiped his sweat. He didn't know what was going on with Michael lately; the tasks he assigned were getting more and more difficult.

Now Michael was even looking for someone like the Gambling King.

But where was he supposed to find it?

The Gambling King's real name was Daniel Wilson.

He was also Aaron's childhood idol, and Aaron had even collected various legendary stories about him.

There were quite a few movies based on him back then.

Aaron had only seen some of his personal stories in old newspapers, which even had a photo attached. But the photography technology back then couldn't make high-definition photos.

It was said that he was a stunningly handsome man in his youth. Because of his exceptional abilities, courage, and vision, he caught the eye of a local overlord and married the overlord's daughter.

After that, Daniel took over the overlord's business and gradually rose to his current position.

But Daniel had stepped down twenty years ago and had never appeared again.

Investigating Daniel was very difficult.

Aaron wouldn't be able to sleep tonight.

The next morning.

Michael parked his car in front of the garden villa where Isabella was currently living.

Strangely enough, when Bianca's family lived here, he had never visited once.

But now, looking at this historically rich house, all he could think of were images of Isabella and Grace.

Isabella's mother, Grace, was a gentle-looking, elegant woman.

Isabella's personality was the exact opposite.

She had a fiery temper.

Isabella might not even remember that he had once lived nearby for a while.

Back then, before Bianca appeared, they went to school together, fed cats in the alley, and Isabella even gave him a cat-head doll.

He took her to the river to catch small fish.

Their laughter used to echo in every corner of this area. But why had they come to this point now?

Like familiar strangers, knowing each other well yet separated by an insurmountable barrier.

Inside the house, Isabella had gotten up early.

She received a call from Aiden, asking her to go to the Brown Group today.

Aiden said there was something important to discuss with her.

Isabella guessed it was about the shares. She had secretly missed the appointment with Aiden's lawyer yesterday, and today she couldn't escape Aiden's direct order.

She had to go.

If Michael agreed to divorce her and let her give up her inheritance of the Brown Group, it wouldn't be a bad thing for her.

Thinking of this, Isabella put on beautiful makeup and stepped out in high heels.

As soon as she walked out the door, she saw the conspicuous black sports car parked grandly at the entrance.

Isabella knew who it was.

She was about to pretend she didn't see it and turn away.

Michael stuck his head out of the car window, revealing a handsome face. "Aren't you going to the Brown Group? Come on, I'll give you a ride!"

Isabella gritted her teeth and took a deep breath. She really didn't want to see him this early in the morning.

She didn't want Michael to ruin her good mood.

She rolled her eyes. "No need, I have my own car!"

Michael raised an eyebrow, glanced at the passersby attracted by his horn, and smirked. "Are you sure you don't need a ride? I just saw quite a few reporters heading this way. You're the legendary racing queen. How long do you think it will take them to reach your doorstep"

"You..." Isabella's face changed before she could finish her sentence.

She quickly opened Michael's car door and got in. "Drive, unless you want to be the center of a big news story. I don't!"

Seeing her swiftly buckle her seatbelt, Michael's eyes curved with satisfaction. He stepped on the gas, and the car sped away from the villa like a flash.

By the time the reporters arrived with their equipment, Michael had already taken Isabella away from the villa.

On the road, Isabella looked at Michael, who was sitting very close to her, and the unique scent that occasionally wafted from him.

She coughed uncomfortably. "Let me make it clear, I only got in your car to avoid the reporters."

"Perfect, we can also discuss the divorce agreement." Michael glanced at her slightly reddened ears, feeling inexplicably pleased.

With a faint smile, he said, "Alright, as you wish. The traffic might be heavy at this time, so we can talk as long as you want."

Isabella looked at him as if she had seen a ghost, frowning deeply.

Was this still the Michael she knew?

The divorce terms she had prepared to say were stuck in her throat. Seeing Michael's amicable demeanor, Isabella felt something was off.

She decided to keep quiet.

Turning to look out the window, she didn't want to be played by him again.

###chapter 62 Putting on a Show of Affection

Isabella remained silent throughout the journey.

Finally, they arrived at their destination. Just as she was about to get out of the car, Isabella paused when she saw the surroundings.

Michael had parked the car several dozen feet away from the entrance.

"Why didn't you park in the underground garage?" Isabella frowned.

Walking from here would be too conspicuous.

She didn't want anyone from the Brown Group to see her getting out of the car with Michael and misunderstand their relationship.

Michael unbuckled his seatbelt. "If we go in, how are we supposed to act like a loving couple?"

Isabella's eyes widened. "Michael, are you crazy? Why should I play along with this act? We're about to get divorced!"

Isabella instinctively wanted to escape.

Before she could open the car door, she was pulled back. Michael reclined the seat and pressed down on her without any courtesy.

In the confined space of the car, Isabella's hands were held by him, and their bodies were tightly pressed together.

This action was too intimate.

Anyone passing by would think their relationship was unusual.

Isabella's breathing became erratic, and she didn't dare to move, fearing that Michael might actually do something here.

Seeing that resistance was futile, she simply tilted her head and asked, "Just say it, what's your purpose?"

Isabella, lying under him, exuded a faint sweet fragrance and lay quietly without making a fuss, making Michael feel a bit itchy inside.

His throat moved up and down. "I have only one request. When you get out of the car, stay by my side. Don't let anyone in the company notice anything, and by the way, dispel the rumors about our divorce."

Isabella was stunned. She never expected such shameless request.

The divorce had been delayed repeatedly by him until now.

It wasn't actually a rumor.

Now he wanted her to dispel the rumors. She was truly angry.

"Michael, you really have some nerve. Even at this point, you want to maintain your dignity. There's no room for negotiation about the divorce. I don't agree." As Isabella spoke, she tried to push him away, but Michael knew her too well.

He pressed her down and explained, "I told you, it's just an act, for one day. Besides, do you really think the mess you caused didn't affect the company? The stock market has been dropping for days. Can you say you're not responsible?"

Isabella didn't fall for his trick and sneered, "What responsibility? If you had been straightforward about the divorce, none of this would have happened. You're the one managing the company. You can't blame me."

Just as Michael was about to say something, a group of people walked by outside, and his eyes flashed.

He suddenly leaned close to her ear, his low voice sending a tingling sensation through her body. "Someone's coming. What do you think will happen if I roll down the window now? Do you want to try?"

Michael chuckled lowly, with a hint of seduction and intention.

Hearing this, Isabella became both anxious and angry. She knew Michael was capable of doing such a thing and was furious.

She bit him hard.

Michael frowned but didn't let go of her. "Bite all you want. I'll take it as your agreement."

Michael had planned all of this from the moment he appeared at her doorstep.

This was the Brown Group building. Even if he could bring himself to do such shameless things, she couldn't stand being watched like a live broadcast.

When they got out of the car, Michael extended his hand to Isabella, his eyes filled with a tenderness that could melt her.

Only Isabella knew how fake he was.

But with so many people watching, she took a deep breath and still took Michael's hand, walking intimately into the elevator together.

Everyone who saw them was shocked.

Recently, news about Isabella and rumors of their divorce had been all over the headlines.

No one expected that before they could get any follow-up, Isabella and Michael would appear hand in hand at the company, shattering the hopes of those waiting for Isabella to divorce and find a new husband.

As they watched the elevator doors close, a group of people at the front desk started gossiping.

"What's going on? Aren't they supposed to get divorced? How come they appeared together in the company lobby today?"

"Not just that. Mr. Brown had a smile on his face the whole time. Have any of you ever seen Mr. Brown that happy?"

"Maybe Mr. Brown and Mrs. Brown were just having a spat and aren't really getting divorced?"

"But what about Mrs. Brown and Thomas from the Wilson Family? A lot of people online say they're the real deal!"

"Yeah, and Mr. Brown has been seen getting close to Mrs. Brown's sister, Bianca. There are even intimate photos of them online!"

"That's why rich people live in a different world from us. It's so messy."

"Stop it. Last time somebody badmouthed Mrs. Brown and got fired. We need to keep our jobs."

Top floor.

In the serious and quiet conference room, Michael and Isabella walked in.

All eyes were on Isabella. Most of the people here were shareholders of the Brown Group, and their gazes were filled with dissatisfaction and scrutiny.

Isabella raised an eyebrow. It seemed these people were unhappy with her.

Good, she didn't like them either.

If she took this opportunity to bring up the divorce. Maybe these people would even help her.

Aiden, sitting at the head of the table, saw Isabella and waved her over to sit next to him.

Isabella let go of Michael's hand and walked straight to Aiden.

She finally felt relieved after acting all the way here.

"I've made myself clear. You've seen the contract. All my shares will be transferred to Isabella starting today! Isabella, sign it." Aiden smiled and handed her one of the two copies of the contract, his tone as calm as if he were talking about weather.

The people sitting below stared, their faces dark, but no one dared to voice any objections.

After all, Aiden was transferring his personal shares within the group, which didn't affect the group's overall interests. Even so, the amount was significant.

But the Brown Group had flourished under Aiden's leadership.

In the Brown Group, Aiden's words carried a lot of weight.

His decision was not something the shareholders could stop.

The contract had been drafted by Aiden's lawyer long ago. He was here just to inform them and back Isabella up, not to negotiate with them.

Isabella opened the contract and her pupils contracted.

Fifty-five percent of the shares!

Aiden hadn't kept any for himself. He was handing over his life's work to her.

And twenty percent of those shares belonged to Michael.

If she signed this, she would have decision-making power in the Brown Group.

To put it bluntly, Michael would be working for her.

But how was that possible?

How could Michael agree to this?

###chapter 63 Michael's Deep Schemes

Isabella instinctively looked at Michael beside her, her eyes filled with immense shock.

But Michael remained calm; he was clearly aware of this contract.

Isabella was even more confused.

She knew how much Michael cared about this heir position.

For the past three years, he had devoted almost all his time to work to secure his position as the CEO, which was why Aiden was satisfied to hand over the group to him.

But now, he didn't say a word. 

"Isabella, just sign it after you read it." Aiden urged her, and the assistant behind him handed over a pen.

"Grandpa, no, I can't sign this contract!" Isabella decisively refused.

Aiden had mentioned this to her before, but she thought it was just a joke to annoy Michael.

At that time, she was heartbroken and agreed casually just to make Michael uncomfortable.

But now, to accept half of the Brown Group's interests, she couldn't do it.

That would be too selfish, and it would betray Aiden's trust.

Because she was still going to divorce Michael.

Aiden smiled, "Isabella, this is my gift to you. Just consider it a small present, don't stress too much about it."

Isabella wanted to explain, but Aiden shook his head, "There's nothing wrong with it. If it weren't for you when I fell ill on the street, I would have died long ago. You've been wronged in the Brown Family all these years; consider this my compensation, okay? Signing this contract doesn't mean you have to manage the entire group. You just sit at home and collect money. If there's anything at the company, let Michael handle it. You can come and inspect from time to time."

Aiden's words made Isabella even more confused.

Aiden said, "Don't think too much, just sign it."

Michael's body was close to hers, and he whispered in her ear, "Grandpa already convinced them before we came. If you don't sign now, you're questioning his authority, which will make him lose face."

Isabella felt a sense of helplessness, and for a moment, she didn't know what to do.

Her mind went blank.

So much so that she was dazed about what happened next and how the meeting ended quickly.

After Aiden left, Michael took her to his office.

As the door closed, Isabella became more alert and shook off his hand, "Michael, why did you say those things to me? Why didn't you stop it?"

She didn't understand why Michael transferred his shares to her too.

He was the heir to the Brown Group.

In their three years of marriage, she had seen him fight step by step to secure this position.

What did he want exactly?

"Why should I stop it?" Michael looked at her quietly, stepping closer, "You want to divorce me and take half of my assets. Now I'm giving you everything, including my status and wealth. Do you still think I don't care about you? Do you still want to divorce me?"

He held her shoulders and asked her calmly.

Isabella's heart trembled, and she bit her lip hard, "You mean you knew the contents of this contract all along, and this is just a trap!"

Isabella thought, 'Michael, to avoid divorce, you even used the group's interests, which you value most, as part of your plan.'

Michael didn't deny it; he indeed knew Aiden's intentions and didn't oppose them. "This is the best way. You'll have everything you want, nothing will change, and you can continue being Mrs. Brown."

She felt uneasy because everything in the Brown Family had nothing to do with her.

Now he was giving her everything in the Brown Group, including himself. From now on, half of the Brown Group's money would flow into her exclusive account.

There was no greater sense of security than this.

"Michael, don't impose your thoughts on me. I'm not you; I don't need these things, and I'm not interested in the Brown Group's assets." Isabella was furious. When had she ever said she wanted anything from the Brown Group?

All she wanted was the half of the assets he should give her. "Don't think I don't know what you're up to. If I sign this contract, it will become your best defense in the divorce. Not only will I not get any compensation, but everyone will say I coveted the Brown Family's assets."

There was no such good thing in this world.

Especially when it came to Michael.

Isabella slowly realized and saw through Michael's true intentions.

Michael was scheming, and his methods were endless.

She would never believe he would do something like giving away his money.

"In your heart, am I really that kind of person?" Michael's face darkened, and his chest heaved with anger at Isabella's baseless accusations.

He yanked off his tie and threw it on the sofa, "No matter what you think, as long as I don't agree, you can forget about getting a divorce!"

"Michael, who do you think you are? I will divorce you no matter what. Just wait and see!" Isabella raised her voice.

Michael still wanted to use such shameless tactics to trap her. No way.

Isabella threw the contract she had been clutching all the way at him and strode out.

Michael grabbed Isabella from behind, threw her onto the sofa, and took off his suit jacket, pressing down on her.

Fortunately, the door was tightly closed; otherwise, it would have caused quite a stir if people outside saw it.

"Isabella, what are you fussing about? You want money, I'll give it to you. I'm giving you myself too. What more do you want?" Michael frowned, his deep eyes reflecting Isabella's struggling and angry face.

"Let go." Isabella looked up and met Michael's eyes. For the first time, she saw a rare emotion in his eyes.

It was confusion and reluctance.

She struggled even more, as if she couldn't wait to escape from Michael. "Michael, you promised that as long as I cooperated with the act, you wouldn't go too far."

She didn't dare to look at him again. Michael was the man she had loved for over ten years. The emotions in his eyes were what she had longed for all these years.

But she had been deceived by him for three years. She couldn't let herself be swayed by a reluctant look from Michael.

She had already given up on him.

She saw clearly what kind of person he was.

She shouldn't let herself be deceived again, nor did she want to be hurt again.

Michael's gaze was intense. Ignoring her resistance, he leaned down and kissed her.

His lips gently pressed against hers, a light touch that calmed her emotions.

Finally, he rested his forehead against hers, and gently embraced her, letting out a low sigh, "Isabella."

At that moment, something seemed to crack in her heart.

###chapter 64 She Did It on Purpose, But He Liked It

"Michael." Bianca heard that the Brown Group was holding a shareholders' meeting today, and even Aiden was attending. She rushed over, only to witness the tender scene before her eyes.

Michael possessively held Isabella in his arms, shielding her from view, which deeply provoked Bianca.

Ever since Isabella kicked her out, Bianca had been trying every possible way to deliver a fatal blow to Isabella.

But she never expected that Isabella, a country girl, would turn out to be the recent online sensation, the racing queen.

One race changed everyone's perception of Isabella, and they even started to like her.

The dirt she had paid netizens to dig up was buried.

Instead, it created a buzz for Isabella, and everyone began to sympathize with her tragic background.

She had endured several days at home, fearing that any photos taken of her would spark negative public opinion. If it weren't for Stella's call about the stock transfer, she wouldn't come out.

She hadn't even finished listening before rushing over, but she was still a step too late.

The meeting was over, and she witnessed Michael and Isabella's intimate embrace with her own eyes.

She cursed in her head, 'That bitch, Isabella. Why does everything I wants end up in Isabella's hands? The position of Mrs. Brown, Michael, and even Aiden's favor-all of these should have been mine. Isabella, who has been kicked out of the house, dared to compete with me. Grace couldn't beat Harper, and Isabella couldn't beat me either.'

But she couldn't show it in front of Michael.

Even though she was seething with anger, she had to pretend she accidentally walked in. "Michael, Isabella, what are you doing? This is the company!"

She acted as if she couldn't stand it, hoping to embarrass Isabella, who would leave in a fit of anger.

But she was met with a contemptuous snort. "Are you blind? Can't you see what we're doing?"

Seeing Michael straighten up, Isabella instead wrapped her arms around his neck, pulling him down and biting his neck, leaving a noticeable mark on his jawline.

That spot made it obvious what had happened.

Seeing Isabella being so forward, even though it hurt a bit, Michael's mood improved significantly. He sat up and pulled her close to him.

"Isabella, this is the company, and it's broad daylight. Don't you have any shame?" Bianca's face turned pale with anger, and she started cursing.

Ever since Isabella kicked her family out of Garden Villa, Bianca had stopped pretending.

"I think the shameless one here is you," Isabella retorted, "You knew this was Michael's office, yet you barged in without knocking, interrupting us, and you have the nerve to stand there watching. So, you're the most shameless one here."

Bianca's face turned pale. She had always presented herself as gentle and understanding in front of Michael.

Moreover, Michael hadn't divorced Isabella yet, so cursing Isabella wouldn't do her any good.

She shifted her gaze to Michael, seeking help.

Her eyes were full of grievance. "Michael, I came here because I have something important to discuss with you. Can we talk alone?"

Hearing this, Isabella raised an eyebrow and stood up. Just when Bianca thought she was leaving out of self-awareness, Isabella merely adjusted her clothes.

She gave Bianca a provocative look.

Then she extended her hand to Michael on the couch, coquettishly saying, "Michael, I want to sit in your chair. Can you carry me over?"

This was the first time Isabella had spoken to him in such a tone. Her playful and cute demeanor made Michael's heart flutter.

He remained expressionless, grabbed her hand, and pulled her into his arms. He carried her to the desk and placed her in the leather chair, which was his office chair.

Isabella sat there as if it were her rightful place, and Michael stood beside her indulgently.

She looked up at the dumbfounded Bianca, as if watching a joke.

"Didn't you have something to say? Go ahead, I'm curious to hear what important matter it is. If you insist on speaking to Michael alone, I won't insist on staying, but..." She turned to Michael, her eyes filled with flirtation. "Michael, you wouldn't want to leave me here alone, would you?"

Michael didn't deny it.

He knew she was doing it on purpose, but he liked it.

But Bianca, who was being treated as invisible, was so angry she could almost spit blood.

"Bianca, just say what you have to say!" Michael finally spoke. His eyes, once filled with tolerance for Bianca, were now cold and indifferent, just like with any other person.

The way Harper and her daughter had treated Isabella had exhausted his patience.

"Michael, I came here to discuss a business matter, not a personal one. Can't we talk alone?" Bianca bit her lip, looking at Michael with a fragile expression.

She thought to herself, 'Clearly, I am the one who truly love him. Why couldn't he understand? Isabella only has a marriage contract that no one recognizes. How could she take him away?'

"If it's a business matter, you should discuss it in front of Isabell Michael's tone was firm, with a hint of pride. "Half of the Brown Group's shares have been transferred to Isabella. Her shares now exceed mine and my grandfather's. Even I have to listen to her in the company."

Bianca didn't believe it at all.

Even if Aiden favored Isabella, he wouldn't transfer all the shares to her.

Even if he did, it would be a small amount, just for show.

No one in their right mind would hand over the family assets, especially with Michael, the heir of the Brown Group, still around.

Maybe he was just going along with Isabella.

Bianca felt a deep resentment. "Michael, have you forgotten? We grew up together. When we were kids, you even caught little goldfish for me in the river and gave me your favorite cat pendant."

Bianca deliberately mentioned their childhood, hoping Michael would remember who he truly loved.

There was a time when Michael had shown her some warmth.

After Isabella was taken away, Bianca was brought to the Taylor Family and met Michael, who waited at the gate every day.

The following years were spent with Michael at the same school.

At that time, she knew that the person Michael was waiting for was Isabella. Only when she mentioned Isabella would Michael talk to her.

"Cat pendant?"

"Cat pendant?" Isabella frowned at Michael. She seemed to have some memory of having such an item when she was a child.

Michael explained, his face darkening, "That thing wasn't a gift from me. You took it without my permission."

###chapter 65 Did You Have Fun?

Upon hearing this explanation, Isabella reluctantly nodded.

In the office, only she was seated, occupying the main office chair. She stared at Bianca in front of her with a scrutinizing gaze.

Bianca didn't care about her look; what mattered to her were Michael's words.

Over the years, she had learned some unreasonable tactics from Harper. Even in unfavorable situations, she could use her words to fight for a chance.

She continued talking about her childhood, "Then, you saved me in the alley and chased away those who bullied me. Are these things also false?"

Isabella squinted her eyes and glanced at Michael beside her.

Realizing he had saved Bianca before, she had really underestimated him.

Michael felt Isabella's judgmental gaze and looked at the frail Bianca, feeling somewhat awkward. "You misunderstood. I was just passing by that time, and you blocked my way home."

"But you did save me. Are you not even willing to admit that?" Bianca was on the verge of tears.

Michael was speechless. He cleared his throat. "I intervened because those people were my subordinates. They usually collected protection fees for me. I couldn't just watch them bully someone, so I had to pull them aside and teach them a lesson."

This time, not only Bianca but even Isabella was stunned.

This was the Michael they had admired for over a decade, a person revered as a role model by the outside world.

As a child, he led a group of kids to collect protection fees. Did the Brown Family lack that bit of money?

Isabella really wanted to know why she had loved Michael so much back then.

"But..."

Bianca wanted to say something more but was promptly stopped by Isabella.

"Shut up!"

She couldn't listen to it anymore.

If this continued, she wasn't sure if the two were really lovers, but she couldn't hear any more about Michael's past.

She could hardly look directly at the tall and cold Michael in front of her.

"Whether it's work or personal matters, I don't want to hear it anymore. Either you leave now, or I'll have someone escort you out!" As Isabella spoke, she had already pressed the intercom, "Security, send two people to escort Ms. Taylor out of the company."

Bianca looked at Isabella in disbelief, sitting in Michael's chair and using his authority.

Seeing Bianca not moving with her blush face, Isabella didn't forget to add one last sentence, "One more thing, from today on, your cooperation with the Brown Group is over. There will be no renewal, and all your current endorsements are canceled. You no longer have the right to step into the Brown Group for work. Do you understand?"

Isabella squinted her eyes slightly, hitting the key points with a calm demeanor.

She seemed indifferent to everything, but she kept everything in her heart.

Michael lowered his eyes, taking in her every move. Isabella always managed to surprise him unexpectedly.

Every aspect of her had a deadly attraction to him.

Bianca, who used to enter the CEO's office without any hindrance, was now kicked out of the Brown Group.

From today on, she wasn't allowed to enter the company without an appointment.

The company's internal staff only learned today that Bianca was the one pretending to be the hostess of the Brown Group.

Every time she brought breakfast to the company, everyone greeted her respectfully, not expecting Isabella to expose her so quickly.

Bianca was thrown out like trash, utterly humiliated.

The gossiping voices followed her all the way. The moment she walked out of the building, Bianca's face turned blush with shame.

She randomly hailed a cab and cried all the way back to the apartment Michael had given her family.

In the small living room, Indigo and Harper were arguing fiercely about the villa they used to live in.

Harper, hands on her hips, cursed Indigo for being stupid, questioning why he didn't secure the house in his name after Grace died.

Now, she was used to living the life of a wealthy lady, and in her old age, she was looked down upon.

The house they lived in now wasn't bad, but compared to the Garden Villa, it was far inferior.

Her status had significantly dropped.

Harper, who had risen from the bottom, cursed with the most unpleasant words.

Indigo, afraid of Harper, wanted to curse back but didn't dare.

Marrying Harper was the biggest punishment of his life.

In his youth, he had been sincere, with Grace, who was an elegant andgenerous woman.

But men were like that; facing the same type of woman for a long time, they inevitably succumbed to temptation.

At that time, he thought that since Isabella had been kicked out, it didn't matter whose name was on the house; it was still his.

Now, he only regretted not being more ruthless, wishing Grace and Isabella had both died, saving him from all the subsequent troubles.

If Isabella were dead, Bianca would have married into the Brown Family by now.

He would have more money than he could spend in a lifetime.

Seeing Bianca return with red eyes, Harper lovingly fetched some ice.

Listening to Bianca recount what had happened at the Brown Group, Harper's hands trembled with anger. "It's that bitch Isabella again. Why didn't she die back then?"

She then comforted Bianca, "Bianca, don't cry. Don't worry, I have a way to deal with Isabella. Just wait and see."

"Mom, do you really have a way to deal with Isabella?" Bianca stopped crying, her eyes filled with intense hatred.

"Of course, Grace wasn't my match. How arrogant can Isabella be? I will definitely avenge you."

At the CEO's office, Michael looked down at Isabella, who was flipping through the contracts on his desk with interest, her body leaning against the desk, long legs crossed.

"Did you have fun?" His voice was low and magnetic.

Hearing this, Isabella pushed the chair back a step with her long legs, looking at him with a raised chin. "Not bad. Maybe being a major shareholder of the Brown Group isn't so bad."

"Is being a major shareholder the only good thing?" Michael gazed at her, raising an eyebrow, clearly implying something.

Isabella pretended not to understand. "What else is there?"

Michael hooked the chair with his long leg, pulling her back in front of him. "There's also me."

With that, he pressed the back of the chair, lowering his head to kiss her, his eyes filled with uncontrollable desire.

"Stop it, what are you trying to do again?" Isabella panicked. Michael had been acting like he was in heat lately, kissing her at every turn.

Michael chuckled, determined to have her. "Why hide? Who was the one seducing me just now? Now you want to back out? Too late."

As Michael's handsome and devilish face got closer, Isabella's breath tightened.

At that moment, the ringing of her phone saved her.

###chapter 66 Intense Scolding

Michael didn't take the phone call seriously at all and immediately kissed Isabella.

His domineering presence invaded her mouth completely.

If Isabella hadn't pushed him away forcefully, she might have been swallowed whole by him.

Isabella was surprised when she saw the call was from Indigo.

To prevent Michael from acting out again, she decisively answered, "What do you want?"

"You bastard, is that how you talk to me? Get your ass to Willow Creek Estates and apologize to Bianca!" As soon as Indigo got on the line, he started cursing at Isabella.

His shrill voice was painful to the ears.

Isabella put the phone on the table to avoid dirtying her ears. "My dad's long dead. Who do you think you are, ordering me around? Have you forgotten we cut ties when I moved out?"

The day she left the Taylor Family at seven years old, she had completely severed all familial ties with Indigo in her heart.

If Daniel hadn't found her, she would have been tortured to death by Harper and Bianca.

"You bitch, I'm your father. You think you can just cut ties like that? How dare you curse me? You're ungrateful and will be punished!" Indigo was even more furious when he heard Isabella dare to curse him.

"What a joke. People like you, who never do anything good, live just fine. What do I have to be afraid of? If anyone's going to die, it'll be you, the one who cheated during marriage! Don't call me again. Hearing your voice makes me sick. You relied on women when you were young and now rely on pleasing others as you age. It's embarrassing. You're a useless man who'll end up being coddled by a woman till the end." Isabella fired back without even pausing for breath.

Michael, listening on the side, was impressed by Isabella's sharp tongue. She didn't even flinch while cursing Indigo.

Thinking back, it seemed like the insults Isabella had thrown at him before were mild in comparison.

He didn't know much about Indigo.

But he had heard some things about the Taylor Family.

When Isabella's mother, Grace, passed away, Harper brought Bianca into the Taylor Family the very next day.

Since then, Isabella hadn't had a full meal, and her clothes were no longer as nice, often showing signs of being torn.

At that time, Michael was strictly controlled by Aiden regarding money and had very little. Coincidentally, someone wanted him to be the leader of that area to protect them from outsiders.

That was how the "protection fee" came about. He had planned to use the money to buy Isabella a nice outfit, gloves, and a hat, but the next day, Isabella was gone.

When he went to wait for her outside, Bianca told him Isabella had gone to the countryside and wouldn't be coming back.

Michael didn't know much beyond that, but Indigo's attitude towards Isabella made it clear he was far from a good father.

When Indigo approached him for investment funds, he used Isabella's name.

At the time, Michael thought Isabella liked talking to Aiden so much because she longed for family affection, which moved him to help Indigo that one time.

"Isabella, let me tell you, don't think Grace's death was my fault. She was shameless and got sick with an incurable disease. She brought it on herself!" Irritated by Isabella's words, Indigo yelled hysterically into the phone

Isabella was so speechless that sneered. "Indigo, if you hadn't been keeping a mistress behind my mom's back, she wouldn't have gotten sick from anger. My mom's death was caused by you and Harper!"

Thinking of that scene from years ago, Isabella wished they were dead.

"Don't talk nonsense. Grace's death had nothing to do with me. She cheated first and was caught by me. She died of shame." Indigo seemed proud of this. "So what if I kept a mistress? Grace drove me to it. Who knows if she was fooling around outside and got sick? She deserved to die!"

"Indigo, stop slandering my mom. You cheated and still make excuses. Why don't you say Bianca appeared out of thin air? She's only a year younger than me. By your logic, she's someone else's child!"

The two of them were arguing fiercely over the phone.

"Isabella, it doesn't matter what you say. The fact is, if you hadn't married into the Brown Family, it would have been Bianca. I'm warning you, you'd better divorce Michael and clear up Bianca's situation online. Otherwise, I'll reveal all of Grace's past online. Don't you have a grandfather, Daniel? If you don't listen to me, I'll have someone kill him." Indigo threatened. "Daniel is just an old man from the countryside. I might not even need to do much. Just mentioning Grace might be enough to make him die of a heart attack."

"Indigo, don't go too far!" Isabella's eyes narrowed in anger. Indigo, who had been a coward all his life, was now standing up for Bianca.

He even dared to threaten Daniel. If Indigo knew Daniel's true identity, one look from Daniel would have his subordinates throw Indigo into the sea to feed the fish.

"You better wait at home. You want to threaten me? I'll come to you right now and see what evidence you have." Isabella hung up.

She got up to leave, but Michael grabbed his coat and followed her.

"What are you doing?" Isabella frowned. "Regretting making me sign those papers?"

Michael took her hand. "I'm going with you."

Indigo's family consisted of three people, all unreasonable and aggressive. He didn't want Isabella to suffer.

"This is my business. Why are you coming?" Isabella shook off his hand decisively. "Don't follow me."

Michael was persistent, but Isabella glared at him. "Take one more step, and I'll have divorce papers sent to you. Try me?"

Hearing that, Michael fell silent.

Isabella had found his weak spot and kept using divorce to threaten him.

But he really didn't want to hear that from her again.

He obediently stood still.

"Then I'll wait for your call. Contact me if you need anything." Michael's tone was considerate and gentle.

But Isabella didn't even glance at him. She waved her hand and walked out the door.

She was going to confront Indigo's family, bringing Michael along would be ridiculous.

If he developed feelings for Bianca and sided with them, she would feel extremely disgusted.

Isabella took Michael's car keys, got into his sports car parked outside, and sped off towards Willow Creek Estates where Indigo's family lived.

###chapter 67 Asking for Shares

When she arrived, Isabella opened the door directly. The three was in the living room discussing how to deal with her.

She sneered after hearing them.

She walked straight over, sat on the couch opposite them, and glanced at the three people in front of her with a mocking look. "Go ahead, what have you come up with? Just bring it on."

Seeing Isabella really come alone, the three of them were stunned.

"Who let you in directly?" Harper was the first to react. "Wait, how do you have the key to my house? This is illegal entry, I'm calling the cop!"

Harper could hold a grudge for a lifetime for being kicked out of the villa by Isabella.

"Then call them. I'm not stopping you." Isabella crossed her arms and lifted her chin. "This house was bought by Michael a couple of years ago, and I helped pick it out. It's our marital property. Even if he wanted to give it away, he couldn't decide that on his own. As for the proof, you must have the contract materials for this house, right?"

"What contract? Weren't you there when Michael said it? What nonsense are you talking about?" Harper's eyes widened in shock.

The house was indeed given by Michael, but he never sent any corresponding agreement afterward.

"Without a transfer agreement, aren't you the ones illegally occupying this house? After all, as the owner of the house, I never agreed to let you live here." Isabella smirked coldly.

Looking at this family of idiots, she felt very speechless

"You," Harper was about to curse but was stopped by a look from Indigo.

He looked at Isabella. "I heard you got shares in the Brown Group. You dared to hide such a big thing from us. Don't forget, we are your birth parents. Blood ties can't be cut off. Bianca just told me a lot, and I've decided to forgive you this time. From now on, we are still a family."

Isabella remained silent.

Indigo continued, "But as a child, you should give us half of the shares you have as a sign of respect for your mother and me. And you should also give a portion to Bianca to help her career grow. We are a family; we won't treat you unfairly."

Indigo spoke earnestly, as if he wasn't asking Isabella for money. It was as if these things were rightfully his.

"That's right. If you do all this, the Taylor Family will still acknowledge you." Harper acted extremely magnanimous.

Bianca, sitting beside them, said nothing, but her eyes clearly showed she wanted all of this.

After all, those were shares in the Brown Group. Having them would mean being tied to Michael forever. She wouldn't need an excuse to see him anymore.

Isabella couldn't hold back and laughed out loud. "What are you talking? You want me to give you the shares? Stop dreaming, Who's family with you? You don't deserve it?"

"Isabella, don't be ungrateful. If it weren't for us raising you, would you be alive today?"

Isabella shook her head, still smiling, but it didn't reach her eyes.

Isabella shook her head, still smiling, but it didn't reach her eyes. "You raised me? If you hadn't mentioned it, I might have forgotten! When I was a child, you ordered the servants not to leave me any food, making me go to school hungry. When I came back, I had to clean the house and often got beaten for no reason. I had to scavenge for food and was accused of stealing."

Isabella sneered, her eyes sharp. "Did I ever tell you that reclaiming my mother's house was just the first step? Your retribution is far from over!"

"Isabella, do you really think we aren't prepared?" Bianca, who had been sitting quietly, suddenly threw some photos on the table, looking smug. "Here is evidence of Grace cheating with another man. If I post these online, let's see if you still have the nerve to stay by Michael's side."

"Exactly. A shameless woman like Grace can't raise a good daughter. The Brown Family will kick you out. Only Bianca deserves the title of Mrs. Brown. You, a bumpkin, have no right to this position," Harper said arrogantly.

If she had known Indigo had these photos, she would have had him bring them out earlier. Maybe Bianca would have married into the Brown Family back then.

Isabella ignored them and picked up the photos to take a look.

Although the photos were old, Grace's gentle smile and the tall, handsome man smiling back at her were still recognizable.

It was her uncle, Atticus, who was far away abroad.

So Atticus had found Grace back then.

Unfortunately, even Atticus couldn't make Grace see Indigo's true nature.

But these photos were clearly taken secretly, each one deliberately showing them in intimate angles, and there were so many of them.

Isabella's eyes swept sharply over someone.

Back then, Harper had used these photos to ruin Grace's marriage.

Indigo's baseless suspicions and verbal abuse, along with external rumors, had caused Grace's already weak body to collapse.

If it weren't for her, Grace wouldn't have ended up like this.

Isabella narrowed her eyes, exuding extreme coldness. She slowly stood up and smiled coldly at the three people in front of her. "You've hidden these for so long. I really underestimated your ambition!"

"Mr. Martin, you can come in now!" The door was pushed open from the outside, and a tall man in a sharp suit walked in. It was the internationally renowned lawyer, Ryan.

He stepped aside to make way for the person behind him. Thomas, with his hands in his pockets, walked over to Isabella.

Thomas, in a black trench coat and sunglasses, exuded an aura that made him look like he was shielding Isabella.

"Isabella, what are you trying to do by bringing people here?" With two men suddenly in the room, both looking formidable, Indigo quickly sensed something was wrong.

Isabella shrugged. "What can I do? I just want to make things clear. Every word you've said since I walked in has been recorded. Well, and that call you made half an hour ago, threatening to find my grandfather and kill him? I recorded that too. Now all the evidence is here, and so is the lawyer!" 

"You bitch! How dare you do this to me? I'm your father!" Indigo never expected Isabella to record their conversation.

Those words were said in a fit of anger. If they were used as evidence and something happened to Daniel, he would be the prime suspect.

###chapter 68 How could you possibly be a Wilson?

Seeing Indigo clutching his chest in anger, Harper quickly helped him sit down.

Bianca reached out to block Indigo and Harper, pointing at Isabella and Thomas as she cursed, "Isabella, don't think I don't know about your relationship with this man. You haven't even divorced Michael yet, and you dare to bring him out like this. Aren't you afraid that Michael will find out and kick you out of the Brown Family?"

"Who gave you the guts to talk about him like that? Then again, what can I expect from a daughter raised by Indigo? Your whole family probably doesn't even know what proper upbringing is. You're all just a bunch of blood-sucking parasites." Isabella glanced at them coldly.

They could talk about her, but she would never allow anyone to slander Thomas.

Bianca's eyes were red with anger. "Just you wait, I'm going to tell Michael about you and this man right now. He hates betrayal the most. If you dare to cheat, he won't let you off!"

"That's right, Michael should know what they've been doing behind his back. The Brown Family won't tolerate a slut like Isabella." Harper chimed in.

Thomas looked at the family with cold eyes, filled with disgust.

He had received elite education since childhood and had never heard such vulgar and unpleasant words in his family.

Just standing there made him feel like he was soaked in a disgusting odor, making it unbearable even for a moment.

But just thinking about how Isabella had lived in such a family environment for so long, he could feel her helplessness and sadness as a child.

Fortunately, Daniel had noticed something was wrong in time and brought Isabella back to the Wilson Family.

If she had been left alone in such a family, Isabella's future might have been ruined by these people.

Realizing she had suffered so much back then, Thomas' eyes darkened as he reached out to wrap his arm around Isabella's shoulder, gently patting her.

No wonder she hadn't mentioned anything about the Taylor Family for so many years.

Isabella felt Thomas's emotions and knew he was feeling sorry for her.

But these people had clearly insulted him too, yet he only cared about her.

Isabella's heart warmed. She turned to look at the three people in front of her, her eyes full of coldness. "You can talk about me, but if I hear you badmouthing my uncle again, I can make you leave right now."

Bianca, holding her phone, froze and looked at Isabella and Thomas in disbelief. "What did you say? He's not your sugar daddy?"

Hearing Isabella reveal his identity, Thomas had no intention of hiding it anymore.

He glanced coldly at them and said in a deep voice, "I am Isabella's uncle. I am from the Wilson Family in the eastern part of Valoria. Isabella is my niece and the most cherished heiress of the Wilson Family. With me around, anyone who dares to bully her can try facing my methods! The Wilson Family may not like to show off, but we are not afraid of trouble. The eastern part of Valoria is our territory, but we have influence in the southern as well. It's up to you to decide."

Thomas' voice was calm but carried a menacing tone.

His words were also highly intimidating.

Ryan, standing nearby, tensed up and instinctively moved aside.

To others, Thomas might seem like a refined gentleman, but those who knew him well understood that it was just a facade.

When Thomas got angry, no one could suppress him.

The man who had carved out a path on Sterling Avenue and founded the first financial group couldn't possibly be easy to deal with.

After all, Thomas had even brought up the Wilson Family. The only group that could go against the Wilson Family and still be fine was the Brown Group in Evergreen City.

Even if Indigo's family was ignorant, they knew the reputation of the Wilson Group in the eastern part of Valoria. It was an entity that even the Brown Group wouldn't dare to provoke easily.

He couldn't help but thought, 'Isabella is a Wilson? How could that be!'

If Isabella was a Wilson, then when he married Grace, who was a daughterof the Wilson Group. But back then, he had only thought Grace was a college girl pursuing true love.

He had never imagined she had such a powerful background and influence.

The more Indigo thought about it, the more terrified he became. He stood up, trembling. "Are you talking about the Wilson Family of the Wilson Group?"

"Yes!" Thomas couldn't be bothered to explain further, his eyes coldly scrutinizing Indigo, this weak and incompetent man. He couldn't understand how the naive Grace had fallen for such a bad man.

Indigo was both bad and useless, and he had even brought outsiders to bully Isabella. A man like Indigo was rotten to the core.

Looking back, it was probably because the Wilson Family had been too protective of Grace.

Daniel had been strict with her, not allowing her to go out or make friends with boys. Her brothers had spoiled her, giving her whatever she wanted.

But they hadn't taught her how to discern good men from bad.

So when she met Indigo, she was deceived by his lies about love.

"Impossible, Grace was just an ordinary person. When we got married, not her single family member showed up. How could she be a Wilson." The more Indigo thought about it, the more terrified he became.

Rather than not believing Grace was a Wilson, he couldn't face the fact that she was.

After all, considering what he had done to Grace and Isabella, if it were investigated, he couldn't hide anything.

Grace had died just like that. The Wilson Family would never let him off.

"Isabella, do you think we would believe you just because you said a few random words?" Bianca rolled her eyes at Isabella and Thomas. "You dare claim to be from the Wilson Family in the eastern part of Valoria? There are plenty of people with the same last name. If everyone claimed to be related to the Wilson Group, the whole street wouldn't be enough to hold them."

Hearing Bianca's words, Harper immediately reacted and joined in the scolding. "Exactly, you must be crazy for money. How dare you lie about you are the Wilsons? Look at yourselves, coming from the countryside and pretending to be from a wealthy family. Do you even deserve it?"

After all these years without anyone showing up, Harper wouldn't believe Isabella had any connection to such a wealthy family.

If Isabella was really a Wilson, why didn't she say that before?

Isabella looked at the mother and daughter and couldn't help but laughed. "I love seeing you act like you've never seen the world. Just because I'm in a good mood, I'll give you a little lesson."

With that, Isabella took out her phone and called Chris, who was managing the company.

She put the call on speaker.

"Ms. Taylor, is there something you need?" Chris paused his meeting, stood up, and walked to a quiet place to answer Isabella's call.

His tone was as respectful and polite as always.

Everyone in the room heard it clearly.

###chapter 69 Banning Bianca

"Where did you find this actor? They're already performing over the phone? How much did Isabella pay you to grovel like this? It's ridiculous, the lengths people will go to for a role!" Harper couldn't help but speak sarcastically upon hearing the voice.

Chris, on the other end of the line, heard Harper's insults and his expression changed, thinking, 'Who is she to disrespect Isabella like that? Is she looking for trouble?'

"Ms. Taylor, where are you? Do you need me to come over right now?" Chris sounded ready to spring into action.

"No need, Chris. I can handle this, but I do need you to take care of something for me," Isabella said calmly.

hearing that,Chris quickly replied, "Ms. Taylor, please go ahead. Whatever it is, I'll do my utmost to assist you."

Isabella knew Chris took her words as orders and chuckled to lighten the mood. "It's nothing major. Do you remember the project spokesperson I asked you to remove, Bianca? I heard the Brown Group helped set up a collaboration with EchoMedia Group. Tell them I don't like Bianca and to cancel the contract. If there are any other collaborations, cancel those too. Also, look into Indigo's company. He stays home all day, yet his business remains stable. Make sure there's nothing fishy going on. Investigate thoroughly."

"Got it, Ms. Taylor. I'll get back to you soon." Hearing it was just minor tasks, Chris breathed a sigh of relief over the phone.

He had thought Isabella was in serious trouble, especially with Daniel in the hospital. If something happened to Isabella, he wouldn't be able to face Daniel.

After hanging up, Isabella remained composed.

Bianca sneered. "Isabella, you really know how to act. Getting my endorsement canceled and calling EchoMedia Group? Who do you think you are? EchoMedia Group is a subsidiary of the Brown Group. If you had that kind of power, the entire Brown Group would be at your beck and call."

Indigo was almost convinced by Isabella, but when he heard her claim she could ruin his company with a word, his fear vanished. He thought he had almost been fooled by an act.

He said, "You think you can investigate my company? What a joke!"

Isabella didn't respond, just let out a cold snort, letting Indigo rant.

Thomas sat beside her, legs crossed, eyes closed, resting.

Isabella had already called Chris, so there was nothing more for him to do.

As long as Ryan recorded everything, this family couldn't cause any more trouble.

Indigo hadn't finished speaking when Bianca's phone rang.

EchoMedia Group called, unilaterally canceling their contract with her and informing her there would be no future opportunities for collaboration.

Bianca couldn't get a word in before they hung up.

Immediately after, several entertainment companies she had contacted also called and texted to sever ties with her.

Forget collaboration; they didn't even want to associate with her anymore.

From constant calls to complete silence, it took less than a few minutes.

Bianca was blacklisted in the industry just like that.

"How can they just drop me like that? I'm an award-winning piano prodigy! No, this can't be. My career was just starting, how could it end like this?" Bianca stood there, stunned, muttering to herself while holding her phone.

Next, it was Indigo's turn.

A call from the relevant department informed him to pay the million-dollar tax debt within a week, or his company would be seized, and he would be sent to jail.

Indigo didn't dare disobey. He nodded and begged, his face pale with fear, promising to pay the fine and pleading not to have his company seized.

In the family, only Harper was unemployed, but she wasn't stupid.

Seeing the drastic changes in Indigo and Bianca's expressions, she knew how serious things were.

She recalled Isabella driving them out and the bodyguards she brought, thinking Isabella hired them to scare them at first.

Now it seemed such a display and manpower couldn't be bought with money alone.

Could Isabella really be from the Wilson Family?

'Could Isabella really be a Wilson?' The thought made Harper break out in a cold sweat.

"Isabella, let me explain. I truly loved Grace back then. If she hadn't gotten too close to another man, I wouldn't have been so angry and neglected her. It's all Harper's fault for seducing me first. If she hadn't shown me photos of Grace cheating, I wouldn't have looked at her." After hanging up, Indigo didn't dare to speculate anymore.

Suddenly, Indigo knelt before Isabella, crying and begging. "You have to believe me. We were once a happy family. It's all Harper's fault for causing our separation. I regret it. Can you forgive me this once?"

Looking her clothes were almost pulled over, Isabella disdainfully stepped aside.

Just then, Harper lunged at Indigo, cursing and hitting him, "You bastard! What do you mean I seduced you first? Who climbed into my bed in the middle of the night begging to be with you?"

"You seduced me! Those photos are proof. Without them, I wouldn't have fallen out with Grace. It's all your fault, you bitch."

The two started cursing each other in front of everyone, airing all their dirty laundry.

Harper, fierce all her life, started fighting. Indigo didn't hold back either, and the sound of slaps made everyone flinch.

Isabella couldn't help but move farther away, fearing she'd be hurt by mistake

Bianca looked mortified, but she was too weak to intervene.

So she directed all her anger at Isabella。 "Isabella, are you satisfied now? Mr. Brown gave you shares, you have a say in the Brown Group, my career is ruined because of you, and my family is in shambles. What more do you want? You're just flaunting in front of me by the Brown Group's shares. Without Michael backing you, what are you?" Bianca looked extremely aggrieved.

Unfortunately for her, this tactic worked on Michael but not on Isabella.

Isabella smirked coldly. "I've never relied on Michael's power. The only ones backing me are my family and myself. Besides, I have plenty of money. It's you who values Michael so much. As the heiress to the Wilson Group, I can have any man I want. Why would I settle for him?"

###chapter 70 Don't You Have Anything to Explain to Me?

"From now on, my attorney will handle everything. The Taylor Family will pay back tenfold, a hundredfold, for the pain my mother endured. Enjoy it slowly; I can wait it."

Isabella stood up without hesitation, her eyes filled with a chilling coldness.

What the Taylor Family owed her back then wouldn't be so easily forgiven.

As she pushed open the door, the first thing she saw was a pair of deep, dark eyes.

Michael, dressed in a sharp, iron-gray tailored suit, the same one he wore to the office, stood there quietly. It was unclear how long he had been there.

She had clearly told him not to follow her when she came, but he still came.

As for whom he came for, she didn't need to think much.

One was his first love, Bianca, whom he had cherished for over a decade, and the other was Isabella, who was about to divorce him. Naturally, he came to support Bianca.

Of course, knowing her temper, how could he not come to protect Bianca?

She knew that in his heart, she wasn't even a tenth as important as Bianca, but every time she saw it with her own eyes, it still hurt deeply.

Why did she have to fall in love with Michael, a man she could never truly have?

No matter how many times she was hurt, she couldn't harden her heart.

She thought to herself, 'Isabella, how can you be so foolish? You are the heiress of the Wilson Family, pampered by Daniel and five uncles for over a decade, and the rightful heiress to the Wilson Group. You can't be soft-hearted towards Michael anymore.'

Isabella took a deep breath, her clear eyes meeting Michael's gaze. She no longer concealed her aura and dominance.

She raised her eyebrows slightly. "You must have heard what I just said. Good, it saves me the trouble of repeating myself."

Although Michael had long suspected Isabella's true identity, it was still hard for him to believe when the truth was revealed.

For the first time, he felt the sting of heartache.

She had countless opportunities to tell him her identity over the past three years, but she chose to remain silent.

Even when he confronted her directly, asking who she was, she didn't admit it.

She didn't even want to acknowledge her identity as his wife.

But now, she easily told everyone else, while he, as her husband, had to overhear it from behind a door.

Frustration and anger surged within him, his eyes flashing with red.

"Isabella, you've hidden this from me for three years. Don't you have anything to explain?" Even if it was just a word, he could forgive her for everything.

Isabella, however, smiled coldly. "Michael, don't you think that question is meaningless? Our divorce is certain. What else do I need to explain to you?"

Sensing the extreme anger in Michael's eyes, Isabella only thought he was venting his anger on her because of Bianca.

Even if she just said a harsh word to Bianca, Michael would unreasonably side with Bianca and demand that she apologize personally.

Previously, she valued him too much, making every step difficult.

Now, she wouldn't care about his feelings anymore.

No matter how far he went for Bianca, her revenge on the Taylor Family would not change for anything.

"Michael, I'll see you in court," Isabella looked into his eyes, called his name, and said the last words between them.

Then, she walked past him and left directly.

The door was wide open, and seeing that Michael had really come, Bianca's tears fell as she ran over to cry. "Michael, you're finally here. You heard everything, right? Isabella is really too much. It's bad enough she took our home, but now she wants to destroy my career and my father's company. She's pushing our whole family to the brink. What did we ever do to her? The Taylor Family is her home too. How can she do this?"

Bianca cried while pulling on Michael, her tears hanging at the corners of her eyes, looking pitiful.

But at this moment, Michael was deeply troubled by Isabella's words.

If he had known her visit would cause such a reaction, he would have stopped her.

In the office, she still acted coquettishly towards him, even though he knew it was fake, at least she wouldn't mention divorce.

Now, hearing Bianca crying and complaining in his ear, he only felt annoyed. Just as he was about to shake off her grip, Thomas, dressed in a black trench coat, walked out. Behind him was a lawyer in a sharp suit, Ryan.

Michael frowned, thinking, 'Why are they here too?'

Thomas' gaze fell on the intertwined arms of Bianca and Michael, especially since Michael, knowing Isabella had left, was still entangled with Bianca.

A sharp, cold light flashed in his eyes.

There had been rumors that Michael's heart belonged to Bianca, not Isabella. Seeing it with his own eyes, he realized how difficult Isabella's three years with the Brown Family had been.

He had willingly married her, yet now he protected Bianca in front of Isabella.

If he dared to bully Isabella like this, Thomas would not let it go unpunished.

Thomas' lips pressed into a thin line.

Without a word, he gave Ryan a look, brushed past Michael's shoulder, and strode away to catch up with Isabella.

Ryan, maintaining his professional demeanor, calmly addressed Michael. "Mr. Brown, I am Ms. Taylor's attorney. She forgot to mention something earlier. This house is jointly owned by you and her. She doesn't like these people living here and hopes you can handle it quickly, or it will affect the division of property later."

With that, Ryan left.

He had conveyed Isabella's message accurately; the rest was up to Michael.

With Isabella's declaration to see him in court and the renowned lawyer Ryan following up, Michael's face darkened.

He shouldn't have taken on the trouble of Bianca's family in the first place.

Now he had to deal with these problems.

But the Taylors didn't see it that way. Seeing everyone leave, they approached Michael.

They hoped Michael could help them.

After all, he had promised them the house. How could he go back on his word?

"Isabella, that ungrateful girl, who knows what kind of people taught her to be like this over the years. She has no manners and always wants to make her biological father' lives miserable. What is she thinking? Michael, you should divorce her as soon as possible. Bianca has waited for you for three years. Once you're divorced, you can marry Bianca." Indigo suggested, thinking that once Bianca married into the Brown Family, his company's issues would be easily resolved.

###chapter 71 Bianca, You've Crossed the Line

Harper quickly chimed in. "Exactly, Michael, Bianca has wasted so many years waiting for you. You can't just abandon her."

As she spoke, Harper gave Bianca a push towards Michael.

Bianca, not missing the opportunity, tried to wrap her arms around Michael's waist. "Michael, are you really going to leave me?"

Just as her hand touched Michael's shirt, Bianca was flung away.

She fell to the ground, looking bewildered. "Michael?"

Michael stood up, his face darkened. "Enough, Bianca. I've already repaid everything I owed you. I don't owe you anything anymore!"

Bianca was stunned, not knowing what to say to win Michael's heart back.

"Michael, I beg you, don't treat me like this. I really love you." Tears streamed down her face uncontrollably. This time, Bianca was truly panicked. She could feel that Michael had no patience left for her.

"You promised me you'd be good to me for a lifetime, that you'd protect me. Do those promises mean nothing now?" At this moment, Bianca felt as if a bucket of ice water had been poured over her.

She had thought that Michael came here for her.

When she was dropped by the Wilson Group, it was Michael who arranged for her to sign with EchoMedia Group, bringing her the best resources.

When Isabella kicked her family out, it was Michael who arranged a place for her to stay and even gave her a house.

She had always believed that Michael liked her.

Otherwise, who would do so much for someone they didn't like?

Now, he was telling her that he didn't owe her anything.

So, was he going to cut ties with her completely and never care about her again?

She could lose everything, but she couldn't lose him.

Michael was her spiritual pillar. Without him, it was no point of all her efforts over the years.

Facing Bianca's relentless entanglement, Michael responded with nothing but a cold stare, "Bianca, you know very well why I helped you. I never said I would marry you, nor did I ever mention liking you. You crossed the line!"

This time, not only did Bianca look ashen, but even the Indigo couple, who had been urging Michael to divorce Isabella, were completely stunned.

Michael's gaze swept over them. He had never been friendly to them, and now, with this incident, his face darkened even more.

"You know what you've done. I advise you not to use the photos to threaten Isabella, or I'll make sure you disappear from Evergreen City. Every bit of suffering she endured back then, you should repay tenfold in pain. From today on, don't let me see you again." Michael couldn't stand it for another minute.

He slammed the door and left.

He didn't know where to find Isabella, and he was afraid that finding her would only provoke her to ask for a divorce.

He could only go to a bar and order the most expensive and strongest drinks.

He drank one glass after another, trying to get himself drunk.

His mind kept replaying memories of Isabella's childhood, the year before she left, small and thin. What had she gone through in the Taylor Family?

Why hadn't he cared for her properly in the past three years, always using Bianca to provoke her?

He had arrogantly thought she married him for the Brown Family's interests and wealth.

He had deliberately neglected her every time she reached out to him.

He deeply regretted that he had done.

At this moment, after Michael left, the Indigo family sat on the ground, staring blankly at the floor.

"What do we do? Michael really won't help us this time. He even sees us as enemies. Why is he protecting that bitch Isabella? We don't even have a backer now," Harper moaned weakly, but no one around her responded"

Bianca was in a daze, thinking about Michael's parting words.

Indigo was spooked, well aware of the formidable reputation of the influential Wilson Family from the East Coast, and he knew he was playing with fire.

Harper was on the verge of madness. She ignored the scene of tearing and fighting with Indigo earlier, grabbed his sleeve, and shook it vigorously. "Indigo, are you deaf? I'm asking you a question. At this point, pretending to be mute won't help. Think of something!"

Indigo pushed her away, annoyed. "At this point, what can I do? We've reached this stage because of you. Bianca doesn't know how to win a man's heart, but you should. If she had gotten pregnant in the past three years, we wouldn't be in this situation. Now, Michael is bewitched by that bitch Isabella. What do we have to fight her with?"

"So what do we do? Just wait to die? Even if it's not the Wilson Family, Michael could end us with a single word."

Harper was about to sit on the ground and wail, but Indigo covered her mouth. "Shut up. Didn't you hear that bitch Isabella wants to ruin our family? Hurry up and pack your things and run. If the Wilsons come, we're really dead."

Harper turned pale with fear. They quickly got up to pack their valuables.

When they tried to sneak out after dark, they were terrified by the sight of two men in black standing outside the door.

Indigo covered Harper's mouth and quickly closed the door.

He sat on the couch, trembling uncontrollably. "It's over. The Wilsons really wants us dead. They've blocked the door."

Harper was too scared to cry, silently sobbing with her mouth covered.

Bianca's face was pale, her hands clenched tightly, her emotions on the verge of collapse.

She had been humiliated by Isabella at the Brown Group in the morning, warned by Michael, who had cut ties with her, and now the Wilson Family was targeting her family.

In one night, she had lost everything.

And it was all because of Isabella.

However, She couldn't just give up.

She thought to herself, 'Isabella is just a woman who has been kicked out of her home as a child. How could she suddenly appear after so many years and take everything that belonged to me? Everything I want, I have taken from Isabella since childhood. Michael would be no exception.'

She had loved Michael for over a decade, obsessed and secretly in love. If she couldn't have him, she wouldn't even want to live.

Suddenly, a flash of determination appeared in Bianca's eyes as she thought of a way to strike back at Isabella.

She quickly took out her phone and dialed a number, thinking, 'Michael, I'll make you see who truly loves you.'

When she exposed Isabella's true nature, Michael would realize what kind of person Isabella really was.

After hanging up, Bianca returned to her room.

Late at night, she sneaked out through the window.

###chapter 72 Both Drunk

At Starlit Tavern, Isabella walked straight into a private room reserved just for her, where her favorite liquor was already laid out on the table.

The Wilson Family made their fortune through gambling, and they have an indomitable spirit in their blood.

Isabella thought to herself, 'Isabella, you are the most beloved heiress of the Wilson Family, what kind of man can't you have? Daniel and your five uncles have been grooming you as the heiress since you were a child, not to see you heartbroken and tortured over Michael. He doesn't deserve your sorrow.'

Isabella swirled the red liquid in her glass, as if making a decision, and then downed the drink.

After tonight, she would no longer let herself be trapped in an impossible relationship, realizing it was time to move forward.

Three years of marriage,  which was finally coming to an end.

There was a knock on the door, and Isabella called out for them to enter. Her subordinate Jesse walked in.

Seeing her alone with a table full of liquor, clearly intending to get drunk, he felt both heartache and relief for Isabella.

After tomorrow, Isabella would finally be back.

If it weren't for that accident three years ago, Isabella wouldn't have had to use the marriage contract to force a wedding. She was born to explore a broader world.

"Jesse, what's up?"

"Ms. Taylor, do you want to inform Mr. Wilson about what happened today?"

Thinking of Daniel, who was still recuperating in the hospital, Isabella felt a sudden heaviness in her heart.

Daniel's greatest wish was for her and Michael to have a child, so he could hold her child in his lifetime. Unfortunately, she couldn't fulfill his wish.

Tomorrow, she would completely end things with Michael.

But Daniel couldn't accept such an outcome. His health couldn't take any more shocks.

Isabella took a deep breath. "Don't mention it for now. I'll explain it to him personally after some time."

Jesse nodded, said no more, and left, closing the door behind him, standing guard outside.

In the empty room, Isabella was accompanied by a table full of liquor.

Tonight, she just wanted to get drunk.

In her own establishment, she could drink as much as she wanted, and no one would question her.

Before her consciousness completely faded, Isabella made a call to Thomas. "Thomas, inform Michael to be at the court on time tomorrow. Also, return the $950 million he spent on the red diamond necklace he bought from the Wilson Family!"

If they were going to break up, it had to be clean.

The Wilson Family didn't need that money.

She would find a way to cover the financial gap at the Wilson Group and ensure the company faced no issues.

But as for Michael, she wouldn't give him any more opportunities.

She just hoped never to see him again in her lifetime.

Thomas had always had issues with Michael, and now hearing that Isabella wanted to completely sever ties with him, he felt both relieved and heartbroken.

Isabella, whom they cherished, was meant to live a free and unrestrained life, but she had unfortunately met Michael.

Now, this was for the best. Isabella wouldn't be hurt anymore after separated with him .

The Brown Villa.

At the Brown Villa, somehow, what Stella did to Isabella in the dining room reached Aiden's ears.

Aiden was furious, clutching his chest as he instructed the servant, "Go get Mrs. Brown, I have something to say!"

Aiden had seen everything Stella did to Isabella over the past three years. He had opinions but never voiced them because Isabella was magnanimous and didn't care.

But now, he had to intervene.

Michael was already clueless about relationships, and if Stella kept meddling, Michael and Isabella would be torn apart sooner or later.

He had personally promised Isabella to keep her identity a secret.

But now, he had to stand up for Isabella to put Stella in her place.

Stella had just heard about Isabella going to Indigo's place and was about to call Michael to scold Isabella.

She was stunned when Aiden suddenly called her over for a talk.

Seeing Sophia's serious expression, she felt even more panicked.

She had never been favored by Aiden in the family and rarely spoke to him. She didn't know why he suddenly called her over now, thinking it could be something bed.

Despite her thoughts, She wouldn't dare to disobey Aiden.

Standing before Aiden, Stella cautiously spoke, "You called for me?"

Aiden glanced at her, motioning for the servant to leave. Once they were alone, he coldly spoke, "Have you heard of the Wilson Family from the East of Valoria, the Gambling King Mr. Wilson?"

Stella was stunned and nodded. Before she could ask what was going on, Aiden continued, "Isabella is his only granddaughter."

With just one simple sentence, Stella was left in shock.

She was completely dumbfounded.

It took her a while to react. "Dad, you must be joking. How could Isabella be Mr. Wilson's granddaughter? If she were, wouldn't she be the only heiress of the Wilson Family?"

"What do you think?" Aiden gave her a cold look.

She had treated Isabella like a servant for three years, and now she was scared.

"Let me tell you, Isabella is the real heiress of a wealthy family, a thousand times better than Bianca. Their marriage contract was hard-earned by me. Michael's wife can only be Isabella. From now on, if anyone in this house mentions Bianca, don't blame me for getting angry.""

Stella was too shocked to say a word.

She returned to her room in a daze, filled with regret.

She had even offered a few houses to get Isabella to divorce Michael, fearing she would covet the Brown Family's wealth.

If she had known Isabella was from such a wealthy family, she would never have let Michael divorce her. Such a family background was something she couldn't even dream of.

As night fell, Michael was still at the bar, drinking one glass after another.

But strangely, despite all the alcohol, his mind remained excessively clear.

His memories were full of Isabella, as a child, as a married woman, but without exception she had never smiled at him.

She must resent him.

In three years of marriage, all she wanted was a child, but he had done everything to avoid her, even using hurtful words to insult her.

The current outcome was his own doing; he had hurt her too deeply.

So, she would never forgive him.

As the wine in his glass ran out again, the sadness in Michael's eyes was overwhelming.

His phone rang in his pocket, and he answered in a hoarse voice. It was Thomas.

###chapter 73 Are You and Him Getting a Divorce?

"Mr. Brown, I'm sorry to call at this hour. Isabella asked me to inform you that she has decided to officially divorce you. See you in court before 9 AM tomorrow. By the way, the $950 million you paid for the diamond necklace from the Wilson Family will be refunded to your account tomorrow. If Mr. Brown understands the rules, please do not disturb her life anymore." Thomas' tone was indifferent, but the threat was obvious.

Last time, Michael secretly fled the country, leaving Isabella alone in court. Thomas would remember that for a lifetime.

A man like Michael, who lacked responsibility, was not worthy of Isabella.

He would not allow such a thing to happen again.

After hearing this, Michael squinted his eyes, his voice cold and deep. "Thomas, you are clearly Isabella's uncle, yet you deliberately misled me about your true identity. What are you up to?"

Although he was questioning, he didn't give Thomas on the other end of the line any chance to speak. "Isabella and I have been married for three years. You didn't show up before, but now you are actively helping her with the divorce. As an elder, can't you bear to see us reconcile?"

No matter what, he would never divorce Isabella.

The thought of her completely cutting ties with him and turning to another man made him uncontrollably furious and mad.

She was his, and no one could take her away from him.

Thomas only sneered at Michael's unreasonable behavior. "Michael, how can you say such things? You know better than anyone what kind of life Isabella had in the Brown Family for the past three years. She has become like this all because of you. Reconcile? Stop dreaming. Ms. Wilson can have any man she wants. Without you, there are plenty of men lining up for her, each one better than you."

After saying this, Thomas hung up.

Isabella had already wasted three years on him and suffered three years of emotional pain. As her uncle, Thomas wished Michael would stay far away and never appear in front of Isabella again.

Thomas' words over the phone left Michael staring at his drink, suddenly losing the desire to continue drinking.

Meanwhile, the bar where Isabella was located had been targeted.

As soon as she entered the neighborhood where Indigo lived, she was already being watched.

They thought it was just like the last time when her parents were kicked out, but unexpectedly, they overheard a bombshell.

More than one media outlet was present, and to grab the headlines, they broke the news as soon as Isabella left the neighborhood.

The revelation that Isabella was the heiress of the Wilson Family instantly made headlines online.

In just a few minutes, the number of shares reached millions.

From initially stealing Bianca's boyfriend and kicking Indigo out of the house, to the revelation of her identity as a racing queen, Isabella had transformed into the enviable heiress of the Wilson Group.

With the Wilson Family's unparalleled background behind her and being the only recognized heiress of the Wilson Group, her net worth had long reached unimaginable figures.

Isabella's status made her and Michael a perfect match.

Especially after the news spread that Aiden personally gifted her shares, holding half of the Brown Group's assets, she now controlled the economic lifelines of two major families in the Southeast.

Such a status and background were far from being a country woman scheming to climb up by clinging to Michael.

Many people felt that Michael was the one who was out of his league with Isabella.

After all, with everything Isabella had, she still loved Michael for three years, even enduring his misunderstandings without leaving.

Theonly reason was Isabella had truly fallen in love, so that she would give up everything to stay by his side.

The online discussions were heated, and public opinion had drastically changed.

Isabella came out of the bar late at night, supported by Jesse.

Unexpectedly, as soon as she stepped outside, a crowd surrounded her, looking at her like she was a wealthy celebrity, full of envy.

Some even took out her photo, asking for her autograph.

Isabella was very drunk, seeing double, and couldn't understand a word of what was being said.

Jesse had the reporters cleared out and found a nearby five-star hotel for Isabella to stay in.

Lying on the soft bed, staring at the crystal chandelier that made her head ache.

Isabella curled up, enduring the burning sensation from the alcohol, constantly reminding herself that this was the last time she would get drunk over Michael.

Just as she was about to fall asleep, her phone suddenly rang, displaying a name she hadn't seen in a long time. It was Nolan.

The drunkenness in her head instantly dissipated. Isabella grabbed her phone and sat up, answering the call. "Nolan, is that you?"

However, Nolan was on the other side of the world. Why would he suddenly call after being silent for so long?

Nolan, one of her few friends, and Michael's second brother.

Nolan was handsome, capable, and always polite.

Originally, Aiden had favored him as the heir, but unfortunately, something happened.

When she first saw him, she almost mistook him for Michael, but later realized they were nothing alike.

Their personalities were worlds apart.

They got along well and had unique insights into the business world, eventually becoming friends.

Shortly after she married Michael, Nolan voluntarily went abroad.

In the past three years, they had hardly been in touch.

Hearing Isabella's surprise over the phone, Nolan chuckled warmly. "Of course it's me. Who else would it be?"

"Isabella, are you and Michael having a big fight?"

"How do you know that from abroad?" Isabella was extremely surprised.

The news of her divorce from Michael had only recently broken online. Had it spread abroad so quickly?

She knew Nolan's character; he wasn't one to follow such news.

Since going abroad, he hadn't cared about domestic affairs.

He would only call during holidays to greet Aiden.

"I found out by accident while talking to Grandpa." Nolan's deep voice paused. "I saw the news online. Are you really divorcing Michael?"

"Yes, first thing tomorrow morning!" Isabella didn't hide anything.

She had made up her mind about divorcing Michael from the moment she brought it up. It was only delayed because of Daniel's illness and Aiden's concerns.

###chapter 74 Nolan

Moreover, Nolan was her friend, so there was no need to hide this matter.

However, since Nolan was Michael's brother, there were some things she needed to say upfront.

"Nolan, you're not here to persuade me not to get a divorce, are you?" She had completely given up on Michael.

She thought Nolan would try to persuade her, but instead, he chuckled on the other end of the phone. "After so long without contact, you think I'm here to play peacemaker between you two?"

His questioning tone denied Isabella's assumption. "You said it yourself, we haven't been in touch for so long. Nolan, you suddenly call me now and bring up my divorce with Michael. Isn't it normal to think you're here to play peacemake?"

After all, Nolan was Michael's brother.

They were the ones with the closest blood relationship.

Isabella lay on the bed, staring at the crystal chandelier above, lost in thought. "Nolan, you know, I tried for three years, and in those three years, I couldn't make him love me. Now that I think about it, maybe I was wrong from the start. This marriage shouldn't have existed."

When they first got married, Bianca caused a lot of trouble, and Michael often left her alone at home to comfort Bianca.

He would take Bianca to watch fireworks and attend various high-end events.

Later, when Bianca returned to the country, Michael immediately went to accompany her and celebrate her birthday.

Even when she found them at night, heartbroken and asked for a divorce, it didn't soften his heart at all.

He still protected Bianca. When she revoked Bianca's endorsement, Michael had his subsidiary sign Bianca, giving her numerous resources and even letting Indigo's family move into his apartment.

Every step Michael took was hurting her heart to protect Bianca.

When disappointment accumulated to a certain extent, she completely lost hope in Michael.

Even though she had loved Michael for over a decade, she decided to let go.

She couldn't talk about these things with Thomas and the others, but she knew Nolan understood her feelings at this moment.

When she married into the Brown Family and Michael neglected her, it was Nolan who comforted her like a brother.

She didn't have a brother, and over time, she naturally regarded Nolan as one.

She was afraid that if Nolan spoke, she might waver.

After all, in her heart, Nolan's position was still very important.

"I understand everything."

"I understand everything," On the other end of the phone, Nolan sighed softly, "Calling you so suddenly, I just wanted to tell you, Isabella, do what you want to do. Whatever choice you make, I support you."

Isabella could hardly believe what she heard. "Nolan, you're really not going to persuade me? I thought you would side with Michael."

After all, their relationship was closer.

"No, I respect every choice you make because I just want you to be happy." Nolan's voice was very low and gentle, like a feather lightly brushing, warm and comforting.

At this moment, all the long-suppressed grievances in Isabella's heart were released by his words.

Her nose tingled, and tears uncontrollably streamed down her face as she choked up. "Nolan, thank you."

For so long, she had been holding on, not wanting others to see her vulnerable side, especially in front of Michael and Bianca.

"It's fine. When did our relationship become so formal? Isn't your birthday coming up? Is there anything you want?" Even when he was abroad, Nolan never forgot Isabella's birthday gift each year.

He was always generous in this regard.

But Isabella had already received the best gift, which was his understanding.

"No need for a gift. I'm just getting a year older. I only hope that I can become stronger in the future and support my grandfather's company. As for other things, there's nothing I want." If Nolan hadn't mentioned it, she would have forgotten about her birthday.

"Really?" Nolan said deliberately, "I thought my return to the country would make you happy. Since you don't want anything, then forget it."

Hearing that, Isabella's eyes lit up. Nolan had gone to Seraphis shortly after her marriage, and this was the first time he had actively returned to the country.

"Really? Nolan, when are you coming back? I'll pick you up. We haven't seen each other in so long."

After hanging up Isabella was genuinely happy.

Nolan's sudden return to the country, and just before her birthday.

By then, she would have divorced Michael, with free time and no one to control her.

She would definitely find time to catch up with Nolan.

Just as she put down her phone and cleared her mind, planning to take a bath, she heard someone knocking on the door.

"Who is it?"

No one answered.

Isabella frowned. Jesse had booked the best room in the hotel, so it was unlikely anyone would disturb her at this time.

She couldn't help but thought, 'And where is Jesse? Isn't he outside? Why doesn't he stop them?'

"Room service, please open the door!"

The voice outside was low, but it was faintly recognizable as a woman's. Isabella frowned and went to open the door. "Didn't I say I didn't want to be disturbed? You..."

Halfway through her sentence, Isabella was stunned by the beautiful face in front of her.

Standing in front of her was Olivia, wearing a sexy black mini dress, and a guilty-looking Jesse.

Olivia looked like she had just come back from a night out, with heavy makeup, a camisole, sequined stockings, and a mini dress, plus those high heels.

If it weren't for her mischievous smile, no one would recognize her as the famous star Olivia.

"Did I disturb you, Isabella?" Olivia flirtatiously reached out to lift Isabella's chin. "On such a cold night, how could I let you sleep alone? So I brought myself here."

After saying that, Olivia couldn't help but laughed.

Isabella slapped her hand away and pulled Olivia into the room. "Why are you here? No, how did you know I was here? And what's with this outfit? It's the middle of the night, aren't you cold?"

In the late autumn weather, Olivia was barely wearing anything. Just looking at her made Isabella feel cold.

Olivia put her arm around Isabella's shoulder and said as they walked, "You don't know? The news of your impending divorce with Michael is all over the internet. I thought you might need some company, so I came to find you."

Olivia said it lightly, but Isabella raised an eyebrow. "So, who told you where I am?"

She wanted to know so she could be more cautious in the future.

Olivia didn't intend to hide it from her and said directly, "You know him too, who is Mr. Wilson. Of course, he didn't say it outright, but I guessed it."

In Evergreen City, aside from Thomas, no one else knew where she was.

Moreover, Thomas was always meticulous. At this time, he must worry about her, so he leaked the information to Olivia.

###chapter 75 Queen of the Nightclub

"Isabella, you're finally about to be single again. Why do you keep staying alone at the hotel? How about..." Olivia gave Isabella's strap a playful tug and grinned mischievously. "Let's go out and have some fun. Consider it an early celebration."

Where they were headed was clear from Olivia's outfit.

But Isabella was too exhausted. She had drunk too much earlier and was barely holding it together to speak coherently. So she really didn't have the strength to go to the nightclub till dawn.

However, Olivia's eager gaze made it hard for Isabella to refuse directly.

She found a passable excuse. "It's too late, and I didn't bring a change of clothes. There's no way to do my makeup here. How about we go another day?"

She was so dizzy she just wanted to collapse into bed.

But she underestimated Olivia's determination. Hearing Isabella mention she had no clothes, Olivia raised an eyebrow and called out, "Bring it in."

As soon as she finished speaking, Jesse walked in with a small suitcase.

Isabella glanced at Jesse, wondering whose side he was on.

Jesse didn't dare look up, dropped off the suitcase, and quickly left.

Watching Olivia open the suitcase to reveal a full set of makeup and a sizzling hot mini dress, Isabella felt a headache coming on.

Olivia had solved all her problems and didn't seem likely to give her a chance to back out, as she had even brought the stuff with her.

After a quick face wash, Isabella was seated in front of the makeup mirror by Olivia.

Olivia expertly applied her makeup, using everything to make her look as seductive as possible. With a final touch of red lipstick, they headed straight to the most luxurious nightclub in Evergreen City.

At Lightning Speed, both women were stunning, drawing eyes as they walked in.

Colorful lights swirled overhead, and the heavy metal music pounded into their brains. Men and women in the dance floor moved freely to the rhythm.

A tall man in a shirt and slacks stood out among them, his graceful movements captivating everyone.

At the bar, Bianca, in a light pink spaghetti strap dress, stared intently at the tall man in the dance floor, and her eyes sparkled.

She had known Michael for so long, but she never knew he was so talented at dancing.

He danced so well that people were gathering around him.

She had come to the nightclub to vent after Michael's harsh words, but unexpectedly ran into him.

She had always maintained a pure image in front of Michael. If he found out she was at a nightclub, all her efforts to maintain that facade would be exposed.

As Bianca hesitated, two striking figures entered the nightclub.

Both were tall, with alluring figures, wearing skimpy spaghetti strap mini dresses, and their seductive makeup made hearts race.

Realizing the one in the back looked so familiar, Bianca took a closer look, and found it was Isabella.

She couldn't help but curse in her head, 'That bitch Isabella must have found out Michael is here and follow him to create a "chance" encounter. She has sworn to divorce Michael during the day, and now she is here to seduce him. No wonder Michael can't let her go. These are all her schemes and tricks. I won't let her have Michael.'

Isabella followed Olivia inside. As she re-entered the familiar environment and music, she felt strange.

She realized she hadn't been to a place like this in a long time.

Since marrying Michael, she had cut ties with her old self.

In three years of marriage, she hadn't even been to a bar, let alone a nightclub.

Olivia naturally swayed to the music beside her, whispering in Isabella's ear, "You used to be the hottest nightclub queen here. Dancing, playing cards, singing-you were the best at all of them. It's all Michael's fault for locking you up."

"Now you're finally going to be single again. Let's party hard tonight, and tomorrow you can divorce Michael. After that, we can come here every day without anyone stopping us." Olivia deliberately brought up the past.

She hadn't planned to go out, but Thomas had called her, telling her about Isabella's situation and mood.

She had immediately gotten up, put on makeup, and rushed over.

Since Isabella was determined to leave Michael, it was time for the old Isabella to return.

But Olivia didn't know that from the moment Isabella stepped into the nightclub, a huge change had occurred in her heart.

The alcohol in her system was the perfect catalyst. Tonight, she decided to play hard, to make up for everything she had missed.

She raised an eyebrow at Olivia and gestured towards the bar. "Just dancing is boring. How about a drink first?"

Seeing the light return to Isabella's eyes, Olivia was thrilled and dragged her to a booth.

She generously handed over the drink menu. "Order whatever you want. It's on me tonight."

Isabella smiled and took the menu without hesitation.

She ordered the most expensive and strongest drinks in the house.

Olivia preferred cocktails and didn't like strong liquor, so she ordered a Mojito.

The waiter took the order back to the bar, where Bianca accidentally bumped into him and helped pick up the fallen menu.

When Bianca saw the drinks that had been selected, a flash of triumph crossed her eyes.

She thought, 'Isabella, aren't you the Wilson Family's heiress? This time, I'll make sure you lose all your dignity in front of everyone.'

Soon, the drinks Isabella ordered arrived. Olivia sipped her cocktail, her eyes occasionally glancing at the dance floor.

Isabella took a sip of her drink, the vodka's strong flavor hitting her hard.

It was intense, more so than anything she had drunk at a bar.

Isabella stopped after half a glass, not wanting to get too drunk. When she felt just right, she pulled Olivia into the dance floor.

The atmosphere reached its peak, the lights above flashing faster. Isabella relaxed and moved to the music.

She looked like a glowing red sprite, too sexy to look at directly, as if she belonged there.

Many people stopped to watch her in awe, some recognizing the familiar figure.

"Am I seeing things? Isn't she the once-famous nightclub queen?"

"It's really her. I thought she'd never come back."

"Yeah. She's really back."

The crowd's eyes lit up, shouting at her, "Queen! One more song!"

Suddenly, the lights went out.

Suddenly, the lights went out, and a passionate voice from the stage announced, "Ladies and gentlemen, next up is Lightning Speed's traditional event, the Mystery Three Minutes. Do what you want, seize the moment. The opportunity is in your hands."

###chapter 76 She Mistook Him for Nolan

Isabella was dancing with abandon when the sudden blackout dampened her spirits.

After all that dancing, the alcohol in her system began to take effect.

Feeling dizzy, she quickly tried to leave the dance floor, relying on her memory.

She had barely taken a few steps when a strong hand suddenly grabbed her. Isabella, feeling extremely dizzy, tried to resist but was held even tighter.

Soon, she was dragged to a quiet corner.

Her back pressed against a cold wall, and in front of her was the heavy breathing of a stranger. This state made Isabella frown in discomfort.

The coldness sobered her up a bit, but the man's actions became increasingly bold.

He was a head taller than her, pinning her against the wall with his large frame, his hands roaming freely, even reaching below her waist.

"Get off!" Isabella became alert, and she tried to stop his hand, but the alcohol in her system was too strong.

Her voice, instead of being threatening, sounded seductive.

"Do you know who I am? If you touch me again, I'll make sure you... Ah!" Before Isabella could finish her threat, she was lifted off the ground, her legs forced to wrap around the man's lean waist.

The man's heavy breathing amplified in her ear.

She had no idea how much her "threatening" tone sounded like a plea, making her seem soft and delicate. If she had stayed where she was, who knew how many people would have targeted her.

The hand around her waist tightened, and Isabella felt like she was about to suffocate.

The man grunted, holding her buttocks as he walked, seemingly trying to take her away from there.

Isabella, though dizzy, realized she was in trouble.

She struggled with her hands and twisted her body, trying to break free.

"Let go of me." Her vision was still pitch black, and Isabella felt a sudden panic, thinking she really going to be carried away by this man.

Isabella struggled harder, but it only made the man's grip tighten.

Suddenly, there was a sharp slap. Her buttocks were slapped crisply.

The man's deep, hoarse voice came through. "Isabella, if you keep moving, believe it or not, I'll have sex with you right here."

Isabella shuddered.

Olivia's makeup was so good that even she barely recognized herself. How did this man recognize her?

The pain in her buttocks made her hold on for a few seconds. She needed to see who this person was.

In her daze, she heard the door beep open.

In the faint light from outside, Isabella saw the man's sharp brow. She couldn't see much further down.

Those eyes, filled with malice, looked so much like Michael's.

She was at a nightclub, where Michael would never be interested. So she thought she must have been mistaken.

She blinked hard, trying to see the man more clearly, but he moved too quickly. Entering and locking the door took only a moment, so the last bit of light disappeared.

The strong aftereffects of the alcohol made Isabella feel like the world was spinning when she was thrown onto the bed.

Her body was burning up; she felt so hot and thirsty.

"I need water." Her pleading tone filled the man's breath, and Isabella, seemingly unaware of the approaching danger, helplessly twisted her graceful body against him.

Michael felt like he was on fire, his desire to have sex with her completely overwhelming his rationality.

He had only left her for a while, and she dared to wear such revealing clothes, dance in a nightclub, and drink.

He just wanted to teach her a lesson, to remind her that she was a married woman.

In fact, when Isabella leaned in and said she was hot, he had already reacted.

The large floor-to-ceiling window let in a bit of starlight. Michael tore open his collar, supporting her with his palm, his body pressing down.

He had waited for this moment for a long time.

His large hand covered the thin strap on her shoulder. With a little force, there would be nothing left to cover her.

Isabella was so drunk she had no idea where she was.

Like in a dream, she murmured, "Nolan, you're finally coming back. I miss you so much..."

Her voice was like honey, and just from her tone, one could tell how happy she was.

But to Michael's ears, it was like a knife stabbing into his heart.

Michael's face turned ashen, his hands clenched tightly in front of her, suppressing his overwhelming anger, and he got up from her.

Isabella had mistaken him for Nolan. Standing by the bed, Michael trembled with rage.

Isabella was his wife, and in her drunken stupor, she called out Nolan.

More than anyone, he wanted to know why. Was Nolan the one in her heart?

The anger burned so fiercely that Michael could barely control himself. He picked up Isabella from the bed and strode into the bathroom.

When the cold water spread over her body, Isabella shivered, regaining a bit of clarity.

She saw the white bathtub and the indistinct shadow by the door.

Isabella shook her head, and when she looked again, she clearly saw Michael's face, dark and icy.

So, she hadn't been mistaken earlier.

The water in the tub was cold, but Isabella's body was burning. She even wondered if she was sick, why her body reacted so strongly after drinking a bit of alcohol.

The alternating cold and heat made her shiver all over.

Michael turned to her, his face dark as he stared at her. "Are you sober now?"

Before Isabella could speak, he coldly warned, "If you still can't recognize me, don't think about coming out. Stay in there until you're completely sober!"

He wanted to see if she could still mistake him for Nolan.

He wanted her to know who her husband was.

"Michael, are you a pervert?" Isabella gritted her teeth, carefully feeling the smooth edge of the bathtub, and turned off the running water.

Under Michael's icy gaze, she slowly stood up, dripping water as she stepped out.

"You're really crazy. Didn't Thomas tell you we're getting divorced tomorrow? What do you mean by bringing me here now?" Isabella's lips were pale, but her demeanor didn't weaken a bit. "What? Are you going to have a breakup sex with me now?"

Isabella's words were sharp and unyielding.

After leaving the cold water, she realized something was wrong with her body; she was still so hot.

It was a heat that seemed to come from her blood, making her uncontrollably want to find something cold to relieve her discomfort.

###chapter 77 Drugging

She suppressed the discomfort in her body and was about to leave when a chill brushed across her face.

Her body reacted faster than her brain, and Isabella shuddered.

She looked up and met Michael's cold eyes and his hand gripping her chin. "Look closely, who is standing in front of you?"

"I can see clearly, Michael. Stop blocking my way. Move, I need to go back." Realizing her body felt very wrong, she had to leave here now.

She tried to shake off Michael's hand but found herself pathetically weak, barely able to grasp his clothes with all her strength.

Her feverish body craved the coolness that Michael brought more than she did.

Michael seemed to see through her thoughts, his eyes darkening as his large hand slid from her chin, roaming freely over her exposed body.

Watching Isabella's face turn crimson, biting her lip and gasping uncontrollably, Michael's mind filled with wicked thoughts.

He wanted to make her unable to leave him, to beg him.

Isabella was now emotionally stirred in his hands. How could he not react?

"Isabella, are you okay?" Michael's deep, magnetic voice echoed seductively in the empty bathroom.

It completely shattered the last thread of reason in Isabella's mind.

She looked up at him in disbelief, her unclear eyes meeting Michael's lips curling into a domineering smile. "Beg me, and I'll give you everything!"

The heat in her body was about to consume her.

Michael in front of her was like a block of ice and an antidote prepared just for her.

All she had to do was beg him, and she would be free.

Her body's heat magnified her sensations, and her desire grew layer by layer within her. She clenched her fists tightly, tears welling up.

She was about to lose control, but she didn't want to be humiliated by him like this.

"Michael, you... get lost!" Isabella dug her nails into her palm, the pain bringing back a sliver of reason. "I would rather die than beg you. Don't think you can threaten me now."

She growled through gritted teeth, but inside, she was in turmoil.

Her body's reaction was too abnormal, the desire coming fiercely and without reason. So she realized she had been drugged.

Isabella just wanted to escape now. She took a step forward, but her legs gave way, and she fell into a broad embrace. The cool touch made her lose all reason. "Let, let go..."

Seeing Isabella, who was clearly struggling but still trying to push him away, Michael's eyes darkened. He scooped her up and threw her onto the large bed outside.

Not giving her any chance to escape, Michael pressed down on her.

Isabella was on the verge of collapse.

She wanted to push Michael away, but her body honestly clung to him.

The sensation from his touch made her crave more, but she couldn't bring herself to beg Michael.

At this moment, Michael was also struggling.

Isabella beneath him was clutching his clothes, crying and fussing, then pressing her face against his chest before pushing him away again.

She kept muttering for him to leave.

But the tears in her eyes betrayed her; she wanted him to stay.

Thinking of her sweetly calling out Nolan's name, Michael's face darkened.

He suppressed his impulses and desires, holding her mischievous hands in front of him, gripping her chin to make her look at him.

"Isabella, look at me. Who am I?" His eyes showed anticipation.

"You're Michael." Isabella bit her lip, her eyes half-closed, her body seemingly melting into a puddle, with only her reason struggling at the edge.

"Good girl!" Michael's deep voice coaxed her, his large hand roaming over her body, giving her what she wanted.

Isabella moaned softly in comfort.

"Isabella, call me."

"Michael."

"Keep going!" Michael couldn't hold back any longer and kissed her deeply, trailing down her body, leaving his mark.

His large hand cupped her breast, squeezing it, and he was rewarded with a soft moan from Isabella, like a kitten, so enticing.

His fingers brushed through her damp hair, and Michael gently caressed her face. "Don't worry, I'll give it to you now."

When the pain came from below, Isabella frowned and instinctively pushed Michael away. "It hurts."

But it wasn't just her who was in pain; Michael was also in a difficult position.

"Good girl, bear with it for a while. It'll be better soon." He suppressed his urge to take her wildly, his palm gently massaging her waist.

He kissed her lips, grinding them gently.

Isabella shook her head, but as Michael's tongue invaded, she unconsciously opened her lips, and his tongue entwined tightly with hers.

His kiss was so deep that even the air was filled with the sound of their intimacy.

Isabella's body gradually changed, her voice becoming soft and weak.

Michael no longer held back, his eyes filled with extreme madness. His large hand gripped her waist, pulling her towards him, completely possessing her.

Strong sunlight streamed in through the floor-to-ceiling windows, and the room was a mess.

At this moment, Isabella was nestled in Michael's arms, sleeping soundly. Michael woke up, glanced at Isabella in his arms, and tightened his hold on her, continuing to sleep.

Isabella was awakened by the light in her eyes, the soreness in her body reaching her consciousness first, making her hiss in pain.

She slowly opened her eyes and met a pair of devilish eyes that instantly sobered her up.

Seeing the person in front of her and the environment she was in, Isabella sat up in shock.

When she saw the kiss marks all over her body and the obvious finger marks on her inner thighs, she was stunned.

Michael was such a bastard. How hard did he go on her last night to leave so many marks on her body? Even her arms and ankles weren't spared.

She couldn't imagine how she had endured the long night under him.

"Michael, you jerk! Knowing we're getting divorced today, how could you do this to me?" Isabella grabbed the pillow beside her and threw it at Michael.

Michael blocked it with his hand, the light pillow not causing him any real harm.

After last night, he was in an excellent mood. "You were the one holding onto me, not letting me go. And, don't you remember your condition last night? If I let you go, who were you planning to find?"

She had some memory of last night, but looking at the satisfied Michael in front of her, she was furious. "It's none of your business, as long as it's not you. Don't forget we're getting divorced today!"

Her body felt like it had been run over by a car. How much did Michael want to get back at her to make her body this sore on purpose?

###chapter 78 Divorce

"Say that again!" Hearing that she was going to find someone else to help her, Michael's anger flared up instantly.

He still vividly remembered her delighted expression when she drunkenly called out Nolan's name last night.

It was precisely because of this that he used this method to make her realize that it was he who kissed her, and it was he who had sex with her.

What happened last night should have been fulfilled on their wedding night three years ago. Now it was just making up for lost time.

But what he didn't expect was that when Isabella woke up, her eyes were filled with anger and resentment, clearly showing regret for sleeping with him last night.

Michael couldn't deny that he felt hurt.

Isabella, still furious, said, "It would be the same if I said it again. If it wasn't you last night, it would have been someone else. We're no longer married. What right do you have to control me?"

"Fine, Isabella, you better not regret this." Michael's face darkened as he got out of bed, putting on the shirt and pants he had thrown under the bed last night. "I'll be waiting for you at the courthouse. You better come early and not waste my time."

If he hadn't understood Isabella's feelings before, last night's events made it clear.

No matter how much he tried to make amends, Isabella would never come back to him.

Since she loved someone else, he would let her go.

He agreed to the divorce, letting her go to Nolan, whom she kept in her heart.

Michael put on his clothes and slammed the door without looking back.

Isabella, still naked, watched Michael leave with gritted teeth.

Michael, after making love to her, just left like that, and he claimed he wasn't a jerk?

Thinking about how she inexplicably lost her virginity last night made Isabella furious. She grabbed an ornament from the bedside and threw it at the door. "Michael, you pervert, bastard."

While he had already walked away, and no one responded to her.

At this moment, Isabella, wrapped in a blanket, was covered in bruises, her eyes red, her lips swollen, and her body marked with purple and blue bruises, as if  she had been severely "abused."

When had she ever suffered such a loss? It was all Michael's fault that she ended up like this.

If she ever got the chance, she would make him pay back double.

She would make him understand what it felt like to have legs so sore that he couldn't stand.

Just taking a small step made Isabella bite her lips in pain, her waist feeling like it was about to break.

She swore she would never let Michael off the hook.

But there wasn't much time left before she had to go to the courthouse, so she could only take a hot bath in the bathroom.

As she lay in the water relaxing, Isabella couldn't help but think about the series of events that happened last night.

If she hadn't entered that bar, she wouldn't have run into Michael, and there wouldn't have been any subsequent events.

Everything was normal last night, so why did she suddenly feel hot, with symptoms that seemed like she had been drugged?

The only person she had contact with was Michael, but Michael's arrogance wouldn't allow him to use such underhanded methods on a woman.

Besides, if he had any such intentions towards her, they wouldn't have gone three years without having sex. So it couldn't be Michael

Who would dare to drug her in a nightclub, and with an aphrodisiac at that? After all, her identity was well-known in Evergreen City, and going against her was like going against the Wilson Family.

The more Isabella thought about it, the more suspicious it seemed. She picked up her phone from the bedside and made a call. "I was set up at Lightning Speed last night. Use all means to find out who did it."

The person on the other end was someone she had trained herself, absolutely reliable.

It wasn't that she didn't trust Thomas, but she was afraid that if he found out she had slept with Michael last night, he could kill him.

If things got out of hand, she wouldn't be able to hide it from Daniel and Aiden.

Daniel was still in the hospital, and she couldn't just ignore everything.

Besides, she was officially divorcing Michael today, and a smooth divorce would give her peace of mind.

At 9:30 AM, Isabella arrived at the courthouse. She was almost familiar with this place.

As soon as she stepped in, she saw Michael already sitting in the waiting area.

Michael had changed into a custom-made iron-gray suit, looking refreshed, occasionally glancing at his watch, clearly having arrived earlier than her.

Seeing him made Isabella angry. He seemed relaxed, while she was in pain even walking.

She slowly walked up to him, and as soon as she stood still, she heard him coldly say, "You're half an hour late."

Hearing that, Isabella took a deep breath.

Didn't he know why she was late? Just as her suppressed anger was about to explode, Michael frowned and said, "Alright, now that you're here, let's start the process. I don't have much time."

Isabella was stunned. Michael was actually urging her to go through the divorce process? She thought she heard wrong.

Isabella looked up in surprise, but Michael turned and walked inside, afraid that if he looked at her any longer, he wouldn't be able to let go.

But just thinking about her dependence on Nolan made him furious.

His hands clenched tightly at his sides, and he finally steeled himself.

Since he had promised to let her go, he couldn't go back on his word.

Throughout the entire process, Michael was very cooperative. From filling out forms to signing, it was done quickly.

The troublesome matter that had dragged on for over a month was finally resolved.

After everything was done, Michael got up and left without looking back.

Isabella sat in the chair, feeling like all her strength had been drained, a nameless bitterness welling up in her heart.

It felt like everything had returned to the beginning.

Back then, she had used the marriage contract to force Michael to marry her, but he was unwilling. She had used some tricks and spent three months to make him agree.

But now, it was all over; she and Michael had no more ties, everything between them completely finished.

Isabella sat for a while, composed herself, and left to catch a cab to the hospital.

Her body was really in pain. And after last night's sex, although she saw condoms in the trash, she wasn't sure if Michael had used protection every time.

After all, in her not-so-clear memory, she had been begging for mercy from Michael, but he still barely let her go until almost dawn.

Since they were divorced, she couldn't take that risk.

At the hospital, Isabella went in for a full check-up, and the results were as she expected.

Her lower body was severely swollen, with signs of tearing.

After asking for her opinion, the doctor prescribed anti-inflammatory medication and emergency contraception.

Isabella took the medication and was about to leave when she bumped into someone at the door.

"Sorry!" She apologized with her head down and was about to leave when a familiar voice came from above. "Isabella, what are you doing here?"

###chapter 79 Isabella Doesn't Like Him

Seeing Isabella standing right in front of him, Ethan couldn't believe his eyes. He was both shocked and thrilled.

Isabella, on the other hand, was taken aback. She squinted at him for a moment before realizing it was Ethan, Michael's buddy.

She always knew Ethan was terrible at keeping secrets. If he blabbed about her visit to the gynecology department, who knew what kind of rumors would start flying?

Before Isabella could come up with an excuse to leave, Michael suddenly showed up right in front of her.

'Didn't he go back to the office? What's he doing here?' Isabella wondered.

Instinctively, she hid the diagnosis paper behind her back, not wanting Michael to see it.

Ethan, clueless about what had just gone down, looked at Michael and said, "Michael, why didn't you tell me Isabella was here for a check-up? And in the OB-GYN. Does that mean you two have already..."

Ethan stopped himself just in time, his eyes darting between the two of them.

Isabella shot Ethan a glare. "No! We're divorced. We're strangers now, so watch what you say."

From now on, she and Michael were done. No more contact.

But instead of backing off, Ethan got even more excited. "Even if you're divorced, you're still Isabella, the heiress of the Wilson Group. We're all friends here, and this hospital is owned by my family. If you're not feeling well, I can get you the best doctor."

After that, he was about to get a doctor for her. Isabella quickly stopped him, startled.

She forced a smile. "Really, there's no need. I'm just here to get some medicine. It's not serious, but thanks for your kindness."

Even though she and Michael had split, she still treated his friends the same way she used to. She wasn't about to take out her anger on them. That was her bottom line.

Ethan persisted. "It's okay. My dad is just upstairs; it won't take long."

Isabella shook her head helplessly. "I'm already leaving; it's nothing serious."

She gestured to the medicine box in her hand, which clearly had "emergency contraception" printed on the top left corner.

Michael saw it and his face darkened instantly.

Last night, when they had been intimate, she had softly called his name, and he had felt a glimmer of hope. Maybe she didn't completely hate him; maybe she was just too hurt to care anymore.

But now, he was certain that Isabella didn't like him at all. She was even repulsed by his touch, which was why she had rushed to the hospital for emergency contraception right after their divorce.

Ethan finally stopped trying to find her a doctor and nodded, telling Isabella to take care of herself.

At that moment, Michael stepped forward and blocked her path, his voice low. "Isabella, we're divorced. So, don't come to me with your problems anymore."

Isabella looked at him speechlessly, her mouth twitching. 'Is there something wrong with him? We're divorced; why would I tell him about my problems? Does he think I have nothing better to do?'

Fortunately, they were no longer connected.

She couldn't be bothered to argue with him anymore. "Don't worry, my problems have nothing to do with you anymore. You'll never hear about them."

With that, she clenched the medicine in her hand and walked away quickly.

Outside the hospital, Jesse was already waiting, ready to pick her up as soon as she appeared.

Jesse was tall and stood out in the crowd, so Isabella spotted him immediately as she walked out.

As she made her way towards Jesse, someone called out from behind.

"Isabella, can I talk to you for a minute?" Ethan had run over, still catching his breath.

Isabella turned around, puzzled. "What do you need?"

She barely knew Ethan. He was just Michael's longtime friend, and they never included her in their gatherings.

Ethan finally caught his breath. "You know how Michael is. He's got this weird temper, always keeping things to himself and saying hurtful stuff when he does talk. So, I came to explain on his behalf."

He spoke quickly, as if afraid Isabella would walk away any second.

Isabella was a bit surprised, but when she heard he was there to explain for Michael, her eyes filled with faint sarcasm.

"Ethan, you must have heard earlier that Michael and I are divorced. Given the circumstances, do you think there's any need to explain anything for him?" She didn't give Ethan a chance to respond. She waved him off and quickly walked up to Jesse, linking arms with him.

Jesse gave Ethan a wary glance before protectively escorting Isabella to the car.

Ethan watched their close behavior, coupled with Jesse's earlier warning look, and sighed deeply.

Isabella was now the heiress of the Wilson Group. With her status, how could she lack male attention?

But thinking of Michael's hurt expression earlier, he couldn't help but feel a bit regretful. Were these two really going to part ways just like that?

Meanwhile, Isabella was sitting in the back seat of the Rolls-Royce, resting with her eyes closed.

Jesse could see her fatigue through the rearview mirror, his eyes filled with concern as he quickly started the car and drove away from the hospital.

On the way, he asked softly, "Ms. Taylor, your birthday is in a few days. Now that your identity is public, Mr. Wilson wants to throw a big party. What do you think?"

Jesse had been chosen by Daniel to protect Isabella since childhood. He understood her inner fragility and sadness at this moment. Even though he felt for her, he couldn't ask those questions now.

He could only change the subject and talk about her birthday party.

"Whose idea was it?" Isabella still had her eyes closed, looking very tired.

For the past three years, she had been with the Brown Family, unable to show her identity. On her birthday, she could only video call Daniel and receive gifts from her uncles.

This birthday coincided with her identity being revealed. Daniel, feeling sorry for her, wanted to throw a big party to make up for the past three years, which was understandable.

If it were up to her, she would just celebrate quietly in Daniel's ward room. She didn't want her birthday to be too noisy.

But now, Daniel's health was entirely dependent on medication, and she couldn't bear to refuse him.

Daniel probably couldn't handle organizing the birthday party himself, so if he suggested it, someone else must have taken over the task.

"It was Mr. Atticus Wilson!" Jesse responded, looking at the rearview mirror. Isabella nodded, feeling relieved. "Since Atticus is coming back, let him handle everything. I have no special requests."

Three years ago, she had come to Michael with a passionate heart, believing that her fiery enthusiasm would eventually move him.

Three years later, she not only failed to win Michael's heart but also ended up hurting herself.

Her heart, after years of cold indifference, had become numb.

Now, she only wished for her family's safety and Daniel's health, nothing more.

###chapter 80 Atticus Returns Home

Meanwhile, at the Wilson Villa, it was unusually lively, a stark contrast to its usual somber atmosphere.

Upon learning that Isabella had been bullied and secretly divorced, Atticus Wilson rushed back from abroad immediately.

His original intention for returning was to throw a grand birthday party for Isabella.

But as soon as he arrived home, he heard about Isabella being bullied.

He immediately contacted his brothers around the world, instructing them to return home without delay.

When Isabella entered the hall, Atticus was on a video call with her other uncles, discussing how to deal with Michael.

Jesse, hearing Michael's name, quickly called out, "Mr. Wilson."

Atticus turned around to see Isabella standing behind him, a look of embarrassment flashing across his usually stern face. He hurriedly ended the call.

After all, the entire Wilson Family knew about Isabella's feelings for Michael.

They were afraid she might soften and stop them from taking action against him.

But this time, Isabella simply said, "Atticus, you want to punish Michael, don't you?"

She had heard their conversation since she came in early and Atticus had his back to her.

Caught red-handed, Atticus had nothing to hide. If Isabella felt sorry for Michael, they could always find another way. But they were not going to let Michael off the hook.

"Isabella, to be honest, I do have that idea." Atticus had a mysterious passion for military affairs from a young age, from serving as a special forces soldier to becoming the second-in-command in the East, even a single look from him usually put his subordinates on high alert.

But even someone as imposing as Atticus felt a twinge of panic under Isabella's questioning.

He truly felt for her; Isabella had endured so much for Michael during the three years, but Michael had only become more outrageous.

He really wanted to teach Michael a lesson.

He had thought about it before, but in the end, it all ended up going nowhere because of Isabella's obstruction.

Unexpectedly, this time, Isabella's pale lips curled up, and she said firmly, "Do whatever you have in mind. This is the outcome I want too."

Michael had hurt her so deeply last night that she needed to vent her anger.

Since Atticus and the others had the same idea, she would leave it all to them.

Atticus was stunned and didn't immediately grasp the meaning of Isabella's words.

Isabella was planning to visit Daniel in the hospital when her phone suddenly beeped with a new message.

It was from someone she had arranged. Opening the message, she saw a photo.

At the bar, Bianca, in a pink dress, was quietly slipping a pill into a drink, whose eyes were filled with smugness and disdain.

Isabella instantly understood. Last night, she had been drugged at Lightning Speed and then taken to a hotel by Michael. It was all Bianca's doing.

No wonder she couldn't figure out who wanted to harm her.

Isabella's grip on her phone tightened, and a sharp glint flashed in her eyes.

Isabella replied directly: [Bring her to our place. I'll be there soon.]

After sending the message, she thought, 'Bianca, you love using these dirty tricks, don't you? Tonight, I'll make you taste your own medicine.'

But to Isabella's surprise, less than half an hour after sending the message, she received a reply: [Bianca is missing.]

Reading this, Isabella narrowed her eyes.

This was Evergreen City, and the Wilsons couldn't just let Bianca disappear right under their noses.

Moreover, Bianca was just a minor celebrity; she couldn't vanish without a trace in a day.

Bianca couldn't have fled alone unless someone was protecting her.

The only person who could rival the Wilson Family and Isabella was Michael.

Indeed, with his status and power in Evergreen City, protecting Bianca would be a piece of cake.

If he could find Bianca, it meant he had already learned about what Bianca had done. Even so, he still wanted to protect Bianca?

Thinking of this, Isabella felt a sharp pain in her heart.

She never thought she would still be compared to Bianca after her divorce.

But in this situation, she could clearly see how heartless Michael was towards her.

Isabella didn't hesitate and called the person from the earlier message.

"Ms. Taylor, please give your orders!" The voice on the other end was extremely respectful and familiar.

Isabella composed herself and instructed, "Get Bianca back and tell him that he can't protect her!"

Daring to bully her like this, did Michael think the Wilsons were easy to mess with?

Drugging Isabella in a nightclub to make her lose face in front of everyone, Bianca's malicious intent was obvious.

Bianca wanted to humiliate her publicly, to show her at her worst online, to achieve her goal.

If Isabella didn't personally take revenge, she wouldn't let it go.

Isabella hadn't expected that within half a day, she would be dealing with Michael again, because of Bianca.

Finding Michael's number on her phone, Isabella didn't hesitate and called him directly.

Meanwhile, in an empty warehouse.

Michael, tall and imposing, wore a dark overcoat over a finely tailored three-piece suit, his luxurious attire accentuating his superior physique.

His entire demeanor exuded nobility, showcasing his status and authority.

Michael's eyes were cold and focused on a specific spot.

There were no buildings around, and the inside was empty except for the four iron walls.

The phone rang, its sound echoing clearly.

Seeing Isabella's name on the screen, Michael's sharp eyebrows raised slightly.

He thought, 'Hasn't she promised not to bring her matters to my attention again? How long has it been, and she is already reaching out to me?'

His long, strong fingers gripped the phone, and after several seconds of ringing, Michael finally couldn't resist and answered the call.

###chapter 81 People Disappeared in Evergreen City

After answering the call, Michael didn't rush to speak.

Mainly because he didn't know what to say to Isabella. Reaching this point, he admitted he was impulsive and angry with her.

But her affair with Nolan had indeed provoked him.

Michael had things on his mind, but Isabella was already shouting in anger, "Michael, do you think staying silent will cover everything up? Let me ask you, did you take Bianca?"

She was certain that Bianca was with Michael.

Hearing her revert to her usual tone, Michael felt somewhat relieved. He glanced at the metal door and chuckled softly into the phone. "Ms. Wilson, if I remember correctly, we were just in court four hours ago, and  Bianca is your sister. Isn't it absurd to ask me for Bianca?"

Isabella knew Michael's tactics all too well.

She didn't want to waste words with him. "Michael, cut the crap. I must have Bianca. My people have searched all over Evergreen City and found no trace of her. Who else but you could hide her so well?"

She knew better than anyone how powerful Michael was.

The Wilson Group almost failed in its expansion into the southern part of Valoria because of him. If he really wanted to go against the Wilson Group, she wouldn't be able to do anything about it for a while.

But what they were arguing about now wasn't business; it was personal.

She could compromise on other things, but she would never let Bianca go.

Michael neither explained nor admitted. "It seems you have a high opinion of my abilities, but where's your evidence? If you're just going to accuse me based on speculation, I will let the Brown Group's legal team communicate with you."

His words left Isabella speechless. Her anger burned even hotter inside her, and she thought Michael was just being evasive.

Bianca was clearly taken by him, yet he still wouldn't admit it.

"Are you sure Bianca isn't with you?" Isabella questioned him, trying to trick him into revealing the truth.

"Ms. Taylor, are you inquiring about my private life? Do I need to report to you who I'm with?" Michael sneered. "Or do you still think you're Mrs. Brown? We just went through the divorce process. From now on, we're complete strangers. Didn't you say that?"

After saying that, Michael hung up.

Isabella was so angry she almost jumped, realizing his few words could still easily infuriate her.

If she could, she would run to him and bite him hard to vent her anger. But they were already divorced.

However, she couldn't stand it. It was impossible to get the truth from Michael's mouth. The only way was to find him and follow him to Bianca's hiding place.

She had to find Bianca, and not even Michael could stop her.

What Isabella didn't know was that Michael, who had just hung up, stared at his phone for a while before putting away his reluctant expression.

Then he reverted to his usual cold demeanor and walked towards the metal door.

Inside, Bianca was tied to the only chair.

Four men in black stood at each corner, watching her every move.

In such a terrifying scene, Bianca showed no fear. Instead, she shouted loudly in the room, using Michael's name.

She said Michael would kill them all, if they dare to hurt her.

Indeed, this was her true nature.

Michael's narrow eyes squinted slightly, his deep eyes hiding unfathomable emotions.

No one knew what he was thinking at that moment and what he was about to do.

The men in the room, trained by Michael, remained unresponsive no matter how much Bianca shouted.

The sound of high-quality black leather shoes echoed in the room as Michael's tall figure blocked most of the light. Each step he took felt like a demon treading on their hearts.

"Michael." Bianca's voice was already hoarse from shouting. Seeing Michael now, she was so scared she couldn't even speak properly.

She had been dragged into an alley and kidnapped just after leaving the mall, thinking it was Isabella's revenge.

So, she had deliberately mentioned Michael's name to scare them and intimidate Isabella.

After all, Isabella cared most about Michael's opinion. With him around, Isabella wouldn't dare do anything to her.

But why was Michael here? Could it be that the people who kidnapped her in the alley weren't Isabella's but Michael's?

Thinking of that, shock and fear gripped her heart, and Bianca couldn't stop trembling.

Her eyes were red, as if she had been wronged.

Before Bianca could speak again, Michael sneered. "What? Don't you recognize me?"

Though familiar, Michael's cold voice sent chills down her spine.

"Michael. Why did you kidnap me?" Bianca said, tears streaming down her face in grievance.

How could he be so heartless? She had loved him for over a decade, yet he kidnapped her for Isabella.

Michael had always been indifferent to her tears. He had only felt he owed her a favor back then, which he had repaid. He hadn't expected she was so greed.

"I made it clear that I would repay your family double for what you did to Isabella. And you keep testing my limits." Michael's eyes swept over her. "So, let's start with you."

Bianca shuddered, feeling the warmth drain from her body.

She hadn't forgotten what Michael said in that apartment, but she thought he was just saying it to appease Isabella and wouldn't really kick them out.

She thought those were just words to deal with Isabella, but they were true.

For Isabella, Michael really wanted to take revenge on her family, including her.

Bianca shook her head frantically. "No, Michael, please, let me go this time. Have you forgotten our feelings, and what I did back then..."

"You're not worthy of mentioning what happened back then!" Michael interrupted coldly, "Besides, are you sure it was you who saved me back then?"

Hearing that, Bianca's face turned pale.

Michael's eyes had lost all warmth. "But whether it was you or not doesn't matter to me anymore. I've repaid enough over the years, so don't bring up the past again."

###chapter 82 Make the Taylor Family Disappear

The thoughts and actions of the Taylor family were not lost on Michael.

He had been holding back from confronting them directly, out of respect for an old favor.

But their greed knew no bounds, Michael had reached his limit.

"You think it's over just because you say so?" Bianca suddenly let out a sarcastic laugh. Just moments ago, she had been playing the pitiful victim, but now her true colors were showing.

No matter how much she pretended, Michael never had any sympathy for her.

She dreamed of having Michael. She loved him so much that she studied abroad for three years just to be worthy of him.

For years, she had catered to his preferences, pretending to be gentle.

However, he still didn't care for her, and he even tied her up for Isabella.

"Michael, don't think you can settle everything just by that. You act like you're blameless, but in the end, you're still left with nothing!" She said smugly, "By the way, have you ever wondered why Isabella was so eager to divorce you? It's because Nolan, is back."

"She never liked you. Once your divorce is finalized, she'll run straight into Nolan's arms and say goodbye to you forever." Bianca had long since figured out Michael's weak spots.

Every word she said was like a sharp blade, stabbing into Michael's heart.

"So what if he's back?" Michael's face darkened, his hands clenched tightly, and he gritted his teeth as he responded.

He couldn't remember when it started, but Isabella had become increasingly important to him. Anything related to her, he couldn't ignore.

His emotions were influenced by her; just the thought of her being close to someone else made him feel a bloodthirsty rage.

Bianca's face was full of mockery, her laughter wild and unrestrained. "Michael, haven't you figured it out yet? The moment Nolan came back, you were dumped. It shows that Nolan is Isabella's true love, and you are just a stand-in."

As if trying to drag Michael down with her, Bianca continued, "Maybeyou can't possibly not see how much you and Nolan look alike, can you? When you two aren't speaking, you look exactly the same. Isabella was close to Nolan from the start; maybe she mistook you for him..."

The more Bianca spoke, the crazier she became, but soon she couldn't speak at all.

A large hand gripped her neck tightly, the force increasing, and the feeling of suffocation spread through her body.

Bianca opened her mouth but couldn't make a sound, her face turning from blush to pale.

"Mr. Brown, this could kill her!" The bodyguard's reminder snapped Michael back to reality. Seeing Bianca nearly dead in his hands, he released his grip with a dark expression.

He had almost killed the malicious Bianca, but killing her would dirty his hands.

Disgusted, he wiped his palm and coldly ordered, "Send her to Auroria. I don't want to see her again. And make the Taylor Family disappear as well"

He then strode away as if he had never been there.

Bianca, who had just escaped death, collapsed in her chair, terrified to the point of wetting herself upon hearing Michael's orders.

How could he do this to her? A place like Auroria, how could a woman like her survive?

Michael was just trying to scare her; she didn't believe he was that heartless.

"Michael, where are you? I was wrong. I shouldn't have done that to Isabella. Please, don't send me abroad. I'll do anything you want," Bianca, her lips pale with fear, screamed hysterically towards the door.

Suddenly, a tall shadow blocked the light coming in from outside.

Bianca looked up to see a face with only the eyes exposed, covered by a black cloth.

The man's voice was as cold as a robot's. "Mr. Brown has already left. It's useless to shout."

Hearing that, Bianca was utterly desperate.

When Michael drove back to the city, the streets were already lit with neon lights.

He was extremely agitated. Even he didn't know where this nameless anger came from.

Maybe it was from Bianca's words, or maybe it was because of Nolan, who was always more beloved than him

The car finally drove into the Brown Villa. After a day filled with too many chaotic events, he just wanted to return to the marital home he shared with Isabella and sit quietly for a while.

He didn't want to be disturbed by anyone.

But Michael didn't know that tonight was destined to be anything but ordinary.

Isabella had gone to Michael's apartment and the Taylor Villa to wait for him, but she hadn't seen him. Frustrated, she went directly to the Brown Villa to wait.

She believed Michael would come back.

When she entered the Brown Villa, Aiden had already taken his medication and gone to sleep.

Isabella didn't want to disturb him, nor did she want to face Stella at this time. She sent the servants away and sat alone in the hall to wait.

She thought there was a good chance she wouldn't see Michael tonight, so she was prepared to wait until tomorrow.

But to her surprise, she had only been sitting for a few minutes when Stella approached her with a tea tray.

Stella smiled warmly. "Isabella, you're back so late. Is the company too busy? Here, have some tea to relax. I've asked the servants to prepare some of your favorite dishes; they'll be ready soon."

Stella personally handed the cup to Isabella, her face maintaining a smile and her voice gentle.

Isabella was stunned.

She thought she was seeing something wrong in the middle of the night. She blinked to make sure she wasn't mistaken. It was indeed Stella in front of her.

Remembering the last incident, Isabella looked at Stella and then at the cup in her hand. She felt Stella was up to something.

Before Isabella could think further, Stella began to explain herself, "Isabella, did I scare you last time at the restaurant? It was all my fault, sorry."

Isabella remained silent, and she didn't expect Stella to apologize to her.

Isabella didn't know how to address Stella, so she politely put the cup down and, as a junior, asked, "Is there something you need?"

"Isabella, are you still mad at me?" Stella sighed, wanting to take her hand but afraid of being rejected. Her cautious demeanor was a far cry from her previous arrogance.

###chapter 83 A Visit in the Night

"About what happened before, it was my fault. I was blinded by outsiders and misunderstood you. Now I see clearly and won't act like that again. From now on, I'll treat you as well as my own daughter. Can you forgive me this once?" Stella's quick change in attitude surprised Isabella.

But with those words, Isabella clearly understood what was going on.

Her true identity had been exposed, and only now did Stella realize who the real heiress was. She was trying to use this opportunity to curry favor with her, hoping to pretend that everything she did before never happened.

Honestly, to secure her position as the hostess of the Brown family, Stella was quite quick to admit her mistakes.

But Isabella wasn't a fool. Stella was delusional if she thought Isabella would forget everything.

Three years of suppression and disdain, and the recent incident, could not be brushed off with a simple apologize.

Isabella couldn't help but sneer. "Mrs. Brown, Michael and I are already in the process of getting a divorce. There's no need for you to say these things to me."

At this point, there was no way she and Michael could be together again. So she wouldn't even bother to look at Stella anymore.

All she wanted now was to corner Michael, find Bianca from him, and settle the matters at hand. Then she would properly settle accounts with him.

Isabella's response was straightforward and blunt, leaving Stella speechless.

She had lowered herself to apologize as an elder, and Isabella didn't even show a bit of gratitude or respect.

Moreover, she had promised to treat her as well as her own daughter in the future.

Who would have thought that Isabella, who used to be treated worse than a servant in the Brown Family, would now dare to confront her publicly?

She wanted to curse back, but thinking of Isabella's current status, Stella could only grit her teeth and swallow her anger.

She silently reminded herself that this was the Wilson Family, which dominated the eastern part of Valoria.

As the heiress of the Wilson Family, it was normal for Isabella to have a bit of a temper.

"Isabella, you and Michael have been married for three years. Any misunderstandings can be cleared up. Why get a divorce?" Stella wasn't angry; instead, she smiled and carefully tried to persuade her.

Isabella sneered inwardly, comparing Stella's current expression with the one she had every time she made things difficult for her over the past three years.

To be honest, she was born actors.

"Isn't my divorce with him exactly what you wanted?" Isabella raised her eyebrows and asked.

After all, she had nothing better to do, and having Stella to chat with was a kind of "fun."

"I never thought that. It's you..." Before Stella could finish her sentence, a loud noise came from the entrance of the hall.

A tall figure strode in, and seeing Michael return, Stella's eyes lit up with joy. She no longer had to apologize to Isabella.

"Michael, you're back just in time. Isabella has been waiting for you. You two should sit down and talk things out. Don't make Isabella angry anymore," Stella said this while giving Michael a look.

But this time, Michael seemed to ignore her, and as he got closer, Stella noticed that Michael looked pale and unwell.

Stella was startled. "Michael, what's wrong with you?"

She scanned Michael and quickly noticed a bloodstain on his cuff. "Oh my, you're bleeding. Where did you go so late and get yourself hurt?"

The blood wasn't Michael's; it was from Bianca when he accidentally scratched her neck during his emotional outburst, staining his cuff.

But he couldn't tell Stella about this.

Michael withdrew his hand and calmly replied, "I'm fine, don't worry."

He headed upstairs.

He had naturally seen Isabella, but after what happened last night and their visit to the court for the divorce today, there wasn't much left to say between them.

Especially knowing that the person she was really waiting for was Nolan, he didn't want to hear anything more from her.

But he underestimated Isabella's determination to find Bianca.

She had cornered him at the Brown Villa; there was no way she would let him slip away now.

So when Stella shouted that Michael was hurt, Isabella immediately walked over to him. Of course, not out of concern for him.

"Michael, did you come back so late just to avoid me?" Isabella had hurried over, wearing only a thin long dress. Despite its simplicity, it had an inexplicable allure on her.

Her slender waist and curvy hips were on full display. Michael, having just made love to her, now saw Isabella deliberately blocking his way, provocatively asking if he was avoiding her.

To him, it was an unspoken invitation.

Last night's sex hadn't fully satisfied him. After all, it was her first sex, and he didn't want to scare her.

But he hadn't expected her to come looking for him at night.

Even though he knew her true purpose, he couldn't help but have other thoughts.

Especially with her slender legs right in front of him, he couldn't help but look away and frown.

His voice was low and hoarse. "What are you doing here?"

Seeing that the atmosphere between them wasn't bad, Stella left on her own. This was exactly what Isabella wanted.

She knew how protective Stella was of Michael. If she mentioned Bianca later and Stella caused a scene, it would be disadvantageous for her.

Isabella took a step up the stairs, blocking Michael's way, and stared at him with her bright eyes. "Michael, don't play dumb!"

She was here to demand Michael hand over Bianca.

Bianca had almost gotten her raped in a nightclub, and she wouldn't feel at ease until she avenged this.

Isabella's angry look had a unique charm in Michael's eyes.

Michael squinted at her, a wicked smile forming on his lips. "Waiting for me late at night, not letting me go back room. Dp you want to continue what we didn't finish last night? Want me to help you relive it?"

At the mention of last night's madness, Isabella was furious.

He knew she had been drugged, yet after making love, he just left, forcing her to go to the hospital for medication.

"Michael, you bastard, how dare you bring up last night!" Isabella's face turned blush with anger, and she raised her hand to slap him, but Michael was quicker, grabbing her wrist.

She tried to move, but his strength was too much for her.

"Already angry? Weren't you quite enjoy last night." Michael raised his eyebrows, using last night's events to provoke her.

###chapter 84 In Your Eyes, What Am I?

Isabella was furious, unable to move her hands, but she could move her legs.

Michael, however, saw through her intentions first and directly touched her leg. Isabella, disgusted, stepped back and almost fell.

Michael grabbed her. "You're so eager, it seems I was right."

Isabella remained silent, thinking Michael's mind was filled with sex.

She couldn't fall into his trap. She forcefully pulled her wrist from his hand, took a deep breath, and confronted him, "Michael, you know what I want to ask. Bianca is with you, isn't she?"

After the air froze for a moment, Michael's deep eyes stared at her. "Yes."

At this moment, Michael didn't want to lie to her anymore, when he looked into her eyes.

The reason they had come to this point might be because he wasn't honest enough with her.

But what Michael didn't know was that his lack of concealment, not even a single extra word, hurt her even more.

He knew how the Taylors bullied her.

Last night, Bianca drugged her, and today he hid Bianca, which showed that he was aware of everything. But now he didn't even bother to hide his protection of Bianca. Did he care about Bianca that much?

Thinking of this, Isabella's heart ached, and her eyes welled up with tears.

Michael had shattered the last bit of hope she had for him.

If she could, she really wanted to get an answer from his mouth.

Since Bianca's position in his heart was unshakable. Then what was she? A stranger he had sex with?

But she couldn't bring herself to ask. All she had left was her pitiful yet strong self-esteem.

The pride of Isabella had been worn away the day she willingly married Michael.

Now, she couldn't let herself be hurt a second time.

She bit her lip, and when she looked up again, her eyes were devoid of any emotion, only coldness from a broken heart.

"Hand over Bianca, and we're even!" She didn't care what Michael would do, but she had to take Bianca away today.

"No way!" Michael glanced at his watch, his tone firm and non-negotiable.

By this time, Bianca was no longer within Evergreen City; she was on a plane to Auroria.

He never intended to let Isabella handle this matter.

Bianca's current fate was what she deserved. Someone like Bianca, he would deal with; Isabella shouldn't be involved.

Throwing Bianca to Auroria, whether she lived or died was her fate.

"Why not?" Seeing his serious expression, Isabella's heart ached, and she sneered. "Just because she's the one you like, you hide her without a second thought. What about me? What am I in your eyes?"

Isabella took a deep breath. She didn't want to tell him, but she couldn't hold it in anymore. "Michael, you must know what Bianca did. Last night at the nightclub, she dared to drug me. Do I need to explain her intentions? If I had encountered someone else, what would my fate have been? You can imagine it! She wanted me dead and to use my disgrace as a lifelong joke. As my husband, what were you doing? Protecting her? Why, Michael, why do you back her up when she does wrong, and I have to endure it just because she's the one you like and I'm the one you don't care about? Michael, you two are simply too much!"

Isabella's chest heaved with anger, her eyes reddened with fury. Thinking about how she could have been taken away by any man last night, she couldn't suppress her anger and slapped Michael hard.

She hated Michael, and she hated Bianca even more, so she wouldn't let them go.

Caught off guard, her slap landed squarely on his face, quickly leaving a clear red handprint.

The crisp sound of the slap echoed through the hall.

Isabella still felt unsatisfied and was about to raise her hand again when Michael, with a dark expression, stopped her, grabbed her, and carried her upstairs.

In their marital bedroom, Michael closed the door behind him, and Isabella was thrown onto the bed.

In the silent, dark room, Isabella clutched her aching shoulder and met Michael's bloodshot, furious eyes, mocking him, "It seems Bianca's skills aren't that great. Do you still have the energy to make love to me again?"

Isabella deliberately spoke provocatively.

But their eyes were filled with anger and hatred, with no hint of intimacy.

She wanted to humiliate him. Only by seeing his anger could she feel a sense of satisfaction, even wanting to clap and laugh.

Michael's face was dark, his whole body exuding a terrifying pressure. He walked step by step towards Isabella on the bed, pulling off his tie and unbuttoning his shirt.

He seemed to get into the mood in an instant, casually throwing his clothes to the floor, and pressed his bare chest against her.

"We've been married for three years, and you never managed to have sex with me. Now that we're getting divorced, I naturally have to satisfy you properly, give you a perfect experience." Michael's voice was dangerously low, but his hands didn't stop.

He pressed her body that was trying to escape, his eyes lingering on her, and his words were merciless. "Otherwise, if you're still a virgin after the divorce, it would be too embarrassing for me."

Saying this, he pressed her body and leaned in to kiss her.

"Michael, get off me!" Isabella refused to let him touch her, struggling with all her might under Michael. "I'd rather pay a male escort than be with you. So what if you're Mr. Brown? A hypocritical, dirty-minded man like you, I even want to throw you away."

"Hypocritical, dirty-minded?" Michael gritted his teeth, repeating her words, pressing her with one hand and tearing her dress with the other. "Then I'll show you just how dirty my mind can be!"

"Michael, you bastard, don't touch me."

"No way!" Michael propped himself up beside her, his muscular upper body taut, blood rushing to his lower body. "You weren't satisfied last night, tonight I won't let you go!"

Isabella was left in just her underwear, and as Michael's hand was about to tear it off, a heavy knock came from the door outside. "Michael, I heard Isabella's voice. Is she back?"

###chapter 85 Are You Capable or Not?

Aiden's voice came from outside, but Michael couldn't hold back any longer.

The door was locked from the inside. He looked at Isabella, who was barely covered by a piece of fabric, his eyes filled with an overwhelming desire that seemed ready to devour her.

"Isabella, I have gave you a chance, but you came to me. So, are you going to do it yourself, or should I?" His voice was hoarse to the extreme, but he wouldn't let go anymore.

Meeting Michael's predatory gaze, Isabella tensed up, feeling a faint pain somewhere in her body.

"Michael, you are really a bastard. If you love sex so much, go find Bianca. Don't touch me!" She was hurt so badly last night that she could barely walk. He couldn't possibly be unaware of her condition, yet not even a day had passed, and he dared to do that again. He was a complete madman.

Without waiting for an answer, Michael didn't give her any more chances.

His long fingers unhooked her bra, and her breasts bounced free, swaying in front of Michael. Especially with the bite marks he had left still visible.

Michael's eyes darkened, his Adam's apple bobbing as he swiftly pinned Isabella's hands above her head, his possessive gaze no longer hidden. "Isabella, you can't escape tonight."

"Michael, you lunatic, you're a pervert! Grandpa is right outside. Let me go." Isabella resisted, and as Michael pressed down on her, she bit his collarbone hard.

Michael grunted, showing no more mercy, and forcefully entered her.

His movements grew faster, and stormy kisses rained down on Isabella.

Isabella trembled in pain, going from cursing to crying.

Aiden, not hearing a response, was about to return to his room when he heard Isabella's muffled sobs and the increasing commotion inside.

Aiden's face darkened, and he turned to shout at the door, "Michael, come out! Isabella is your wife. How can you treat her like this?"

"Michael, you're crazy! Do you want Isabella to hate you?" No matter how much Aiden shouted, Michael inside showed no signs of stopping, instead becoming even more relentless.

Let her hate him, then.

Although she would hate him then, she belonged to him at least at this moment.

Isabella's hair was disheveled, her lips swollen, her eyes wet with silent tears, and her body stiff.

Michael felt the tightness beneath him, and her lack of cooperation made him uncomfortable too.

After last night's experience, he knew every inch of Isabella's body.

He withdrew and replaced himself with his fingers, mimicking his earlier movements inside her.

A moan escaped, and Isabella, in disbelief, covered her mouth tightly.

Sensing danger, Isabella struggled to resist. "Michael, get off me. Take your filthy hands away. You make me sick."

Isabella lay beneath him, her strength like cotton to the towering Michael. As she lifted her legs, Michael pulled her closer.

He flipped her over and entered from behind.

A more intense pain shot through her, making Isabella feel like she was being torn apart.

Her tears flowed uncontrollably, and she didn't know if it was from the immense humiliation or the physical pain.

She shouted,"Michael, I won't let you get away with this! You better wait. If I can't fight you, the Wilson Family will. I will make you pay dearly for today."

She wanted him to feel a hundred times the pain she felt, only then could she ease her hatred.

She was a heiress of the Wilson Family. How could she be humiliated like this?

But then, a threatening chuckle came from behind her, slowly reaching her ears. "Angering me now, what good does it do you? If I were you, I would be to relax and enjoy the pleasure like last night." 

Michael's hand, like magic, caressed her smooth back, planting kisses on her shoulders.

Michael's anger had dissipated with their intimate entanglement.

His tone and actions became unintentionally gentle, luring her to follow his rhythm. "Isabella, I know you like it. Don't hold back."

But to Isabella, this was just Michael's tactic to get her. She would rather he be as rough as before.

Let her body remember this torment, this pain, and sever all her fantasies about him.

"How do you know I like it? Yesterday, I was just following my body's instincts. It doesn't mean I'll feel the same today!" Isabella buried her face in the pillow, sneering. "Michael, this is your second time having sex, and you're still so clumsy. Was that your first sex too last night?"

Hearing that, Michael's body stiffened slightly.

Isabella seemed to guess something, turning her head to look at Michael's darkened face, and couldn't help but smirk. "Really? Mr. Brown, the man every woman in Evergreen City wants to be with, almost thirty and still a virgin?"

Michael pulled her up, making her sit on him, letting her feel for herself. "What do you think?"

She looked at his cold face, her fingers lifting his chin, deliberately saying, "I don't remember last night, but today, I'll see if you can prove yourself."

Michael's large hand pressed her waist down, but the more he wanted to prove his perform, the more he seemed stimulated, ending quickly.

Isabella burst into laughter. "So it's true. Mr. Brown really can't do it. Looks like I made the right choice to divorce. You should take better care of your health. Being so young and already having performance issues."

Grabbing this handle, Isabella felt much better.

But she underestimated Michael's pride in this aspect.

Seeing Isabella laughing on the bed, Michael's eyes narrowed, desire and anger rising within him, surging towards a certain part of his body.

Noticing Isabella trying to escape, Michael grabbed her ankle, pulling her beneath him, firmly holding her waist, and thrusting into her.

Isabella gasped in surprise, "Michael, you..."

Michael, satisfied with her reaction, bit her ear. "The night is long. Whether I can do it or not, you can conclude after we're done."

###chapter 86 Does it hurt?

Another night of wild debauchery, and this time Michael seemed determined to prove something, gripping her waist and making love to her over and over again.

In the end, she passed out.

The next day, Isabella got out of bed, feeling nothing but pain all over her body.

Michael had either bitten or gnawed at her, treating her like a piece of meat.

'That bastard Michael has gotten his way again!' Isabella cursed in her head.

And she clearly remembered that Michael, to punish her, hadn't used a condom the last few times. They had already signed the divorce papers, and if she got pregnant...

No, she absolutely couldn't have Michael's child.

Just then, her phone rang from the floor. Her clothes from yesterday had been torn to shreds by Michael, and her phone had naturally been thrown to the ground.

Isabella practically crawled off the bed to reach her phone. When she opened it, she saw countless missed calls.

Seeing the top one was from Jesse, she snapped out of her daze and answered the call.

Meanwhile, the missing Michael was kneeling obediently in Aiden's study, waiting to be reprimanded.

Michael had always been difficult to discipline since he was a child, so seeing him kneel so obediently was quite rare.

But Aiden was even angrier seeing him like this.

If Michael weren't his grandson, he would have disappeared from Evergreen City by now.

But precisely because Michael was his grandson, this beating was unavoidable.

Thinking about the marks he saw on Michael's body that morning, Aiden's anger flared up, and he lashed out at Michael's back with a whip.

Aiden was so furious that he didn't hold back at all.

He struck several times in a row, but Michael didn't make a sound.

It was only when Aiden himself got tired that he had to stop, leaning on a chair and pointing at Michael's forehead, questioning, "Do you know what you did wrong?"

Michael looked up, his deep eyes meeting Aiden's. "I did nothing wrong."

Isabella was his wife, Whether they divorced or not..

Hearing this, Aiden nearly fainted, slamming his hand on the table.

"Michael, you know Isabella's background, and you still treat her like this. How am I supposed to explain this to Daniel?"

Michael didn't respond directly. Despite having just endured a beating, his eyes showed no other emotion. "Grandpa, if you're done hitting me, I should go check on Isabella. She should be awake by now."

Seeing Michael's unyielding attitude, Aiden was almost driven mad with anger.

But this was ultimately a matter for the younger generation, not something he could resolve with his words.

Helpless, Aiden sighed, closed his eyes, and dismissed him. "Get out. Fix your own mistakes and make sure Isabella isn't upset."

In the room, Isabella ended her call with Jesse and pulled back the covers to check her lower body.

She remembered that the doctor at the hospital had subtly advised her not to have sex for a while, or she would suffer.

It had only been a day, and Michael had already hurt her again.

The marks on her body were a mix of old and new, bruises and Michael's handprints on her waist.

She was so badly hurt that she thought her waist might break, but compared to the injuries below, these were minor.

She carefully spread her legs, and just one look made her bite her lip. Her vagina was swollen and red from Michael's torment, and with pain inside.

She couldn't even walk, let alone get out of bed.

Feeling miserable, humiliated, and all sorts of emotions flooded her heart, and Isabella's tears fell uncontrollably.

They dripped onto her legs and then onto the sheets, soaking them.

Isabella hugged herself and started to cry.

She hated herself for not listening to Daniel and her uncles, for insisting on marrying Michael, naively thinking he would fall in love with her. Marrying him was a mistake from the start.

Outside, Michael put the anti-inflammatory ointment in his pocket and pushed the door open.

But at this moment, Isabella didn't want to deal with him at all. Just thinking about last night made her feel humiliated, so she turned away from him.

But Michael seemed determined to confront her. Wherever she looked, he stood in front of her.

Michael knew Aiden wouldn't let this go, so he had barely slept and got up early.

He had already changed into a black shirt and matching trousers that suited his demeanor. His tall figure stood in front of her, backlit, creating an imposing presence without saying a word.

Isabella felt uncomfortable under his gaze but didn't want to talk to him.

She forced herself to endure the discomfort and avoided looking at him.

Michael was a demon; nothing good ever came from being around him. She could only avoid him to stay unaffected.

Michael, however, slowly squatted in front of her, his eyes deep as he looked at her. "Are you in pain?"

Isabella didn't believe he would be so kind as to care about her.

Last night was her first sex, and her body was already uncomfortable. He hadn't been gentle, and now, with new injuries on top of old ones, how could she not be in pain?

After doing what he did, now he wanted to show concern? What was the point?

Isabella remained silent, her hands tightly gripping the sheet covering her. She wasn't wearing anything underneath and didn't want any more contact with him.

She thought he would leave sensibly, but Michael extended his long arm, scooped her up, and carried her into the bathroom.

In front of the large floor mirror, Isabella's delicate body was nestled against Michael's chest, her hands loosely draped over his shoulders.

Neither of them spoke or made eye contact.

The room was so quiet that only their breathing could be heard.

Looking in the mirror, their bodies were closely pressed together, appearing very intimate. Michael's tall frame enveloped her petite one, making them look like a perfect match.

But just as this thought crossed her mind, Isabella quickly dismissed it.

She must be crazy to think she and Michael were a good match.

Neither of them spoke. Isabella looked at Michael in the mirror and couldn't help but sneer, "Mr. Brown, do you think last night wasn't exciting enough? Do you want to try something different in the bathroom this morning?"

Michael's eyes darkened, and he looked down at her strained expression, raising an eyebrow. "If you want to make love here, that's fine too."

Without giving her a chance to refuse, he carried her to the sink, sat her on it, and positioned his knees between her legs, reaching to remove her covering.

Michael always did what he said. Seeing him like this, Isabella thought he was going to force himself on her again, and she bit her lip and pushed him away hard. "Get away, Michael, you're a bastard!"

Isabella never expected that even in her current state, Michael would still make love with her.

###chapter 87 See a Urologist

But she couldn't match Michael's strength. Her vigorous struggle was quickly subdued by Michael, and the fabric covering her body was torn down to her legs.

The thought of having to go through sex again made Isabella tense up all over.

She instinctively crossed her arms over her breast and shouted at Michael, "Michael, you're too much! You're torturing me to extrem, and you still want to act like a beast in heat?"

Michael reached out with his large hand, and Isabella struggled desperately.

"Stop it. Let me check your injury and apply some medicine." His voice was calm, but his tone was imperiously unyielding.

His long fingers on Isabella's delicate skin lightened their pressure, but Isabella no longer had any trust in him. She didn't want to let him have his way again. "I don't need your help. Go away."

"

Isabella tried to block his actions, but the movement pulled at her wound, causing her to cry out in pain.

Michael's eyes darkened as he held her hands down to check her injury.

Her legs were pinned by his knee, making it impossible for Isabella to close them.

The sheet covering her was removed by Michael, exposing the red and swollen area. On closer inspection, there seemed to be a tear with traces of blood seeping out.

Michael's gaze darkened, and his lips pressed into a tight line.

Isabella was scared by his stare. After Michael's crazed demands last night, she was truly afraid of that look in his eyes.

"I don't need you to apply medicine. Go away. I don't want to see you again." Before Isabella could step down to the floor, Michael scooped her up and carried her out of the room, placing her on the bed.

Michael handed her clean clothes. "Come with me to the hospital."

He had been too rough during sex last night, inevitably causing her injury.

"No!" Isabella refused without thinking. She had only one thought now, which was to stay away from Michael.

Besides, she had just gone to the hospital yesterday. If she went again today, anyone could guess what she had been through.

She didn't want to experience that kind of awkward situation a second time.

Michael grabbed her wrist, half-threatening and half-coaxing, "If you don't go to the hospital, then I'll personally apply the medicine for you. With such a deep wound, it will take at least half an hour."

"Michael, don't you dare!" Knowing what he was up to again, Isabella's face turned blush with anger.

Seeing her angry, flushed face, Michael's lips curled into a wicked smile. He propped himself up on either side of her, trapping her beneath him, and whispered in her ear, "Why wouldn't I dare? Can you say you didn't enjoy it last night?"

"I didn't!"

"Really?"

"Then who was crying and moaning on me in the middle of the night, saying no with your mouth but clinging to me, asking for it again and again?" Michael's voice, perhaps recalling last night's scene, was filled with a satisfied and hoarse tone of post-coital contentment.

"Stop talking nonsense!" Isabella's face heated up, not realizing Michael was so shameless as to bring this up openly.

"Then you admit you enjoyed it," Michael added

Isabella fell silent.

Last night, he had deliberately aroused her desires, coaxing her into having sex repeatedly, bullying her, and ignoring her pleas to stop.

"Madman!" Isabella tried to push him away but accidentally met Michael's deep eyes, which suddenly turned sharp.

"Isabella, until we are completely divorced, don't let me find out you have any physical contact with another man. If you dare to have sex with someone else, I'll make sure he wishes he were dead." Michael's gaze at her was filled with a bloodthirsty intensity. "Given my obsession with your body, I might just tie you to the bed and show you what it really means to be unable to get out of bed."

Hearing that, Isabella's heart trembled violently.

Last night's experience was already painful enough. With Michael's madness, she would surely die in bed.

"And stop taking birth control pills. Isn't having my child what you've always wanted? Now I agree, so stop pretending. With a child, Grandpa will be happy too. Don't you want to fulfill his wish?"

Isabella felt a pang in her heart.

Daniel had mentioned the idea of having a child more than once. He was sick now, and seeing her with a child was his greatest wish in life.

Her uncles were all unmarried and lived far away. She had lost her mother's love at a young age, and Daniel feared that if he passed away unexpectedly, she would lose her emotional support, and her child would be her anchor and her closest relative.

These were indeed things Isabella had once wanted the most-to have a child with Michael and fulfill Daniel's wish.

But now everything had changed, she didn't even want Michael anymore, let alone his child.

Isabella habitually retorted, "Just because we've had sex a few times, you're sure I'll get pregnant? Mr. Brown, did you forget how it went last night? If you have time, I suggest you go to the hospital and get checked out. Maybe you have some hidden health issues, which is why your performance in bed is so poor."

With that, Isabella quickly changed her clothes and left the room, without giving Michael a chance to grab her.

But while she avoided Michael, she couldn't avoid Stella.

Isabella awkwardly walked to the hall, enduring her discomfort, and was about to leave when Stella took a bowl of soup from a servant and walked towards her with a smile. "Isabella, you look so pale. You must be exhausted. Here, have some soup. Maybe there will be good news next month."

The noise from their lovemaking last night was so loud that even Aiden had come over.

Now, probably everyone in the Brown Villa knew what she and Michael had done last night.

Looking at the soup in front of her, Isabella was speechless.

'Michael, that bastard, has ruined myreputation and made things so awkward,' Isabella thought.

But Stella didn't see it that way.

She had learned about Isabella's background and was worried about how to persuade Isabella to come back. She hadn't expected that the two would end up having sex last night. If Isabella got pregnant, she would definitely stay.

Considering Isabella's background and influence, Stella had to keep her happy.

Before Isabella could react, Stella took the initiative to pick up the spoon and pulled Isabella to sit on the couch.

She "considerately" reminded Isabella, "You're not in good health. If you want to get pregnant, you need to eat more. Stay here for now, and I'll make delicious food for you every day."

Isabella's face remained cold, not taking in a word Stella said.

She only thought, 'Did Michael's coercion last night count as a crime? If I call the cop, could Michael be sent to jail?'

###chapter 88 Contraception

The thought had just emerged when Isabella cut it off.

Not to mention that with Michael's power, this little matter wouldn't even require his team of lawyers.

If this matter got out, she would be the first to suffer.

Michael might not care, but she needed to save face.

Indeed, she was too easily swayed. Michael was right about one thing: she did feel comfortable in the latter half of the night.

With a sigh, Stella had already handed the soup to Isabella, who instinctively blocked it. "I don't want it, thank you."

Isabella had just refused when she looked up and saw Michael coming down the stairs.

Michael stood on the stairs, watching Isabella frown as she rejected Stella's kindness. He was about to get angry, but then he thought of her injuries and her pale face, feeling a bit of pity.

He simply walked over, took the bowl from Stella, and forcibly placed it in front of Isabella. "Mom worked hard to make this. Take it."

Isabella only wanted to sneer at Michael's attitude, thinking the mother and son were as unlikable as ever.

Did she have to give face just because Stella made the soup?What about the countless times Stella had trampled on her dignity over the past three years? Why didn't he stand up for her then?

And Stella's hard work, what did that have to do with her? It was not like she forced Stella to make it.

She didn't even look at the soup, stood up straight, and coldly looked at Michael. "I said I don't want it. Don't you understand?"

"Don't forget we've already signed the divorce agreement. So I have no obligation to obey you mom." She didn't want to go against her own will anymore, nor did she want to stay in this house for another minute.

She didn't want to say anything harsher, letting this farce between them end here.

As for Bianca, she would use her own power to find her. Evergreen City wasn't that big; she didn't believe she couldn't find Bianca by searching the whole city.

At this moment, Jesse had already entered the hall with the butler.

He immediately noticed Isabella standing opposite Michael. She looked pale, her hair was messy, and her body was visibly weak.

"Ms. Taylor, are you alright?" Jesse quickly walked over to support the unsteady Isabella. He didn't need her to say much; he could guess what had happened.

Seeing Isabella trustingly hand herself over to Jesse, Michael's eyes turned cold, and he looked at Jesse with hostility.

Jesse didn't care about his reaction; he only felt sorry for Isabella's plight. "Mr. Brown, Ms. Taylor just spent one night at the Brown Villa, and you tortured her like this. You're too much."

"T Wilson Family won't let this go, but right now, I can't wait for them to step in." Jesse turned and threw a punch. He had protected Isabella for over ten years and couldn't let her be bullied like this.

"Jesse!" Isabella called out.

Jesse was the best person Daniel had chosen from thousands. Being an orphan himself, he had always protected Isabella as the most important person under Daniel's instructions.

Now, seeing Isabella bullied by Michael like this, he couldn't hold back.

He moved too quickly, and Isabella was too late to stop him.

But unexpectedly, Michael caught Jesse's punch and twisted his wrist.

For a moment, Michael had the upper hand.

Isabella saw the anger in Michael's eyes.

Enduring the pain in her body, she walked up to the two and ordered, "Jesse, let's go."

Jesse was full of anger, but when he turned and saw Isabella's pale face, he had to withdraw his hand.

He supported Isabella as they walked out. Before leaving, he didn't forget to warn Michael, "Michael, the Wilson Family will take action. You better be ready!"

Isabella got into Jesse's car without looking back.

In the car, Jesse looked at Isabella curled up in the back seat, feeling heartbroken. Thinking about the scene he had witnessed, he wished he could go back and beat Michael up again.

Michael was Isabella's husband, someone she had liked for years. How could he bully her like this?

What kind of miserable life had Isabella been living these past three years?

The more Jesse thought about it, the angrier he got, his face turning blush.

Isabella gently advised, "Jesse, there's no need to fight him. We've already filed for divorce; we won't have any more ties."

In her mind, Jesse had always been a quiet person, only appearing when she needed him.

Even when she was framed by Bianca and sent to the police station, he hadn't been this angry.

This time, he must be really furious.

But she couldn't tell him the truth. Given Jesse's level of protection for her, he would definitely send Michael to the police station. That would really disgrace the Wilson Family and Daniel.

Jesse had no good feelings towards Michael, his chest heaving. "Ms. Taylor, we can't let him off this time. Even if you're divorced, you are still his ex-wife. What he did clearly shows no respect for the Wilson Family!"

Isabella said nothing more.

Michael didn't just disrespect the Wilson Family; he didn't respect her either.

But what made her feel wronged was his unchanging attitude.

Even Stella, upon learning she was a Wilson, had changed her arrogant attitude of three years and spoke to her cautiously.

Only he, from beginning to end, whether she was an ordinary person or a rich lady, never saw her as important.

All in all, it was because he didn't love her that he didn't care.

"Jesse, I don't want to hear his name again. Also, don't tell Atticus and the others about today." Just thinking about Michael made her heart ache.

She really didn't want these things to reach the Wilson Family.

Seeing Isabella's poor complexion, Jesse opened his mouth but swallowed his words, first taking her back to the Garden Villa left by Grace.

After a hot bath, Isabella simply cleaned herself and lay on the bed, not wanting to move.

She had just washed with hot water, and the discomfort had eased a lot, but it still hurt.

Compared to that, she seemed to have forgotten something important, contraception.

Isabella suddenly sat up in bed, ignoring the soreness in her body, and went downstairs to find the medicine in her bag.

The doctor had given her the medicine yesterday, and fearing it wouldn't be enough, she had asked for two boxes. There was still one unopened box.

She had just found the medicine when a white tube of ointment fell out of her bag.

Puzzled, she picked it up and saw it was the same thing Michael had in his hand in the bathroom.

Michael had wanted to apply the ointment for her, but it was still unopened.

Isabella bit her lip. Although she didn't want to accept Michael's kindness, it was unrealistic for her to go out and buy medicine in her current condition.

She was also too embarrassed to ask someone else to buy it for her.

Taking a deep breath, Isabella resignedly opened the ointment and went to the bathroom.

After applying the ointment, the cool sensation relieved most of the pain.

Lying back on the bed, Isabella was so tired she could barely keep her eyes open. But when she turned her head, she saw the box of contraceptive pills on the bedside table.

###chapter 89 Midnight Movie

Michael's words in their wedding room echoed in her mind.

Not long after she got married, Daniel mentioned that he wanted her and Michael to have a child.

At that time, she still had feelings for Michael, and Daniel's illness wasn't that severe yet. She could easily brush it off with an excuse.

But now Daniel was in the hospital, his health deteriorating, and his greatest wish was to see Isabella's child. So Isabella had to consider this.

Michael had been making love to her frequently these past few days. What if she got pregnant?

Actually, it didn't matter who the father was; she just wanted the child.

If she got pregnant this time, it would satisfy her urgent desire to have a child and save her the trouble of finding someone else.

But this child would be a Brown.

But this child would be a Brown. Michael alone was enough to give her a headache, let alone Aiden, who cherished her the most in the Brown Family.

If Aiden found out she had a Brown Family child, he definitely wouldn't let her go easily.

She picked up the medicine and then put it down. Isabella finally made a decision in her heart.

If she really had a child, she could secretly give birth to it without anyone knowing, so Michael wouldn't be able to find her.

That way, she could also give Daniel an explanation.

But thinking about why she sought out Michael last night made Isabella furious.

Michael's attitude yesterday was very clear. Bianca was in his hands, but he wouldn't release her. Nor would he hand Bianca over to her.

Thinking of this, Isabella made a call and instructed her people to continue searching for Bianca's whereabouts in Evergreen City.

Bianca was in Michael's hands; she didn't believe she couldn't find her.

But what Isabella didn't expect was that after several days, no matter how her people searched, Bianca seemed to have vanished from Evergreen City.

Isabella was very angry. She knew the problem lay with Michael, but she couldn't do anything about it.

Just thinking about it, he had a hundred ways to prevent her from finding anyone.

While Isabella was feeling distressed, Olivia called.

It was as if she knew how Isabella was feeling, inviting her out to have fun. "Isabella, there's a great movie coming out recently. Let's go watch it tomorrow night, okay?"

Before Isabella could speak, she heard Olivia deliberately lower her voice. "It's the latest show, and there are lots of handsome guys around. You'll be satisfied."

Hearing this, Isabella's mouth twitched. "Those handsome guys must go with their girl friends at this time. We'll be the only two single people there."

Olivia was stunned for a moment, feeling very innocent. "But the movie is really good, and it's the premiere. It stars my favorite actor, and I promised him I'd support this film."

Towards the end, Olivia started to act coquettishly towards Isabella. "Please, Isabella, come with me. If I go alone, everyone will laugh at me."

Isabella couldn't resist her coquettishness. Since she had nothing else to do, she said, "Fine, I'll go, but I'll wear my usual clothes and won't put on makeup."

That night at the club had really left a shadow on her.

Whenever she thought of that makeup, she remembered the night she made love with Michael in the hotel.

"No problem, you are stunning even without makeup." As long as she could get Isabella out, Olivia was more than happy.

The next day, Isabella arrived at the cinema Olivia mentioned twenty minutes early.

She wore a white coat and casual pants, her hair simply tied back, and a baseball cap, looking like a college girl sneaking out to have fun.

But Isabella waited at the entrance for a long time, and Olivia, who had invited her out, was nowhere to be seen.

Seeing that the time was almost up, Isabella called Olivia in exasperation. "Olivia, what are you up to? Didn't we agree to watch the movie together? It's about to start, where are you?"

"I'm almost there, Isabella, don't worry." Olivia was panting, running as she apologized to Isabella. "I just put on some makeup and lost track of time. Believe me, it wasn't on purpose."

Listening to the voice on the phone, it seemed like Olivia was right behind her.

She instinctively turned around, and sure enough, Olivia was not far away, running towards her and waving. "Isabella, I'm here!"

Seeing she really arrived, Isabella didn't even know where to start scolding her.

Hanging up, Olivia immediately ran over and linked arms with Isabella, looking up with her delicate face. "I wasn't lying, see, I made it just in time."

Isabella said, "Yes, if you were a few minutes later, the movie would have started, and we'd go straight to the best part."

Olivia, knowing she was in the wrong, blinked her eyes, seeking forgiveness.

Isabella smiled, pulling her along. "Let's go in, or we'll really be late."

But Olivia noticed something was off and asked as they walked, "Isabella, do you have a cold? Why are you all bundled up? This isn't like your style!"

Indeed, she had deliberately dressed like this, but she couldn't let Olivia find out.

That lunatic Michael, who knew what was wrong with him, had bitten and marked her all over.

Not only did he leave marks all over her, but these marks seemed to linger on her body for days.

Even wearing high-necked clothes couldn't cover them.

To prevent Olivia from noticing, she had to wear a scarf. After all, it was a movie theater at night, so she might not be discovered.

The mask was because she hadn't put on makeup, so she decided to cover her face.

Olivia couldn't keep a secret, and she was really afraid she'd tell Thomas.

"No. It's just that the news online has been too crazy lately, and people keep following me. This is more convenient. Let's go in." Isabella hurriedly pulled her towards the entrance, but this only piqued Olivia's curiosity.

"No way, you usually don't care about reporters. Why are you hiding today, and wearing a scarf that doesn't match your style? This looks so strange."

"Don't..." Isabella quickly covered her neck, but it was too late. Olivia had already grabbed the other end of the scarf and with a gentle tug, it fell off.

"Olivia, what are you doing!" Isabella's voice suddenly rose in panic, and she quickly re-tied the scarf around her neck before Olivia could react.

But she didn't know that Olivia had already seen the scene just now.

The area near her collarbone was covered in love marks.

"Isabella, are you hiding something from me?" Olivia squinted her eyes, her gaze fixed on Isabella's neck, pretending to be unaware.

###chapter 90 Did Michael put a tracker on her?

"No, what could I possibly be hiding from you? You're overthinking it." Isabella adamantly denied it.

Olivia raised an eyebrow but didn't press the issue. Instead, she waved the tickets in her hand. "Let's go, it's time to check in. We can talk inside."

'Could the traces Isabella doesn't want me to see be related to Michael? No wonder she left so early that day,' Olivia thought to herself.

Before entering the venue, Isabella noticed that Olivia seemed different. Usually, when Olivia went out, she wore heavy makeup, following her own whims.

But tonight, Olivia looked like she was rushing to an event, with her makeup meticulously done and her outfit matching her public persona in the entertainment industry.

But it was just a late-night movie, no need to be so formal.

"Olivia, is someone special coming tonight?" Isabella looked at her in confusion, thinking tonight's movie was just Olivia's way of killing time.

But Olivia replied casually, "No, I'm just here to support my favorite star's box office. Plus, I know the male lead, he's super handsome, so I brought you along to enjoy it."

"If it's to support him, why not just book the whole theater?"

Olivia was the heiressof the Smith Family, and Isabella was the biggest shareholder of both the Wilson Group and the Brown Group. Why squeeze into a late-night movie with just two tickets?

"That's different. If I booked the whole theater, I wouldn't run into that person!"

Isabella was taken aback. "Who?"

Olivia leaned in. "I had someone find out that the investor behind this movie will be here with friends for this late-night movie . You know I've always wanted to try my hand in the movie industry, but good resources are scarce. I have to seize the opportunity."

"Now you know why I dragged you here at this time?" Olivia raised her eyebrows with a meaningful expression.

Isabella understood. Olivia had always been interested in acting, but good resources required more than just money; they needed connections.

"You should have told me earlier. I wouldn't have dressed like this. I would have worn something decent to not embarrass you," Isabella said.

She almost covered herself up completely when she came. It was easy for her to be seen as an oddball.

"Well, Isabella, you look good in anything. Tonight, just think of it as keeping me company. Don't overthink it."

Once inside, Olivia pulled her to their seats.

The lights dimmed shortly after, and the big screen started to flicker.

But in the vast space, it was just the two of them.

Isabella was a bit surprised and asked Olivia, "That person you mentioned isn't coming, right? The movie's started, and no one else has come in."

Olivia wasn't too sure either. After all, the information was bought, but since they were already there, they could only sit tight. "They'll come. I paid for this info; it can't be wrong."

Just as she finished speaking, a group of people entered from the doorway, too dark to see clearly.

But the lead figure was distinguishable, with a perfect build and proportions.

"They're here, that's the person." Olivia's excited voice came from beside her, making Isabella's heart skip a beat.

The investor Olivia mentioned looked a lot like Michael.

Their seats were in the front, and once they sat down, nothing could be seen.

Isabella instinctively shook off the thought that had just popped into her head, thinking she was just too scared of Michael.

Everywhere she went, she felt like Michael was around.

Olivia noticed Isabella staring at the front row and remembered the "traces" she saw outside.

Taking advantage of Isabella's distraction, she asked, "Isabella, where did you go that night at the club? You left me there without a call. Did something happen to you?"

Just as she managed to suppress her guess about Michael , Olivia brought up the club incident.

Hearing that, Isabella almost choked.

If it weren't for that night, would she have ended up sleeping with Michael? And now, they were entangled in a complicated relationship.

She swore she'd find Bianca, the culprit, and punish her severely.

"No, nothing happened," Isabella replied.

 "Really?" Olivia pressed on, as if she wouldn't give up until she got an answer.

Isabella was extremely nervous, but the movie's opening saved her. "Aren't you here to watch the movie? Stop talking."

Olivia finally let her go and turned her attention to the screen.

But Isabella had lost interest in the movie.

She couldn't have been mistaken earlier, wondering it was so ridiculous to run into Michael at a movie.

After a while, feeling restless, Isabella got up to go to the restroom.

In the meantime, many couples had arrived. Isabella had to bend over to walk out.

When she reached the front row, she deliberately slowed down. In the light from the big screen, Michael's flawless features appeared before her.

Realizing it was really Michael, Isabella's heart skipped a beat.

Did Michael put a tracker on her, or was she just that unlucky, running into him everywhere?

She had only enjoyed a few days of peace since leaving the Brown Family. So she couldn't let him find her.

Thinking of Olivia waiting for her, Isabella swallowed hard, trying not to make herself too noticeable, and pulled her hat down as she went outside.

Just as she left, someone sat next to Olivia.

The man was dressed in trendy clothes, with light makeup, exuding sophistication from head to toe. But on his ruggedly handsome face, it looked out of place.

He curiously asked Olivia, "Who was that with you just now? I haven't seen her before."

It was a not-so-popular star, Tyrell Baldwin, a friend from her circle, who had some talent but lacked luck.

His face didn't fit the current mainstream aesthetic, and his style wasn't eye-catching enough to attract young girls. Over time, with no exposure, his agent gave up on him.

Recently, Tyrell had joined a few productions on his own, but none had made a significant impact.

Olivia raised her chin. "She's my personal designer, my best friend. Many of the outfits I wore in my debut photos were designed by her."

"Really?" Hearing she was Olivia's personal designer, Tyrell's eyes lit up.

Every artist knew how important a beloved look was. Once they had a signature style, they could ride that wave of popularity.

And Olivia had risen to fame on that wave. In just two short years, she had made significant strides in the entertainment industry.

###chapter 91 The Power of Rumors

"Olivia, we're all friends here. Can you introduce her to me? I want to advance my career a bit," Tyrell spoke earnestly. In their circle, everyone wanted to be liked.

Anyone who could enter the entertainment industry had some talent; what they lacked was a bit of luck.

Olivia and Tyrell had known each other since their debut. One was a newly signed singer, the other a hardworking trainee.

Seeing him troubled daily without a breakthrough, Olivia also wanted to help him, but she couldn't make this decision for Isabella.

Olivia replied, "I can introduce you to her, but let me be clear, my friend is not an ordinary person. Whether she helps you or not depends on your own ability."

"I understand," Tyrell nodded and whispered, "As long as it can boost my popularity, the price is negotiable."

Tyrell had been in the industry for two or three years. For male artists, age was a hurdle. Without a breakthrough, he would be overshadowed by newcomers.

He wanted a return, and paying a price was worth it, especially when dealing with such a big shot.

Olivia smirked. "My friend is the heiress of the Wilson Family. Do you think she needs your money?"

"She's the heiress of the Wilson Family?" Tyrell exclaimed, instantly drawing the attention of those nearby.

"They're talking about that person just now, right? I thought the figure looked familiar. Turns out it's the Wilson Family's heiress, Isabella, who's been all over the news recently." People in the back row joined in.

"Wow, are you serious? She's Isabella? I heard she's also the heiress to the Wilson Group. That's so cool. Can I take a photo with her later? I really like her."

"Me too. I've watched all those videos of her arguing with people online. If I had half her strong mindset, that would be enough."

"So luckily. Just watching a movie and running into such a good thing. I must get a photo after the show."

Hearing people suddenly discussing Isabella's identity, Olivia quickly covered her face with her clothes.

'Oh my God. Do I unintentionally cause big trouble for Isabella?' She thought.

But she didn't expect something even more shocking was waiting for her.

"Not just Ms. Taylor, I heard someone saw Mr. Brown, Ms. Taylor's ex-husband. Someone saw him here too, with quite a few people."

Sensing the person didn't seem to be lying, Olivia suddenly felt a chill down her spine.

'Oh my God, why so unlucky today? How come even Michael is here? And I brought Isabella to watch a movie, just to run into Michael. Will Isabella think I do it on purpose?' Olivia thought desperately.

Sensing Olivia stunned, Tyrell thought of his earlier exclamation and trembled, hiding himself as well.

But the crowd's curiosity was piqued, and the discussions continued.

"An ex-couple, both watching a movie in the same theater at the same time. How ridiculous."

"Exactly, what a coincidence. And Mr. Brown, coming to a regular cinema like ours, must be a plan to win Ms.Taylor back. Looks like they might reconcile?"

"But they didn't sit together. Clearly, Mr. Brown followed Ms.Taylor here, regretting the divorce. He must have found out Ms. Taylor was here and planned a surprise to win her back."

When Isabella bent down to return to her seat, she was startled to hear people discussing her.

She had just stepped out for a bit. How did she become the center of attention upon returning?

The people were so focused on their discussion that they didn't notice Isabella with her head down, but their voices grew louder and more outrageous.

Some even spread rumors that Michael realized his feelings after the divorce and wanted to win Isabella back.

Just hearing it made Isabella feel the power of rumors was terrifying.

She shook her head, sat back in her seat, and noticed a man suddenly sitting next to Olivia.

Thinking he was just another curious person, she didn't pay much attention.

She tugged Olivia's arm and whispered, "Olivia, what's going on? Everything was fine earlier. Why is everyone talking about me now?"

Although her divorce with Michael had been a public affair, it had been days. The buzz should have died down by now.

Olivia forced a smile. "Isabella, how about I introduce you to someone first?"

She feared that if she told the truth, Isabella would kick Tyrell out immediately.

Moreover, she was doing this not just to help Tyrell but to keep Isabella calm.

As Isabella widened her eyes, Olivia shrank back and pulled Tyrell over.

"This is Tyrell, a friend I met when I debuted. He's good at singing and dancing, a very talented star, and also an actor." Olivia tried her best to highlight Tyrell's strengths.

"Nice to meet you, Ms. Taylor." Tyrell extended his hand, confident and natural.

Isabella finally saw the man clearly. He was good-looking, though his makeup was a bit odd. But since Tyrell was Olivia's friend, she didn't mind much.

"Hello, Mr. Baldwin." Isabella nodded politely, shook his hand briefly, and quickly withdrew.

More than Olivia's sudden friend, Isabella was curious about the surrounding discussions.

But not far in the front row, a pair of deep, sharp eyes took in the scene of their handshake.

In the flickering screen light, Isabella's makeup-free face was even more captivating.

Her casual outfit looked tailor-made for her, exuding a gentle and charming aura.

Noticing she smiled to Tyrell, Michael clenched his jaw, coldness spreading in his eyes.

In just three days, Isabella had forgotten his warning.

Tyrell was also stunned.

The entertainment industry was full of beautiful women, but to him, Isabella, in her white outfit, smiling at him, looked like a fairy descending from the heavens, natural, pure, with a unique charm.

It wasn't just her background; Tyrell was genuinely attracted to Isabella's unique allure.

Seeing no one beside Isabella, Tyrell moved past Olivia and sat directly next to Isabella. "Ms. Taylor, what do you usually like to do in your free time? Is it drawing designs, listening to music, or watching movies?"

###chapter 92 Seducing a Man Right in Front of Him

Isabella was taken aback.

Only then did Tyrell realize that his sudden move might have made Isabella uncomfortable, and he quickly apologized. "Sorry, I just got too excited for a moment and couldn't help but come over. I didn't mean any harm."

Tyrell's attitude was very sincere, and Isabella, not being a petty person, didn't take it to heart.

However, his words did catch Isabella's attention. "What did you just ask me about? What design?"

Seeing that Isabella wasn't angry, Tyrell's fondness for her increased exponentially. "Actually, Olivia just told me that all her dresses were designed by you. Ms. Taylor, your talent and taste are truly impressive."

"That was many years ago, just something I did for fun." Isabella glanced at Olivia beside her.

She didn't understand why Olivia suddenly brought this up with Tyrell. Back then, Olivia had seen the sketches Isabella casually designed and insisted on wearing them to a party.

Unable to resist her pleading, Isabella made an exception and created the dress for her.

She hadn't expected it to have such an effect.

"To create something so stunning just for fun, Ms. Taylor, you are indeed extraordinary." Tyrell was thrilled and now fully believed Olivia's words. He looked at Isabella with eyes full of hope. "Ms. Taylor, I wonder if you are  interested in private custom designs, or even just give some simple advice. To be honest, I've always wanted to change my style, but I could never get it right. No one watches me sing or dance, and I'm not good at acting. Now, I'm on the verge of being abandoned by my company."

Isabella could see that he was genuinely anxious. Since Tyrell was Olivia's friend, she decided to be straightforward. "Private custom designs might not be possible, but I can give you some advice."

"Really? I'm so lucky to get your personal feedback."

Isabella immediately identified the issues with his appearance and started from the key points.

With his serious looks, he should build a persona around strength rather than trying to cater to the public by making himself look cute.

As for clothing, Tyrell's larger frame was more suited to various black and white shirts.

Indeed, anyone could give advice, but it ultimately depended on him.

And he wasn't bad-looking; otherwise, he wouldn't have been chosen to be a star.

Tyrell listened intently. Over the past few years, he had lost his own judgment trying to cater to the public.

His makeup and clothing were all arranged by his agency.

This led to him always wanting to be like others but increasingly being ostracized.

He wanted to change his image but feared being ridiculed and accused of lacking talent but having ulterior motives, which would completely ruin his future.

Now, Isabella's few words had enlightened him, and he felt much more at ease.

The two continued to chat about how to match clothes, getting more and more engrossed in the conversation.

However, they didn't notice a pair of eyes staring at them from the front row, growing increasingly sharp and deep.

'Who is that man? Is he the person she has come to see today?' Michael was burning with anger, feeling like he was about to explode, but since they were in a theater, he had to hold it in for now.

He had attended a party earlier and heard someone mention the film's premiere. As an investor in the film, he had to come and show his support.

Not wanting to waste time tomorrow, he had chosen a midnight screening. He hadn't expected to run into her here, and he had caught her red-handed not keeping her promise.

At this moment, Michael exuded a cold aura.

It wasn't until he saw her get up and walk outside that he restrained his dark gaze and followed her.

Outside, Isabella stood in the hallway, shaking her head as she headed to the restroom.

Tyrell had been too enthusiastic, first offering her a consultation fee, then inviting her to dinner, and finally even suggesting he become her assistant.

Tyrell was Olivia's friend, and she found it hard to handle.

Moreover, she had already hinted to Olivia, who understood her well and was probably explaining things to Tyrell by now.

It wouldn't hurt to stay outside for a while before going back.

Who knew that just as she entered the restroom and hadn't closed the door, a strong force pushed her inside and locked the door.

"Who?" Isabella quickly turned around, only to meet Michael's extremely angry eyes.

His whole demeanor seemed like he wanted to devour her alive.

"Michael, what are you doing here?" She knew he was in the theater, but this was the women's restroom. What was he doing following her here? Was he a pervert?

"What do you think I'm doing here?" Michael forcefully pinned her against the wall.

He didn't care where they were; he just wanted to demand what she had been talking about with Tyrell that made her so happy.

"Tell me, what were you talking about with that man? Why were you so happy with him?"

Isabella frowned, realizing he meant Tyrell.

"Michael, don't slander me. He's a celebrity... Wait, how do you know I was talking to Tyrell?" She suddenly realized and raised an eyebrow.

"Michael, were you spying on us in the theater? Or are you like those rumors online, regretting letting me go and trying to create various encounters to win me back?" She said this, but Isabella knew better than anyone that Michael wouldn't, and he never regretted divorcing her.

But his impulsiveness today made her think he cared about her, that he minded her talking to Tyrell.

After hearing her words, Michael sneered and grabbed her chin. "Isabella, should I say you're narcissistic or just naive? I'm here to warn you that we haven't officially divorced yet. I'm still your husband in name. Flirting with men in front of me, do you think I'm dead?"

His words were like a sharp knife, stabbing into Isabella's heart.

Just a moment ago, she had thought he was jealous of her talking to Tyrell.

It turned out he only cared about his own pride.

Anger filled her chest, and the light in Isabella's eyes dimmed.

She shook off his hand and provocatively said, "So what? Even if I slept with someone else, what does it have to do with you, Michael? Don't forget, we've signed the divorce papers. Soon, we won't have any relationship at all."

She wished she could sever all ties with him right now, then he would have no excuse to hurt her again.

Michael stared deeply at her. "Even so, for the remaining time, you're still my wife. Stay away from those men and don't make me angry, understand?"

His large hand caressed her face, pinching her as a form of punishment.

Isabella frowned in disgust and avoided his touch. "Michael, don't touch me. We're divorced. Who I'm with is none of your business!"

She reached for the door to leave, but the next second, she was grabbed from behind, and Michael's body pressed against hers.

###chapter 93 The Intimacy in the Bathroom

Michael, who was already familiar with Isabella's body, slid his large hand from her waist to her most sensitive spot, gripping it with just the right amount of pressure.

A coquettish sound escaped her lips, and Isabella quickly covered her mouth in shock.

But Michael, beside her, was more than satisfied, a smile tugging at the corner of his mouth. "That's better. If you had been this obedient earlier, how could I bear to make things difficult for you?"

Michael's voice was gentle, but there was no trace of affection in his eyes. He treated her like a stray cat on the street.

Isabella felt a pang of bitterness in her heart. She propped herself up to avoid sliding down, her voice numb. "Michael, we've been married for three years. Haven't I been obedient enough?"

After marrying him, she had put him first in everything, even abandoning her own identity, doing things she didn't like, and pleasing people she didn't care for.

However, it still ended in divorce.

Her eyes stung with unshed tears, and Isabella bit her lip to hold them back.

She was no longer his wife and would not shed another tear in front of him.

Meanwhile, Olivia had finished her conversation with Tyrell but couldn't find Isabella anywhere.

She called Isabella's phone, but no one answered.

Then she remembered that Michael was also here. Olivia was suddenly alarmed, wondering if Isabella could have run into him.

The more Olivia thought about it, the more uneasy she felt. She left Tyrell to wait and quickly went to look for Isabella.

As she reached the restroom door, she saw several people standing guard.

One of them she recognized from the hotel entrance-it was Isabella's bodyguard, who usually stayed out of sight.

Olivia breathed a sigh of relief and asked, "Is Ms. Taylor inside?"

The bodyguard recognized Olivia and nodded. "Ms. Taylor went in but hasn't come out. We can't go in without causing a scene. Ms. Smith, could you please check on her?"

They were all men and couldn't just barge in, no matter how worried they were.

Olivia nodded. "Alright, I'll go look for her."

Once inside, Olivia called out for Isabella, "Isabella, where are you? Answer me."

"Isabella." After calling few timeswith no response, Olivia frowned, feeling that something was off. "Isabella, are you okay? Is it that time of your period, or is your stomach hurting?"

She checked each stall in the empty restroom of the late-night cinema.

She searched from one end to the other but found no one.

Only the last stall by the window was left, usually used for storage. Olivia decided not to check it and turned to leave.

But she didn't expect that Isabella was trapped there by Michael, his body pinning her against the wall.

When Olivia had called out, Isabella had wanted to respond.

But before she could make a sound, Michael had covered her mouth, and his large body blocked her completely, making it impossible for her to make any noise.

Hearing Olivia about to leave, Isabella struggled desperately in Michael's arms, but he was much stronger than her, holding her tightly so that only her eyes could move.

She was about to give up, but Olivia was just one stall away from finding her.

Isabella prayed silently. 'Olivia, don't go. Just one more step, and you'll see me. Just a little further.'

But Michael's devilish voice responded, "Don't even think about it. Olivia can't save you. Tonight, you're mine, and no one can take you away."

Michael didn't release her mouth, so Isabella couldn't make a sound.

But his other hand wasn't idle, lifting her shirt and starting to tease her.

"Michael, you... pervert." Isabella was on the verge of suffocation, her face flushed, but it didn't stop Michael from taking advantage of her.

No matter how she tried to escape, she couldn't. Michael's hand unhooked her bra and continued to explore downward, even trying to enter her.

Suddenly, a loud phone ringtone broke the silence, which made Michael's actions pause instantly.

Meanwhile, Olivia, who had searched everywhere and found no one, thought the bodyguard at the door might have mistaken someone else for Isabella. Maybe she had already returned to the theater.

Just as she was about to head back, she heard a phone ringing in the previously empty restroom.

In that moment, she realized something and ran back inside.

In the last stall, Isabella clearly heard Olivia running back, and at the same time, Michael's phone call. 

"Hello, Mr. Brown. This is the private men's clinic. You had an appointment a few days ago but didn't show up. May I ask why? If it's inconvenient for you to come in, we can offer home visits, though the fee will be higher." The caller's voice was deliberately low, but calling at this hour clearly aimed to exploit Michael's late-night vulnerability.

Isabella instinctively lowered her head.

But the next second, Michael's face was close to hers, holding the phone in front of her. "No need. I don't think I'll ever need it!"

He hung up the phone with one hand, his eyes burning with anger. "Isabella, you are really something, consulting a men's clinic for me?"

No one else would dare do such a thing.

Before she could respond, there was a loud knock on the door.

Olivia's angry voice nearly blew the roof off. "Michael, are you bullying Isabella in there? Let her go!"

"Don't think you can hide Isabella just because you're Mr. Brown. Isabella is the heiress of the Wilson Family. If you dare treat her like this, the Wilson Family will kill you." Olivia's voice was so loud that even the bodyguards outside heard it.

The next moment, several tall men in black suits rushed in, standing in front of Olivia and issuing a warning to those inside, "Mr. Brown! Release Ms. Taylor now, and we can all walk away peacefully. If you harm Ms. Taylor, we won't be so polite."

Inside, Michael was still fuming from the phone call and wanted to teach Isabella a lesson.

Before the bodyguards could count to three, Michael pushed the door open, only to see Tyrell, dressed in trendy clothes, standing behind the bodyguards.

Tyrell's anxious face relaxed visibly when he saw Isabella.

Seeing that, Michael's expression darkened.

In front of everyone, Michael raised an eyebrow and motioned to Tyrell. "You, come here."

Tyrell was taken aback, pointing to himself, and didn't know what Michael wanted to do with him.

But after hearing so much of the conversation, he knew Michael's identity. He had no choice but to comply.

"Were you the one sitting next to Isabella, deliberately getting so close to her? What are you trying to do, seduce her?" Michael asked coldly.

###chapter 94 Michael's Examination Report

Looking at Tyrell in front of him, Michael was filled with rage.

'Is he more handsome than me? What does Isabella see in him? Is it his charm or his ability to make her laugh?' Just thinking about how happy she had just smiled at Tyrell made Michael curse under his breath.?

They had been married for three years, and she had never smiled at him like that.

Tyrell was taken aback by the question, but when he looked at Isabella, his eyes were full of admiration.

He replied firmly, "I do like Ms. Taylor, but I would never try to seduce her. What I admire about her is her unique charm, her talent, her innocence and liveliness, and her innate confidence. Of course, if I ever have the honor of winning Ms. Taylor's favor, I will work very hard to support her, become her most trusted partner, and give her the happiness she desires."

Just now, Tyrell had already lost his heart to Isabella.

It was the first time he had met someone who moved him so much.

Just hearing her voice made him feel enveloped in a romantic atmosphere, eager to win her affection and love.

He hadn't expected this confession to come so urgently and suddenly, and even expressed his admiration for her in front of Michael.

Olivia, standing outside, was wide-eyed.

Isabella was equally shocked. She had only given Tyrell some advice and chatted with him a bit. Had she really won him over just like that?

Whether it was true or not, this confession had given her a sense of satisfaction in front of Michael.

The whole world didn't revolve around him; she was also liked and appreciated by others.

But this act was nothing short of a direct provocation to Michael.

Isabella was his, and Tyrell dared to confess to her in front of him? He should consider the consequence. 

If he hadn't witnessed the whole process himself, seeing that they had only chatted and nothing more, he could have made Tyrell disappear from Evergreen City overnight.

But now, he suddenly wanted to change his idea.

"Hearing you say that, I suddenly realize Isabella had so many good qualities." Michael paused, a wicked smile curling at his lips. He grabbed Isabella by the waist and pulled her towards him, kissing her in front of everyone, making sure it was loud and intimate. "But you have no chance. She's already my wife."

Tyrell's face changed, but before he could speak, Michael's eyes turned sharp, declaring his dominance.

"Don't let me see you in front of her again, or I can destroy you with just one word." After saying that, Michael let go of Isabella and strode out of the room.

The bodyguards, worried he might do something else, followed him outside to keep watch.

Tyrell looked at Isabella, blushing, and then went outside.

After the commotion in the restroom, Isabella leaned weakly against the wall, gasping for breath.

Michael had just forcefully kissed her in front of everyone, ignoring her resistance.

If he hadn't grabbed her chin, she would have bitten him extremely.

"Isabella, you and Michael..." Olivia was stunned by their actions, from seeing them embrace when she opened the door to Michael's domineering kiss just now.

She couldn't wrap her head around it.

Isabella really didn't want to hear Michael's name right now. She took a deep breath and waved at Olivia. "Olivia, can I explain it to you later? I just want to go home now."

"Alright, I'll take you." Olivia understood her. Michael was simply too erratic. How could he be so cold to Isabella before the divorce and then cling to her afterward?

"Isabella, should we tell Tyrell? He's still waiting for you to help design his image," Olivia added.

Tyrell suddenly liking Isabella had also left Olivia bewildered.

But putting that aside, they had promised to help him, so they should keep their words.

Isabella pursed her lips and thought for a moment.

Although the situation was chaotic, Tyrell's sincere confession had indeed helped her regain her lost dignity in front of Michael.

But she knew Michael's temper better than anyone. He hadn't acted out because she and Tyrell had done nothing wrong, but if they got too close, there was no guarantee he wouldn't go after Tyrell.

She couldn't let her momentary softness harm Tyrell. "Olivia, let's forget about it. I've already given him the necessary advice, and if I really help him, it would be like harming him. But if he has any financial difficulties, he can come to me."

Debts of gratitude had to be repaid, but not now. In a month, she would truly be free.

The next day, a very distinguished patient appeared at a private men's clinic.

Michael, dressed in a luxurious black suit with a matching coat, looked even more imposing with his tall and strong build.

The assistant saw him and quickly led Michael to the specialist's office.

They had even worked overtime today just to wait for him.

Isabella thought he had any performance issues, so today he would prove to her whether his body was really as she said.

The hospital staff served only him, speeding up all the tests.

In less than twenty minutes, the test results were in Michael's hands.

Seeing that every indicator was above average, Michael left with the report in a great mood.

At the Wilson Group, Isabella was in her office, dealing with the backlog of work from the past few days. When she was just about to take a sip of water to relax, Jesse walked in with a courier envelope.

Isabella was puzzled. "I didn't order anything. Whose package is it?"

Jesse pointed to the name on it, sure he hadn't made a mistake. "It has your name on it. The sender didn't fill in their information, but it looks like a document. Could it be a contract from a partner company?"

"Alright, give it to me." Thinking it was a business contract, Isabella didn't think much of it. She tore open the envelope and pulled out the contents.

"A male reproductive health report!" Looking closely, the name on it was Michael.

She almost spat out the tea she had just drunk.

She had used his number to make an appointment at the men's clinic just to vent her anger, and he actually went.

And he had a whole stack of reports done. Could Michael really have a problem?

Since the report was in her hands, she might as well look at it. If there was an issue, she could stop the plan to have children in time.

Just as she was about to flip through it, Jesse's gaze fell on the report.

Isabella covered it with her hand and cleared her throat. "Jesse, you can go back to work."

###chapter 95 Reason for Divorce, Sexual Dysfunction

Jesse closed the door as he left, and only then did Isabella reopen the examination report in her hand.

She flipped through the pages one by one, and none of the issues she was worried about were present.

But her face turned blush from what she saw, and even her ears felt warm.

Isabella read through all the pages without missing a single one, and finally, she slammed her hand on the table.

She realized that Michael had done this on purpose to show off to her.

She just wanted to know if he had any health issues, who cared about his stamina, length, or hardness? He even did the sperm motility test.

He was really confident. Was he so sure he could get her pregnant in one go?

Isabella took a deep breath, picked up her phone, and dialed the number she had memorized long ago.

The call was answered almost instantly, as if he had been waiting for her call. Michael's deep, sexy voice came through the phone. "So, are you satisfied with the results?"

Hearing his extremely proud tone, Isabella's suppressed anger flared up. "Mr. Brown, you didn't think I would believe a fake report you sent me, did you?"

Michael chuckled mischievously, not taking her bait at all. "Isabella, you should be able to tell if it's real or not. After all, you've experienced it firsthand, haven't you?"

Michael's words were full of innuendo, and the temperature on Isabella's face never went down.

"Besides, you made the appointment for me. If I didn't go, who knows what you'd think behind my back. I had to ease your worries, didn't I?" Although Michael said it as a joke, Isabella couldn't help but feel a bit guilty.

She did think that if Michael didn't dare to go, it meant he was hiding something, and she could always used it over him.Unexpectedly, he not only actually went but also did a bunch of tests, every single one.

He hadn't sexual dysfunction, but that didn't mean he could act superior in front of her.

"Michael, you're really funny. I just casually asked, and you couldn't wait to go to the hospital and get such a thorough check-up. Were you scared and eager to prove yourself to me?" At this point, Isabella seemed to think of something and suddenly laughed. "Well, we both know how fast you were that night. How many minutes was it? Too quick, I can't even remember."

Isabella added, "If you have time to do these pointless things, why not add more hush money to the agreement? For the sake of money, I might keep your secret after the divorce and not let your next wife know about your private matters." 

That incident of a few minutes was a lifelong stain on Michael's record.

Isabella just had to bring it up in front of him to piss him off.

But Michael wasn't angry at all. He lightly retorted, "So what? You seemed to enjoy it at the time."

Realizing Michael still wouldn't admit defeat, Isabella couldn't be bothered to argue with him anymore and hung up.

Only he could treat sex as an honor to brag about.

But since he didn't care about the incident, didn't that mean she could...

The next day, at the Brown Group, Aaron had just finished reporting to Michael and opened the door to see someone avoiding eye contact in a fluster.

They were afraid to even glance at him.

He was puzzled and looked down at himself, finding nothing wrong.

But as he approached his colleagues' desks, those glances reappeared.

Having been by Michael's side for many years, Aaron could tell something was off. He knocked on a desk and asked directly, "What's the big news? Let's me see."

He raised an eyebrow, genuinely curious but with a hint of pressure in his tone.

His colleague looked embarrassed, then scared, and shook his head.

Aaron frowned, "Not talking? Then everyone loses $200 today, and no more chatting in the office."

"Don't, Mr. Hill, I'll tell you, okay?" At the mention of deductions, his colleague forced a smile, glanced around the office, and signaled him to come closer. "Well, I won't say much. Just check the latest newspaper in the break room."

Aaron was about to leave when his colleague reminded him, "Don't say I told you."

Aaron frowned. "Is it that serious?"

His colleague nodded seriously. "Yes!"

Not only his colleague but also those around him looked at him with sympathetic eyes, as if he would be the unlucky one if he went.

As Michael's trusted assistant, Aaron usually didn't bother with such trivial matters, but he couldn't resist their mysterious behavior. He decided to check it out.

Five minutes later, Aaron returned to the office. "Mr. Brown, there's big news!"

Michael was on a call with a foreign company, and Aaron's outburst interrupted him. He coldly raised an eyebrow, scaring Aaron.

Michael said something to the other party and hung up, then looked at the flustered Aaron. "This better be important, or you'll lose your bonus this month."

Aaron swallowed and quickly handed over the newspaper. "Mr. Brown, you should see for yourself."

Michael frowned at him. Aaron was usually efficient; what was wrong with him today?

He picked up the newspaper, about to read, when Aaron cautiously reminded him, "It's on the front page."

Michael's brow twitched, and he looked at the top, where a bold red headline stood out.

#Michael Brown's Divorce: The Real Reason is Sexual Dysfunction.#

Michael spread out the newspaper to read more closely, but he felt a gaze on him.

Seeing this, Aaron quickly looked away, his face serious and righteous. "Mr. Brown, these media outlets will write anything to attract attention, even your private matters. They don't respect our company at all. We must give them a warning, or your dignity will be gone!"

Michael's eyes were deep. "What do you suggest?"

"Of course, we should issue a public statement and send legal notices to those media outlets." Aaron thought they definitely couldn't admit it.

After all, this was about Michael's male pride. If Michael admitted it, how could he face anyone in the future?

But before Aaron could finish, Michael's icy gaze shut him up. "Are you out of your mind? Do you think not enough people know about this?"

People tended to believe what they saw; no one cared about the truth.

Once the legal notices were sent, it would "confirm" his dysfunction.

"Aaron, I need to reconsider your competence."

###chapter 96 Emilio

Aaron knew he had truly hit Michael's sore spot this time. Given the current situation, he didn't dare provoke Michael any further. "Mr. Brown, I think with your perfect public image, no one would believe such baseless accusations."

Michael remained silent, his gaze not only cold but also filled with anger.

Aaron really didn't dare stay any longer. "Mr. Brown, I haven't finished the work you assigned me. I'll go handle it right away."

With that, Aaron quickly ran out without a second's hesitation.

The office door closed tightly once again.

Michael stared at the headline on the newspaper with a murderous look in his eyes.

Not only was the headline attention-grabbing, but the content was so detailed that he suspected someone had followed him into the hospital.

It listed all the tests he had undergone and even mentioned that he waited for the results before leaving.

At the bottom, there was a sentence.

#If Mr. Brown Has No Issues with His Sexual Function, Why Hasn't He Had a Child in Three Years?#

Going to the hospital indicated that even he had started to doubt himself.

Michael was speechless at first, then he laughed in anger.

The first thing that came to his mind was the conversation he had with Isabella on the phone yesterday afternoon. Only she could do something this outrageous.

To get a divorce, she even dared to spread rumors about his sexual function.

Michael clenched the newspaper, grabbed his coat, and stormed out.

At the Wilson Group, Michael stood directly at the front desk. "Where's Isabella? I need to see her!"

The receptionist gasped when she saw Michael's face and recognized him as Isabella's ex-husband.

Considering Michael's status, the receptionist didn't bother with an appointment and nervously pointed. "Take the elevator straight to the top floor, the conference room."

In the spacious conference room, Isabella was discussing the internal management positions of the company. She had just promoted a newcomer and was taking the opportunity to showcase their abilities in front of everyone.

Before she could speak, there was a loud sound, with the conference room door was kicked open.

Isabella sat steadily at the head of the table, squinting at the furious Michael who walked in.

"Mr. Brown, this is the Wilson Group, not your Brown Group. Isn't this a bit too arrogant?" A board member recognized Michael and stood up angrily to stop him.

Isabella raised her hand to calm everyone down, indicating there was no need to be nervous.

After all, she knew better than anyone why Michael was here.

But Michael's gaze fell on the young man sitting to Isabella's left, a cold glint in his eyes.

The man was tall and handsome, wearing a well-fitted suit and white shirt that didn't look lifeless but exuded a rare aura for someone his age. He didn't look much older than Isabella.

The two of them sitting together looked very pleasing to the eye, a perfect match.

The fact that he was sitting next to her clearly showed he had her favor.

Michael felt a sudden sense of crisis. He strode over to Isabella, momentarily forgetting the most important matter.

Michael's eyes were cold as he stared at the man. "I haven't seen this person before, Isabella. Aren't you going to introduce him?"

Though he asked for an introduction, anyone could see the strong sense of oppression emanating from Michael.

He wanted to hear how Isabella would introduce him.

Hearing that, Isabella was taken aback.

She knew the real reason Michael was here. So she wasn't surprised when he kicked open the conference room door.

But now,  why was he suddenly confronting the new employee she had just hired?

But since he asked for an introduction, she would introduce him.

After all, the Wilson Group was her territory. She couldn't let Michael steal the spotlight.

"Since Mr. Brown is here, let's take this opportunity to formally introduce him to everyone." She gestured to the man beside her. "My friend, and the person I trust the most, the future Vice President of the company, Emilio Blair."

"Emilio, this is..." Isabella was about to introduce Michael to Emilio when Emilio interrupted her in a gentle tone, "Ms. Taylor, there's no need to introduce Mr. Brown. There's probably no one in Evergreen City who doesn't know Mr. Brown."

With that, Emilio politely extended his hand. "Mr. Brown, we'll inevitably cross paths in the business world. I hope we have the opportunity to collaborate."

"I'm not fond of dealing with strangers." Michael's attitude was very condescending.

Emilio was just a Vice President, yet he dared to interrupt Isabella in front of all the board members. What bothered Michael the most was the way Isabella called him.

How close were they for her to call him by his first name so casually?

Given their unusual relationship, Michael decided to teach him a lesson, but he didn't expect to slip up.

As he was about to tighten his grip on Emilio's hand, Emilio's weight shifted, and in just a moment, Michael's face darkened.

However, Emilio remained calm and even smiled.

Michael finally understood where the aura he sensed from Emilio came from. Emilio was not a simple person.

Suddenly, Emilio released his grip. Michael suppressed the tingling in his hand and turned his gaze to Isabella, speaking with jealousy, "Isabella, be honest. Is he the adulterer you found outside?"

"Michael, show some respect to Emilio!" Isabella's face turned blush with anger.

She had known Emilio since they were very young, practically growing up together. Later, Emilio went abroad, and they gradually lost touch.

But they still texted each other occasionally.

This time, Emilio heard about the Wilson Group's difficulties in Evergreen City and came back specifically to help her. She was overjoyed when she found out.

She wouldn't allow anyone to slander or defame her relationship with Emilio, including Michael.

"What did I say wrong?" Michael looked at Isabella protecting Emilio, his eyes burning with anger.

He looked Emilio up and down, drawing a conclusion. "Or do you want to change your taste? You didn't like the guy from a few days ago, so you switched to this type?"

For a first meeting, Michael's words were incredibly rude.

Isabella was about to retort when Emilio stopped her. He stepped forward and shielded Isabella behind him.

Emilio looked at Michael calmly. "Even someone like me who just returned from abroad knows about your relationship. Mr. Brown, as a man, don't you feel embarrassed questioning Isabella's judgment and coming here to cause trouble?"

###chapter 97 She Will Come

Michael's expression was dark and terrifying, thinking Emilio didn't deserve to humiliated him to his face.

"The relationship between us is none of your business to judge. Isabella is my wife. Why do you shout in front of me?"

An invisible anger was spreading between the two.

Seeing Emilio's clenched fists, Isabella quickly intervened, "Emilio, please step outside for a moment."

"Ms. Taylor..." Emilio was worried about leaving her alone with Michael, but after receiving a signal from Isabella, he held back his words and left.

The others in the conference room, seeing the situation, left voluntarily.

Isabella led Michael to her office.

She closed the door and sat back in her chair with a stern face, warning Michael, "Michael, get this straight. This is the Wilson Group, not the Brown Group. If you have any issues, take them up with me. But if you're here to cause trouble, I won't hesitate to call security to throw you out."

Only then did Michael shift his full attention to Isabella, realizing she was different at work than usual.

The custom-made white suit dress perfectly outlined her graceful figure, her long hair draped over her shoulders, her makeup was exquisite, and her slightly furrowed brows exuded an aura of sharpness he had never seen before.

Michael was a bit dazed. From the first time he met Isabella, she had always given him the impression of being obedient and compliant, especially after marriage, where she centered her life around him.

She was willing to lower herself to please him, even going to great lengths to seduce him in order to have his child.

Now, transformed into the CEO of the Wilson Group, she was stunningly unrecognizable.

But he hadn't forgotten why he was here today.

A newspaper he had been clutching all the way was slammed heavily on the desk. Michael, suppressing his anger, questioned, "Isabella, why did you do that? Do you really want everyone to know I have a sexual dysfunction?"

Isabella kept a straight face, steadfastly refusing to admit it. "How can you be so sure it was me? Besides, you went to the hospital, so why are you afraid of people talking?"

Michael was furious. "I went to the hospital for you!"

"What does that have to do with me, Michael? Don't slander me. I didn't force you to go. If you have erectile dysfunction, just admit it What's there to deny?" Isabella muttered softly.

Michael's face darkened, infuriated by her.

But seeing her red lips moving, he suddenly changed his mind, took a big step towards her, and gave a wicked smile.

"No one knows better than you whether I have a sexual dysfunction. Since you doubt it, why not test it on the spot to prove my 'ability.'" Michael's eyes darkened, and he was about to make a move on her.

Isabella quickly got up from her chair and looked at him speechlessly. "Mr. Brown, you may be interested, but I'm not. We are in the office; I don't want to be seen."

"Mr. Brown, if you have nothing else, please leave. I have work to do," Isabella directly asked Michael to leave.

"I haven't gotten my justice yet, and you want to kick me out? Isabella, do you think I'm one of those adulterers who come at your beck and call?" Michael raised an eyebrow, completely ignoring Isabella's words. He grabbed her at the edge of the desk and pressed her down, kissing her directly.

Just as he was about to tear off her clothes, there was a knock on the door.

Isabella, pinned under Michael, froze in fear and bit down on Michael's lip.

She didn't control her strength, and Michael let out a muffled groan, his lip bleeding.

At this moment, a voice came from outside. "Ms. Taylor, are you in the office? There's a document that urgently needs your signature."

It was a subordinate from the secretary's office.

But looking at their situation, she was fine, just a bit disheveled.

But Michael was different. Not only was his lip bitten, but his tie was also a mess, and there were nail marks on his neck.

If her subordinate saw this, they would definitely think something was going on.

There wasn't enough time for him to hide elsewhere. Isabella pulled out a chair and pointed under the desk. "Don't just stand there, get in."

Michael was stunned, a complex look flashing in his eyes.

"Hurry up. If someone sees us like this, how can I command respect in the company?" Isabella urged in a low voice.

Before she finished speaking, Michael ducked under the desk, moving so quickly that she thought he had changed his ways.

"Come in."

However, as soon as she sat down, she realized his true "plot."

The subordinate placed the document on the desk, and Isabella's hand trembled as she took the pen, startling the secretary. "Ms. Taylor, are you okay?"

"I'm... fine." Isabella's face was flushed.

She bit her lip and clamped Michael's wandering hand between her legs, but she underestimated Michael's deviousness.

Isabella's tender inner thighs clamped his hand, but met with the more stimulating warmth of his tongue.

Isabella shuddered. If she hadn't bitten her lip, her voice would be heard.

She covered her mouth with one hand and quickly signed the document with the other, handing it back to the secretary. "Alright, go handle it."

Michael was actually licking her with his tongue.

"Yes, Ms. Taylor." The secretary took the document and turned to leave.

During this time, Isabella did her best to suppress her voice, never feeling that a few minutes could be so torturous.

The door closed again.

Her body and emotions experienced the most intense sensation, and Isabella's tense body instantly went limp, her lower body already wet.

Michael knew her body and sensitive spots too well.

The next second, Michael stood up and pressed her onto the desk, his hands on either side of her, his lower body tightly pressed between her legs, making her feel his sexual function.

His cock pressed against her, and Michael deliberately pushed against her through their clothes.

"You're satisfied, but what about me?" Hot breath sprayed in her ear, and Michael bit her lip seductively, coaxing her, "Come to my place tonight..."

Before he could finish, Isabella pushed him away. "Dream it. I will never set foot in the Brown Villa again."

Michael stared at her flushed face and thought of her reaction just now, smiling, "Tonight, I'll be waiting for you in my room."

After speaking, he stood up, casually straightened his tie, and left.

As soon as he stepped out, Michael was met with the gazes of the people outside. Not only did he not try to hide, but he also openly displayed the "marks" Isabella had left on him.

###chapter 98 Sex Video

As soon as Michael left, the staffs outside the office started gossiping.

"I didn't see it wrong, did I? Are those scratch marks on Mr. Brown's neck? And his mouth, were they that intense?"

"Ms. Taylor sure doesn't hold back when she gets physical."

"Look at Mr. Brown's expression, he doesn't seem angry at all, he looks happy."

At this moment, inside the office, Isabella patted her flushed face and looked towards the door, making a silent resolution.

She would never let Michael's words easily affect her again.

Thinking of something, Isabella picked up her phone and dialed Emilio. "Emilio, do you have time? Let's have dinner tonight to celebrate your first day at the company."

"Really? How could I miss that? Just send me the location." Emilio's voice was gentle and polite, with a hint of indulgenc

But the two had been friends for many years, and Emilio was always gentle and mature with everyone, so Isabella was used to it.

After agreeing on the time and place, Isabella hung up and leaned back in her chair.

She let out a heavy sigh, thinking she was so useless just know. She was clearly about to divorce him, but she still had feelings for him.

Whether physically or emotionally, she couldn't lie to herself.

At nine o'clock in the evening, Isabella left home with her makeup perfectly done. Before leaving, she thought of Michael's annoying comment that she would definitely look for him, and found it laughable.

Isabella deliberately took a photo in front of the mirror and posted it online.

Isabella: [Got plans tonight.]

Thinking that Michael might be waiting for her at home alone at this time while she was out having fun, Isabella felt a great sense of satisfaction.

Isabella guessed right, Michael had canceled his plans early today and returned to their marital home.

Seeing her post online, he was just about to step into the bathroom.

Michael's eyes darkened. 'Isabella has plans? She even put on makeup and a dress, who is she meeting?'

The next second, the man he saw during the day, Emilio, flashed in his mind.

Isabella took it so seriously, could they be spending a wonderful night together after dinner?

The more Michael thought about it, the angrier he got.

In a well-atmosphered themed restaurant, Isabella was resting her face on her hand, listening with great interest to Emilio recounting their past fun times.

Isabella's face was glowing with a bright smile, and under her coat was a red dress that perfectly accentuated her figure, making her especially attractive under the lights.

Emilio was witty and humorous, and he knew Isabella well. No matter what she mentioned, he could always make her laugh.

Isabella also felt that she had become much more cheerful since she asked Michael for a divorce.

She was no longer the Isabella who was anxious when Michael didn't come home.

All the signs showed that leaving him was the right choice.

Their marriage was something she had forced, and now it was time to let go.

They chatted and ate, the atmosphere was very harmonious.

But Michael sent her a message at this moment.

Michael: [If I don't see you in half an hour, the video will automatically be posted online.]

A short video followed the text.

Just looking at the video thumbnail, Isabella was stunned.

It showed a face lost in desire, eyes blurred, lips tightly bitten-it was clearly her.

Looking at the setting inside, it was from that night at the Brown Villa, when Michael had forced her.

Isabella's hand holding the phone trembled slightly, and she cursed in her head, 'Michael, that bastard, was he a pervert to record during sex?'

Isabella: [Michael, you dare to post it and see what happens!]

Isabella was not only furious but also filled with hatred for Michael.

With this in his hands, she wouldn't have a peaceful night's sleep.

Michael, relying on the "leverage" he had, behaved more and more arrogantly. 

Michael: [Now you have twenty-eight minutes left. Don't test my patience, you know I can do it.]

Isabella: [Michael, you madman!]

Isabella knew his nature well, he would do what he said.

But she wasn't just herself now; she represented the entire Wilson Group's image. So this kind of video absolutely couldn't appear online.

Even more terrifying was if Daniel saw it, she wouldn't know how to explain it. Gritting her teeth, she could only take a step back.

Sensing her face change, Emilio poured her a glass of water, showing concern. "What's wrong?"

Isabella's face showed guilt. "Emilio, I can't have dinner with you tonight. Can we reschedule?"

After all, she was the one who suggested dinner, and now she was the one leaving.

Isabella felt embarrassed to say it.

But if she didn't return to the Brown Villa now, she really couldn't hold out against Michael.

Emilio shook his head good-naturedly. "It's okay. If you have something to do, just go back. It's late, I'll take you."

He said as he was about to get up, but Isabella quickly stopped him. "No, I can go back myself. It's already bad enough to leave you here alone, I can't trouble you to take me."

"You take your time eating, I'll leave first." Isabella didn't let him get up, she grabbed her coat and bag and quickly left the restaurant.

The car arrived at the Brown Villa at a very fast speed.

Looking at the lit room on the second floor, Isabella's teeth were almost grinding to pieces.

She wanted to see what Michael wanted to do.

Only a nightlight was on in the hall, and Isabella headed straight to the second-floor bedroom, pushing the door open.

Michael was standing by the window in a dark bathrobe. Hearing the noise, he turned around, his eyes lighting up when he saw her. "Not bad, you're quite punctual."

Isabella's anger shot straight to her head, she slammed the door shut and walked up to him, extending her hand. "Where is it? Delete it in front of me now! This is illegal, believe it or not, I'll sue you for invading my privacy!"

Michael sneered. "I'm filming my own wife, how is that illegal? This is clearly a couple game, even if you call the cop, it won't help."

Smelling Emilio's cologne, Michael wrinkled his nose. "Go wash up and come out."

Isabella then remembered his true intention.

'Is he addicted to sex? Does the afternoon's desire last until now?' She thought.

But she wouldn't let him have his way, she hoped he would suffer from holding it in.

"No way! I'm warning you, delete the video now, or I'll call Grandpa over and see if you still..."

Michael picked her up and strode into the bathroom. "Call him now, if you like excitement, I can get more people to watch."

"Michael, you pervert, you bastard, let me go."

"Alright, I'll let you go." Michael suddenly let go, and Isabella, unprepared, fell into the filled bathtub.

She was still wearing her clothes, feeling extremely uncomfortable being soaked.

Just as her hand reached the edge of the tub, Michael's body, like a mountain, pressed down on her, firmly trapping her in his grasp.

###chapter 99 She Was Reluctant, He Lost Interest

"Tell me, who did you dress up like this for? Did you have sex?" Michael's presence was intimidating, and his hands were not idle as he questioned her.

He stripped her completely in the bathtub, and threw all the clothes Isabella had specially dressed up in for Emilio into the trash.

Isabella was speechless to the extreme.

Before the divorce, he couldn't wait to get rid of her. After the divorce, he started caring about everything she did, even controlling who she met.

Sometimes she really doubted if he knew what he was doing.

"Michael, did you control Bianca like this when you were with her?" Isabella couldn't help but ask.

He would tear her clothes, bite her, and touch her at every opportunity. He seemed to want to torment her in bed every day.

But when Isabella turned her head, she felt something was off.

Although Michael never admitted it, she could sense that he didn't seem to have much experience in relationships. So what did he and Bianca do before? Could it be that they never have sex.

Michael frowned at her words. "Why are you bringing her up now?"

He immediately dropped his towel and pounced on her in the bathtub.

He kissed her collarbone and breast like a hungry wolf.

He couldn't even bear to hear her name; he really was protective of Bianca.

The subtle feelings that had just risen in Isabella's heart disappeared completely in an instant.

She smiled sarcastically. "Of course, you still won't reveal her whereabouts. Bianca is the one you love, how could I ever compare?"

Isabella, the heiressof the Wilson Group, actually found herself envying Bianca one day.

Bianca was the daughter of Harper, whom she hated the most.

She could never understand why Bianca could receive Michael's unconditional love without doing anything, while she didn't even have the right to be compared to Bianca.

Michael's hot kisses trailed down, his body exuding male hormones.

But no matter how he teased her, Isabella's body no longer responded.

He looked up in confusion. Usually, her body would react faster than his at this point. Sensing the unwillingness in Isabella's eyes, his face darkened, and he stopped.

The desire within him was suppressed to the extreme, gathering more intensely in his lower body.

But since she was unwilling, he lost interest.

Withdrawing his hand, Michael resisted looking at her and stepped out of the bathtub.

Isabella wasn't feeling any better. They had just had sex a few days ago, and her body was still injured. He had just teased her with his hands again.

Now she was in pain again.

But she didn't want to face Michael right now. She soaked in the bathroom for a while before coming out.

Her clothes were torn by him, so she wrapped herself in a towel and put on a coat, planning to leave.

As soon as she turned the doorknob, Michael's figure rushed over, blocking her way.

Isabella was caught off guard and looked up to see Michael's cold eyes staring at her. "Where are you going?"

"Back to my place, Michael. I know what you're trying to do, but I don't want to." Isabella tried to open the door past him.

She couldn't stay, afraid that he would force her again like last time in the middle of the night.

"Who said you could leave? You're sleeping here tonight, nowhere else." Michael didn't give her a chance to resist, picking her up and throwing her onto the bed, pulling her into his arms after removing her coat.

Isabella struggled desperately, "Michael, I said I don't want to."

"Who said anything about having sex? Sleep!" Michael pressed her down with his hands, frowning in warning. "If you keep moving, I can't guarantee I won't do something."

Isabella immediately quieted down. Seeing that Michael really didn't continue, she breathed a sigh of relief.

But with Michael's hot chest against her back, Isabella's heart still raced.

Apart from the first two times, she had never slept so intimately with Michael.

He used to sleep in a separate bed from her, and even if they had to share a bed, he wouldn't touch her, keeping a distance between them.

Michael kept his word, just holding her without doing anything.

Isabella thought she wouldn't get used to being held while sleeping, but Michael's body was so warm that she fell asleep in a daze.

When she woke up, the sun was already up outside.

Isabella stared blankly at the familiar scene, then suddenly realized where she was and sat up in bed. How did she end up staying at the Brown Villa again?

Michael was no longer in the room. Isabella quickly grabbed her coat and went into the walk-in closet.

She thought Michael would have thrown away all her clothes, so she planned to wear one of his shirts.

To her surprise, half of the closet was filled with her clothes.

To be precise, many of them still had the tags on. Isabella, who loved design, recognized them as the latest fall collections from various luxury brands.

But she couldn't understand why Michael put them in the closet.

But she didn't have time to think about it now; her priority was to leave.

While washing up, Isabella was startled by the pain on her lips. Looking in the mirror, she saw her lips were red and swollen, with a particularly deep color.

She twitched her mouth, wondering if Michael have some perverted hobby.

Kissing her like this in the middle of the night, was he trying to get back at her for not cooperating last night?

She had to find him and question him properly.

After getting ready, Isabella put on her coat and went downstairs. She didn't see Michael but saw Aiden.

Aiden's face lit up with a loving smile when he saw Isabella.

Michael hadn't lied; he really brought Isabella back.

"Isabella, you're awake. Are you hungry?" Aiden greeted warmly.

Isabella was also surprised to see Aiden, but then she remembered how she had left in a hurry last time, probably scaring Aiden.

She walked up to Aiden and said, "Grandpa, I'm not hungry. Why are you in the front hall? Are you feeling better?"

"Much better. I missed you a lot, but seeing you and Michael getting along well, I'm relieved."

"Grandpa, I..." Isabella was about to explain that Michael had threatened her, but Aiden took her hand. "I know, Michael hurt your deeply. From now on, you'll have a say in the Brown Group, and with me at home, he won't dare bully you again. You're still young. Clear up any misunderstandings and don't mention divorce again. Live your lives well."

Listening to Aiden's heartfelt advice, Isabella felt like her words were stuck in her throat.

She wanted to tell Aiden that it wasn't a misunderstanding between her and Michael, just he didn't love her. So there was no need to keep a loveless marriage.

But facing Aiden, who loved and protected her so much, she couldn't say a word.

Her reaction seemed like an agreement to Aiden, who happily called Daniel.

His first words made Isabella's face turn blush.

###chapter 100 Of Course, I Like You... In Bed

"Daniel, I have fantastic news for you. Michael went to the hospital for a check-up, and he's in great shape. He and Isabella have been sleeping together every day, so they'll definitely have a baby soon," Aiden said happily.

Isabella was thinking of explaining her current relationship with Michael.

But when she heard Daniel's voice from the other side, she immediately pressed her lips together.

Moreover, listening to them discuss her having a baby made Isabella feel both strange and awkward.

She wanted to get up and sit farther away, and out of the corner of her eye, she saw Michael busy in the kitchen.

Isabella squinted her eyes, thinking she was hallucinating.

Isabella was both shocked and incredulous. Seeing Aiden still talking to Daniel about having kids, she got up and went to the kitchen.

As soon as Isabella entered, she directly questioned Michael, "Michael, what's wrong with my lips?"

Michael turned to look at her lips for a moment, then looked away. "You wouldn't let me have sex with you, so I had to kiss you."

After saying that, he continued with what he was doing.

He didn't show any extra emotion the whole time, and instead, he seemed to be blaming her.

Isabella was stunned for a moment, and never expected that to be his answer.

She was furious. "What do you mean? Look at my lips, they're so swollen. How am I supposed to go out like this?"

Seeing that he didn't react at all, Isabella frowned and blocked his way, lifting her chin to show him the damage he had done.

Unexpectedly, he directly wrapped his arm around her waist, took a step forward, and pinned her against the door.

There was no one else in the kitchen, only a pot of boiling water steaming away.

Isabella's eyes widened. She never expected Michael to suddenly get so close to her here.

Before she could speak, he said, "Last night, I don't know who it was, but someone hugged me naked, almost making me lose control. How can I not ask for some compensation?"

"Stop talking nonsense." Isabella instinctively retorted, and Michael suddenly covered her mouth with his hand. "Keep your voice down. Grandpa is outside. Play along with me, or we won't be able to wrap this up. From today, you're moving back in. I'll have someone pick you up and drop you off at work every day. Be good."

Isabella's brow twitched hard. She wasn't going to listen to him. "No way! Why should I listen to you?"

What daily pick-up and drop-off? He just wanted to keep an eye on her.

But there was one thing she found very strange. Today's Michael was very different from usual, like a completely different person. Before, he wouldn't even bother to look at her.

"Michael, what are you up to?" Isabella asked.

Michael stared at her without any pretense. "I want a child."

A child that belonged to both of them. Only then would she not run away from him again.

Michael added, "Haven't you always wanted to have a child? Instead of looking for someone you don't know, I'm the best choice. You know my health condition."

"You want to have a child with me?" Isabella frowned, and couldn't believe him.

If he wanted to keep her because of a child, why did he reject her every time during their three years of marriage? Why bring up it after the divorce?

"Michael, what are you really thinking?" Three years ago, she couldn't even arouse his interest when she was naked. Now he was willing to be with her to have a child.

Michael's eyes were deep, and his rough thumb brushed over her lips as he gave a wicked smile. "Of course, I like your performance in sex. How can I let go when I haven't had enough of you?"

"Michael, you bastard!" Isabella's face turned blush for a moment. Her heart had been racing just a second ago, but it turned out he liked having sex with her.

Isabella angrily swung her fist at him, but he easily caught it and pulled her into his arms. Michael teased her with a mischievous smile. "If you hurt me, who will give you pleasure?"

"Get lost. I don't need."

Suddenly, a figure appeared outside. Aiden saw the scene and angrily shouted, "Michael, what are you doing? Let go of Isabella. Do you want to get hit again?"

Isabella took the opportunity to try to run, but Michael grabbed her waist and helplessly looked at Aiden at the door.

"Grandpa, don't you want us to have a child? We're just trying to improve our relationship, and you have to interrupt?" Michael's words left Aiden speechless.

Before Isabella could explain, Aiden's stern face quickly changed, and he left with a smile. "Alright, I'm leaving."

Seeing Aiden just left like that, Isabella was silent.

At the dining table, looking at the delicious breakfast spread, which made by Michael, Isabella was shocked.

If she hadn't seen it with her own eyes, she wouldn't have believed that Michael could cook.

Seeing Isabella just staring, Michael handed her an egg. "Eat quickly. We need to go to the hospital for a check-up later."

Isabella looked at the peeled egg in front of her, her eyelid twitching again, thinking she must be seeing things.

Not only did she see Michael cooking, but he also peeled an egg for her.

It took her a while to process Michael's words. "Where? The hospital? Why do I need a check-up? I'm not sick."

Michael didn't want a child for three years, and now he was in a hurry to have one with her. This wasn't like grocery shopping; it wasn't that easy.

Michael gave her a deep look and said patiently, "How can we prepare for pregnancy without a check-up?"

"Who said I want to..." The ringing of her phone interrupted Isabella. She glared at Michael and looked down to see that it was Daniel calling.

Isabella was startled and quickly answered, "Grandpa?"

Daniel said, "Isabella, I just talked to Aiden. You need to go for the check-up later. I've already sent Chris to pick you up from the Brown Villa. Be good and don't throw a tantrum."

"Grandpa, I'm not throwing a tantrum. Besides, I'm in great health. There's nothing wrong with me," As she spoke, she glanced at Michael, knowing it must have been him who secretly told Daniel.

Otherwise, how could Daniel call right after Michael mentioned the check-up?

Daniel added, "You haven't gotten pregnant in three years. Aiden just sent me Michael's check-up report. He's in great shape. If you haven't had a child in three years, you must have done something behind our backs! Are you avoiding having a child so you can sneak out and have fun?"

Isabella was known for her love of fun when she was with the Wilson Family, and Daniel knew this well.

"Grandpa, I'm your biological granddaughter. Why are you siding with Michael instead of me?" Isabella was furious. What had Michael said to Daniel to make him believe everything he said?

It was clearly Michael who wouldn't cooperate with her, not even letting her into his bed. Otherwise, she wouldn't have been childless for three years. Now she had to take the blame for everything.

###chapter 101 Preconception Checkup

But what Isabella didn't know was that having a child was something Michael and Daniel had already discussed.

Today, she just happened to receive a call from Daniel.

After all, Daniel wanted Isabella to have a child more than anyone else.

Chris arrived quickly, and under the dual "instructions" of Aiden and Daniel, Isabella had no choice but to get into the car.

At the OGY, the doctor adjusted his glasses and routinely asked, "When was the last time you had sex?"

Hearing that, Isabella's mind went blank, and she thought that question was too direct.

She tried hard to remember the last time she was with Michael, but before she could speak, Michael answered first, "The 20th."

The doctor nodded and asked again, "What about your period?"

"It's usually at the beginning of the month, sometimes delayed," Michael added

Isabella felt somewhat uneasy. How did he even know when her period was?

The doctor glanced at the computer. "The date of sexual activity is not within the ovulation period. Next time, remember to have sex during this time. Of course, other times are also possible, and there is a chance of getting pregnant. But if you're in a hurry to have a child, have sex more frequently during the ovulation period."

Isabella was too shocked to speak, and her face turned blush with embarrassment.

Compared to her shock, Michael behind her seemed unusually calm. "When is her next ovulation day?"

Isabella stared at him in shock.

What did he mean by asking that? Did he really plan to have sex on that day without stopping?

The doctor calculated. "The 13th of next month. Try to have sex within three days before and after that date. The time is not restricted; daytime is also fine. After sex, don't get up immediately. Let the sperm stay in the body for about ten minutes."

Just hearing this made Isabella's ears burn.

If she had known that coming here for a check-up would be such torture, she wouldn't have come even if it killed her.

After listening to a series of instructions, Isabella quickly left the room.

Michael, afraid she might bump into someone, pulled her to his side. "Walk properly, what's the rush?"

Isabella's face was blush, and before she could retort, she heard a few young nurses looking at them and whispering while laughing.

"Look, isn't that Mr. Brown ? There's a rumor online that he has sexual dysfunction."

"I saw that news too. It's all nonsense. Just recently, Ms. Taylor came to the hospital for a check-up. Her lower body was swollen and slightly torn. If Mr. Brown couldn't perform, how did that happen?"

"Oh my God, Mr. Brown made Ms. Taylor tear. How intense must it have been in sex!"

The few of them whispered and laughed with blushing faces.

Isabella angrily glared at Michael, but his attention was entirely on the papers in his hand, not noticing the whispers around them.

Isabella, however, heard everything clearly.

"Isn't there a rumor online that they're getting divorced soon, that they'll be completely separated soon?"

"No way! My boyfriend works at a private men's clinic. He told me that Mr. Brown went there for a pre-pregnancy check-up. He checked everything, and the report was over ten pages long!"

Isabella gritted her teeth in anger, realizing Michael's tactics were indeed extraordinary.

The check-up report she received at the company the day before yesterday wasn't for checking any sexual dysfunction, but it was for preparing for pregnancy.

No wonder Daniel trusted him so much; his intentions were deep.

Outside the main entrance, Chris was waiting by the car. Seeing Isabella and Michael coming out one after the other, he promptly opened the back door for Isabella

As the CEO of the Brown Group, Michael had his own car and didn't need to ride in the Wilson Group's car.

The two of them were supposed to return to their respective companies.

Isabella finally found an opportunity not to be with Michael. She quickly walked towards her waiting car, hoping never to see Michael again.

Just as she was about to get in and close the door, a large hand blocked her way. "Where are you going?"

Isabella was stunned and looked at him in confusion. " Of course, I'm going back to the Wilson Group. Mr. Brown, do you think I'm as idle as you? There's a ton of work waiting for me at the company."

Emilio, the vice president, had just started his first day yesterday and was interrupted by him.

She hadn't even explained the workflow to him. Emilio had just joined the Wilson Group and needed her personal guidance to show the entire company his capabilities.

Otherwise, how could he establish authority and gain respect in the company?

"Who said I'm idle?" Michael frowned. Did she really think he was so irresponsible towards the company?

Isabella said perfunctorily, "Fine, you're busy too. Let's each do our own thing and not disturb each other, okay?"

As she spoke, she tried to push his hand away. Seeing that he didn't move, she secretly added more force, "Michael, I really don't like you constantly pestering me."

A simple sentence made Michael's heart tighten.

Given their relationship, he indeed had no reason or position to forcefully keep her.

But thinking about her rushing to the company, perhaps to see the distinguished Emilio, made Michael feel inexplicably uncomfortable.

He didn't want her to get too close to Emilio, thinking their relationship wasn't just a simple friendship.

The next second, Isabella took advantage of his distraction, pushed his hand away, quickly got in the car, and closed the door in a flash.

The whole process took less than five seconds.

The car made a turn and disappeared down the road.

Seeing Isabella so eager, Michael's face darkened, and his hand unconsciously clenched.

Was she in such a hurry to go to the company to see that man named Emilio?

Michael walked to the car, where Aaron had been waiting for a while. "Mr. Brown, are we heading back to the company?"

Originally, Michael's schedule for the day had been cleared to accompany Isabella for her check-up at the hospital, but he didn't expected that finished so quickly.

"No!" Michael transferred some money to Aaron on his phone. "Use this money to take a cab back. I have something to do."

After saying that, he got in the car and quickly drove off in the opposite direction.

Aaron stared at the amount, which was nearly a month's salary, in shock.

'Is Mr. Brown too happy or too angry? Why is he suddenly so generous?' He couldn't help but think.

Half an hour later, Michael's luxury car stopped outside the Starlit Tavern.

There were few people inside during the day since the bar's revelry happened at night.

Michael didn't care and casually found a seat, ordering the most expensive bottle of liquor.

After a drink, Michael's body temperature rose. He casually loosened his tie and the buttons on his shirt, revealing his sexy Adam's apple and collarbone.

Suddenly, a familiar figure entered his sight.

###chapter 102 Why Should She Swallow Her Pride?

The graceful figure, the familiar profile, and that stunning red dress, which made her look like Isabella extremely.

Shaking his head at the thought, Michael dismissed it.

Isabella was probably already at the company meeting up with Emilio; there was no way she could be here.

Thinking of that, Michael poured himself another glass of wine.

Just as he was about to drink, a sexy woman suddenly appeared beside him.

Holding a glass of red wine, she swayed her hips and stood in front of him, her red lips parting slightly. "Excuse me, may I sit here?"

As she spoke, the woman had already seated herself across from him. It was clear she was there for him.

Looking at the woman in front of him, who bore a slight resemblance to Isabella, and that eye-catching, sexy, cut-out mermaid red dress.

Michael squinted, realizing he had just mistaken her for Isabella.

Now that Isabella was busy with Emilio, she had probably forgotten all about him.

"Sure." Michael's eyes were deep, his voice indifferent, revealing no emotion.

Hearing his response, the woman smiled, leaned forward to clink glasses with him, her ample breasts pressing against the table, giving him a full view if he just looked down.

"Isn't it boring to drink alone at this hour? Want to join me?" The woman said.

"Join you in what?" Michael leaned back, the strong liquor he had just consumed adding a touch of gloom to his eyes.

If her earlier approach was casual, her current actions were a blatant attempt to seduce him.

Sensing that Michael hadn't explicitly rejected her, the woman leaned closer, her voice sultry and enticing. "Of course, to have some fun together, just the two of us. I guarantee you'll like it."

Michael smiled coldly, downed his drink, his eyes turning icy. "Really? How dare you say that?"?"

Unfazed, the woman reached out to play with Michael's tie, only to have her wrist caught by Michael, his gaze chilling to the bone. "Stay away from me!"

The woman was startled, her body stiffening, but to onlookers, it appeared as a flirtatious gesture between the two.

And Michael didn't resist, even seemed to enjoy it.

Not far away, a uniformed person glanced over and immediately dialed Isabella's number.

At that moment, Isabella was at the company discussing the Wilson Group's three-year plan with Emilio when her phone rang.

The caller's voice was low. "Ms. Taylor, Mr. Brown is at the bar."

Isabella was taken aback. "Forget it. It's not the first time."

In the years they had been married, Michael often went to bars when he didn't come home at night, and she had run into him at nightclubs several times.

Michael probably had memberships at all the bars in Evergreen City by now.

The subordinate cautiously added, "Ms. Taylor, Mr. Brown is currently sitting with a well-known sexy actress from the entertainment industry, and they seem very close."

Hearing this, Isabella's face immediately turned cold.

She thought he had changed his ways today, but he had gone to a bar to mess around with someone else.

Why should she have to listen to him during their divorce period, with all the check-ups and preparations for pregnancy, while he could go out and have fun? Was he in such a hurry to find a replacement after sending Bianca away?

Furious, Isabella clenched the project plan in her hand tightly, thinking she wouldn't swallow this anger.

Ethan made a sharp turn and parked his motorcycle outside the bar.

Holding his helmet, he strode inside.

When Michael called him, he had just finished two races, but the highway was far from the city, so by the time he arrived, it was half an hour past the agreed time.

When Ethan walked over, Michael had already drunk a lot, with an empty row of bottles in front of him.

"Mr. Brown, what kind of emotional crisis have you encountered to be this upset?" Ethan mocked.

The only one who could drive Michael to drink like this was Isabella, who was pushing for a divorce.

But what intrigued Ethan was what kind of trick Isabella had used that left Michael with no options.

Seeing Ethan, Michael's eyes lifted slightly. "Sit down and drink, don't ask questions you shouldn't."

Ethan complied and sat down, even if Michael didn't say, he could guess. It must be Isabella who had angered him again.

Thinking of the previously unremarkable Isabella, who suddenly revealed her identity as the Wilson Family's heiress before the divorce, even he was shocked.

Let alone Michael, who had been kept in the dark for three years.

However, Michael was still reasonable. Isabella's insistence on divorcing Michael was ultimately Michael's own doing.

He didn't cherish Isabella, and now it was too late for regrets.

Michael drank one glass after another, and Ethan, seeing this, tried to stop him. "Stop drinking! If something's bothering you, just say it. Keeping it inside is painful."

"There's nothing to say."

Ethan raised an eyebrow. "Is it because of Isabella? Regretting neglecting her for three years? Or regretting the divorce?"

Michael's lips curled into a bitter smile, and he realized he really regretted it.

But no matter what kind of regret, he couldn't win her back.

The liquor in his glass swirled, and Michael, feeling agitated, could only suppress it with more alcohol.

Suddenly, a loud slap echoed in front of them.

A bright red figure fell to the ground, her hands clutching Michael's pant leg. "Help me..."

Michael looked down; it was the same woman who had tried to seduce him earlier.

Before he could reach out, a burly man with a rough voice cursed. "So you're the one who touched my woman. Don't you know who I am? I'll kill you."

The man's eyes were fierce, and seeing Michael's face, which was more attractive than a woman's, he twisted his expression and swung a punch.

Michael, in a foul mood, welcomed the chance to vent his frustration.

Just as he was about to get up and stretch, the beaten woman quickly got up and shielded Michael. "We only exchanged a few words. He didn't do anything. Don't touch him!"

Michael frowned, thinking this woman was crazy.

"I knew you two were up to something. You slut, daring to seduce other men? I'll beat you to death today." The burly man raised his hand for a slap, the woman closed her eyes tightly but still shielded Michael.

Seeing the slap about to land, Michael frowned and was about to intervene when a cold laugh interrupted them. "Seems I came at a bad time, Mr. Brown, sorry to interrupt you rescue of this beauty?"

Isabella walked in, dressed in a black business suit.

Her high heels clicked with each step, resonating in everyone's hearts. Her exquisite makeup and high ponytail exuded an unapproachable, fierce beauty.

###chapter 103 Playing a Game

Isabella's sarcastic gaze naturally shifted from Michael to the woman standing in front of him.

Heavy makeup, delicate features, sexy, and wearing a backless dress with cutouts.

Isabella couldn't help but think, 'Since when does Michael start liking this type of glamorous woman? Isn't he always into the pure type like Bianca? Or has his tastes changed?'

But after a few more glances, Isabella couldn't help but frown.

She thought she might be seeing things, realizing this woman seemed to resemble her more.

At that moment, Isabella's appearance caused a stir in the bar, even the people at the bar counter came over just to see her.

"Is it really her, the heiress from the Wilson Family? She's so beautiful and elegant!"

"No wonder there are so many posts about her online. She's the heiress of the Wilson Group, and now she owns half of the Brown Group's shares. After the divorce, she's free from family constraints. It's just too comfortable."

"I really hope I can live a life like that someday."

Isabella had heard enough of the online comments to be numb to them, so she no longer paid attention to them.

What she was focused on now was what that woman was up to. In just a few minutes of chaos, the burly man who was about to hit someone had disappeared.

And the woman Michael had saved was now standing pitifully beside him.

Seeing her approach, the woman consciously stepped aside. "Ms. Taylor, it's not what you think between Mr. Brown and me. He just saved me."

After speaking, she bit her lip and looked at Michael, as if she wanted to say something but hesitated.

As if if Michael hadn't intervened, she would have been beaten to death by that man.

What she didn't know was that Michael couldn't intervene for her, and besides, he hadn't even had time to act before Isabella arrived.

Isabella recognized this woman, who was a celebrity in the entertainment industry, Amelia Johnson, becoming famous through an adult film. But she lacked talent and hadn't had much popularity since.

However, Isabella wasn't here because she cared about Michael; on the contrary, she cared about whether Michael was clean, as she wanted his child.

If he messed around and got a disease, she would be implicated.

"Isabella, sit over here." Ethan, being very perceptive, got up and offered his seat.

Isabella didn't go over immediately but waited a few seconds until Emilio, who had parked the car, walked in.

She had planned to come alone, but Emilio was worried about her coming to such a place, so he came along.

The booth was large, and the two of them sitting side by side didn't feel crowded.

Seeing Emilio, Michael's face instantly turned cold.

He wished he could punch him to vent his anger and make him stay away from Isabella.

"Isabella, why do you bring him here?" Michael's face was dark, and his voice was deep. His anger was evident on his face.

"Mr. Brown, this is a bar, not your home. If you can come, why can't we? Besides, Emilio is my friend. Isn't it normal for him to accompany me?Aren't you also with someone? " After speaking, Isabella glanced at Amelia beside him, the sarcasm in her smile couldn't be more obvious.

He had the nerve to criticize others when he couldn't control his own desires?

Michael squinted his eyes. "Isabella, did you come here specifically for me?"

"Mr. Brown, you're overthinking. Didn't you see I brought someone? I came here just to relax. Who knew I'd run into you?"

Hearing that, Michael's face turned extremely dark.

Amelia, caught in the middle, looked embarrassed. She had already found out that Michael and Isabella were in the process of divorcing, making this the perfect time for her to win over Michael.

Even if it meant risking offending Isabella, she had to take a chance.

She stepped forward and explained to Isabella, "Ms. Taylor, you really misunderstood. My ex-boyfriend came to cause trouble, and Mr. Brown stepped in to help me. It's really not what you think between us.If you can't stand me, I'll leave right now. "

As she spoke, Amelia's eyes reddened with grievance.

Her body trembled slightly, as if she was about to cry in the next second.

Just as she was about to leave, her wrist was grabbed, and with a slight force, Michael pulled her into his arms.

Amelia gasped in surprise, but seeing it was Michael, she bit her lip and sat beside him.

However, Michael's gaze was fixed on Isabella across from him. "You're right, I did find someone to accompany me. So what?"

Surrounded by Michael's domineering yet pleasant scent, Amelia blushed, letting him hold her hand and obediently leaning on his shoulder.

Isabella had already anticipated seeing Michael being intimate with another woman before she came.

But actually witnessing him disregard her feelings so blatantly, a pang of bitterness spread in her heart.

She must have been crazy to believe he would change.

But at this moment, Michael still wanted to hurt her. "Since you didn't come specifically for me, then please leave. Don't disturb my fun."

Michael's faintly mocking tone seemed to have guessed Isabella's purpose for coming.

Not only did he not care, but he also found it uninteresting.

Isabella gritted her teeth secretly, showing no trace on her face, leaning back with an air of pressure.

Isabella gritted her teeth secretly, showing no trace on her face, leaning back with an air of pressure. "Mr. Brown, you can play with whoever you want, no one dares to stop you. It's just that the place is a bit small, and I'm afraid you can't let loose. If you are short on money, I can use my card to get a room for you two. It's better than performing for others out here, isn't it?"

Hearing that, Michael's brow twitched hard.

However, Isabella's gaze had already shifted to Amelia, with a meaningful smile on her lips. "Ms. Johnson, I have to remind you, you're aiming in the wrong direction!"

"Do you know Bianca?" Isabella deliberately mentioned in front of Michael. "Bianca, the pure type, is what he likes. If you try to seduce him by imitating me, what if he can't perform halfway through?"

"Isabella, who are you saying 'can't perform'?"

"Isabella, what do you mean?" Michael slammed the table in anger.

It was just that one time he finished quickly during their sex, did she have to bring it up in front of everyone?

"Am I wrong?" Isabella sneered.

Sensing the tension between the two rising, Ethan, standing by, quickly stepped in to mediate. "Well, since everyone coincidentally ran into each other and knows each other, why not play a game to lighten the mood? Let's play the most popular drinking game in Evergreen City right now. Draw a ball with a number, if it's odd, the person drink and answer a question. If it's even, they can command anyone in the game to do anything. How about it?"

"

Ethan could see through Michael's actions clearly, who was deliberately using Amelia to provoke Isabella.

But if he pushed too far, Ethan was sure Michael would regret it more than anyone. So he had to use some tactics to keep Isabella here.

Hearing about the game, Isabella raised an eyebrow and turned to ask Emilio beside her, "Emilio, do you want to play?"

Emilio smiled at her, glanced at Michael, and said indulgently, "It's up to you, I'm fine with anything."

###chapter 104 A Different Kind of Thrill

Unintentionally seeing Michael's gloomy face, Isabella sneered coldly and deliberately added fuel to the fire. "Emilio, you don't have to accommodate me in everything. If you don't like it here, we can go somewhere else. I still owe you dinner from last night, don't I?"

She wanted Michael to know that she didn't need him, and there was still other men in her side.

And the one who suggested this game was Ethan. What he wanted was obvious to anyone.

Ethan just wanted to indirectly get the truth out of her and Michael, especially Michael.

If it were before, she might have wanted to know.

But now, she had no interest in Michael as a person, let alone his true feelings.

Emilio smiled. "Since we're here, Mr. Brown, how about play a round?"?"

As soon as he finished speaking, there was a gasp from outside.

With Emilio speaking up, Michael had no choice but to participate this time.

Clearly, Michael and Isabella were a married couple, yet they were each sitting next to someone else. Such a provocative scene was extremely rare.

Seeing this, everyone started commenting on Emilio next to Isabella and Amelia next to Michael, comparing who matched better.

After looking around, they still found that Michael and Isabella, the original couple, matched best.

Ethan ignored the crowd and secretly gave Michael a look.

Michael understood instantly, but he was already infuriated by Emilio's words. He not only wanted to participate in the game but also wanted to crush them.

He stared at Isabella and Emilio's interaction, his eyes fierce. "Let's start."

Amelia, who was there for Michael, naturally followed whatever he said.

Ethan had someone bring a small box filled with small balls.

Randomly picking, whether they could grab an even-numbered ball depended on luck.

The first ball was picked by Isabella.

Seeing the number was three, she decisively poured herself a glass of wine, then raised an eyebrow at Ethan, "Ask away."

It was just a question, and Ethan wouldn't dare go too far.

Ethan's eyes lit up. "Okay, my question is, Isabella, who was your first sex with, and is that person here?"

Ethan was clearly siding with Michael, starting off with such a sensitive topic.

But with so many people watching, she couldn't go back on her word.

Isabella squinted her eyes, her peripheral vision falling on Michael, who was also looking at her. She bit her lip and coldly said, "Yes."

There was a collective gasp.

Ethan continued to press, "Can you describe this person, or is there a memorable moment or action from them?"

As long as Isabella mentioned something related to Michael, there was still a chance to change their relationship. As a friend, this was all he could do.

Everyone was waiting for Isabella's answer.

However, Isabella smiled brightly. "Answer finished, next round."

Trying to get her to fall for it, Ethan still underestimated Isabella.

Hearing this, everyone sighed.

They thought they would hear a more exciting answer, but Isabella dodged it.

The game restarted.

This time it was Emilio, who drew a seven.

Ethan raised an eyebrow and started the question after Emilio drank, "Is the person you like here?"

Since Emilio appeared, Michael's hostility hadn't subsided.

As long as they knew whether Emilio and Isabella had an intimate relationship, Michael and Isabella's relationship could be eased.

But the next second, Emilio's answer shocked everyone. "She's right next to me. I've liked her for a long time, but she doesn't know."

Emilio directly confessed through the game.

Michael's face across from him turned extremely grim, and even Isabella was stunned.

Before she could ask anything, Michael grabbed the box and pulled out a number, it was ten.

Ethan coughed lightly, quickly bringing everyone back to the game. "An even number appeared. Now the winner can assign a task to anyone in the game, and the person cannot refuse."

Michael raised an eyebrow, his gaze fixed on Isabella. "I want you to come with me now."

He didn't want Isabella to be with Emilio for even a second.

However, Isabella refused. "Why should I? I'm not going."

Who knew if he would go crazy if she went with him.

Michael sneered. "Okay. Then let's change the game. Pick a man from the scene to kiss you for five minutes."

"You!" Isabella gritted her teeth and glared at him.

"I have gave you a chance, but you didn't cherish it." He was sure Isabella wouldn't choose anyone else, expect for him.

Ethan understood Michael's intention instantly. After all, Isabella's love for Michael wasn't just talk. Maybe Isabella would still choose Michael in the end.

But unfortunately, the game they coordinated ended in failure.

Isabella sighed lightly, as if mocking, and looked at Michael. "Isn't it just finding a man?"

Under everyone's shocked gaze, she moved her eyes from Michael to Emilio next to her.

Their eyes met, and Isabella's gentle smile clearly showed her choice.

Ethan was dumbfounded, realizing this wasn't what he expected.

How could Isabella give up on Michael and choose someone else? It was a kiss, and in front of everyone. Emilio just said he liked her, and Isabella changed her mind.

Michael's aura was extremely low, staring at Isabella's actions, as if he would punch Emilio if she dared to kiss him.

Amelia, sitting next to him, didn't forget to speak, "A five-minute kiss, Ms. Taylor, you seem to have chosen her favorite."

Facing Isabella's actions, Emilio was excited. He had just taken the opportunity to speak his true feelings.

If Isabella didn't respond, he wouldn't bring it up again.

But now, he wanted to be impulsive.

Emilio held her hand, full of deep affection and longing. "Isabella, I'm glad you chose me."

The scene was in an uproar.

Everyone shouted, "Kiss, kiss."

The atmosphere was out of control, and even Ethan couldn't do anything.

Who would have thought Michael would harm himself and give the opportunity to Emilio.

Michael's face grew darker, his hands clenched tightly at his sides. 

'Does she like this Emilio so much? Like him enough to kiss him in front of everyone,' He thought.

Suddenly, Michael slammed his fist on the table, the loud noise interrupting the affectionate gaze and the atmosphere.

He stared at Isabella's face, holding back, and finally said nothing, getting up and walking out.

###chapter 105 The Kiss Interrupted

"Mr. Brown..." Amelia called out, quickly chasing after him. "Why didn't you wait for me? Didn't we agree to have a drink together? I'll join you, okay?"

Michael paused for a moment and surprisingly didn't refuse. "Alright, let's go have a drink."

Amelia's face lit up with joy as she linked arms with him and walked out the door.

Isabella saw everything.

In the end, Michael still took Amelia away.

Inside, everyone was stunned.

He was also the heir of the Brown Group, and Isabella had rejected him on the spot, choosing Emilio as the kissing partner instead. How could Michael stand that?

Ethan told everyone to disperse; with Michael gone, there was no need to continue the game.

He didn't want Isabella and Michael to have a complete falling out over a game.

Since he started this, he naturally had to finish it.

Considering what Ethan had just done, Isabella couldn't let him off so easily.

Seeing the crowd disperse, Isabella smiled and said, "They left, but I haven't called off the game yet. Aren't we supposed to kiss for five minutes? Are you sure you don't want to watch?"

The crowd, who had come to watch the excitement, widened their eyes again.

Ethan's face turned pale with fear.

If Isabella really kissed Emilio, even for just a second, Michael would kill him later.

"Isabella, let's not make a scene," Ethan said.

But this time, Isabella had already decided to live differently.

Since Michael had no feelings for her, she shouldn't let herself continue to fall.

She was divorced and needed to move forward.

Now, taking this opportunity, she could show Michael that she was ending their relationship.

She knew Emilio had feelings for her; otherwise, he wouldn't have come back from abroad to help her just because of a word from her. But she was unaware of his long-time crush on her.

However, she decided to give it a try.

With that thought, Isabella looked at Emilio again. Just one look, and she could clearly feel how excited he was.

But just as she was about to kiss those thin lips, she felt a pang of guilt.

Using Emilio as a weapon to break free from Michael was unfair to him.

Suppressing her thoughts, Isabella lifted her chin, closed her eyes, and moved closer to Emilio.

She didn't want to think about Michael anymore.

Just as her lips were about to touch that gentle breath, something stopped her, and she had to open her eyes.

It was Emilio, pressing his forehead against hers, their breaths mingling.

There was no trace of desire in Emilio's eyes, and his voice was as gentle as ever. "Isabella, don't force yourself. I'll drink the penalty."

The more considerate and tender he was, the more it pained Isabella.

Emilio thought she was just trying to complete the game.

But what she cared about was never the penalty drink; it was her useless heart.

She knew Michael didn't care, yet she kept jumping back in.

Michael had already taken Amelia to some bar or hotel; why was she still torturing herself?

Isabella took a deep breath, raised her slender arm to wrap around Emilio's neck, and pulled him closer, looking at him with a seductive gaze. "Emilio, it's not about the drink. I want to give it a try."

Emilio's body stiffened, his eyes shining with a strange light, and he wrapped his arms around Isabella, thinking he had finally received her response.

Meanwhile, Ethan was almost jumping with anxiety.

Watching Isabella and Emilio get intimate was no different from a death sentence for him.

He clearly understood Michael's look before he left.

"Isabella, Michael and the others have left. The game is over. How about we continue another time?" Ethan braced himself to intervene.

He had just heard Emilio volunteer to drink the penalty; why was Isabella now unwilling to end it?

However, Isabella had no intention of continuing another time. From today on, she and Michael were done.

"Mr. Martinez, you started the game. It's not your style to call it off midway. Besides, I'm not someone who can't handle losing. I admit defeat, okay?"

"Well said!"

"Kiss!"

Amid the crowd's cheers, Isabella turned her face, placed her index finger on Emilio's lips, and lifted her head to kiss him.

Everyone held their breath, taking out their phones to capture this thrilling moment.

The two got closer and closer, and Isabella wrapped her arms around Emilio's neck.

Just as their lips were about to touch, a phone rang from between them, breaking the atmosphere.

Both of them were stunned, and it seemed they had woken up from the impulsive kiss.

The crowd looked disappointed, but Ethan was so excited he almost celebrated.

The ringing came from Emilio's pocket. His eyes showed a hint of regret; after all, he was just a second away from kissing Isabella.

But seeing the number on the phone, he quickly answered, and as the voice on the other end grew more urgent, his face turned grim.

Isabella noticed something was wrong and asked after he hung up, "What happened?"

She had never seen Emilio so angry.

He had been educated as a gentleman for years, coming from a noble family abroad. No matter what happened, he was always composed. What could make him so anxious?

Emilio pressed his lips together and didn't say much in front of others, only mentioning, "Something happened at the company."

Just a few words made Isabella's heart skip a beat.

If Emilio mentioned it, it must be something significant. As the CEO of the Wilson Group, she couldn't ignore it.

Isabella immediately put on a serious expression. "I'll go with you. Let's leave now."

With a serious matter at hand, the previous events naturally became unimportant.

Just as she stood up, Ethan stopped her. "Isabella, I think you're confused. If it were a major issue, the company would have contacted you first. Since the call went to Emilio, it means the company only wants to reach him. If you go with him, standing there as the CEO, how can Emilio handle it and establish his authority in the company?"

As he spoke, Ethan discreetly pulled Isabella's hand away from Emilio's clothes.

He had finally managed to separate the two. If they went back to handle the issue and stayed up all night together, who knew what would happen again with just the two of them.

Ethan's intention was to stop Isabella, but his words indeed reminded her.

Emilio was now the vice president of the company. If she handled everything before him, the senior management's trust in him would significantly diminish, not to mention his future authority.

###chapter 106 Refusing to Admit

Moreover, it was a critical period for Emilio taking over the company now. Even for his sake, she couldn't interfere too much.

So Isabella left the choice to Emilio. "Emilio, can you handle this?"

Although she believed he had the capability, everything needed time to prove itself, and she had to let him do it.

Emilio understood the importance of the Wilson Group to Isabella, and he wouldn't risk this trust.

He was confident he could handle it, so she didn't need to be there.

"Yes, wait for my news." Emilio didn't hesitate, glanced at the time. "Time is tight, I must rush back to the company now. You'll have to go back alone."

They had come in one car, and if he took it, Isabella would have to take a taxi or have a driver pick her up.

Her mood had just been affected, and he worried she might overthink when alone.

But now he had to go back to the company to handle the issue first.

Isabella shook her head at him. "I'm fine, you go ahead, I'll wait for your call."

Emilio left quickly, and the game was completely over.

Ethan offered to take her home, but Isabella refused.

She wasn't close to Ethan, and she hadn't forgotten how he sided with Michael during the game. She didn't want to get involved with him anymore.

So she went out and took a taxi back.

The recent events had happened too suddenly, and now that she had time to think, Isabella realized something was off.

The company was fine when she left, and if there were any issues, Chris and Jesse would have contacted her first. Why did the call go to Emilio? And the timing coincided with Michael's departure.

As soon as he left, the Wilson Group had an issue.

And they specifically wanted Emilio to handle it.

This was no coincidence; it was clearly Michael using his power to create trouble.

Thinking of this, Isabella was filled with anger.

Why could he take Amelia away whenever he wanted, but she faced obstacles whenever she tried to take a step forward?

Isabella clenched her fists in anger, wanting to curse Michael, but she didn't even know where he was.

The more she thought about it, the angrier she got.

Fortunately, it wouldn't be long before she was free.

Once they divorced, she would take Daniel abroad, and hopefully, not see Michael for years.

As she reached the front gate and raised her hand to hail a taxi, a black sports car suddenly pulled up in front of her before she could see who it was.

The door opened, and she was pulled inside.

The car drove straight to Michael's villa outside the city.

Michael carried her out, and before she could struggle, she was dragged inside and pinned against the door.

Michael's breath was heavy above her head. "Isabella, there better not be a next time. If I see you getting close to Emilio again, believe me, I'll kill him!"

From the moment he saw Emilio at the Wilson Group, Michael knew Emilio had different feelings for Isabella.

?

However, Isabella had even brought him into the company as her vice president, and even kissed him publicly.

She would rather choose Emilio than him.

If he hadn't left, Michael didn't know if he would have lost control on the spot, maybe even gone mad in front of her.

He didn't want her to have any more resentment towards him.

He truly regretted it, but Isabella wouldn't give him another chance any more.

It was afternoon, and the heavy curtains blocked all the light. In the dim hallway, Isabella's cold and indifferent voice slowly sounded. "Michael, you're too arrogant. Do you plan to kill every man who appears around me? What if I change men every day?"

"Isabella, don't try to provoke me!" Michael's voice was hoarse and deep, but Isabella didn't care anymore.

His coldness had long extinguished all her hopes and passion.

"You chose the game, but I choose the outcome. Just like our marriage, when I loved you, I could use all my passion to please you. But now, I don't love you anymore, and you can't hold me. You have the right to find someone else, why can't I?" Isabella's voice was neither loud nor soft, but the coldness and decisiveness in her words made Michael feel like a heavy stone was pressing on his heart that he could hardly breathe.

Isabella had been here a few times and was familiar with the place.

She fumbled behind her for a moment and found the switch. The light from the hallway illuminated their figures clearly.

Michael's face was also clearly visible in front of her.

Indeed, she should be the one angry, but now she was the one bearing his sudden fury.

Even in his rage, Michael's exquisite features were still captivating, his broad shoulders and narrow waist flawless.

But this time, Isabella had no interest in admiring him.

She escaped from his grasp, walked to the couch in the living room, and sat down with her arms crossed, looking more like the owner of the place than he did.

Michael frowned, quickly followed, and stopped in front of her, coldly warning, "Isabella, let him go, leave the Wilson Group, or I'll make sure he can never enter the country again."

Michael's tone was extremely threatening.

Even though Emilio had a prestigious status abroad, Michael had ways to ensure Emilio couldn't stay by Isabella's side.

But Michael seemed to forget that the current Isabella was no longer the one who only had eyes for him, who was now the heiress to the Wilson Group.

AlthoughMichael's name carried significant weight in Evergreen City and even the entire southern Valoria, the Wilson Family wasn't to be trifled with.

She wasn't afraid of him, nor afraid to go against him.

The Wilson Family had the power to confront him.

However, she asked, "Michael, what exactly did Emilio do to provoke you that you target him so much?"

"Or are you jealous because of him!" Isabella's words were light, but they exploded in Michael's ears like a bomb.

Not only did she not believe Michael would be jealous because of her closeness to Emilio, even Michael himself couldn't believe it.

He couldn't stand Isabella falling for another man, nor could he imagine her divorcing him and sleeping with another man.

Whether it was Emilio or not, he couldn't accept that she no longer belonged to him.

Realizing Emilio was the most likely candidate, Michael went to great lengths to prevent them from being together.

But even though his actions were obvious, Michael still wouldn't admit it. "Isabella, we only signed an agreement, we haven't really divorced. Kissing Emilio in front of me, do you want to be on the front page tomorrow, or do you want our olders to find you and question you? My dignity will be trampled by you!"

###chapter 107 Causing a Scene Outside the Company Building

Isabella sneered upon hearing this. "After all that talk, do you dare admit that Emilio's sudden return to the company wasn't your doing?"

No wonder she suspected him; besides their relationship, he was the only one who could control the Wilson Group.

But she still underestimated Michael's shamelessness.

He had no intention of covering for himself. "It was me. So what?"

Emilio dared to snatch Isabella; it was already lenient that he didn't go harder on him.

"Michael, I really misjudged you!" Hearing his indifferent tone, Isabella's long-suppressed anger ignited. "You're the CEO of a corporation. Have you considered the company's reputation? Have you not thought about the consequences of doing this?"

Even if the Brown Group wasn't a company he founded himself, the century-old foundation of the Brown Group was the effort of several generations. How could he casually use it as a tool for personal revenge?

"If I didn't do this, the consequence would be the image of you and Emilio kissing appearing on Evergreen City's news headlines tomorrow." Michael sneered. "At that point, the company's reputation would truly be at risk. I preemptively killed the worst outcome at the start. Did I do wrong? Or do you insist on everyone seeing you and Emilio kissing on the spot before you're satisfied?"

He didn't regret making that call at all.

If Emilio didn't disappear, how would she leave with him?

Isabella wouldn't believe a word of Michael's twisted logic.

Michael claimed it was for the company and the family's reputation, but it was really his pride that was hurt, and he couldn't swallow his pride.

"Michael, don't forget, we're already getting a divorce. The only reason we haven't completely fallen out is out of respect for our elders. Do you think it's funny to use that to control me now? What right do you have to restrict my right to date others?" Isabella's chest heaved with anger.

Michael had really gone too far this time.

This time he used his power to trouble Emilio. She couldn't imagine if next time, he would use the entire Wilson Group to force her to compromise.

Michael's eyes darkened, "Just because I'm your husband, Isabella. I'll say it one last time, keep that Emilio away from you. If I see him touch you again, I have ways to make him leave the country."

After saying that, he didn't wait for Isabella to speak and slammed the door as he left the house.

In the large house, only Isabella was left. "Michael, you bastard! You can't even control yourself, what right do you have to control me!"

The pillow on the couch was thrown by Isabella to the entrance.

With Michael's door-slamming action, it hit the door and fell to the ground.

That night, Michael didn't come back.

Isabella lay on the big bed in the bedroom. As soon as she closed her eyes, Michael's angry face and Emilio's hurt and regretful eyes kept appearing in front of her.

It was only in the quiet that she realized how wrong she was.

She knew her feelings hadn't completely detached from Michael, yet in a moment of impulse, she made that impulsive invitation to Emilio, and even said she wanted to give it a try with him.

She knew very well how good Emilio was; she shouldn't have treated him like that.

Even if it was to start a new relationship, she should have completely ended things with Michael first before accepting new feelings.

What happened during the day was her impulsiveness.

Realizing what happened during the day was her impulsiveness, she should apologize to Emilio.

She shouldn't have used his kindness to provoke Michael.

Early the next morning, Isabella rushed to the company.

Last night she thought about calling Emilio to ask about the situation, but on second thought, she gave up. She didn't want to put any pressure on him.

Since she decided to let him take over the position of vice president, she should give Emilio enough trust.

But when she arrived at his office and was about to knock, she saw Emilio asleep on the couch, and her guilt deepened.

He was still wearing yesterday's clothes, indicating he had been busy at the company all night and hadn't left.

She put down the breakfast she bought on the way, didn't disturb him, and returned to her office.

Not long after she sat down, Jesse came in to report.

Isabella also wanted to hear what happened yesterday.

"Ms. Taylor, Mr. Blair is very capable. Not only did he keep things from leaking out, but he also resolved everything."

Isabella nodded, but seeing Emilio's condition, she could guess.

Whatever exhausted him to the point of collapsing at the company was no trivial matter.

"Go inform Emilio to take the day off and go home to rest," Isabella ordered.

She didn't bring Emilio to the Wilson Group to work himself to exhaustion, and she also had responsibility for what happened yesterday.

She would find a suitable opportunity to personally apologize to him.

Jesse took the order and left.

At noon, the receptionist called Isabella. "Ms. Taylor, two people barged in insisting on seeing you. They claim to be your biological parents and won't leave until they see you."

These two looked fierce, and the receptionist didn't dare not report it.

The only people who dared to claim to be her parents were Indigo and Harper, no one else.

But she didn't expect them to come to the Wilson Group to find her.

After she left the apartment following her argument with Michael that day, she had her subordinates monitor the Taylor Family, but Bianca disappeared the next day.

Indigo and Harper's arrival was timely; if they knew Bianca's whereabouts, it would be them.

"Let them wait!" Hanging up, Isabella went straight downstairs.

In the reception hall, Indigo and Harper sat arrogantly on the couch, ordering the receptionist, "What are you standing there for? Go get the best tea. Can't you see we're thirsty?"

Hearing that, the receptionist was stunned.

Harper rolled her eyes and spoke in a sharp, harsh voice, "Are you deaf? Didn't you hear on the phone that we're Ms. Taylor's biological parents? If you keep dawdling, I'll have you all fired in a second."

Knowing she couldn't afford to offend Harper, the receptionist nodded. "Okay, I'll get the tea right away."

"Stop!" Harper glanced at her. "Who knows what kind of low-grade tea you have here. I want orange juice, freshly squeezed. Hurry up, or I'll get annoyed if I wait too long."

The receptionist looked troubled. "Ma'am, we don't have freshly squeezed juice here."

Harper's face twisted. "If you don't have it, go buy it. The company doesn't pay you to stand around. I'll give you ten minutes. If I don't get it, you'll be out of a job."

Isabella walked over from the elevator and witnessed Indigo and Harper bullying her receptionist.

The receptionist saw her and looked nervous. "Ms. Taylor."

"It's okay, you can go back. I'll handle this." Isabella gave her a look, signaling her not to worry.

The receptionist quickly left, closing the door behind her.

Isabella walked to the main seat, pulled out a chair, and slowly sat down, raising her eyebrows as she looked at the two in front of her. "Coming to my company early in the morning to cause trouble and expecting my people to serve you, have you lost your minds?"

###chapter 108 Then Call the Police

She left someone to monitor them and report back, saying that Indigo had covered all the windows at home, not letting any light in.

They hid at home every day, not daring to step out.

How come Indigo was so bold today, daring to come to her company and cause trouble?

Seeing that Isabella wasn't giving them any face, Harper immediately stood up and angrily cursed at her, "What do you mean? Don't play dumb with me. You know exactly why we're here."

A cold glint flashed in Isabella's eyes as she stared at Harper, causing her to retract her outstretched hand in fear.

After all, this was the Wilson Group, and more importantly, Isabella's territory.

Now that she had transformed into the high and mighty heiress of the Wilson Group, they only dared to verbally bully Isabella. If they truly angered her, they wouldn't stand a chance against the security outside.

Isabella sneered, "Why should I know your purpose here? Are we that close?"

Harper knew she couldn't win against Isabella and didn't want to waste time.

She directly asked, "Give us Bianca back, and we won't hold this against you."

Isabella raised an eyebrow, surprised that Harper brought it up first.

Since that was the case, there was no need to hide anything.

Isabella replied, "Shouldn't I be the one asking you that? Where is Bianca? I've been looking for her for a long time, and she hasn't shown up. As her parents, I don't believe you have no contact with her."

Hearing this, Harper's eyes widened, "Isabella, you're the one who hid Bianca, and now you're asking us for her? How shameless can you be? If anything happens to Bianca, I won't let you off."

Indigo chimed in, "That's right, Bianca is important to us. If anything happens to her, you won't get away with it."

"And we're old now, with no money. You don't care about our well-being. We need Bianca to rely on for the rest of our lives. If we can't find her, we're not leaving today." Indigo wiped the corners of his eyes, pretending to be heartbroken over Bianca.

Harper held his hand, glaring at Isabella even more viciously. "Even your dad is saying this. Either you hand over Bianca and give us a hefty compensation, and we'll let this go, or..."

"Or what?" Isabella interrupted coldly, leaning back in her chair. "Bianca ran away from you. You couldn't keep an eye on her, and now you have the nerve to ask me for compensation? You really don't deserve to be parents. And you say I hid Bianca. Where's the evidence?"

Her people had followed Michael several times recently and hadn't seen Bianca with him, indicating that Bianca's hiding place was related to Indigo and Harper.

They hid Bianca and now came to her, making a big scene.

Pushing all the responsibility onto others was something they had perfected.

At the mention of evidence, Harper and Indigo exchanged a nervous glance.

If Isabella hadn't hidden Bianca, then it must have been Michael.

But they didn't dare to confront Michael, so they came to Isabella. Even if they couldn't find Bianca, extorting some money from Isabella would be good.

They didn't believe Michael would really harm Bianca.

Harper gritted her teeth, determined to take something. "Of course, we have evidence. Why else would we come to you? You kidnapped Bianca, and now you dare to say you did nothing. You should know kidnapping is a crime. If you don't release Bianca today, I'll have you sent to the police. I have nothing to lose, but you do. You represent the entire Wilson Family. If this gets out, it won't end well for you."

Harper was convinced that Isabella wouldn't dare call the police.

But Isabella's eyes lit up, and she smirked. "You can call the cop right now. I won't stop you, and I'm not afraid of the consequences."

Harper was at a loss for words. She had planned to get some information from Isabella and maybe some money, without expecting she would actually dare to call the police.

Isabella took out her phone. "If you won't call, I will. I'll have the cop investigate what Bianca did before she disappeared. There are cameras everywhere; it won't be hard to find out."

When she was about to press the dial button, Harper panicked.

She rushed forward to stop her. "What are you doing? Don't think I don't know how you high-society people operate. With the Wilson Group's influence in the eastern part of Valoria, you've probably already bought off those people. Even if the cop come, do you think they'll arrest you? They might even help you put on a show and pin the blame on us."

Harper was certain that Isabella had already colluded with those people.

Isabella spread her hands. "I've cooperated with you, but you don't want to call the cop. I've said Bianca isn't with me. If you want to find her, look elsewhere. Don't interfere with my work. But let me make it clear, the Wilson Group always operates above board. Stop slandering us with talk of bribing the cop. If there's any public opinion about this in the future, I'll sue you on behalf of the company!"

Isabella's tone was calm, but her threat was unmistakable.

She no longer considered Indigo her father. If they dared to harm the Wilson Group, she wouldn't let them off.

Harper wanted to curse back, but facing Isabella's sharp gaze, she didn't dare say another word.

Isabella stretched her neck, losing patience. "Ten seconds. If I see you again, I'll have you thrown out."

Her expression was cold, and it was clear she wasn't joking.

Suddenly, Indigo sighed, his eyes reddening. "Isabella, do you not even recognize me as your father anymore?"

His voice was hoarse, filled with unspeakable sadness and pain, but Isabella felt nothing but exasperation.

Honestly, Indigo's acting wasn't as good as Harper's. At least Harper knew how to read the room.

Seeing Isabella's lack of response, Indigo forced out a couple of tears. "I know you've resented me all these years, but I had no choice. Your mother died when I was still young. I couldn't spend my life alone with just one child. Now that you're divorced, you should understand how I felt back then."

Isabella couldn't help but twitch her mouth.

How could Indigo have the nerve to say such things? He even found a justification for his infidelity? And he wanted her to understand him? It was really ridiculous.

###chapter 109 Have You Figured Out What I Said Yesterday?

Isabella was at her wit's end. "Indigo, do you even hear yourself? If you can't say anything nice, just shut up."

She really didn't have the energy to watch him put on a show.

Indigo, seeing Isabella's displeasure, quickly changed his approach.

With a very humble demeanor, he said, "Isabella, what I mean is, no matter what, we are still family. Our blood ties can't be severed. I love you, and you will always be my best daughter."

Isabella smiled sarcastically. "If I'm your good daughter, then what about Bianca, whom you were just asking me for?"

These two treat Bianca like a treasure when they need her, but when they can't find her, they start eyeing Isabella's money.

Did they really think she was so gullible that a few sweet words would make her give them money?

Harper was also taken aback and grabbed Indigo's arm, cursing, "Indigo, what did you tell me when we came here? Bianca can't be found, and you're still putting on this act?"

Indigo frowned and slapped Harper's hand away in disgust. "Do I need to explain myself to you? Stop interfering with me."

He pushed Harper aside and sat down in front of Isabella.

With a fawning expression, he said, "Isabella, I've thought it through. Bianca is too disobedient and always does things that make people worry. I can't save her, but I still have you."

"Don't worry, I can swear in front of you that from now on, you are my only daughter. Isabella, can you just forget about the past?" Indigo spoke very sincerely.

Afraid that Isabella wouldn't believe him, he added, "Even if we find Bianca, I won't acknowledge her anymore. She caused us to be in this situation. I don't want to see her ever again. Even if she dies out there, I won't care."

Isabella looked at Indigo's self-talk with a blank expression, feeling no emotional stirrings.

Because he had said these same words to her before, but he had forgotten all about it.

"Indigo, how dare you curse Bianca to die? You're too much." Harper was first shocked, then furious. "Isabella is your daughter, but isn't Bianca too?"

As if suddenly realizing something, Harper shook her head and sneered. "I get it. You think Bianca can't climb up the Brown Family anymore, so you've shifted your target to Isabella, that bitch, right? Indigo, I must have been blind back then to rely on a man like you, who can only depend on women. When you were young, you relied on Grace, and now you rely on Isabella. You're truly a useless man."

Having his true intentions exposed, Indigo became furious.

He glanced at Isabella and quickly denied it. "Don't talk nonsense. I never said Bianca isn't my daughter. She ran away from home and went missing, offending people she shouldn't have. It's her own fault. Who else can she blame?"

To prove himself, Indigo's eyes widened with excitement.

Harper wasn't backing down either. The two of them started arguing back and forth.

Isabella had initially wanted to send them away and get back to work.

But seeing the current scene, she wasn't in a hurry to leave.

One was her biological father, Indigo, who had ignored her for years, and the other was Harper, whom she hated the most. Watching them fight in front of her was quite a show.

But after watching for a while, she realized they were just exchanging the same insults, and it was getting boring.

So she decided to stir the pot a bit. "Bianca is actually with Michael."

Hearing this, Indigo and Harper immediately stopped.

Isabella took the opportunity to throw this big problem onto Michael. "Bianca caused trouble to me, and I was going to deal with her, but Michael hid her away first. You're looking in the wrong place. Bianca is with him."

Unexpectedly, Harper became even more aggressive. "I knew it. Bianca is too soft-hearted. Everything that belonged to her was taken by you, and now you even want to take Michael!"

With a cold snort, Harper continued, "Thanks God, even if you take Michael, his heart is still with our Bianca. You ended up divorced despite all your efforts. I advise you to let go. What's not yours will never be yours, no matter how thick-skinned you are."

Harper's accusations left Isabella stunned.

She was eager to push Michael away. It was Michael who refused to divorce her, and he even conspired with Daniel to force her to have his child. There was no man more detestable than him.

But before she could speak, Indigo grabbed Harper's hand. "Honey, is what you said true?"

He looked anxious. "So Bianca was taken by Michael for protection. Why didn't you tell me earlier? You know how much I suffer when Bianca is missing."

"You're so fake!" Harper, seeing through Indigo, pushed him away in disgust. "Just now, you wished Bianca dead. Now that you know Michael cares for her, you're playing innocent. Indigo, aren't you ashamed of your own words?"

"I'm calling Michael right now to have him bring Bianca home. Once she's back, we're getting a divorce!" Knowing that Michael was protecting Bianca, Harper felt emboldened.

She took out her phone and dialed.

But after several attempts, no one answered.

By the eighth call, still hearing the busy tone, Harper's face turned awkward. "Maybe Michael is busy with work. He's the CEO of the Brown Group, after all. He can't always be looking at his phone. He'll call me back when he sees the missed calls. And then, Indigo, you'll be packing your things and getting kicked out."

Isabella chimed in, "How about I try calling him?"

She wasn't being kind; she also wanted to see if Michael would bring Bianca out.

She had been looking for Bianca for too long.

This grudge couldn't be settled just because Bianca disappeared for a few days.

Harper glanced at her and said, "He's so busy he won't even take my calls. Do you think he'll answer a call from a woman he's divorced?"

Before she could finish, a deep, sexy male voice came from the phone. "What do you want? Have you figured out what I said yesterday?"

It was Michael, the man Harper claimed was too busy to take her calls, answering.

###chapter 110 She Brought It on Herself

Isabella played the external sound, not expecting Michael to start with such a sentence.

She naturally understood that he wanted her to keep her distance from Emilio.

But she didn't want to discuss this with him now; she had more important things to do.

"Michael, Harper is causing a scene at my company demanding Bianca. You need to come quickly and take her away." She thought Michael would make excuses to cover Bianca's whereabouts again.

Unexpectedly, he just paused for a moment and then agreed good-naturedly. "I'll be right over."

The call ended.

Hearing that Michael was coming, Harper's face was full of pride and arrogance. "I knew Michael only has feelings for Bianca, Isabella, you should give up. You haven't won Michael's heart in three years. The position of Mrs. Brown is definitely going to be Bianca's."

Isabella said nothing, quietly watching Harper already fantasizing about a future of wealth and prosperity.

Isabella knew better than anyone Bianca's place in Michael's heart.

But when she heard Michael say he was coming right away, her heart felt like it was blocked by a stone.

Sure enough, when it came to Bianca, he always got nervous.

Indigo's face was even more unsightly at this moment.

He never expected that after finally regaining some dignity as a father in front of Isabella, he would be made so awkward by Harper's words.

If he hadn't said those things earlier, would Michael have shown him a bit more respect when he arrived?

It was all Isabella's fault; she could have said it earlier, but she had to say it right after he made a vow.

Michael arrived quickly, taking just over twenty minutes.

The distance between the Brown Group and the Wilson Group was about the fastest one could drive.

Seeing Michael arrive, Harper was as excited as if she had seen a family. She grabbed his hand and wouldn't let go. "Michael, that bitch Isabella said Bianca is with you, is it true?"

"I understand you want to protect Bianca, but you should have told us. I've been so scared these past few days that I couldn't sleep, having nightmares of Bianca being bullied," As she spoke, Harper even started to tear up. "Fortunately, you protected her. Bianca is finally going to have a good life. She has never had a good life, and I couldn't give her the best. But with you around, I can rest easy."

Isabella raised her eyebrows and watched the drama unfold; she had to admit Harper's acting skills were much better than Bianca's.

No matter what, Harper had climbed her way up as a mistress, so her emotional intelligence was exceptionally high.

Today, she wanted to see how Michael would handle this.

She had previously asked him for Bianca, but he had refused to give her up.

Now that Bianca's parents were asking for her, could he still keep Bianca hidden?

Michael frowned and pulled Harper's hand away, his tone calm and devoid of any emotion. "Bianca was indeed taken away by someone I sent, but she has left Evergreen City that very day."

Upon hearing this, Isabella's brow twitched, and she thought Michael was playing tricks on her.

Harper was not surprised; instead, she smiled and leaned in. "I understand. You must have sent Bianca abroad to protect her so that Isabella wouldn't trouble her. Thank you for your efforts."

But Michael's next words shocked everyone present. "Bianca brought this upon herself. No one is protecting her. She was sent to the Auroria mining district!"

Michael threw a stack of photos onto the table, each one showing Bianca's face, but the injuries on her face were horrifying. "These are her recent activities. You wanted to find her, here she is."

Staring at the scattered photos on the table, Harper's mind seemed to explode.

She could hardly believe what she was seeing.

Her fingers trembled as she picked up the photos, but the images made her almost vomit.

There were pictures of Bianca being beaten and cursed while pinned to the ground.

There were pictures of her being dragged by her hair into a small dark room, her clothes torn.

Most of the photos showed layers of scars on her body, not just from beatings but from other abuses.

Each gruesome photo was followed by an even more horrifying scene.

Harper couldn't bear to look any longer. She turned red-eyed and lunged at Michael. "Michael, you bastard, Bianca loved you so much. How could you do this to her?"

Michael easily pushed her away, his expression still cold. "I have said her fate was her own doing. You know better than anyone what she did and how she deceived me all these years. Do you want me to list them one by one?"

"I don't want to hear it!" Harper screamed, covering her ears, "You're all crazy. Bianca just wanted to marry you. What did she do wrong to deserve this? This is human trafficking. I'm going to call the cop. I'm going to put you all in jail. I'm going to save Bianca. She's only twenty-two. She's still so young."

Harper, nearly hysterical, took out her phone, on the verge of a breakdown.

From start to finish, Isabella just stood by, squinting her eyes and watching.

She was already shocked when Michael mentioned sending Bianca to the Auroria mining district, but she still watched everything unfold calmly.

At this moment, Michael walked up to Harper and, seeing her trembling hands about to call the police, said, "No need to bother."

Seeing his face, Harper backed away in fear. "What are you going to do? You took Bianca, and now you want to take me too?"

Michael shook his head, but his next words were even more terrifying than sending Harper away. "I've already called the cop. They should be here soon."

When Isabella called, he had already prepared everything.

He had said the Taylor Family should disappear.

He was only a few days late, but they couldn't wait any longer and even went to Isabella.

Just as Harper was in a state of panic and confusion, someone knocked on the door outside. "Mr. Brown, we're from the Evergreen City Police Department."

"Come in!" As soon as Michael finished speaking, a group of uniformed police officers flooded into the small reception room. The two leading officers walked directly up to Indigo and Harper.

They showed two pairs of silver handcuffs. "Mr and Mrs. Taylor, right? Sixteen years ago, Ms. Wilson's death in the hospital was suspicious, and you two were the only ones present. Now someone has accused you of murder. Please come with us."

With a click, Indigo and Harper were handcuffed simultaneously.

There was no way they could find anything from over a decade ago, but Harper couldn't let Bianca be tortured to death by those beasts.

"Wait, I want to report a crime!" Harper looked at Michael. "I want to report him for human trafficking. He sold my daughter Bianca to the Auroria mining district. You can't just arrest me. His crime is even worse. He must be punished."

###chapter 111 Michael Takes a Knife for Her

Michael's expression remained unchanged, not even a flicker.

It was the police officer beside him who explained, "We have already taken a statement from Mr. Brown. Ms. Taylor had prior contact with the criminal gang abroad; she went voluntarily. All these leads were provided by Mr. Brown, so there's no way they could be false. We have deployed the police to search for the criminal hideout. As soon as we have any leads, we will rescue her."

Harper's face turned pale with rage, confirming Bianca was sent away by Michael.

If he hadn't promised to take care of Bianca back then, Bianca wouldn't have liked him. What's wrong with her using some means for the Michael she liked?

Isabella, who was the one deserved to die. Only her death could fulfill Bianca.

If she had been ruthless enough to strangle Isabella in the Taylor Family back then, Bianca would have been the Michael's wife, and she wouldn't have ended up in such a miserable situation.

Madness surged in Harper's eyes. Before the police could drag her out, she somehow pulled out a knife and stabbed straight at Isabella's heart.

The room was small, and it was inside the Wilson Group.

The bodyguards were all outside, and no one expected Harper, a middle-aged woman who stayed home all day, to commit such an act.

By the time the bodyguards heard the commotion and rushed in, it was already too late.

Isabella was unprepared and had no time to dodge.

Just as the knife tip was about to touch her, a tall figure quickly shielded her.

It all happened in an instant. She didn't even see who stood in front of her, only smelled a familiar cold scent.

Immediately, Michael in front of her seemed to lose strength and fell to the side.

People around him quickly supported him, and the police subdued Harper, taking her directly to the police car.

The room was still in chaos.

Isabella approached Michael, wanting to ask if he was okay, but before she could speak, the knife stuck in Michael's abdomen appeared clearly before her eyes.

Blood stained his white shirt, and the wound kept oozing fresh blood.

For the first time, she felt weak and found her voice hoarse. "Michael."

Michael's face was pale, one hand pressing tightly on the wound. Meeting Isabella's worried eyes, he managed a faint smile.

He said to her, "Don't worry, I won't die."

Jesse arrived just in time. Seeing Michael seriously injured at the Wilson Group, his face changed dramatically.

Although he didn't like Michael much, as the heir of the Brown Group, Michael couldn't have an accident at the Wilson Group.

"Ms. Taylor, the car is ready. Let's go to the hospital first," Jesse said.

Isabella nodded. She reached out to support Michael, but the bodyguards beat her to it, lifting him into the car.

Jesse followed, and the group hurried to the nearest hospital.

Isabella stayed behind to manage the situation, but seeing her hands stained with Michael's blood, she momentarily lost control of her emotions.

The scene just now flashed by, that she couldn't even tell if it was real or not.

Michael didn't protect Bianca back then but sent her to Auroria, and he took a knife for Isabella.

The bodyguard responsible for watching Indigo hurried over, seeing Isabella's bloody hands, and knelt down in fear. "Ms. Taylor, it's all our fault. We didn't keep an eye on them and let them escape, causing you to get hurt. We deserve to die."

Isabella collected her thoughts and spoke calmly, "I'm not the one injured. Get up first."

The incident had already happened, and blaming anyone was pointless. The most important thing was to handle the problem properly.

Bianca drugged her, Harper tried to kill her. She would never forget the grudge against this mother and daughter.

"How did they get out? With so many of you, you couldn't watch two middle-aged people?" Isabella's voice was calm, but the accusation in her words sent chills down everyone's spine.

Everyone knew Isabella rarely lost her temper, but when she did, no one had a good time.

The bodyguards knew that even if it wasn't their fault, they had caused this trouble. There was no escaping it.

"This morning, Mr. and Mrs. Taylor pretended to be sick and went to the hospital. We followed them, but somehow they slipped out the back door of the examination room. We didn't notice, and by the time they did, they were gone."

Isabella said nothing, knowing Indigo and Harper had been sent to the police station.

Whether or not their attempt to murder Grace would be uncovered, the Brown Family and the Wilson Family wouldn't let them off for the hurt Michael took.

But this incident needed to serve as a lesson; otherwise, if it happened again, it would be her own fault.

"Participants will have three months' bonuses deducted and must undergo three days of physical punishment," Isabella snapped.

The bodyguards shuddered and replied, "Yes!"

Luckily, Isabella didn't fire them. If Jesse knew it, they wouldn't have been able to leave the training camp for three months, let alone three days.

The room was quickly cleaned up, and the front desk pretended not to have seen anything.

Isabella returned to her office.

She had just changed her clothes when Jesse called.

"Ms. Taylor, Mr. Brown is out of danger, but the doctor said the stab wound was deep, and he lost a lot of blood. Do you want to come and see him?" Jesse was reluctant as he said this.

Isabella was about to divorce Michael, yet he took a knife for her at this time?

Not only was Isabella confused, but even Jesse was also baffled.

Wasn't it said that Michael didn't like Isabella? So, for three years of marriage, he was very cold to her. Now, he took a knife for her. What was wrong with Michael?

Despite his resentment, he couldn't make decisions about this favor for Isabella.

On the other end of the phone, Isabella sighed, "It's good that he's okay. I won't go. Today's events were too chaotic, and I have a headache."

Michael's actions today completely overturned her worldview, leaving her unsure how to face him now, desiring only some quiet time, and deciding they shouldn't see each other for a few days.

Jesse continued, "Mr. Brown getting injured at the Wilson Group can't be hidden. The media will likely report it by tomorrow morning."

The incident happened suddenly, and all they could do was get Michael to the hospital.

Plus, many people saw the police take Indigo and Harper away, so it was impossible to completely suppress the news.

Isabella thought for a moment and replied, "I'll have the PR department keep an eye on it. You don't need to worry."

Just as she was about to hang up, Jesse remembered something. "By the way, Mr. Wilson has already arranged your birthday party for tomorrow, so all your uncles abroad will be back tonight."

Isabella checked the time. "When are my uncles arriving at the airport? I'll go pick them up!"

###chapter 112 Picking Someone Up at the Airport

That night, post-surgery Michael was transferred to the best hospital in Evergreen City.

Upon hearing the news, Ethan rushed over.

Originally, he intended to joke about Michael's change in character, becoming so brave and stepping up just to win Isabella's concern. But as soon as he entered the ward, he couldn't laugh anymore.

Michael lay on the hospital bed, eyes lightly closed in rest, his complexion as pale as the sheets covering him.

The saddest part was that he was the only one in the entire ward, with no sign of Isabella by his side.

Hearing a sound, Michael slowly opened his eyes, but seeing that it wasn't Isabella, he couldn't help but feel a bit disappointed.

"What are you doing here?" Michael's voice was hoarse.

Ethan shook his head helplessly. "Mr. Brown, if I didn't come, how would I know you are still so infatuated, using your body to block a knife. I know you're worried about Isabella, but have you thought about the situation with the Brown Group? Luckily, you're okay. If something had happened, you wouldn't be able to explain it to your grandpa. You know how much he cares about you."

Michael frowned, "My grandpa knows?"

Aiden was already worried about him and Isabella. If he knew Michael was hurt, he'd probably worry even more.

"Not yet," Ethan explained, "Most of the news was suppressed immediately. After all, if the CEO of the Brown Group got stabbed at the Wilson Group, it would shock everyone if it got out. However, Mr. Aiden Brown is still in the dark, but Mrs. Brown somehow got wind of it and is on her way here."

Knowing that Aiden was still unaware, Michael breathed a sigh of relief.

As for Stella, she would probably just nag a bit and let it go.

At this moment, Aaron came over to report, "Mr. Michael Brown, we've received word that Mr. Nolan Brown's flight will arrive in Evergreen City tonight. Coincidentally, Mrs. Isabella Brown is already on her way to the airport."

After speaking, Aaron lowered his head.

Michael had been waiting for Isabella to come, but who knew she would head straight to the airport from the company.

Coincidentally, Nolan was returning tonight, so Isabella's intentions was clear.

Hearing this, Ethan couldn't help but comment, "Isabella is really ungrateful. You took a knife for her, and she didn't even come to see you. Instead, she went to the airport to pick up Nolan."

Michael didn't say anything, but his face turned frighteningly pale. His hands clenched uncontrollably.

He thought to himaelf, 'Isabella, is Nolan really that important to you? You would rather go pick up him than come to the hospital to see me.'

At seven o'clock that night, a private jet landed smoothly.

Isabella stood in the wind, feeling unusually excited.

She was taken in by the Wilson Family at the age of seven and raised by Daniel. The uncles she saw most often were the eldest, Atticus, and the youngest, Thomas.

As for the other three uncles, she had barely seen them.

They had been doing business abroad for years and rarely returned home.

Over the years, she had only seen them once or twice as a child.

If it weren't for Atticus using her birthday party as an excuse, she might never have had the chance to reunite with her uncles. And Daniel would be very happy too. 

The cabin door slowly opened, and two tall men walked out one after the other.

The one in front wore a black leather jacket and sunglasses, looking tall and handsome.

The one behind had a completely different style.

He wore a white knit sweater with matching pants, looking gentle and refined, with a wheat-colored complexion, delicate features, and a tall, well-proportioned frame, exuding a subtle artistic vibe.

Seeing the two of them come down together, Isabella was momentarily stunned.

It had been so long since she last saw them that she couldn't tell the two uncles apart..

Since they were all uncles, she might as well call out, "Welcome back, uncles. I'm Isabella. Do you remember me?"

Holden, the third son of the Wilson Family, walked in front. Seeing Isabella, his eyes lit up.

Holden reached out and patted her head. "Isabella, you've grown so much. How could I not remember you? You're getting prettier and not as much of a crybaby as you were when you were little."

The fourth son of the Wilson Family, Orion Wilson, also walked over, a rare smile appearing on his cold, stunning face, leaving Isabella in awe.

She had thought Thomas was already stunning enough, but Orion's looks were even more breathtaking.

Orion's lips curved, his voice as deep and pleasant as a cello. "How could I forget you? But Isabella, it's been so many years. Could you tell us apart?"

Hearing that, Isabella was taken aback.

Orion's sharp eyes had seen right through her thoughts.

The Wilson Family had a private jet, so she only needed to remember the time.

Moreover, her uncles' identities were kept secret, so she couldn't investigate to distinguish them.

Isabella smiled to cover her embarrassment. "It's my fault. I came too quickly and didn't get to ask Atticus about your current situations, so I'm a bit confused."

"How about you introduce yourselves?" She blinked, this was the only solution she could think of.

Hearing Isabella's words, Holden laughed. "Isabella, trying to trick us?"

Then he introduced the man in white beside him, "Isabella, this is Orion. I'm Holden. Remember that now."

Isabella nodded obediently. "Got it. Uncle Holden, Uncle Orion, welcome home. Grandpa was so happy when he heard you were coming back."

Holden responded with a smile, "Alright, let's go see Dad. It's been so long since we've been home, he might have forgotten us."

A plain black business car stopped behind them, and Isabella could tell the car was not ordinary.

The car's exterior seemed to be meticulously modified, capable of withstanding armed attacks.

The interior was probably even more complex.

Jesse, standing nearby, also stared at the car with a serious expression.

But Holden and Orion, used to it, let Jesse take over the driver's seat and pulled Isabella into the back.

After so many years, Isabella thought there would be a gap between her and her uncles.

But as soon as they got in the car, they started chatting.

"Isabella, has Michael been bullying you lately? Now that we're back, we'll make sure to teach him a lesson!" Holden said seriously.

Although they were abroad, they kept up with Isabella's news through Atticus.

If Michael dared to bully Isabella, they would personally take revenge.

"He hasn't bullied me recently." Mentioning Michael made Isabella feel guilty. After all, Michael had just taken a knife for her. Seeking revenge now, she couldn't help but feel a bit guilty.

###chapter 113 Going to the Hospital

"I heard from Atticus that you've been still with him recently. What's going on?" Orion, who usually didn't like to talk, suddenly spoke up.

"Uncle Orion, we haven't officially divorced yet, so..." Isabella didn't dare mention the pregnancy plans, fearing her uncles would strongly oppose it.

It wasn't about the child; they just wouldn't allow the child's father to be Michael.

"Isabella, we're not forcing you to make a decision. It's just that you're still young and don't understand how cruel a man's heart can be. You can't forgive him just because of a temporary change. What if he's just pretending? Back then, Grace was deceived by that scoundrel Indigo. We couldn't stop her, and now you haven't reached that point yet. Getting out early is a way to protect yourself." Orion's voice came gently, showing care without pressure.

Hearing this, Holden also nodded. "Orion is right. If Michael truly loved you, how could he ignore you for three years and let others bully you? Now he regrets it, but who knows if he's just acting? Michael's words can't be fully trusted."

Isabella knew her uncles genuinely cared for her.

If it were before today, she would have believed and followed their advice without hesitation.

But today, she saw Michael's attitude towards Indigo and Harper, and the moment he shielded her from the knife.

She suddenly felt like she had never truly understood Michael.

But she couldn't ignore her uncles' good intentions.

"Uncle Holden, Uncle Orion, I understand what you're saying. I don't plan to reconcile with him. We've signed the divorce papers, and after some time, we'll have no interactions."

Hearing this, Holden and Orion exchanged a glance, and both of them breathed a sigh of relief.

But while Isabella could let it go, her uncles couldn't.

Holden added, "We know about this, thinking the Brown Family has gone too far this time. Michael ignored you for three years. We're back to see him and see how arrogant he really is."

Orion agreed with this action.

The Wilsons weren't ones to be easily bullied.

Seeing this, Isabella didn't insist. If she spoke for Michael again, it would really hurt her uncles' feelings.

Besides, she also wanted to see how Michael would handle being troubled by her uncles.

When the car arrived at the hospital, Atticus and Thomas were already there.

Only the second uncle, Kian Wilson, couldn't make it back due to other commitments.

Even so, for the Wilson Family, who rarely gathered, it was a rare reunion.

Seeing his sons, who had been working hard outside, return, Daniel's spirits lifted significantly.

Especially when he saw Isabella, his smile deepened. "Isabella, come here, let me take a look at you."

"Grandpa, the uncles are all here. They'll be jealous if you do this," Isabella joked with a smile.

Despite her words, she quickly walked to Daniel's side and held his hand.

"Forget it. A bunch of single men, none of them get married. Do you plan to stay single forever? Isabella, you're the only one I haven't had to worry about. I heard from Michael that you two have started preparing for a baby."

Isabella was stunned, and the next second, she felt several sharp gazes on her, which were all from her uncles behind her.

She forced a smile. "Grandpa, no rush. The most important thing for you now is to take care of your health. When the baby is born, you'll need to help me take care of it."

Daniel laughed at this. "Nonsense, I'm too old to take care of a child. If the baby gets hurt, Aiden would be furious with me. I just want to see the baby every day. That's enough for me."

Isabella followed his lead. "Then you need to take good care of yourself. When the baby is born, you'll be the first to hold it, okay?"

"Okay. I'll wait for that day" Talking about the baby made Daniel very happy.

He was old, and his five sons were all focused on their careers, unwilling to marry and have children. Seeing Isabella's child was his biggest wish.

"Dad, Isabella has been busy at the company all day. Let her rest. We'll keep you company." Atticus stepped in.

Isabella looked back gratefully at Atticus.

From the beginning, Atticus had ensured the hospital was completely sealed off, so no outside news could get in.

Thus, Daniel didn't know about what Michael had done to her or their divorce.

She was genuinely afraid something might happen to Daniel, so she had to keep it a secret.

Only Atticus and Thomas knew about her plans to have a child; the other two uncles didn't.

"Alright, Isabella, you've worked hard. Go rest." Daniel patted her hand affectionately, urging her to go to bed early.

Isabella nodded, leaving the space for her uncles and Daniel to talk.

Outside the hospital, Jesse was already waiting.

Just as she was about to get in the car, her phone buzzed with a new message.

It was a photo, which showed Michael lying pale in a hospital bed.

Ethan: [Isabella, Michael got hurt for you. Can't you come see him? Do you know he's waiting for you?]

Isabella's hand trembled as she held the phone.

She slowly asked, "Is Michael really that badly hurt?"

Hearing her, Jesse turned around, thinking she was talking to him, and replied, "The doctor said Michael's wound is deep but not life-threatening."

Feeling something hit her hard in the chest, Isabella blurted out, "Take me to the hospital."

Jesse was stunned, wanting to say something, but seeing Isabella's furrowed brows, he nodded and started the car.

They quickly found out which hospital Michael had been transferred to, not far from where Daniel was.

Ten minutes later, the car stopped outside the inpatient building.

Jesse was about to get out and follow, but Isabella told him, "No need, you could leave."

She said she could have a bodyguard pick her up later.

With that, she entered the hospital.

Following the nurse's directions, she quickly found Michael's floor.

Inside the ward, Stella was personally taking care of the injured Michael, tirelessly wiping his hands and face with a towel.

The usually arrogant Michael, who could infuriate her with a single word, lay there with his eyes closed, pale.

In all their years of marriage, she had never seen Michael so vulnerable.

It seemed he was born to be that proud and arrogant.

###chapter 114 Sneaking a Peek at the Wound

In the blink of an eye, Stella noticed Isabella standing outside the door.

Immediately, her face darkened, and she strode to the door, blocking Isabella's way. "Who told you to come here? Get out! Michael doesn't need your concern, nor does he want to see you."

Michael had never suffered like this before. He took a knife for Isabella and got injured, yet she couldn't even be bothered to come and see him.

Even an ordinary person would treat Michael as a lifesaver in such a situation.

But Isabella, who acted as if this had nothing to do with her, with a heart as cold as ice.

Stella had seen through it all. So what if Isabella was the heiress of the Wilson Family? Her heart was no longer with Michael. Even if she forced her to stay, she would only bring harm to Michael.

"I'm late. How is he now?" Isabella's voice was soft, but her eyes couldn't help but glance inside the ward.

Seeing Isabella's demeanor, Stella sneered. "You know you're late? I thought you didn't even know who Michael got hurt for. Michael took a knife from Harper to save you. When he came out of surgery, his face was as pale as a sheet. Where were you then? If you really cared about him, you should have stayed by his side. And now you come here pretending to care? We don't need it."

Stella's words grew harsher with each sentence. Isabella, already exhausted from a long day, had no energy left to argue.

But as she looked at Michael lying in the hospital bed, she couldn't bring herself to leave.

"What are you still looking at? Leave, you're not welcome here." Stella urged her to go.

Just as Isabella was about to turn around, a hoarse, familiar voice sounded from behind. "Mom, let her in."

Realizing Michael was wake, Isabella's body trembled.

Hearing Michael's voice, Stella, no matter how angry, couldn't ignore his feelings.

She went over to pour Michael a glass of water and asked if he needed a doctor. Michael shook his head. "Mom, it's late. You should go home."

He had heard their conversation just now.

Michael knew Stella's temper well and worried that Isabella might leave in a fit of anger.

Stella could see Michael's thoughts clearly. She felt both heartache and frustration for him.

Isabella had treated him like this, but he still couldn't let her go.

Aaron came over and said, "Mr. Brown, I'll stay here. Mrs. Stella Brown, you don't need to worry."

Reluctantly, Stella had to leave, planning to come back first thing in the morning. "Alright, I'll go. If your wound hurts at night, call the doctor. Don't tough it out, okay?"

"I know." Michael nodded slightly.

Even so, Stella couldn't be completely at ease. She gave Aaron some additional instructions before leaving.

Aaron went outside to see her off.

Inside the ward, only the two of them remained.

Michael's gaze hadn't left her since she appeared. Isabella walked in.

She stood by the bed, wanting to ask how he was, but seeing his pale face, all her questions turned to blankness.

No matter how strained their relationship had become, she should come to see him when he was injured and hospitalized.

After all, if Michael hadn't stepped in, she would be the one lying in that bed now.

The atmosphere turned silent.

Michael had intended to speak, but thinking about how Isabella had left him alone in the hospital to pick up Nolan, he felt a lump in his throat.

But they couldn't stay in this stalemate forever.

Michael frowned, propping himself up with his arm to sit up, accidentally pulling at his wound, causing him to freeze in pain.

"Isabella..." Before he could call her name, Isabella's hands reached out to support him.

She grabbed a pillow and placed it behind his waist, easing his pain.

When she looked up, she met Michael's deep eyes. She took a step back and explained, "Don't overthink it. I'm just helping you because you got hurt because of me."

"I know." Michael's voice was calm, just as emotionless as before.

He glanced at her, then reached for the laptop on the table. He had an important meeting today, but he had postponed it because of her call.

This collaboration could have been completed today, but because he ended up in the hospital, all the work had piled up.

He had to handle it now to avoid any mistakes tomorrow.

Seeing his actions, Isabella frowned but didn't help him with the laptop. Instead, she pressed down on his hand. "Your injury is so severe, and you still want to work?"

At that moment, she couldn't convince herself that she had let go because she still had uncontrollable feelings for Michael.

"I'm fine. It's not a serious injury. Michael didn't push her hand away but picked up the laptop and placed it in front of him.

Once it was open, he quickly entered work mode.

Even so, he didn't forget her. "It's late. You should go now. Let Aaron take you home."

But to Isabella, it seemed like Michael, just as Stella had said, didn't want to see her here, because he didn't even spare her a glance.

They were already in the process of divorce; she shouldn't let herself make more mistakes.

Isabella had to leave. Aaron offered to escort her, but she refused.

However, once she reached the hospital entrance, she hesitated to call for a ride.

The late autumn night was chilly. She stood outside quietly for a while, and an hour later, she returned to the ward.

Michael was injured and still working from his hospital bed, all because of her. She couldn't just leave.

Even if it was just to keep him company, it would be her way of repaying him for saving her.

She silently reminded herself that she was doing this not for him, but for the gratitude of him saving her.

The night was deep and quiet, with no sound in the corridor.

When Isabella reached the door, Aaron, who was standing outside, was surprised and asked softly, "Mrs. Isabella Brown, why are you back? Did you forget something?"

She shook her head, because she couldn't bring herself to say she came back for Michael.

So she inquired about his condition, "What did the doctor say? Will his injury have any aftereffects?"

Aaron lowered his voice. "The doctor said Mr. Brown's injury is just superficial, not serious. He can be discharged and go home after two days of observation."

"I see." Isabella nodded, feeling a weight lifted off her chest. "You don't need to worry about me. I'll just go in and check on him and then leave."

With that, she walked straight into the ward.

Only one light was left on inside. Isabella sat down beside the bed.

Under the light, Michael had his eyes closed. As he slept, his sharp features softened considerably. The high bridge of his nose cast a shadow, making his well-defined features even more striking.

After all these years of marriage, she had never had the chance to observe him so closely.

It was only after their divorce that she saw a different side of him.

The Michael before her had lost the imposing aura he had during the day, with a rare softness in his expression.

If he could really become gentler, how wonderful that would be.

###chapter 115 Tonight, I Want You to Stay with Me.

.

Thinking about the thrilling scene that happened during the day, Isabella suddenly wanted to check his wound. No matter how many times others said it was fine, she was always worried.

Harper rushed up like a madwoman, and the force must have been heavy.

Thinking of this, she got up and secretly lifted the blanket covering Michael.

Just as she was about to pull it down, before revealing Michael's waist, her hand was grabbed by Michael. "Isabella, what are you doing? Why are you still here!"

Under the incandescent light, Michael's face was pale, and his eyes exuded an icy coldness.

Isabella was still bent over at this moment. With him gripping her hand so tightly, half of her body was almost pressed against his chest.

She coughed lightly. "I came back to make things clear. You saved me, and I should say thank to you!"

"You came back just to that?" Michael smiled coldly. "Are you done? If you're done, leave!"

He really couldn't forgive her for what she did today. She knew he was injured and hospitalized, but when the doctor needed a family member's signature, she wasn't by his side.

She didn't even come to see him after his surgery.

All in all, she didn't care whether he lived or died; the only person in her eyes was Nolan.

Her hands were thrown off, and Isabella got angry too. "Michael, what do you mean by this? You saved me, and I'm very grateful. I came specifically to thank you, not to argue with you!"

She was also very tired, but she still held on until he fell asleep before coming to see him.

She just wanted to see that he was okay before she could go back with peace of mind.

However, he immediately showed this attitude of driving her away, not letting her finish a single sentence.

Michael sneered. "Isabella, Do you think I'm easy to fool? Where were you when I was in the operating room? You were chatting and laughing with another man, and now you remember me?"

She went to the airport in the afternoon and didn't show up until late at night. She had been with Nolan all that time.

He could see how special Nolan was to Isabella.

If she hadn't left him alone here, he would have been happy to see her no matter when she came.

But she came to him only after being with Nolan. How could he not overthink it?

The man Michael mentioned, Isabella thought of as Holden and Orion.

She really couldn't argue. "I had something to do in the middle, but I'm here now, aren't I? Michael, can you not bring this up at this time?"

Thinking she admitted that she went to see Nolan, Michael felt a stabbing pain in his heart, worse than the pain from his wound. "Who you want to see is your freedom. I have no right to control you. Go see whoever you want. You don't need to tell me, and you don't need to stay here. I don't need your fake concern."

She came here only because of her sense of morality, just to take a look. It had nothing to do with who he was.

"Michael, what is wrong with you!" Isabella was really fed up with him. Even in this state, he still had this sarcastic attitude.

"If you don't want me to stay, then let me see your wound. I'll just take a look and leave," As she spoke, she tried to pull the blanket off him again, but Michael grabbed her hand firmly once more.

Michael's face looked even worse than before. "Isabella, you finally told the truth, didn't you? You came here not because you were worried about me, but because you wanted to know how serious my injury is. You're worried about whether my injury will affect you and the Wilson Group!"

"What are you talking about?" Isabella didn't quite understand what he meant.

But Michael no longer believed her. He pulled her hand towards him. "Didn't you want to leave? I won't let you have your way. Tonight, I want you to stay with me!"

The thought of her rushing back to meet Nolan drove Michael crazy.

As long as he could keep her by his side, whether by means or force, he would accept it.

"Michael, are you out of your mind!" Isabella was so angry she wanted to hit him, but remembering his injury, she gritted her teeth and held back, just wanting to escape from him.

But the more she struggled, the tighter Michael's grip became.

Suddenly, Michael let out a pale-faced cry, freeing one hand to press tightly on his wound, and cold sweat began to bead on his forehead.

Isabella was startled, realizing she had touched his wound.

She had forgotten he had just had surgery and couldn't exert force.

Heartache and guilt surged in her heart. Isabella didn't care about their intimate posture and anxiously asked, "Michael, what's wrong? Did your wound reopen?"

Without waiting for his response, Isabella couldn't wait to check his wound.

But Michael wouldn't let her see it, holding the blanket tightly.

Above her, Michael's voice was almost stubbornly hoarse. "Isabella, you're just here to go through the motions. I won't let you see this wound. Whether it reopens or not has nothing to do with you. Even if I die, it's none of your business."

Isabella was furious. She couldn't stand his attitude of treating his own body as a joke. "Michael, have you had enough!"

She bit her lip, her eyes already red from the moment he cried out in pain.

Seeing that, Michael was stunned.

He had been arguing with her, avoiding looking at her directly, but now her eyes were red, and the area around her eyes was swollen, clearly from crying.

She didn't leave earlier because she was crying outside? So, she still had feelings for him.

Thinking of this, Michael felt as if something had struck his heart, instantly softening it.

At this moment, Isabella took advantage of his distraction and pulled the blanket away to check his wound. There was a thick bandage around his rib area, where was already seeping with fresh blood. His wound had indeed reopened.

Isabella glared at him with red eyes. He knew he was injured and still acted recklessly, without caring about his own body at all.

Ignoring Michael's shouts, Isabella went out to find the on-duty doctor.

In the ward, the doctor re-applied medication and bandaged Michael.

Since he had just had surgery, the wound hadn't shown signs of healing yet. Reapplying the medication without anesthesia was undoubtedly painful, but Michael didn't make a sound.

Isabella went from being angry at first to feeling sorry for him as she saw his pained expression. She turned her head, unable to watch the scene any longer.

During this time, Aaron suddenly had to go home for something. Michael was still being treated inside, so he entrusted him to Isabella.

Isabella didn't say much, telling him to go home and that she would stay here.

Aaron was very grateful, hurriedly grabbing his coat and leaving.

This commotion lasted until midnight. Isabella washed her face with cold water and returned to the ward.

The doctor had already left. Michael was lying flat on the hospital bed. When he saw Isabella return, a glimmer of light flashed in his eyes, but it quickly disappeared.

He asked coldly, "Why are you still here?"

###chapter 116 Birthday Gift

She had just sneaked out while he was applying the medicine. Wasn't she contacting Nolan? Why would she come back?

Isabella had calmed down by now. Since she was going to stay with him, she might as well get all her questions answered. So she wouldn't have any more inappropriate thoughts.

"I have questions for you. How will I know the answers if I leave?" She slowly walked up to him, sat down on a chair, and spoke in an unprecedentedly calm tone, "Michael, why are you doing this? Why did you send Bianca to Auroria, and why did you take the knife for me?"

She couldn't understand his motives for doing these things.

She had long since given up the fantasy that Michael would take revenge on the Taylors for her, thinking there had to be another reason for his actions.

Michael looked at her expression, as if he had guessed something, and sneered. "Everything is over. Is there any point in talking about this now?"

He curled his lips into a bitter smile. "Anyway, you already have someone else by your side. One Emilio wasn't enough, and now there's another person. I see you care a lot about them, so why bother getting answers from me?"

Emilio only made him feel threatened, but Nolan's appearance dealt him a heavy blow.

He now understood that in Isabella's heart, he could never compare to Nolan. So there was no need for him to tell her the truth.

Isabella frowned. She had waited for a long time but didn't expect this kind of answer.

Michael didn't even bother to tell her.

"Isabella, you should remember we still have some time before our marriage ends. Before that, if I find out you have intimate actions with another man, don't blame me for being ruthless." Michael's tone was cold and full of threats.

But Isabella had heard such words many times.

Normally, she might understand, but today, she had just gone to the airport to pick up Holden and Orion. She really didn't understand Michael's erratic behavior.

Not getting the answers to her doubts, Isabella lost her patience.

Indeed, for someone like Michael, who couldn't even trust her, what hope did she still hold?

Seeing that it was almost dawn outside, she got up, opened the door, and left directly.

In the ward, Michael's face darkened completely, and he clenched his fists and pounded them on the bed.

Back home, Isabella was so angry she couldn't sleep.

Seeing that it was almost dawn, she hurriedly took a shower and had barely slept for three hours before being woken up by a call from Atticus.

Today was her twenty-fourth birthday party.

Sitting in front of the makeup mirror at the hotel, Isabella closed her eyes and let the makeup team behind her do their work.

For this birthday party, Atticus had specially hired a foreign design team, including her makeup artist and the entire event's creative planning, all to ensure perfection and to showcase Isabella's elevated status.

After a long hour, the makeup artist finally stopped and complimented Isabella in the mirror.

Isabella then moved her stiff neck and stood up.

Daniel and her uncles had been waiting for her outside for a long time.

Today, she was the only main character. The party wouldn't start until she made her entrance.

Just as she was about to leave the room, her phone suddenly rang.

Seeing the name on the screen, Isabella's eyes lit up. "Nolan?"

On the other end of the line, Nolan's voice was gentle and affectionate. "Isabella, happy birthday. I sent you a special gift. Open it and take a look."

Isabella felt a warmth in her heart but also a bit of disappointment. "Nolan, didn't you say you would come back for my birthday? Why did you break your promise again?"

Nolan sent her birthday gifts every year, but she still wanted to see him. She hadn't seen him in three years.

"Sorry, Isabella, I couldn't keep my promise. To make it up to you, you can ask for anything you want when I get back, okay?" Nolan was still as gentle as ever. No matter what Isabella said, he wouldn't get angry and would still treat her like a child.

Just like how an older brother would pamper his younger sister in an ordinary family.

In her growing environment, she only had her uncles, no older brother.

Sometimes she wondered if she had an older brother to protect her, would she and Grace have a better ending?

Unfortunately, her misery was destined to be borne alone, with no one to help her.

She smiled into the phone. "Nolan, I'll hold you to that. Don't blame me for being harsh then."

The playful tone of a little girl was something she had never shown in front of Michael.

Not that she didn't want to, but Michael had never given her the chance, who was always impatient with her.

Suddenly, someone knocked on the door and delivered a beautifully wrapped box.

Isabella took it and opened it to find a light blue long dress adorned with a whole array of small diamonds, even the hem was not spared.

It was a design she privately adored, clear at a glance that the dress was the work of a master designer, hand-sewn and tailored to her measurements, making it truly one of a kind in the world.

The box not only contained the dress but also a long jewelry box with a sapphire necklace inside.

It was a high-quality item from an international auction, Azure Elegance.

Isabella gasped and quickly said into the phone, "Nolan, I'll accept the dress, but you should take back the necklace."

The price of this item was too expensive that she couldn't accept it.

Besides, it was just a birthday; it wasn't worth Nolan spending so much on her.

Nolan chuckled softly. "Why can't you accept it? You deserve the best things in the world. If you don't accept it, I'll be sad."

"But..." Isabella wanted to say more, but Nolan interrupted her, "Isabella, no matter how valuable something is, it's just an object to me. If it can be worn by you at your birthday party, that's when it serves its greatest purpose. Be good, didn't the Wilson Family throw you a birthday party? Wear the dress and necklace I sent you and walk in front of everyone, okay? If possible, send me a photo. I want to see you shining at the party."

Isabella hesitated for a moment, unwilling to reject Nolan's kindness. "Okay, thank you for the gift, Nolan."

Ten minutes later, the door opened.

Isabella, in a light blue long-tailed dress, with her arm linked through Thomas, who was also in an expensive suit, slowly descended the stairs and appeared in front of everyone.

###chapter 117 I'm Late

With her exquisite makeup, graceful figure, and a luxurious dress paired with a precious sapphire necklace, Isabella stunned the entire crowd as soon as she appeared.

Amidst the envious gazes, Isabella made her way to the center of the banquet.

However, seeing that Isabella was accompanied by Thomas instead of Michael, the smile on Daniel's face instantly vanished.

"Where's Michael? The person standing next to you should be him. Why isn't he here?" Daniel asked while looking around for Michael.

Isabella secretly rubbed her forehead. After the late-night fuss yesterday, she almost forgot that Daniel didn't know about Michael's injury.

Even if he wasn't injured, given their current relationship, he probably wouldn't attend her birthday party.

She concealed her panic and hugged Daniel's arm, explaining coquettishly, "Grandpa, don't be mad. Michael didn't skip the party; he was genuinely held up by something. You know he's in charge of the entire Brown Group now, so he's bound to be busy. He'll make it up to me later."

After last night's argument, Isabella didn't want to see Michael at all.

However, Daniel nodded trustingly, "It's good for young people to be career-focused. Michael is so responsible; I feel at ease leaving you with him."

Just as Isabella breathed a sigh of relief, Daniel asked another question, "He's not here, but what about his gift?"

Hearing that, Isabella fell silent.

"Grandpa, he'll give me the gift tonight. It's just a little fun between us young people. Please don't ask anymore." Isabella pretended to be shy to avoid Daniel's questioning.

She was afraid that if Daniel kept asking, the truth would be exposed.

Seeing this, Thomas also came over to help calm Daniel down. "Dad, Isabella has said they would celebrate privately tonight. It's a good time for our family now. Besides, so many guests are here. If you get angry now, what will people think of the Wilson Family?"

Hearing that, Daniel finally said no more.

He was escorted to the main seat by Thomas, greeting and chatting with the guests.

Isabella's birthday party caused a huge sensation in Evergreen City. Everyone of status in the city attended, and many even came from the eastern part of Valoria.

Isabella was surrounded by her four handsome uncles, shining like a star among them, as if she became the little princess of the Wilson Family again.

 She interacted with the crowd with ease, until Daniel's angry roar shattered the beautiful scene.

Isabella and her uncles quickly came to Daniel's side. "Grandpa, what's wrong?"

Daniel's face was dark, clearly very upset. "They said Michael didn't come because you two are getting a divorce. It's outrageous."

Isabella was shocked, wondering if Daniel knew it.

Before she could find an excuse, Daniel angrily instructed, "Isabella, call Michael right now and tell him to come over! I know Michael well. He's such a grateful person; he wouldn't do something like this."

Daniel's trust in Michael was so high that Isabella found it unbelievable.

But if she called him now, the truth would be exposed.

After all, they had just had a fight last night.

"Grandpa, Michael really can't come right now. He's busy with something else. Can we talk about this later?" Isabella used the same excuse to explain to Daniel.

But this time, Daniel didn't believe her. "Isabella, tell me the truth. Did you and Michael have a fight, and that's why he didn't come to your birthday party? And the talk about having a baby, was that a lie too?"

As the once-famous Gambling King, nothing could escape his eyes.

Isabella was so nervous that she was about to break into a cold sweat.

She could only pretend to be calm, squatting down to explain to Daniel, "Grandpa, don't get upset over a single comment. How could I lie to you about that? Besides, Grandpa Aiden personally told you about it. Even if you don't believe me, you can't not believe him, right?"

But as for her and Michael's situation, she would hide it as long as she could.

She turned to her uncles for help, who were well aware of her situation with Michael.

Atticus, who always protected her, quickly spoke up, "Dad, today is Isabella's birthday party. Don't scare her. We can talk about this later."

Daniel looked down at Isabella. He cared deeply for her, but the more he cared, the less he could stand hearing rumors about her and Michael getting a divorce.

Daniel added, "Isabella, I'm worried about you. Call Michael, and I'll talk to him myself. He can't be so busy that he can't spare a moment."

"Grandpa, do you really have to make it so difficult for him?" Seeing that she couldn't persuade him, Isabella wiped her eyes, pretending to be aggrieved.

Michael might still be in the hospital. After their fight last night, he might not even answer her call, let alone come to her birthday party.

But Daniel, agitated, insisted on seeing Michael.

Even her uncles took turns trying to persuade him, but it was no use. Isabella was on the verge of tears.

If Daniel found out about the divorce, the consequences would be unimaginable.

Atticus and the others were also at a loss, their faces tense.

In the Wilson Family, no one dared to openly defy Daniel, expect for Isabella.

Daniel valued her more than anyone. If he found out she was being mistreated by Michael and they were getting a divorce, no one dared to imagine what he might do in his anger.

Just then, a commotion erupted outside.

Michael walked through the crowd, and everyone made way for him.

"Who spread the rumor? Mr. Brown is here in person. Anyone who talks nonsense again will be thrown out."

"Yes, Mr. Brown, please go talk to Mr. Wilson. He was so upset because you didn't come."

"Really? I came late and made Mr. Wilson angry. I'll go apologize. Please enjoy yourselves." Michael's face carried a faint smile. His deep black luxury suit made him look even more tall and elegant, exuding a noble and graceful aura.

His assistant took his coat, and Michael calmly walked towards Isabella.

It was clear that Michael had rushed over, so the rumors were instantly dispelled.

Even if the online gossip was intense, no one present dared to say another word.

Michael was the pinnacle of Valoria's southern elite, the heir of the Brown Family. Isabella was the ruler of Valoria's east, the heiress to the Wilson Family. No one dared to offend one of them.

"Grandpa, I'm sorry for being late!" Standing before Daniel, Michael explained apologetically, "There was an unexpected meeting at the company, which delayed me. I'm sorry for making you worry!"

###chapter 118 Do you believe what you're saying?

Seeing him suddenly appear, Isabella was momentarily stunned.

'Isn't he supposed to be in the hospital? How is he here?' She couldn't help but thought.

But upon closer inspection, Michael's pale lips and ashen face said it all. He had forced himself to come despite feeling unwell.

However, Michael's apology did not earn Daniel's forgiveness.

Isabella didn't even want to call Michael. Either they were having a fight, or, as the rumors suggested, their relationship was in trouble.

But Daniel, having experienced so much over the years, didn't show any sign of suspicion on his face, even if he had doubts in his heart.

He said calmly, "I understand you're busy, but Isabella's birthday is a big deal. Her uncles flew in from abroad, and you didn't even show up. What does that mean?"

Originally, Daniel had thought Michael was considerate for arranging for Sean to perform surgery on him.

But today, he had embarrassed Isabella in front of everyone.

He wouldn't let Michael off the hook with just a simple apology.

Isabella was his only granddaughter, and anyone who bullied her was going against the Wilson Family.

Michael could see the anger in Daniel's words. He smiled and took Isabella's hand, interlocking their fingers. "You misunderstand. How could I not come to Isabella's birthday? Besides, we're already trying for a baby. Maybe we'll have good news soon. Just wait and see."

The atmosphere froze.

Isabella, worried about the situation, quickly tried to smooth things over. "Grandpa, see, I wasn't lying. Michael is here, isn't he? Besides, he's now in charge of the entire Brown Family. It's normal for him to be busy. For my sake, please don't blame him."

Thomas chimed in, "Dad, you're too suspicious. You tend to blow small things out of proportion. How can you recover quickly and help Isabella take care of her child if you keep this up?"

"I know my own body. I would recover." Daniel's tone was stern, but his expression had softened considerably.

Seeing that Daniel was no longer questioning them, Isabella finally breathed a sigh of relief.

Her hand felt warm, and she realized that Michael had been holding it tightly the whole time. No wonder Daniel had let him off so easily.

She tried to pull her hand away, but Michael held on even tighter.

He leaned in and whispered, "Grandpa is watching."

Isabella looked over and met Daniel's thoughtful gaze. She instinctively moved closer to Michael.

Michael raised an eyebrow, wrapped his arm around her waist, and seemed pleased with her reaction.

For the rest of the time, the two had to put on a show in front of everyone, especially Daniel, to prove how much they loved each other and to dispel any doubts Daniel might have. Isabella's hand never left Michael's grip.

After a while, a guest came over to chat with Daniel, and Isabella finally turned away and pulled her hand free.

She went to the table to get a glass of champagne, but a large hand suddenly appeared, took her drink, and replaced it with a glass of water.

Isabella looked at him, exasperated. "Michael, Grandpa isn't here right now. You don't need to keep up the act!"

Michael didn't listen. He moved the champagne further away as she tried to reach for it. "You're trying for a baby. You can't drink."

Isabella was silent.

She hadn't expected that to be the reason. Did he really wanted to have a child with her?

But now wasn't the time to discuss this. She was more curious about why he was here. "Aren't you supposed to be in the hospital? Why did you get here?"

She didn't think Michael came for her sake. After all, she wasn't that important to him.

So when Michael hesitated, she sneered. "Michael, I don't believe you came just for my birthday. Do you even believe that yourself?"

Michael's eyes darkened, hiding all his emotions.

His injury should have kept him bedridden, but when he heard she was having a birthday party at the hotel and that she might be gossiped about because of him, he endured the pain and rushed over.

But the sarcasm in her eyes was too obvious. If he admitted it now, she would mock him endlessly.

Even if he had come for her, he couldn't admit it now.

He smirked, "You already guessed it, so why ask? I have my reasons for being here. Even if we're divorced, our business ties remain. Besides, your uncles are visiting Evergreen City for the first time. How could I miss this opportunity?"

So he endured his injury to be here because of the business interests tied to the Wilson Family.

Of course, Michael was a businessman. Valuing opportunities and interests was his instinct.

Looking at Michael, she suddenly seemed to understand something, a faint bitter smile appearing on her lips.

So, Michael's willingness to stay with her and even agree to have a child was all because of the Wilson Family's status and interests.

If she were still the nobody Isabella, divorce would have been a relief for him.

She put down the water glass, her expression turning cold. "Since you're here for family interests, you'd better not show your ambition too clearly. I'm afraid you won't be able to leave this hotel today safely!"

With that, she turned and left without looking back.

As soon as they separated, people at the party began to whisper.

"Did I hear wrong? Didn't they say Mr. Brown and Ms. Taylor were divorced? But it doesn't look like that at all!"

"Yeah, did you hear them just now? They promised Mr. Wilson they'd have a baby. Who gets divorced and still wants to have a baby together?"

"So are they divorced or not? I'm getting confused."

Someone chimed in, enlightening the crowd.

"You guys are overthinking it. Didn't you see Mr. Wilson was angry just now? The Wilson Family in the East and the Brown Family in the South are both powerhouses. Do you think their marriage is something we ordinary people should worry about?"

"Just make sure you don't say the wrong thing and get yourself in trouble!"

With that, everyone fell silent.

After all, this birthday party was hosted by the Wilson Family. Talking about their private matters on their turf was a bit much.

Just as everyone was dropping the topic, they saw two rows of men in black standing orderly at the entrance, looking like they were protecting someone.

Everyone knew the Wilson Family's status in the East, but who could be so important to make such a display at the Wilson Group? Everyone craned their necks to see who it was.

###chapter 119 Nolan Is Really Back

The crowd made way, and only then did they see Nolan being pushed in by bodyguards.

Nolan was sitting in a wheelchair, dressed in a dark gray suit with a blanket over his legs, his posture straight as he accepted everyone's gaze.

Someone shouted, "Oh my God, isn't that Mr. Nolan Brown? Why is he here?"

"Mr. Nolan Brown? Isn't he the one who was groomed as the heir of the Brown Family, took over the Brown Group a few years ago, but then suddenly resigned and went abroad for further studies?"

"That's him! I heard back then that his capabilities were so strong that Mr. Aiden Brown always had a good reputation because of him. The Brown Group's current standing in the southern part of Valoria owes half its success to him."

While everyone was talking, Isabella had already walked over.

Her eyes instinctively looked over, and her heart started beating uncontrollably.

Nolan was really back, and he still looked the same.

His features were exquisite and deep, perfectly sculpted as if by the heavens, but his brows and eyes were gentle, making people feel that his gaze was naturally tender.

He and Michael had very similar features, but their temperaments were completely different.

Michael's eyes were filled with sharpness, especially with the oppressive aura of a person in power that he had developed over the years, making it hard for people to look directly at him.

But Nolan was more like a gentleman with a calm demeanor and excellent manners.

Seeing someone walking step by step towards her, Isabella's lips curved into a smile, and she lifted her skirt and ran towards him. "Nolan, am I seeing things? You're really back?"

Nolan looked at her with a doting smile. "I was teasing you on the phone. How could I not come back for your birthday? I was supposed to be on last night's flight, but something came up and delayed me. Isabella, don't be mad at me."

"How could I be? I'm just happy you could come," Isabella said with a smile, but her eyes fell on the wheelchair under Nolan, feeling a bit puzzled, but now they were surrounded by guests. It was obviously not the right time to ask about it.

Isabella was about to push the wheelchair when a tall, beautiful woman walked over from behind and took over the wheelchair, saying softly, "Let me do it."

She hadn't noticed that there was such a person beside Nolan just now and was momentarily stunned.

She was about to take a closer look at who this person was when Nolan's words pulled her thoughts back. "Isabella, let me see, is your dress beautiful today?"

Isabella smiled at his words, walked in front of Nolan, and even spun around.

Her long hair fluttered in the wind, and the dress he had custom-made for her perfectly accentuated her graceful figure.

Especially with that smile on Isabella's face, she was so beautiful that people couldn't take their eyes off her.

A dark light flashed in Nolan's eyes as he carefully looked at Isabella, whom he hadn't seen in three years, and after a long time, he slowly spoke. "My taste was right; this dress suits you perfectly."

As soon as he said this, the onlookers gasped.

The high-end dress that had stunned everyone upon Isabella's appearance was actually from Nolan.

No matter how they looked at it, they felt that the relationship between these two was a bit unusual.

The guests' eyes couldn't help but fall on Michael, after all, who was Isabella's husband.

At this moment, Michael was staring at the two not far away with a gloomy face.

Isabella, who wanted to divorce him, and Nolan, who hadn't returned to the country in three years. In front of so many people, they didn't care about him at all.

Not only did Nolan give Isabella a dress, but he also called her first name in front of everyone.

At this moment, Michael wished he could go up and tear off the eye-catching dress from Isabella.

But he couldn't be impulsive. Today was Isabella's birthday party, and as the heiress of the Wilson Group, the Wilson Family had put on a grand display.

Not only did Daniel personally attend, but several sons of the Wilson Family, who rarely made appearances, had also flown back from abroad. It showed how much they valued Isabella.

Even if he wanted to pull Isabella away from Nolan, he had to hold back and not make a move.

Fortunately, it was already noon, and Isabella was called away by Daniel's assistant.

She sat next to Daniel, accepting everyone's blessings and gifts.

The first to step forward was Atticus, who was dressed in a dark suit today, holding a well-packaged gift box, which he solemnly placed in her hands.

"I watched you grow up, but I haven't fulfilled my responsibility to protect you over the years. But now it's different. I've decided to stay. From now on, as long as you call, I'll be there immediately. Anyone who dares to bully you will regret it for life." Atticus deliberately gave a warning in front of everyone.

Although he didn't mention Michael, every word was directed at him.

Isabella couldn't help but feel touched.

Atticus was protecting her, but it couldn't be known by outsiders, especially Daniel.

In such a happy moment, she couldn't cry, so she forced a smile and said, "Uncle Atticus, if you say that, people might misunderstand how arrogant the Wilson Family is. No one dares to bully me in Evergreen City, so don't worry."

"That's the best!" Atticus snorted coldly, his eyes glancing at Michael.

Atticus' eyes, which had seen many life-and-death situations, made Michael's back feel cold.

And it wasn't just Atticus; Isabella's other uncles also looked at him unintentionally, their eyes full of meaning.

Only Daniel's gaze was on Isabella, looking at her lovingly. "Isabella, open it and see what Atticus gave you."

"Okay." Isabella opened the gift box with anticipation, and inside was a property certificate and a new key.

She instinctively looked at it, seeing clearly the words  "Whispering Pines Estates", which was the most luxurious wealthy area in Evergreen City, built by the sea, with only a dozen properties, each far apart but with unique scenery.

It was a highly sought-after place. But it was also very expensive, having skyrocketed in price within two years of development.

It was said that the security facilities inside were excellent, with a one-button alarm system providing the highest sense of security for residents.

Isabella was stunned. "Uncle Atticus, you're giving me a villa in Whispering Pines Estates? That's too valuable; I can't accept it!"

Not to mention the high value of the property, the key point was that Atticus had just returned to the country and hadn't even found a place for himself, yet he bought her the best and most expensive property. She really couldn't accept that.

Atticus smiled. "Just take it. The money is of no use to me, so I bought this house for you."

Daniel chimed in, "Yes. Atticus has no use for money; you should help him with it."

Everyone laughed, and Isabella no longer refused and accepted it.

She knew Atticus was worried she wouldn't have a place to stay after the divorce, so he had arranged a house for her in advance.

###chapter 120 The Uncles' Intentions

At this moment, Kian walked over and handed Isabella a document. "I thought my gift would be the most extravagant today, but I didn't expect Atticus to outdo me."

Isabella took a look and her eyes lit up, finding it was the ownership of a luxury yacht. "Uncle Kian, you bought me a yacht?"

Kian didn't think much of it. Isabella was the only heiress of the Wilson family, and they naturally wanted to spoil her as much as they could.

Kian said, "I think people shouldn't always be confined to one environment. Isabella, you should go out more, see the scenery outside, and of course, when you're tired, you can relax. Going out to sea with friends is also a good choice. Everything in the yacht is fully equipped. You can't let it sit idle on the sea all day."

Isabella nodded happily. "Alright, I will go."

She had to admit that Kian really understood her.

She was worried about where to go after her divorce from Michael.

With the yacht, she could take Olivia out to sea and have all the fun she wanted.

"Hey, you two, enough already. A house and a yacht? Are you looking down on the three of us?" Holden squeezed over and dominantly tossed a key to Isabella. "You guys only know that the more money you spend, the better. Learn from me; a gift should be something Isabella likes. Only then is it truly meaningful."

Isabella took the key, puzzled, thinking Holden might have given her a house too.

But when she turned the key over and saw the iconic logo on it, her eyes widened instantly.

It was an Augusta F4CC, which was known as a piece of art on the racetrack. It was her favorite motorcycle, with incredible horsepower and a speed beyond the imagination of ordinary people, it was a limited edition worldwide.

She had once found a foreign buyer through someone, but the other party cherished the motorcycle so much that no matter how much she offered, they wouldn't sell it.

She didn't expect Holden to get it for her.

This time, Isabella was genuinely overjoyed. She gripped the key tightly, quickly hugged Holden, and then let go, smiling. "Thank you, Uncle Holden. I really like this gift."

Holden patted her head, looking smugly at the others.

Orion, dressed in a pure white suit, walked over and gave Holden a push. "Dad and others are all here. Be careful, or you'll get beaten up later."

Holden then rubbed his nose and stepped back.

Indeed, he was genuinely afraid of Atticus, who had been taking care of them since they were young.

"Isabella, I recently found something good abroad. I'll give it to you as a gift. See if you like it." Orion handed a jewelry box to Isabella.

Inside was a gemstone brooch, not a rare item in itself, but one worn by a queen of noble status in her last portrait.

The sharp-eyed people present recognized it, who were amazed at the Wilson Family's power.

The Wilson Family's sons, after leaving home, never relied on the family's influence and accumulated their wealth abroad on their own.

"Thank you, Uncle Orion," Isabella said sincerely.

Orion smiled. "I don't dare to take credit. After all, Atticus and Kian's gifts are way more expensive. I'm just giving you a little trinket, afraid you might not like it."

Isabella carefully protected the box in her hand. This thing was so precious. How could she not like it?

"I like it very much, Uncle Orion. I'll take good care of your gift," Isabella replied.

Seeing Isabella's cautious look, several uncles laughed out loud.

Now, all eyes were on Thomas, who was was the most famous among the Wilson Family's sons.

He owned a financial group that stood firm on Sterling Avenue and had the most powerful team of lawyers.

With Thomas' status, the gift he gave would surely amaze everyone.

"Isabella, I don't have much to give you. I picked a painting for you. You can hang it in the new house Atticus gave you; it will be a nice decoration." Thomas clapped his hands, and someone brought the item over.

The staff held a painting and unveiled the cloth covering it, showing an oil painting.

Isabella didn't know much about these antiques, but she recognized the signature on the painting, which was a masterpiece, very valuable- "Water Lilies."

This work had been on the highest auction and sold for no less than tens of millions of dollars.

Since it was given by Thomas, it must be the original.

Everyone gasped in amazement. Some things could be bought with money, but this was not something they could easily get.

No wonder Thomas could stand firm on Sterling Avenue; his strength was indeed formidable.

After everyone had seen the painting, it was quickly put away and brought to Isabella. "Isabella, do you like it?"

Isabella nodded "I like it. Thank you, Uncle Thomas."

She truly felt the thoughtfulness of her uncles.

Years ago, when she was kicked out of the house by Indigo, she was desperate and thought the whole world had abandoned her. But then Daniel came.

Daniel took her to the Wilson Family, raised her, and she gained five uncles who loved and spoiled her.

Now, on her birthday, her uncles were so thoughtful. How could she not be moved?

"Isabella, I gave you this painting with another meaning. I want to use the water lilies in the painting to wish you kindness and purity, and a happy and fulfilling marriage." Thomas deliberately paused, looking in Michael's direction, with a hint of menace in his eyes. "But if you ever feel unhappy, come to us. We will always support you."

With Daniel present, Thomas couldn't make it too obvious.

But everyone had heard about Michael and Isabella's divorce, and Thomas' words were clearly meant for Michael.

If he couldn't treat Isabella wholeheartedly, then the Wilsons wouldn't let him go easily.

Seeing that, Michael's face darkened.

All the gifts from Isabella's five uncles were very extravagant.

These things not only gave Isabella confidence and love but also served as a warning to him.

If he dared to let Isabella suffer even a little, he would face the collective revenge of the entire Wilson Family.

If it weren't for him using the child to keep Isabella, her uncles probably wouldn't have let him step into this hotel today.

No wonder Isabella had just told him to curb his ambition.

It turned out he had already offended all five uncles before he even introduced himself.

Thinking of this, Michael smiled bitterly.

With the gifts from her five uncles, Isabella probably had no expectations for his gift.

Isabella thought the same. Just as she thought the banquet could begin, Daniel, who had been sitting quietly beside her, suddenly raised his hand to signal for the room to quiet down.

###chapter 121 Announcing Her as the Heiress of the Wilson Family

The crowd fell silent as Daniel patted Isabella's hand.

He sighed, "Isabella, I know you have suffered a lot. You mom passed away early, and you lost your father's love at a young age. That's why your uncles and I have always doted on you, trying to make up for what you lacked. I'm getting old and don't have much to give you. I'm afraid you wouldn't accept anything too valuable, so I just found a little trinket to represent my love."

In front of the many guests, Daniel's words brought tears to Isabella's eyes. She clearly knew Daniel's love for her.

He always thought of her as a girl who left her parents early, so he always prioritized her opinions.

Even when she came to Evergreen City with the marriage contract to marry Michael, Daniel was against it.

First, the marriage contract was just a joke he made years ago, , so it shouldn't count.

Second, no matter how difficult things were for the Wilson Family, they couldn't let her bear it.

After all, marriage was an important thing. How could she agree to marry Michael without fully understanding him?

But Isabella insisted on marrying Michael. Daniel couldn't persuade her and didn't want to be harsh, so he had to agree.

The next moment, in front of everyone, Daniel took off the gemstone ring symbolizing his identity as the Gambling King and placed it on her finger.

Seeing that, the crowd was stunned.

This ring was passed down to Daniel from the senior when he became the Gambling King, and to this day, it was recognized within the circle.

Over the decades, this ring had also become a symbol of the Wilson Group's leadership.

From the beginning, there were rumors that Isabella was the heiress of the Wilson Group, but it was just a rumor.

But now, no one dared to doubt it.

Isabella didn't expect Daniel to entrust her with such a heavy responsibility. She initially just wanted to help Daniel manage the family business.

She never thought of actually taking over the entire Wilson Family.

She instinctively shook her head, but Daniel didn't give her a chance to refuse.

Daniel held her hand and announced her identity to everyone, "Most of you here have some connection with me and know what this means. Isabella is young and may act impulsively at times. If she encounters any difficulties in the future, I hope you will take care of her for my sake."

Daniel's words were humble and modest.

But everyone understood that Daniel was showing them respect.

After all, given the Wilson Family's status and strength in the eastern and southern parts of Valoria, they didn't really need anyone's care.

These words were just to make it clear to everyone that Isabella was the heiress of the Wilson Family. If anyone dared to offend her, it would be like going against the Wilson Family. They should consider the consequence. 

Isabella looked at the gemstone ring on her hand, feeling its weight like an invisible pressure surrounding her.

"Grandpa, I don't have the ability to take over the entire Wilson Family, and besides, Uncle Atticus and the other uncles are already... Isabella never thought she could bear such a great responsibility.

After all, the Wilson Family wasn't hers; her uncles were still there.

Moreover, during the time she managed the Wilson Group, she realized how exhausting it was to run a corporation. She was afraid of disappointing Daniel's expectations, and any one of Atticus and the others was much stronger than her.

But Daniel didn't give her a chance to doubt herself. "I won't allow you to undervalue yourself. In my heart, you are the best. You know Atticus and the others, who only want to find their self-worth and don't want the family business. You are the heiress I personally trained. I've taught you everything I know over the past decade. If you don't take over the Wilson Group, who will?"

Isabella pressed her lips together in silence.

She understood, but she still felt a sense of fear.

Daniel patted her head and comforted her, "Haven't you been doing well these past few months? I believe in you. As long as you are willing, you can succeed."

"Aren't you afraid I'll mess it up?" Isabella voiced her concern.

Daniel laughed heartily. "Do you not trust yourself or my judgment? I've trained you for years. You are the most suitable heiress for the Wilson Family. Besides, you are still young. Take this opportunity to gain more experience. If there's anything you don't know, your uncles and I can help you. With us around, everything will be fine."

At this point, Isabella couldn't refuse any longer.

She had the same determination as Daniel in her mind. Besides, she had her own views and insights on many things.

But this wasn't a small matter; it was about managing the entire Wilson Family.

The more she valued it, the more it constrained her.

But after hearing Daniel's words, she stopped hesitating and decided to try.

The rest of the banquet was filled with drinking and chatting.

Isabella talked with Daniel for a while and then went to find Nolan.

With so many people at the banquet, she couldn't ask him about the wheelchair earlier. Now was the perfect opportunity to ask what happened.

.

When Isabella found Nolan, who was standing alone on the balcony, silently looking out the window.

Nolan's focused expression made her reluctant to disturb him.

She walked over quietly and gently patted his shoulder. "Nolan, what are you thinking about?"

Seeing it was her, Nolan's eyes softened. "Nothing much. Are you done over there?"

"Yes, so I came to find you right away." Isabella stood in front of him, about to ask about his legs, when a slender figure appeared between them. It was the beautiful woman who had pushed Nolan's wheelchair earlier.

The woman stood behind Nolan, holding the wheelchair's handles. Her features were delicate, but her eyes were empty without any emotion.

Seeing such a beauty always by Nolan's side, Isabella glanced between the two of them.

She couldn't help but tease, "Nolan, you've been away for three years. It's normal to have a girlfriend. Aren't you going to introduce her to me?"

Nolan just smiled calmly. "Violet is not my girlfriend. We met by chance abroad. She's like a student to me."

Violet nodded at Isabella and extended her hand. " Hello, I'm Violet Cooper."

"Isabella Taylor!" Isabella shook Violet's hand briefly but felt a strange sense of familiarity.

Isabella curiously observed the beautiful woman named Violet.

Even though it was their first meeting, Isabella thought that she had seen her somewhere before.

###chapter 122 Violet

But considering that Violet was Nolan's student, she didn't feel comfortable asking directly. Isabella quickly averted her gaze.

She added, "Nolan, how long will you be staying in Evergreen City this time?"

Although she was reluctant to part with Nolan, she couldn't force him to stay.

Nolan had gone abroad for further studies and was later retained by a prestigious foreign university as a young professor. Since then, he had stayed abroad.

Thinking about how they hadn't seen each other for years and now had to face separation again, Isabella couldn't help but feel a wave of sadness.

Nolan noticed her expression and a meaningful smile appeared on his lips. "Isabella, Do you want me to stay?"

"Of course," Isabella blurted out, "We haven't seen each other for years. I really miss you, Nolan."

Nolan's smile deepened, making him look fresh and gentle, giving off an approachable vibe. "Since it's your wish, I'll stay."

Isabella was stunned, thinking she had misheard. "Nolan, are you serious?"

Nolan didn't tease her anymore and nodded. "A university here has offered me a position, so I plan to stay in the country."

He lowered his eyes and said calmly, "Grandpa's health has been deteriorating in recent years. I want to spend more time with him while I can."

Nolan made it sound simple, but Isabella knew how much he had sacrificed.

In three years, he had already established a solid foundation abroad. Suddenly returning to start over was a significant sacrifice.

She bit her lip and her gaze fell on Nolan's legs, which were in a wheelchair.

She wanted to ask him what had happened, but she was afraid of touching a sore spot in front of others. Just as she was hesitating, Violet suddenly spoke up, "Ms. Taylor, I wanted to ask about the handsome man who was standing with you at the banquet. He's so attractive. Could you introduce me?"

Isabella was momentarily stunned but quickly realized who she was talking about.

Except for the gift-giving segment by her uncles, the only person standing next to her was Michael.

She couldn't help but notice that Violet's eyes sparkled with interest when she mentioned Michael.

Before she could respond, Nolan's face darkened slightly, and he said calmly, "Violet, don't forget why you came back. Don't ask about people you shouldn't be interested in."

Violet bit her lip and didn't dare to argue.

Isabella also felt a bit awkward.

From her standpoint, Michael would soon have nothing to do with her, but Nolan was defending Michael for her sake.

After all, they weren't officially divorced yet.

But now, she no longer cared about such things. "Nolan, it's okay. It's normal for people to be attracted to beautiful things and people. Besides, Violet is around my age. It's common for her to be interested in someone like Michael."

Nolan still frowned, but Isabella no longer cared.

She took a couple of steps forward and said to Violet, "The man you're talking about is Michael, my husband."

"This..." Violet seemed surprised and covered her mouth.

But if Isabella looked closely, she would find Violet's surprise didn't reach her eyes; it was just on the surface.

"I'm really sorry, Ms. Taylor. I didn't know you were couple ." Violet apologized.

Isabella shook her head. "No need to apologize. We've already filed for divorce, so we're not really a couple anymore. If you like him, feel free to pursue him. I don't mind."

Although she said it, she still feel hurt inside.

But wasn't the outcome between her and Michael already clear? They were destined to be impossible.

With his looks and family background, someone new would soon appear by his side, a fact she had to face, so letting go early was something she had to do.

Perhaps shocked by Isabella's words, Violet awkwardly smiled and found an excuse to leave the balcony.

In the small space, only she and Nolan were left.

Isabella found a place to sit and looked out the window with Nolan.

"Isabella, is it really impossible between you and Michael?" Nolan asked.

At that time, during the phone call, Isabella's tone had a hint of anger. He thought she was just mad at Michael.

After all, he had seen how much Isabella liked Michael. How could she bear to let him go?

But now, he had to reassess their relationship.

Isabella let out a sarcastic laugh. "Nolan, I'm not joking. We've already signed the divorce papers. In a while, we really won't have anything to do with each other."

Nolan wanted to say something but didn't, because he didn't want to make her uncomfortable.

Knowing he was worried about her, Isabella took a deep breath. "Nolan, whether I divorce him or not, you and Grandpa will always be my family."

In her heart, she had long considered them her family, just like Daniel.

Michael had only looked away for a moment, and Isabella had slipped away.

He was searching for her in the crowd when a sexy woman in high heels blocked his way.

She said with a seductive voice , "Mr. Brown, who are you looking for?"

Michael squinted and frowned.

This woman had a completely unfamiliar face, yet he felt an inexplicable sense of familiarity from her.

"Do you know me?" Michael squinted his eyes and asked coldly.

Given his status and position in Evergreen City, many women boldly approached him at various events, but she dared to block his way openly.

She didn't even consider whose banquet it was today. Was she stupid or doing it on purpose?

"Let me introduce myself. I'm Violet!" Violet raised an eyebrow and extended her hand to Michael, her gaze openly showing her interest and desire for him.

From start to finish, her eyes were fixed on him.

Michael had seen all kinds of women over the years, but Violet was the first to treat him as someone she could casually flirt with just because she was interested.

If it were someone else, it might have piqued their curiosity, but he disliked and even detested her behavior.

Seeing Violet's slender hand awkwardly hanging in the air, Michael raised an eyebrow, took a glass of red wine from a passing waiter, and took a sip.

"You've got the wrong person. I'm not interested in your type. Even if you're different from others, I wouldn't give you a second look." With that, Michael casually placed the wine glass aside and turned to leave.

He was in a hurry to find Isabella.

Was Isabella convinced he hadn't prepared a birthday gift for her, so she wouldn't even wait for him for a minute.

###chapter 123 It Seems She Misunderstood Him

Violet didn't chase after him. Her face, which should have shown shame and anger from being rejected, was instead filled with uncontrollable excitement.

She was right after all; Michael still had feelings for her.

Isabella had personally admitted to their divorce, and Violet had tested him, knowing that the only person he loved was her.

Indeed, Violet was Bianca.

She had been sent to Auroria by Michael, enduring inhuman pain and suffering.

Finally, she seized a perfect opportunity to escape and found someone who could help her.

She didn't blame Michael; she only hated Isabella. If Isabella hadn't fought her for Michael and became his wife that rightfully belonged to her, Michael wouldn't have seen through her schemes, and none of this would have happened.

Thinking all the the evil began with Isabelle, Violet came back this time to take revenge on Isabella.

She wanted Isabella to experience the same suffering she had endured in Auroria.

Just thinking about Isabella being whipped and kneeling on the ground, begging for mercy, made Violet ecstatic.

She had to make Isabella suffer a thousand times more than she did.

The more miserable Isabella was, the happier she would be.

Meanwhile, Michael, after circling around, finally spotted Isabella in a corner of the terrace.

Her long hair flowed over her shoulders, swaying in the wind, and her slender waist was accentuated by her dress.

Before Michael's eyes could light up, he saw someone he least wanted to see.

From behind, Nolan and Isabella were standing very close, almost as if they were about to kiss.

Michael's face immediately darkened, his fists clenched, and he strode over to them.

He didn't care what they were talking about; he pulled Isabella away from Nolan and into his own arms.

Michael warned Nolan, "Isabella is my wife. Nolan, you just got back to the country, so you'd better remember your place."

Isabella was stunned when her wrist was suddenly grabbed.

Hearing Michael's words, her anger flared up. "Michael, what are you doing? Nolan and I finally got a chance to meet, why should he listen to you? And you, what right do you have to control me?"

Isabella's face turned blush with anger.

He had already accepted the divorce, so why was he putting on this act?

"What right? I'm your man!"

"What right? I'm your husband!" Michael retorted bluntly.

But it was only then that he noticed Isabella had been standing near the glass, with some distance between her and Nolan.

Although he had realized it, he didn't want to explain in front of Nolan. He held Isabella tightly and said, "Isabella and I have something to discuss. Nolan, make yourself at home."

Michael's grip was strong, and as he led her through the crowd at the party, Isabella couldn't make a scene in front of everyone.

But Michael clearly took advantage of the situation, dragging her to a room upstairs in the hotel.

Once inside, he pushed her onto the bed, staring at her dress with a dark expression. "Take it off, or I won't mind helping you."

Michael's actions instantly reminded Isabella of familiar scenes.

That night at the Brown Villa, he had said the same thing, followed by a night of relentless "torment."

Isabella frowned, her hands tightly covering her chest.

She retorted, "The guests downstairs are here for my birthday party, Michael. Stop your disgusting thoughts. If I don't show up soon, Uncle Atticus and the others will come looking for you."

She had thought that the warnings from Atticus and the others at the party would make Michael more conscious, but Michael didn't care at all.

Even now, he was still thinking about making love with her..

But what Isabella didn't know was that Michael's loss of control was all because of the dress Nolan had given her. 

Seeing that dress reminded him of her twirling happily in front of Nolan. Every second she wore it, his eyes burned with pain.

If she didn't want to take it off herself, he didn't mind doing it for her.

Suddenly, the custom-made dress on Isabella was torn to shreds in Michael's hands, revealing her delicate skin.

She was shocked, covering her chest and glaring at Michael. "Michael, you bastard! Even now, you're still in heat! Get out!"

Isabella's hands trembled with anger, not just because the dress was a gift from Nolan, but also because it was her birthday.

Michael had torn her dress. Did he have any respect for her at all?

"If I leave, you won't have anything to wear." Michael suppressed his anger, took out his phone, and called Aaron. "Bring the items up, and make sure no one sees."

Hearing that, Isabella's heart skipped a beat.

She couldn't help but think, 'What was Michael asking Aaron to bring? Could it be some kind of toy or aphrodisiac?'

The thought made Isabella shudder. She hadn't forgotten what he had said before. He wouldn't allow her to have any intimate behavior with other men.

Was he so angry that he planned to make love with her here? Fortunately, her uncles were downstairs. If she didn't show up soon, Atticus and the others would come looking for her. She believed they could handle Michael.

With that thought, Isabella's tension eased a bit. She grabbed a nearby blanket to cover herself.

Soon, there was a knock on the door.

Isabella's heart was in her throat.

Michael wouldn't really have bought those things to use on her, would he? If he did, she would never forgive him.

But the next second, Michael walked in with two gift boxes.

Before Isabella could speak, Michael opened the larger box, revealing its contents-a red dress-and handed it to her.

Isabella's eyes widened, and she realized she might have misunderstood him.

Seeing Isabella's eyes change from anger to surprise, Michael awkwardly cleared his throat. He pushed the dress closer to her.

His tone was still as cold as before. "Just this once. If I catch you wearing clothes from another man again, see how I deal with you."

Isabella was speechless, thinking he was crazy.

What did he mean by that? The dress was from his own brother, Nolan.

.

Isabella replied, "Michael, can you curb your possessiveness as a man? We've already filed for divorce. In a month, you'll be my ex-husband. It's none of your business if I wear clothes from someone else or even be with someone else."

###chapter 124 Do You Like Him?

She always felt that Michael was becoming increasingly strange.

Before, she had tried everything to please him, just to get a few more glances from him, but all she received were his cold stares and sarcasm.

Now that she had completely given up and wanted to break up with him, he suddenly became possessive like never before, as if he had taken the wrong medicine. Could Michael have a severe masochistic tendency.

Isabella quickly shook off this crazy thought. If Michael had such a strange fetish, that would be too perverted.

Michael had originally planned to wait for her to get dressed and then take her downstairs.

Hearing her words, his expression instantly changed.

He strode to the bedside, leaned over her with his hands on either side of her body, and pinched her chin, questioning her harshly. "Say that again!"

Isabella's eyes widened as Michael's face came closer for a kiss. She belatedly tried to push him away. "Michael, you bastard."

The more she resisted, the more fiercely Michael kissed her.

"Michael." Just as Isabella was about to suffocate, Michael finally left her lips.

But he didn't let her off so easily. He lowered his head and bit her neck, lingering for a moment before continuing to kiss her collarbone.

This was Isabella's sensitive spot. Every time they made love, as long as he kissed here, she would become intensely aroused.

Knowing she would be embarrassed, he kissed her lightly, not leaving any marks. But it was enough to make Isabella's body heat up.

Before his body could react, Michael quickly got up and stood by the bed, keeping a distance from Isabella.

He was afraid that if he got any closer, he wouldn't be able to resist making love to her right there.

Isabella's face was flushed. Michael knew her body too well; she had almost cried out just now.

Before she could grab her clothes, Michael's words made her frown. "Stay away from Nolan from now on. I don't like seeing you two together."

He could tolerate anyone else, but not Nolan.

"Michael, don't go too far. Why can't I get close to Nolan? You're really unresonable!"

Michael sneered. "Isabella, do I need to spell out what you're thinking?"

Isabella looked shocked and stunned. " Michael, you'd better make yourself clear today!"

She could see the disdain and sarcasm in Michael's eyes.

He usually wronged she had affairwith others, but Nolan was his brother. How could he think that way about her and Nolan?

"Fine, let's make it clear." Michael's eyes were deep and unreadable. "Haven't you noticed? Whenever Nolan is mentioned, your reaction is the biggest. I only told you to stay away from him, and your reaction couldn't be more obvious!"

"Isabella, do you like him?" Saying this made Michael feel terrible, but he had to ask.

Seeing Isabella's expression, he regretted it.

Her special feelings for Nolan were obvious to him; how could she not know?

But the stunned Isabella wasn't shocked because Michael had guessed her feelings; she was shocked by Michael's words.

At first, she didn't understand the source of his anger, but now she knew everything.

She never expected that he actually thought of her that way. If she liked Nolan, why would she have put down her pride to marry him and stay by his side for three years without complaint?

Isabella was truly heartbroken by him. Since he was so suspicious of her, she might as well give him an answer. "Yes! I do like Nolan. I like his gentleness, I like how he always thinks of me. Can you do that?"

But her feelings for Nolan were not romantic; they were familial.

She didn't just like him; she felt sorry for his experiences.

Back then, he left without a word, going alone to a foreign country for three years.

Now that everything was stable, he came back because he was worried about Aiden.

Even though his legs were injured, no one cared about him.

And Nolan's brother, Michael, was suspicious of Nolan's actions just because he was close to Isabella .

Why should someone as noble and elegant as Nolan endure such disgusting suspicion?

Hearing her answer, Michael felt like his heart had been hit by a bullet, whose already sickly face turned a shade paler.

He clenched his fists to keep himself from losing control.

He couldn't understand. He and Nolan looked about very alike. Why did Isabella like Nolan and not him?

Violent thoughts surged in his mind. He wanted to pin her down and show her who her man was in the most intimate way.

But when he thought of her torn wounds and the people waiting for her downstairs, he held back. He couldn't hurt her heart any further.

He spoke in a calm voice, hiding his emotions, "Fine, I can't control who you like, but you must remember our marriage isn't over yet. Don't let me see you getting close to those men again, Nolan included!"

Before Isabella could respond, he stared straight at her. "Time is limited. If you don't change into your dress soon, I will make love with you right now."

Isabella's eyelid twitched hard, and she knew she wouldn't confront him head-on about this.

Now that she knew why he was angry, she needed to get out of this room first.

"I'll change!" She got up to grab the red dress from the box. In her haste, her current dress fell off.

Feeling a chill, she instinctively covered herself, only to meet Michael's deep gaze, which were filled with undisguised desire.

He wanted to make love to her, and Isabella's actions seemed like she was deliberately seducing him.

Seeing the heat in Michael's eyes, Isabella was startled. She quickly covered herself with the dress and shouted, "Who told you to look? Turn around!"

Thinking she was just shy, he chuckled. "Isabella, is this really necessary? I have been familiar with every part of your body?"

"I told you to turn around because I don't want to see you. What are you thinking?" Isabella gritted her teeth in anger but had to endure it for now.

Who knew if he would suddenly pin her down and have his way with her? She had to be cautious.

"Do you really think I want to look? It's boring," Michael snorted, glanced at her, and then turned around.

###chapter 125 His Intentions

A few minutes later, Isabella had changed into her dress.

Michael had chosen a red off-shoulder cocktail dress, simple and elegant, with two cutouts at the waist.

The length was just right, ending above her knees, and revealed her slender, well-proportioned legs.

The color suited her perfectly, enhancing her natural beauty and adding a touch of sexy allure.

Wearing high heels, she walked to the mirror and instantly fell in love with the dress.

Grand yet elegant, with special detailing at the chest, it was definitely Michael's style.

But she wouldn't give him any credit just because it was his choice. Even if she liked it, she wouldn't admit it in front of him.

Through the mirror, Isabella saw Michael's tall figure approaching her.

His deep eyes were glued to her, and a faint smile curved his lips. "Not bad."

Isabella glanced at him.

As expected, getting a compliment from him was difficult, though the dress looked perfect on her.

The dress Nolan had given her was suitable for a demure lady. It was beautiful, but she couldn't move around freely in it.

The dress Michael gave her freed her legs and didn't constrain her upper body.

But she wouldn't change her opinion of him just because of a dress.

For him, it was almost effortless. He just needed to say the word, and his assistant would bring everything to him.

He only needed to pick one he liked from the many options.

After all, he couldn't go out of his way to choose a dress for her.

At that moment, Michael handed her a small square box.

His expression had softened considerably. "This is your birthday gift. See if you like it."

Earlier at the party, her uncles had been very generous with their gifts. Although he had prepared in advance, she probably wasn't expecting anything from him.

Seeing her surrounded by people next to Daniel, he had refrained from disturbing her.

When she took the box, Isabella was surprised and even a bit nervous.

In three years of marriage, Michael had never given her a gift. She had always spent her birthdays alone.

And now, he had prepared a birthday gift for her.

After receiving luxurious gifts from her uncles, she was curious about what Michael had given her.

Opening the box, Isabella pressed her lips together, and she found it was a transparent crystal gemstone. Upon closer inspection, it looked very similar to the gemstone ring Daniel had given her, both made of high-quality materials and looking ancient.

She held the gemstone in her hand, feeling its warmth spread from her fingertips, soothing her.

Isabella didn't know much about these things, but she couldn't bear to let go of this gemstone.

She couldn't gauge its value, but she didn't think Michael would send her a fake.

Michael could tell what she was thinking. He took the gemstone from her hand and removed the expensive Azure Elegance from her neck.

He placed the gemstone he had given her around her neck and said, "I had this blessed by a priest to keep you safe. Don't take it off."

Isabella was stunned, thinking, 'Is this really Michael? Has he suddenly changed his personality?'

The gemstone against her skin made her feel warm inside.

The value of the gift didn't matter anymore; what mattered was Michael's intention.

But it was funny. This was the kind of gesture she had once dreamed of.

But now, she touched the gemstone on her chest, feeling a sense of melancholy.

If only Michael had cared for her a bit earlier. But unfortunately, this was impossible.

Suddenly, someone knocked on the door. "Ms. Taylor, the party has started a new program. Mr. Wilson asked me to invite you downstairs."

"I know," Isabella replied.

It seemed Atticus had seen her and Michael go upstairs, so he had come specifically to find her.

Turning to look at Michael, Isabella raised an eyebrow and said, "The gift is nice. I'll keep it."

Then she walked out the door.

Michael smiled and followed her downstairs.

When Atticus found out Isabella and Michael had gone upstairs together, he was so anxious he almost sent someone to barge in. Thomas had stopped him.

But now, seeing Isabella and Michael appear together, with Michael holding her hand, Atticus immediately regretted it.

He shouldn't have listened to Thomas. He should have gone up and punched Michael, then found an excuse to kick him out. He didn't want to see Michael ever again.

Isabella's red dress was eye-catching. Atticus stepped forward and pulled Isabella away from Michael.

He whispered, "What's with the dress?"

Isabella had changed her dress after being with Michael, which was suspicious.

Isabella knew Atticus had misunderstood.

But if she told him that Michael had torn her dress, it would cause the trouble to the party, so she had to find a middle ground.

Isabella explained, "I got my period and accidentally stained my dress. I didn't want anyone to see, and since he was there, I asked his assistant to bring me a new dress."

Atticus raised an eyebrow. "Is he really that considerate?"

"It's true. You can check the surveillance if you don't believe me," Isabella said sincerely.

Atticus finally relaxed. "As long as he didn't bully you. If you need anything, come to me, not him!"

"I know, Uncle Atticus."

The party was organized by Atticus, and he had a lot to oversee.

Knowing she wasn't bullied by Michael, he quickly went to accompany Daniel.

At that moment, Violet pushed Nolan to the front row of the stage.

Isabella was already seated in the front row, and Michael naturally sat next to her.

Nolan was in a wheelchair and didn't need a seat, so he could sit anywhere.

Isabella had someone move the chair next to her so Nolan could sit beside her.

Seeing that, Michael's face immediately darkened.

It seemed she had completely forgotten his earlier warning.

Whenever Nolan appeared, her attention was no longer on him.

At that moment, Violet quietly sat next to Michael and pretended to greet him casually, "Mr. Brown, what a coincidence. You don't mind if I sit here, do you?"

###chapter 126 Performing a Show

Violet's face lit up with a perfectly measured smile, the kind Michael used to love the most.

Michael, currently jealous of Isabella giving way to Nolan, raised an eyebrow when he heard a sound nearby.

He deliberately said in front of Isabella, "I don't mind, having a beautiful woman by my side makes me happy!"

They were sitting right next to her, so there was no way Isabella couldn't hear it.

But she tried her best not to let it bother her, reminding herself that Michael's personal life was none of her concern.

To avoid focusing all her attention on Michael, she turned her gaze to Nolan.

Nolan and Michael sat on either side of her, looking quite similar, but their temperaments were nothing alike.

Nolan was a gentle gentleman, with outstanding qualities and strong abilities, as if nothing in the world could shake him.

However, Michael was a hot-tempered person.

He would get angry over the trivial things, and sometimes she didn't even know what had upset him before he suddenly lost control.

What she couldn't understand was why she was so hopelessly in love with someone as bad-tempered as Michael.

What would it be like if Michael with Nolan's gentleness and thoughtfulness.

Isabella bit her lip slightly, imagining a scene that made her infatuated, and her gaze remained fixed on Nolan.

To Michael, this look was evidence that Isabella was uncontrollably infatuated with Nolan.

His eyes instantly darkened. He even ignored Violet, who kept trying to talk to him.

Seeing the two of them exchanging such affectionate glances right in front of him, he thought they would be even more intimate if they were alone.

Thinking of this, Michael grabbed Isabella's waist and pulled her close, whispering coldly in her ear, "If you keep looking, I'll have a wall built between you two!"

Isabella snapped back to reality, meeting Michael's sinister gaze in a daze, and unconsciously replied, "How do you know I was looking at him?"

The pain in her waist instantly brought Isabella back to her senses.

Michael's face had darkened completely, and he held her tightly, not letting her move an inch. "Isabella, flirting with Nolan right in front of me, do you think I'm chopped liver?"

Feeling guilty, Isabella coughed lightly and said indifferently, "You're clearly alive and well."

After saying that, she no longer looked at Michael's face.

The low pressure emanating from him was enough for her to sense how angry he was, but she didn't care.

Why could he chat with Violet in front of her, but she couldn't look at Nolan?

Besides, she wasn't looking at just anyone; she was looking at his brother, Nolan.

Michael couldn't do anything about her, so he could only grit his teeth and glare at Nolan, who completely ignored him.

Michael was utterly defeated.

Sitting nearby, Violet witnessed Michael's concern for Isabella and her indifference towards him, feeling furious inside.

In just a few days, Isabella had learned how to pique Michael's interest.

She flirted with Nolan in front of Michael, arousing his possessiveness, and then ignored him.

Poor Michael, knowing it was Isabella's tactic, still fell for it.

What right did a woman like Isabella have to receive Michael's favor? Only she, Violet, was worthy of Michael's love.

'Isabella, don't you enjoy being adored? I want to see if you could maintain your reputation once your spotlight is stolen.' Thinking of that, a hint of malice flashed in Violet's eyes.

She greeted Isabella softly across Michael, "Ms. Taylor, today is your birthday party. I wonder if your final program is the same as ours?"

Isabella turned to look at Violet, feeling an inexplicable dislike for her.

She didn't like dealing with someone as opportunistic as Violet, whose ambition was extremely obvious.

But for Nolan's sake, she replied, "Ms. Cooper, I don't know what special program you are referring to?"

Seeing Isabella respond, Violet smiled. "It's nothing special. It's just that at our place, we usually have the birthday person perform at the end as a way to conclude the celebration."

Hearing this, Isabella squinted her eyes.

From the first moment, she had seen through Violet's intentions.

But she didn't expect Violet to spend so much time just to get her to perform a program. What was Violet up to?

As if afraid Isabella would refuse, Violet continued, "Ms. Taylor, please don't misunderstand. I heard from Mr. Brown that you are very talented and smart, so I thought of this. It's also a way to let more people see your charm."

Isabella was stunned for a moment and instinctively glanced at Nolan.

To her surprise, Nolan was also looking at her, his eyes filled with embarrassment and awkwardness.

It was clear that these words had indeed come from his mouth.

Nolan wasn't the type to talk about the personalities of those around him.

Expect for touched, Isabella was also curious about Nolan and Violet's relationship.

Unless they were close, Nolan wouldn't mention such things to her.

After thinking for a moment, Isabella smiled. "Nolan was flattering me. I usually just laze around at home, not very talented. Performing on stage is not for me. It would be embarrassing if I messed up."

She said this last part specifically for Violet.

From the moment they met, Violet had been inquiring about Michael, and now she was bringing up the topic of her performing on stage. Violet's hostility was too obvous to be ignored for her.

"Ms. Taylor, I don't believe that. Mr. Brown wouldn't lie about such things. Not only me, but Mr. Brown also wants to see your performance. Ms. Taylor, would you really disappoint Mr. Brown?" By the end, Violet was speaking to Isabella in a very familiar tone, making Isabella frown and feel like she had heard it somewhere before.

Knowing that Violet was insisting on her performing despite expecting her refusal, Isabella had to question her intentions.

Since Violet's focus was on the stage, she decided to play along and see what Violet was up to.

"You've said so much, it would be wrong for me to refuse. What do you think this special program should be?" Isabella raised an eyebrow and asked.

On the surface, she was giving Violet the choice, but in reality, she was waiting to find flaws in Violet's reaction.

She didn't care about the performance; she just wanted to see what Violet was trying to use her for.

Violet's eyes lit up, pretending to have just noticed, and pointed to the piano on the stage. "I heard from Mr. Brown that you play the piano very well. Why not play a piece for everyone to enjoy?"

###chapter 127 The Piano Competition

Isabella laughed directly upon hearing this and retorted unceremoniously, "Ms. Cooper, you must have mistaken me for someone else. I've never played the piano in front of Nolan. How do you know I play so well? However, I do know someone named Bianca. I've heard she's quite good at the piano."

After all, that was the only thing Bianca could boast about.

As she spoke, Isabella's eyes darkened.

She had felt something was off since earlier, especially with Violet's tone and demeanor.

It was somewhat reminiscent of Bianca, who had been sent away from Auroria by Michael.

Before Isabella could scrutinize further, Violet said seriously, "I couldn't possibly be mistaken. Ms. Taylor, you hold such a high place in Mr. Brown's heart; how could he lie? Ms. Taylor, are you afraid of playing poorly and being questioned?"

"Violet!" Nolan, who had been quietly sitting beside them, couldn't help but frown. "That's enough. Today is Isabella's birthday party. No one can force her to do something she doesn't want to, and I never told you those things."

Isabella had always known about Nolan's favoritism towards her.

However, she was more interested in Michael's reaction now.

Michael usually loved to oppose Isabella. Now that Violet was deliberately making things difficult for her, he surprisingly held back and didn't refute her.

Seeing Nolan protect Isabella in front of him, Michael was furious.

He smirked sarcastically. "Don't you find your words contradictory, Nolan? Ms. Cooper is your student. If you hadn't told her Isabella could play the piano, how would she know? But Nolan, since when did you know so much about Isabella's hobbies?"

What angered him more was that even Nolan knew Isabella could play the piano, yet he had never heard about it. How many more secrets did Isabella have that he didn't know about?

Facing Michael's provocation, Nolan didn't hold back. He coldly replied, "You do know Isabella is your wife, right? Shouldn't you, as her husband, be aware of her hobbies and interests? Besides, today is her birthday. You should be making her happy, not questioning her at this moment!"

Michael felt his anger burn even more at Nolan's words.

He sneered and asked, "Why would I question her? Nolan, you are more clear than anyone.""

His words clearly implied that there was something inappropriate between Isabella and Nolan.

"Michael, I'm your brother. What do you take Isabella for?" Nolan was furious.

Michael raised an eyebrow. "She is, of course, my wife. So, Nolan, you should be the one to clarify your position and get rid of any inappropriate thoughts as soon as possible."

No matter who dared to make a move on Isabella, Michael wouldn't let them go.

After speaking, Michael intentionally said to Violet beside him, "Ms. Cooper, thanks to your reminder, otherwise, I wouldn't have known Isabella could play the piano."

Seeing Michael finally look at her, Violet's eyes sparkled with excitement.

She said coquettishly, "Mr. Brown, how do you plan to thank me?"

Violet raised an eyebrow at him and deliberately leaned closer to Michael's arm.

As adults, Violet's suggestive meaning was very clear.

Isabella frowned at their intimate behavior, feeling a strange sense of familiarity.

Violet's tone and actions in seducing Michael were reminiscent of Bianca.

If it weren't for their completely different appearances, she might have mistaken Violet for Bianca.

At this moment, Michael raised his hand nonchalantly, rejecting Violet's approach.

His peripheral vision, however, glanced at Isabella and Nolan, his tone filled with jealousy. "If you want a reward, then let's have a competition. The winner will naturally get a prize."

He just wanted to separate Isabella and Nolan. As long as they weren't sticking together in front of him, that was enough.

"Ms. Cooper, I hope you can show your true skills and let me witness a real musical event." Michael's deep, magnetic voice and overly refined profile carried an indescribable allure.

Violet was instantly captivated by him.

Indeed, when Michael said this, he was watching Isabella's reaction.

She and Nolan were being intimate in front of him, so now he was being intimate with Violet in front of her. He wanted to see if she still had any feelings for him.

If she showed even a hint of jealousy, he would immediately distance himself from Violet. But he had underestimated his place in Isabella's heart.

Isabella merely glanced at them, her gaze falling on the excited Violet. "It seems today's competition is inevitable! Ms. Cooper, how do you propose we compete? It can't just be playing a piece, that's too boring. How about we set a rule first, choose a piece from the same master, and the winner gets a desired gift. How about that?"

Violet's eyes flickered, but she maintained a calm exterior, though she was already delighted inside. "Ms. Taylor, I'll follow your lead."

Others might not know Isabella's skills, but she was well aware. She hadn't seen Isabella play any instrument over the years.

It was only during the days when Isabella was getting a divorce from Michael that her identity as a racing queen was revealed. So she couldn't have any musical insight, let alone playing a masterpiece.

Isabella saw through her scheme at a glance, smiling coldly.. Not giving Violet a chance to regret, she raised her hand and signaled the people on stage to pause.

Isabella confidently went on stage and briefly explained her intention to have an impromptu piano competition with Violet.

Today was her birthday party, soher proposal naturally received much support and approval.

The atmosphere instantly became lively.

Isabella continued, "In a moment, Ms. Cooper and I will each play a piece, and everyone present will score us. The one with the highest score wins."

As soon as she finished speaking, the crowd buzzed with excitement.

Someone laughed and asked, "Ms. Taylor, youeidea is great, but since it's a competition, there should be a reward to liven things up. Otherwise, what's the point?"

This was exactly what Isabella had in mind, but she didn't show it on the surface.

Instead, she threw the question back to the crowd. "I hadn't thought of that. Why don't you all give some suggestions, and I'll consider them."

Before the crowd could respond, Michael stood up and walked to the front of the stage.

His eyes fixed on Isabella, a faint smile playing on his lips. "Since you can't decide, how about I suggest one?"

In front of everyone, he raised an eyebrow at her. It was obvious to everyone that Michael still liked Isabella.

Their relationship didn't seem like they were about to divorce; it was more like newlyweds who couldn't get enough of each other.

###chapter 128 Bet Your Gem

In front of everyone, Isabella found it hard to refuse Michael, but she felt a vague sense of unease.

Michael had been pushing her towards the stage since earlier, and now he was actively suggesting a competition reward.

From what she knew about Michael, he definitely had another plan.

With so many people watching and it being her birthday party, if she refused Michael's proposal now, the news of their discord would likely reach Daniel's ears in no time.

After some thought, Isabella chose to compromise. "What do you suggest?"

Michael knew she would agree, his eyes fixed on her as he said, "Since it's a competition, why not make it bold? If you lose, why not pick one of the many gifts you received today and give it to the other person? Do you dare to try?"

As soon as he said this, everyone below was shocked.

Everyone had seen Isabella's gifts earlier; each one from her uncles was of great significance to her and very valuable. Even the cheapest one was worth tens of millions of dollars.

If she gave it away, wouldn't Violet become the winner of the day on the spot?

Isabella met Michael's gaze and replied directly, "Alright, it's settled then."

Over the years of being married to Michael, she had put away some of her previous hobbies, but that didn't mean her years of memories had become blank.

Even if she really lost to Violet, she wasn't worried about the gifts her uncles gave her.

Because she had already thought of a backup plan for herself.

After speaking, she picked up the gemstone pendant around her neck, which was the birthday gift Michael had just given her in the hotel room, and he had threatened her not to take it off.

Although she hadn't asked the price, knowing Michael's character, the gift he gave wouldn't be cheap.

Isabella said, "Everyone, this gemstone is a birthday gift from Michael. I believe everyone knows his character and generosity. This is my sincerity."

Just now in the room, she naively thought he had put effort into choosing the gift for her.

But then he turned around and got entangled with Violet, right in front of her.

Since the two of them couldn't be together anymore, she wouldn't accept the gift he gave.

But there was one more thing she wanted to ask, "If I win, Ms. Cooper, what will you r offer in exchange?"

Her taking out something didn't mean she would definitely lose. Although Daniel doted on her, he had put effort into her years of training.

As the heiress of the Wilson Family, how could Isabella not understand these social intricacies?

It was one thing for Michael to deliberately make them compete, but for Violet to follow along was truly foolish.

Below the stage, Michael's face darkened as he watched Isabella holding the gemstone he had given her as a bet, thinking she was really heartless.

That gemstone was something he had specially found to protect her safety; she couldn't even take it off, let alone give it away so casually?

Angry as he was, Michael didn't really hope for Isabella to lose.

Now that she had taken that gemstone as a bet, he was even less likely to let it fall into Violet's hands.

If necessary, he wouldn't mind using some tricks.

The outcome was already in his hands; he didn't care about the stakes anymore.

Unexpectedly, Violet trusted him so much that she handed the choice to him. "Mr. Brown, Ms. Taylor's idea was from you, and I agree."

Michael raised an eyebrow and quickly sized her up. "Are you sure?"

Violet thought he was hinting at something, her face flushed, and she bit her lip as she looked at him. "I trust you."

He sneered, glancing at her relentlessly. "Ms. Cooper, I see you aren't wearing any valuable jewelry, but that white dress you are wearing is quite nice. If you lose, you can leave the dress here."

Upon hearing this, everyone's eyes quickly turned to Violet.

As Michael said, Violet wasn't wearing any valuable jewelry except for that white dress.

But if Violet left the dress behind, it would be like throwing her dignity to the ground and stomping on it.

A gemstone and a dress, although incomparable in price, were fundamentally different in nature. They couldn't really let Violet walk out naked.

Everyone whispered, thinking that Michael was clearly siding with Isabella.

But Violet didn't think so. When she heard that the gemstone around Isabella's neck was a special gift from Michael, she was extremely jealous.

She didn't care how much the gemstone was worth; it showed Michael had started to care about Isabella. In the past, Michael would never give Isabella anything.

Now, not only did he personally come to Isabella's birthday, but he also chose a birthday gift for her.

Originally, all this love and honor should have belonged to Violet. Including Michael, who should be hers too.

Since he gave it away, she would take it back because she was sure to win.

"Alright!" Violet almost agreed without hesitation.

She firmly believed that Michael had set this condition because he believed she would win and had casually made an excuse.

When Atticus arrived, the competition had already been decided.

The waiters were responsible for clearing the stage and moving the piano from the corner to the center.

As the main character of the birthday party, Isabella was supposed to perform last, so Violet would perform first.

The rule was that both had to play pieces by the same master; no matter what the first person played, the latter had to follow it..

Under everyone's gaze, Violet elegantly sat at the piano.

As the lights fell, her hands lifted, and the deep, elegant music began to play from the stage.

Just hearing the prelude, everyone below gasped.

This was an extremely difficult piece. This piece required high continuity of parts and technical skill in fingering, something even professional piano masters dared not touch, for fear of not achieving perfection and exposing their flaws.

Violet was bold, starting with the highest difficulty. She left no room for Isabella, the main character.

Everyone's eyes turned back to Isabella, as if there was going to be a good show.

Atticus's face darkened upon hearing the first few seconds, wondering who dared to cause trouble on the Wilson Family.

However, Isabella sat calmly below, quietly enjoying the piano piece, with no sign of anxiety on her face.

Atticus couldn't figure out what she was thinking and sat beside her, whispering, "Isabella, aren't you competing? She's clearly trying to win, and you're not worried at all?"

Whether Michael's gemstone was valuable or not was another matter; the Wilson Family didn't lack such things.

But today was Isabella's birthday, and Violet starting with the most difficult piano piece was clearly trying to steal Isabella's thunder.

Isabella could endure it, but he couldn't.

###chapter 129 The Bet is Strip Poker

Isabella smiled. "Atticus? Do you think I'm bound to lose?"

Atticus was taken aback.

Isabella never had been afraid of these things. She had been forced by Daniel to learn them since she was a child, and she excelled at all of them. How could he doubt Isabella's abilities?

Hearing Isabella's confident response, Atticus felt relieved.

No wonder Daniel had chosen Isabella as heiress; her mindset and perspective were far superior to theirs.

The piece reached its final part, requiring the performer to maintain high-intensity finger techniques while also expressing the emotions within the music.

Except for the emotional part being a bit weak, Violet had accomplished everything else.

As the piece ended, the audience erupted in applause.

This piece was a world-renowned classic, and for Violet to play it to this level was no small feat.

Without at least a decade of practice, Violet couldn't have managed it.

As she crossed paths with Isabella while stepping off the stage, Violet couldn't hide the pride on her face. "Ms. Taylor, I think I played not bad. I'm sure your performance will be even better."

Isabella sneered. "Of course, I won't disappoint you."

Violet's ambition was even stronger than Isabella had imagined, but encountering Isabella meant she was unlucky.

Violet's face stiffened for a moment but quickly turned into a look of disdain.

Isabella, who had been raised in the countryside for over a decade, what did she know about piano music? There was a world of difference between being able to play and mastering it.

Violet was just waiting to snatch the gem from Isabella's neck, ruin the birthday party, and steal all of Isabella's spotlight.

When Isabella sat down and played the first note, she realized the piano had been tampered with.

She raised an eyebrow and decided to test all the keys, tuning the piano herself.

The chaotic sounds made the audience's faces change.

"Even if Ms. Taylor couldn't play, she shouldn't have to deal with it like this."

"The previous piece left me wanting more. It seems the outcome is decided; Ms. Taylor has lost completely this time."

"Tell me about it! Today is Ms. Taylor's birthday party, and her spotlight was stolen, along with a valuable gem."

"But Ms. Cooper played one of the most difficult pieces. Who could compete with that?"

Hearing this, Violet couldn't help but smile.

She was just fantasizing about where Michael would take her tonight when a rapid sequence of notes interrupted her.

As the prelude quickly set in, Violet could no longer smile.

Isabella was playing a piece known as the world's most difficult etude by this master.

Although Violet's piece was also considered one of the hardest, there was a clear difference in difficulty.

This etude not only required extremely high technical skills but also strong finger and hand capabilities.

It was a must-play piece to test one's level in the industry.

But Isabella could easily handle techniques and heights that Violet didn't even dare to touch; she even expressed the artistic effect to the highest level.

Isabella drew everyone into the intense emotions the piece was meant to convey.

When the final note stopped, the audience erupted into thunderous applause that lasted a long time.

Violet's face was extremely pale; she didn't need to look to know the outcome.

But she couldn't believe that Isabella could play this.

Isabella had struggled since childhood, where did she get the chance to learn such a sophisticated instrument as the piano?

Even if the Wilsons had hired a teacher for her, the fact that even Michael didn't know about it meant she hadn't touched a piano in the last three years.

Moreover, the techniques Isabella used were ones her teacher had mentioned, which were only for those with exceptional talent.

If she couldn't grasp the emotions of the piece, she shouldn't even attempt it.

Realizing Isabella was actually talented in piano, Violet's chest filled with hatred.

After receiving the crowd's praise and admiration, Isabella glanced in Violet's direction.

She hadn't intended to reveal these skills, but Violet had provoked her and even tampered with the piano's tuning, leaving her no choice but to retaliate.

In the Wilson Family for over a decade, Daniel's training had been far more extensive than this.

From the audience, Michael's eyes never left Isabella for a second; he could clearly tell Isabella's abilities and her exceptional handling of technical aspects.

He had been prepared to help her the moment she went on stage, but Isabella had surprised him again.

Not far away, her five uncles were also extremely proud of Isabella's piano performance.

Isabella could never be a weakling, who remained the calmest in the entire banquet hall.

Watching the radiant Isabella, Nolan's face showed a faint smile.

He had known for a long time that Isabella could play the piano and that she was exceptionally talented. He had always kept this as a secret between the two of them.

At this point, people began to mention the bet.

"Didn't they say earlier that if Ms. Taylor lost, she would give the gem Mr. Brown gave her to Ms. Cooper? Conversely, if Ms. Cooper lost, she would have to take off her dress on the spot."

"Ms. Taylor hasn't said anything yet. Why are you in such a hurry? Do you want to see Ms. Cooper take off her dress that badly?"

This remark caused the crowd to burst into laughter.

Their eyes unconsciously swept over Violet, waiting to see if she would really take off her dress on the spot.

After all, everyone had witnessed the piano performance.

Before Isabella went on stage, they all thought Violet would win, but Isabella's abilities had impressed everyone present.

Moreover, Violet had initiated the competition and raised the difficulty to the highest level, clearly trying to steal Isabella's spotlight.

But now, Violet not only didn't win but also had to take off her dress on the spot.

The crowd looked at Isabella, waiting to see how she would handle the situation.

Isabella's face was indifferent as she walked off the stage and strode towards Violet.

Violet, scared by Isabella's gaze, spoke up before Isabella could, "Ms. Taylor, I just wanted to add some excitement to your birthday party. As a hostess, you wouldn't really make me take off my dress here, would you?"

Her face was full of grievance, clearly implying that Isabella should let this go.

Isabella could hold back, but the guests around her couldn't. "Ms. Cooper, that's unreasonable. You have made a bet. If you lose, you have to accept it. You don't plan on reneging, do you?"

###chapter 130 Just Like Bianca

"Exactly, if you lose, you should have the attitude of a loser. I don't believe that if you had won, you wouldn't want the gem around Ms. Taylor's neck."

Indeed, Violet chose the most difficult piece just for that gem.

Her goal was to ensure Isabella had no chance of winning.

The more embarrassing Isabella's loss, the more it would highlight her own abilities.

Now, even if she regretted it, there was no way out.

"Ms. Cooper thinks she can steal the spotlight just because she's a guest. People like her are rotten to the core."

"We can't let her off the hook; she must give Ms. Taylor an explanation!"

The onlookers initially just wanted to watch the drama unfold, but they didn't expect to encounter someone as shameless as Violet.

Everyone in the upper class looked down on Violet's actions.

Even if Violet admitted defeat and apologized, it would be better than cheating.

Isabella never expected that a small competition would have such a big impact, and even caused public outrage because of Violet.

Seeing the situation getting worse, Violet panicked and instinctively looked to Michael for help, but he didn't even glance at her.

In the end, she could only turn to Nolan for help, who took her in.

Isabella didn't really intend to make Violet strip. After all, it was her birthday party, and causing such a scene would embarrass the Wilson Family.

She couldn't let the Wilson Family lose face in the slightest.

So when Nolan wheeled himself towards her, Isabella instantly understood his intention, handing the microphone to him.

"Everyone, please allow me to say a few words." Nolan's cool voice came through, and the crowd gradually quieted down, who still had to give Nolan some respect.

Nolan didn't even look at Violet, just responsibly trying to mediate the situation. "Ms. Cooper is a student who came back from abroad with me. She's young and doesn't understand our customs. If she has offended anyone, I ask you to give her a chance and forgive her this time."

Nolan's words were reasonable, but the crowd wasn't so easily appeased.

"This is just an excuse. She wasn't like this when she stole Ms. Taylor's spotlight. Since she has lost, she should accept it!"

"Exactly, since she agreed to the bet, she has to take off her clothes!"

Nolan frowned, knowing that Violet had started this mess, but he still had to defend her. "Ms. Cooper did lose, but have you considered what would happen if she took off her clothes in front of everyone today? How would the media report this tomorrow? If public opinion involves the Wilson Family, who will take responsibility?"

Mentioning the Wilson Family made everyone hesitant to speak.

Moreover, Nolan was correct. Stripping was a small matter, but if word got out, some people might accuse the Wilson Family of bullying Violet at their own party.

With some public opinion involved, the Wilsons wouldn't be able to explain themselves.

Seeing this, Nolan continued, "I understand everyone's feelings. How about this, let me mediate. The outcome of the competition is already decided. Isabella, Violet offended you first. Would you be willing to accept her apology and compensation to end this matter?"

Isabella originally just wanted to teach Violet a lesson and didn't really want to see her strip. These ideas were all Michael's doing.

Now that Nolan was mediating, she naturally wouldn't say more and would minimize the impact of this incident. "Forget the compensation. I'll make a statement in front of everyone. Today's piano competition was just a small entertainment program. Everyone should just enjoy it as a show and not take it too seriously. Besides, everyone here is attending my birthday party. It would be too much if anyone got angry over a performance."

After speaking, Isabella looked at Violet and generously said, "No need to apologize. Ms. Cooper, you are a guest at my birthday party today. We couldn't let a guest apologize."

Isabella just wanted to calm the conflict.

Moreover, Violet was brought by Nolan. If she forced Violet to apologize, it would embarrass Nolan.

Besides, she wasn't familiar with Violet, and it was uncertain if they would ever meet again. It was unnecessary to ruin the birthday party's mood over Violet. 

Hearing that Isabella didn't even require an apology, Violet didn't feel grateful. Instead, she thought this was Isabella's way of showing off her magnanimity.

The more generous Isabella was to Violet, the more people would see Isabella as a perfect person.

Violet wouldn't let Isabella get away with it, so she walked up to Nolan and took the microphone from his hand.

She "sincerely" apologized to Isabella, "Ms. Taylor, I'm very grateful that you are willing to forgive me. Mr. Brown is right; I've been abroad for too long and don't understand the customs here. So, this apology is necessary. I'm sorry, Ms. Taylor."

Before Isabella could respond, Violet continued, "However, from this incident, I can see how noble your background is. I was too rude before."

Seeing Violet apologize in such a condescending manner, Isabella narrowed her eyes coldly.

If it weren't for Nolan, she wouldn't let this go.

But Violet seemed to have no sense of restraint.

"Violet, watch your words!" Nolan's warning brought Violet back to reality.

She lowered her eyes, hiding her disdain, and said pitifully, "I understand, Mr. Brown. I've already asked for Ms. Taylor's forgiveness. Please don't scold me anymore!"

Nolan said a few more words to persuade her, and Isabella nodded out of respect for him.

The matter was considered settled.

But as Violet left with the crowd, Isabella frowned.

Whether it was Violet's tone when speaking, the hidden resentment in her eyes, or that fleeting look of hatred, it was all just like Bianca.

If it weren't for their different appearances, she would have thought Violet was Bianca after plastic surgery.

But Bianca had been sent to Auroria by Michael and couldn't possibly be here.

Two people with different identities couldn't be the same person.

She must have been emotionally affected by Violet's sarcastic words and overthinking it.

After the party, she wanted to help Atticus with something, but he refused. "Look at those dark circles under your eyes. Go get some rest. You still need work tomorrow."

Isabella was already exhausted, so she didn't insist after hearing Atticus.

She went back, washed up, and went to sleep.

But what she didn't expect was that in just one night, her piano skills had spread online, and she was even dubbed a once-in-a-century piano genius.

###chapter 131 Invited Back to School

The next day, Isabella woke up naturally and saw posts about herself online, feeling a bit confused.

Especially when she saw that netizens had given Violet the nickname "arrogant foreigner without skills," she almost burst out laughing.

Netizens really know how to hit the nail on the head.

Just as she was reading the comments on her phone, a call interrupted her.

Seeing the caller ID, Isabella curiously answered, "Nolan?"

Nolan's pleasant male voice came through slowly. "Isabella, are you awake?"

"Yeah, I just woke up."

"Do you have time today?" Nolan asked directly.

Isabella hesitated for a moment.

Yesterday, Daniel had just ordered her to be the heiress of the Wilson Group. Even though Chris and Emilio were holding down the fort at the company, there were still many things that required her personal decision.

But Nolan had just returned to the country, and he called early in the morning, so he must have something important.

She tried to free up some time. "I'm not too busy at noon. Do you need something, Nolan?"

Nolan spoke honestly, "Actually, I wanted you to accompany me to the school I'm applying to, Evergreen City University. It's not far from you."

Isabella was taken aback. "Evergreen City University? Nolan, you just got back and you're already starting work?"

She thought Nolan wouldn't leave the country this time and would stay with Aiden at the Brown Villa for a while before considering work.

After all, he still had an injury on his leg.

She didn't expect him to give himself no time to rest.

No wonder the outside world said that everyone in the Brown Family was dedicated to their work.

Nolan chuckled bitterly on the phone. "I have no choice; they're pushing me hard. I can't just leave the students hanging."

Isabella smiled at his words.

She knew Nolan wasn't going back to work so quickly for that reason.

He was a Brown; money and power were his by default.

The real reason Nolan was in such a hurry to get out was simple that he didn't want to stay at home.

After being away for three years, everything in the country felt unfamiliar to Nolan. Now, with an injury on his leg, staying at the Brown Villa would only subject him to everyone's sympathy and pity.

Nolan didn't need that, so the best way for him was to throw himself into work.

"So, you didn't even take a day off and accepted the job at Evergreen City University?" Isabella's tone was light. "But Nolan, you must have forgotten how well I know you. Asking me to accompany you on your first day at work isn't your style."

"You saw right through me." Nolan laughed. "Actually, the school asked me to invite you to give a one-day piano lecture at Evergreen City University. You must have seen it; someone posted the piece you played at your birthday party online yesterday. Overnight, you became quite famous. An old professor from the music department recognized me and, knowing how close our families are, sent me to invite you to the school."

"What lecture?" Isabella chuckled. "I'm just an amateur; I can't compare to the professionals in the music department. But Evergreen City University is my alma mater, so I'm happy to help."

"Really? Then let's meet at the school later." Nolan was very pleased she could come.

They agreed on a time and hung up.

Isabella acted quickly. She handed over her work to Emilio, did a bit of grooming, and drove to Evergreen City University.

The school was located in the suburbs, with a vast area and beautiful scenery. A little while later, Isabella arrived.

When she enrolled here, she was eighteen.

A few years had passed in the blink of an eye; she was married now, but the place hadn't changed much.

She never thought that after leaving school for so many years, she would return as a guest professor.

As her car slowly approached the school gate, Isabella was about to get out and say hello when someone walked out of the security room.

Waving and smiling at her, he said, "You must be Ms. Taylor. Mr. Brown already informed us. You can drive right in."

Isabella thanked him and parked her car in the open space in front of the building, following her memory.

She called Nolan, who was in a morning meeting.

Isabella told him not to come down; she would find her way.

Outside the conference room on the sixth floor, Isabella saw Nolan sitting in a wheelchair, but he didn't notice her due to the angle.

There were many people inside, and it looked like the meeting would last a while.

Isabella planned to walk around nearby but then heard her name mentioned inside.

"The music department is in need of an exceptionally talented teacher. I think Ms. Taylor is perfect. I heard her piece, and it surpasses most of our music teachers. Moreover, I entrusted Mr. Brown to extend a sincere invitation to Ms. Taylor this morning. I thought she might refuse due to her busy career, but she readily agreed to come," Vice President Austin Roberts spoke with unconcealed delight in his eyes.

He also showed deep admiration for Nolan, the young professor newly hired from abroad.

On Nolan's first day at work, he brought good fortune and even invited the rare piano genius Isabella to give a lecture.

After he finished speaking, the conference room fell silent.

After all, Austin had made the decision, and there was no point in arguing.

At this moment, a thin male teacher sitting in the middle, Jerry Nelson, suddenly voiced his objection. "Mr. Roberts, you have already decided, so why ask for our opinions? Anyway, you make all the decisions for the music department, and we just listen your order."

Austin's face darkened. "Mr. Nelson, what you mean by that? I know you're upset, but you can't take it out on us just because I didn't agree to let you be the special piano instructor!"

Jerry sneered and retorted angrily, "Am I wrong? You use your position as vice president to do whatever you want without consulting us. Also, instead of choosing a teacher from the school, you pick an overnight internet sensation to be a teacher. Do you think we're all fools who can't see your intentions?"

Austin squinted his eyes, his tone authoritative. "Alright, clarify your point. I want to hear what you think I'm hiding."

Jerry stood up from his seat, eyes wide. "You know exactly what you're hiding!"

"I'm putting it out there today. We're all here for a job and a paycheck. If you insist on doing this, I'll just leave. Mr. Roberts, I won't stand in the way of your bright future!" With that, Jerry violently pulled out his chair and stormed out.

Leaving everyone else in the room looking at each other.

###chapter 132 It's Okay to Criticize Her, But Not Her Teacher

Outside the conference room, Isabella stood by the hallway window.

Jerry stormed out of the room in a hurry, not noticing Isabella's presence.

Inside, Austin was still speaking, his tone serious, "Look at his attitude. If he doesn't want to be a teacher, he can submit his resignation, and I'll approve it. Don't try to scare me with those hypocritical tactics; they won't work."

Isabella recognized Austin, the vice principal. He had always been highly regarded at the school, a good teacher who genuinely cared about the students.

But she had no impression of Jerry, who had just spoken.

Back when she was at the school, she wasn't a music student, but judging by the current situation, it seemed a series of disputes had arisen because of her.

The fact that she was invited to teach at Evergreen City University had surprised her when she first heard it.

Nolan had only mentioned that she should come to interact with the students. But he hadn't said anything about her staying on as a teacher?

Given that her presence had sparked unanimous opposition from the school's teachers, she decided to wait until things settled down before asking Nolan.

She had intended to go for a walk, but upon hearing the conversation inside about her, Isabella decided to sit outside.

She listened to the voices coming from the room.

The hallway was quiet, and Austin's voice was clearly audible. "Let me reiterate, I won't stop anyone who wants to leave. Each of you has the right to express your opinions and ideas. But I must make one thing clear: I have never used my position for personal gain. You can investigate all you want. I won't change my decision about the new teacher over a minor issue."

The people inside looked at each other, none daring to be the first to speak.

At this moment, a young male teacher sitting towards the back suddenly stood up, straightened his back, and spoke, "Mr. Roberts, our Evergreen City University is a top-ranked university in the country, and the music department is a dream destination for music students nationwide. How could you do that?"

"Mr. Brown has three years of teaching experience at top foreign institutions and has won numerous awards and certificates that command respect. But what about this Ms. Taylor you mentioned? What qualifications does she have? She only knows a bit about music. What right does she have to be a teacher at Evergreen City University?" His words instantly sparked a chorus of agreement from the others.

"Exactly, what does she know about music? Isn't she just relying on her family's wealth and influence to gain higher social status by teaching at the school?"

"Mr. Roberts, I also disagree with someone like her becoming a teacher. We've worked for years to get to where we are today. What right does she have to hold the same position as us? Does she deserve it?"

"If just anyone can become a teacher, then what do our decades of effort mean? Besides, the piece she played was released online. Who knows if it was synthesized online?"

"Exactly, the piece she's playing is of the highest caliber. As an ordinary person, she wouldn't even understand it, let alone play it with the right feeling. I doubt even the most renowned Georges Parker could play it."

Isabella listened quietly and finally understood the issue.

It turned out that these music teachers were full of resentment because she could directly become a teacher at the school.

She raised her eyebrows; she didn't care at all about being a music teacher, nor did she care about their doubts. After all, she never played the piano to gain everyone's approval.

But if they dared to question her teacher Georges, that was a different matter.

She could lose face, but Georges couldn't.

Just as she was about to get up and "prove" herself, a heavy slap on the table silenced the chaotic arguments.

"Have you all said enough?" Austin's voice came through. "I understand your doubts and dissatisfaction, but I have already invited Ms. Taylor on behalf of the school. If anyone still doubts her abilities, I have a solution: give her a one-month trial period. If, after a month, the majority still disagree or do not recognize Ms. Taylor's abilities, then this matter will end here. Our school will not allow someone without ability to stay, and I believe Ms. Taylor will leave gracefully."

This was the most prudent solution, as it protected the school's interests and didn't waste a musical talent. The two rows of people below had nothing to say.

They didn't believe Isabella was truly a musical genius, so they just wanted to wait for her to join the school and then make her realize how difficult it was. For someone without ability, she wouldn't last a day, let alone a month, at the school.

Hearing this, Isabella, who had been about to get up, suddenly changed her mind and sat back down.

She hadn't even agreed to come as a teacher, and these people already saw her as an imaginary enemy?

If she really came, these people would be thinking of ways to trouble her every day.

But this could be interesting. She wondered who would be more "embarrassed" in the end.

At the same time, at the Brown Group, Aaron walked in with his phone, and Michael looked up at him. "Have you contacted her? When is she coming?"

Aaron's mouth twitched, not daring to tell the truth, fearing Michael's anger would affect him.

"She doesn't want to come?" Michael's tone deepened. "This is a company project. As the CEO, she can't possibly ignore the group's interests, can she? I'll go find her!"

"Mr. Brown, Mrs. Brown is not at the company." Aaron hesitated for a moment before telling the truth. "The Wilson Group replied that Mrs. Brown went to Evergreen City University early this morning and temporarily handed over the company's matters to Emilio."

Hearing that, Michael's face turned grim.

But he quickly caught the key point in Aaron's words. "What is she doing at Evergreen City University?"

Aaron trembled all over, not daring to speak.

But Michael's imposing presence pressed down on him like a mountain. "What's going on? Speak!"

Aaron didn't dare to hide anything, "Have you forgotten that the school in the country that invited Mr. Nolan Brown to be a music professor is Evergreen City University?"

Michael's brow twitched violently.

He usually didn't care about Nolan's affairs, but this coincidence made him more inclined to believe it was intentional.

Isabella had left the company's matters behind to go to Evergreen City University early in the morning just to find Nolan.

Since Nolan returned to the country, Isabella couldn't wait to be by his side every day.

Michael stood up abruptly, grabbed his coat, and headed out. "You're coming with me!"

"Where to?" Aaron didn't quite understand.

Michael coldly threw out a sentence. "Evergreen City University!"

The black luxury car sped down the road, and in the back seat, Michael, with a cold face, dialed a number.

Isabella's phone was on vibrate, so it didn't attract the attention of those inside.

Seeing the familiar number, Isabella smiled and hesitant to answer.

In order to keep Michael from bothering her later, she decided to answer it.  

After a few seconds, the call connected, and Michael's resentment came through the phone. "Where are you?"

###chapter 133 Harper's Suicide

His tone was almost commanding, and Isabella was furious. "Michael, can you get it straight? We're in the middle of a divorce. Unless it's something that concerns both families' interests, please don't disturb my life."

She had finally managed to suppress her feelings and cut ties with him. Could he just stop showing up in front of her?

Little did she know, Michael on the other end of the line was just as angry.

His voice was cold and muffled. "Who said what I'm calling about isn't important? It's extremely important."

Isabella closed her eyes in exasperation, wanting to quickly get rid of this trouble. "Fine, then tell me what it is."

Michael didn't tell her directly but repeated his first question. "Where are you?"

Isabella, worn out by his persistence, blurted out, "I'm at Evergreen City University. What's the matter? Just say it now. I don't have time to waste with you..."

Sensing that Isabella was deliberately lowering her voice, Michael seemed to guess something and sneered. "That's perfect. I'm nearby. Meet me outside the campus gate in ten minutes."

Before Isabella could ask how he got there, Michael had already hung up.

Isabella was even more puzzled.

What could be so important that Michael couldn't say it over the phone and had to come find her?

Although she couldn't figure out what Michael wanted, Isabella knew very well about Michael's strong execution ability. If she didn't show up, he might really announce it to the whole campus to find her.

Thinking of this, Isabella decided to go out and meet him.

Before leaving, she sent a message to Nolan, telling him she had something to deal with and might be late.

She thought Nolan would be too busy in a meeting to reply, but to her surprise, he responded immediately: [No problem.]

Almost as soon as she sent the message, he replied.

Isabella was slightly surprised, discovering that the usually serious Nolan had a side of secretly checking his phone during work. But this didn't affect his excellence.

She walked briskly downstairs and out to the campus gate, where Michael's black luxury Bentley was already parked by the roadside.

Isabella walked straight to the back seat, opened the door, and got in.

It was clear from the scene that the two had something to discuss. As the driver, Aaron immediately got out of the car and stood far away.

Inside the car, Michael's cold fragrance filled the air.

Isabella had no intention of chatting with him and went straight to the point. "What is it that you had to come here to say and couldn't say over the phone?"

In her impression, Michael was not someone who would waste his time on trivial matters.

Besides, his strong execution ability came from his refusal to waste time on work.

Now his unusual behavior was almost unrecognizable to her.

"I can't clear it over the phone. First, answer my question. What are you doing here?" Michael's deep eyes stared at her, insisting on hearing the reason from her own mouth.

But Isabella was extremely averse to this.

She didn't want to be monitored by him in every aspect, having to report her every move to him. It made her feel like she had no personal freedom.

Moreover, their relationship no longer required this.

"Michael, I'm not your subordinate, nor am I your pet. What I want to do and where I want to go is my personal freedom. I don't need to report everything to you because it has nothing to do with you." Isabella felt angry.

Did he have to keep an eye on her every day, no matter where she went? She didn't like him being like this, nor like him monitoring her.

It was clearly him who had trampled on all her passion and love. She had waited for him for three years, only to be hurt repeatedly.

Now that she had figured it out and wanted to leave him, he suddenly seemed to have developed a strong possessiveness over her.

Indeed, all men were bastards. They didn't cherish what they had, but once they lost it, they started to value it.

Michael's expression changed. "Isabella, do you think I wanted to come find you? Nolan works at this university. It's only been one night, and you're already following him here. Are you planning to get a teaching job here to be with him every day?"

Isabella was shocked and blurted out, "Michael, what did you do? Did you have someone follow me?"

Realizing his guess was right, Michael's face darkened.

!

Ignoring her anger, his voice was chilling. "Isabella, I warned you to stay away from Nolan. Did you think I was joking? He starts his job here today, and you follow him. Are you afraid people won't see the relationship between you two? Have you thought about the Brown Family's reputation? Have you thought about my feelings?"

Michael's barrage of questions completely ignited Isabella's anger. "Michael, even if I stay at Evergreen City University as a teacher, how does that affect the Brown Family's reputation or you? Nolan and I are good friends. What's wrong with me helping him with a class?"

"I don't allow it!" Michael flatly refused. "Even if Nolan is my brother, I won't allow it. I forbid you from getting close to him. You both better give up. If you want to be a teacher, you can do it in any places, expect for Evergreen City University."

"

The thought of her and Nolan being inseparable at the same university, spending every day together, drove him crazy.

Her piano skills were exceptional, something Michael hadn't expected.

If she truly wanted to pass on good music, he could help her find other places and schools.

"Why should I listen you?" Isabella was furious. "Michael, the more you oppose it, the more determined I am to stay. I'm not interested in other universities. I want to be a teacher at Evergreen City University!"

The more Michael opposed, the more Isabella resisted.

She wanted to show him that her life must be in her own hands, and no one else could control it.

Michael's face turned ashen. Before they could argue further, Isabella's phone suddenly rang.

Michael thought it was Nolan calling her again and tried to grab the phone, but Isabella was quicker and answered the call.

Jesse's voice came through, urgent. "Ms. Taylor, something happened. Harper attempted suicide at the police station, hitting her head on a hard object. She was unconscious on the spot and has been sent to Hopewell Medical Center."

"What?" Isabella frowned, her tone low. "What's her condition now?"

"She's already in surgery. The doctor said her head injury is severe, and there's a high chance the surgery might fail," Jesse replied.

In the confined space of the car, Michael could hear the conversation clearly.

He couldn't care less about the argument with Isabella and quickly moved to the driver's seat.

He signaled to Aaron outside and swiftly started the car towards the hospital.

###chapter 134 Don't Be Afraid, I'm Here

The car arrived at the hospital an hour later. When the two of them got there, the surgery was still ongoing.

Without know Harper's situation, Isabella sat on a nearby chair outside the operating room, her face serious. And Michael sat beside her.

Neither of them spoke, but Michael knew better than anyone that Isabella wasn't worried about Harper's injuries; she was worried about whether Harper would die.

Harper had indirectly caused the death of Grace. How could she die without facing any judgment?

After a long wait, the door to the operating room finally opened.

The doctor took off his mask and said to Isabella, "The surgery was successful, but her injuries are severe. She must be sent to the ICU for monitoring. If nothing happens tonight, she will be out of the critical period."

It wasn't just Isabella and Michael who had come; there were also police officers who guarded Harper.

The prisoner had attempted suicide while under their watch, and as the primary responsible parties, they had to report the latest situation to the police station at all times.

After learning about the situation, Michael called Aaron to strengthen the security and ensure Harper didn't get another chance to escape.

Standing in front of the thick glass of the ICU, Isabella looked at Harper, who was surrounded by various machines, with uncontrollable anger and resentment in her eyes.

Years ago, Grace had also been hospitalized in critical condition due to the provocations of Indigo and Harper, with tubes all over her body.

They took advantage of Grace's illness, using all kinds of vicious words to provoke her, making her give up the last bit of hope.

Grace could have lived, but Harper had driven her to death to get everything from Grace.

Old memories flooded her mind, and Isabella's hands clenched tightly at her sides. "She can't die yet!"

Harper's punishment hadn't been delivered yet. How could she die so easily?

Michael had just finished his call when he heard Isabella biting her lip and saying this.

Her voice was low, but he heard it clearly.

He looked down at her. At this moment, Isabella's lips were marked by her teeth, and her usually lively eyes were red and filled with unwillingness. Her clenched fists trembled slightly.

Michael seemed to understand what she was thinking.

It turned out she also had moments of vulnerability and couldn't always maintain an absolutely calm demeanor.

Even though she usually provoked and resisted him, in the end, she was just a girl who needed care and understanding.

Seeing her like this, his heart suddenly ached.

Before he realized it, his hands had already pulled her into his arms, offering his shoulder for her to lean on. "Don't be afraid, I'm here."

Isabella's vision darkened, but Michael's voice was like a beacon, illuminating the darkness in her heart.

For the first time, they hugged each other while fully conscious.

She didn't know if it was because her emotions were too fragile or because Michael's tenderness made her reluctant to let go.

When she heard his words, her heart started to beat faster.

She grabbed his sleeve, opened her mouth, and whispered something to him.

Michael didn't hear clearly but saw her lips move.

He patiently lowered his head, leaned closer to her mouth, and gently asked, "What do you want to say? I'm listening."

Isabella bit her lip, looked up, and gazed into his deep, bright eyes.

Her heart trembled as she repeated. "Michael, can I trust you again?"

Bianca had once been the person she liked and valued the most, and Harper was Bianca's biological mother.

Could he really stand against Bianca for her and treat Harper as an enemy? She used to not believe he would do such a thing.

But now, she felt Michael had changed, who was really different from before.

Otherwise, he wouldn't have unhesitatingly taken the knife for her when Harper tried to stab her.

She wanted to trust him again, but Michael first saw the hesitation in Isabella's eyes, realizing she was worried if he was still trustworthy.

But from her perspective, he could completely understand her.

After all, he had also been deceived by Bianca for so long, treating her as his savior.

He sighed and told her his decision, "Don't worry, I've had people investigate everything Indigo and Harper did back then. They won't have another chance to get out."

After saying that, he added, "Even for the knife I suffered, they won't escape."

Michael's voice was gentle and firm, but Isabella felt it was unreal.

She was the one who said she wanted to trust him first, but when she thought of the past, she...

Forget it, since she had decided to trust him again, she shouldn't think about other things.

Besides, with the knife wound he suffered, even if Harper wanted to escape punishment, the Brown Family wouldn't let her go. She might as well see what he would do.

She collected her thoughts, thinking about what to do next, when she heard Michael's voice above her head. "You've been here for hours. Don't push yourself. Go home and rest. I'll have someone watch over here and notify you immediately if there's any news."

Isabella was momentarily stunned, not daring to believe if he was really the Michael she knew.

Just as the two of them were embracing and looking at each other tenderly.

Jesse, who had just finished his investigation at the police station, rushed over and saw Michael holding Isabella in the hallway.

"Michael, get your dirty hands off Ms. Taylor!" Jesse ran over angrily and pulled Isabella out of Michael's arms, standing in front of her to block Michael. "Who allowed you to touch Ms. Taylor!"

Their relationship had long changed, and Jesse had personally seen how Michael bullied Isabella in the Brown Family.

He wished he could hit him every time he saw him and wouldn't give him any good face.

If it were before, Isabella would have made faces at Michael behind Jesse's back and left triumphantly.

But Michael's heartfelt words just now made her feel guilty.

If she treated him like before, it would be too much.

Isabella tugged at Jesse's arm. "Jesse, it's not what you think. He didn't bully me."

But Jesse didn't care. He glared at Michael with sharp eyes, ready to fight if he made a move.

Isabella sighed and turned to look at Michael.

He was tall and slender, and she had to look up to see him clearly. His eyes were always on her, filled with concern.

She knew she shouldn't let him move her, but Isabella couldn't help her heart from trembling. "Michael, I'll leave this to you. I hope you won't disappoint me again."

###chapter 135 Setting the Trap

Under Jesse's escort, Isabella left the hospital.

When she got into the car, her feelings were mixed.

Handing Harper over to Michael, she didn't know if it was right or wrong, but she knew she couldn't face Harper all night.

Jesse understood her concerns and told her that not only did Michael have people in the hospital, but they also had their own people there.

This way, Isabella would be the first to know if there was any news.

It was also to prevent Michael from making any moves, giving them time to react.

Isabella agreed.

She had personally experienced Harper's cunning, and in this regard, Michael might not be her match.

On the way back to Garden Villa, Isabella saw a message from Nolan on her phone.

He asked if she was too caught up with things to come.

Isabella then remembered she had forgotten her promise to Nolan.

But it was already past class time, so she apologized to Nolan, saying she indeed had something to do and would reschedule the class.

Then she turned off her phone and leaned back in her seat with her eyes closed.

After a long wait at the hospital and the emotional ups and downs, Isabella didn't sleep well all night, plagued by nightmares.

It wasn't until dawn that she fell into a deep sleep, but she was soon awakened by voices downstairs, which were very familiar to her.

Isabella struggled to open her eyes and saw her five uncles standing in front of her, their tall figures almost blocking out the light.

Atticus was the first to notice Isabella waking up and grabbed her hand with concern. "Isabella, are you feeling better?"

Kian brought her breakfast, milk, a sandwich, and a few slices of ham.

He enthusiastically urged her to eat. "Isabella, now that you're awake, have something to eat. Only by eating well can you recover quickly. Trust me."

Before Isabella could take a deep breath to speak, Holden squeezed in and placed a steaming bowl of porridge in front of her.

Holden didn't forget to tease Kian, "Kian, Isabella just woke up; she probably wants porridge more."

"Here, Isabella, try the porridge I personally bought. It tastes great." Holden looked proud, thinking he was the one who understood Isabella the best.

Among the uncles, besides the quiet Orion, there was the perceptive Thomas.

The two stood in the back, exchanging glances as if betting on whose breakfast Isabella would choose. They even secretly extended their fingers to place bets.

Seeing that, Isabella couldn't help but smile.

Kian and Holden started arguing, while Orion and Thomas were having fun.

Only Atticus ignored them, his eyes filled with worry for Isabella.

He kept advising her to prioritize her health no matter what happened.

Isabella was completely awake, looking at the two breakfasts in front of her, no matter which one she chose, she would offend the other.

But no one ask if she wanted breakfast, she had no appetite at all.

She just wanted to sleep peacefully, but why was it so hard?

Looking at her five handsome, tall, and well-built uncles, Isabella suddenly realized something that they were too idle.

When they were abroad, they each had their own careers and fields to develop, and they were very busy, so they didn't have time to think about their emotional issues.

But now it was different. Daniel had handed over all the affairs of the Wilson Group to her. They only needed to hold a title, be consulted when necessary, and it didn't matter if they disappeared most of the time. The only thing they could do was stay by Daniel's side.

But with five sons suddenly back, it was fine at first, but facing their nagging all day, Daniel directly refused to see anyone.

Strangely, since Isabella's birthday party, Daniel's health had gradually improved.

Her uncles, who were used to being busy, suddenly had nothing to do and could only keep an eye on her.

Thinking of this, Isabella's mind was in a fog.

She longed for love, but the overwhelming love from her uncles was too much for her.

Her mind turned, and an idea that had long been formed reignited. She decided to find wives for her uncles.

The first step was to get a list of all the eligible women in Evergreen City, so she could match them according to her uncles' preferences.

Just as she was worrying about who to ask for help, Atticus and Kian brought breakfast to her again. "Isabella, you look so tired and thin. You need to eat something; your health is the most important."

Looking at the hearty breakfast in front of her, Isabella, already feeling unwell, had a headache.

She forced a smile and, under Atticus and Kian's eager eyes, picked one item from each breakfast.

This way, she wouldn't offend anyone.

After reluctantly finishing what she had in hand, Isabella felt sleepy again.

She thought it was just because she hadn't slept well and wanted to sleep a bit more.

But she knew she had to go to the hospital to check on Harper and couldn't sleep any longer.

Isabella patted her face. "Why am I sleepy again? No, I have to go out."

At this moment, Thomas, who hadn't spoken, softly said from behind, "If you're sleepy, just sleep a bit more. It's still early, no rush."

Isabella was closest to Thomas, and hearing him say this, her resolve wavered. "Uncle Thomas, don't forget to wake me up. I can only sleep for ten more minutes, no more."

"Okay." Thomas' voice became even gentler, as if comforting her. "Rest assured, we are keeping an eye on the company. You don't need to push yourself too hard. Rest when you need to."

"Okay, I know." Isabella's eyes were almost closed, but Thomas looked different from usual.

She mumbled, "Uncle Thomas, why are you so strange today?"

Thomas gently patted her. "I feel for you. You should have grown up pampered, not having to make yourself invincible. We are here for you.."

The rest of the words were lost to Isabella.

She was too sleepy and fell into a deep sleep as soon as she closed her eyes.

The room fell silent.

Thomas personally checked that Isabella was really asleep before he sighed in relief.

He turned to his brothers. "You guys are really bold. Aren't you afraid Isabella will be mad when she finds out?"

###chapter 136 The Child Can Stay, He Has No Right

Hearing this, Kian explained, "Thomas, don't waste time. This medicine was prescribed by someone I know at the hospital. It's a small dose, no side effects, just to help Isabella get a good night's sleep."

Holden chimed in, "With the strength of the five of us, how long could it take to beat up Michael? By the time Isabella wakes up, we'll be done."

"Quick and decisive!" Atticus commanded.

Hearing this, Thomas nodded.

He tucked Isabella in and got up to leave.

Today's plan had been discussed early in the morning. Michael had bullied Isabella for so long, and as her uncles, they had to stand up for her.

Even though they knew this behavior was against the law, they couldn't care less if it meant giving Michael a good beating.

Meanehile, at the CEO's office of the Brown Group, Michael woke up from a light nap on the couch , his eyes tinged with a faint blue and his face pale.

Harper was still in a precarious situation, and she was the prime suspect in the death of Grace. He had to take it seriously.

He hadn't slept all night, waiting until 3 a.m. for the doctor to say Harper was out of danger before returning to the office.

But he forgot, he himself was a patient.

The wound on his waist hadn't fully healed, and he had strained himself to attend Isabella's birthday party yesterday. 

He had stayed up half the night again, and now he could barely sit, let alone work.

When Aaron came in to report, he was startled by Michael's poor condition. "Mr. Brown, are you okay? You should go to the hospital; your injury can't take this kind of strain."

Aaron knew about Michael's injury; he had tried to persuade Michael last night, but Michael had been adamant.

"I'm fine." Michael shook his head, signaling Aaron not to ask further.

He knew his own body. If he went back to the hospital now, the doctors would insist on admitting him.

He had too many things to handle personally and couldn't afford to waste time in the hospital.

"Bring me the painkillers," Michael ordered.

Aaron hesitated but eventually took the medicine from the drawer and handed it to Michael.

Michael had just swallowed the pills when he heard a commotion outside, with a heavy footsteps approaching his office.

Before Aaron could open the door, Atticus pushed it open.

Seeing the imposing and tall men, Aaron was startled.

But he quickly recognized them, who were Isabella's uncles.

"Aaron, go make some tea!"

Aaron nodded repeatedly, knowing they were here to cause trouble but still trying to give Michael a chance to call for help.

All five sons of the Wilson family were here; no one could stop them, expect for Isabella.

"What would you like to drink? I'll prepare it right away." Aaron asked cautiously.

"No need, we're not here for tea. This has nothing to do with you. Close the door and pretend you heard nothing." Holden's tone was low, with an unmistakable threat.

Hearing that, Aaron was stunned.

He only left when Michael waved him off, realizing he had to find someone to help Michael.

Orion locked the door and looked at Michael sitting on the couch.

Atticus had already walked up to Michael, sitting down slowly with his four tall brothers standing behind him, exuding pressure.

"Michael, we're here for one thing: when do you plan to divorce Isabella?" Atticus, the stern eldest brother at home, was a commanding presence outside, so just one sentence from him was enough to make anyone feel suffocated.

They had seen Isabella's suffering over the past three years.

Now, seeing Isabella being pressured to have another child with Michael for the sake of family interests, they couldn't stand it.

Why should Michael discard Isabella when he didn't want her and then use family ties to bind her when he did?

They had already decided to file for divorce immediately and find Isabella a new boyfriend.

Michael understood their intentions.

But they were Isabella's uncles, his elders, and some things had to be discussed.

"Uncle Atticus, I think there's been a misunderstanding. Isabella and I don't plan to divorce. Moreover, we recently did a pre-pregnancy checkup. We believe we'll soon have our own child," Michael said.

"Michael, don't you feel guilty saying that?" Kian couldn't stand it anymore, frowning as he questioned, "Don't think that by getting the elders of both families to pressure Isabella into having a child, you can keep her by your side forever. My dad may want Isabella to have a child, but none of us five will agree to you staying with Isabella."

He made it very clear that even if Isabella accidentally got pregnant, the child could stay, but Michael had no right to keep with Isabella.

Holden and Orion looked at Michael with anger.

Michael dared to bully Isabella; they wouldn't let it slide.

Only Thomas hadn't expressed his opinion yet.

Seeing Michael look at him, Thomas sneered. "Mr. Brown, you have a poor memory. Isabella's divorce case is still with my legal team, ready to be filed at any time."

Hearing that, the light in Michael's eyes dimmed completely.

Indeed, from the beginning, Thomas had wanted to separate him and Isabella.

At this moment, the usually low-key Orion spoke coldly, "Mr. Brown, we're not here to make things difficult for you. Isabella gave up everything to marry you, and we were against it before, but she truly loved you. But what did you do? You neglected her for three years and humiliated her in front of other women. If this marriage doesn't end, wouldn't we, as her uncles, we really feel humiliated."

The room fell silent, and everyone was waiting for Michael's response.

Michael's throat moved, but he couldn't say a word.

Atticus, unable to bear it any longer, slammed his hand on the table. "Michael, be straightforward. Don't put on an act in front of us!"

###chapter 137 I'll Never Divorce, Even If It Kills Me!

"

"I don't agree to the divorce!" Michael's expression was serious. "Isabella and I won't separate. Uncles, please stop saying these things."

"Who cares if you agree or not? This divorce must happen. Isabella has been bullied by you for three years, and now you still want to keep her in the Brown Family? You're delusional!" Holden's face turned dark with anger upon hearing Michael's words.

Michael wanted to explain, but facing the uncles' fury, he didn't know how to start.

It was only when Isabella proposed the divorce that he truly realized his feelings for her.

From the beginning, the one he loved was always Isabella, not Bianca. He wanted to be with her for the rest of his life.

But he realized it too late. Now, Isabella's heart was full of Nolan.

He wanted to show her his true feelings, but he couldn't find an opportunity.

He couldn't say these things to the uncles because even if they believed him, they would just see it as an excuse to force Isabella to stay, and if they told Isabella, he would lose the last shred of dignity he had as a man.

Michael's pale face tightened, and he resolutely refused. "As long as I don't agree, the divorce won't happen. Uncles, If you uncles have nothing else, please leave."

No matter how, he simply wouldn't agree to divorce Isabella.

Michael's strong stance instantly ignited the anger of the Wilsons' sons.

"Are you looking for a fisght? It seems you won't know our power without a lesson!" Holden suddenly stepped forward and grabbed Michael, his eyes red. "Dare to say it again?"

Michael, who had been pampered by the Brown Family since childhood, had never been treated like this. His face turned blush with anger.

But thinking of the people in front of him as Isabella's beloved uncles, he suppressed his anger completely.

No matter how they treated him, Michael couldn't lay a hand on Isabella's uncles. "No matter how many times I say it, it's the same thing. I don't agree to the divorce!"

Even being grabbed by the collar and questioned, Michael firmly expressed his stance.

As soon as he finished speaking, there was a loud sound.

Holden punched Michael hard in the face, leaving a quick mark.

"Michael, it's not up to you. This divorce must happen!" Holden gritted his teeth in anger.

He raised his hand to strike again. "Say it, will you divorce or not?"

Michael still said, "Even if you beat me to death, I won't divorce!"

Holden was furious. He tightened his grip on Michael's collar. "Fine, I'll see how long you're tough today."

Seeing the fist about to land, Michael had no chance to fight back.

Moreover, Holden was just the first to strike. There were still four uncles waiting for him.

If this continued, he might end up in the hospital.

To have a chance to see Isabella again, Michael blocked Holden's fist. "Uncle Holden, this is clearly bullying. It's unfair."

Holden sneered, seeing Michael still talking about fairness. "Fine, what do you consider fair?"

Michael raised his head, neither humble nor arrogant. "A one-on-one duel without anyone else interfering would be fair."

After saying that, he glanced at Atticus across the room, who understood that Michael wanted him to act as a referee.

With years of experience, Atticus didn't think Michael's tricks would change their minds, but beating Michael didn't require all of them.

The Wilsons' sons bullying her together wouldn't sound good if it got out.

Atticus made a decision immediately.

Thinking of this, Atticus made a decision immediately. "Just as you said, one-on-one. If you lose, you will divorce Isabella immediately, and the Wilson Family will have nothing more to do with you."

"Atticus, you must keep your word!"

"Uncle Atticus, you must keep your word!" Michael responded quickly, fearing they might change their minds.

Holden rolled up his sleeves, ready to strike, but Atticus reminded him, "Holden, this concerns Isabella's future. You're busy with work and don't have much time to train. Let me handle him."

However, Holden didn't believe he couldn't beat Michael. He had to vent his anger personally. "No need, Atticus. Just watch how I make Michael admit defeat!"

Seeing this, Atticus didn't persuade further and sat back on the couch.

The other three brothers stepped back behind Atticus, making space.

Everyone thought Michael was a useless rich kid with no real skills, but they didn't know that he had the highest levels in various combat disciplines due to extensive private training, which he never revealed publicly.

So when Holden took an attack stance, Michael immediately saw his unfamiliar technique, realizing Holden probably hadn't undergone systematic training.

Michael reminded him, "Uncle Holden, you can't attack me. Defending would be more beneficial for you."

Holden couldn't stand it, and said straightly, "Stop talking. If you want to fight, come on, don't dawdle."

Before he finished speaking, Michael quickly dodged and, before Holden could attack, easily countered and pinned him.

Holden's arm was twisted behind him, and he cried out in pain.

Michael's deep voice came, "Uncle Holden, I won!"

He then released Holden's hand.

"You dare sneak attack me?" Holden was unconvinced and rolled up his sleeves to go again. "No, this doesn't count. One more time. I don't believe I can't beat you."

Michael retorted, "Uncle Holden, we agreed on a one-on-one. You are an elder; you can't go back on your word in public, can you?"

This last sentence successfully angered Holden.

He was a role model in the Wilson Family, with two younger brothers looking up to him. How could he be seen as a cheat?

"You only won because you sneak attacked me!" Even if it was true, Holden's momentum weakened.

He was too careless, giving Michael an opportunity.

But this was about Isabella's happiness. He couldn't give up easily.

Even if it meant cheating, he had to fight for Isabella's happiness.

Michael guessed Holden wouldn't let it go. He thought for a moment and spoke, "Uncles, you are all elders. I already offended Uncle Holden in the match and don't want to offend the you. Of course, if you still have objections, I'm ready anytime."

###chapter 138 Winning Without Pressure

Michael thought that he had already said it, so the  other uncles definitely wouldn't fight him anymore, and the matter of the divorce would be dropped.

But he really underestimated how much the Wilsons valued Isabella.

As soon as he finished speaking, Atticus strode over to them, pulling Holden aside.

He yanked him to the side. "He's trained in combat, Holden, you underestimated him. I'll take over!"

Then, he took off his suit jacket, stretched his neck, and nodded at Michael. "Michael, let's have a match!"

"Uncle Atticus, please!" Knowing he couldn't avoid it, Michael had no choice but to brace himself for the fight.

As the fight began, Atticus had the upper hand.

But as Michael slowly figured out Atticus' moves, he seized an opportunity after just a few rounds and took Atticus down with a beautiful shoulder throw.

When he floored Atticus, Michael intentionally lessened his strength.

He was only forced to fight; he didn't really want to injure Isabella's uncles.

Seeing the Wilson Family lost again, the remaining three were furious and asked Thomas, "Thomas, why didn't you tell us Michael was this good at fighting? Even Atticus got taken down."

In the minds of the four brothers, Atticus was someone who had come out of the special forces and later rose to the rank of an officer.

Over the years, he had been involved in peacekeeping missions abroad, counter-terrorism, and had seen it all. Taking down someone like Michael, a rich kid, should have been a piece of cake.

But the truth was right in front of them, and they had forgotten that it was over a decade ago.

Atticus was now approaching forty. While he had undergone significant training in the special forces early on, he had since become the one giving orders.

Nearly a decade of without fighting had left his combat reflexes no match for the agility of twenty-something Michael.

Michael used technique and physical agility, which allowed him to quickly react after seeing through Atticus's moves, leading Atticus to have no choice but to admit defeat.

The remaining three brothers couldn't believe Michael was this good at fighting and disregarded fairness, each taking turns to challenge him.

The result was Michael winning 5-0.

Losing so disgracefully, the Wilson Family' sons were very unwilling, but the rules were set by them from the start. Now that they couldn't win, they couldn't shamelessly say it didn't count, right?

They also lost their stance on supporting Isabella's divorce.

Seeing the uncles in front of him with sullen faces, Michael knew he had gone too far.

But since it concerned whether his marriage could continue, he wouldn't back down.

Now, he only hoped to persuade these uncles to agree that Isabella wouldn't divorce him. "Uncles, I understand the purpose of your visit, but we had an agreement. I hope you will honor your word and not bring up the divorce between Isabella and me again. I still have unfinished business. If there's nothing else, please leave," Michael directly asked them to leave.

The Wilsons' sons looked at each other. They couldn't win the fight and lost the right to negotiate, so staying here was indeed meaningless, but they couldn't just leave.

Isabella's future couldn't be tied to Michael, who didn't love her. Moreover, if they left like this, how would they explain it to Isabella?

Thomas, who knew the most about Isabella and Michael's marriage, couldn't give up Isabella's happiness, even if it meant he would lose face.

"Michael, we came here today to get an explanation for Isabella. You must give us an answer today, or no one can move us!" As he spoke, he glanced at the thick stack of unfinished files on Michael's desk.

He smirked, threatening Michael openly. "You heard my father's instructions at Isabella's birthday party. Now, the Wilson Group is fully in Isabella's hands. The five of us are quite free, but you are different. The Wilson Group can operate without us, but I wonder how long the Brown Group can last without you?"

He was sure Michael wouldn't dare do anything to them.

Michael's wound was already starting to hurt. He took a deep breath, not showing any sign of it on his face. "Uncles, what kind of explanation do you want?"

"I've already said, Isabella and I will never divorce. She is my wife, and that will never change. Even if you force us apart, as long as we officially divorced, anyone who dares to touch her will be an enemy of the Brown Family. Do you think anyone would dare to marry her?" Michael's voice was calm, but the intimidation in his words was undeniable.

The Wilson Family brothers were almost infuriated by him. But they had to admit, Michael, though arrogant, had the power and status to back it up.

Even with the Wilson Family as Isabella's support, as long as Michael's name was mentioned, no man would dare to get involved with her.

Looking around, the only family that could rival the Brown Family was the Wilson Family.

But the elders of both families supported the marriage and were eager for them to have a child.

Now, Isabella was trapped in this relationship, unable to move. But this couldn't go on; it would only make Isabella suffer.

Orion, who had lived abroad for years, squinted and retorted, "TheBrown Family may be powerful here, but who says Isabella has to live here? After the divorce, we'll take Isabella abroad to find a foreign man to spend her life with. What can you do about it?"

Hearing them talk about taking Isabella away, a dark light flashed in Michael's eyes.

He wouldn't let Isabella have the chance to leave him. "Uncles, you probably don't know, Isabella holds fifty-five percent of the Brown Group's shares. Strictly speaking, her status is above mine; she is the owner of the Brown Group. No matter where she goes, she is a Brown, and no one can change that."

Meanwhile.

Meanwhile, Aaron, who kept calling outside, finally heard a sleepy voice on the other end on his thirty-ninth call.

"Who is it?" Hearing Isabella's voice, Aaron's heart almost jumped out of his throat with excitement.

Before Isabella could react, Aaron told her everything that was happening.

There had already been sounds of fighting inside. If Isabella didn't come soon, Michael might really need an ambulance.

Isabella was stunned for a full three seconds before she gathered her thoughts. "You said my uncles went to find Michael?"

###chapter 139 Winning is Also Losing

Aaron nodded frantically, realizing that Isabella on the other end of the phone couldn't see the scene, and cried out his grievances. "They didn't just come; they even hit Mr. Brown just now. The sound was terrifying even from outside. You know Mr. Brown is injured. Mrs. Brown, you should come over. If this continues, I'm afraid someone might get killed."

Isabella was more aware than anyone of Michael's injuries. But why did her uncles go to his company?

With a bad feeling, Isabella couldn't think about anything else, quickly hung up, changed her clothes, and drove to the Brown Group.

In the CEO's office, after hearing Michael's words, the Wilsons' sons were first shocked, then quickly realized this was a trap set specifically for Isabella.

And the person who set the trap was none other than Michael, sitting right in front of them.

In order to tie Isabella to him, he used the entire Brown Group as bait. Michael was a deeply scheming and highly skilled person; Isabella could never outmatch him.

They could no longer suppress their anger and raised their fists to hit him.

"I can't take it anymore. I have to beat him up today to avenge Isabella!"

"Exactly, let's get him. Michael will only behave if we beat him up. How dare he bully Isabella like this? Does he think we're air?"

"Who cares about your money? Hit him!"

For the first time, they wanted to beat someone up so badly. They stood up and aimed their punches at Michael's face.

Michael instinctively tried to dodge but heard Aaron shout "Mrs. Brown" from outside. The voice was small, but he heard it clearly, knowing Isabella had arrived.

She had just started to change her opinion of him. If she came in and saw him hitting her five uncles, she would probably be so angry that she wouldn't speak to him again.

But if he was the one being hit, and the ones hitting him were her five uncles, would she feel a bit of pity for him?

Thinking of this, Michael lowered his raised arm and let them fists land on him.

Punch after punch, the Wilsons' sons showed no mercy.

Accidentally hitting his wound, Michael's face turned pale with pain.

At that moment, the door was kicked open, and Isabella, in a pure white coat, appeared in front of everyone with a commanding presence.

Seeing Michael being beaten, she couldn't believe her eyes. "Uncles, what are you doing? Five against one?"

Her five uncles, who had built successful careers on their own and were mature and steady, were now pressing a sick Michael onto the couch and hitting him?

She had personal grievances with Michael, and the divorce was her own decision.

But the Wilson Family and the Brown Family were two top families. If things got out of hand, could the Wilson Family escape unscathed?

She didn't believe her uncles didn't understand this, but she also knew why her uncles were here.

Isabella sighed. Even though her uncles meant well, if they really hurt Michael, it would be a big problem.

She stepped forward and pulled away Atticus and the others, then used her frail body to shield Michael.

"Uncle Atticus, stop hitting him. If you keep going, he won't survive." Isabella bit her lip, her eyes turning red, though she knew her uncles meant well.

Michael was like a poison to her. She knew that even a little contact would cause her immense pain, but she couldn't help wanting to be close to him.

She thought that maybe this was her fate. No matter how much she rejected him or gave up on him, she still had feelings for Michael.

Seeing this, Atticus and the others sighed.

They knew Isabella's temperament better than anyone. When she loved someone, she did so wholeheartedly, even if it meant getting hurt.

But what angered them more was that Michael was truly detestable.

He clearly didn't love Isabella, yet he refused to let her go. Now that Isabella had finally decided to leave, he used the interests of both families to bind her.

A man like Michael didn't deserve to stay by Isabella's side.

But at this moment, Michael, who had been beaten to the point of being unable to fight back, was holding his wound with one hand and gently tugging Isabella's sleeve with the other. "Isabella, I'm fine. Don't blame your uncles; they mean well. They are elders and can hit me if they want."

Hearing that, they eyes widened, and realized Michael was really good at acting.

Holden's fists clenched as he pointed at Michael and Isabella. "Isabella, don't believe him. He's just pretending to gain your sympathy so you won't bring up the divorce."

Michael pointed to the wounds on his face, his pale face looking innocent. "Uncle Holden, these are real injuries. What am I pretending?"

"I think you just need another beating!" Holden couldn't stand his hypocritical act and was about to punch him again, but Atticus stopped him with a look. "Holden, enough."

As a long-time leader, Atticus saw through Michael's little tricks at a glance.

They had already acted; arguing further would only provide more evidence for Michael.

But facing Isabella, they felt guilty. Atticus explained, "Isabella, this is all a misunderstanding."

Isabella took a deep breath, shook her head, and told them not to say anything more. "Uncle Atticus, I know you care about me, which is why you came here despite your status. But I really don't want to drag you into these troubles. Between Michael and me... can we handle it ourselves? Don't do anything foolish again. Grandpa will blame you if he finds out."

By the end, Isabella was almost in tears. She was heartbroken for her uncles and angry at herself for being so weak. If her uncles clashed with Michael again, she would be in a difficult position.

The usually imposing Wilsons' sons couldn't say a word when they saw Isabella so distressed, feeling both sad and guilty.

They had scared Isabella by putting her in the awkward situation, realizing they had indeed been impulsive today.

Before doing this, they should have thought about the consequences for Isabella.

Seeing that both sides had calmed down, Isabella stood up, turned to Michael, and said, "I apologize on behalf of my uncles for what happened today. I hope you can keep this from Grandpa. And one more thing, I love my uncles very much. If you dare to retaliate against them, I won't stand by."

Michael's initially smiling face slowly turned serious at her last words.

He thought she was protecting him because she cared about him, but it turned out she was just afraid he would retaliate against her uncles.

The light in his eyes dimmed, and Michael pressed his wound, saying nothing more.

###chapter 140 Arranging a Blind Date

At this point, the Wilsons' sons had no reason to stay, so they alked out of the office.

Just as they were about to leave, Thomas noticed Isabella still standing there, not intending to follow them. He went over and grabbed her hand angrily. "Isabella, you are not allowed to stay here. Come with us. I'll arrange the best men for you to meet, whether they're from home or abroad, young or mature and charming. As long as you like them, I'll arrange it all."

"I don't believe that with the Wilson family's power and influence, we can't find a man better than Michael?" Thomas got furious just mentioning Michael.

Michael had fought all five of them, but as soon as Isabella arrived, he acted all pitiful. With such acting talent, why didn't he go work in Hollywood?

Isabella sighed, "Fine."

She knew her uncles' personalities well. If she didn't agree, they might come back immediately.

Thinking she still had feelings for Michael, they might not be able to resist beating him up again.

Hearing her agree, Holden, who was walking ahead, was also delighted. He came back, took her hand, and continued to persuade her as they walked. "Isabella, tell me, what type do you like? Do you have any requirements for body type or appearance? Or maybe you like someone knowledgeable. I think some people are just too ignorant, which makes them arrogant and cold-blooded, so no one likes them." Holden was clearly mocking Michael.

The group left quickly, and soon the office was empty.

Michael glanced at his wounds, saw no bleeding, and sat back at his desk.

He picked up the document he had been reading and resumed his work, as if nothing had happened.

But only Michael knew that a certain part of his body hurt terribly, a tearing pain, and even his wounds felt uncomfortable.

But whenever he thought of Isabella agreeing to the blind date so readily, he couldn't help but smile bitterly.

No matter how much his heart hurt, no one would feel sorry for him.

Until evening, Isabella felt increasingly uneasy.

She had clearly seen Michael's face at the time. Although he acted normal, the pain from his wounds couldn't be faked. Plus, with all her five uncles attacking him, if his wounds reopened...

Thinking of this, Isabella was worried and called Michael.

But it kept going unanswered, she became even more anxious.

Taking a deep breath, Isabella calmed herself down and called Aaron, who had called her earlier in the day.

Fortunately, Aaron answered quickly, "Mrs. Brown, is there something you need?"

Isabella was momentarily speechless, unsure how to ask about Michael.

She could only hint. "Are you with Michael? I need to talk to him, but I can't reach him."

Aaron paused and checked the time; it was 8 PM.

He couldn't believe thatIsabella was actively looking for Michael at this hour.

It seemed their relationship was indeed improving, so Michael maybe wouldn't be so stern with them anymore.

"Mrs. Brown, Mr. Brown is still at the office. He might have left his phone aside and didn't hear it. But he hasn't had dinner yet, and I was just about to get him something. Would you like to come over?" Aaron asked cautiously, afraid of scaring Isabella away.

Isabella frowned and thought to herself, 'It is so late, and Michael is still working? Is he out of mind.'

"How's his injury... is it better?" Isabella asked hesitantly. Given their current relationship, she couldn't show too much concern.

But Michael's injury was because of her, and her uncles' visit today was also related to her. Logically, she should show some concern.

Little did she know, her question reminded Aaron.

Michael's injury was caused by Isabella's uncles. If Isabella felt sorry for Michael, they might have a chance to reconcile.

"Mrs. Brown, to be honest, Mr. Brown looks terrible. You know he promised to watch over Harper last night and didn't sleep much. Then he got beaten up today. But Mr. Brown insisted on working instead of going to the hospital. He just took some painkillers and continued working. It's this late, and he still won't rest." Aaron deliberately made Michael sound pitiful, avoiding the details of his injury.

He only mentioned how Michael was wronged and endured it for Isabella.

Isabella originally just wanted to check on Michael. Hearing that he was working despite his injury and still at the office this late, she panicked and ignored the flaws in Aaron's words. "Is he crazy? He's so injured and won't go to the hospital. Does he want to die from the pain? Aaron, as his assistant, why didn't you remind him?"

Aaron pretended to be troubled, "Mrs. Brown, I did, but Mr. Brown wouldn't listen. He only listens to you."

After all, everyone could see that Michael didn't want to divorce Isabella.

"Mrs. Brown, why don't you come and persuade Mr. Brown? As his assistant, I can't stand it anymore. You've seen his injury. If it causes complications, it could be fatal. Besides, you're in the middle of a divorce. If something happens to Mr. Brown now, not to mention the public opinion, you wouldn't feel right either." Aaron's persuasion finally swayed Isabella.

That was right, Michael could have an accident, but not when they were about to finalize their divorce.

She wasn't obligated to take responsibility for him, nor would she be forced to face public scrutiny.

Ending the call, Isabella drove straight to the Brown Group.

Aaron bought some light snacks and placed them in front of Michael, not in a hurry to leave. He pursed his lips, looking like he had something to say.

Michael hadn't eaten all afternoon and was starving.

Seeing Aaron's reaction, he frowned. "Do you have something to say?"

Aaron didn't know how to explain that Isabella was coming, thinking it would ruin the surprise if he told Michael now. But if he didn't say anything, what excuse could he use to leave?

After all, Michael wanted to see Isabella, and it wouldn't be appropriate for him to stay.

When Michael questioned him, he nodded without hesitation. "Mr. Brown, can I leave early tonight?"

Michael paused and looked at Aaron suspiciously, whose behavior was like being urged by a girlfriend to ask for time off.

Realizing this, Michael found it normal.

After all, Aaron had worked for him for several years and was at the age to date.

"In such a hurry?" Seeing Aaron checking the time, Michael raised an eyebrow and asked.

###chapter 141 Solitude

Aaron was mentally calculating the time Isabella had been at the company. He didn't know what Michael was thinking and just nodded. "Yes, it's really urgent!"

If he didn't leave now, he would run into Isabella soon. By then, it would be impossible to leave.

Seeing Aaron sweat for the first time over a girlfriend, Michael shook his head helplessly.

While he was having no luck in love, Aaron seemed to be in a relationship.

As the boss, it was indeed his fault for keeping Aaron at the company at this hour. He couldn't deny Aaron the time to date. "Go ahead, don't keep her waiting. If you get married, remember to let me know."

Aaron had been his subordinate for a few years. If Aaron got married, Michael would definitely give him a big gift.

Michael actually let him go without asking any questions. Aaron ran towards the door.

As he closed the door, he suddenly remembered that Michael just say not to forget to notify him about something.

But he diecided to forget it and leave first. Isabella was probably already in the building by now.

Just as he was about to press the elevator button, Aaron gasped when he saw an elevator coming up from the first floor.

Realizing it must be Isabella, Aaron quickly went to another elevator, and disappeared from the executive floor before Isabella could reach the top.

Isabella stepped out of the elevator and walked straight towards the CEO's office.

But standing outside the office, she didn't see Aaron.

By this time, Aaron should have been back even if he went out for a late-night snack. Why was there no one on the entire floor?

It was late at night, and it was easy to let others overthink. If Aaron were around, it would be less awkward.

How was she supposed to face Michael alone, especially after what she had said to him during the day, the mere thought of it making her scalp tingle.

What Isabella didn't know was that Michael in the office had also heard her footsteps.

The repeated sound of high heels, occasionally stomping heavily, as sound as during the day.

Realizing it was Isabella, Michael's eyes flashed with surprise.

At this moment, he was glad he had let Aaron go earlier, so he could enjoy this time alone with Isabella.

Suppressing his excitement, he slowly stood up and opened the door that separated them.

Seeing her really standing there, Michael just raised an eyebrow and said coolly, "What are you doing here?"

Isabella was still imagining Aaron running back to help her out.

However she met Michael's cold, deep eyes at the next second.

She pressed her lips together, unable to come up with an excuse.

Instead, she blurted out, "I'm looking for Aaron. Is he here?"

After saying that, Isabella felt extremely embarrassed.

Even if she wanted to make an excuse, she shouldn't have said that. Who would show up at Michael's office at night and ask where his assistant was? It was like exposing her true thoughts.

Michael's lips curled slightly, his voice unchanged. "He left for the day. He's not here."

"Left for the day?" Isabella opened her mouth, wanting to ask why Aaron left at this time, but she couldn't bring herself to say it.

After all, at this hour, who wouldn't leave work except for someone like Michael who was solely focused on work? So, was she going to be alone with Michael tonight?

Isabella pressed her lips together, trying to hold onto the last bit of hope. "But didn't Aaron go out to get you something to eat?"

She really didn't want to face him alone, especially with no one else around.

Michael nodded slightly. "Yeah, he left after getting it."

He stepped aside, letting Isabella see the food on the table.

Isabella was completely disheartened. But she couldn't help but suspect that Aaron's timely disappearance was to create an opportunity for her and Michael to be alone at night.

But Michael didn't give her much time to think. He stood by the door, staring at her. "Do you like standing at the door talking to people?"

Isabella was stunned.

She was about to say no when she saw Michael's tall figure turn and walk into the office.

He picked up the late-night snack and went to the sofa, starting to eat his second meal of the day.

Since she left, he had been overwhelmed with various emotions and had a lot of work, leaving him with no appetite.

Now he was so hungry he could barely stand. If he didn't eat something, he might really collapse.

Seeing that Michael didn't seem to care about what happened during the day, Isabella had no choice but to come in.

She walked over and saw that Michael was only eating a bowl of plain porridge, which made her heart ache a little.

She didn't want to admit she felt sorry for Michael, but her feelings couldn't lie.

She sighed and sat across from him, "Why are you only eating this?"

Michael chewed the porridge slowly, swallowed, and looked up at her calmly. "I'm a patient. What else can a patient eat?"

"You only need to avoid hurting the wound, not starve yourself!" Isabella said helplessly.

When Daniel was unwell before, she had taken care of him, so she knew basic nursing knowledge.

But she didn't expect that as the CEO of a group, Michael would be reduced to drinking porridge when sick.

Isabella, who wanted to say more, thought she might be overstepping.

She swallowed her words of concern, cleared her throat, and stated her purpose for coming. "Um... did my uncles hurt you during the day?"

Michael was already injured, and her uncles were all strong, especially Atticus, who was a former special forces soldier.

If they really went all out, Michael would definitely be at a disadvantage.

Michael didn't want to talk about what happened during the day, so he simply replied, "I'm not hurt."

Michael thought she came because she couldn't let go of him, but he was wrong.

Without more appetite, he put down the spoon and got up to leave. Maybe he moved too forcefully, pulling at the wound on his waist.

The pain came unexpectedly, and Michael barely held back a cry.

But the cold sweat on his forehead and his overly pale face didn't escape Isabella's notice.

She was startled and quickly walked over to support him. "Michael, are you okay?"

Although he cherished the feeling of her being close, Michael still pushed her away. "I'm fine. If you came just to ask about your uncles, you can leave now!"

###chapter 142 Relax, You're Too Tense

Normally, Isabella wouldn't say a word more and would slam the door and leave.

But now, seeing Michael's wound acting up, she couldn't leave. "Michael, you need to go to the hospital with me right now."

Michael was in so much pain but still gritted his teeth and held on, not afraid of passing out in the office with no one to help him.

Unexpectedly, Michael didn't listen at all. He would rather endure the pain than go with her. "Isabella, I told you, you can leave now. My matter has nothing to do with you." "

Michael's non-cooperation made Isabella's anger flare up. "That's not up to you. Don't forget, we're not really divorced yet!"

As soon as she said it, Isabella froze.

These were originally Michael's words to threaten her, and she never thought she would use them against him one day.

But now she couldn't care less. Before Michael could react to what she said, Isabella pushed him back onto the couch.

She reached out to lift his shirt to check the wound.

"Isabella, what are you doing?" Although Michael reacted quickly, Isabella still saw the gauze on his wound seeping with red.

Her brow furrowed instinctively, and she said angrily, "What do you think? Don't you feel any pain from your wound reopening? I really wonder if you're a puppet, with no sensation at all."

"Where's the first aid kit?" Isabella asked him with a frown. She had taken care of patients before and knew how to do basic wound care.

Michael was stunned for a moment but, seeing the urgency in her eyes, he said, "In the second drawer of the cabinet."

Isabella glared at him but still went to get the first aid kit.

The originally empty and quiet office became a bit warmer with Isabella's presence.

Watching her hurriedly get the first aid kit for him, her face tense with worry, he couldn't help but smile.

It seemed that he wasn't completely unimportant to her.

Isabella quickly brought the first aid kit, lifted Michael's shirt, and gently removed the gauze to reveal the slightly torn wound underneath.

Fortunately, it wasn't too serious, or she would have forcibly taken Michael to the hospital.

"Don't move!" She took the medicine and cotton swabs from the first aid kit, squat in front of the couch, and carefully changed his dressing.

Perhaps Isabella was too focused on the task at hand and didn't notice Michael's gaze on her.

Michael's eyes were no longer cold but filled with warmth, perhaps this was what true couples were like.

They could argue, but when something really happened, they would still care for each other.

If he could, he really wished time would stop at this moment.

Just the two of them, with no one forcing them to divorce, and Isabella not leaving him for someone else.

Suddenly, a sharp pain in his wound made Michael gasp and look at Isabella's fluffy head nestled in his arms.

His voice was hoarse. "Isabella, it's hurt. Can't you be gentler?"

"So you do know!" Isabella said angrily, "I did it on purpose. Who told you not to take care of your body, stubbornly refusing to go to the hospital even with a wound?"

Suddenly looking up, Isabella met Michael's eyes, which were shining with a glint, and his gaze was directed at her breasts.

Isabella narrowed her eyes and applied more pressure.

This time, Michael really felt the pain. "Isabella, you're doing it on purpose!"

"Isabella, you're doing it on purpose!"

She snorted coldly, "Yes, don't you know your own condition? At a time like this, you're still thinking about sex. You deserve the pain!"

Michael was helpless.

She was right in front of him, her delicate skin and sexy breast exposed. Even if he wanted to pretend not to see, he couldn't.

After all, they had sex before, and those passionate moments replayed in his mind, impossible to forget.

He knew better than anyone how well their bodies fit together, and the alluring Isabella made him addicted.

Isabella, focused on changing the dressing, had no idea what Michael was thinking.

As she closed the first aid kit and was about to stand up, a large hand suddenly grabbed her from behind.

The first aid kit fell to the ground with a noise, and before Isabella could react, she fell into the soft couch.

In front of her was Michael's handsome, innocent face.

Their bodies pressed tightly together, Michael's suppressed breathing close to her. Isabella was stunned for a moment and immediately understood.

She pushed against his chest with her hands, her face flushed. "Michael, you bastard! Is sex all you think about? Get off me."

"No way!" Michael refused bluntly, even mischievously pressing his body closer, letting her feel his passion and desire to make love to her.

Isabella's face turned even blusher.

Michael bit her ear and said in a hoarse voice, "Isabella, I've always wanted to make love to you in the office. It would be more exciting during the day, but nighttime is good too. Looking at the view outside the window, don't you think it adds a special flavor?"

As he spoke, his large hand slid from her waist, his rough fingertips circling her sensitive areas, then gripping tightly.

He pinned Isabella beneath him and kissed her hard. "Isabella, you're mine. Don't think about escaping."

Isabella was kissed almost to the point of suffocation, and her skirt was somehow removed by Michael.

Looking at the bright lights above, she suddenly came to her senses, and realized this was his office.

"Let go, Michael, let go of me." Isabella used all her strength to try to push Michael away, but her body was pinned under him, and she couldn't match his strength.

Unexpectedly, he didn't try to control her, just said softly, "Move again, and my wound will reopen."

Hearing that, Isabella froze.

But this gave Michael a perfect opportunity. He only needed to move a little further to have her.

With their previous experiences, Isabella was no longer an innocent girl. Moreover, Michael was the man she loved.

Isabella's body couldn't help but heat up, but thinking about their relationship and Michael's wound, she tried not to fall too quickly. "We don't have any contraceptive measure here, we can't."

"Why not?" Michael chuckled and kissed her lips. "Don't forget, we're trying for a baby. These days are your fertile period. Maybe a change of place will be more effective. There's no one here, relax, you're too tense."

As Michael spoke, he teased her body with his fingers. When she was completely unguarded, he suddenly thrust forward, breaking their last barrier.

Michael's sexy panting mixed with Isabella's moans. Their bodies reacted more honestly than their minds. As passion peaked, she couldn't help but wrap her arms around his strong body.

###chapter 143 Michael, Are You on Aphrodisiacs?

She originally thought that Michael was injured and that one time would be enough, but he was more vigorous than Isabella expected.

Just after they finished on the couch, he carried her to the floor-to-ceiling window, the cold glass pressing against her breast.

Behind her was Michael's burning chest, his desire unusually intense.

Isabella wanted to remind him to take it easy, his wound hadn't healed yet.

As soon as she opened her mouth, her voice was shattered by his thrusts, unable to form a complete sentence.

She gritted her teeth in anger. "Michael, are you on aphrodisiacs? Aren't you afraid of dying?"

Her body was shaking from the impact, Isabella braced herself against the window to steady herself.

But Michael behind her was like a madman, grabbing her as if he had been celibate for centuries, hitting her deepest every time.

The overwhelming tingling sensation spread from within her to her fingertips.

Her fingers wanted to grab something, but could only leave handprints sliding down the window. Moans uncontrollably escaped from her lips.

"I've only made love to you a few times, and you're already wishing me dead?" Michael leaned over her from behind, his hot lips close to her ear, his voice low and magnetic. "Isabella, the night is still long, what you owe me can't be repaid with just a few times of making love."

Isabella thought he was just talking, never expecting that he would actually make her legs weak in the office before letting her go.

Before she passed out, she had only one thought in her mind that she would never believe a man's words during the sex.

Michael said he would let her go if she begged.

But the more she begged, the more excited Michael became, pressing her down and making love to her over and over again, for hours on end.

When Isabella woke up again, it was already the next morning.

In the office lounge, sunlight streamed in from the window, she rubbed her waist and slowly sat on the edge of the bed.

The room was empty except for her, with no sign of Michael.

She thought of how crazy Michael had been with her in the office last night, and now she really didn't know how to face him.

As soon as her toes touched the ground, Isabella's legs trembled. So she had to hold onto the bed to stand up.

Not knowing Michael, where did he get the energy, making it so she could barely get out of bed, while he disappeared early in the morning as if nothing had happened.

Her clothes had long been torn to shreds by Michael, but fortunately, Michael was considerate to place  a clean and neat suit at the foot of the bed, even with the underwear.

Seeing that, Isabella's anger subsided a bit.

The lounge was equipped with a shower, she went in to take a shower and cleaned out what Michael had left inside her.

Michael, wanting her to get pregnant in one go, always made her raise her hips after making love, blocking the semen from coming out.

This led to her waking up in the morning with semen flowing down her legs.

After tidying up, Isabella put on the clothes Michael had brought, a neat light blue suit, which matched her temperament well.

In terms of picking clothes, she still trusted Michael's taste.

Opening the door, Isabella looked up to see Michael sitting at the desk reviewing documents.

Obviously, Michael heard her too, turned his head to look at her, his eyes softening. "You're awake, why not rest a bit more?"

Isabella looked up and carefully examined Michael, who had changed his clothes, wearing a high-quality black shirt and trousers, making him look even more upright.

The collar was slightly open, revealing a sexy Adam's apple and collarbone, his skin contrasting sharply with the black clothes, exuding a cold and noble aura. His eyes couldn't hide the satisfaction from making love.

Seeing him so refreshed, Isabella got even angrier.

Why was it that she could barely walk, while he acted like nothing happened?

She glanced at the time, realizing it was almost nine o'clock.

She gritted her teeth. "It's so late, and I have things to do today."

She frowned as if remembering something, "I have to go."

Saying that, she hurried out.

"Aren't you going to have breakfast?" Seeing this, Michael put down the contract in his hand, his face darkened, and got up to chase her.

They had just experienced the most intimate thing yesterday, and she woke up wanting to leave without even saying a word to him.What did she take him for?

Seeing Michael chasing after her, Isabella frowned and stopped. "Do you need something?"

Her tone was as cold and hard as if she were talking to a subordinate.

Michael's face darkened even more, unable to control himself, he pulled her back into the room, pinning her against the wall behind the door. "You can leave, but you have to eat first."

Afraid she would refuse, he lowered his stance and tone. "We agreed to prepare for pregnancy, you can't go to work without eating."

Isabella said nothing.

Michael took her silence as agreement, and turned to call Aaron, meticulously instructing him on what kind of breakfast to buy.

It wasn't that she didn't feel his kindness, but rather that she saw too clearly, her heart filled with too much disappointment.

She thought he did all this for her, but in the end, it was just to get her pregnant quickly.

What he cared about was whether she could bear a child for both families.

Whether her place in his heart was real or not, she had no way of knowing.

But the ridiculous thing was, she had fallen for him again because he saved her once, and foolishly ran to him in the middle of the night to make love.

Aaron brought breakfast quickly, and under Michael's supervision, Isabella had to eat it in small bites.

Then, she silently listened to his instructions and quickly left the Brown Group.

In contrast to Isabella's low spirits, Michael was in an exceptionally good mood for the rest of the day.

In the meeting, he not only occasionally smiled, but even the project manager who made a mistake with the contract was just waved off, told to correct it.

Seeing that, the people below were stunned, and they all thought Michael was out of his mind.

Everyone turned their eyes to the president's assistant Aaron, but Aaron just smiled mysteriously, refusing to reveal anything.

If Michael's marital secrets got out, he would be blacklisted by Michael in the city by tomorrow.

In the evening, Michael took Aaron to meet a client.

The other party chose a private room at the Radiant Pearl Hotel.

Both sides came with sincerity, and with Michael personally attending, it showed his importance to the project.

After a few drinks, Aaron said a few polite words, and the contract was settled.

Michael was injured, so Aaron drank on his behalf.

He held a cup of tea, chatting and laughing with the other party's CEO.

The other party, being able to connect with the Brown Family, naturally wouldn't worry about resources in the future, and both sides left satisfied.

As they walked out of the hotel lobby, they shook hands to say goodbye.

At that moment, a young couple walking in from the hotel entrance caught his eye.

###chapter 144 Blind Date

The man dressed in a handsome gray suit, smiled as he held Isabella's arm.

And right next to him, Isabella had already changed out of the light blue suit he had personally chosen for her and was now wearing a black strapless cocktail dress.

Her hair, like seaweed, cascaded down her back, and her delicate face now beamed with a sweet smile for Emilio.

'Isabella, you're ruthless.' Michael cursed in his head.

How long had it been since Isabella left his side, and now she was here arm in arm with Emilio.

Michael clenched his fist. If he had known she was in a hurry to leave this morning to meet Emilio, he wouldn't have let her go so easily.

He should have tortured her in bed every night so she couldn't get up.

As Isabella sat down face to face with Emilio, she inexplicably felt a chill behind her.

She just thought she was underdressed and didn't pay much attention to it.

She smiled and said to Emilio, "I owed you a meal, and it took until today to find the time. I hope you're not mad."

These past few days, she had been so busy with Harper and Michael that she had forgotten about the dinner she owed Emilio.

If it weren't for the reminder on her phone, she would have completely forgotten.

Since Emilio joined the Wilson Group, he had earned recognition for his abilities, both at work and among the shareholders.

With Emilio around, she could relax a lot more, so Isabella felt grateful to him.

But while she appreciated his help, she wouldn't keep someone as talented as Emilio confined to the Wilson Group as a vice president. Someone as outstanding as him deserved a broader stage.

"How could I?" Emilio smiled at her. "No matter how bold I am, I can't be mad at my boss, Ms. Taylor, don't you think?"

Isabella knew he was joking and played along. "Then Mr. Blair, don't be polite with me. Order whatever you want. I brought a black card."

"Alright." Emilio nodded indulgently and picked up the menu.

Having been abroad for a long time, he wasn't very familiar with the tastes in Evergreen City. After looking at a few items, he called the waiter to ask for recommendations.

The waiter, seeing this, instinctively thought they were a couple.

After briefly introducing a few classic dishes, the waiter pointed to the top of the menu at the special signature set. "Sir, this is our hotel's best couple's set, which includes appetizers, soup, and complimentary ice cream and fruit."

Emilio nodded after hearing this, his eyes drawn to the picture of the candles.

"Are these included too?" He was just curious and asked casually.

But the waiter misunderstood and smiled. "Don't worry, sir. Couple's sets are all about the atmosphere, and this kind of ceremony won't be lacking."

Both of them were stunned by this.

Isabella was surprised by Emilio's choice of the set, while Emilio hadn't expected that a casual question would deepen the waiter's misunderstanding.

"No, you misunderstood. We..." Emilio wanted to explained.

"We'll take this set." Isabella decided before he could finish, and the waiter walked away with a smile.

Just as Emilio's heart skipped a beat, thinking Isabella might be trying to accept him, she blinked her bright eyes.

She leaned in and said, "You find the set with candles interesting too, don't you? So do I. But these things are just gimmicks to attract people. You don't need to think there's anything wrong with it."

Seeing the sparkle in her eyes, Emilio pursed his lips and nodded, saying, "Alright."

The hotel's service was quick, and in the quiet candlelight, they enjoyed the satisfaction brought by the food, chatting as they ate.

"Emilio, I heard from Jesse that Uncle Atticus came to the office today and stayed in your office for a long time. Did something happen?" Isabella asked.

As the company's vice president, it was reasonable for Emilio to be interviewed by Atticus.

But Jesse said they talked for at least an hour, which made her couldn't help but be curious about what they discussed.

After all, when she was at the company, Atticus never talked to her about the company's future development. Why was he so engaged with Emilio?

Faced with Isabella's curiosity, Emilio's hand paused, and his ears turned slightly blush, but he quickly covered it up.

He took a sip of red wine, avoiding her gaze. "Nothing much. Mr. Wilson mainly talked to me about you."

"Me?" Isabella was stunned, even more curious now. "Uncle Atticus talked to you about me for an hour. What are you hiding from me? Is it about changes in the company's five-year development plan, and that's why he didn't tell me and talked to you first?"

But Emilio just shook his head and smiled. "No, don't overthink it. You're the CEO of this group. I wouldn't handle anything over your head. Since you're so curious, I'll tell you. I wasn't planning to hide it from you anyway."

Hearing that, Isabella's heart tightened.

If it made Emilio this nervous, it must be something significant.

But what she didn't expect was how quickly Atticus and the others acted.

Emilio said, "Mr. Wilson told me that after discussing with the your other uncles, they thought I was the most suitable match for you, so they wanted to ask my opinion."

Isabella opened her mouth but could only ask, "What did you tell Uncle Atticus?"

Emilio didn't know what she was thinking, but he didn't want to miss another chance.

"I'm fine with it. It's up to you." He left the choice to her.

Even now, he didn't want to put any psychological pressure on her.

He was in love with her, but her heart had long been with Michael. It wasn't easy to pull away so quickly, so he didn't want to make things difficult for her.

Isabella fell silent.

She had sensed Emilio's feelings during the game in the bar last time, but she regretted it afterward.

He was such a good person; how could she use him to forget Michael?

That day in Michael's office, she thought her uncles were just trying to provoke Michael with a casual remark.

She didn't expect them to act so quickly and even approach Emilio.

Didn't they think that if she and Emilio had known each other for so many years, if they could have become lovers, it would have happened already?

She sighed, thinking it was a good opportunity to apologize today. "Emilio, I'm sorry. Not just for this matchmaking thing with my uncles, but also for what happened at the bar last time. I was too selfish, trying to drag you into my mess with Michael. Afterward, I realized we are better off as friends. Just consider what I said that day as nonsense."

###chapter 145 Meeting the Rival in Love

Hearing this answer, Emilio wasn't too disappointed; it was the response he had expected.

He understood Isabella and knew she was still entangled in her feelings for Michael, but how long could a marriage that wasn't approved by her family last?

He was confident that day would come, when she would move on and welcome someone new into her life.

"It's okay. Besides, that time was just a game, I didn't take it seriously, so why should you?" Emilio's gentle voice easily soothed Isabella's unease and anxiety.

"Emilio, you're still so kind." Looking at the understanding Emilio in front of her, and then thinking of the domineering and controlling Michael, Isabella felt a pang of sadness.

How could Emilio understand and care for her, while Michael couldn't?

Just as she was thinking this, her phone in her bag suddenly rang.

Isabella picked it up and saw it was Michael. Her heart tightened instantly.

Could Michael read minds? She had just thought of him, and his call came right after.

She didn't want to ruin the quiet dining atmosphere with Emilio, but the phone seemed relentless, its piercing ringtone continuing.

She closed her eyes, pressed the answer button, and put the phone to her ear.

"Where are you?" Michael's brief words carried a strong commanding tone.

Isabella's heart tightened, she glanced at Emilio in front of her, and thinking of Michael's warning, decided not to tell the truth. "I'm working overtime at the office, what's up?"

All she heard from the other end was a low, cold laugh, after which there was silence.

Just when Isabella thought Michael had hung up, a large hand took her phone and held it, naturally sitting beside her.

Seeing Michael appear in front of her in an instant, Isabella's eyes widened in shock. "Michael, what are you doing here?"

Michael leaned back, tilted his head to look at her, a sarcastic smile on his lips. "Your so-called overtime is actually a date with other man? Isabella, you're getting bolder and bolder, how should I punish you?"

The last sentence was whispered in Isabella's ear, only audible to the two of them.

Though it was a tempting and intimate whisper, to Isabella it sounded like the devil's murmur.

At this moment, she deeply regretted saying she was "working overtime."

And being caught by Michael on the spot, it was really extremely awkward.

If she had known he was here, she would have said she was out with colleagues for dinner, anything but this. But she had chosen the one thing that would make Michael furious.

Compared to Isabella's unease, Michael showed no sign of discomfort.

He handed her phone back to her, chuckling. "Are you so surprised to see me that you don't even want your phone?"

Isabella glanced at him, took the phone, and pursed her lips without speaking.

At this moment, Michael's gaze had already shifted to Emilio sitting opposite, his eyebrows raised as he looked at the candle unique to the couple's set.

His expression was intriguing, naturally picking up Isabella's wine glass and swirling it in front of him.

Just when Isabella thought he was about to get angry, Michael chuckled lightly and said slowly, "Mr. Blair, how does it feel to share a candlelit dinner with my wife?"

His words were calm, but the meaning was clear.

Isabella was his wife all the time, and not someone Emilio could take away.

But Michael's condescending tone, treating Isabella as his possession, provoked Emilio.

He hated most that Michael didn't cherish Isabella after getting her.

If he didn't like Isabella, he could have chosen to break off the engagement back then. Why keep her by his side for three years, torturing her? Michael was not worthy of Isabella's goodness.

Emilio raised an eyebrow, and under Michael's provocative gaze, gracefully picked up his wine glass and clinked it with Michael's, which made a crisp clinking sound.

He took a sip of wine, looked at Isabella gently, and said softly, "Isabella, I didn't finish what I was saying earlier. Your uncles don't just think I'm a suitable match for you, but they intend for me to be your marriage partner. They recommended this place for us to get to know each other better."

Isabella's mind went blank, she couldn't hear what Emilio said next.

What were her uncles thinking? Didn't they know Emilio was her friend? If this continued, they wouldn't even be able to remain friends.

Emilio, however, looked directly at Michael, unceremoniously saying, "Mr. Brown, I think you should see your place clearly. Everyone knows the state of your marriage with Isabella, you have no right to sit here and declare your sovereignty as her husband. Isabella is excellent, she has never been anyone's possession, she has an independent personality, and besides...."

Emilio sneered. "Even her uncles support me being with Isabella, what do you have to oppose us?"

These words shocked Isabella, and every word Emilio said was hitting Michael's nerves.

But when she turned to see Michael's complex expression, as if he had eaten a crow, Isabella felt a great sense of satisfaction, thinking someone could put Michael in his place finally.

Emilio, her good friend, had delivered a powerful blow.

But the next second, she couldn't smile anymore.

Michael laughed coldly, leaning closer to her, his gaze contemptuously sweeping over Emilio. "Mr. Blair, you also know we just have marital problems. Everyone in Evergreen City knows Isabella and I haven't divorced yet. You're eager to take the homewrecker's place, don't you think your actions are too much? And, Uncles just have some misunderstandings about me. Once the misunderstandings are cleared, everything will return to normal. So, I advise you not to speak too soon, to avoid embarrassment later."

Michael didn't take Emilio seriously at all. The only one who could make him feel threatened was Nolan. Emilio dared to speak arrogantly in front of him, who did he think he was?

"Really?" Emilio remained calm. "But I think the timing is just right, you two will divorce soon, I can wait."

"Say that again!" Michael narrowed his eyes; Emilio's words were like a knife, deeply provoking him.

Emilio raised an eyebrow. "Otherwise, Mr. Brown, why do you think you can hurt Isabella for three years and a few good words will make it up? Isabella endured it because she loved you, but we don't. Her uncles and I have been waiting for this day. Just a reminder, a week has already passed, time is running out, I wonder what you are still holding on to?"

###chapter 146 Parting on Bad Terms

"Emilio, you really have everything planned out, even counting when I'm getting a divorce!" Michael's expression darkened, and his tone lost its politeness. "Too bad, you miscalculated. Not just a month, Isabella and I will never get divorced in this lifetime. If you think you can compete with me for Isabella, you better give up now! Well, and I forgot to tell you something. We had a wonderful night together last night. Do you still think using divorce to provoke me has any meaning?"

After speaking, Michael reached out and wrapped his arm around Isabella from behind the chair.

His movements were so practiced that they didn't seem like those of a couple about to divorce.

When Michael's large hand wrapped around her, Isabella couldn't help but feel a tremor in her heart, realizing she indeed still had unresolved feelings for Michael.

If she didn't truly care about Michael, she wouldn't have stopped resisting and lain beneath him, letting him have his way, just because he said his wound had reopened.

She had been insisting on on divorcing him. But only she knew that she could deceive everyone but not her own heart.

She was indeed swayed by Michael's goodness.

But right now, she couldn't let Michael bully Emilio, who was speaking up for her.

But before she could speak, Michael had already seen through her.

He pulled her into his arms with a bit more force, kissed the top of her head, and softly said, "Isabella, wasn't I right just now?"

He deliberately showed a harmonious side of their marriage in front of Emilio.

But to Isabella, these actions were just tools for him to show off.

She understood clearly that a proud man like Michael was always surrounded by admirers wherever he went.

Now, being provoked by Emilio, he could only hold onto her to regain his male pride and pathetic self-esteem.

Her eyes had lost all warmth, but she couldn't break free from Michael's grip, only struggling silently in his arms.

But to Emilio, this was evidence of their rekindled love.

Seeing that, He couldn't stand it.

He got up and left. "Isabella, let's end it here for today. I have something to do, so I'll head back first."

He wasn't angry at Isabella but at Michael, who was forcing her to forget the past and accept him again.

Staying any longer would only make Michael say more hurtful things to her, so he decided to leave.

But that didn't mean he would give up on Isabella. Even if she didn't love him, he would help her leave this unsuitable relationship.

"Emilio," Isabella called out urgently, but Emilio was determined to leave and walked straight out.

Michael's eyes were fixed on her, and when he saw her almost chasing after Emilio, he clenched his teeth.

His large hand tightened around her, and he suppressed his inner anger, saying irritably, "He is already far away. Do you still want to chase after him?"

Isabella's eyes reddened with anger, and she glared at him fiercely. "Michael, are you doing this on purpose? Emilio was right. Our marriage has been in trouble for a long time, and we're about to get officially divorced. We can never go back to the way things were. Why won't you let me go?"

On one hand, she was angry at Michael for repeatedly appearing in front of her, and on the other hand, she hated herself for not being resolute.

Why did she sleep with him last night just because of one sentence? Now he was using it as a point of pride.

Every word Isabella said was like pouring cold water on Michael, turning the burning passion in his heart into ice.

From dealing with Bianca's family to voluntarily guarding Harper, and even her concerned look at his wound last night, all made him believe that she still had feelings for him, and he thought this marriage could be saved.

He had lowered his stance and thought through many things. He wanted to live a good life with her and not go through a divorce battle.

However, Isabella had slept with him last night, holding his waist and calling him intimately, was now out on a date with Emilio, enjoying the candlelight dinner that even he hadn't had.

And just because of Emilio's words, she could bring up divorce again. Didn't she think that he would be hurt too?

All in all, he no longer had any place in her heart. That was why she used divorce as a weapon to get rid of him.

But he wasn't willing to accept it. As long as he was around, Isabella could forget about getting close to any other man.

Michael's eyes turned red with anger, and he let go of her. "I just can't stand seeing another man by your side. Is that reason enough?" 

His face was extremely dark, and he suppressed his inner rage. "Isabella, weren't we close enough or happy enough last night? Why did you still go to see Emilio behind my back? And now, just because I showed up here, you're angry and want to talk about divorce. Can't I even ask you a question?"

Isabella was momentarily speechless. Why did she hear a tone of grievance in Michael's voice? What did he have to be aggrieved about?

She and Emilio were just having a meal, but he came in with a barrage of questions and threats. She didn't even know it was a blind date.

But why couldn't she say anything in response to Michael's accusations?

The meal was her idea, the location was arranged by Atticus, and she was the only one kept in the dark.

If Michael hadn't shown up, she might not have known that her uncles had planned this to such an extent.

But what could she explain? That it was all her uncles' idea and had nothing to do with her? Or that she didn't come willingly?

She had lied to Michael on the phone, and Emilio and her uncles had lied to her.

She couldn't explain it, and Michael wouldn't believe it. All that was left between them was silence.

But Michael thought she still wanted to divorce him.

He could no longer control his anger and didn't want to argue with her anymore. He got up, leaving Isabella alone at the table.

The couple's meal in front of her, the fruit, and the ice cream no longer appealed to her.

Her mood had hit rock bottom because of Michael's departure.

All she wanted now was to find a lively place to escape this feeling, and the best way was to talk to someone. But she could only think of Olivia.

On the other end of the phone, Olivia's voice seemed busy. Isabella asked, "Olivia, are you free to come out?"

She thought Olivia would refuse, but to her surprise, she replied, "Of course, I'm free. Nothing is more important than you. I'm almost done here. What's up?"

Isabella bit her lip and took a deep breath. "Join me for a drink. I'll be at Starlit Tavern waiting for you."

###chapter 147 Are you going to have his baby?

Half an hour later, in the best private room of the Starlit Tavern, when Olivia pushed the door open, she saw a large glass of juice and milk next to Isabella and wondered if this was some new trend.

But when she saw the rows of real alcohol in front of her, she finally believed that what Isabella had in her hand was real.

"Isabella, are you kidding me? Coming to a bar to drink milk and juice? Are you trying to get sleepier the more you drink?" Olivia felt helpless, wondering if this was the carefree Isabella she knew.

But from what she knew about Isabella, there was only Michael who could make her feel this miserable.

She dropped her expensive purse, walked over to Isabella, sat down, and wrapped her arm around her, asking, "Tell me, is that bad man Michael giving you trouble again? I'll find someone to teach him a lesson"

In Olivia's memory, there was almost nothing that could bring Isabella to a bar without drinking.

But now Isabella was drinking juice and milk right in front of her. Olivia didn't even know when bars started offering this service. Could it be that Isabella brought these herself?

Hearing her words,Isabella finally spoke up, "Really? What if I told you I had his child, what would you do?"

"A child!" Olivia jumped up in shock, staring at Isabella's belly. "You're not saying you already have Michael's child in your belly, are you?"

'Isn't Isabella planning to divorce Michael? How does she suddenly have his baby? This is too shocking,' Olivia thought to herself, and decided to drink to calm down.

Olivia shakily opened a bottle of wine, but before she could take a sip, Isabella said calmly, "You know I've always wanted to have a child with him, and it's also my grandpa's greatest wish."

Mentioning Daniel, Isabella felt unusually helpless.

She had always been closely monitoring Daniel's condition through the doctors. As his most valued heiress, she didn't want Daniel to have any regrets.

Since what Daniel wanted was a child, she had no reason not to fulfill that wish.

Currently, the only person around her who met this condition was Michael.

As long as they were still married, the child still knew who his father was.

Moreover, having Michael's child had long become an unshakable obsession in her heart during these three years of marriage.

Olivia put the wine back down, pursed her lips, and gathered her thoughts before speaking, "But Isabella, that's not a reason for you to have his child! You're about to get divorced. If you have a child, things will get complicated, and you and he will be entangled forever."

Olivia didn't think this matter was simple, especially since the child's father was Michael. If the child was born, Isabella would never escape his grasp for the rest of her life.

With Michael's crazy behavior, if he used the child to threaten Isabella, how could she ever start a new life? This was simply a nightmare.

She couldn't just watch Isabella walk into a trap, especially not for the second time.

"No, it won't happen!" Isabella reassured Olivia, "Don't worry, we will get divorced. Besides, it's just having a child. At worst, I'll keep it a secret from Michael from the start. As long as he doesn't know, the child will be mine alone. Besides, with the Wilson family's status and influence, it's possible to hide a child."

Olivia thought for a moment and nodded. "You're right. But have you thought about what happens when the child asks for their father in the future? And raising a child alone will be very hard."

Olivia had seen too many single mothers in the entertainment industry. Even with three or four nannies, their mother still took the brunt of it..

That kind of exhaustion was extreme, and she didn't want Isabella to go through that pain.

But Isabella had already made up her mind. "I can't think more about that right now. My grandfather's health won't hold out much longer. I want to fulfill his greatest wish soon."

If it weren't for Daniel, she wouldn't have had such a wonderful childhood and life.

She really didn't want Daniel to die with regrets. Otherwise, she would hate herself for the rest of her life if that happened.

Sensing Isabella's determination, Olivia also came around.

Since she was going to have a child, who cared who the father was? At least Michael had a good-looking face, so their child would definitely be good-looking.

Thinking about the child's cute little face, Olivia got excited. "Just so you know, when the child is born, I get to hold them first and be their godmother. Although Michael is useless, with you as a capable mom and me as a beautiful and wise godmother, how could we not raise an excellent child?"

The more Olivia talked, the more she felt she was full of virtues, almost wanting Isabella to have the child so she could take them and raise them herself.

Isabella was successfully amused by her self-praise. "Alright, as you say, As soon as the child is born, they'll recognize you as their godmother."

She knew Olivia was thinking for her benefit. After all, Michael's influence in Evergreen City was not to be underestimated.

After saying all this, Olivia suddenly thought of something. "By the way, you haven't divorced Michael yet. If you really have a child, not just Michael, but even Mr. Aiden Brown won't let you go, right? At that time, won't they fight us for the child?"

Mentioning Aiden, Isabella felt somewhat guilty.

And Michael would never let his child be left out, so she had already thought of a plan.

The child was hers, and she didn't plan to tell Michael.

Even if she got pregnant, it would be after their divorce.

If he really suspected something, she would leave before he found out.

She would go to a place where he could never find her and live quietly with the child.

But she couldn't tell Olivia this. Not only would she worry, but if she told her uncles, her plan would be ruined.

"I've got it all arranged, don't worry." Isabella quickly changed the subject. "Olivia, I sent you an invitation for my birthday a few days ago. Why didn't you come?"

Hearing this question, Olivia immediately showed a guilty and apologetic expression.

She completely forgot about the previous topic. "Isabella, I'm sorry, you have to forgive me. It's all my agent's fault. She signed me up for a commercial shoot, and I had to attend the event. Otherwise, it would be disrespectful to the brand. By the time it was over, the investors insisted on dragging me to a dinner party. By the time I got there, your birthday party was already over. I was so anxious I cried at the hotel entrance."

###chapter 148 Good Friends

Isabella didn't doubt at all that Olivia really went to the hotel to find her.

But she also knew very well Olivia's urgent desire to enter the film industry, and naturally, she would seize any opportunity that came her way.

"I understand, how can you not grab the opportunity when it comes?" Isabella had no intention of blaming her.

The two had known each other for over a decade, long past the stage of maintaining their relationship with superficial gestures.

They both had the kind of personality that, once they committed to their careers, they wanted to do their best.

If Olivia had a good opportunity, Isabella would be happy for her. "I heard you were busy on the phone earlier, are you on set? Will it affect you if you go back late?"

After expressing her thoughts, Isabella felt much more at ease.

Olivia was currently filming, and it was okay to take a break, but if she delayed Olivia's work because of her, Isabella would feel guilty.

"It's fine, I filmed a lot today, and I don't have any scenes tomorrow, so I can take this chance to relax." When Olivia mentioned life on set, she had a lot to share with Isabella. "Isabella, I used to think making movies was really cool, but once I got on set, I realized it's not the same thing. The days are so tough, I can't sleep well, eat well, or even take a proper shower."

The more Olivia spoke, the more aggrieved she felt, hugging Isabella and almost crying. "Isabella, can I stay with you for a day? I want to sleep with you, I don't want my agent watching over me every day."

She had finally seized the chance to escape for a day, and staying out for one more night was a bonus.

She didn't know if her agent was crazy, waking her up at 4 AM every day to highlight her dedication and seriousness as a newcomer. She had to memorize her script and her co-stars' scripts as well.

It was said this would help her adapt to the environment and the industry better and faster.

She understood the reasoning, but she really couldn't get up.

Isabella could see that she wanted to slack off, and if she went back to her place, her agent would definitely catch her. She wanted to hide at Isabella's for a night.

Isabella smiled. "No problem, I'll take you to a place where no one can find you."

Olivia's eyes lit up. "Where?"

Isabella raised an eyebrow mysteriously, telling Olivia to follow her, and she would know when they got there.

She had just had a fight with Michael, and her dinner with Emilio had ended unpleasantly.

No doubt, her uncles at Garden Villa would be looking for her to ask about it.

But they all forgot that she had a seaside villa, which was a birthday gift from Atticus.

She had been busy with work and hadn't had a chance to see what the house was like.

Taking this opportunity, she decided to take Olivia to check it out.

The villa was by the sea, detached and quiet, the perfect place for good friends.

On the way, they bought some snacks and arrived at Whispering Pines Estates.

The villa area was very quiet at night, and the car arrived at the parking spot in front of the villa.

Isabella took out the key and opened the door. As soon as she turned on the living room lights, the luxurious and tasteful decor came into view.

The villa was fully equipped; every detail showed the owner's care and perfection, and the living room connected to an outdoor balcony.

The balcony had a wooden table for coffee and enjoying the view, and her favorite swing.

It was clear how thoughtful Atticus was when he gave her this villa.

Atticus hadn't been back in the country for long, yet everything here was so well-prepared.

Isabella couldn't imagine when he had started secretly preparing it.

Even Olivia, who came from a wealthy family, was shocked by the furnishings in the house. "Isabella, when did you buy a house in Whispering Pines Estates? The houses here aren't just about having money. I heard that most of the residents here are important political figures. My dad wanted to buy one before but couldn't even get close."

Isabella had no choice but to tell the truth, "I didn't buy it, Uncle Atticus gave it to me as a birthday gift."

"Mr. Wilson, no wonder." Olivia's eyes flickered but quickly returned to normal.

Olivia knew how much the five Wilsons' sons doted on Isabella, especially Atticus, so it made sense for him to give her a house.

But Atticus was quite capable, getting a house in Whispering Pines Estates just like that.

Isabella put the snacks in the living room and told Olivia to make herself at home.

She went to the balcony, sat on the swing, took a selfie, and sent it to Atticus.

Isabella: [The house is perfect, thank you for your thoughtfulness, Uncle Atticus.]

Then, it was time for the two to chat in the living room.

When they were kids, they often did this, lying in bed at night, talking about everything around them.

But as they grew up, they no longer had such opportunities.

Finally meeting again, they had a lot to say, like Isabella's marriage, and Olivia's career, which had undergone changes recently.

Isabella took a sip of freshly opened juice and spoke first.

Isabella took a sip of freshly opened juice and spoke first, "Olivia, I'm even planning to have a baby, what's going on with you? It's been so long, is there no progress? Are you secretly in date?"

As her best friend, Isabella was worried Olivia might get deceived in the entertainment industry, but she also felt Olivia was too lonely being alone for so long.

When Olivia had something on her mind, she had no one to confide in.

Isabella's words were unintentional, but Olivia felt touched.

Olivia opened a can of dark beer, took a big gulp, and said helplessly, "I've always wanted to tell you, there's someone in my heart. I've liked him for a long time. If it weren't for him, I wouldn't have waited so long to enter the film industry. I just thought that if I made movies, there would definitely be intimate scenes. Afraid that he would mind if he saw them, so I delayed it."

So when her agent took a commercial film for her career development, her feelings were complicated.

On one hand, she didn't want him to see her breaking the principles she had held for so long.

On the other hand, she knew her agent was doing it for her own good.

She was at the best age now, and if she didn't give it a shot, it would be too late in a few years.

She had argued with her agent for a long time, but in the end, she had to bow to reality and her future.

Maybe he never had her in his heart. Her persistence for so long might just be a joke.

Hearing that Olivia had someone she had liked for years, Isabella was shocked.

In her impression, Olivia had always been a cheerful, carefree girl. She didn't expect Olivia to hide her feelings so deeply.

"What kind of person is he? Have you been together?" Isabella thought she should understand the situation so she could help Olivia.

After all, her marriage didn't have a good outcome, and she didn't want Olivia to go through the same thing.

###chapter 149 Secret Crush for Many Years

Olivia shook her head after hearing this. "No, he just said we had no chance and left."

After saying that, she lowered her head with a bitter smile. "Yeah, besides the fact that our families wouldn't agree, the hope of us being together is almost impossible. How could a man like him ever like a little girl like me?"

Isabella frowned, catching the key point in Olivia's words. "How old is he?"

"He's thirteen years older than me." Olivia bit her lip.

This was also why she didn't want to talk about it with others. As soon as they heard about the age difference, they would immediately advise her to give up.

But she didn't want to let go. She loved him, which had nothing to do with age.

Nowadays, even same-sex love was accepted, so why couldn't he be a bit more flexible?

Isabella understood everything upon hearing this.

She understood that Olivia fell in love with the mature and charming soul of that man, but reality was also right in front of them. "Olivia, listen to me, thirteen years is not a small number. There's even a generational gap between you two. Not to mention anything else, just standing together, if people mistake you for father and daughter, can you really accept that?"

Their age gap was too big, and perhaps that man didn't want to hurt her.

But she truly admired Olivia's courage, who falling for a man so much older than her was already something not looked upon favorably, yet she bravely confessed her feelings, and even put her career on hold for several years for him.

Olivia's all-or-nothing courage was not something an ordinary person could do.

"I know, how could I not know what he's thinking." Olivia took a swig of her drink, unable to hold back her emotions. "But Isabella, I like him so much, as long as I'm with him, I don't care about these things. Why can't he just give it a try with me? If he dares to be with me, what do other people's opinions matter? I only want him, but he doesn't want me."

Seeing Olivia's eyes redden uncontrollably, Isabella suddenly remembered three years ago when she begged Daniel to let her marry Michael.

At that time, she was also so determined.

As long as she could marry Michael, she didn't ask for anything else.

She just wanted to see him every time she opened her eyes.

She and Olivia ended up on the same path, both unable to be with the ones they loved.

Isabella sighed softly, not knowing what to say for a moment.

She wanted to advise Olivia to give up, but she had been through the same thing, so she had no right to say that.

Olivia continued, "Why can't he accept me? I don't care about the age, but he always thinks I'm still young, immature, and don't understand anything. He's past the age of fooling around and just wants to settle down. He hasn't even tried to understand me, so why does he dare to say I'm immature? Is age the standard for everything? I don't believe it. I have to show him how serious I am about this relationship. Isabella, do you think we can end up together?"

Olivia drank too much, holding onto Isabella and pouring out her grievances, finally falling asleep on the couch with red eyes.

Isabella could actually feel that Olivia was truly in love.

Otherwise, she wouldn't have stayed single for so many years.

With Olivia's looks and figure, she was never short of suitors, but once she had someone in her heart, she couldn't accept anyone else.

She took a blanket and covered Olivia, feeling indescribably sad as she saw the tears still lingering at the corners of her eyes.

A relationship that wasn't accepted was destined to end without a result, and she and Michael were a typical example.

So, she couldn't advise her anymore, because she had experienced it by herself before she could truly let go.

After tidying up the table, Isabella went to the bathroom to wash her hands and then went to the living room to move Olivia to the guest room on the first floor.

Just as she walked out of the room, she heard a click from the front door, and the door opened.

At this time, Isabella could only think of a burglar.

But this was Whispering Pines Estates, the place with the best security in Evergreen City.

Even if it was a burglar, they wouldn't be bold enough to walk through the front door.

Just in case, she grabbed a wooden stick from behind the door and quietly walked over.

The door was pushed open without warning, and Atticus' deep and familiar voice sounded. "Isabella, it's me."

Isabella was stunned, quickly putting down the stick when she saw Atticus.

She walked quickly to the entrance to greet him, "Uncle Atticus, why are you here?"

Atticus chuckled and changed into a pair of slippers. "I saw the photos you posted and knew you were here. I was worried you might be scared staying here alone, so I came to check on you."

He said he came to check, but Atticus was actually worried about her emotional state.

After all, he had orchestrated her date with Emilio tonight, and Emilio had messaged him as soon as he left.

He had originally gone to Garden Villa to wait for her, but after waiting for a long time without seeing Isabella return, he was about to drive to the Brown Villa to find her when he received a photo from Isabella showing she had moved into a new house. So he turned around and came here.

They walked to the living room, and Atticus sat on the couch while Isabella poured him a glass of water. "Uncle Atticus, you don't need to worry about me. I didn't come alone; I came with a friend."

Isabella knew Atticus always saw her as a child, no matter how old she was.

He couldn't even feel at ease with her staying here alone.

But having to trouble him to come over so late made Isabella feel a bit guilty.

"That's good." Atticus took the glass of water and nodded when he heard she was with Olivia.

But he had something else he wanted to take this opportunity to talk to her about.

Putting down the glass, Atticus' eyes became more serious. "Isabella, I want to ask your opinion on something. I don't want to discuss this in front of your other uncles. It's just the two of us here, can you sit with me for a while?"

Isabella nodded, "Sure, Uncle Atticus, whatever you want to say, just say it."

Atticus was about to speak when he suddenly pointed in the direction of the guest room. "By the way, will our voices disturb your friend?"

Olivia was a guest after all, so they should be considerate.

Isabella didn't think it was a problem. She had closed the door when she left, and Olivia was so drunk that even thunder wouldn't wake her.

Besides, there was some distance between the room and the living room.

"It's fine, Uncle Atticus. The house has good sound insulation; she can't hear the conversation," Isabella said confidently.

Atticus nodded slightly, leaned forward, interlaced his fingers on his lap, and slowly began to speak, "Isabella, I'll get straight to the point. What exactly are you thinking about your relationship with Michael?"

###chapter 150 Deep Love

Isabella was mentally prepared for this, but Atticus' words still left her silent for a moment.

"You must be clear about my thoughts. Your uncles and I have asked for Emilio's opinion. In terms of family and personal ability, and his affection for you, he is undoubtedly the most suitable for you. But we all know your temperament. If you don't want something, forcing it won't bring any results. So, I want to know your true thoughts," Atticus spoke very tactfully and calmly.

He had watched Isabella grow up and hoped she would live well and be happy, but he didn't want to force her to follow his ideas in everything.

Isabella replied, "Uncle Atticus, I know you all mean well, but I really just see Emilio as a friend."

"What about Michael? Do you still have feelings for him?" Atticus asked directly, who had sensed something was wrong that time at the Brown Group.

"Yes," Isabella answered honestly, "Uncle Atticus, I admit that I really can't start a new relationship right now. I've loved Michael for so many years and waited for so long. It's impossible to just stop loving him right away."

Isabella had no intention of hiding anything from Atticus.

She didn't want to pretend in front of her family; it was too exhausting.

Hearing her answer, Atticus' eyes darkened for a moment.

Isabella continued, "You know the situation with Grandpa. His biggest wish is for me to have a child with Michael. I don't want him to have any regrets, and this is also my obsession. So, I've made up my mind. I will have a child with Michael. As for everything else, maybe once the child is born, everything will have a result."

If she could let go of him by then, leaving might be the best choice.

But she couldn't let Atticus know that, knowing he wouldn't agree.

Atticus was silent for a moment, then looked up with clear eyes. "I understand, Isabella. I respect your choice."

Atticus took a deep breath, suppressing the helplessness in his heart. "Isabella, I saw you brought some wine earlier. Give me some to drink."

He felt bitter inside and just wanted to drink a little to vent his emotions.

Isabella handed Atticus the two cans of beer that Olivia had left earlier. She was currently trying to conceive and couldn't drink, but she she could accompany Atticus.

Atticus drank half a can in one go, the cold liquid soothing his tense brow a bit.

Hearing Isabella's answer, his feelings were incredibly complex.

He felt sorry for Isabella.

He felt sorry for Isabella; he didn't want her to go through the same experience as Grace, but he was powerless to stop her unhappy marriage.

Grace had been the most beloved in the family. Daniel was strict with the five of them, but he doted on Grace, granting her every wish.

Grace was supposed to study abroad after graduating from college, but everything changed when she met Indigo.

Under Indigo's deceit, Grace stopped believing anything her family said. She even threatened Daniel with her life to marry him.

In the end, Grace sneaked away one night and was never found again.

No one expected that the usually sweet and obedient Grace would be so determined for so-called love, even breaking ties with her family.

When they finally found Grace in Evergreen City, she was already in the hospital, covered with a white sheet, lifeless.

Kneeling beside Grace was a thin and small Isabella, whose face was almost fleshless, her clothes ill-fitting, and her hands frostbitten.

Daniel was greatly affected by this, and his health began to deteriorate from then on.

So when Isabella cried and begged to marry Michael, Daniel was afraid the tragedy would repeat.

Daniel didn't say a harsh word, only asked if she had thought it through, and handed over the marriage contract.

In order to get Michael to agree to marry Isabella, he used all his influence to pressure the Brown Group, just to fulfill her wish.

But looking at Isabella now, Atticus seemed to understand something.

Unless she let go of Michael herself, no matter what he and her other uncles did, no matter how many people they pushed in front of her, it would be useless.

The two cans of beer were quickly finished. Atticus frowned and took a bottle of red wine from the cabinet, pouring it into a wine glass.

As the alcohol took effect, Atticus finally spoke his mind, "Isabella, tell me, is your attachment to Michael really hard to let go, or is it influenced by years of unwillingness? If it's just unwillingness to divorce him, I have countless ways to deal with him."

In the end, he still wanted Isabella to leave Michael.

She had suffered enough in the past three years with Michael.

He didn't want her to trap herself in a fruitless relationship, wasting her youth.

"Atticus, I'm not unwilling. Please don't interfere in our matters, okay?" Isabella bit her lip, her tone filled with suppressed guilt.

Knowing what Atticus desired to hear, she nevertheless found herself unable to betray her own wishes, for such an act would constitute a deception against both him and herself.

"Three years ago, I married Michael against all odds because I loved him. Now, I choose to divorce because I see clearly that he never loved me." Isabella added

So, she couldn't control her feelings. Even knowing he didn't love her, she would still be moved by his closeness.

Atticus closed his eyes. "Isabella, you know he doesn't love you. You should have withdrawn earlier. Don't sink any deeper. I really don't want to see you suffer like your mom."

Even an outsider like him could see it clearly, that Isabella still deeply loved Michael.

If it weren't for love, why would Isabella willingly carry Michael's child?

"Uncle Atticus, don't worry. I know what I'm doing. I won't let myself fall into that situation. If it really comes to that, I will leave without hesitation." She understood Atticus and the others' good intentions.

As the CEO of the Wilson Group, she had humbled herself for an unloving Michael, even using a child to test the authenticity of their relationship. She was indeed crazy.

Even knowing his change towards her was mixed with interests and other factors, she still wanted to stay by his side.

In the late-night living room, the two sat facing each other.

Isabella held a cup of hot tea, while Atticus picked up his wine glass and drank.

Knowing he couldn't persuade Isabella, he still came with a glimmer of hope, but the result remained unchanged.

Atticus didn't know what else to do but drink.

Seeing the bottle of red wine almost empty, Isabella stood up to stop Atticus from drinking more.

###chapter 151 Taking the Initiative

"Stop drinking, Uncle Atticus, you've had too much," Isabella said.

Atticus shook his head at her. "I'm fine, this little bit of alcohol is nothing. It's late, Isabella, go to sleep. I'm not leaving tonight."

Isabella frowned, but Atticus was an elder and had watched her grow up.

His usual authority made even her feel it was not to be challenged, so he didn't dare to interfere.

At times like this, she wished her uncles had a considerate girlfriend to persuade them, and help Atticus with his drinking habit.

But in the end, all she could do was urge him to sleep early, then she went upstairs.

Atticus had drunk too much. Seeing a blanket on the couch, he decided to sleep there and leave early the next morning.

Isabella and Olivia were both girls, and he was worried.

In the middle of the night, Olivia got up to get some water. She turned on the light and walked unsteadily towards the living room.

The light woke up Atticus, who was lying on the couch.

He had just fallen asleep and squinted at the slender figure getting water, thinking it was Isabella.

Remembering he had drunk too much, he hoarsely spoke, "I want a glass of water too."

Atticus' deep and powerful voice echoed in the quiet living room, almost making Olivia drop the glass in fright.

But thinking of Isabella upstairs, she swallowed and mustered the courage to turn around.

In the light, Atticus' tall and strong figure lay on the couch.

Atticus' features were deep and sharp, his appearance handsome and stern. Even lying there, he exuded an aura of unapproachability.

His custom-made suit was casually open, and the top buttons of his white shirt were undone.

The sexy lines extended from his Adam's apple to his collarbone.

This was a side of him Olivia had never seen.

In her impression, Atticus was rigid, serious, and even when she confessed to him, he meticulously analyzed the pros and cons.

This house was a gift from him to Isabella. Olivia had fantasized about encountering him here, but seeing him in person made her heart race.

She had known she loved Atticus since her teenage years, but she waited until she was an adult to confess.

The result was obvious; he didn't even take it seriously and rejected her.

She didn't dare tell Isabella the truth, that she had fallen in love with Atticus. She feared that revealing it would end their friendship.

"Water." Atticus' low call brought Olivia back to reality.

She hurriedly got up to pour another glass of water, squatted beside him, and held the glass to his lips.

The cool water flowed into his mouth, and Atticus drank it all in one go.

Just as he was about to tell Isabella to go back and not worry about him, he heard a gentle, caring voice. "Are you still thirsty?"

Atticus felt the voice was different from Isabella's, but his mind was too foggy to think, so he shook his head. "No."

Then he put his hand on his forehead and closed his eyes to sleep.

Olivia watched the scene, gripping the glass tightly to suppress her excitement.

Atticus was right in front of her, but she had never seen him drunk and unguarded like this before.

If she missed this chance, she might never have another opportunity to touch him.

She loved him madly; even if she couldn't have his heart, she was willing to have his body.

Just once, she was willing to pay any price to have him.

Fueled by alcohol and late-night impulse, Olivia gently put down the glass, her hands trembling as she reached for Atticus on the couch.

She undid his shirt while he slept, seeing his body for the first time.

He was a former soldier, with no excess fat, and his eight-pack abs were clearly visible.

At thirty-eight, Atticus was in the prime of his life, mature, charming, and possessing a steadiness and self-control that others lacked.

The thought of his future wife being someone else pained her.

If she could, she wanted to create the best memories between them.

She leaned in to kiss those lips she had longed for.

The next second, Atticus' eyes opened, and his large hand stopped her. "Olivia!"

The alcohol still in his system, Atticus' voice was thick and hoarse, but the anger on his face was unmistakable.

Olivia was startled. She hadn't expected Atticus to wake up at this moment.

She had planned to make love to him, then pretend it was a drunken mistake, even if it was just a one-night stand.

But she hadn't achieved anything yet when Atticus woke up.

Olivia was too nervous to speak, and Atticus didn't give her a chance to argue, flipping her onto her back. "What are you doing?"

If it were someone else lying here, would she also undress them and offer herself?

She was a heiress of the Smith Family, didn't she know how to cherish herself?

Seeing she had no intention of explaining, Atticus was even angrier at her indifferent attitude.

Atticus coldly released her, got up to leave.

"Don't go." Seeing him about to leave her again, Olivia panicked, grabbing his collar and pressing her lips to his.

She wanted to kiss him, to have sex with him; she didn't want to wait foolishly any longer.

She didn't believe that with her looks and figure, Atticus would still refuse. But Olivia underestimated his self-control.

Atticus dodged, but not completely.

Olivia's lips brushed his mouth corner, a light touch like a feather, quickly pushed away by him.

Atticus's large hand pushed her away, his voice deep and cold. "Enough, Olivia, you're only making me more disappointed in you!"

His eyes were as cold as ice under the light, freezing Olivia in place.

"Atticus, you're too much, you only bully me." Years of suppressed emotions broke out, and Olivia ran back to her room crying.

She shut the door, buried herself in the covers, and cried loudly.

How could he say that to her? What had she done wrong? He didn't like her pestering, so she learned to be sensible and not bother him. But he left for years without a word.

Now she didn't ask to stay by his side, just to make love and create memories. Yet he pushed her away and looked at her with such disgust.

She felt heartbroken thinking he was just taking advantage of her love to bully her.

'Atticus, you old man, I don't want you anymore!' Olivia thought to herself.

###chapter 152 Would You Like to Ride in My Car?

In the living room, Atticus was no longer sleepy, sitting on the couch with a headache.

The soft touch Olivia left on the corner of his mouth still lingered.

He seemed to have been too harsh just now, which scared her to tears.

But thinking about her motives and boldness, he couldn't help but frown deeply.

She was getting crazier by the day; she didn't care about her own identity at all. How old was she to dare to throw herself at a man? What if it was someone else?

But what surprised him even more was that Olivia, who had been entangled with him for years, turned out to be Isabella's good friend.

The next morning, when Isabella came downstairs, she didn't see Atticus and thought he had left.

She had just walked into the kitchen to make some breakfast when she saw Atticus coming in from outside, still in the same clothes, but it was clear he had been out for a morning run.

"Isabella, morning."

"Morning, Uncle Atticus. Breakfast will be ready soon. Go freshen up first."

Atticus responded with a hum and went to the bathroom.

He had designed the layout of this villa himself, so he knew the layout better than anyone.

At this moment, Olivia also came out of the guest room.

Her eyes instinctively glanced at the couch, noticing that Atticus was gone, feeling a mix of disappointment and discomfort.

Isabella was stunned when she saw Olivia. Her eyes were red and swollen, as if she had been crying all night.

"Olivia, how are you going to shoot like this?" Isabella felt both heartache and helplessness. "Why don't you tell your agent and take another day off to rest?"

Olivia shook her head directly. "If I dare to take a day off at this critical time, Kaylee will kill me. She's like a working mashine , never resting herself and not letting others rest either. When I finish this movie, I'll definitely ask the company to replace her. She values money over life."

Isabella smiled helplessly.

Kaylee Porter was Olivia's agent, who had been with Olivia since her debut, and it could be said that half of Olivia's fame was due to Kaylee's planning.

Olivia couldn't bear to replace Kaylee. She was just venting, but in reality, she relied on Kaylee more than anyone.

"Alright, stop throwing a tantrum. Every time you go to a night shoot, it's Kaylee who helps you. She's been the one who has always tolerated and cared for you all these years. If you're really not feeling well, just tell Kaylee. She won't force you," Isabella spoke seriously, who could see that Olivia's health was really not good.

If Olivia went to the set in this state, she might be in the headlines within three minutes.

"I know, I know clearly my health." Olivia's voice lowered. "I'll leave after breakfast."

She didn't want to stay in a house with Atticus' shadow. Thinking about last night's scene made her want to cry.

Just as she thought about Atticus,  he came out of the bathroom, his voice warm and strong. "Isabella, I know this place well. Let me handle breakfast."

Hearing his voice, Olivia froze completely.

"No need, Uncle Atticus. I heated some milk and made sandwiches. Just have something simple," As she spoke, the appliance beeped.

Isabella turned to get it, divided the food into three portions, and brought them to the table, pouring milk for everyone.

As an actress, Olivia had to maintain her weight, so there were some foods she couldn't touch, only eating low-calorie foods.

Isabella thought Atticus might mind, but he picked up a sandwich and started eating.

Seeing that, Isabella breathed a sigh of relief.

Little did she know, Atticus' attention was entirely on Olivia, whose eyes were swollen across the table.

Olivia was already extremely nervous. When she noticed Atticus staring at her, she didn't know where to put her hands. She grabbed her cup and took small sips of milk.

Seeing this, Isabella thought Atticus was curious about Olivia's identity, so she introduced them, "Olivia, this is my uncle, Atticus. Uncle Atticus, Olivia is my best friend."

"Okay," The two spoke in unison, unexpectedly in sync.

Olivia's face turned blush as expected, and she didn't dare to lift her head.

After breakfast, Atticus was about to leave, who had things to do and couldn't stay.

Isabella suddenly remembered that his direction was the same as Olivia's, so she spoke up, "Uncle Atticus, Olivia didn't drive here, and she's in a hurry to get to the set. I don't know the way. Can you take her for me?"

Not only was Atticus stunned, but Olivia, who was eating with her head down, was also shocked.

She looked up sharply, meeting Atticus' hesitant gaze.

"Would you like to ride in my car?" If it were before, he could understand Olivia's thoughts, but after last night, he didn't dare to guess.

Olivia swallowed the last sip of milk and stood up. "Yes"

Her voice was so loud that it startled Isabella.

Since Isabella suggested it, Atticus couldn't refuse. He nodded and walked out the door first.

Behind him, Olivia quickly grabbed her purse from the room and waved to Isabella. "Isabella, I'm leaving. Call me if you need anything."

Isabella watched Olivia, who was suddenly full of energy, thinking she had forgotten about last night.

She replied, "Okay."

Outside the door, a black Maybach was parked by the roadside.

Without thinking, Olivia opened the passenger door and got in before Atticus could speak.

She fastened her seatbelt, and the car sped away.

Neither of them spoke along the way, and the silence was somewhat eerie.

Seeing Atticus, whom she loved deeply, sitting beside her, Olivia couldn't help but think of last night's scene, which she had unbuttoned his shirt and touched his abs.

Just as she was fantasizing about the next step, a cold voice broke the silence in the car. "I can pretend you were drunk last night and that nothing happened."

Olivia was still young and could forget about this and start a new relationship.

And Atticus, being old enough to be her elder, shouldn't let her continue down the wrong path.

But Olivia didn't think so. She had finally made some progress with him. Why should she forget just because he said so?

She wasn't a robot. How could she delete things from her mind just like that?

Besides, she could savor that kiss for a long time.

She was furious and turned to ask him angrily. "Atticus, why are you so heartless?"

Atticus was focused on driving. Hearing her question, he knew she was angry. His eyes twitched slightly, and he gave an answer that didn't match his identity. "Yes."

Olivia didn't expect him to be so shameless, her face turning blush with anger. "No wonder you're so cold, no matter how much warmth you get. You deserve to be single."

###chapter 153 I Don't Believe You Have No Feelings for Me

"How do you know I don't?" Atticus' tone was indifferent.

Olivia's heart tightened, her face turning pale. "So, you already have a girlfriend?"

'Of course, how could such an excellent and charming man not have women around him?' She thought to herself.

Atticus didn't want her to look down on him, but seeing Olivia's discomfort, he felt an inexplicable irritation. "I'm just teasing you. I have no such plans at the moment."

"Really?" Olivia was about to be overwhelmed by her emotional roller coaster.

She couldn't bear the thought of another woman lying beside him, having sex with him. Just thinking about it drove her crazy.

"Yes." Atticus' response was still cold, but Olivia believed him, knowing he wouldn't bother to hide such things from her.

The car soon arrived outside the filming location, and Atticus parked at the entrance. "Get out."

Reluctantly, Olivia began to unbuckle her seatbelt, dragging her feet as she hesitated to open the car door.

She had finally gotten a little alone time with him, and now they were parting. Who knew when she would see him again? She didn't want to leave just like that.

His casual response earlier had made her even more certain of her feelings to him.

She liked him to the point of no return, so much so that she couldn't forget him all these years, nor could she start a new relationship.

Just as Atticus was about to get out and see her off, Olivia suddenly straddled him, pinning him to the seat.

In the limited space of the car, any movement she made would rub against his private parts.

And she was completely unaware, wriggling on top of him. "Atticus, what's done is done. Why can't you just agree to be with me?"

Olivia's domineering words shocked Atticus.

But before he could say anything, Olivia cupped his face and kissed him hard.

The car was still running, and the steering wheel was right in front. Atticus didn't dare push Olivia away for fear of hurting her or alarming passersby, so he could only let her have her way with him.

Her hot lips felt like they were electrifying him, and the moment they touched, Atticus lost all his strength.

He gazed deeply at Olivia, whose face was flushed but who was bold to the point of recklessness.

The deeper Olivia kissed, the more she teased him with her tongue when he didn't respond.

She kept doing it until Atticus couldn't help but suck on her tongue, hard.

Olivia's tongue went numb from his sucking, and a soft moan escaped her lips.

That sound seemed to bring Atticus back to his senses. He wanted to stop this madness, but Olivia sensed it and held him tightly.

As she moved, she accidentally brushed against a hot, hard object.

The strange sensation grew under her buttocks until she clearly felt its size, making her blush.

Her body felt like it was on fire, burning intensely.

But she wouldn't allow herself to give up halfway. Biting her lip, she kissed him again.

This time, Atticus' large hands pressed her against him, as if he wanted to merge her into his body. He kissed her back fiercely, taking control.

Olivia went from being the initiator to being forced to endure his relentless demands.

Passersby continued to walk by outside, while the atmosphere inside the car grew increasingly heated.

Atticus' hand slipped from her waist, moving upward toward her breast.

His kisses were so intense that Olivia couldn't help but moan. Eventually, she couldn't fight the feeling of suffocation and let go of him.

But she didn't leave immediately. Instead, she gazed at him with her now passionate, wet eyes.

She lifted her hips slightly, deliberately rubbing against his legs, which was blatant seduction that was even worse than her behavior the night before.

As a normal man, Atticus couldn't be unaffected by her actions, but his years of military training told him he couldn't continue.

He had already made a mistake in his impulsiveness; now he had to stop.

"Olivia, do you know what you're doing? Get off!" Atticus' body was tense, his brow furrowed, and his tone was icy and emotionless.

But Olivia had already lowered her pride to this extent; she wouldn't be scared off by a few words.

The more he wanted her to leave, the more she refused to go.

If it weren't for waiting for him, she wouldn't have stayed single until now.

"No! Atticus, is it so hard to tell the truth? You have feelings for me too, don't you?" From that kiss, she was sure Atticus wasn't as indifferent as he appeared.

He had not only responded to her but had also touched her body.

If it weren't for the wrong place, he would have lost control and pinned her down.

She didn't believe he could be so out of control without feeling anything for her.

"No!" Atticus firmly denied it, his face stern. "I've told you, our age difference makes it impossible. And I'm a normal man; anyone sitting on me like this would get a reaction, understand? I've fulfilled Isabella's request. Get out."

The car, which had been filled with passion moments ago, now felt cold.

Olivia couldn't believe Atticus could be so cold-blooded.

One moment he was kissing her deeply, the next he was turning against her.

She clearly felt that he had felt the same way she did; he had a strong physical reaction to her.

If he didn't like her even a little, how could he have held her so tightly and kissed her?

Olivia even felt a bit of joy, realizing her years of secret love weren't one-sided after all.

So, until Atticus gave her a direct answer, she wouldn't get out of the car.

Her wriggling body was driving Atticus crazy. He lifted her and placed her back in the passenger seat.

He told her very seriously, "Olivia, I'll say this one last time. I'm thirteen years older than you. To me, you're no different from Isabella. I won't have any extra thoughts about you. I didn't make it clear before because I thought you were just a child, but now you must know there's absolutely no possibility between us. I won't marry a woman so much younger than me. Understand?"

###chapter 154 In the Name of Nolan

All these years, he never really had the heart to speak harshly to Olivia, always treating her like a child.

He thought that once she grew up and experienced different people and emotions, she would come to her senses.

But now it was different; she was already an adult. If she continued to act impulsively, it could lead to irreversible consequences.

In the end, the only one who would get hurt would be her.

He had been through far more than she had, and the two of them were destined never to be together. He didn't want her to remain so obsessed.

"A child?" Olivia let out a cold laugh, her eyes welling up with tears again. "Atticus, I never thought that you could suffere so much in the military, you would turn out to be a complete coward when it comes to your own feelings. You say I'm a child, so why do you have feelings for me? Why does your body react to me?"

She lowered her head with a bitter smile. "You don't need to explain; I understand. You just look down on me, think I'm immature, unworthy of being your wife, and even make you feel embarrassed. "

"Don't worry, I won't bother you anymore!" Olivia held back her tears.

She had her pride too; there was no reason to make herself suffer.

Since he didn't want her even when she offered herself, why should she humiliate herself further?

Olivia couldn't bear it any longer. She got up, slammed the door, and ran away.

In the car, Atticus' shoulders slumped, and the aura of authority around him dissipated significantly.

He knew how much his words had hurt Olivia just now. But he had to do it, knowing he couldn't give Olivia any promises, he shouldn't give her hope either.

This way, after her heartbreak, she might start a new relationship, and he wouldn't be troubled anymore.

It was supposed to be the end of a problem, but somehow, Atticus felt a vague discomfort instead of relief.

However, he didn't dwell on it, thinking it was best to stay away from her for both their sakes.

In the Whispering Pines Estates, Isabella was tidying up the table and was about to go upstairs for a nap when she received a call from Aiden. "Isabella, why haven't you come back these past few days? I miss you."

Isabella had deep feelings for Aiden, and upon hearing this, she quickly said, "Grandpa, I miss you too. I'll find some time to visit you in the next couple of days, okay?"

Hearing that Isabella was coming, Aiden replied with a smile, "Do you have time today? Nolan is back, and I was thinking of having you over for a family dinner. Can you make it?"

Mentioning Nolan, Isabella suddenly remembered the matter at Evergreen City University. She had been too busy to go there in the past few days.

She thought she could leave the company side of things to Emilio, and there wasn't much to do today. "Sure, Grandpa, I'll come over this noon."

She had planned to spend a quiet day at Whispering Pines Estates, but it had been a while since she visited Aiden, so she decided to take this opportunity to go.

And she had delayed her promise to Nolan about Evergreen City University for so long, it was a good chance to discuss it with him.

After hanging up, Isabella thought about how Nolan hadn't contacted her about the university matter, probably thinking she was busy and didn't want to disturb her.

Since she was the one who broke the promise first, it was best to buy a gift to express her apology.

After hanging up, Isabella changed her clothes and drove to the mall.

Meanwhile, Aiden had just put away his phone, feeling happy, when he saw Michael, who had been forced to stay home and recuperate, standing at the top of the stairs, eavesdropping on his conversation.

Michael had fallen ill after returning from the hotel where he had parted ways with Isabella the previous night.

His wounds had become infected due to the recent strain, and he had a high fever that wouldn't go down, alarming the family doctor. It took until the middle of the night to bring his fever down, leaving Aiden heartbroken.

"Michael, why are you downstairs? If you need anything, have someone bring it up to you." Aiden walked over, frowning with concern.

Michael wasn't worried about his injuries; he had just overheard Aiden saying Isabella was coming over.

"Grandpa, is Isabella coming?" Knowing she was coming, he felt an indescribable sense of bitterness.

If she saw him in this state, would she feel a bit of pity and stop talking about divorce?

"Yes, Isabella is coming." Aiden saw his pitiful look and felt both angry and helpless. "I told you to treat Isabella better before, but you wouldn't listen. Now look, you have to rely on Nolan's name to get her to come back."

Michael was still immersed in the joy of Isabella coming to see him when he suddenly froze. "What did you say, Nolan? She's coming because Nolan is home?"

"Who else?" Aiden said irritably, "With your usual cold attitude towards Isabella, it's a wonder she doesn't hate you. What more do you want?"

"If you had treated Isabella better before, she wouldn't be so heartbroken now. But don't be too upset; since she's willing to come, it means you still have a chance. Make sure you seize it, understand?" Aiden had done so much for Michael's relationship.

But at this moment, Michael's mind was blank.

Aiden's words kept echoing in his ears, but he couldn't take any of it in.

All he could think of was Isabella's smiling face when she was with Nolan. The two of them looked so perfect together, as if no one else could fit in.

Unlike him and Isabella, who always ended up arguing whenever they met.

He stumbled back upstairs, not even sure how he back room.

Lying in bed, his head throbbed, and his wounds hurt even more.

He couldn't understand why Isabella, his wife, was kinder to Nolan than to him.

At downstairs, Aiden didn't think much of Michael leaving because he had more important things to do.

He decided to host a family gathering for his grandson Nolan, who hadn't been back in years.

Though it was a family dinner, the Brown Family was large, and it had to be done properly.

Aiden, being older, valued his grandchildren immensely.

He had sent invitations to the family members, inviting them to join the celebration.

Isabella's identity had been publicly revealed at the recent birthday party, and knowing she was coming, the Brown Family relatives were all excited, waiting for her to show up.

Aiden had said it was a family dinner, so Isabella didn't dress up too much. She simply chose a short champagne-colored dress at the mall.

She tied her long hair up and applied a shiny pink lipstick, following the current youthful trend.

When her car stopped outside, she saw the person who had come to greet her.

"Nolan..." She had just opened her mouth when she was startled by the gloomy and resentful face of Michael standing next to Nolan.

###chapter 155 Have You Said Enough?

She didn't expected Michael was at home too. But in the blink of an eye, Isabella realized that it was a family dinner. No matter how much Michael had issues with Nolan, he wouldn't go against Aiden.

Isabella was in a stunning outfit, with a figure even better than movie stars, her long legs slender and graceful, and the champagne-colored dress making her look like a fresh college graduate.

She was radiant and exuded a charm that was hard to look away from.

During the three years with the Brown Family, she often dressed in a mature style, a different kind of beauty.

Michael didn't expect her to have such a cute side, and he liked every version of her.

At this moment, she was holding a small, exquisite gift box.

Michael raised an eyebrow, thinking she still had him in her heart.

Knowing he was sick at home, she had specially brought him a gift.

However, Isabella walked briskly towards the two of them. Just as Michael opened his arms to welcome her, Isabella walked straight past him and went to Nolan.

In an affectionate tone, she said, "Nolan, look at the gift I picked for you. Do you like it?"

She completely ignored Michael, whose face darkened instantly.

Nolan smiled as he opened the box, revealing a latest limited edition men's watch, which had a cute bear logo on it.

When he was young, he saw this watch in a magazine and was very interested, but he didn't have much pocket money at the time, and it was a limited edition.

He had mentioned wanting it, but no one cared about his likes. In the end, he never brought it up again.

He didn't expect that Isabella remembered it after he mentioned it just once.

As it happened, Isabella was at the mall when she saw the store celebrating its ten-year anniversary, re-releasing classic and limited edition items. She remembered Nolan liked collecting these and bought it.

Although with Nolan's current status, he wouldn't care about these things, childhood wishes were regrets, and it was never too late to make up for them.

Seeing the cute bear logo on the watch, a flash of joy appeared in Nolan's eyes.

But with so many people watching him, he felt a bit embarrassed. "Isabella, I'm not a kid anymore."

He understood Isabella's intentions, but with so many people watching, how could he admit he liked these things?

"So what? Who says adults can't like cute things?" Isabella blinked her lively eyes and deliberately leaned close to Nolan, whispering, "Nolan, if you don't like it, I'll take it back."

She pretended to grab it, but Nolan was quicker, holding the watch to his chest. "No, I want it."

"I'm teasing you, Nolan. I was in a hurry, and instead of picking an expensive gift that would be useless to you, I thought I'd get you something fun. What do you think, Nolan?" She spoke very frankly.

Everyone who heard this just thought Isabella was being capricious, doing whatever she wanted without worrying about her face.

If it were before, Isabella might have been scolded for being immature, but now with the Wilson Family heiress status backing her, everyone just thought she was straightforward and carefree.

Nolan knew she said this to protect him.

Nolan knew she said this to protect him, so he gave her a doting smile. "I understand your intentions. I will treasure it."

Their intimate interaction made everyone praise Isabella's manners, completely forgetting that Michael was still standing there.

Seeing Isabella and Nolan chatting and laughing as if no one else was around, Michael was on the verge of losing his temper.

If it weren't for the people around, he would have pulled them apart without hesitation.

Then he would lock Isabella in their bedroom, not letting anyone see her.

But now, he could only suppress his anger and coldly ask, "Are you done talking? If so, let's go inside."

Isabella nodded and pushed Nolan's wheelchair into the hall.

She didn't notice Michael's discomfort or that he was sick.

In the living room, Aiden, dressed in a suit, sat in a chair. Seeing Isabella, he smiled and waved at her. "Isabella, come here. I've missed you."

Isabella walked over, holding Aiden's hand sincerely. "Grandpa, I've missed you too. How have you been?"

"I'm doing well."

At this moment, Aiden noticed the gem around Isabella's neck, his eyes lit up, and his smile deepened. He knew Michael wouldn't let Isabella go.

This item, though inconspicuous, was Michael's most cherished possession, and it was his wife Chloe York's favorite piece of jewelry.

When Chloe handed it to Michael, she said he must give it to someone he truly loved.

Aiden didn't expect he had already given it to Isabella.

Indeed, two people who truly love each other were not easily separated. Isabella's heart was still with Michael.

After chatting with Aiden for a while, the family dinner was ready.

Taking this opportunity, Isabella wanted to talk to Nolan about teaching at Evergreen City University.

But after a while, she couldn't find him.

Finally, she found him in the small garden in the backyard, sitting in a corner.

Curious, she walked over. "Nolan, why are you here alone? Aren't you going to the front hall?"

Nolan looked up at her, his eyes deep and unreadable, and said with a slight smile, "I find it noisy. I wanted some peace and quiet."

In this house, he could only be himself with Isabella, speaking his mind.

"Are you trying to hide again?" Isabella knew him well. "But did you forget? Today is the party Grandpa prepared for you. If you're not there, it will cause a lot of gossip."

She was thinking of him, as those people were relatives of the Brown Family, and Nolan hadn't been back for years. If he was rude, it would be easy for people to criticize him.

"So what?" Nolan no longer cared. "In their eyes, I'm already insignificant. If I have to consider them in everything, I'd rather not come back."

These words revealed Nolan's true feelings.

After years of being disregarded, Nolan no longer sacrificed himself to please others.

Isabella understood his thoughts to some extent.

After all, Nolan hadn't returned for three years because of this reason.

"True, making yourself unhappy to please others isn't your style." Like Nolan, she wouldn't force herself for the sake of appearances.

###chapter 156 Wavered

The two were silent for a moment, then Nolan suddenly asked, "Isabella, I haven't had the courage to ask you these past few days, but what do you think about teaching at Evergreen City University?"

That day she left suddenly, and there had been no news since.

He didn't know what had happened and didn't want to disturb her rashly.

Today was the perfect opportunity, and he didn't want to miss it again.

He knew Isabella had a great talent for music, and it would be a shame if she couldn't showcase it.

Isabella was mentally prepared, but hearing Nolan say this still made her feel guilty.

She had been so busy that she had forgotten. That was why she unintentionally missed the appointment.

Actually, on the way here, she had thought about it. Given the current development and prospects of the company, she had the time and energy to teach two or three classes a week at Evergreen City University.

But she hadn't ignored Michael's warning to her. He didn't allow her to have too much contact with Nolan, even if it was at the same school.

She knew Michael's temperament too well. If she angered him, the consequences would be severe, and she feared he might cause trouble for Nolan.

Nolan already had enough difficulties, and she didn't want to cause more disputes between the brothers because of her.

After thinking it over, she decided to decline the invitation.

Just as she was about to tell Nolan her decision.

Suddenly, Nolan spoke first, "Isabella, I just heard from Grandpa that you found a professional manager for the Wilson Group, so you should have some free time now. You can join me at Evergreen City University as a teacher. I've seen a lot abroad these past few years, but after returning home, I realized that our country's music foundation is still behind that of other countries. But it's gratifying that the students are very eager to learn and have a high passion for music. If you could come to the school and help them, they might have a brighter future."

Nolan sighed, "Endlessly exploring music, isn't that what we hoped for back then?"

Isabella was silent.

In fact, she was swayed by Nolan's words.

The reason she became obsessed with the piano was entirely because, as a child, she watched Bianca sit by the piano, playing notes under the eager eyes of the teacher and parents.

It was just a simple string of notes, but Bianca was praised by everyone.

Bianca looked at her with eyes like a high and mighty swan, but she was the ugly duckling who didn't even have the right to sit by the piano.

Since then, she became curious about the piano. Every time the teacher taught Bianca a piece, she would listen quietly outside the window.

She hoped that one day she could sit there and play smooth and pleasant music with her fingers.

But what she got was not Indigo's equal treatment, but a scolding from Harper.

Since then, even eavesdropping became a luxury to her.

Until Daniel came, she finally had the chance to touch the piano.

Not only that, Daniel also hired a famous teacher to teach her.

But later, Bianca's appearance made her stop mentioning the piano because, in Michael's eyes, only Bianca played the best. Even now, he still thought so.

Coming back to her senses, Isabella knew she was moved by Nolan's words.

At this moment, Nolan said, "Why don't you give it a try? I guarantee you'll like those kids once you meet them. Their passion and sincerity for music will touch you."

Isabella smiled bitterly. "Nolan, you invited me so warmly. How can I refuse?"

Since she lost contact with her teacher a few years ago, she hadn't touched the piano much.

Plus, after marrying Michael, she listened to him talk about how great Bianca's piano skills were every day, and she lost interest even more.

Hearing Isabella agree, Nolan's eyes lit up with excitement.

As long as she was willing, this matter would be a success. Her unique talent would surely amaze those kids.

Even though Isabella had never been a teacher, her resilience wouldn't let her easily give up on difficulties.

"Then it's settled. I'll discuss with the school and let you try a few classes first. If you find it suitable, you can continue teaching. No pressure." Nolan wanted Isabella to showcase her talent and rediscover her love for music, but he didn't want her to feel pressured, nor did he want public opinion to weigh on her.

Hearing that Nolan had planned everything for her, Isabella smiled. "Nolan, did you plan to bring me to the school all along, and that's why you're waiting for me here?"

Nolan's expression froze, his face slightly blushed, and he didn't answer.

Isabella immediately had her answer.

Nolan always accurately guessed her every thought.

Nolan didn't dwell on the topic, not wanting to reveal too much. "Isabella, since you agreed, why don't you come to the school with me later? Actually, I forgot to tell you, I've already applied to live in the school, not at home."

Isabella didn't mind, and after dinner, she could leave early. "Sure, you've planned it all, how can I not follow?"

After saying that, she squinted her eyes intentionally, making Nolan blush even more.

But she didn't ask why Nolan moved to the school.

They were too familiar with each other, and some things didn't need to be said.

After speaking, Isabella glanced at the time and pushed the wheelchair behind Nolan. "It's getting late, we should go, don't keep Grandpa waiting."

She knew that Nolan, despite he said that, wouldn't really leave Aiden alone to face the guests.

"Alright, the sooner we go, the sooner we can leave," Nolan replied.

Just as they turned around, they bumped into Michael, who  stared at the two of them with a gloomy expression, his hand clenched tightly at his side.

"Leave early? Isabella, I didn't know you and Nolan had something urgent to attend to." Michael's words were full of sarcasm.

Isabella was his wife, and Nolan was his brother. Seeing them eager to leave together in front of him, what were they planning? A date or a private matter? Either way, he wouldn't allow it.

Isabella frowned, wanting to explain to Michael, but he was too angry to listen.

He approached her step by step, his eyes fixed on her, as if declaring his ownership. "Isabella, don't forget, you are my wife, not his. How long has it been since you parted at the door, and you can't wait to meet in such a secluded place."

Michael sneered at the two of them. "Of course, Nolan has been away for so many years, now that he's back, you can't wait to stick with him all the time?"

Isabella was eager to go to the front hall and didn't want to engage with Michael.

She raised her eyes slightly. "Michael, have you said enough? If you're done, move aside, don't block the way!"

###chapter 157 Does He Deserve to Be My Brother?

Michael's face grew darker, standing still in place.

Anger surged within him, and he directly pointed at Nolan, questioning, "Isabella, Dare you admit you come home today not because of him?"

Isabella frowned and thought, 'Yes, I have indeed come because of Nolan. But why is Michael so agitated? Why can't I come to Nolan's party?'

"Michael, what exactly are you trying to say? What's wrong with Isabella attending my party?" Nolan frowned, looking at Michael in front of him.

He couldn't stand Michael bullying Isabella like this.

"Why do you call her that? And you say you have no other intentions towards her? Nolan, don't forget she's my wife. If you want to see her, just say so. Why go through the trouble of having Grandpa throw a family party? Do you think I don't understand your intentions?" Michael directly exposed Nolan's thoughts.

But Nolan didn't defend himself at all; he just spread his hands helplessly. "Michael, I don't know what you're talking about. If you insist on thinking that way, my explanation will just seem like another excuse to you, won't it?"

"Others can't see through you because you disguise yourself too well. But I know what you're really thinking, Nolan. You'd better stay away from her." Michael's eyes were cold, and he was very rude to Nolan.

Nolan trying to take Isabella away right in front of him; he wasn't deserve to be his brother.

Isabella watched all this, feeling both heartache and guilt towards Nolan; she had even less affection for Michael.

The only one who truly bullied her in this family was Michael, not others. How could he shout at Nolan like that?

Isabella snapped, "Michael, I really misjudged you. No matter what, Nolan is your brother. How can you speak to him so disrespectfully? Do you have any sense of propriety?"

From the beginning, he had come up and accused her, and she could ignore his suspicions about her relationship with Nolan.

But he even directed his anger at Nolan; she couldn't bear it anymore.

However, her standing up for Nolan deeply provoked Michael. He tightened his jawline and sneered. "Brother? He just returned to the country and is already interfering in our marriage, meeting you behind my back, doing all these shady things. Does he deserve to be my brother?"

He knew Isabella had feelings for Nolan. But they hadn't divorced yet; they were just having a small quarrel, and Nolan dared to take advantage of the situation and intervene between them. He couldn't swallow this anger.

Isabella was so angry she could hardly speak.

Michael was simply unreasonable; their conversation was on completely different wavelengths.

"Michael, you're just a madman. I don't want to say another word to you. Move aside!" Isabella pushed Nolan, trying to leave, but Michael's tall figure blocked the way, making it impossible to pass.

Michael squinted his eyes. "Explain to me clearly, where are you going?"

"Where we go is none of your business!" Isabella's patience was exhausted; she didn't want to tell him anything.

She couldn't understand why Michael was so fixated on her and Nolan today.

"If you won't say, let him say." Michael signaled with his eyes to Nolan, who was sitting in a wheelchair, then raised his hand, indicating for Isabella to leave. "You leave, I have something to ask him."

Isabella was even more unwilling; who knew if Michael would go crazy and hit Nolan.

After all, Nolan couldn't move his body now; he was no match for Michael.

"No, I disagree. If you have something to ask, do it with me here." The more she protected Nolan, the angrier Michael became.

He gritted his teeth and sneered. "Are you sure you want to hear what we have to say?"

Isabella retorted, her eyes wide open, "Why can't I listen?"

"The reason is that it involves you, so you can't listen."

Isabella was even more determined not to leave. "Then I definitely want to hear it. Who knows what bad things you'll say about me behind my back."

The two of them went back and forth, on the verge of a big argument.

Nolan, sitting in the wheelchair, sighed helplessly.

He interrupted them, "Isabella, listen to me. Go to the front hall first; I'll be there soon."

Michael was clearly here with resentment. If someone had to stay and endure it, he would rather it be him than Isabella.

Isabella was worried about him. "Nolan, I can't leave. What if he hits you as soon as I leave?"

Nolan was innocently caught up in her and Michael's issues. If Nolan got hurt because of this, she would feel even more guilty.

Nolan gave her a doting smile. "What nonsense are you talking about? Michael is my brother. No matter what, he wouldn't hit me. Trust me, I believe he won't do that."

His voice was light, but it carried a very convincing power. Isabella felt much more at ease.

She pursed her lips, about to say something, when Nolan explained, "Isabella, issues between men can only be resolved by us. You can't help by staying here; it will only make things more complicated. Besides..."

He glanced at Michael and continued, "Michael probably doesn't want you to hear some things, so give him some quiet space."

Since Nolan said so, Isabella couldn't insist on staying.

But she knew Michael who just wanted to take the opportunity to threaten Nolan to stay away from her. He wouldn't be so gentlemanly as to negotiate with Nolan.

"Fine, I'll wait for you by Grandpa. Come quickly," Isabella said, looking worriedly at the atmosphere between the two, but eventually left.

In the pavilion, only Nolan and Michael were left; the two stood facing each other.

They could see the seven or eight points of resemblance in each other's faces.

They were so alike, but their differences were too obvious.

Nolan glanced at Isabella's figure disappearing into the backyard, then turned his attention back to Michaeland sighed, "Isabella has left. Go ahead and speak."

Michael was the youngest in the family, pampered like a treasure by everyone.

However, Nolan was the second son, overshadowed by the eldest brother Brandon Brown, and with Michael as the charming younger brother, he was never valued.

Even though they looked so similar, it didn't earn him any parental love.

So over the years, he had gotten used to it.

Facing Michael, he always yielded. Whatever Michael wanted, someone would fight for him, and he would inevitably be the one to sacrifice.

Even so, he never received any care, because everyone thought it was his duty.

Seeing Nolan's patient demeanor, Michael's eyes narrowed, and he sneered. "Nolan, have you had enough of pretending? There's no one else here. Put away your hypocritical mask!"

###chapter 158 Revealing the True Face

"Hypocrite?" A trace of hurt flashed in Nolan's eyes.

For so many years, he, as the older brother, had always been the one to give in, even when Michael wanted the entire Brown Group. In the end, he was labeled a hypocrite.

When the Brown Group faced a crisis, Aiden handed the company over to him, and he took on the difficult task without complaint.

In just a few years, he led the Brown Group to new heights, even making it well-known domestically and internationally.

Everyone was convinced by him and wanted to support him as the CEO of the Brown Group.

At that time, he was still very young, ambitious, and capable.

Just as he was about to make a big move with the power in his hands, he was told he had been replaced.

And the one who took his place was Michael, who had been carefully nurtured by Aiden for several years.

When he received the news, he was in a meeting with the board discussing the next step to expand business overseas.

With one order from Aiden, he was stripped of his position and power.

Overnight, all the glory that shone on him was taken away.

He was no longer the CEO of the Brown Group but returned to being the second son of the Brown Family, who no one cared about.

He didn't even have the right to be angry, because this family was never centered around him.

He was just a replaceable substitute; his years of hard work day and night were just a transition period for Michael's growth.

Since then, he no longer got involved in any business of the Brown Group, only wanting to escape as far as possible.

So, he went abroad and chose the music he loved the most.

Everyone could say whatever they wanted, but Michael had no right.

"Michael, why do you call me a hypocrite?" Nolan looked at him with deep eyes, unable to understand how Michael, who had been pampered by the family since childhood and had taken everything from him, could say such a thing.

"You know it clearly." Michael's voice was cold. "For three years, you had no intention of coming back. As soon as Isabella and I announced our divorce, you returned to the country. Do you dare say you came back for Grandpa?"

He didn't care about anything else, but if Nolan dared to compete with him for Isabella, he would fight him to the end.

"Does it matter who I came back for?" Nolan's gaze fell on his immobile legs, a bitter smile on his lips. "I have my own reasons for returning, and your divorce from Isabella is due to problems in your marriage. You should solve your issues, not blame everything on me."

Michael was still angry about the scene of them talking and laughing earlier and couldn't listen to anything.

"Our issues are none of your business!" He warned coldly, "You should stay away from her during this time. If any photos are taken and rumors spread, not only will I take action, but you also won't be able to explain it to Grandpa."

Although they were brothers, Michael had always been the most pampered in the family since childhood.

And he was always blamed for not understanding how to give in to Michael.

He didn't understand why, as the Browns, Michael was always considered the most precious one, inheriting everything without effort, while he was forced to give up everything and live a lonely life abroad with no one to care for him.

He had endured so many times, why should he continue to endure.

"Then go tell Grandpa." Nolan clenched his fists, his eyes darkening, his voice cold. "Michael, besides complaining to the elders, what else can you do? Do you know why Isabella married you in the first place? You know better than anyone, so why are you still pretending?"

Hearing that, Michael's face changed, as if Nolan had hit the deepest secret in his heart.

"I only know that she is my wife now, and we will never be separated. And you will always just be her elder. Isn't that enough?" Michael's voice was low and deep, as if declaring something to Nolan, or perhaps comforting himself.

In fact, he was panicking more than anyone else at the moment.

"But you, I sometimes really don't understand, what does Isabella see in you? Since you appeared, she has treated you like a treasure," Michael's jealousy grew as he spoke.

The way Isabella looked at Nolan was a tenderness he had never seen.

Hearing this, Nolan shook his head and sneered. " Michael, you are still as arrogant as ever. Isabella and I have common interests and endless topics to talk about. I understand her unhappiness and her sadness. Do you have a deep understanding of her? The feelings between us are something a selfish person like you will never understand!"

He squinted his eyes, looking at Michael with mockery. "So, isn't it normal for her to like me and not you?"

Finally, he said the words he had kept in his heart for years; he had finally released his resentment.

"Nolan, so this is your true face?" Michael coldly looked at Nolan, who was revealing his true feelings, a trace of surprise in his eyes.

The usually gentle and elegant Nolan in front of others was all an act.

But he had disguised himself so well that he had fooled everyone, including Aiden and Michael.

Especially Aiden, who felt bad for a long time after learning about Nolan's injury.

But he never showed it in front of Nolan, afraid that he would overthink.

And these days at home, Aiden kept telling him to learn from Nolan, treating him as a role model.

However, it was all a facade maintained by Nolan. His purpose was to make everyone who saw him feel pity and sympathy, ultimately becoming his supporters. Isabella was just deceived by him.

"What do you mean? I became like this because of you." Nolan laughed. "Michael, you forced me into this. If it weren't for your appearance, I wouldn't have ended up like this."

Nolan laughed, "Michael, you forced me into this. If it weren't for your appearance, I wouldn't have ended up like this."

This crazed Nolan made Michael see him clearly.

"You brought this upon yourself, Nolan. You can't blame anyone. From the beginning, you were a hypocrite, even deceiving yourself," He said, striding over and stopping in front of the wheelchair.

He looked at Nolan's legs hanging from the wheelchair, a gleam in his eyes. "Nolan, is this wheelchair also part of your act? From the day you returned, no matter how Grandpa asked, you wouldn't tell him how your legs got injured."

Michael squinted his eyes, not waiting for Nolan to find an excuse, he already had the answer. "Could it be that your leg injury is also fake, and this is all just your scheme?"

###chapter 159 Are You Going to Hit Him?

Their gazes met in the air, a silent clash of sharpness.

Immediately, a fierce look flashed in Michael's eyes as he extended his hand towards Nolan, "You like Isabella, don't you? How about I give you a chance? As long as you beat me here, I'll agree to divorce her and give you the opportunity. If you lose, go back abroad and never appear in front of her again."

Michael taunted Nolan, wanting to test his true nature to see if he was really disabled or if he was faking it.

If his leg disability was faked, then everything Nolan had shown him all this time was a lie.

However, if he was willing to give up his disguise for Isabella, and if Isabella truly liked Nolan, he could step aside and let her find true love.

But if Nolan did all this for himself, he would teach him a harsh lesson and never let him appear in front of Isabella again.

"Come on, don't waste time." Michael stretched his neck and rolled up his sleeves. "To be fair, I'll use one hand, and you just need to give it your all."

With that, he began to prepare for action.

Nolan didn't show any fear, his eyes even revealing a hint of anticipation. "Come on."

He had long wanted to have a good fight with Michael.

He gritted his teeth, about to roll up his sleeves, but then he saw a familiar figure behind Michael.

The next second, he gently lowered his wrist and sighed softly, "Michael, why have we come to this point? I'm your brother. If you have any dissatisfaction with me, you can say it. You can see my condition now. How can I fight you? If you're angry because of Isabella, I can explain. We're really just friends, not what you think."

Nolan's voice was light and helpless.

He seemed like a brother comforting his younger sibling, almost baring his heart to Michael.

But Michael was already in battle mode, determined to force out Nolan's true self.

"Nolan, if you're still a man, show me your true skills and fight me fair and square. Don't show me that hypocritical act." With that, Michael swung his fist heavily towards Nolan in the wheelchair.

Suddenly, a desperate voice stopped him. "Michael, are you crazy? Stop!"

Isabella's face changed as she ran over, spreading her arms to shield Nolan, her eyes red with anger at Michael.

If she hadn't come back out of worry, she couldn't imagine what Michael would do to Nolan. He was simply insane to aim his fist at his brother.

"Isabella, move!" Seeing her, Michael's face darkened. He couldn't stand her protecting Nolan like this.

Seeing that Michael had no intention of lowering his clenched fist, Isabella was in disbelief.

She stood firmly in front of him, not budging an inch. "Michael, he's your brother. He can't even move, and you're swinging your fist at him? Michael, are you still a man?"

Michael's gaze was fixed on Nolan hiding behind Isabella. He was now certain that Nolan was hiding something upon his return.

If he didn't seize this opportunity to expose Nolan's true self, it would be even harder to catch him later.

"Isabella, who told you to come back?" Michael's tone was slightly displeased; he didn't want her to see these messy things.

Isabella was furious. "If I don't come back, you're gonna go after Nolan?"

"Michael, if you dare to touch Nolan today, we're done. If you want to hit him , hit me too!" She raised her face, her eyes resolute, standing against him to the end.

Michael's face tightened, his fist trembling slightly from her actions.

His eyes darkened. "Isabella, are you turning against me for him?"

She had agreed to try for a baby with him, and she might already be carrying his child.

She knew he couldn't hurt her; but she still spoke to him like this, using her body to shield Nolan.

"Yes!" Isabella responded decisively, her eyes filled with anger and resentment towards Michael.

Sensing her change, Michael felt all his strength and tactics drained away, only leaving a sharp pain in his chest.

"Fine, don't regret what you said today." Michael feared that if he stayed another second, he would explode, so he gritted his teeth and left.

Isabella bit her lips, not letting her emotions show.

She and Michael could never be together again.

Seeing Michael's figure quickly disappear from the garden, Isabella turned to Nolan and began to push his wheelchair out.

The farce ended, leaving only silence.

Nolan knew Isabella was also upset and gently advised, "Isabella, you don't have to do this for me. You know Michael's personality. The more you go against him, the more it provokes him. I can't move, so let him do what he wants. As long as you two can reconcile, it doesn't matter if I take a beating."

Nolan spoke lightly, but his words stung Isabella's heart.

She had seen everything Nolan had done for her over the years.

Now that he was back, he still had to worry about her love life. How could she not feel for him? But Michael's attitude also hurt her.

She bit her lip, not letting her tears fall. "Nolan, I'm sorry you had to suffer because of me, but don't mention reconciling with him again. I can't trust him anymore."

He was about to hit Nolan. How could she still think well of him?

"But you were married, and you liked him for so long. Can you really let him go?" Nolan knew her well, who still had hope to her marriage.

Otherwise, she wouldn't have endured three years of coldness and still loved Michael.

But this time, she was truly hurt.

If he could attack Nolan over a small matter, would he also attack her if she had dinner with another man?

"Whether I can let go or not, I won't let myself fall into it again." Isabella took a deep breath, realizing something. "Nolan, I think maybe I was wrong from the start."

###chapter 160 Then Just Separate

"My obsession with Michael started from that stunning glimpse of his back when I was a child, but after all these years of being together, I realized he is nothing like what I imagined." Isabella lowered her eyes slightly. "All this time, it has been me putting effort into our relationship and marriage. I feel like I never really understood him until today..."

What happened earlier made her see Michael's true side clearly.

She was deeply shocked, and even couldn't tell why she liked him.

That glimpse from years ago was too long ago.

Isabella pushed the wheelchair forward slowly.

Nolan, sitting in the wheelchair, couldn't see her expression at the moment, but he could tell from her voice how disappointed she was.

"If you really can't be together, then just separate. Isabella, your life shouldn't be confined to one place. You deserve a better life." Nolan advised, who tried to help Isabella get out of that emotional state.

She knew Nolan didn't want her to keep struggling in this marriage. She took a deep breath and nodded. "I know, there are many good men in this world. Why should I insist on liking Michael? Besides, my status in Evergreen City is quite excellent. Without him, I can find someone more suitable for me."

With that, the two of them chatted and laughed all the way back to the main hall.

The banquet had already started, and Aiden called them to take their seats before going to entertain other guests.

Nolan was used to being ignored and didn't mind.

After eating a little, he planned to go to the university with Isabella to experience the atmosphere of the music department.

Just as they were about to leave, Aiden called Isabella over.

He pulled Isabella aside and asked worriedly, "Isabella, tell me, did Michael upset you again? I'll go deal with him!"

Isabella didn't want Aiden to worry, so she shook her head. "No, Grandpa, we're fine."

Aiden was extremely worried about their divorce, unable to eat or sleep well, all the while hoping that Michael could bring Isabella back home, but he didn't expect Michael was so useless.

"Really? But I just saw Michael go back to his room with a dark face." Thinking of what he saw earlier, Aiden looked puzzled.

Hearing that, Isabella was somewhat surprised.

Wasn't Aiden busy talking to the people around him just now? He didn't even pay much attention to Nolan, the main character of the banquet, but he noticed Michael.

She suddenly felt more sympathy for Nolan.

What kind of life had he been living in the Brown Family all these years?

No one cared about him, asked if he was wronged, or if he was unhappy.

She moved her lips and came up with an excuse. "Maybe something urgent came up at the company. It doesn't necessarily mean he's unhappy. Grandpa, you're getting old, and Michael is an adult. You shouldn't treat him like a child. He needs to experience things on his own."

Knowing the divorce was irreversible, Isabella didn't want Aiden to worry, so she subtly hinted at her decision.

But she forgot how smart Aiden was. He must have understood her meaning from her words.

But he pretended not to know anything and smiled. "Isabella, you are right. I'm getting old. Now I don't want anything but to expect your children. You two should hurry up."

Isabella didn't know how to explain this, so she just silently agreed.

"Grandpa, you really like Michael, don't you?" Isabella asked.

If she had heard Aiden's concern for Michael before, she would have thought it was natural. But after what happened with Nolan just now.

If Aiden had given some of the love he had for Michael to Nolan, maybe Nolan wouldn't have turned out this way.

"Michael was raised by me and is the successor I put all my effort into cultivating. If I don't care for him, who will?" Talking about Michael, Aiden's eyes were full of light.

"But Grandpa, you have so many grandsons. Why do you favor Michael so much?" Isabella added, and she thought Nolan would want to know the answer to this question too.

He longed for family love, but in the end, he never truly felt what it was like to be cherished.

Aiden pondered for a moment and replied, "Maybe among them, only Brandon and Michael are most like me when I was young, especially Michael . Whether in personality or methods, he is extremely like me. But he is still too young and not bold enough in his methods. However, he has managed the Brown Group to its current state, and I am very satisfied. I believe he will do well as he matures."

When Aiden talked about Michael, his face was full of pride and joy, which was completely different from how he talked about Nolan.

They always thought Nolan was sensible and mature, not needing much worry and could take care of himself well.

But they forgot that often, only those who were not cherished were forced to be sensible.

She had already decided to separate from Michael, so she she didn't want to hear about him anymore.

She just needed to ensure that after having a child, she could hide it from the Browns and raise the child on her own.

"Grandpa, it's getting late. I still need to go..." Before Isabella could finish her sentence, Aiden's eyes lit up, and he quickly interrupted, "Are you going upstairs to see Michael? Then go ahead. Who knows what he's sulking about now?"

"Grandpa, I meant to go..." Before she could finish her sentence, Aiden nodded and interrupted, "I understand. You young people need more time together. That way, I can hold your children sooner. Isabella, don't mind me. Go ahead."

Just like that, Isabella didn't even have time to say a word to Nolan before Aiden pushed her towards the stairs.

The wedding room hadn't changed much, but to her surprise, Michael wasn't there.

Aiden was downstairs, so she obviously couldn't leave tonight. She might as well take a nap and rest.

Last night, Olivia had kept her up, and she had strange nightmares, afraid that Olivia would be taken away if she wasn't careful.

Isabella texted Nolan, saying she would go to the school another day, then lay down on the bed for a nap.

When she woke up, it was already dark outside.

She was woken up by the ringing phone. Being suddenly woken up put her in a bad mood, and seeing that familiar number on the phone, she almost didn't think and hung up directly.

###chapter 161 A Sensual Scene

She was about to go back to sleep when the phone rang again the next second.

She was completely furious and answered the call, yelling, "Michael, are you out of your mind? Can't you tell I don't want to answer your calls? Why do you keep calling?"

There was a few seconds of silence on the other end of the line before a voice that didn't belong to Michael cautiously came through.

"Isabella, it's Ethan." Ethan was intimidated by Isabella's fierce tone.

He never knew that Michael, who was like a God outside, would be scolded like this at home by Isabella.

"Ethan?" Hearing it wasn't Michael, Isabella rubbed her forehead awkwardly and took a deep breath. "Do you need something?"

Ethan then remembered the main issue. "Well, Isabella, could you come to Starlit Tavern to take Michael home? He's been drinking heavily since the afternoon and is now completely out of it. The key thing is, he's running a high fever. If something happens to him, it would be quite serious. Could you please come over?"

"Let him find a designated driver himself." Isabella frowned deeply; she hated picking up drunk people.

Ethan, sitting in the private room, looked at the already slumped Michael, swallowed hard, and replied over the phone, "He's probably too out of it to recognize anyone right now. Isabella, you know his quirk; he doesn't like anyone else touching his car. Besides, in his current state, if no one helps him, he might really get worse."

Isabella didn't want to pick Michael up, but hearing that he had a high fever, she couldn't help but feel a bit soft-hearted.

After all, his injuries were from protecting her.

If Michael's condition worsened, she wouldn't be able to explain it to Aiden.

"Got it, I'll be there soon."

"Got it, I'll be there soon." Hanging up, Isabella changed into a thicker outfit from her wardrobe and quickly left.

It seemed that Aiden had arranged for her and Michael to have some space, as there wasn't a single person downstairs.

Isabella skillfully drove her car out.

In the most luxurious private room of the Starlit Tavern, Michael and Ethan were sitting in the center.

Surrounding them was a group of young, hot beauties of all types and tastes.

All of them were trying to cozy up to Michael, the most prestigious, wealthy, and powerful man in Evergreen City.

After all, Michael had personally chosen them this time, so no one wanted to miss such a rare opportunity, and they were all showing off their sexiest sides.

And Michael seemed like a different person, usually too lazy to even lift his eyes, now reaching out to the women throwing themselves at him, accepting them all.

One by one, they sat beside him, their ample breasts pressing against Michael's arm.

Michael raised an eyebrow and smiled, pulling one of them into his arms.

His charming and flirtatious demeanor made even Ethan, sitting beside him, blush and feel dry-mouthed, not out of embarrassment, but out of fear.

Who knew that right after he hung up Isabella's call, the drunken Michael would start demanding women and call everyone in the bar over.

With this scene, how was he supposed to explain to Isabella when she arrived?

The two were still in the middle of a divorce. If Isabella saw this, she would blow up.

Ethan was still thinking of an excuse when Isabella arrived outside the private room.

The moment she pushed open the door, she was greeted by the sensual scene.

And the man being fed drinks by all those women was her soon-to-be ex-husband, Michael.

Isabella stood at the door, backlit, her eyes emitting a fierce glare.

Ethan was so scared he fell to the ground, who wanted to explain, but Isabella didn't even look at him.

She didn't blame Ethan; if it weren't for his call, she might never have seen such a shocking scene in her life.

Isabella had only one thought now: to cut off Michael's genital.

So he could never use it again, and see how long he could keep being a playboy.

Just as she was about to rush over and drag him up, Isabella suddenly thought of something.

If Michael had heard Ethan's call to her, then this scene might have been staged for her to see.

Since he went to such lengths, she couldn't let this good show go to waste.

The scandalous news of the heir of the Brown Family, would surely attract a lot of attention online.

Thinking of this, Isabella's lips curled into a sly smile.

She took out her phone from her bag, aiming it at Michael in the center of the couch, but in the blink of an eye, the room was empty.

Even Ethan had sneaked away, and the room was now just her and Michael.

Seeing her in front of him, Michael somehow found the strength to stand up.

He staggered over to her and leaned his body against hers.

The strong smell of alcohol hit her, and Isabella frowned, pushing him away. "Michael, get off me. You reek of alcohol, don't touch me."

"I paid for this, why can't I touch?" Michael slurred, mistaking her for one of the women from earlier.

Isabella's eyes widened. "What did you say?"

Her suddenly raised voice made Michael frown and open his eyes.

In his drunken state, Michael's usually sharp and fierce eyes were now deep and confused.

Suddenly, his gaze fixed on Isabella's face.

After a moment, his lips curled into a sexy smile. "You're so beautiful. This money was well spent, just seeing you is enough."

Saying this, he reached out to touch her face.

His grip was heavy, and Isabella's face was almost pinched red.

"Michael, stop it."

"So soft, I like it." Michael ignored her resistance, his hand slipping into her coat, feeling the curve of her waist.

Just as he was about to move his hand further, his wrist was suddenly in pain.

Isabella forcefully pulled his hand away and pushed him onto the couch. "Michael, stop pretending to be drunk to take advantage of me."

She thought Michael, with his proud nature, would throw a fit after being pushed away, and she was ready to fight him.

But Michael just lay there on the couch, motionless; his handsome face was now frighteningly blush.

Isabella suddenly remembered he had a fever.

She quickly went over to check his forehead, the temperature so high it almost burned her.

Isabella didn't dare think of anything else, straightening his body, preparing to take Michael home.

But as soon as she got close, the previously immobile Michael, as if sensing a familiar scent, squinted his eyes and reached out to touch her again.

This time, he directly pulled her into his arms, nuzzling her neck. "You smell so good, I like this scent."

###chapter 162 Wanted to Tease Michael

The next second, Michael suddenly sat up straight, staring intently at Isabella in his arms.

His serious gaze made Isabella wonder if he was truly drunk or just pretending to be drunk under the influence of alcohol.

Isabella didn't say anything, coldly watching to see what he was up to.

Who knew that Michael's next words would shock her. "I just like your type. How about you marry me?"

Hearing that, Isabella was stunned.

Before she could react, Michael lowered his head and kissed her. Fortunately, she dodged in time, and his heavy-breathing kiss landed behind her ear.

But he didn't stop, moving down to bite her neck. The tingling sensation made Isabella let out a low moan.

Realizing what Michael was doing, she pushed him away. "Michael, stop pretending in front of me. Do you think I don't know what you're up to?"

Michael lay there honestly, his eyes dazed, but he still responded to Isabella's words, "I'm not pretending. I like you. Can't I kiss you?"

Looking at Michael's dumbfounded look, Isabella suddenly wanted to tease him.

He usually bullied her, and now that she finally had a chance to fight back., how could she miss it? Besides, drunk Michael seemed a bit silly.

She squinted her eyes, leaned closer to him, and pinched Michael's face with her fingers, just as he had pinched hers earlier.

After pinching his face, she tugged at his ear hard.

Seeing it turn red, she slightly loosened her grip.

If it were before, she wouldn't have dared to do this.

Michael was very proud and wouldn't easily let anyone touch his sensitive spots.

But today was special because he was so drunk that he wouldn't remember anything tomorrow, so she had nothing to fear.

"Michael, what did you just say? You want to marry me? Do you mean it?" She raised an eyebrow and asked him.

"Yes."Michael half-opened his eyes, his deep gaze falling on her face, and he smiled smugly as if he remembered something. "I will definitely marry you."

Isabella sneered at his words. She hadn't even agreed, so why was he so confident.

"Why do you think you can marry me?" Isabella added.

Perhaps Isabella's words were too hard to understand, as Michael stared at her blankly, his dumbfounded look making Isabella's heart skip a beat.

Then he grabbed her hand like a child, asking her in confusion, "What do you want? I'll give you anything I have, okay?"

With his handsome face, doing such a cute act, how could she harden her heart?

Isabella pursed her lips, raised her eyes, and coldly stared at him. "You tell me what you have first, then I'll decide whether to marry you."

Michael's face turned red, his eyes misty, looking at Isabella with an innocent and aggrieved expression. "I don't know what I have. What should I do?"

Michael's pitiful look almost made Isabella lose control.

She held back her laughter, trying to understand the drunk Michael, who might have forgotten who he was.

She pulled her hand back, shrugged indifferently. "Then there's nothing we can do. After all, I'm so good-looking, with a great figure, and there are countless people pursuing me.If you don't have something worth my choice, why should I waste my time with you?"

"No!" Michael suddenly shook his head. "I know you'll be very beautiful when you grow up, and many people will like you, but I..."

He scratched his head in frustration, his eyes turning red. "But what can I give you? I have nothing. What should I do?"

Isabella watched from the side, wanting to take out her phone and capture Michael's current state.

If he dared to bully her again, she would show it to him.

With this leverage, Michael wouldn't dare to give her any more orders.

Seeing him fall into self-doubt, Isabella sighed and pretended to leave, "In that case, we should just break up..."

Before she could finish, he grabbed her wrist tightly, his red eyes pleading. "Please don't go!"

When Isabella's heart trembled, not knowing what to do, Michael spoke again, "No matter how, you can only marry me. Don't worry, I'll be rich in the future. I'll have lots of money, all for you."

Isabella rolled her eyes.

Michael was so drunk, yet he still made promises to other "girls" outside, as if she cared about his money.

"You're talking about the future. Who knows if you'll be rich in the future? I want the present. What do you expect me to do now, live a poor life with you?"

Michael shook his head frantically. "I won't let you suffer. I really have money. I just don't know where I put it."

Isabella sneered. "What a joke. You don't know where you put your money?"

"In the end, you just want to take advantage of me without spending money and then dump me. You rich people are all the same." Her scolding was merciless, and although Michael was drunk, he wasn't stupid. He could tell she was mocking him.

Michael's face darkened, and he pulled her into his arms, not letting her go. "No, you can't leave. You're mine. If anyone dares to take you, I'll kill them!"

In his firm embrace, Michael's strength made her feel like he wanted to merge her into his body.

Pressed against his chest, Isabella could clearly hear his erratic heartbeat, just as domineering and forceful as he was, invading her heart.

Isabella sighed deeply, letting him hold her.

At this moment, she wished Michael would never wake up and stay drunk like this; maybe she accept him.

But unfortunately, reality was cruel, with no room for fantasy. She was destined to part ways with Michael.

She had intended to bully him, but in the end, she was the one who felt hurt. She shouldn't have sought temporary comfort.

Pushing Michael away forcefully, Isabella slowly stood up and said coldly, "You should be sobering up now. If you want to come with me, get up yourself."

With that, she walked outside.

It was already late at night when they left the bar. If she took him back to the Brown Villa, Aiden would surely be awakened by Michael's drunken state and high fever.

Aiden wasn't in good health, and seeing Michael like this would worry him all night.

After thinking it over, Isabella decided not to return to the Brown Villa.

She didn't want to take him to her place either, so she dragged Michael to his villa.

###chapter 163 Deep Kiss in the Bath

The car quickly arrived outside the villa, and Isabella was about to remind Michael beside her to get out.

In the blink of an eye, the Michael who had just been talking about how hard he would work to make money after marriage was now sleeping like a baby.

The light shone down from above his head, his messy hair covering his eyes, making his features even more pronounced.

Usually, Michael exuded a cold aura that kept strangers at bay.

But today, Isabella saw a cute and somewhat silly Michael.

She thought of how he had pitifully clung to her clothes on the way, begging her not to leave, promising to make himself better, so that she would only have eyes for him.

This state might only exist for tonight. By dawn, he would become the decisive and ruthless CEO of the Brown Group.

Thinking of this, Isabella took a deep breath and tugged at him. "Michael, wake up, get out of the car."

Hearing the voice, Michael half-opened his eyes in a daze, first looking in her direction, then at the door illuminated by the car lights.

He sat up and rubbed his temples. "You brought me back."

His deeply intoxicated voice still carried a hint of coldness.

Isabella was taken aback, knowing that Michael had sobered up.

What happened at the bar earlier would only become her exclusive memory.

"Yeah, can you walk by yourself?" Since he was awake, there was no need for her to stay.

"I don't feel well, I need you to help me inside." Sensing that she was about to leave, Michael suddenly became anxious.

Isabella hadn't planned on leaving anyway.

Michael was drunk, and with his injuries and high fever, if she left him here, she would be the first to be held responsible if something happened tomorrow.

"Then get off quickly!" Isabella reached out to help him, but Michael's tall frame made it extremely difficult for her even with partial support.

After much effort, she finally got Michael into the room, and he immediately started fussing about wanting to take a bath.

Isabella knew him well; with his cleanliness obsession, he had to take a bath before he could sleep after coming back from outside.

Unable to reason with a drunk Michael, Isabella went to the bathroom to run hot water and let him go in by himself.

Then she came out and sat on a chair to rest.

She almost fell asleep sitting there, but Michael still hadn't come out.

Realizng Michael had been in there for an hour, Isabella frowned, worried something might have happened, and quickly got up to knock on the bathroom door. "Michael, are you done?"

It was very quiet inside.

Listening carefully, she couldn't even hear the sound of shower , and Isabella's heart skipped a beat.

She suddenly remembered that Michael still had a high fever, thinking he might have gotten confused.

Without thinking, Isabella pushed open the bathroom door and rushed in.

In the pure white double bathtub, water was continuously overflowing from the edges, and Michael, with his upper body exposed, had his arms draped over the sides, sleeping deeply.

Isabella stepped through the water to touch his forehead.

Strangely, his body temperature had actually gone down a bit, not as scorching as it was at the bar earlier.

But if he continued soaking like this, even if the fever subsided, it would come back in the middle of the night.

However, Isabella didn't know how to get the completely naked and soaking wet Michael out of the bathroom.

After thinking for a moment, Isabella decided to wake him up. "Michael, get up."

Michael opened his eyes in a daze, seeing Isabella's enlarged face in front of him, wondering if he was hallucinating.

How could she be in front of him, caring for him like this?

"Isabella? It's really you." Michael's eyes were filled with disbelief, and his voice softened considerably.

"Michael, you've been awake for a while, stop pretending, get up and go to bed." Isabella looked at him with exasperation.

After a whole night of fussing, she hadn't even gotten any sleep herself.

Isabella helplessly reached out to pull Michael's wrist, but he showed no intention of getting up.

She used all her strength, but Michael in the tub remained unmoved.

Isabella couldn't hold back any longer. "Michael, are you doing this on purpose? With your built, how can I move you by myself? If you don't want to get out, just stay in there!"

After saying that, she angrily tried to let go of his wrist and turn to leave, but Michael grabbed her instead.

Michael used so much force that Isabella almost got pulled into the tub. "I'll get up, don't leave."

His slightly resentful voice came from behind, as if she was the one at fault.

Isabella shook her head helplessly, thinking she was really losing her mind to argue with a drunk Michael.

She just needed to get him to bed, and they could go their separate ways in the morning.

Finally, after much effort from both of them, Michael managed to get one foot out of the tub, just about to put on his slippers when he slipped.

"Michael!" Isabella exclaimed, not out of concern for him, but for herself.

Because even in a weightless state, Michael didn't forget to pull her along, and they both fell back into the water-filled tub.

When she came to her senses, she was completely soaked in the water.

And Michael, like a mountain, was hovering above her, staring at her with deep and fiery eyes.

Having experienced this kind of situation before, Isabella didn't need to think to know what was on Michael's mind.

Even drunk like this, he still had the energy to think about sex.

But following Michael's gaze, Isabella looked down and realized that her clothes had slipped off her shoulders.

And with the water soaking them, they clung tightly to her body, revealing her sexy curves to Michael. No wonder he was going crazy.

Michael's eyes darkened, and his body instinctively pressed down, his heavy breathing on top of Isabella's head making her blush.

She pushed Michael away, feeling extremely flustered. "Michael, are you beast? How can you react like this?"

Michael was naturally very lustful, and whenever he had sex with her, he would torment her all night. Now, with all the alcohol, if he took advantage of it, she would have no chance of escaping.

In the few seconds Isabella was thinking, Michael had already instinctively moved closer to her.

His large hand gripped her wrist, pinning Isabella to the edge of the tub, and his sexy lips slowly found hers.

The moment their lips touched, it was as if Michael had unlocked something deep within him, no longer just tasting lightly, but kissing her forcefully.

His other large hand wasn't idle either, smoothly peeling off her clothes.

He wanted her to be entirely his, so no one would dare take her away from him.

Isabella had no chance to resist. Michael's kiss, like him, was forceful and domineering, even controlling her breathing.

###chapter 164 I Secretly Kissed You?

As Michael's kiss grew deeper and his breath heavier, Isabella almost felt suffocated in his tight embrace.

She could clearly sense the desire building up in him.

If she didn't stop now, she had no doubt that Michael would make love to her right here without hesitation.

Isabella bit her lip and pinched his waist hard.

Michael frowned and stared at her in confusion.

Just a moment ago, she was enjoying it too. Why was she rejecting him now?

Isabella's face was flushed, and she was almost furious with Michael. "Michael, are you so desperate for sex? Can't you see where we are?"

Besides, he still had a high fever. But what bothered Isabella the most was herself.

They had just had a fight today, and they were supposed to be ignoring each other. However, because of one kiss from him, she almost gave in.

Because of her words, Michael sobered up completely.

His mind automatically recalled what had happened today at the Brown Villa, and the angry look in her eyes when she protected Nolan.

Thinking of that, the desire in Michael's eyes quickly faded.

He looked at Isabella beneath him, unable to say a word for a moment.

Then he got up and left, changed his clothes, and lay down on the bed with a heavy head.

Michael left so suddenly that Isabella sat in the bathtub for a long time, unable to react.

But thinking he was drunk, Isabella decided not to pursue it.

Looking at her soaked clothes, Isabella helplessly took a hot shower and changed into a clean robe.

When she came out, Michael was already asleep.

Seeing that, Isabella breathed a sigh of relief.

After a whole night of fuss, Michael finally quieted down.

Thinking about Michael's injuries, Isabella brought the first aid kit and checked his wounds while he was asleep.

Michael slept quietly, lying there peacefully. She lifted the blanket off him, unbuttoned his pajamas, and saw the scar that had just healed.

Perhaps because of the soaking , the edges of the scar were a faint pink, and some parts were already inflamed.

No matter when she looked at it, it always felt shocking.

If that knife had stabbed her, with her endurance, it was uncertain if she could have survived.

In this regard, she was grateful to Michael to save her life in a critical moment.

Taking out a disinfectant swab from the first aid kit, Isabella carefully applied the external medicine to his wound.

With each application, Isabella couldn't help but frown.

Didn't Michael know that he shouldn't drink alcohol with an injury? And he still had a high fever.

After treating the wound, Isabella took his temperature and gave him some fever medicine that wouldn't react with alcohol, finally feeling at ease to lie down.

After a whole day, not only was Michael exhausted and sleeping soundly, but she was also very tired.

Last night, she had chatted with Olivia until midnight, and Atticus had come over to talk, leaving her feeling off all day. Now, she wanted to sleep more than anyone.

Lying in bed, smelling the familiar scent of Michael beside her.

Isabella felt her eyelids getting heavy, and soon she fell into a deep sleep.

The next morning, Isabella was startled awake by a pair of deep eyes staring at her.

She sat up quickly, pulling the blanket tightly around herself. "Michael, are you crazy? Why are you staring at me so early in the morning?"

"I'm just curious. It's not like we haven't slept together before. Why are you so scared?" Seeing her first reaction upon waking was to avoid him, Michael felt an inexplicable frustration.

"Anyone would be scared if they woke up to someone staring at them, okay?" Isabella rolled her eyes at him.

Clearly, he was the one doing these strange things to her, and now he was blaming her?

"You should ask yourself if you're feeling guilty, which is why you react so strongly when you see me."

"If you're not feeling guilty, you won't react so strongly when you see me." Before Isabella could retort, Michael unbuttoned his pajamas in front of her, revealing a well-toned chest and defined abs.

Isabella was about to turn her face away when Michael suddenly questioned her, "Isabella, how did the mark on my neck come about?"

Isabella was stunned for a moment.

Michael, however, took her reaction as guilt.

He continued, "You know very well what kind of mark this is. Last night, it was just the two of us together. Did you take advantage of me while I was asleep and secretly kiss me?"

Isabella squinted her eyes and looked at the spot Michael was pointing to.

There was indeed a small red mark near his collarbone.

To reach that spot and leave such a mark, it could only be a kiss mark, and it looked like it was sucked out.

She instantly recalled the scene she saw when she opened the private room door last night.

Michael was surrounded by a dozen beautiful women, all vying for his attention, and he didn't refuse any of them.

Her previously puzzled thoughts suddenly became clear.

Isabella's face was now filled with coldness and sarcasm. "Are you kidding? Michael, you are really shameless. Why don't you reflect on yourself? Do you have the kind of charm that would make me want to kiss you forcefully?"

Michael touched his face, quite confident in his looks. "If I don't have that charm, who does?"

Isabella was silent, but she had to admit Michael's face was indeed very alluring.

However, she was no longer the same Isabella. No matter how good-looking he was, she wouldn't secretly kiss him at night.

"Mr. Brown, don't be full of yourself. Your words is enough to make anyone feel nauseous." Isabella, unable to hold back her anger, deliberately said things to provoke him.

"Really?" Michael raised an eyebrow. "I wonder who it was that cried and begged to marry me. Why didn't you feel nauseous then?"

Isabella, unable to out-argue him, decided to speak plainly. "That was in the past, not now. The more I wanted to marry you back then, the more I regret it now."

Isabella finally won a round, but Michael's face darkened.

As if provoked, he pointed to the mark on his neck and moved closer, asking, "Then explain this. If you regret it, why are you still thinking about my body?"

"Stop talking nonsense." Isabella was so angry that her face turned pale. "Michael, have you forgotten how you got to the bar last night? Your good friend Ethan called over a dozen beautiful women to help you relax, with all kinds of styles and types for you to choose from. But you got so drunk that he had no choice but to call me."

Hearing this, Michael squinted his eyes, as if questioning the truth of Isabella's words.

Meanwhile, far away at home, Ethan was sleeping soundly in bed, who was completely unaware that he had been sold out by Isabella.

###chapter 165 Then Let's Go Together

Isabella sneered at him.

Michael frowned deeply, slowly recalling the scene of Ethan drinking with him at the bar.

It turned out Isabella was right.

He did have such an image in his mind, but he couldn't prove his innocence in front of her.

He couldn't possibly tell her that he went to the bar because he was jealous of her being with Nolan.

He found a woman later because he heard her voice while drunk and called her over on purpose to provoke her.

His goal was to see if he still mattered to her.

As a result, he drank too much and didn't remember what happened afterward.

Originally, he wanted to take the opportunity to deceive Isabella, but in the end, he felt guilty.

Michael got up and went to the bathroom, looking at himself in the mirror. If the marks weren't left by Isabella, he would feel utterly disgusted.

He better not find out who it was, and Ethan, as his good friend, couldn't he stop him when he was drunk?

When he returned to the room, Isabella had already gotten up and changed into new clothes from the wardrobe.

Who knows what kind of quirk Michael has, liking to keep clothes in her size everywhere, even at the Brown Villa.

"I made breakfast. Aren't you going to eat?" Michael felt guilty about the hickey on his neck and just wanted to change the subject quickly.

He would talk to Ethan to understand the situation later.

"No!" Isabella put on her coat; she didn't want to see him at all right now.

Just as she was about to leave, she smelled the rich aroma of food coming from the living room. It seemed to be all her favorite dishes.

Isabella swallowed involuntarily; it smelled so good she couldn't move.

Michael noticed and smiled, saying at the right moment, "You should eat a little. You're in the pre-pregnancy period now; you can't go hungry."

They rarely ate together, and Michael's understanding of her taste was limited to a few dishes she had eaten at home.

So, he didn't spend much time making breakfast.

"Since you put it that way, I'll reluctantly eat a bit." Isabella glanced towards the living room, sat at the dining table, and looked at the dishes and soup in front of her, all specially balanced for nutrition, having a complicate feeling about it.

In three years of marriage, counting this meal, she had only eaten two meals he made, which were after she had filed for divorce.

The last time she ate with Aiden, she was already deeply moved.

And this time, it was specially made for her alone.

If he had done this for her before, she would have been moved to tears.

But now, she had decided to separate from him, and his belated change only made her feel worse.

Looking at the sincere dishes in front of her, Isabella bit her lip.

She picked up the utensils but slowly put them down again, realizing she shouldn't indulge anymore.

She had been married to him for three years, and he had loved Bianca for three years. She couldn't forgive his past just because of these small gestures.

Isabella held back her tears and stood up. "I suddenly remembered I have something to deal with, so I won't eat breakfast."

She hadn't forgotten her appointment with Nolan.

She had already missed one appointment with him a few days ago and couldn't miss another.

Michael's villa was in the city center, and it would take her about forty minutes to drive there. She was afraid she wouldn't make it in time.

"In such a hurry, or do you just not have an appetite for my cooking?" Seeing her about to leave, Michael felt a rare sense of panic.

"Yes," Isabella responded, implicitly agreeing with his words.

They had come to this point; what was the point of eating together? The outcome wouldn't change because of this meal.

"Alright, where are you going now, the company? I'll drive you." Michael didn't argue with her, wanting to do something considerate for her.

"No need, I have my own car." Isabella frowned, not used to Michael being so clingy.

"No way!" Michael blocked her. "We agreed that this is the pre-pregnancy period. You didn't eat breakfast and won't let me drive you; I can't let you go. How about this, I'll buy you something you like to eat on the way and watch you eat it before I leave."

Michael's serious demeanor made Isabella feel ridiculous.

They both wanted a child, but she wasn't even pregnant yet. Even if she were, it would take half a month to find out. Was he so eager to be a father?

Not wanting to expose his facade, Isabella blinked and asked, "Are you sure you want to drive me?"

"Yes." Michael's tone was serious.

"Alright, I'm in a hurry to meet someone at Evergreen City University. Are you coming too?" Isabella spoke bluntly.

Yesterday at the Brown Villa, he had heard her conversation with Nolan clearly and knew who she was going to see. He also knew what she was going to do.

So, she was waiting for his angry reaction and then leave.

But she underestimated Michael's patience.

"Yes!" Michael responded decisively and quickly, without any reluctance or anger.

This time, it was Isabella's turn to be stunned.

She forced a smile. "It's far from here to Evergreen City University. Going with me might delay your schedule. Your company is so busy; maybe you should reconsider."

She couldn't help but think, 'Oh God, why did I bring this up? If Michael and Nolan meet, who know if they would fight again?'

Yesterday at the Brown Villa, she could barely hold them back. This time, in the crowded university campus, if they fought, it would be a free live show.

But Michael didn't think so. He took the keys and walked out first. "No matter how busy I am, I have time to drive you. Let's go, don't waste time."

Even sitting in the passenger seat, Isabella couldn't figure out why Michael agreed to drive her to Evergreen City University.

He was so busy with work, yet he was willing to waste an hour or two driving her? Was he planning something bad?

Thinking of that she had to be on guard.

On the way, Isabella was full of thoughts, but Michael acted as if nothing was wrong. He took her to a breakfast shop first, and after eating, they arrived at Evergreen City University.

From a distance, Isabella saw two rows of people standing at the entrance. When the car stopped by the roadside, Isabella was stunned to see principal Travis West was there to greet her.

Before she could react, Michael had already gotten out of the car and shook hands with Travis naturally. "We shouldn't be late, right?"

Travis smiled. "No.Mr. Brown, it's our honor that you could take time out of your busy schedule to visit Evergreen City University. For this, on behalf of the school, I warmly welcome you!"

With a gesture from Travis, the students behind him shouted slogans louder and louder, and some even raised banners.

Seeing such a grand scene, Isabella was stunned in the car.

###chapter 166 He's Set His Sights on Another Woman Again

The banner had a line of text.

The banner had a line of text: [Welcome Mr. Brown to Evergreen City University for an academic exchange lecture.]

Isabella finally realized that Michael wasn't here just to see her off; he actually had work here, which was why he agreed so readily.

Outside, Michael responded with a smile, "Mr. West, you're too kind. Evergreen City University is my alma mater, and it's my honor to come back and contribute to the school."

Being praised by someone of Michael's status, Travis was so excited he was almost in tears.

"Mr. Brown, you're not as cold as rumor has it. As the CEO of the Brown Group, you still thinks of your alma mater all the time. It's truly touching," Travis spoke passionately, every word flattering Michael.

The people behind him applauded enthusiastically, only sabella couldn't help but sneer.

She was also a student from Evergreen City University. Such words might fool freshmen, but not her.

During her four years at the university, she knew Principal Travis' temperament well, who was was stingy and unreasonable.

She once saw Travis scold a boy to tears in the cafeteria just because he posted about the cafeteria and school's hygiene online.

If she wasn't so familiar with Travis' face, she would have doubted her own eyes.

Money really did make a difference. Travis had been buttering Michael up without getting tired

Michael and Travis entered the school together. Isabella originally wanted to follow and see what lecture Michael was attending.

But his influence was too great; the room was instantly packed, with many girls from other departments trying to squeeze in.

Isabella, feeling helpless, was about to give up and look for Nolan.

Suddenly, a familiar figure walked past her and headed straight to the podium.

Strangely, wherever she walked, it was as if there was some magic, and everyone instinctively made way for her.

Just like that, she smoothly walked up to Michael.

When Isabella saw the face clearly, she couldn't help but raise an eyebrow.

It was Violet, who had caused a scene at her birthday party.

Avoiding the crowd, Violet stood in front of Michael with an expectant look and said sweetly, "Mr. Brown, what a coincidence, we meet again!"

"Yeah. I didn't expect to see you here, Ms. Cooper." Michael, seeing Violet, just raised his eyebrows slightly, not feeling there was anything worth chatting about given their relationship.

"Mr. Brown, since we last parted, my longing for you has grown day by day. I wonder if you feel the same?" Violet's eyes sparkled, her words passionate and direct, making the people behind her gasp.

After all, Michael's status was obvious. If he took a liking to her, she might become wealthy.

Hearing this, Michael's eyes darkened.

Over the years, he had met many women, but it was the first time he encountered someone as bold as Violet in expressing her feelings.

Accidentally catching a glimpse of a familiar figure at the door, Michael had other thoughts.

He smiled slightly. "I'd like to hear how much you miss me."

Hearing his response, Violet's eyes lit up, and she looked at him seductively. "Mr. Brown, do you just want to hear it? Don't you want to touch my heart and feel it?"

Violet's bold behavior caused a stir at the scene, and many people below started to cheer.

The noise was so loud that it even caught the attention of Isabella, who was about to leave. Standing at the door, she could easily see the scene on the podium, especially the conversation between the two, which was relayed to her by these students.

Isabella's hands at her sides clenched.

She now wanted to punch Michael's hypocritical face, hoping to disfigure him so he couldn't flirt with women anymore.

In the morning, Michael had pretended to be a good man making her breakfast, but he was flirting with Violet now.

He liked this kind of atmosphere so much that even ten women at the bar last night couldn't satisfy him.

When Bianca was around, he wouldn't even look at her; now that Bianca was gone, he set his sights on Violet. In the end, the only person he didn't like was her.

Isabella could lower herself to this extent, probably just for the Wilson Group behind her and the child born from the union of the two families.

'Michael, this bad man, is full of schemes and tricks, with no sincerity at all.' She cursed in her head.

"Isabella, what are you doing here?" Behind her, Nolan, pushing a wheelchair, tugged at her hand.

Seeing it was Nolan, Isabella's anger subsided a bit. "Nolan, I was just about to find you. You didn't reply to my message earlier."

Nolan smiled. "Sorry. Today was my first public lecture at Evergreen City University, and I had my phone on silent."

Isabella didn't really blame him and nodded, asking about the situation, "Nolan, how was your public lecture? With your talent and years of dedication to music, you must have amazed everyone."

Nolan humbly smiled. "It was okay, not as exaggerated as you say. But the students were very supportive and all wanted to enroll in my class."

After speaking, he glanced towards the room and said to Isabella, "Isabella, I have a few minutes before my next class. Want to sit in my office?"

"Sure." Isabella agreed immediately, not wanting to stay and watch Michael and Violet flirt.

As she pushed Nolan away, she felt something was off.

As a professor in the music department, Nolan couldn't be unaware of Michael's lecture at Evergreen City University, yet he hadn't mentioned it to her.

However, recalling the confrontation between Michael and Nolan yesterday, Isabella could understand that Nolan didn't want to deal with Michael.

After sitting in the office for a while, Isabella followed Michael to the large classroom.

In the previous public lecture, Nolan had already demonstrated his skills, so this class was mainly in written form and interactive.

Isabella entered the classroom with Nolan and was naturally seated closest to him.

When the lecture began, Nolan opened his computer and used a PowerPoint presentation to show the history of piano music and the trends and changes in modern music.

On the podium, Nolan's tone was steady and compelling.

Through this course, Isabella learned that Nolan not only studied the piano but also had knowledge of other instruments.

And he could speak knowledgeably about each one, captivating the students below.

After all, who wouldn't like a handsome, gentle man who could play the piano like Nolan?

###chapter 167 The Fuse

The more Isabella listened, the more she felt that her knowledge was too superficial.

Nolan's affirmation made her feel guilty. She was afraid she would disappoint him.

After all, she only knew a few simple things, and they were without any theoretical logic.

The sound of a vibrating phone was noticed in the silent classroom.

Sensing everyone's gaze turned towards her, Isabella hurriedly covered the phone, her face turning red.

She had come in a hurry and forgot to put her phone on silent.

Seeing the call was from Thomas, she nodded apologetically towards Nolan on the podium and quickly left the classroom.

Moreover, she saw that there were several missed calls from five different uncles, all made when she had just entered the classroom.

It was noisy at that time, so she didn't notice.

Realizing there must be something serious, she quickly answered, "Uncle Thomas, is something wrong?"

"Isabella, are you with Michael right now?" Thomas' voice was urgent, as if he was in a hurry.

Isabella thought Thomas was urging her to go on a blind date again and replied, "No, Uncle Thomas, I'm not with him."

'Why would Uncle Thomas suddenly ask about Michael? Could it be that they had some plan against him again?' Isabella couldn't help but thought.

"Isabella." Thomas on the other end of the line seemed to have difficulty speaking, and after a long pause, he only called her name, even his voice becoming hoarse.

But the matter was urgent, he had to speak, "I have something to tell you, but you must promise not to get emotional, not to cry, okay?"

Hearing that, Isabella felt a pang of anxiety.

Although she didn't understand why Thomas was saying this, she calmly replied, "Okay, Uncle Thomas, go ahead."

Her worst fear was that her uncles had found out she was with Michael last night. If necessary, she could act spoiled; they loved her and wouldn't really want to see her upset.

But this time, she seemed to have underestimated the situation.

As soon as Thomas spoke, Isabella felt her mind go blank.

Thomas said, "Isabella, your grandpa has found out about your divorce with Michael, and now he's in the operating room. We don't know who left a phone in front of him, and he happened to see the rumors about your divorce. He even watched a few videos, and he got so angry that he had a heart attack."

"Isabella, are you still listening?" Thomas' voice brought Isabella back to reality. She pinched her palm, trying hard not to cry.

"Uncle Thomas, how is Grandpa now?"

Isabella was most afraid of Daniel knowing about these things and affecting his health.

Now, because of her, Daniel was seriously ill, which was more painful than killing her.

Thomas sighed and told her the truth, "The hospital has issued a critical condition notice. Fortunately, Dr. Gray has arrived. We are all here. Come quickly."

"Drive safely," Thomas added.

"Okay." Isabella hung up and ran outside.

'Grandpa, you must be okay. You always wanted me to have a child, your wish hasn't come true yet, how can you leave me like this?' She thought to herself.

She grew up with Daniel, and he was her biggest support.

Although she always caused trouble outside, she knew in her heart that it was because Daniel was there. As long as she came home, he would tolerate all her little tantrums.

Daniel would affectionately call her and wave her over. "Come here, let me see if you're hurt anywhere."

If Daniel was gone, she would go crazy.

Tears uncontrollably streamed down her face. Isabella's hands trembled as she started the car, gritting her teeth and counting the time until she reached the hospital.

In the hallway, her five uncles were all standing outside the operating room.

Seeing her arrive, Atticus came over and patted her shoulder, telling her not to worry, but anyone could see the heavy concern on their faces. They just didn't want her to be too sad.

But the more they did this, the more Isabella regretted and hated herself.

Daniel cared about her the most and didn't want her to get divorced.

But she was disobedient, doing one impulsive thing after another behind his back.

She even made the divorce public, making everyone laugh at them.

If time could go back, she wouldn't care if Michael threw a hundred birthday parties for Bianca.

Even if they divorced, she should have kept it a secret, not letting the outside world know.

That way, Daniel wouldn't be in this situation today.

He wouldn't be critically ill because of the consequences of her momentary satisfaction.

All these things eventually became a fuse to make Daniel Daniel critically ill.

If something really happened to Daniel, she should be the one to blame.

Just as Isabella was about to collapse, Michael quickly ran towards her.

He asked them, "How is Grandpa now? Where's the doctor?"

Isabella recognized his voice, but her body couldn't respond, not even wanting to look at him.

She only prayed to God for a chance to make amends.

As long as Daniel was okay, she was willing to trade anything.

"Mr. Brown, my dad's situation is none of your concern. This is a Wilson family matter. Please leave!" Atticus frowned, maintaining the last bit of dignity.

But Michael had no intention of leaving, who looked at Isabella with eyes full of concern, thinking she must be very scared right now.

"Isabella, I..." Michael nervously walked towards her, but Isabella suddenly stepped back, looking at him with anger and hatred.

She hadn't forgotten that not long ago, he was openly flirting with Violet in front of the whole school.

The fear and worry that had built up exploded at this moment. Isabella, with red eyes, pointed angrily at Michael. "Leave! You're not welcome here. Grandpa is in the operating room because of us, and you still want to come and provoke him? Or do you hope something happens to him so you can be with those women outside?"

Isabella was hurt to the extreme, her fingers trembling.

Michael felt a sharp pain in his heart; her words were like knives stabbing him.

But he wouldn't leave, knowing she was just too upset to think straight.

"Isabella, I never thought that way. Grandpa is my elder too; how could I wish for something to happen to him?" Michael explained.

###chapter 168 Continue to Play the Role of A Couple

The moment Michael received the call from the hospital, he rushed over in a hurry.

He even abandoned his school speech, fearing that something might have really happened to Daniel.

But he didn't expect that Isabella would think of him this way.

Just as Michael was about to say something more, the door of the operating room opposite suddenly opened.

A nurse pushed Daniel out from inside.

Sean, the attending physician, took off his mask and let out a long sigh of relief, "The surgery was relatively successful. We need to closely monitor him tonight. If there are no sudden complications, the crisis will be over."

"Thank you, Dr. Gray."

"Thanks to you for saving my dad, otherwise we really wouldn't know what to do."

The five Wilsons' sons sincerely thanked Sean.

Isabella immediately rushed to Daniel's bedside.

Then, a few of them took over the hospital bed from the nurse and carefully pushed Daniel to the intensive care unit.

No one paid attention to Michael, who was still standing nearby.

Sean saw him and nodded reassuringly before leaving.

In the ward, Isabella anxiously stayed by Daniel's side, while several uncles were scattered around, either standing or sitting, but all with a layer of coldness on their faces.

Seeing Daniel's face, already tormented by illness, now even paler, Isabella's heart ached.

But the most important thing now was to find out who had upset Daniel.

"Uncle Atticus, have you found out who showed the video to Grandpa?" Isabella asked.

It wasn't that she was overly suspicious, but the hospital's security had always been very good, and the outside news had always been tightly controlled.

Plus, the people around them would never let Daniel come into contact with such things.

How did they fail today? How did Daniel suddenly find out about her plan to divorce?

Atticus lowered his eyes and said in a deep voice, "We've already found out. It was your grandpa's bodyguard, Asher Warner. The phone was his."

"Asher?" Isabella frowned.

Daniel's personal bodyguard, carefully selected and trained by Daniel since childhood, had been with the Wilson Family since his teens.

He was especially loyal to Daniel.

Over the years, Daniel's safety had been largely due to him.

But Asher, such a meticulous person, how could he make such a low-level mistake?

"Didn't he know this would harm Grandpa?" Isabella couldn't figure out the reason.

She trusted Asher's character; he would never do such a thing to Daniel.

"How could he not know?" Atticus sighed, feeling helpless.

"If someone else had done this, it might be worth investigating. But if it was Asher, it can only mean one thing..." Atticus didn't finish his sentence, but Isabella already understood.

Asher only followed Daniel's orders. If he did this, it must have been because Daniel instructed him to.

"Atticus, you mean Dad already suspected?" Holden swallowed, finding it hard to believe.

Kian also chimed in, "Actually, it's understandable. Dad has been through so much. Isabella and Michael's act at the birthday party couldn't fool him; he just didn't have the evidence."

"Asher confessed on the spot and has already gone to accept his punishment." Atticus's words confirmed the situation.

No one was trying to harm Daniel; Daniel had sensed something was wrong from the beginning.

So he had Asher take out the phone and saw for himself the truth about Isabella and Michael's divorce.

It was all her fault for acting impulsively, exposing her hidden identity of three years, and making a scene about the divorce with Michael online. Everything started because of her.

"Uncle Atticus, what should I do? Grandpa can't take any more stress." Tears streamed uncontrollably from Isabella's eyes. She was so scared now.

Daniel was so angry because of her divorce, but now what could she do to make Daniel not feel hurt when he woke up?

Her mind was in a panic, unable to think of a solution to this problem.

Not just her, her uncles who heard this also exchanged glances, pursing their lips, not knowing what to say.

Finally, Atticus stepped forward.

He patted Isabella's shoulder, comforting her, "Isabella, since your grandpa already knows, explaining further won't help. Maybe we should just..."

Before he finished his words, Atticus was interrupted by a low voice from behind.

"Uncle Atticus, I have a way to make Grandpa not be troubled by this anymore." Atticus frowned upon seeing Michael still there.

Isabella didn't speak, not even giving Michael a glance.

Michael stood at the door, looking directly at Isabella by the bed, "Can you listen to me for a moment?"

Isabella glanced at him impatiently, "Say what you want to say and leave quickly!"

A ward full of people couldn't find a solution, what made him think he could?

Michael, who had been lingering outside the door, pursed his lips, stepped into the ward, and stood by the bed before speaking slowly.

"Grandpa's sudden illness, the divorce is just a trigger. What he really worries about is you." Michael's gaze pointed at Isabella, "If you are not happy in the future, how could he not worry? So we just need to solve this core issue, and Grandpa won't be troubled by it anymore."

As soon as he said this, the other five men in the room shot sharp looks at Michael.

They were all men; they knew what Michael was up to.

But Isabella's mind was entirely on Daniel's safety, not realizing anything else.

"How do you propose to solve the problem?" Isabella asked.

She only wanted Daniel to be safe and sound, nothing else mattered.

Michael quickly replied, "Grandpa doesn't want you to divorce, so we won't divorce. Let him see us being close and loving."

Before Michael could finish, Isabella interrupted him, "Michael, do you know what you're saying? We are getting a divorce!"

Michael, who had been calling for girls at the bar last night and entangled with Violet at school this morning, how could he have the nerve to ask her to pretend to be loving with him?

Isabella's straightforward words almost choked Michael.

Although she was telling the truth, he still felt hurt.

"I understand what you mean, so my suggestion is that we continue to act as a married couple in front of Grandpa until he believes it."

He continued, "And you've seen Grandpa's condition. If you insist on telling him the truth about our divorce, wouldn't that be even more cruel to him?"

Michael's words were reasonable, entirely for Daniel and her sake.

But Isabella sensed something unusual.

She thought, 'Is he really so kind-hearted? Or is he hiding some ulterior motive?'

###chapter 169: Everything Said is True

"Michael, what exactly are you up to?"

Isabella squinted her eyes and questioned, her tone extremely cold.

"What could I be up to? I just feel the same pain for Daniel as you do. You know it's not just Daniel who doesn't want us to divorce; it's hard to convince Grandpa too. Why don't we work together to solve this problem?"

Michael spoke sincerely, even mentioning Aiden in the end.

If it were before, Isabella would never believe these words could come out of his mouth.

He never considered how she had lived through these three years. If he really cared about these things, she wouldn't have reached the point of asking for a divorce.

But now, with Daniel's safety at stake, she had no other choice.

As long as Daniel could get better, she was willing to do anything.

Isabella tightened her grip and, after a moment, spoke to Michael, "Fine, I agree."

If acting could solve the problem, this sacrifice was nothing.

"But let me be clear, I can cooperate with you in front of Daniel, but once we leave this hospital, don't expect anything else from me."

Michael curled his lips into a wicked smile.

"Isabella, you're overthinking. What else could I want from you?"

They were married, after all. Wasn't it normal for him to have some thoughts?

Even if it got out, it would just show their marital affection.

Nothing more.

But to Isabella, it sounded like his true feelings.

Indeed, in his heart, she never had a place.

That was fine.

At least when they divorced, she wouldn't have to go back and forth with him.

Determined, Isabella looked up at her uncles standing nearby.

Atticus, who cared for her the most, saw her sacrificing herself for Daniel and his eyes instantly reddened.

"Isabella, I know how much you love Daniel, but have you thought about it? If you really plan to act in front of him, you can't back out. Unless Daniel passes away, will you keep acting forever?"

The other uncles shared the same thoughts.

Isabella was the cherished younger member of the Wilson Family, and now she was tying herself to Michael over a single word.

They wanted to expose Michael's intentions in front of Isabella, but seeing Daniel lying on the hospital bed, they couldn't say a word.

Isabella was making this huge sacrifice for Daniel. As his sons, what right did they have to say anything?

Isabella understood her uncles' dilemma, but she didn't want them to bear this burden. She was willing to do anything to save Daniel.

Facing her uncles, Isabella pursed her lips and said seriously, "I just want to see Grandpa wake up safely. I don't care about anything else."

Seeing Atticus and the others still looking serious, Isabella smiled helplessly.

"Uncles, don't be so pessimistic. Even if I reconcile with Michael, I'll still be the same person. Apart from changing where I live, nothing else will change."

Isabella made a promise to her uncles while constantly reminding herself.

Her mind was in turmoil.

She had finally decided to separate from Michael, even if it meant raising their child alone.

But now, things had changed, and she had to bind herself to him again.

She had noticed Michael's changes during this time.

If she got entangled with this new Michael, would she really not fall for him again?

But if she continued living in Grace's house, and Daniel heard any news, she couldn't bear the consequences.

Moreover, she couldn't explain it to Aiden.

With all these problems converging, she had to prioritize the most important one.

For her, Daniel's illness was the top priority.

The atmosphere in the room grew heavy.

At that moment, Isabella felt Daniel's hand move slightly.

Daniel slowly woke up on the hospital bed. The first thing he did upon opening his eyes was to tightly grasp Isabella's hand.

"Isabella."

Daniel's voice was weak and hoarse.

At nearly eighty-eight years old, Daniel had undergone two major surgeries in just a few months. How could it not affect his body?

"Grandpa, I'm here, I'm right here."

Hearing Daniel's voice, Isabella burst into tears.

All her previous thoughts and anxieties became unimportant upon seeing Daniel awake.

She just wanted Daniel to be well.

She was still waiting for Daniel to hold her child.

Daniel wanted to say something more, and Isabella quickly leaned in to save his strength.

"Grandpa, what do you want to say? I'm listening, and the uncles are here too. Tell me who you want to call."

Daniel shook his head, not even glancing at his five sons, and tightly held Isabella's hand with his thin fingers.

"Isabella, you, you all..."

Isabella leaned in closer, and hearing the first half of his sentence, her heart couldn't help but tighten.

Tears streamed down her face uncontrollably.

Even at this moment, Daniel was still concerned about her happiness.

Even though she was an adult and married, his first thought upon waking from surgery was not to blame her but to care and worry about her.

She took a deep breath, not wanting Daniel to see her distress. "Grandpa, don't worry. Actually, the divorce between Michael and me is fake. We've already reconciled."

Daniel took a breath and then smiled bitterly, "Isabella, don't lie to me. I saw everything. You both went to court. How could you have reconciled?"

"Grandpa, I'm telling the truth."

But Daniel, lying in bed, refused to believe it.

"Stop it, Isabella. I know your temper and how filial you are to me. Did you make up this story to comfort me because you knew I got sick over this?"

Isabella's heart skipped a beat.

Daniel was no fool. How could he not guess her intentions?

But even so, Isabella firmly expressed her willingness to reconcile with Michael.

"Grandpa, if you don't believe me, you should at least believe Michael. He was the one who brought Dr. Gray for you."

Michael quickly stepped forward, standing close to Isabella, and spoke to Daniel.

"Daniel, you heard right. Isabella is telling the truth. We did have some minor disagreements before, but we've reconciled now. Everything is fine."

"Have you really reconciled?"

Daniel stared intently at Michael. If there was even a hint of hesitation in his eyes, Daniel would see through his act.

But Michael's eyes were filled with sincerity.

He reached out and held Isabella's hand, promising Daniel, "Daniel, your wish is for Isabella to live a happy and joyful life. We share the same wish. We've been married for three years. Arguments happen, but we would never divorce over trivial matters."

Michael's words were so heartfelt.

Even Isabella almost got lost in his sweet talk.

Fortunately, she knew he was just acting along with her.

###chapter 170 Wholeheartedly

Seeing Daniel's expression soften, Isabella quickly took Michael's arm, pretending to be a loving couple.

"Grandpa, it's true. Look, we've already made up. Those news reports won't appear again."

Daniel, who had been somewhat satisfied with Michael, saw the panic in Isabella's eyes, and his recently calmed mood changed again.

He had taken care of Isabella for many years and could see through her thoughts with just a glance.

The air became unusually quiet for a moment.

After a while, Daniel, lying on the hospital bed, shook his head. "You don't need to say anymore. I just saw the news about your divorce. How long has it been since you reconciled? And you say you're not lying to me?"

"Isabella, how can I be at ease with you living alone?"

Daniel, who had been a dominant figure in the eastern part of Valoria for half his life, couldn't help but tear up at the thought of Isabella having no one to take care of her after he was gone.

He couldn't keep Grace when he was young, and now in his old age, he had to watch Isabella suffer.

How could he bear it?

Daniel, who had never shed a tear in front of others, was now crying because of Isabella's divorce.

This made Isabella feel as if her heart was being cut by a knife.

"Grandpa, don't be like this. I'm really not lying to you."

Seeing Daniel cry, Isabella couldn't help but cry along with him.

Just as she was about to take a tissue to wipe Daniel's tears, a large hand took the tissue from her. "Isabella, please step out for a moment. I want to talk to Daniel alone."

Michael's tone was serious and stern.

He didn't seem to be joking.

Isabella had no other options now. If she couldn't convince Daniel with this reason, she wouldn't be able to find any reason to put Daniel at ease.

Hearing that he wanted to talk alone, Isabella got up and asked her uncles to leave the room as well.

But considering Daniel's health, she and her uncles didn't dare to go far and just sat on the bench outside the door waiting.

Inside the room.

Michael sat where Isabella had been sitting, facing Daniel.

Daniel had seen enough of the news on his phone and knew how Michael had treated Isabella over the past three years, so his tone was naturally not pleasant.

"You cleared the room. What do you want to say?"

"I once thought of you as a trustworthy and dependable man, but now it seems you are far from a good person."

Under the Wilson Family's background, he had never thought of having Isabella marry for alliance, only wanting her to live happily according to her own wishes.

Not to follow Grace's path.

So the man he chose for Isabella didn't need any material conditions, just one thing.

He had to be of good character.

He had to be good to Isabella.

But no one expected that Isabella would end up choosing someone from the Brown Family.

Originally, he thought that with his friendship with Aiden, Isabella wouldn't suffer any grievances marrying into the Brown Family, but he never expected.

For the past three years, all the suffering Isabella endured came from Michael.

Michael wasn't even good to his wife Isabella, and Daniel didn't want to look at him at all.

Daniel could barely restrain himself from kicking him out, only because he didn't want Isabella to worry.

Sitting beside him, how could Michael not see Daniel's hostility towards him?

But he couldn't leave.

Even if Daniel slapped him, he wouldn't have any complaints.

"Daniel, I know you don't trust me, and I know how much you don't want to see me right now."

He paused, taking a deep breath. "But I still want to tell you the truth. I love Isabella, and I will never divorce her."

"Love?"

Hearing this, Daniel felt like he had heard the funniest joke of the century.

"How dare you say that after what you've done to Isabella? Do you even deserve to love her?"

After saying that, Daniel couldn't help but get angry.

"And I'm not your elder. In the future, Isabella will find someone else to marry, someone who truly loves her. Only then will I approve, understand?"

As the Gambling King, when had his granddaughter Isabella ever been bullied like this? There wasn't only Michael in the world.

Isabella could find any kind of man.

He said he wouldn't divorce just because he didn't want to. Who did he think he was?

The emotional turmoil made Daniel, who had just undergone surgery, breathe heavily.

Michael's face turned pale with fear. Daniel was someone Isabella wanted to protect even if she reconciled with him. How could he dare to provoke him?

"Daniel, please calm down. That's not what I meant."

He quickly explained, "I truly want to be with Isabella. I know I was a jerk before and didn't cherish her. Now I understand her importance. I just want her by my side, nothing else."

"You only want Isabella?"

Daniel frowned, clearly skeptical of Michael's words.

Back then, Isabella was so determined to marry Michael, she admitted to him that she had a crush on Michael for many years.

Could it be that Michael didn't know this?

Seeing Daniel's breath calm down, Michael didn't care about his dignity or usual cold demeanor.

"Daniel, I'm telling the truth. If you don't believe me, I can swear to you right now. If I'm lying, let me be alone for the rest of my life."

Michael desperately expressed his feelings for Isabella.

He had only one wish.

And that was not to divorce Isabella.

He wanted to be with Isabella for the rest of his life.

After saying that, he lowered his head, thinking about his coldness and neglect towards Isabella over the past few years, feeling immense regret.

"I know how much of a jerk I've been these three years. I kept trying to avoid her, but when she asked for a divorce, I realized I couldn't live without Isabella."

"Whether she still has feelings for me or not, I want to try again, as a way to make up for the past three years."

Hearing Michael's words, Daniel became more certain of his thoughts.

Isabella had never told Michael how she married him?

She had liked him for a long time, otherwise, she wouldn't have held on for three years without giving up on him.

Now, Michael also had a new understanding of their marriage.

He also understood his feelings for Isabella.

These two seemed to be slowly figuring out each other's feelings.

Now they just needed someone to push them.

So there was no need for him to insist on separating them.

"Michael, give me a straight answer. Are you telling the truth?"

Daniel's face was serious, and the pressure he exuded made it impossible to be reckless.

He had already made one mistake. Now, if he were to entrust Isabella to Michael again, he needed to see Michael's sincerity with his own eyes.

Michael's eyes lit up, and just as he was about to raise his hand to swear, Daniel interrupted him.

"I don't believe in those things. I want to see real actions. Can you be devoted to Isabella and love only her for the rest of your life?"

###chapter 171: Trying Hard to Get Pregnant

"I can, I want to give her a better life."

Michael explained with a bitter smile, "Actually, Daniel, now I can't leave her. I can't stand seeing her with another man, but I've hurt her too deeply. She might not forgive me for a while."

This time, Daniel no longer doubted the sincerity in Michael's words.

He understood Isabella's personality too well.

She truly loves, but if she gets hurt, she has the determination to let go.

But he could see that these two had feelings for each other.

They just weren't willing to express it easily.

Over time, even the deepest feelings can have problems.

"If there's something you can't say, I can help convey it."

Daniel genuinely wanted to help them avoid detours. Although he shouldn't interfere in young people's affairs, this was about Isabella.

He couldn't help but worry.

But Michael was a man with his own opinions and spirit. He knew that feelings couldn't be helped by others. He wanted to win Isabella back through his own efforts.

"Thank you, Daniel, but I want to do it myself."

Michael politely declined Daniel.

Daniel had already helped him many times. If it weren't for him bringing up the idea of having a child last time, Isabella wouldn't still be entangled with him.

Isabella didn't want to disappoint Daniel, which gave him this opportunity.

Now, because of his divorce from Isabella, Daniel was so angry. If Daniel didn't find someone to beat him up, it was already saving face for him. How could he dare to trouble Daniel further?

"Daniel, I now know my feelings for Isabella. I just want to take it slow with her. As for whether she will accept me again..."

"It depends on whether God gives me this chance."

He wouldn't let her go again.

His wife would only be Isabella, no one else.

As long as he persisted in staying by her side, even with Nolan around, he wasn't afraid. Sooner or later, her heart would only have room for him.

Seeing Michael's firm refusal, Daniel wanted to say something but feared hurting his pride.

Daniel sighed and let him be.

He had already offered his help, but Michael didn't want it.

In the future, if Michael couldn't win Isabella back, he couldn't blame him.

After all, he still cared for Isabella. Letting Michael suffer a bit might be good.

The two had reached a tacit agreement in the hospital room.

Unbeknownst to them, Isabella was already anxiously waiting in the hallway outside.

She didn't know what Michael was talking to Daniel about alone. It had been so long, and they still hadn't come out?

The hospital's facilities were excellent, and she couldn't hear a thing standing at the door.

Daniel had just woken up, and the doctor said he needed rest. What if Michael said something that upset Daniel?

The longer she waited, the more anxious she became. Isabella regretted agreeing to let Michael talk alone.

What could he possibly need to say without her?

Just as Isabella was about to knock on the door, it opened from the inside.

Michael's handsome face appeared before her.

Atticus glared at Michael and quickly went into the room to see Daniel.

The other uncles followed. They hadn't dared to interrupt earlier, but now that things were settled, it was their turn to talk to Daniel.

Isabella followed Michael to the window.

With her uncles with Daniel, she wasn't worried. Instead, she was curious about what Michael had discussed with Daniel.

"Michael, does Grandpa believe in our reconciliation now?"

Isabella went straight to the point.

Seeing her anxious expression, Michael felt a pang of sadness. She had never seemed so concerned about him.

But he wouldn't be jealous of Daniel.

He composed himself and said, "It's settled. Daniel won't doubt our relationship anymore."

"Really?"

Isabella was skeptical, "What did you do to convince Grandpa?"

She wasn't stupid, and Daniel wasn't easily fooled.

Michael smirked, "Of course, I used 'actions' to speak. Daniel said that as long as we have a child, he will believe."

Isabella was speechless.

Her face turned red instantly.

She thought Michael had come up with a good plan, but they were back to the topic of having a child.

But it made sense. If they had a child, their relationship wouldn't be questioned.

However, this meant she had to move back in with Michael, spend every day with him, and fulfill her duties as a wife every night.

"What, you don't want to? Or do you have a better idea?"

As Michael spoke, he leaned down, his warm breath tickling her ear, making her shiver.

Just as Isabella was about to move away, Michael pulled her into his arms, "Isabella, stop it. Come home with me."

Isabella's heart raced. To hide it, she quickly pushed him away.

Reluctantly, she said, "Got it."

Then she ran off as if escaping.

She couldn't afford to have any close contact with him now. Michael seemed to have an electric touch that made her lose her ability to think.

After leaving the hall, she suddenly remembered something.

She had been so preoccupied with Michael that she almost forgot about Harper.

She quickly called Jesse to check on the hospital situation.

Jesse reported, "Ms. Taylor, Harper was transferred from the ICU to a regular ward yesterday. But strangely, although her vitals are normal, she remains unconscious."

Isabella, fearing Harper might cause more trouble, instructed Jesse to keep a close watch and report any changes immediately.

But no one noticed that as Jesse stepped out with his phone, a woman in a black trench coat and sunglasses quietly entered the ward.

Seeing the lifeless Harper on the bed, the woman clenched her fists tightly.

Because the person lying there was her biological mother, Harper.

And she was Bianca, with a new identity.

She had investigated everything. Indigo was in prison, Harper was gravely injured and unconscious, and it was all related to Isabella.

Isabella had caused her to be sent to Auroria by Michael, and now she wouldn't even spare her family.

Isabella!

She would definitely seek revenge.

After calming down outside, Isabella returned to the hospital room.

Michael hadn't lied to her.

When Daniel saw her, his first words were to tell her to go home with Michael and live well.

Listening to Daniel's advice and looking at Michael standing beside her, Isabella could only nod, "I will, Grandpa."

Daniel's spirits had improved, so Isabella went back to Michael's villa with him.

But Michael didn't get out of the car. He had other matters to attend to and just dropped her off.

It wasn't until evening that she heard the sound of a car engine stopping outside.

###chapter 172: Who Said I Don't Like It

Here are all single-family villas, and the only one who would park outside is Michael.

Isabella felt an inexplicable tension rising in her heart.

But she didn't stop what she was doing.

Outside the door, Michael got out of the car and was immediately captivated by the aroma of food as he opened the door.

The housekeeper never stays overnight, so the only one at home now is Isabella.

So, she was the one cooking?

Michael felt a surge of joy and quickly made his way through the foyer to the kitchen.

He saw Isabella, wearing a floral apron, busy in front of the stove, with several freshly made dishes beside her.

He could hardly believe what he was seeing.

In his shock, he couldn't help but step closer.

He wanted to touch her, to confirm that everything in front of him was real.

This scene was not the first time he had dreamed of it. After a long day at work, he would come home to find her cooking, and she would sweetly say, "Welcome back."

But when he woke up, there was only an empty bed beside him, no her.

Now, it had all come true.

Just as Michael was about to touch her slender waist, Isabella suddenly turned around and noticed him immediately.

"What are you doing?"

She clearly noticed his action and frowned.

Michael awkwardly withdrew his hand, "I, I just wanted to help you."

Before he could finish his sentence, Isabella handed him a dish, "Fine, take this to the table. I still have a soup to make."

Michael was silent.

The tender moment was gone just like that?

But being able to enjoy the meal she made, he was already very satisfied.

As soon as the dishes were set, Michael was about to start eating when he noticed Isabella staring at him strangely.

"What's wrong?"

He looked down at himself, nothing seemed different.

Isabella was speechless, "Michael, don't you know to change your shoes when you come in? You're still wearing your dress shoes."

Michael then remembered that he had been too excited and ran straight in from outside, forgetting to change.

"Oh, I'll change them right away."

He quickly got up, went to the foyer to get slippers, changed into them, and washed his hands before sitting back down.

Isabella was stunned.

Since when did Michael become so obedient?

Whatever she asked him to do, he did.

So if she asked him to give her custody of the child in the future, would he agree just as readily?

If not, she could come up with an agreement and have him sign it without realizing it.

But Michael wasn't stupid; how could he not see through such a small trick?

Isabella was calculating her plan in her mind, ignoring Michael.

The dining table was silent.

They each ate their own food.

Michael wanted to find a topic to talk to Isabella about, but seeing her biting her utensils as if thinking about something important, he didn't disturb her.

After dinner, Isabella went to the bathroom to take a bath.

Michael, on the other hand, considerately took on the task of washing the dishes.

Sure enough, a man in a good mood is willing to do anything, and Isabella didn't bother to compete with him.

Soaking in a rose bath, Isabella began to think about another important issue.

She urgently wanted a child to reassure Daniel.

But having a child wasn't something she could decide alone, and it had been several days since they last made love, with no sign of anything happening.

She had to speed things up.

Even if she got pregnant, it would still take nine months.

This task couldn't be delayed any longer.

If necessary, she would take the initiative. After all, they had made love before.

If once wasn't enough, then twice. She would try all the positions the doctor taught her. She couldn't believe she wouldn't get pregnant.

To prepare for the passionate night ahead, Isabella carefully washed herself and sprayed on some seductive perfume.

When she came out in her bathrobe, Michael was already in the room.

He was still wearing his white shirt and black pants, but his shirt was unbuttoned a few buttons, exuding the charm and sexual tension of a mature man.

She couldn't imagine how much more attractive he would be when they got to bed.

"Ahem."

Realizing she hadn't done anything yet but was already having naughty thoughts about Michael, Isabella quickly averted her gaze and went to the walk-in closet to change into her nightgown.

She chose a pink camisole dress that was both sweet and sexy.

As soon as she walked out, Michael's fiery gaze fell on her.

He watched her walk to the cabinet, pour two glasses of red wine, and slowly walk towards him, her eyes like hooks, "Such a beautiful night, won't you have a drink?"

Her eyes sparkled, her lips were pink and tender, opening and closing as if silently inviting him.

Especially the alluring scent she exuded.

Just standing there, she had already captivated him.

There was no need for all this.

But he was happy to indulge in this kind of marital fun.

His throat moved, and he took a big step forward to take the glass from her, lightly clinking it with hers, "You're so forward tonight?"

Even knowing she was doing it on purpose, Michael's voice was hoarse.

He was deeply enchanted by her.

Hearing this, Isabella just raised an eyebrow slightly, her pink lips curling into a smile, "What, Mr. Brown doesn't like it? Then maybe we should call it off tonight..."

"Who said I don't like it!"

Before she could finish, Michael interrupted her eagerly.

Isabella's smile deepened.

Just as she was about to tilt her head back to drink the wine, Michael gently held her wrist. She looked up to meet Michael's worried expression and the undisguised desire in his eyes.

"You're trying to conceive, you can't drink."

Unlike Michael, Isabella now felt very awkward, like she was throwing herself at him.

That's why she wanted to drink, otherwise, when would she ever get pregnant?

She gently broke free from him, her voice seductive and coy, "Just one glass, it's not much, it won't harm my body."

Michael didn't stop her again.

Isabella sipped half the glass slowly, seeing him still staring at her, she smiled and asked.

"Michael, aren't you drinking?"

"Yes."

Michael downed his glass in one go, placed the two glasses on the table, and the next second, he scooped her up and threw her onto the bed.

Michael seemed impatient to make love to her, ignoring the fact that he was still wearing his shirt, he kissed her lips fiercely.

The passionate kiss quickly ignited their bodies like a flame.

The alcohol amplified the desire deep within, and Isabella, lying beneath him, couldn't help but moan softly, reaching out to respond.

Michael's breath became heavy, his large hand pushing her nightgown up, staring at her graceful body, with only one thought in his mind.

And that was to make love to her.

He forcefully tore off his shirt, shedding his clothes, and just as he was about to lower his head to kiss her.

A small, pink hand blocked his lips.

Isabella was also feeling uncomfortable, but she still tried to suppress her body's desire, her voice hoarse, "Michael, I want to talk to you!"

###chapter 173 This Woman Successfully Offended Him

"Talk?"

Michael moved closer to her body with a mischievous grin, his voice hoarse, "I'm like this, and you still want to talk, huh?"

Isabella's face turned red; Michael was exuding hormones at every moment.

It was making her thoughts almost chaotic.

But she hadn't forgotten her purpose; she had to get this agreement signed while Michael was most likely to agree.

"Let's talk about the child."

She looked up at him with a determined face, "I need you to sign an agreement personally to feel at ease."

Michael's narrow eyes half-closed, as if trying to see through her, "Agreement? Isabella, are you deliberately bringing this up now?"

Caught in her thoughts, Isabella's eyes flickered involuntarily.

She knew this wasn't a very honorable thing to do.

But she had no choice.

If she didn't take this opportunity, when would she have another chance to "coerce" him?

"Just tell me if you agree or not."

Isabella bit her lip and got straight to the point.

Might as well take a gamble.

The desire in Michael's eyes turned into curiosity; he stared at her intently, not getting up but maintaining this position to "talk" with her.

"In such a hurry?"

"Without knowing your conditions, how can I agree?"

He wanted to hear what little scheme she had in store for him.

She asked for an agreement when they divorced, and now for having a child too?

How could a child be divided?

Or did she never intend to be with him?

Isabella pursed her lips, "We both know how this child came to be, so if I do get pregnant, the child must be mine!"

To appease Michael, Isabella quickly added, "As compensation, I will transfer all the shares of the Brown Group that Aiden gave me to you. How about that?"

That was fifty-five percent of the Brown Group's personal shares; Michael, as the CEO, would definitely want them.

Anyway, she had already decided that she would leave with the child, and she wouldn't hold onto things that didn't belong to her.

"The conditions are tempting."

Michael gave a fair evaluation, but his eyes turned dark in an instant.

Sure enough, she had planned this all along.

That's why she agreed so readily at the hospital; she used him to have a child and could put on a show of marital bliss in front of Daniel.

She used him so thoroughly and discarded him so easily.

Isabella was indeed the woman he liked.

When she was ruthless, she was colder than him.

He couldn't help but wonder, if it were his brother Nolan standing in front of her, would she also bring out such an agreement and force him to sign it?

"So, you agree?"

Isabella's eyes lit up.

While she was happy, she also felt a bit disappointed.

Michael agreeing to sign so quickly showed how much she meant to him.

But this was good; the child would be hers alone in the future. As long as Michael didn't fight for custody, she was content.

But in Michael's eyes, her expression was heart-wrenching.

The child wasn't even born yet, and she was eager to get rid of him.

What did she take him for?

A tool for having a child!

Fine.

Isabella had successfully offended him.

He raised his eyes, his tone emotionless, "Why wouldn't I agree? Fifty-five percent of the shares is no small amount. Since you asked, of course, I agree."

The more he spoke lightly, the more obvious the pain was.

He was the heir of the Brown Group, a man at the top of the pyramid, and now he had to rely on a deal to have a child with Isabella.

And all of this was because of Nolan's appearance.

If it weren't for Nolan, how could Isabella have changed her mind so quickly, with her eyes only on him?

"So, can we continue now?"

The desire in Michael's eyes surged again, this time mixed with suppressed anger and unwillingness.

He just wanted to press her down hard, to make her eyes only see him.

Isabella didn't expect Michael to agree so readily. Faced with such a blatant hint, her body heated up.

But to have a child, sex was inevitable, and it might become more frequent in the future.

She took a deep breath, closed her eyes, and spread her arms, a resigned expression on her face, "Come on."

Michael was already eager to become one with her.

But seeing her tense body and the unwilling expression she was trying to endure, his desire extinguished instantly.

He couldn't force himself to continue.

His eyes darkened, he got off the bed, said, "You sleep first," and left the bedroom.

With Michael suddenly gone, Isabella didn't react for a moment.

How could he just leave?

Michael had agreed to her terms; shouldn't he be trying to "make a baby" with her now?

Or did he change his mind!

No way.

Isabella clenched her fists. She had worked hard to get him to agree to this agreement; she couldn't let anything go wrong halfway.

If he couldn't, then she would take the initiative.

After all, the child would be hers in the end; it didn't matter if she suffered a bit.

After waiting in the room for a while and not seeing Michael, Isabella decided to take the initiative and find him.

Before leaving, she changed into a more seductive nightgown.

She noticed the study light was on, so she walked to the door.

She gently pushed the door open with her fingers and saw him working on the computer. She didn't go in but stood at the door watching him.

Until his attention shifted to her.

Only then did she slowly use her fingers to slide the sexy strap off her shoulder, letting it fall bit by bit, finally stopping at her full chest.

The half-revealed look was the most enticing.

Coupled with Isabella's provocative expression, Michael's face remained unchanged, but his heart was already stirred.

She had been proactive before, but never as passionate as tonight.

But thinking about her purpose of having a child and leaving him, Michael's heart hardened.

Michael's gaze remained fixed on her, while he gave instructions on the phone.

However, Isabella continued.

Her silk robe fell to the ground, revealing her curvaceous figure. She kicked off her slippers and walked towards him barefoot, step by step.

Seeing Michael still looking serious, Isabella felt anxious and embarrassed.

She had a strong sense of self-respect, and doing this was entirely for the child.

But Michael had no reaction at all.

Just as she was about to retreat, her waist tightened, and she was lifted into Michael's arms.

She sat firmly on his lap.

His rough hands felt like they were on fire, making her skin feel incredibly hot, causing her heart to tremble.

She bit her lip, reaching out to climb onto his shoulders and kiss him.

Suddenly, a formal voice sounded between them.

###chapter 174 Too Anxious, Didn't Hold Steady

"Mr. Brown, that's the end of this quarter's report. Do you have any further instructions?"

The voice came from the phone.

Isabella then realized that the phone lying face down on the table had been on the whole time.

She thought he was just looking at the files on his computer, but it turned out he was in a voice conference on his phone.

Isabella felt a wave of panic.

She had just seduced Michael in front of so many people?

Luckily, it was a voice call and not a video call, otherwise, she would be too embarrassed to face anyone now.

Isabella's courage vanished instantly.

She just wanted to leave now.

But her body was firmly held by Michael, and she could only plead with her eyes for him to let her go.

She really didn't dare to seduce him at this moment. If she made any sound, her actions would be known throughout the Brown Group by tomorrow.

But at this moment, how could Michael possibly let her go?

He instructed into the phone, "Next department, continue with the report."

His cold voice carried no emotion, but who would have thought that he was doing whatever he wanted to her at that very moment.

His large hand lightly gripped her waist, and Isabella couldn't help but want to moan, but she held back in the face of the ongoing voice call.

Soon, the voice of the department manager reporting data came from the phone.

Michael seemed not to hear it, tightening his grip on her body and pulling her into his arms, his warm lips giving a faint warning in her ear.

"Don't make a sound, they will hear."

After saying that, his large hand moved up her thigh.

Realizing his intention, Isabella's eyes widened, but in the next second, she bit her lip tightly.

Michael, this madman, was touching her private parts.

And there was a voice conference with over a dozen people going on.

As the president, he was so bold to do such a thing openly.

Her body's reaction became particularly sensitive at this moment, and every move Michael made caused her to tighten up.

She thought he was just trying to take revenge on her, but Isabella never expected Michael to be so crazy.

He actually tore off her panties.

The small piece of fabric was played with on his fingertip before being thrown to the floor.

Isabella's face turned red, and she felt a sense of unease.

She wanted to get up and leave, but her wrist was grabbed by him, and her body was lifted and placed heavily on his already erect position.

"Ah!"

His huge size was hard and poked her painfully, bringing tears to her eyes.

But she forgot, the meeting was still ongoing.

For a moment, the room was silent.

Just when Isabella thought they had been discovered, the reporting voice on the phone continued, as if the phone had just lagged for two seconds.

Their voices were calm as if they hadn't heard anything or nothing had happened.

But Isabella knew that someone must have heard her voice just now.

She glared angrily at Michael in front of her, it was all his fault.

But at this moment, Michael had no other thoughts. Isabella had successfully seduced him, and now he just wanted to strip her naked and bully her hard.

In fact, Isabella was already wearing nothing but a thin silk camisole.

While Michael was still in his shirt and trousers, seemingly unaffected.

Only the hem of his shirt seemed to have a wet stain, like it had been stained with something.

Seeing what the stain was, Isabella's face turned red down to her neck.

It was from her body.

Michael's heavy breathing sounded in her ear, "Be good, help me undo it."

Her small hands were pressed against his cold belt, and Isabella realized what he wanted her to undo.

Isabella's eyes widened, he was crazy.

He wouldn't want to do it here...

But Michael didn't care, she had seduced him first, and now that she was in his arms, how could he let her go?

Her hands were controlled by him, undoing the belt and pulling down the zipper.

Just as Isabella's face turned red, her hands were pressed against his sprung-up huge object, and Michael's deep eyes signaled her to "move."

Isabella was momentarily frozen.

Then she saw Michael's mouth silently say, "Child."

Isabella was instantly a bit angry.

He was deliberately making her embarrassed.

Fine, wasn't it just being proactive?

She wanted to see if he really had no reaction at all.

Her small hands slowly gripped his huge object and moved slowly, until she saw a change in his eyes.

Isabella seductively stared at him, slowly moving her body closer, letting him watch as they perfectly fit together.

She bit her lip to keep from making a sound, but the flush on her face betrayed her.

He was too big, she couldn't fit him all in.

Finally, Michael's desire overcame his reason, and he couldn't help but frown and take a deep breath.

He reached out and turned off the voice conference, sweeping the obstructive files off the desk, and pressed Isabella onto the cold desk.

He just wanted to punish Isabella, who had made his body ache, and have sex with her right there.

But in the next second.

Isabella's voice came from below, "Michael, it hurts."

Michael's body tensed, and he saw Isabella in tears from the pain.

He nervously swallowed, "Let me see, where are you hurt?"

Isabella pushed him away, sitting on the desk with a resentful look, rubbing her ankle that had hit the edge of the desk, unable to speak from the pain.

Michael, this bastard, what did he think she was, pressing her onto the desk so hard, it was no surprise she got hurt.

Michael looked down and saw she was really hurt.

Her originally delicate skin now had a bruise.

He felt guilty, his mind blank.

Afraid of injuring her bones, he carried her to the bedroom to change clothes and went straight to the hospital.

When the doctor asked what happened, they both answered in unison.

"Slipped while taking a bath."

"Too hasty, didn't hold steady!"

It was late at night, and with the bath and not holding steady, the doctor naturally thought of another scenario.

After an examination, the doctor concluded.

"Don't be too rough during sex, it's easy to get hurt. This time it's fine, just apply some ointment when you get home."

Isabella's face turned red, glaring at Michael beside her.

It was all his fault, what nonsense was he talking?

As they left, the nurse on duty recognized them immediately.

She couldn't help but ask the doctor about it.

Nurse: "Isn't that Mr. Brown and Ms. Taylor? Weren't they talking about getting a divorce recently? What are they doing at the hospital so late?"

Doctor: "What else could it be? They were too rough in the bathroom, and one of them got hurt."

Nurse: "Wow! You mean they..."

Doctor: "Yes, just as you think. I don't know if their relationship is good or not, but I can tell you they won't be getting a divorce."

Nurse: "Why?"

Doctor: "Have you ever seen a couple about to divorce play so rough that they end up in the hospital?"

###chapter 175: Harper Escaped

Isabella sat on the bench outside, waiting for Michael to come back with the medicine.

Hearing the conversation inside, she wished she could dig a hole and hide herself.

Just then, Michael returned. Before he could say anything, Isabella gave him a fierce glare.

"It's all your fault. Now I'm the topic of everyone's gossip."

Michael didn't care at all. "What's there to be afraid of? We're married. Everything we do is legal."

He was asserting his dominance.

Only he could hold her and go wherever he wanted. Could Nolan do that?

"You."

Isabella was momentarily speechless.

"Michael, you'd better not do this again, or else I'll, I'll..."

She blushed, bit her lip, and couldn't get the threat out of her throat.

But her appearance made Michael's heart flutter.

How could she be so cute?

Clearly, she was the one who seduced him, and now she was threatening him?

He raised his eyebrows and deliberately provoked her, "Or else, what will you do?"

Isabella snorted coldly, "At worst, I'll just go for IVF. It's just a child. You only need to provide the sperm."

It would save her from being tormented by him.

"How dare you!"

Michael's face darkened instantly, clearly displeased.

Isabella raised her chin, "Why wouldn't I dare? Our agreement is about having a child. No one specified how the child should come about, right?"

Michael took two steps forward, leaned down, and looked her in the eye, "It's just a child. No need for IVF. I can make sure you can't get out of bed every day until you're pregnant with my child."

He spoke with absolute certainty.

Seeing the determination in Michael's eyes, Isabella's heart skipped a beat.

She swallowed hard.

She didn't dare not believe him.

Because he had the ability and strength to "make" it happen.

But the matter of the child indeed needed to be expedited. Only if she successfully got pregnant could she completely escape his control.

As the two of them were locked in a staring contest, a familiar figure came running towards them in a hurry.

"Ms. Taylor, something's happened. Harper is missing!"

The person running over was Jesse, who had been keeping watch at the hospital. Upon learning that Isabella was at the hospital, he didn't bother to call and came straight over.

Hearing that Harper was missing, Isabella instantly stood up, the sharp pain almost causing her to fall.

Fortunately, Michael was by her side. He scooped her up and took her to Harper's hospital room.

Seeing the empty room, Isabella angrily slapped the table.

"Where are the people I told you to watch?"

"Harper, someone who can't even move, managed to slip away under your watch. Is this how you do your job?"

As the heir to the Wilson Group, Isabella's aura was no longer the same as before.

A single sharp look from her was enough to intimidate her subordinates.

Except for Jesse, the others didn't dare to lift their heads, waiting for Isabella's punishment.

Making a mistake meant accepting punishment, even for the leader Jesse.

This was a rule they had memorized when they joined the Wilson Family.

And as their master, Isabella had the right to deal with them as she saw fit.

But Michael felt sorry for her.

Harper was the prime suspect in Grace's murder. Watching Harper slip away right before her eyes, Isabella's anger was unimaginable.

He stepped forward, holding her hand tightly, giving her strength and support.

"I've already asked about the situation. Her disappearance is very suspicious. Let me handle this. I'll find her. You should go back."

"I'm not leaving!"

"Michael, you don't understand my pain at all. Do you know what Harper and Bianca did to me? Letting Bianca go was one thing, but Harper is the one who killed my mother. How could I possibly let her go!"

Michael had underestimated Isabella's anger. All she could think about now was how Harper had escaped.

How did Harper, someone who couldn't even open her eyes, manage to evade both her and Michael's watch and get taken away?

Unless someone was helping from the inside and outside.

"It was you, wasn't it?"

Jesse would never go against her wishes. The only person who could have intervened was someone on his side.

Isabella's tone was certain, as if she had already determined that he was the one who helped Harper escape.

"Isabella, you don't trust me?"

Michael's face darkened, his heart aching as if pricked by needles.

But he also knew that Isabella was emotionally triggered and didn't mean it.

Isabella, with red eyes, shook off his hand.

"How can I trust you? The only people guarding the hospital were yours and mine. But now Harper is gone. I trust my people. The only suspicious person is you."

To move Harper out of the hospital so quietly, avoiding her people, only Michael could have done it.

Who else in Evergreen City had that kind of power?

Michael didn't want to have a meaningless argument with her at this moment.

He reached out to grab her again, "Isabella, calm down. Anger won't solve anything. Let me handle this, okay? I'll take care of everything."

"Let you handle it?"

Isabella sneered, "And then let you play me for a fool? Michael, do you still think you can deceive me with lies? Do you think I'll believe you again?"

Michael was almost amused by her stubbornness.

Seeing that persuasion wasn't working, he could only follow her line of thought, "You don't have to trust me, but think about it. If I really had that intention, why would I wait until now to act?"

The night Harper was brought to the hospital, he had stayed there all night.

Didn't she remember any of his good deeds?

He didn't have any leads now, but being wronged by Isabella was also very painful.

Their relationship had just started to improve, and their feelings were growing. They couldn't afford to have a cold war over a small issue.

But Isabella clearly didn't think so. "How do I know what you're thinking? Maybe you wanted to gain my trust first and then act. Isn't that your usual tactic?"

"Everyone knows you've already considered Harper as a future elder. Maybe you feel guilty towards Bianca and want to make it up to her."

Isabella guessed wildly in her anger.

"Isabella!"

This time, Michael was truly angry. "Even nonsense has its limits. When did I ever say such things? I have nothing to do with them. Stop overthinking."

After saying that, he directly ordered his people, "Take Mrs. Brown home. Guard outside and don't let her run out."

Michael's people quickly took action. Isabella's people only glanced over, not daring to intervene because of the command to "take Isabella home."

Even Jesse just frowned. Daniel had already sent word that no one was to interfere with the couple's relationship.

Otherwise, they would be going against Daniel.

Isabella couldn't struggle, and her legs couldn't move, so she had to obediently get in the car and leave.

Sitting in the car, she went over everything that had happened recently.

She had clearly spoken to Jesse on the phone in the afternoon, confirming that Harper was still in a coma.

How did she get taken away in less than half a day?

###chapter 176: Got Angry

One person returned to the villa and sat on the sofa in the living room.

Isabella gradually calmed down.

Thinking about how she had just questioned Michael in front of everyone, accusing him of being Harper's accomplice, gave her a headache.

She had been really angry just now, which is why she vented her anger on him without thinking.

But when she calmed down and thought about it, Michael couldn't possibly have done such a thing.

With his skills and power, if he wanted to help Harper escape, he wouldn't have waited until now.

On the day she had Harper locked up in the hospital, Michael could have easily forged a fake death certificate to deceive everyone, making it impossible for her to find Harper.

Moreover, that night he stayed at the hospital with injuries, guarding her all night.

She really shouldn't have wronged him without distinguishing right from wrong.

But at that time, she was so desperate to catch Harper herself that she couldn't control her emotions.

Suddenly, there was the sound of a car outside.

Michael was back.

He had already arranged everything at the hospital and rushed back because he was worried about Isabella.

Her emotions were unstable, and he was concerned she might overthink things alone.

Opening the door, he saw Isabella sitting alone in the living room, her eyes no longer filled with the impulsiveness and anger from earlier, but with clarity and calmness.

After all, she was Daniel's personally trained successor, able to control her emotions at will.

"Why are you back?"

Isabella asked him calmly, "How's the investigation going? Any leads?"

Michael looked at her in surprise, a slight smile forming at the corner of his mouth, "So now you believe I'm not the culprit?"

Isabella immediately felt guilty, "I just lost control for a moment."

"So you can just wrongfully accuse others?"

Before she could finish, Michael retorted.

Isabella felt even more embarrassed to argue.

After all, she was the one at fault.

"I was just too anxious, that's why I acted that way. Don't be mad at me."

In the end, she didn't even realize that she was unconsciously acting coquettishly, seeking his forgiveness.

Michael's anger had already dissipated the moment he saw her.

But he couldn't let it go just like that, or she might do it again next time.

"Is that it? You don't even have a sincere apology!"

Seeing her act coquettishly, Michael felt a tickle in his heart.

He wanted to hear more soft words from her.

After all, opportunities to make her yield were rare.

"Then tell me, what will it take for you to forgive me?"

She had said what needed to be said and had lowered her head. What more did he want?

Did he want her to kneel and beg for forgiveness?

"Isabella, look at me!"

Michael became serious, staring into her eyes, "From now on, no matter what happens, you must unconditionally trust me, got it?"

Isabella's heart trembled, and she nodded, "I got it."

She agreed not because she was intimidated by Michael's demeanor.

But because she didn't want him to keep pestering her to apologize. Their relationship had always started with arguments and ended with cold wars.

How was she supposed to know how to coax him or how to make him forgive her?

Seeing her like this, Michael was satisfied, made a sound of approval, and picked Isabella up, heading towards the bedroom.

Isabella nestled in his arms, wrapping her arms around his neck, eagerly asking, "By the way, you haven't told me how you arranged things at the hospital?"

"Did you find any clues?"

Before she could finish speaking, she was tucked into the warm bed, and then pulled into Michael's chest.

"Sleep!"

After a night of turmoil and forcibly restraining his desires, he had no other thoughts now, just wanting to hold her and sleep well.

"No way!"

Isabella's mind was filled with thoughts about Harper's disappearance. If he didn't say something, how could she sleep?

"Michael, just give me a hint. I just want to know the current situation."

The moment her eyes were covered, Isabella felt her senses magnify infinitely.

Michael's husky voice sounded in her ear, "Be good, sleep with me for a while, and I'll tell you everything when you wake up."

Isabella wanted to say something more, but Michael's steady breathing was already beside her.

He was too tired and fell asleep quickly holding her.

Isabella, helpless and unable to struggle out of his embrace, simply maintained her position in his arms and closed her eyes, lightly sleeping for a while.

Before long, she fell into a deep sleep.

When she woke up, it was already eight in the morning.

Instinctively, she looked to her side, but Michael's spot was already empty, with no sign of him.

Isabella gritted her teeth and pounded his pillow with her fist.

"Liar, he said he'd tell her about the doctor's situation when she woke up, but now he's gone."

She shouldn't have believed him!

Suddenly, her phone beeped.

Someone had sent her a message.

It was from Michael, "Heat up your breakfast yourself. I'll handle things at the hospital. You don't need to worry. I've also added more people to your side."

Only he could say such domineering words.

But the more Isabella thought about it, the angrier she got. She was the daughter of the Wilson Family, when did she fall to the point of needing Michael's protection?

And by Michael's people?

She didn't need that!

Moreover, he sent the message as soon as she woke up. Was he protecting her or monitoring her?

Isabella got up, tidied herself, and immediately called Jesse and the bodyguards who were at the hospital.

Last night, she was too anxious to listen to what they had to say, only blaming them.

Now she needed to sort out the events.

Finding Harper was the priority.

Jesse and the others arrived quickly, even before Isabella finished her breakfast.

They stood in a line in the living room, waiting for Isabella's instructions.

Though they stood far away, Isabella noticed their faces were uniformly pale.

It seemed that after she left last night, they had all been punished.

This was the Wilson Family's rule, and even Jesse was no exception.

After all, Harper had escaped under their watch, and the blame was on them.

Isabella wouldn't interfere. She finished the breakfast Michael had made and sat down in front of them.

"I called you here because I have some questions. When Harper disappeared from the hospital, did you see anyone suspicious?"

Jesse, as her head bodyguard, had more responsibilities than just this, but since Isabella had entrusted this matter to him, he couldn't escape the blame even if he wasn't on the scene.

So, Isabella called everyone over.

Her goal was to find out where the problem lay.

Catching Harper was the priority.

Jesse spoke first, "Ms. Taylor, it was indeed my oversight. When you called me yesterday, Harper was still in the ward. But when I returned, she was gone."

"We checked the surveillance and all the exits, but couldn't find her."

###chapter 177: Is She Bianca?

Jesse's loyalty and ability were never doubted by Isabella.

"Then how did Harper disappear? She couldn't have just vanished into thin air, right?"

Isabella squinted her eyes and turned her gaze to the other three people besides Jesse. "You were guarding outside the ward. It's impossible that you didn't notice anything?"

The bodyguards shuddered, and one of them replied, "Ms. Taylor, we were taking turns to grab something to eat, but we made sure there was always someone at the door."

"But somehow, when we looked into the ward in the middle of the night, we found that Harper was gone!"

They were telling the truth.

Harper, a living person, disappeared right in front of them, and they were puzzled too.

But the fact was right in front of them, and they had no choice but to believe it.

Isabella rubbed her chin, puzzled. "Besides nurses and doctors, who else could have had access to Harper?"

Isabella was lost in her thoughts, but her words reminded Jesse.

He turned to ask the other three, "Have you seen any strangers in your area at the hospital in the past two days?"

Although Harper wasn't in a vegetative state, she was unable to take care of herself, so the ward was surrounded by critically ill patients with caregivers or family members.

If a stranger appeared, the bodyguards would have noticed.

"Mr. Turner, there was indeed such a person."

Isabella's eyes lit up and she urged him to describe the person's appearance.

"Yesterday afternoon, after Mr. Turner left, a woman in a white dress, with long hair and sunglasses, appeared outside the ward. When we approached her, she said she had entered the wrong ward and quickly left."

The bodyguard recalled the scene, "But I felt her expression was a bit strange."

"How was it strange?"

Isabella pressed on.

For some reason, when she heard about the long dress and long hair, the first person that came to her mind was Bianca.

But then she remembered that Bianca had been sent to Auroria by Michael, so she dismissed the thought.

However, there was another person who gave her a similar feeling, and that was Violet, who had caused trouble at her birthday party.

She also had long straight hair and liked to wear long dresses.

The bodyguard continued, "The woman seemed to be crying when she came out. When she saw us, she quickly put on her sunglasses and left."

His words reminded Isabella.

No wonder she always felt that Violet seemed familiar, but she couldn't pinpoint why.

Now that she thought about it, it all made sense.

Violet was Bianca.

Violet was proficient in piano, had an obsession with Michael, and even shed tears for Harper.

Who else could it be but Bianca?

Harper was her biological mother. Seeing Harper lying in the hospital bed, how could she remain indifferent?

But how did Bianca become Violet? The two looked completely different.

Even if she had plastic surgery, Bianca couldn't have recovered so quickly without any traces.

Although she had a conclusion in her mind, it was still just her speculation.

She had no evidence to prove that Violet was Bianca.

She had to see this Violet in person.

Violet was at Evergreen City University. Isabella had Jesse take the others and drove straight to Evergreen City University.

She wanted to see for herself if this student Violet, brought back from abroad by Nolan, was her sister Bianca, who had been sent to Auroria, or if she was simply Violet.

Evergreen City University had become quite famous because she and Michael had both appeared there yesterday, attracting many reporters.

They were waiting at the entrance, hoping to capture a picture of the two together.

After all, their divorce was a hot topic online.

If they could capture something, it would immediately make the headlines.

Who wouldn't want such fame and fortune?

When Isabella arrived at the school and saw the scene, she put on her sunglasses to cover her face.

Fortunately, the security guard at the gate recognized her car and quickly let her in.

As she drove past the gate, some conversations drifted in from outside.

Isabella deliberately slowed down the car.

"I heard Michael came to the school early in the morning and went to the music department. I wonder who he's looking for?"

"Are you sure you saw correctly? Mr. Brown was invited by Evergreen City University to give a lecture to the finance department. Why would he go there?"

"I'm not mistaken. Mr. Brown did go to the music department. I heard he was looking for Isabella. She was hired as a music teacher by Evergreen City University. Maybe they've reconciled."

"Really? I thought they were on the verge of divorce. How could they have reconciled? Are they just playing with the netizens?"

"Who knows? But don't you think the news about their divorce has disappeared online recently?"

With a press of the gas pedal, the car drove into the campus.

The discussions stopped abruptly for Isabella.

She wasn't interested in their conversation, but what was Michael doing here?

Wasn't his lecture over yesterday?

She shook her head, dismissing the thought. She was here to find Violet.

She had been here yesterday and knew where the music department was.

Isabella found Violet in the piano room.

It was lunchtime, and the students were not around.

Only Violet was sitting in front of the piano, lightly playing a love song.

Isabella leaned against the door frame, watching her.

She should have realized it sooner.

How could Violet play the piano so well when she was just a student?

Bianca, as a music special recruit, had been sent abroad by Harper for further studies three years ago and returned with the title of a piano prodigy.

No wonder Violet dared to challenge her at her birthday party. It was because Violet had the confidence.

When the piece ended, Violet, in a pink and white dress, seemed to notice Isabella for the first time and politely stood up, asking, "I was too absorbed and didn't notice Ms. Taylor's presence."

"Is there something Ms. Taylor needs?"

Isabella coldly curled her lips, not wanting to waste words.

She directly stated her purpose, "Violet, I'm here to see you today!"

"Oh?"

Violet smiled, her expression showing no surprise, only a nonchalant smile. "I don't have such a deep connection with Ms. Taylor. What do you need from me?"

Isabella glanced around and raised an eyebrow. "It's not convenient to talk here. How about I treat Ms. Cooper to a meal, and we can chat over food?"

This Violet was calmer than she had expected.

Isabella could only test her.

If she was really Bianca, she would be guilty and wouldn't dare to agree.

But Violet smiled proudly at her, "I'm sorry, but I have an appointment later. He's very important to me, so I apologize, Ms. Taylor."

Violet's words said she was sorry, but her eyes showed no apology. Instead, she looked at Isabella with a face full of pride.

As she finished speaking, she seemed to see someone, and her eyes lit up.

Isabella turned around and saw Michael in a well-tailored suit.

###chapter 178: He Is Not in Her Heart

Last night, Michael was still whispering sweet nothings to her in bed, but as soon as he woke up, he couldn't wait to meet Violet.

It seems those reporters outside had a reason to be there.

Michael is a flirt to the core.

Luckily, she wasn't completely fooled by his facade, saying things like "leave everything to me," how ridiculous.

Men, none of them are trustworthy.

Isabella suppressed her anger and put on a perfect smile, "So the person who had an appointment with Ms. Cooper is Mr. Brown?"

"Now it seems my appearance has disturbed your pleasant time!"

She squinted her eyes, looking Michael and Violet up and down, appearing calm on the surface but feeling like she was about to explode inside.

But to Michael, Isabella's expression seemed like she didn't care about him at all.

When did he say he was dating Violet?

She clearly promised him last night that she would trust him unconditionally, is this how she trusts him?

Even if she showed a hint of anger, he would be happy.

But she never cared about him.

Michael smiled bitterly, in the end, it was all just his wishful thinking, Isabella didn't care about him, so why would she care about him now.

The tension between them grew stronger, making Violet seem like an outsider.

She calmly spoke in an innocent tone, "Ms. Taylor, I'm really sorry, it was my words that caused the misunderstanding."

"Mr. Brown came to visit the school today, and the teachers asked me to accompany him. At this time, I thought it wouldn't be good for Mr. Brown to dine alone, so I decided to keep him company."

As Violet spoke, she kept glancing at Michael with undisguised love and affection in her eyes.

Isabella felt even angrier.

They were so blatant, did she need Violet to come over and explain their date details?

Especially Michael, who didn't say a word.

Wasn't he feeling guilty!

"Ms. Cooper, you misunderstood. My relationship with him ended long ago. When the time comes, we'll get divorced. He can be with whoever he wants, date whoever he wants, I couldn't care less."

Hearing this, Michael's face immediately darkened.

Divorce when the time comes?

She had planned all this out, didn't she? Did she not even care about Daniel?

But hearing this made Violet secretly happy, unable to hide the smugness on her face.

Seeing this, Isabella couldn't help but raise an eyebrow and deliberately said, "I almost forgot to tell Ms. Cooper, the person Michael likes is named Bianca, my half-sister. You, at best, are just a temporary interest for him."

"Maybe he'll get tired of you in a few days, so don't get your hopes up too high. After all, a man's heart changes quickly."

Isabella's words were a thorough scolding of Michael.

But at this moment, Isabella's eyes were fixed on Violet's reaction.

No matter how upset she was, she didn't forget her purpose for coming here.

If Violet was Bianca, she couldn't have no reaction upon hearing Bianca's name.

But strangely, when Violet heard these words, she instinctively glanced at Michael, with deep envy in her eyes.

"So Ms. Bianca Taylor is the one Mr. Brown truly likes. She must be very beautiful and gentle, otherwise, she wouldn't have won Mr. Brown's love."

Isabella frowned.

Violet's reaction was too calm, not like she was pretending.

This wasn't the result she wanted, maybe Violet wasn't Bianca?

Regardless, she couldn't get the answer here now.

Looking at the tall and silent Michael in front of her, Isabella was very angry and turned to leave.

She feared she would start cursing if she stayed another second.

Watching Isabella leave, Michael's eyes deepened, but he didn't follow.

Seeing this, Violet felt even happier.

She outwardly advised Michael, "Mr. Brown, Ms. Taylor has left, aren't you going to chase after her?"

Michael's eyes darkened, and he spoke with a hint of amusement, "Ms. Cooper, are you willing to push me away? Didn't you say you wanted to play the piano for me, that's why I'm here?"

Isabella could think of this, how could he not?

Isabella left angrily, and as soon as she reached the first floor, she received a call from Nolan.

Thinking about how she left without a word yesterday because of Daniel, Isabella quickly answered the call.

Nolan's deep and pleasant voice came through the phone, "Isabella, I heard from the students that you're at the school?"

"Yes."

She was planning to find Nolan.

"Nolan, where are you, in your office?"

"No, I'm in the music room, are you coming over?"

Nolan's tone was expectant.

"Okay."

Isabella agreed decisively, asked for the location, and went over.

When she reached the door, she heard Nolan talking, with two students beside him asking questions.

When Nolan looked over unintentionally, he met Isabella's eyes.

They smiled at each other.

The students beside them nodded and thanked Nolan before leaving.

As they passed by Isabella, they smiled ambiguously.

It made her a bit embarrassed.

At this moment, Nolan, sitting in a wheelchair, spoke, "Isabella, why are you at the school today? I remember the school didn't schedule any classes for you, right?"

This question made Isabella pause.

After a while, she found a not-so-reasonable reason, "I was bored at home, so I came over to take a walk and see my future students."

She couldn't say she came specifically to investigate his student Violet.

And accidentally ran into Michael here.

The most frustrating part was that Violet and her nominal husband Michael were on a date at this moment.

Just hearing it made her scalp tingle.

She better not tell Nolan.

Nolan is such a clean person, saying it would only dirty his ears.

Nolan smiled and shook his head.

Clearly, he didn't believe that the head of the Wilson Group would leisurely come to the school for a walk and a look around.

Moreover, the school was full of students, secrets couldn't be hidden.

Nolan casually asked, "Isabella, did you know Michael was here, so you came over?"

Isabella was stunned, avoiding Nolan's deep eyes.

"How could that be? Why would I come to find him? I just came to look around."

Before coming, she didn't know Michael was here.

After arriving at the school, she found out Michael had come to find Violet, even to the school.

She should have known he wouldn't change his nature, she wouldn't have believed a word he said.

"Alright, you two haven't divorced yet, what's there to hide between a couple, have you learned to lie?"

Nolan had an "I understand" expression.

After all, Michael's fame was bigger than a celebrity's, his appearance caused a sensation in the whole school.

###chapter 179: Indirect Inquiry

Besides this, there is another important reason.

That is, Nolan knew about Isabella's years of secret crush and affection for Michael.

So, in front of him, she didn't need to disguise herself.

"Nolan, I'm really not doing this for him."

In front of someone who understood her, Isabella's explanation seemed powerless.

Because only she knew how much it hurt and angered her to see Michael walking towards Violet.

"I understand, so Isabella, don't make things difficult for yourself."

Nolan's voice was gentle, like a soft breeze healing her.

"Nolan is still the best."

Isabella genuinely thought so.

Nolan looked at her and suddenly said, "Isabella, now that I've returned to the States alone, you're the only person I can trust. I cherish the time we've spent together and our past."

"So, I don't want you to distance yourself from me."

"I won't, you'll always be my friend."

Isabella assured him, walking over to Nolan and slowly squatting down, "Nolan, believe me, I'm still the same person, our relationship won't change."

Facing Nolan's sudden low mood, Isabella felt nothing but heartache.

To think that Nolan used to be such a confident and cheerful person, capable and excellent, but now his legs couldn't walk, and he wasn't valued by the Brown Family.

He was even slandered by Michael about his relationship with her.

If it were her, she might have collapsed long ago.

But Nolan had bravely walked out of the predicament, adjusted his mindset, and became a teacher.

Thinking about this, she felt even more heartache for him.

It must have been something Michael said to Nolan that made him like this.

Isabella bit her lip, not wanting Nolan to overthink, and suggested going for a walk.

"Nolan, the sun is shining outside, let me accompany you for a walk by the lake."

There was an artificial lake on campus, surrounded by many flowers and plants, which was her favorite place when she was at Evergreen City University.

"Alright, with Isabella accompanying me, anywhere is fine."

Nolan nodded appreciatively.

Arriving at a small garden by the lake, Isabella pointed to a blooming rose bush and said, "Nolan, look, how beautiful."

Nolan followed her gaze and saw Isabella squatting on the ground, smelling the flowers.

She looked so enchanted.

Very cute.

He couldn't help but say, "If only time could stop at this moment."

Isabella turned around at his words, smiling as she replied, "It would be boring if time stopped, people always need to look forward."

"I'm still waiting for you, Nolan, to become the confident and cheerful Nolan again, and I will find someone willing to spend a lifetime with me. At least when we both find our happiness, it won't be too late to stop time."

When she spoke of her wish, the first person that came to Isabella's mind was Michael.

But the possibility of spending the rest of her life with him was too small.

Given his flirtatious nature, she might as well have a child and let the child accompany her through this long time.

After hearing this, Nolan's gaze fell on Isabella, and he said thoughtfully, "Then let's hope we both find our own happiness."

Seeing Nolan's mood lighten a bit, Isabella's eyes flashed as she remembered something important.

"By the way, Nolan, you haven't told me about your time abroad since you came back. It must have been tough living alone abroad all these years, right?"

When Nolan left, she didn't even get the news.

She only knew that there was a change in the Brown Family, and then Nolan disappeared from the country. It was three months later when she heard about him again.

Although she wanted to find out about Violet's background from Nolan, she was equally heartbroken and worried about his sudden departure abroad.

Nolan just smiled faintly at her words, "There's nothing tough about it. When I knew I had no way out, I just slowly persevered."

Before Isabella could ask more, Nolan raised his eyes and looked at her seriously.

"Isabella, have you been well these past three years?"

Not only was she worried about him, but he also thought about her situation all the time during his three years abroad.

Her love for Michael was something he wanted but couldn't have.

So, he couldn't face it and had to escape.

But now he was back, and she was right in front of him, yet he could only treat her as a friend.

Perhaps Nolan's voice was too gentle, touching the softest part of Isabella's heart. She seemed to understand Nolan's earlier words, "When you have no way out, you just slowly persevere."

Wasn't she the same?

She knew Michael didn't love her, yet she stayed by his side for three years without hesitation.

She smiled bitterly, "Just like that, good or bad, it's all in the past."

"But I feel that the current Nolan is somewhat different from the previous Nolan."

Nolan's face tensed up, but he still looked at her calmly, "Really? Then tell me, how have I changed?"

Isabella stared at him, blinking suddenly, "I can't pinpoint exactly, but the old Nolan wouldn't hide things like this. Even if I didn't ask, he would tell me everything."

Nolan chuckled, as if seeing through her intentions.

"Isabella, you can ask me anything you want to know."

"Really?"

Isabella's eyes lit up, "Then tell me about your experiences in Seraphis, and also about that student Violet you brought to my birthday party. What's your relationship with her?"

Isabella tried not to make her questions too obvious, as she didn't dare to play tricks in front of Nolan.

"Violet?"

Nolan was a bit surprised, "Why are you suddenly asking about her? She's just a student of mine."

Before he could finish, he seemed to think of something, and his eyes changed.

"Isabella, are you curious about Violet's identity because of Michael?"

Isabella hesitated for a moment, but to avoid arousing Nolan's suspicion, she nodded and admitted.

"Nolan, actually, I haven't been completely honest with you."

"I came here today to find Ms. Cooper and apologize for what happened at the birthday party, but who knew Ms. Cooper had an appointment with Michael, so I was left alone."

"You mean, Michael asked Violet out?"

Nolan's tone was full of surprise.

Isabella nodded aggrievedly, "I ran into them as soon as I got to the classroom. Michael said he was there for an inspection, and Violet was arranged to accompany him on the tour. There was no place for me, so I was about to leave when I got your call."

Then, Isabella found a legitimate reason for herself.

"Nolan, you know how deeply I love Michael. He hasn't divorced me yet, and he dares to be with Violet in front of me. How can I bear it? So, I just wanted to find out about Violet's situation from you, as my last attempt to give up."

After saying this, even she almost believed it.

To win back the flirtatious Michael, she specifically came to inquire about Violet's identity.

Probably no one else in the world was as foolish as she was.

###chapter 180: Not Returning Home at Night

Nolan sighed softly after listening.

"Isabella, with your qualities, you don't need to compromise yourself like this. Since you've decided to divorce him, stop paying attention to his matters and let yourself go, okay?"

His voice carried a hint of heartache, but if you listened closely, there was also a touch of persuasion.

"Nolan, I really can't let go!"

"I've liked him for so many years, but he has no feelings for me at all. First, there was Bianca occupying his heart. Finally, Bianca left, and now there's another Violet. How can I bear this?"

Perhaps she was truly unwilling to accept it, and a wave of bitterness surged in Isabella's heart.

Her eyes instantly turned red.

Isabella's call of "Nolan" softened Nolan's heart.

"I don't know much about her information, only that she has a good background and her family is very influential locally. But they are very secretive and don't easily let outsiders get close."

Nolan only said this much, but Isabella's mood became even heavier.

Nolan seemed to have told her everything he knew, but in reality, it wasn't much help to her.

"Then, Nolan, have you ever met her relatives abroad?"

Isabella changed her approach.

Since she suspected that the person who went to the hospital to see Harper was Violet, she increasingly felt that Violet was Bianca, who had been sent to Auroria.

But if what Nolan said was true, that Violet had a powerful family background behind her, then the probability of her being Bianca was very low.

After all, Bianca's parents were only Indigo and Harper. Where would she have relatives abroad?

Nolan's eyes tightened, and a flash of brilliance passed through his deep gaze.

Facing Isabella's expectant eyes, he gently shook his head.

"I haven't met her relatives. As for her background, it was mentioned when the school filled out the records."

Hearing this answer, Isabella secretly made a comparison.

If Nolan had indeed met Violet's family, she would have dismissed her suspicions.

But since even Nolan hadn't met her family, it indicated that Violet was indeed suspicious.

As for how she managed to transform from Bianca into another person in such a short time and return to the country, Isabella had no idea.

However, with her intuition and familiarity with Bianca, she dared to bet that Violet was Bianca.

The atmosphere suddenly became quiet.

At this moment, Nolan said, "Isabella, it's getting late. Let's go back."

Isabella snapped out of her thoughts, met Nolan's gentle and bright eyes, and smiled, nodding, "Okay."

As they passed by the teaching building, it happened to be the one she had just visited to find Violet.

A tall figure stood by the window, clearly seeing the two figures downstairs.

Michael's eyes quickly filled with anger.

One was his wife Isabella, who had slept in his arms last night, and the other was his injured brother Nolan. The two of them looked so happy together that anyone would think they were a perfect match.

He knew it. Isabella came here for only one reason, and that was to find Nolan!

"Mr. Brown, how was it? Did I play well?"

After finishing a piece, Violet got up and softly asked when she saw Michael staring out the window in a daze.

Michael turned around, and the emotions in his eyes changed so quickly that it was as if nothing had happened.

He raised an eyebrow and looked at Violet with a deep expression, "Ms. Cooper, your piano playing is naturally excellent. It can make people unconsciously get lost in it, unable to extricate themselves."

Michael's voice was low and magnetic, with a hint of teasing.

Just hearing these compliments made Violet's heart flutter, and her face turned red.

She was completely unaware that Michael's gaze had already changed.

On the other side.

In the music classroom, Isabella was invited by Michael to perform a classic piece on stage.

When she finished, the audience erupted in applause.

Everyone was impressed by Isabella's playing skills and talent.

Nolan was the most supportive. After class, Isabella pushed Nolan out and couldn't help but laugh.

"Nolan, the students in class haven't seen me play the piano before, but why were you also joining in the fun?"

"Because in my heart, Isabella is the best piano master. No one can shake your position."

Nolan said proudly.

Outsiders only saw her superb skills, but he had deeply engraved the unique scenery of her playing the piano in his heart.

No one else could understand her thoughts at that moment.

"Nolan, you're the only one in the world who praises me like this. I just know a few more techniques. I'm not as great as you say."

Isabella shook her head with a smile.

It seemed that only Nolan would affirm her musical talent like this.

If it were Michael, who knows what he would say about her?

After all, he liked the way Bianca played the piano for him.

As for her style, he didn't care at all.

When they reached the first floor, Isabella's phone suddenly rang.

Seeing the number, she didn't even think about it and directly hung up.

Michael?

Wasn't he busy dating Violet? Why was he calling now?

The next second, the phone rang again.

Isabella was a bit angry and directly turned off her phone.

Nolan, who was watching, thought Isabella didn't want to answer the phone in front of him but was curious about who was calling her.

So he asked, "Isabella, why didn't you answer the phone? Is it inconvenient?"

Isabella had already put her turned-off phone in her bag and casually replied, "It's a spam call, no need to answer!"

Nolan nodded in relief.

He looked at Isabella standing in front of him and thought for a moment before asking, "Isabella, I don't have any classes this afternoon. Do you want to come to my place for a visit?"

After saying that, he worried that his words might offend her and quickly added, "If you don't have time, it's okay. No pressure."

"Sure, Nolan. I haven't been to your place since you moved here."

Isabella didn't want to go home anyway!

Having a place to go was naturally better.

Meanwhile, Michael, who had been hung up on twice, was listening to the voicemail saying "the person you are calling has turned off their phone," and was so angry that he almost threw his phone.

He sat on the couch, his face darkening with anger.

It was already afternoon, and Isabella still hadn't come back.

Did she really enjoy spending time with Nolan so much, chatting from noon to afternoon?

What could they have so much to talk about?

Michael took a deep breath, forcing himself not to care. After all, Isabella had promised Daniel that she would have a child with him.

She couldn't possibly not come back.

Unfortunately, Michael underestimated Isabella's determination this time and also underestimated Nolan's place in Isabella's heart.

He waited from 3 PM to 6 PM, and it was already dark outside.

Isabella still hadn't come back!

When he called, it was still the cold message saying the phone was off.

Michael was furious, his hand shaking as he picked up the phone, unable to bear it any longer.

He drove straight to Nolan's place.

###chapter 181: Adultery

After Nolan returned to the country, he didn't stay a single day at the Brown Family's house. He moved directly from the hotel to the house arranged by the school.

As a dignified music professor, he surely had a private suite.

Just thinking about Isabella being alone with him at this time made Michael's anger surge to the top of his head.

Under the night sky, Michael's luxury car sped down the road, making a piercing sound.

At the same time.

Isabella had just finished touring Nolan's small house and had just sat down when Nolan asked her if she wanted a drink or juice.

Isabella, remembering she was still in the pre-pregnancy period, chose juice.

When she received it, she didn't know Nolan had already opened it for her. She twisted it hard, and a large area of her clothes got wet.

Unfortunately, she was wearing white clothes today.

The color and sweet smell stuck to her clothes, and she immediately stood up, "Nolan, um, can I use your bathroom?"

"Sure, go ahead."

Nolan pointed her in the direction.

Isabella quickly ran over, closed the door behind her, and looked at her extremely messy self in the mirror, feeling very frustrated.

How could she go back like this? If Michael saw her, who knows how he would mock her!

No way!

She couldn't let him see her like this.

But if she used water to wash it, she would have to take off her clothes, hand wash them, and then dry them.

But what would she wear?

Just as Isabella was in a dilemma, there were two knocks on the bathroom door.

Nolan's voice came from outside, "Isabella, I have a set of school uniforms here. The size is a bit small, I haven't worn it, it's outside the door, remember to take it."

After speaking, Nolan pushed his wheelchair and left.

After a while, Isabella opened the door and indeed saw a new set of clothes outside, still in its packaging.

She felt a warm feeling in her heart.

Nolan was still as gentle and considerate as before.

Isabella picked up the clothes and put them on. Although the clothes were a bit small for Nolan, they were two sizes too big for her.

But that was good too. She zipped it up, wrapping herself tightly.

She washed the clothes she had taken off with clean water and put them in the washing machine to dry.

Fortunately, the weather had turned cold, and she had already added an extra layer inside, so it wasn't too awkward to just wear the outer layer.

In the living room.

Nolan was cleaning up the water stains on the floor when suddenly someone started banging on the door.

The heavy sound made him suspect that the person was using their fist to pound on it.

"Nolan, I know you're in there. I'll count to three. If you don't open the door, I'll break it down!"

Michael's voice almost echoed throughout the entire house, making it hard for Isabella not to hear.

She hurriedly opened the door and ran out.

This Michael was really crazy!

It was bad enough that he came to the school in the middle of the night, but now he was banging on Nolan's door so rudely. Did he think he could act so arrogantly anywhere?

Nolan opened the door, and as soon as it was opened, Michael rushed in.

With bloodshot eyes, he grabbed Nolan, who was sitting in a wheelchair, "Where's Isabella? Where is she? Did you hide her?"

When Isabella arrived, she was about to retort to Michael about his behavior with Violet during the day, but she froze when she saw his face.

In three years of marriage, it was the first time she had seen him so furious.

His eyes were bloodshot, the veins on his forehead bulging, and his whole demeanor seemed like he was ready to kill someone.

He no longer had any of the usual noble and wealthy young master's demeanor.

Nolan was almost choked to the point of not being able to breathe until Isabella spoke up, and he was thrown back into the wheelchair.

"Michael, are you blind? Can't you see I'm here? Let go of Nolan!"

Isabella was speechless.

She really didn't know if he did it on purpose, coming at this exact moment. Even if he had come ten minutes later, her clothes would have been dry.

"Michael, do you even know where you are? This is Nolan's house. How dare you act so wildly here!"

"You even want to break down the door. What do you think you're doing?"

Isabella was extremely angry at Michael's behavior.

Nolan was, after all, his elder. Even if he didn't show the basic respect, he actually wanted to lay hands on Nolan?

But Isabella didn't notice the increasingly dangerous aura around Michael.

The clothes Isabella was wearing were clearly men's.

In this room, at this time, she had changed into Nolan's clothes.

What had happened between them was obvious.

It only took a moment for anger and hatred to surge in Michael's heart, and his eyes were already bloodshot as he angrily said to Nolan, "What did you do to her?"

Nolan's eyelids twitched hard, knowing that Michael had misunderstood.

He explained, "Michael, you misunderstood. Isabella and I are not what you think."

"What do I think?"

Michael laughed coldly, his fists clenched, "She's wearing your clothes, and you dare say it's not what I think."

"Also, as my brother, you kept my wife Isabella here in the middle of the night and were so intimate with her. Tell me, which part of this is a misunderstanding!"

Nolan was choked by these words and couldn't say a word.

His face also became troubled.

It wasn't that he couldn't explain, but he didn't want Isabella to be talked about like this.

At this moment, Isabella stood up and blocked Nolan, "Michael, stop slandering Nolan. Nolan has treated me like this since before we got married. Why can't we be close after marriage?"

"And I came here voluntarily. It has nothing to do with Nolan."

"Voluntarily?"

Something in Michael's nerves was triggered by this sentence. Seeing her stand up for Nolan, he couldn't control himself and pulled her out of the door.

"Isabella, you're coming with me now."

"I won't allow you to stay by his side for one more second."

"Michael, let go."

Michael was so strong in his anger that he didn't listen to a word Isabella said.

Nolan, pushing his wheelchair, couldn't catch up with them.

Isabella was directly dragged and carried into the back seat of the car by Michael.

She thought Michael would take her straight home, but to her surprise, he squeezed in as well.

His heavy breathing was right by her ear, and before she could push him away, Michael locked her hands and pushed them above her head, controlling her completely.

"Isabella, you can't escape. Tell me, how far did you go with Nolan?"

Michael gritted his teeth, his tone and eyes full of anger.

But Isabella was stunned by his question.

How far?

Did he think she and Nolan had that kind of relationship?

Isabella was speechless. Did he think everyone was like him, always thinking about those things?

"Michael, if you're sick in the head, go to the hospital. Don't wrong us. I see Nolan as a brother. Do you even hear yourself?"

Michael didn't believe her at all.

"You won't admit it, huh? You're even wearing his clothes. Didn't you just take a shower after making love?"

"Nolan's legs are crippled. Can he satisfy you?"

###chapter 182 Unforgivable

His relentless questioning felt like slaps on Isabella's face.

She was just a little late coming back, and he dared to slander her like this?

Nolan had always been a man of integrity. If he knew that his own brother Michael was spreading such vile rumors, he would be deeply ashamed.

Isabella's heart turned cold.

But Michael had no intention of letting her go.

He turned her body to face him and tore off the offending men's shirt she was wearing.

He even ripped the thin layer of her inner clothing, exposing her body clad only in underwear and revealing her smooth skin.

He didn't care whether she was willing or not.

"Isabella, tell me the truth, where did he touch you?"

"Was it here, or somewhere lower?"

Michael, in a frenzy, touched every part of her body, but all he got in return was Isabella's silence.

He was going crazy thinking about what they could have done in the room all afternoon.

What kind of intense affair would leave her clothes torn and make her change into Nolan's clothes?

Just the thought of it made him want to kill someone.

As her skirt was pulled down, Isabella had no time to stop him.

Because Michael was on top of her the next second.

Looking at the dark night outside, Isabella's whole body screamed rejection, "No, no, Michael, this is at school, don't touch me!"

Even if the car was parked in a secluded spot, any noise would surely attract a lot of students.

She was the daughter of the Wilson Family and the heir to the Wilson Group.

She was not Michael's plaything to be used at his whim.

She had her dignity.

"Let go, Michael, if you dare touch me, I will never forgive you for the rest of my life."

Unfortunately, Michael had already been overwhelmed by anger and deep hatred, breaking his last line of defense. He only wanted to possess her completely.

He couldn't hear anything except his own frenzied heartbeat.

Including Isabella's pleas.

He wanted to check her private parts himself to see if she had really slept with Nolan.

Otherwise, he would go mad with suspicion.

Her body was suddenly turned over, facing the car window, her legs forced into a position convenient for him to enter.

Isabella felt like she was being treated as a mere sex toy.

"Ah!"

Michael's sudden and uncoordinated entry made her cry out in pain, and the next second, tears streamed down her face.

The tight and dry passage hurt Isabella and also brought Michael back to his senses.

He had been intimate with Isabella more than once and knew what her body was like after making love, but now, Isabella's body had no reaction at all.

Not even a hint of arousal.

Michael suddenly realized what he had done; he had forced Isabella in the car.

And he had misunderstood her.

Like being struck by lightning, Michael quickly withdrew his body. He helped Isabella up, ready to hold her in his arms, but was suddenly struck by the sight of her tear-streaked face.

"Isabella."

Michael swallowed hard, knowing he was wrong, but he was still shocked by the cold hatred in her eyes.

At this moment, Isabella couldn't speak.

She was filled with hatred.

Hating herself for marrying a man like Michael.

Hating herself even more for not listening to Daniel and her uncles' advice.

If she hadn't married Michael, she wouldn't have had to endure his three years of emotional abuse and now be treated like a sex toy.

She not only suffered herself but also brought shame to the entire Wilson Family.

Michael, she would never trust him again.

"Isabella, don't be like this, it's my fault, I apologize, I was just too impulsive, can you forgive me this once?"

Michael was truly scared.

He had never felt such raw fear and hatred in Isabella's eyes.

Isabella looked like she could leave him at any moment.

He didn't want their hard-earned time together to disappear like this.

He was completely panicked.

He tried to grab her hand, but Isabella didn't give him the chance.

She slapped him hard across the face.

In the confined space of the car, time seemed to stand still.

Only Isabella's heavy breathing could be heard.

Michael didn't get angry at all. As long as she was willing to forgive him, he wouldn't mind even if she stabbed him with a knife.

"Michael, I will never forgive you, never!"

Isabella gritted her teeth and said.

She quickly put her clothes back on, pushed open the car door, and left right in front of him.

The loud slam of the door made Michael's heart tremble.

Isabella was gone.

He was left alone.

Looking at his unbuckled belt and pants, Michael deeply realized how beastly he had been.

Thinking of Isabella's eyes filled with hatred, Michael raised his hand and slapped himself hard.

Isabella had only slapped him once, so he slapped himself on the other side.

How could he have doubted her and Nolan?

Even if she had feelings for Nolan, if they really wanted to be together, Isabella's character wouldn't have waited until now.

And certainly not in a sneaky manner; she had always been straightforward and honest.

Only he had dirty thoughts and couldn't see the truth.

Now, he just wanted to sincerely apologize to her and express his feelings.

Thinking of this, he hurriedly took out his phone to call Isabella.

But as soon as he dialed the number, he was met with a message that her phone was off.

Michael patted his head.

He had forgotten that she had turned off her phone.

Even if it wasn't off, she wouldn't want to see him right now.

He sent her a message, hoping she would see it as soon as she turned her phone on.

He first asked if she had gone home, but the message was immediately rejected.

She had blocked him.

Seeing this, Michael scratched his head in frustration, hating himself for what he had done.

Now, he really didn't know how to ask for Isabella's forgiveness.

On the other side, Isabella drove her car back to Grace's Garden Villa.

When she got home, she turned on her phone and immediately received a call from Nolan.

"Isabella, did you and Michael have a fight?"

Nolan had chased after them in his wheelchair but had lost sight of them. He was very worried about Isabella's safety.

After all, Michael's state and emotions at the time were truly frightening.

And he was the core reason for their anger.

So, he couldn't sleep without hearing Isabella's voice.

Isabella changed her shoes at the door, went to the living room sofa, took a deep breath, and said, "Nolan, I'm fine, you don't need to worry about me."

Michael had said those things in front of Nolan and forcibly took her away, so it was normal for Nolan to be concerned.

But Isabella knew this had nothing to do with Nolan.

It was Michael's own dirty thoughts that made everything seem dirty.

###chapter 183: Sincere Apology

"He treated you like that, how could I not worry? But knowing you're okay is enough for me. I don't care about the outside world, I just want to see you well."

Nolan's gentle words slowly came through the phone.

They provided Isabella with the sense of security and acceptance she needed at the moment.

In an instant, she couldn't help but tear up.

Everything that had just happened felt like a trip through hell, leaving her cold all over. It was Nolan's gentleness and magnanimity that pulled her back.

"Nolan, I'm so glad to have you, thank you."

This was the first time she had formally called his name.

At this moment, she just wanted to consider him her most important confidant.

Without worrying about anyone else's opinions or thoughts.

Just a friend who truly understands her.

"Why are you being so polite with me?"

Nolan's voice lightened up a bit, and he laughed as he continued to comfort her over the phone.

"I understand Michael's personality. When he loses his temper, he doesn't care about anyone around him. After all, he was spoiled at home and can't change. Don't take it too much to heart; it's not worth getting upset over."

Isabella understood this well.

Michael was the person she had chosen, for better or worse, she had to learn to accept it.

She couldn't change others, only herself to accommodate him.

But now, she no longer wanted to compromise herself.

"It's his problem if he can't change, but I don't have to be with him."

The series of actions in the car made her realize just how vile Michael was at his core.

She didn't want to have any more relations with him.

"Nolan, the issues between us are unsolvable. You don't need to persuade me anymore."

The moment Michael ignored her pleas and forced her, it was already destined that their paths had come to an end.

She didn't want to hear Michael's name at this moment.

She just wanted to be alone quietly.

Just as Isabella was about to hang up the phone, Nolan suddenly mentioned something that piqued her interest.

"Isabella, I overheard you on the phone today. Are you looking for someone?"

Michael instinctively explained, "I didn't mean to pry into your privacy. I just wanted to tell you that if you need my help, you can always ask. Although I haven't been in the country for years, I still have a few reliable friends. Finding someone in Evergreen City isn't difficult."

Isabella was indeed worried about this matter, and with the fallout with Michael, she couldn't turn to him.

Given Nolan's capabilities and connections, he might really be able to help her find Harper.

"If it's not too much trouble, Nolan, I really want to ask for your help. The person I'm looking for is Harper, whom you also know."

"She suddenly disappeared from the hospital last night, and now there's no clue."

Having known each other for many years, Nolan was somewhat aware of Isabella's situation.

"Okay, I understand. I'll have someone keep an eye out."

Nolan agreed decisively, assuring her not to worry about it.

He promised to inform her as soon as he had any news.

Isabella's long-standing distress improved because of Nolan's phone call.

On the other side.

Michael returned home alone, pushing open the door to find the house in darkness. Isabella hadn't come back, and his mood plummeted.

She was really angry with him.

She refused to come back to their home.

He was back to living alone, sleeping alone.

But if she didn't come back here, where would she go?

It was either the Garden Villa left by her mother, Grace, or back to the Wilson Family.

Michael shook his head.

Isabella valued Daniel the most, and it was unlikely she would go back in the middle of the night after an argument. The only possibility was the Garden Villa.

With this thought, he finally felt relieved.

Early the next morning, Michael rushed to Isabella's residence.

But the room was already locked, and she wasn't there.

The only place Michael could think of was the Wilson Family.

Isabella had promised Daniel that she would often come home to accompany him after he was discharged.

Having slept only a few hours, Michael hurriedly turned around and left, not forgetting to buy some expensive gifts on the way, and arrived at the Wilson Family's door.

After the last surgery, knowing that the two had moved back together, Daniel's worries were finally eased.

With Sean's consent, he was brought back home by his five sons.

Michael, carrying the gifts, was thinking about how to ask Daniel about Isabella's whereabouts.

In the blink of an eye, he saw Isabella standing behind Daniel in casual home attire.

She was wearing a loose gray sweater, her hair casually tied up, revealing her long neck, exuding an elegant and noble aura.

He had been blind before, thinking she was a vulgar person?

At this moment, Isabella naturally saw him too, but she didn't even give him a glance.

She continued to massage Daniel's shoulders, chatting with him.

"Grandpa, how's the pressure?"

Daniel squinted his eyes and nodded in satisfaction, "Not bad, Isabella's technique is getting better and better. Which massage master did you learn from?"

"Grandpa, you're overestimating me. I'm just massaging your shoulders. How could I have learned from a massage master?"

Isabella cleverly avoided the topic.

If Daniel knew she had specifically sought out a massage therapist to learn the techniques, he would blame her for wasting time.

But she genuinely wanted to do something for Daniel, not wanting to have any regrets when he was bedridden.

"You still want to hide it from me..."

Before Daniel could finish his sentence, he was interrupted by a crisp and pleasant "Grandpa" call.

Michael, with a brisk pace, handed the gifts to the servant beside him and quickly approached Daniel.

"Knowing you were back, I thought I'd come to see you. But looking at your complexion, you don't look like a patient at all, more like a young man with a rosy face."

The flattery was directed at Daniel, but Michael's eyes were fixed on Isabella the whole time.

His gaze was deep and earnest, longing for her to look at him.

Daniel, sitting in the middle, immediately understood his intentions and the purpose of his visit.

These two must have had another argument?

Thinking back to the day before yesterday when Michael confidently told him not to interfere, and now, he still couldn't handle Isabella.

"So it's Michael, no wonder you're so good with words."

"Sit!"

Daniel waved his hand, instructing the servant to serve tea.

But at this moment, the last person Isabella wanted to see was Michael. She had already retreated to Daniel's place, yet he shamelessly followed.

Didn't her words last night make it clear enough?

Isabella bit her lip, not wanting to show her displeasure in front of Daniel. As soon as Michael sat down, she spoke up.

"Grandpa, I'll go to the kitchen and make you something to eat."

She had just taken a few steps when Michael urgently blocked her path, "Isabella, please don't avoid me anymore. I really know I was wrong!"

Seeing this, Daniel got up and left, giving the two enough space.

###chapter 184: Can't Find Her, He's Going Crazy

He could endure her being angry with him, but he couldn't handle her completely ignoring him.

That only made him more anxious.

He felt like she could leave him at any moment.

"Let go!"

Isabella frowned, shook off his hand, and said coldly, "Stay away from me, I don't want to talk to you."

If he had known it would come to this, why did he act that way in the first place?

When she begged him in the car, he couldn't stop humiliating her.

And now he thinks he can just say he's sorry and move on?

It's utterly ridiculous.

"Isabella."

Michael was reluctant to leave, but at that moment, his phone rang.

It was a call from the Brown Villa.

He quickly answered, and Aiden's strong voice came through.

"Michael, where have you been messing around? It's been days, and you haven't come home. Where's Isabella? Where did you take Isabella?"

Hearing that Aiden was also looking for Isabella, Michael's eyes flashed, and he immediately said, "Grandpa, Isabella is right here with me. How about we come to see you tomorrow?"

If he asked Isabella to go back, she would definitely refuse.

But if it was Aiden asking, she would surely go.

Hearing that they were together, Aiden was relieved and agreed.

"Alright, then come over tomorrow, and make sure to bring Isabella. I haven't seen her in days."

Michael looked deeply at Isabella and agreed readily on the phone, "Got it, Grandpa. We'll come to see you tomorrow."

Isabella, already annoyed by Michael, was even angrier now that he had presumptuously arranged her schedule.

But since it was Aiden on the other end of the line, she didn't want to hurt his feelings.

She found an excuse to decline, "I have other things to handle tomorrow. You go back by yourself."

Michael was stunned for a moment.

Aiden on the other end of the line also sensed something was wrong and immediately got angry at Michael.

"Michael, what's going on? Did you make Isabella angry again?"

"Grandpa, I..."

Before Michael could explain, Aiden shouted angrily, "I don't want to hear your excuses!"

"You idiot, how many times do I have to tell you that Isabella is your wife? Isabella is such an excellent and considerate girl, and you don't want her? Are you stupid?"

"I'm telling you, if you don't win Isabella back, you don't need to come back to the Brown Family anymore!"

Aiden's voice was very agitated, and Isabella, caught in the middle, didn't know whether to listen or not.

She frowned.

Taking advantage of their conversation, she turned and left.

She had no issues with Aiden but didn't want to be troubled by the Brown Family's matters anymore.

During this time, she didn't want to see him again.

When Michael hung up the phone, he realized Isabella was already gone.

He assumed she had gone to the kitchen and continued to wait for her in the living room.

But he waited until noon.

Isabella didn't come back.

Michael thought Isabella just didn't want to see him temporarily, but he never expected she would disappear for so long this time.

For a whole week, he searched everywhere she might appear but found no trace of her.

Since that encounter at the Wilson Family, Isabella seemed to have vanished from Evergreen City.

Michael knew she was deliberately avoiding him.

He didn't dare disturb Daniel, fearing his health couldn't take it.

So he had to ask others for information.

He couldn't contact anyone else, but he had a way to track Thomas's whereabouts.

One day, Michael waited at a road the Wilson Family frequently used and blocked Thomas on his way home.

Seeing Michael get out of the car, Thomas leaned out of the window and mocked, "I wondered who would use such a lousy trick to block someone. Turns out it's Mr. Brown!"

Michael, here to ask for help, didn't care about appearances.

He walked up to Thomas's car and politely called out, "Thomas!"

Then he continued, "I'm out of options. Isabella is closest to you. She wouldn't leave without telling you. Please tell me where Isabella is. I'm really worried."

Michael's tone was calm, but his eyes showed visible anxiety.

He had been searching for her for a whole week. If he didn't see her soon, he would go crazy.

The first day Isabella disappeared, he thought the Wilson Family had taken action.

Daniel was on his side, but he couldn't be sure about her uncles.

"Are you implying that I hid Isabella?"

Michael frowned, his dark suit exuding an imposing aura in the night, "Isn't that the case?"

He had thoroughly investigated all her usual places. If it wasn't the Wilson Family, how could he not find her?

Thomas sneered and raised an eyebrow, "Michael, your arrogance is really annoying. I haven't even asked how you offended Isabella, and here you are accusing us of hiding her?"

"If it weren't for Daniel's concern, we would have already conducted a thorough search for Isabella. We don't need you pretending to be kind here. Every time Isabella is upset, it's because of you. I'm warning you, get out of the Wilson Family's territory and don't let me see you again!"

"Move!"

Thomas was truly angry this time.

He stepped on the gas and brushed past Michael's car.

Isabella was the most cherished member of the Wilson Family. She lowered herself to marry Michael, and what did she get in return? In these three years, had he ever shown her any care?

Now that Isabella was missing, he was anxious. What was he doing before?

Even if he knew Isabella's whereabouts, he wouldn't tell Michael.

Michael frowned deeply.

He never expected that even the Wilson Family was looking for Isabella. Where could she have gone to hide so thoroughly?

He had someone check the airlines immediately, and there was no record of Isabella leaving the country.

She either went out of state or was still nearby.

He must have missed something.

Besides her uncles, who else was close to her?

Michael's eyes flashed as he thought of someone.

Olivia.

Isabella's only friend in Evergreen City.

If she was still here, she would definitely be in contact with Olivia.

Michael instructed Aaron, "Find Olivia's location. I need to ask her personally."

Given her uncles' attitude, Olivia wouldn't tell him the truth unless he asked her directly.

Aaron acted quickly and found Olivia at a film shooting base within ten minutes.

When Olivia finally finished her scenes and dragged herself back to her trailer, she looked up to see Michael sitting in the small seat, exuding an oppressive aura.

Olivia felt a pang of anxiety.

She instinctively looked for her manager, but Michael's deep voice interrupted, "Ms. Smith, I have some questions. I hope you can answer truthfully."

###chapter 185: Afraid to Admit One's Heart

Olivia shuddered. It was impossible for her not to be nervous in front of a man like Michael.

Not to mention that her family business relied on the Brown Family for survival, she herself wouldn't dare to go against the Brown Family!

She was now fully focused on breaking into the film industry, and offending Michael would lead to no good outcome.

"Mr. Brown, what could possibly be so important that you would come here personally to ask?"

Olivia was smiling on the surface, but she was already wildly speculating in her mind.

She knew that Michael held top-tier resources in the entertainment industry.

Was Michael here to inspect the work?

Before she could think further, Michael got straight to the point.

"Ms. Smith, I'll be direct. Isabella has been missing for a week. Do you know where she is?"

"What?"

Olivia was completely stunned.

It took her a while to react, and she shouted at Michael, "You mean Isabella is missing?"

Her politeness vanished instantly.

"Mr. Brown, you and Isabella haven't divorced yet, right?"

Michael seemed surprised that Olivia would suddenly ask this question.

He hesitated for a moment, then nodded slightly.

Olivia was very angry. It was late at night, she was tired and sleepy, and now she had to be questioned by Michael about Isabella's whereabouts?

If it weren't for the fear of affecting her family, she would have slapped him.

"You haven't divorced, so you are still husband and wife. Now your wife Isabella has been missing for a week, and instead of using all your resources to find her, you come to me? What do you mean by that?"

Michael frowned, "You don't know where she is?"

Olivia was speechless.

She took a deep breath, reminding herself not to get angry, "May I ask, Mr. Brown, why do you think that if Isabella is missing, I must be the one who knows?"

"Just because I'm her only good friend in Evergreen City, you assume she would definitely come to me!"

Michael's eyes darkened, clearly having his thoughts guessed.

Seeing this, Olivia understood that this was exactly what Michael thought.

She snorted coldly, "Mr. Brown, although you are noble and powerful, when it comes to being a husband, you probably don't even pass the basic line. You've been married to Isabella for three years, and you don't understand her at all?"

Michael's expression changed slightly, but he still listened quietly as Olivia talked about Isabella.

"You know Isabella's childhood experiences. She cares about everyone around her and would never impulsively disappear. If she has been missing for almost a week as you said, she must have encountered something that made her lose control."

"If she hid herself, she wouldn't tell anyone because she doesn't want others to take responsibility for her or cause trouble for others."

Olivia bit her lip, feeling sorry for what Isabella had gone through over the years.

If Michael really cared about Isabella, how could he push her to the point of disappearing?

He didn't deserve Isabella's goodness.

Michael didn't understand what love was.

Hearing these words, Michael felt immense pressure and guilt.

He had been looking in the wrong direction from the start.

No wonder he couldn't find her whereabouts even after questioning Thomas from the Wilson Family.

It turned out that she always dealt with things on her own and never told anyone.

But now, where could he find her?

Having gotten the answer from Olivia, Michael didn't ask further and left directly.

Since Isabella had anticipated that he would look for her among her friends, asking further would be futile.

When he sat down at home, Michael looked at the place where just a few days ago they had been peacefully having dinner together.

But now, the traces of her presence in this house were almost gone.

He lay back on the sofa, feeling empty.

Isabella, where are you?

Are you really going to leave me?

The thought of this made Michael's heart feel like it was being devoured by thousands of ants, spreading pain throughout his body.

Only now did he realize his true feelings.

He liked her.

He always had, but he never dared to admit it.

Every time he saw her, he would use extreme methods to get her attention, but this only pushed Isabella further away.

Until she completely disappeared from his world.

He panicked.

To find Isabella, Michael put all his energy into it.

Except for the documents that required his signature, everything else at the company was handled by Aaron.

But Michael didn't expect that during this time, someone secretly infiltrated the Brown Group.

They passed through multiple selections and got hired by the company.

The company recruited outstanding graduates from major universities every year, and this time it was from Evergreen City University.

Since it was an annual event, it usually didn't alarm Michael, and Aaron took care of it.

Michael only needed to take a look and sign at the last moment.

One day, while Michael was in his office handling accumulated documents, Aaron came in with a few personnel files.

He handed the files to Michael.

"Mr. Brown, these are the intern lists for this year. Please sign."

Michael was busy reviewing a project budget. He took the files from Aaron, signed his name on the last page without looking, and asked casually, "Is there anyone particularly outstanding?"

Aaron, who had been with Michael the longest, knew what he wanted to hear.

"This year, we recruited from Evergreen City University. Four interns were selected, and one of them is very strong in both adaptability and professional knowledge, fluent in four languages and translation. The HR department asked if we want to transfer this person to the executive office."

Michael finished his document and turned his attention to Aaron.

"What's his name?"

Michael assumed it was a male, thinking it would be good to have someone help Aaron during this busy time.

Aaron reported seriously, "Violet, her file is on top of the stack in your hand."

"Violet?"

Michael repeated, instinctively opening the file to see a familiar face, and then coldly smirked.

It really was her!

"Mr. Brown knows her?"

Aaron was surprised. Interns were usually fresh out of school, and Michael was either at home or at the company.

How could Michael know a college student, especially a female student like Violet?

"She's an acquaintance."

Michael's words puzzled Aaron. If he knew her, why not just say so? What did he mean by 'acquaintance'?

Aaron couldn't figure out his thoughts and asked, "So, Mr. Brown, should we keep Violet or not?"

If he had known from the start that Violet had sneaked into the Brown Group, he wouldn't have left her any way out.

But now...

Michael looked at his already signed name. Saying no now would make things difficult for the HR department.

Since she went to such lengths to get in, she must have a motive.

He just needed to wait for Violet to reveal her flaws and catch her in the act.

###chapter 186: This Revenge Must Be Taken

Whispering Pines Estates, Seaview Villa.

At ten o'clock in the morning, in the late autumn weather, the sunshine on the body was just the most comfortable.

Isabella sat on the swing with a blanket draped over her, eyes closed, feeling the sea breeze on her face.

She had been staying here alone for the past few days, quiet and beautiful.

No one disturbed her, no one annoyed her.

It was simply too enjoyable.

She didn't even mention it to her uncles, sneaking into the villa alone at night, and no one knew she was here.

Just then, her phone suddenly rang.

It was her friend Olivia calling.

Ever since that day, she had blocked and deleted all of Michael's contact information, completely kicking him out of her world.

Thinking about the last time she and Olivia chatted all night here, she hadn't seen Olivia since.

She quickly answered the phone, joking with her in a good mood.

"Olivia, how do you have time to call me now? Shouldn't you be busy shooting a big movie?"

She really hoped this beautiful moment could be shared with Olivia.

She always kept herself so busy, with no free time at all.

Who knows how far she plans to go before she stops to take a break.

Olivia's voice on the other end was low, like she was hiding in some corner, speaking secretly.

"Isabella, what's going on with you and Michael? Did you have another fight with him?"

It wasn't surprising for her to have a tiff with Michael, but why would Olivia suddenly call to ask about it?

Isabella frowned and sat up straight, "Olivia, did something happen?"

Could Michael have gone to trouble Olivia?

Olivia sighed helplessly, "What do you think? You suddenly disappeared, and Michael came to find me. He showed up in person and scared me!"

Talking about this, Olivia was still holding back her anger.

"It's one thing for him to come looking for you, but you, you even kept it from me. If Michael hadn't come asking where you went, I wouldn't have known you quietly disappeared in Evergreen City. Be honest, where are you?"

"I'm coming to find you right now!"

Her scenes were almost done, and even if she left for a few days, Kaylee wouldn't say anything.

Besides, Isabella was her best friend. If something happened to Isabella, how could she work in peace?

She hadn't slept well last night, having nightmares.

Isabella wasn't afraid of letting Olivia know where she was, but she was afraid of implicating Olivia.

But now, hearing her voice on the phone, if she didn't say anything, Olivia might just break off their friendship.

"Well, I'm at the place where we drank last time, you should remember."

"I know that place."

Of course, Olivia remembered that house, where she almost seduced Atticus while he was drunk. She would never forget it.

After hanging up, Olivia asked Kaylee and the crew for a few days off.

Considering she had been working late to catch up on scenes, Kaylee waved her off.

Olivia specifically changed cars midway before entering the villa area where Isabella was.

She was afraid Michael's people were secretly following her.

Fortunately, the security in the villa area was extremely strict. Without direct orders from the house owner, outsiders couldn't get in.

Olivia wrapped herself up like a mummy, and as soon as she entered the room, she took off all the cumbersome things.

She took the water cup Isabella handed her and drank it all in one go, then sat straight across from her, taking a deep breath, "Tell me, what happened?"

Isabella pursed her lips.

Olivia put the cup down, her eyes seeing right through her, "Don't try to make excuses, I want the truth!"

"What did that bad man Michael do to you? You're even willing to have his child, what more does he want?"

After knowing each other for over ten years, Olivia could see right through her in matters like this.

Isabella really didn't want her to worry about these messy things while being so busy.

"Really, it's nothing. I've just been too tired lately, so I wanted some quiet time alone."

Isabella said, sitting next to Olivia, resting her head on Olivia's shoulder, her voice soft.

Olivia's anger dissipated, leaving only a long sigh.

Just as Isabella understood her, she also knew what Isabella was thinking.

If Michael hadn't hurt her so badly, the usually unbreakable Isabella wouldn't suddenly quiet down and run to a secluded place to nurse her emotional wounds alone.

She just felt heartache, heartache that Isabella was bullied and didn't even say anything, bearing the pain alone.

"Isabella, don't forget, you still have me, Daniel, and your loving uncles. If you don't tell us, we won't know what happened."

"How can we avenge you?"

Hearing this, Isabella felt both warm and sad.

She shook her head, "Olivia, you don't need to avenge me, I've already figured it out."

That night, she secretly vowed to completely separate from Michael, never to contact him again.

But in these quiet days, she thought a lot.

Right now, it seemed almost impossible.

She had promised Daniel to have the child, and she couldn't go back on her word.

Hiding in this house was just her way of not knowing how to face herself, temporarily shutting herself off.

"No, this revenge must be taken!"

Olivia was so angry her fists were clenched.

Michael had bullied Isabella so much, why should he be fine outside while Isabella bore all the grievances and pain?

"I knew it, Michael always has that high and mighty look, but he rushed to the set that night to ask me about you. He must be guilty, wanting to find you to apologize."

"Isabella, I'm telling you, a man like Michael is absolutely not worth it!"

Olivia was furious at Michael's behavior of only apologizing after doing something wrong.

She gritted her teeth, "Even if he begs you to go back this time, don't go with him. A bad man like Michael doesn't deserve you. You're so perfect, you deserve someone better."

Seeing this, Isabella quickly reached out to pat Olivia's back, "Olivia, I'm fine now, don't be angry."

"Don't worry, I will eventually divorce him."

But before that, she had to fulfill her promise to Daniel.

The best outcome for her and Michael would be to peacefully divorce after she got pregnant, and she would take the child far away, never to see him again.

"Not just divorce, we need to find a man who is better than Michael in every way and live a sweet life in front of him, to piss him off!"

After saying this, Olivia already had someone in mind.

"Isabella, there are so many men in the world, if one doesn't work, we'll find another. I've been in the industry for so many years, I have plenty of quality resources."

"Wait, I'll arrange for a tall, handsome, well-mannered, and obedient young man to come over right now."

###chapter 187 Cursed by the God of Love

Seeing Olivia take out her phone to make a call, Isabella's eyes widened and she instinctively stopped her.

"Olivia, wouldn't it be too sudden to contact him now?"

But Olivia just wanted Isabella to meet other men, hoping she might get interested and forget about that bad man Michael.

"Sudden?"

"If you delay for a few more years, your most precious youth will be wasted by Michael. Why not take the opportunity to meet a few more people while you're still young? You might meet someone you like."

Anyway, Olivia didn't think much of Michael.

Isabella had been married to him for three years, and she was almost driven crazy by him.

No matter how handsome or rich Michael was, if his heart wasn't with her, it was all in vain.

Isabella might as well find someone who treated her well, someone gentle and obedient, and she wouldn't have so many heartbreaks.

Olivia looked determined.

But Isabella felt a bit uneasy.

It wasn't that she didn't have the courage, but she really didn't have the energy to deal with it now.

Besides, Daniel was always watching her. If he found out she was seeing other men while still married, who knows if he would get so angry that he'd hit her with his cane.

"Olivia, forget it. I really don't have the thought right now. I just want to live a few peaceful days."

Maybe she had the energy before.

But ever since she met Michael and married him for these three years, it had almost extinguished all her passion and longing for love.

Seeing Isabella's indifferent look, Olivia couldn't help but sigh.

They say a good marriage nurtures like tending flowers, but now it seemed Michael was Isabella's poison. If she didn't divorce soon, she would drown in this toxic relationship.

"What's so good about Michael that made you have a crush on him for over ten years and insist on marrying him when you grew up?"

Olivia felt it wasn't worth it for Isabella.

But after all, it was Isabella's business. No matter how much Olivia cared, she couldn't make decisions for her.

"Do you think we are cursed by Cupid? Why is it that our love lives are so rough, and none of our crushes ever work out?"

Seeing Isabella in pain, Olivia couldn't help but think of her own tragic love with Atticus.

At least Isabella had pursued Michael and became his legal wife.

And her?

She had practically thrown herself at Atticus, and he still pushed her away!

In the end, she was the more miserable one.

She had liked Atticus for so many years, and she had never even had him once.

How unfortunate she was!

Isabella knew about Olivia's crush. Last time she drank, it was because of that man, but she didn't know that man was Atticus.

But she couldn't mention it.

As Olivia's friend, seeing her fall for a man thirteen years older, it was better not to encourage it.

Who knew if Atticus, being so much older, was a conman targeting young girls?

"Olivia, don't think like that. Life is long, and we will definitely find the right person for us."

"Really?"

With Isabella's comfort, Olivia hugged her tightly. The two women, both unlucky in love, could only find solace in each other.

Just as they were immersed in their sadness, Olivia's phone rang.

She wiped her tears, picked it up, and instantly felt less sad.

Now she was just angry.

Damn Kaylee, even at this time, she was thinking of assigning her work. She was a person, not a machine.

Even during her leave, she was being forced to take on tasks.

"What's wrong?"

Seeing her expression change, Isabella asked curiously.

Olivia wordlessly handed her the phone. Isabella took it and saw the message from Kaylee.

"Olivia, I got you a chance to sing the ending song for the movie, but the condition is you have to improvise a new song based on the movie content and submit it for the competition. I heard many people are submitting songs, so you should give it a try too."

After reading it, although the request was a bit harsh, from Olivia's perspective, participating in the film and singing the ending song would greatly increase her exposure.

It would have a different impact in both the music and film circles.

She also had some knowledge of music and could handle simple songwriting and composing.

"Don't be angry. Kaylee is also trying to take advantage of the movie's popularity to increase your exposure. It's good for you too."

Of course, Olivia understood this, but she was currently on a break with Isabella.

With work, she wouldn't have the chance to accompany Isabella.

"Kaylee is increasing my exposure, but she doesn't treat me like a person. With such high-intensity work, I'm really afraid I might suddenly die one day."

"Don't say that. Tell me the movie's content roughly, and I'll help you compose. You write the lyrics. This way, it will be faster."

Isabella's words made Olivia sit up in surprise.

"Really, Isabella, you're willing to help me?"

Olivia knew Isabella's musical talent, but she had never revealed it in front of others.

She didn't want to push her.

She didn't expect Isabella to make an exception for her.

She was so touched.

Isabella smiled and nodded, "Really, don't forget I studied piano and composition with a famous teacher for a few years. Writing a song isn't difficult."

"But..."

Olivia felt a bit reluctant, "Forget it. You have a lot on your plate, and there's Michael. You're in a tougher spot than I am."

Isabella reassured her, "Emilio is helping me with the company, and as for Michael, hasn't he failed to find me so far?"

These days, she had been particularly peaceful, sitting on the balcony watching the sunrise and sunset every day.

If it weren't for Olivia's appearance, she would have found this life too monotonous.

"Ah, Isabella, you're simply an angel sent from heaven. I'm so lucky. I'll tell Kaylee to change the composer's name to yours, and we'll create together."

"I dare say this song will definitely amaze everyone."

They got to work immediately. The two of them went to the piano by the balcony. Isabella first listened to Olivia's recount of the movie's plot.

It was a tragic love story.

The male and female leads knew each other from childhood and promised to be together when they grew up. But when they met again, they were on opposing sides. They went through many hardships and misunderstandings, ultimately missing each other.

The story ended with the male lead standing alone by the sea, looking desolate.

Isabella quickly immersed herself in the story, her fingers touching the piano keys, and the sorrowful emotions flowed through her fingers, resonating with the notes in the air.

Olivia added details to the plot, her emotions also influenced by Isabella's music.

The two worked in perfect harmony, and a nameless piece of music floated through the room.

When the piece ended.

Isabella and Olivia both found inspiration in each other's emotions.

At that moment, a crisp applause came from the doorway.

Isabella looked over, surprised, "Atticus?"

Hearing the name, Olivia's body stiffened, and even turning her head became an unusually difficult task.

Her mind was left with only one thought.

Why is he here?

###chapter 188: He Can Do Whatever He Wants

Atticus strode over, his gaze briefly flickering over Olivia's figure before quickly settling on Isabella.

Seeing how much weight Isabella had lost in just a few days, Atticus felt a pang of heartache.

It was all Michael's fault.

If he hadn't bullied Isabella again, she wouldn't have suddenly come here and stayed indoors for days.

"Isabella, I came to check on you."

Atticus didn't show much on his face, his tone calm and gentle.

"Atticus, have a seat first."

Isabella got up, about to pour some water, when Olivia suddenly spoke up, "Isabella, um, I just remembered I have something to do, I'll come back another day to keep you company."

With that, Olivia hurriedly left without waiting for her response.

Isabella was bewildered.

But knowing Olivia's straightforward personality, she didn't think much of it.

She invited Atticus into the living room.

She had only informed Atticus about her coming here, after all, even though Emilio was managing the company, someone had to step in at critical times.

And Atticus was the best choice.

Atticus cared for her the most, and when she expressed her desire for some quiet time, he agreed without hesitation.

Now, a week had passed, and she still refused to leave the house. Worried, he came to check on her.

Seeing the now thin Isabella, Atticus sighed, "It's only been a few days, how did you lose so much weight? Haven't you been eating well?"

"Not at all."

Isabella brought the tea, hugging a pillow as she sat on the sofa, "I'm doing fine, sitting on the balcony every day, enjoying the sea breeze and watching the sunset, it's quite delightful."

Atticus picked up the teacup, nodding slightly, not exposing her pretense of being strong.

"This house was bought for you to relax, as long as you like it."

"By the way!"

He cleared his throat lightly, "Michael has been looking for you. Your uncles only know you went to find peace, but not that you're here. But Michael went to the house, blocking Thomas's car just to ask about your whereabouts. That's how we found out he hasn't given up looking for you these days."

"Not only that, he also mobilized the entire Brown Family. If I hadn't used my connections to erase traces of this place, he would have found you by now."

To be honest, Michael's actions this time even surprised Atticus.

Initially, he was adamant about Isabella divorcing Michael, believing that a man as selfish and unfaithful as Michael could never bring Isabella the happiness she wanted.

But Michael's determination to find Isabella this time left him stunned.

He didn't think this was something a bad man would do.

If it wasn't because he cared too much, how could Michael use all his connections to find Isabella?

For days, Michael hadn't given up.

This left him, as an elder, unsure of how to persuade Isabella.

"Let him do whatever he wants."

Isabella's expression didn't change, still as calm as before.

But only she knew how fast her heart was beating at that moment.

Michael blocked Thomas's car and used the Brown Family's power to find her.

In her impression, he would never do such a thing for her.

But just thinking about the humiliation in the car that night, she forced herself to stay calm.

Michael's guilt couldn't compare to what happened that night.

Maybe he was looking for her just for the sake of family harmony.

She wouldn't forget how scheming he was.

Seeing Atticus's dilemma, Isabella voiced her decision.

"Atticus, there's no possibility between him and me anymore. We haven't divorced just to avoid shocking Grandpa, so we have to pretend to be a couple."

"So, don't worry about me, okay?"

If it weren't for that night in the car, she might have really changed her view of Michael.

His promise to Daniel, his little kindness to her, all made her heart flutter.

Even today, she didn't deny that she still had feelings for him.

Michael was, after all, the man she had loved for so many years, and forgetting him would take time.

But what happened couldn't be undone.

When he treated her as a tool to vent his desires, the line between them had already been severed.

They were destined never to reach a happy ending.

Atticus didn't know how to persuade her either. Seeing her determination, he decided not to interfere anymore.

"Alright, I respect your decision and won't ask anymore."

Even though he was her elder, he couldn't meddle in matters of the heart.

These three years, Michael had made her suffer too much.

If she could leave him, leave the Brown Family, maybe it would be a relief for Isabella.

The atmosphere became heavy.

Isabella shook off her thoughts, smiling at Atticus, "Atticus, let's not think about unhappy things. Tell me about your personal matters!"

Previously, when she had a falling out with Michael, she thought if she couldn't have a child, she would let her uncles take on the task.

So it was time to find them girlfriends.

As the eldest son of the Wilson Family, Atticus was, of course, the first in line.

But when she mentioned this to Atticus some time ago, he said he already had someone in mind and she didn't need to worry.

Now, considering the time, they should have made some progress.

But she wondered if something went wrong, because when Isabella asked this question, the usually calm and composed Atticus suddenly looked unnatural.

"Well, Isabella, you know matters of the heart can't be rushed. I still want to..."

Atticus was searching for an explanation in his mind when Isabella interrupted him.

"Atticus, were you rejected when you confessed?"

Isabella looked understanding.

If not for this reason, why would Atticus have that expression?

Atticus was stunned.

His expression almost broke. How unattractive must he be to be rejected when confessing?

Though he hadn't confessed to anyone yet.

He rubbed his forehead, helplessly saying, "Stop guessing. I'm busy with work and don't want a girlfriend for now."

All these years, he had been used to running around the world alone, from the military to politics to his current position.

Having a delicate woman by his side would make him uncomfortable.

"And then?"

Isabella pursed her lips, crossing her arms, "So, the suitable person you mentioned before was just to fool me, there was no such person, right?"

Atticus was momentarily speechless.

He thought Isabella was just asking casually at the time and wouldn't take it seriously.

Who knew she remembered it all along.

"Isabella, look, besides me, you have four other uncles who don't have girlfriends either. How about you shift your focus to them? I think the success rate would be much higher, don't you think?"

###chapter 189: A Perfect Match

"And besides, you know I'll be forty in two years. I don't want to talk about love anymore. If I really found a young girl, wouldn't that be ruining her?"

Atticus listed all his reasons.

Each one was a critical point.

At his age, he had experienced everything he needed to and was no longer obsessed with romantic relationships.

But these words couldn't convince Isabella.

To say nothing of Atticus's character and abilities, he was definitely one of the best men out there.

After retiring from the special forces, Atticus went into politics, with a strong sense of responsibility. Coupled with the Wilson Family's background and influence, as well as his own power.

If he really liked someone, he wouldn't let her suffer any grievances.

Moreover, he was only thirty-eight years old, with a tall and lean figure from years in the military, exuding a strong sense of explosive power.

Plus, with Atticus's handsome features and deep eyes, people would believe he was in his twenties.

How did he become a mediocre middle-aged man in his own words?

Isabella couldn't stand hearing him talk about himself like that.

Atticus was clearly a mature and charming man, the type young girls would like.

If he didn't find a pretty girlfriend, it would be a waste of his handsome face.

"Atticus, I don't believe you!"

Isabella saw through his real thoughts at a glance, "I think you're just trying to avoid being urged to get married, that's why you came up with this excuse. You have to know you're the eldest son of the Wilson Family. If you don't take the lead, my uncles will follow your example and not take finding a girlfriend seriously!"

Isabella spoke in a heartfelt tone.

These were the words Daniel often used to scold his sons.

She had heard it a few times and remembered it, so she could say it easily.

Atticus laughed in exasperation.

Isabella was so young, yet she was lecturing him.

But Isabella meant well, so he agreed on the surface, "Alright, I know. I'll find you an aunt soon, okay?"

"That's more like it."

The topic of urging marriage finally passed.

During their chat, Isabella asked about Daniel's situation. Knowing he was doing well, she felt relieved.

When Atticus was about to leave, he found that the fridge only had frozen food left.

Isabella didn't like strangers entering her private space, so the food in the fridge was still from the last time she bought it.

Atticus was worried Isabella wasn't eating well, so he thought of bringing her some fresh groceries the next day.

Then he left.

Isabella knew Atticus's temper and didn't stop him. After all, even if she tried, Atticus would still come.

Since he had the key, she didn't need to get up early to open the door for him.

That night, Isabella sat alone by the piano, trying out the melodies and moods that came to her mind over and over again.

It was already midnight when she went to bed.

So, when Atticus came over early the next morning to restock her fridge, she was still sound asleep.

When the doorbell rang outside, Atticus, standing in the open kitchen, frowned.

Isabella should still be sleeping at this time. Who could be ringing the doorbell outside?

In the two seconds he hesitated, the doorbell rang more urgently.

Not wanting to disturb the person upstairs, Atticus quickly put down what he was holding and went to open the door.

But the moment he opened the door, he never expected it to be her.

Olivia was wearing a short leather jacket that reached her waist, tight pants, and bright short boots, with shiny accessories all over her body, looking very trendy.

"What are you doing here?"

"What are you doing here?"

The two of them looked at each other and asked the same question in unison.

Olivia was shocked. Didn't he just come here yesterday? How come he was here early this morning? Did he sleep here last night?

Although this was his house, she remembered he was usually very busy with work.

Atticus often disappeared for months, even a year or two.

Why was it that recently, she kept running into him?

She had deliberately avoided him yesterday, but today she still ran into him.

Atticus didn't know what Olivia was thinking, but her expression was so rich that he could guess some of it.

"I came to bring some things for Isabella. I'll leave in a bit."

Olivia felt a bit awkward.

Why was he explaining this to her?

She didn't mean to drive him away, and besides, this was his house, wasn't it?

She was the guest here.

"Um, I didn't mean that. Is Isabella inside?"

Standing in front of him, Olivia was really nervous and could only use Isabella as an excuse.

"She's upstairs, probably still asleep."

"Come in, it's cold outside."

Atticus then realized they were standing at the door talking. He quickly stepped aside to let Olivia in.

Olivia pursed her lips and walked past him.

Smelling the cool scent on him, her face couldn't help but turn red.

Her heart was racing.

And all of this was seen clearly by Isabella standing on the second-floor staircase.

Usually, Atticus was cold to everyone, but he was so considerate and gentle in front of Olivia.

If it were someone else, he would probably just invite them in. He wouldn't stand at the door chatting.

Seeing Olivia's shy face, Isabella was sure she wasn't mistaken and suddenly had a thought.

Seeing Olivia walking upstairs, she quickly returned to her room.

Olivia seemed outgoing, but she was very innocent when it came to feelings. It was better to pretend not to know.

It would be bad if she got scared.

When Olivia was about to knock on the door, she found it wasn't closed tightly. Pushing it open, she saw Isabella was already up.

She bit her lip and asked, "Isabella, you're awake. Why didn't you open the door for me?"

Olivia's tone was very aggrieved.

"I just woke up."

Isabella looked innocent, "Besides, Atticus was downstairs. I heard him go to open the door for you."

She said this on purpose, then secretly watched Olivia's reaction.

She was secretly delighted. If they hadn't run into each other at the door this morning, she wouldn't have known that Atticus and Olivia could spark a romance.

But Olivia was thinking about how Atticus had rejected her when he took her to the film base last time.

She had finally decided not to like him anymore.

She didn't expect to run into him here two days in a row, both times unexpectedly. How could her heart take it?

"He is him, you are my friend. Besides, I came to see you. Running into Atticus at the door almost scared me to death."

Olivia made excuses for herself.

She desperately wanted to explain that she and Atticus were not close.

And she really didn't want to see him anymore. She had already thrown herself at him twice, and he had no reaction.

This time, she really wanted to let him go.

"Olivia, I know I was wrong. Don't be mad, okay? But I heard you two chatting downstairs quite well."

When Olivia brushed past Atticus, her face turned red.

###chapter 190 Very Unusual

"Is it really like you said?"

Olivia would never admit it, "You know I'm most afraid of authoritative elders like Atticus. When I look at him, I, I get so nervous I can't even speak."

If Isabella hadn't seen their interactions with her own eyes, she might have believed it.

But she had seen everything from the second floor.

To prevent Olivia from feeling shy, Isabella didn't expose her disguise.

She gently comforted her, "Olivia, please forgive me this time. I promise next time I'll always open the door for you myself and not let 'someone else' scare you, okay?"

Hearing this, Olivia finally sat down with a grievance, "You said it, there won't be a next time."

"Okay, okay."

Isabella had just agreed, but who knew her next sentence would make Olivia's heart race again.

"Olivia, why are you acting a bit strange today?"

Isabella looked at her seriously.

"Strange? How am I strange?" Olivia instinctively replied.

"With your personality, you wouldn't care even if I didn't open the door for you, or if I didn't show up for our movie or dinner plans. What's going on today? Just because Atticus opened the door for you, you're upset?"

Not only was Olivia acting strange.

Atticus was too.

Especially the feeling when the two of them stood together, it didn't seem like the atmosphere of strangers meeting for the first time.

There seemed to be an inexplicable ambiguous factor between them.

Even if Olivia had met Atticus here once before.

It shouldn't have been this kind of reaction.

Just as Olivia didn't know how to explain, Atticus's voice suddenly came from outside.

"Isabella, I've put the things away. If there's nothing else, I'll be leaving."

"Wait a minute!"

Isabella's eyes flashed. It wasn't easy to get the two of them together, how could she let Atticus leave just like that?

"Atticus, I want some of your buttered toast and freshly squeezed juice. Can you make some for us? We can have breakfast together."

When Olivia heard "the three of us," her eyes widened.

She had already used all her courage to walk past Atticus just now. What if she was exposed during breakfast together?

Atticus also had concerns about this, but since Isabella had asked, he nodded and agreed.

"We're out of butter. I'll go to the store to buy some."

With that, he left.

Olivia was about to find an excuse not to go down for breakfast when she saw Isabella clutching her stomach. Thinking Isabella was unwell, she instinctively asked.

"Isabella, what's wrong? Are you on your period?"

Isabella hadn't thought of that, but hearing the word "period" made her anxious.

She was in her conception period, and if her period came, it would be all over.

Ignoring Olivia's puzzled expression, Isabella rushed to the bathroom.

After a moment, a weak voice came from the bathroom, "Olivia, you guessed right. I got my period, but I forgot to bring tampons here."

Olivia was stunned.

She instinctively checked her bag, only to find she hadn't brought any either.

"What should we do?"

Sitting on the toilet, looking at her clean underwear, Isabella's mind quickly came up with an idea.

"How about you and Atticus go to the store to buy a pack for me? You know I can't ask Atticus myself."

She mainly wanted to create an opportunity for the two of them to be together.

Sure enough.

When Olivia heard she had to be alone with Atticus, her face changed.

She shook her head frantically, "No, no."

Looking troubled, "Isabella, how about the three of us go together?"

She really didn't want to be alone in the car with Atticus again.

Whenever she was with him, she would think of the scene of them passionately kissing in the car, which was too overwhelming.

Isabella, hiding in the bathroom, spoke pitifully, "In my current state, how can I go out? Do you want everyone in the store to see my blood-stained pants?"

"Olivia, I'm at my weakest right now. If you don't help me, no one else can."

Isabella pleaded with her in every possible way.

In the end, Olivia compromised.

She swallowed, "Okay, okay, I'll buy it for you!"

Since she had to face it anyway, she might as well face it bravely. She wanted to see how pathetic she could be.

Atticus was just a man, and if she didn't want him, she didn't want him.

She would just treat him as a stranger.

"Really? I knew you were the best, Olivia."

Isabella was full of gratitude, and didn't forget to keep Atticus around, "By the way, I'll call Atticus right now and ask him to wait for you."

Atticus was already about to leave when he received the call. Hearing Isabella ask him to wait for Olivia.

He felt a bit nervous.

He couldn't help but ask, "What does she want to buy? I can help her buy it. Why trouble her to go again?"

"Oh, Atticus, Olivia is buying some things for girls. You wouldn't understand. Just take her with you."

Isabella didn't give him a chance to explain and directly pushed Olivia over.

"Alright."

Atticus didn't ask further.

He sat on the sofa waiting for Olivia to come down.

Suddenly, Isabella's voice came from the second floor, "Atticus, my stomach hurts. Olivia is helping me buy some things. You have to take good care of her."

Saying this, Isabella gave him a look, letting him figure it out himself.

Isabella's stomachache and girls' things made Atticus feel something was off.

Last time in front of Daniel, didn't Isabella say she was trying to conceive with Michael?

If it was really as he thought, it meant Isabella had failed to conceive. Given how much she wanted a child, how could she still be happily asking Olivia to buy things for her?

Plus, with that look she gave him, he couldn't help but wonder if Isabella had guessed something about him and Olivia.

If Isabella had figured it out, there was no need for him to hide it anymore.

"Alright, I got it."

Olivia walked step by step towards Atticus sitting on the sofa, and followed him out the door.

When opening the car door, she didn't think much and habitually sat in the passenger seat, and Atticus didn't stop her.

The two of them were as in sync as if they had known each other for years.

They didn't need to speak to understand each other.

The car quickly left the villa area, leaving only a trace of its shadow.

Isabella was even more certain of her thoughts.

These two were definitely not as simple as they seemed.

If Atticus didn't want to talk, she couldn't get anything out of him, but she could still find a way to ask Olivia.

On the other side.

In the car leaving the villa, both of them remained silent.

This time, it was Atticus who broke the silence first.

"Are you serious about acting?"

Not only that, he had heard she was planning to enter the film industry and had been appearing frequently on various platforms recently.

This was different from what she had said before.

###chapter 191: Why is he here?

"That's my career, of course I'm serious."

Olivia knew what he wanted to ask, but she no longer cared about his feelings.

After all, the woman he would eventually marry could never be her.

Since that was the case, why should she hold on to their initial promise, only to end up hurt and have her career stagnate?

She spoke firmly, but her gaze was directed outside.

A barely audible sigh sounded, and Atticus's voice carried a hint of reproach, "Didn't you tell me before that you would only make music and not get involved in their circle?"

He was clearly worried that her personality would suffer in the entertainment industry, but his words came out extremely harsh.

They even carried a hint of dominance.

Atticus was just short of calling her "disobedient."

Olivia felt a surge of grievance in her heart. It wasn't like she hadn't confessed her feelings to him.

But he had clearly rejected her.

What right did he have to control her now?

"Where I want to go and what I want to do is my own choice, and it has nothing to do with you. Even if something happens, it has nothing to do with you."

"Why do you reject me and then come back pretending to care about me?"

Olivia couldn't help but turn around to look at him.

But the moment her gaze fell on him, she couldn't look away.

No matter how many years had passed, he seemed unchanged in her eyes, still impeccably dressed in a suit, with a handsome face and a clean, decisive demeanor.

Just sitting next to him, feeling the aura he exuded, she could barely control her heart.

But so what?

A man as excellent and mature as him was destined not to choose someone more than ten years younger than him.

No matter how she changed her situation, no matter how excellent she became, the chasm between them would always exist.

The loneliness and grievance in Olivia's eyes did not escape Atticus's notice.

His heart felt like it was being squeezed, and his emotions followed suit.

"What do you mean it has nothing to do with me if something happens to you?"

Atticus suppressed the anger in his chest, "I advised you back then that your simple nature wasn't suited for this industry. Just singing was fine, but now you want to act. You haven't taken my words to heart at all."

He had disagreed with her entering the entertainment industry from the start.

First, she didn't need the money, and second, she wasn't very cunning.

Her simple nature, quick temper, and her hot and sexy appearance were all things men liked.

If she entered the entertainment industry and got set up by someone with ill intentions, it would be too late for regrets.

In the past few years, she had been more obedient, just singing and participating in a few shows, which was fine. But as she grew older, she became less obedient.

Whatever he said, she would do the opposite.

He thought she would at least listen to some of his advice, but instead, she responded even more fiercely.

"Atticus, why should I listen to you?"

"Yes, I used to like you so much that I couldn't help myself, but you rejected me every time. Since you don't care about me, why do you still try to control me?"

Olivia bit her lips tightly.

She had underestimated Atticus's influence on her. Just a few words from him had made her emotional.

She only listened to her boyfriend. Since he wasn't her boyfriend, why pretend to be a good person?

Olivia didn't need his sympathy!

She didn't need him to treat her like a junior and lecture her.

She wasn't Isabella; she couldn't stand it.

Atticus was a bit angry.

Good advice not being accepted would make anyone angry.

"I'm just worried you'll be taken advantage of. Wasn't it fine just releasing albums before? Why do you have to get involved in the film industry..."

This time, before Atticus could finish, Olivia interrupted him.

"Mr. Wilson, saying too much will only annoy people. I've said this is my choice and has nothing to do with you. Please don't worry about me. I don't need it!"

Olivia's tone was cold and icy.

If Atticus had said these words as her boyfriend, she would have jumped for joy.

But what was his identity now? Was he advising her as her friend Isabella's uncle?

Just thinking about it made her feel ridiculous.

If Atticus really cared about her, if he was concerned about her, such a smart person, wouldn't he know what she was thinking?

At the villa, Isabella left the window on the second floor, pondering how to bring Olivia and Atticus together.

She knew both of their personalities and characters well. If they could be together, they would be relatives.

The only issue was the age difference.

She didn't know if they would mind that.

However, as far as she knew, Olivia's last crush was also a mature type more than ten years older than her.

Maybe Atticus was exactly what she wanted.

Atticus was mature, charming, and successful, able to give her a sense of security.

Isabella was thinking about how to bring this up when they returned, but when she turned around, she saw a familiar figure sitting downstairs.

She was so startled that she hid behind the wall and patted her chest.

Michael!

How did he get in?

The next second, she saw Michael sitting on her sofa, leisurely drinking water from her cup.

Isabella instantly understood everything.

He had clearly been here for a while, waiting for Atticus to leave before coming in.

It made sense.

With Michael's status, finding someone in Evergreen City was just a matter of time.

She guessed that with his current posture, he had probably found out she was here a few days ago but didn't come in to avoid a conflict with Atticus.

Downstairs, Michael put down the pink cup in his hand and returned the marriage documents he had brought to his inner pocket.

He had only thought of this place after someone reminded him.

But since he couldn't get in, he had brought the marriage documents to prove his identity.

Otherwise, he might not have been able to get in and would have alerted her.

Knowing she had been in this house for the past few days, he felt relieved.

Following the traces of life inside, he walked step by step to the balcony, then to the piano she had played, and touched it, a smile unconsciously appearing on his lips.

During this time, he had almost turned Evergreen City upside down looking for her.

But he still couldn't find a trace of her.

He had to ask Daniel for help again, and Daniel had casually mentioned, "I wonder how the house Atticus gave Isabella for her birthday is coming along?"

That house was a birthday gift from Atticus.

Not a place ordinary people could enter.

After that day, he had focused on Atticus, but Atticus's status and abilities were extraordinary.

It took him three days to find this place.

Maybe God was helping him. When he arrived, he happened to see Atticus leaving, and the door wasn't even locked.

He had easily gotten in.

###chapter 192 Hiding

At this moment, there was a sudden noise from upstairs.

Isabella, too nervous, accidentally bumped into the green plant in the corner.

Downstairs, Michael's lips curled up, "Isabella, come out, I know you're here. Hiding from me is useless."

Isabella pressed against the wall, her heart pounding like a drum.

What was he doing, sneaking into her house and shouting for her not to hide?

Michael was truly shameless.

However, Michael was right. This was her house, what was she afraid of!

Just as Michael was about to go upstairs, Isabella suddenly appeared from the corner of the second floor, catching him off guard.

Separated by the stairs, Isabella first noticed his slightly wrinkled suit.

Although not obvious, it looked particularly out of place on Michael.

And the stubble on his chin that had just grown out.

She really didn't know how he had become like this.

Michael was a public figure, and privately, he had a severe cleanliness obsession. How did he end up in such a disheveled state?

Could it be that he was looking for her?

The thought made Isabella's heart race uncontrollably.

But soon, she dismissed the idea.

How could that be possible?

He was Michael, who knew if he had been very close to that Violet during this time. He was looking for her just to put on a show in front of their elders.

"Are you coming down, or should I come up?"

Michael was the first to break the silence between them.

Isabella moved her lips, not wanting him to enter her bedroom, so she simply stepped down the stairs, "Let's talk downstairs."

"Alright."

Michael's attitude was very agreeable.

But none of this could elicit any reaction from Isabella anymore.

After all, she had seen his worst side. No matter how he changed, it was just a temporary facade.

They sat on the sofa, and Isabella didn't even pour him a glass of water. She faced him directly and asked, "Tell me, how did you find this place?"

Isabella was still in her pajamas, a cute pink bear series, fluffy and adorable.

But it seemed like there was less flesh on her face.

She had lost weight.

Michael felt a pang of heartache. It was all because of him that she had suffered so much.

He really regretted it.

Why didn't he control himself back then? Clearly, nothing had happened between Isabella and Nolan, yet he still dragged her into the car and forced her.

He was worse than a beast.

"Isabella, I..."

Michael hesitated.

"If you won't say it, then please leave my house!"

Isabella lost her patience and directly asked him to leave.

"I'll say it, I'll say it!"

Michael panicked, disregarding his dignity just to stay by her side.

"I was wrong, I was really wrong."

"Isabella, for as many days as you've been gone, I've been looking for you. Every night I dream of you, I'm so afraid I'll never see you again, so I..."

"So you used your means to find this place, without even asking for my opinion, and directly entered my house!"

Isabella was furious.

She didn't want to hear his apology, nor would she accept it.

Did he think a simple apology could erase the humiliation she suffered that night?

"Michael, you're just too lucky, born into a family where you don't have to fight for anything to get everything, so you're inherently selfish, arrogant, and superior."

"Do you only feel satisfied when you have everyone under your control, acting according to your commands?"

Every word Isabella said was like a needle piercing Michael's heart.

But he couldn't refute.

Because he had hurt Isabella.

He accepted all her resentment and hatred, just hoping she would give him a chance to explain.

"Isabella, I..."

Michael was about to express his remorse over the past period.

Suddenly, the sound of a car engine came from outside.

Atticus and Olivia were back.

Michael's face tightened. He had sneaked in here and couldn't be discovered.

But Isabella didn't care. She hadn't welcomed him in the first place; he had forced his way in.

When Atticus came back, she wanted to see how Michael would explain.

Ignoring him, Isabella prepared to open the door for Atticus and Olivia. As soon as she stood up, her wrist was grabbed.

Michael pulled her directly into the first-floor bathroom.

With the door closed, they were pressed tightly together.

Michael's hand was still around her waist. Realizing this, Isabella pushed him away.

She frowned and told him to open the door, "Michael, if you want to hide, do it yourself. I'm going out."

She was the owner of the house. Why should she hide with him?

Seeing Isabella not cooperating at all, Michael pulled her close and covered her mouth, whispering in her ear.

"Keep your voice down. I found this place by following Atticus. If he sees me, I'm done for."

Isabella's struggling body stiffened.

He had followed Atticus?

But Atticus's identity wouldn't allow someone to follow him without noticing.

Her heart sank.

Could it be that Atticus had discovered Michael but pretended not to and led him here?

"Michael, let go of me. I don't care how you got here. This is my house, and I make the rules."

Isabella didn't care anymore. She just didn't want to hide with Michael.

If Atticus and Olivia came back and found her and Michael hiding in the bathroom, what would that look like?

She didn't want any more ambiguous interactions with him.

But Michael's strength was too much for her to break free. Fortunately, he didn't restrain her for long, "If you don't want to hide here, tell me a place, and I'll go with you."

Michael knew her well.

Thinking about Atticus and Olivia outside, Isabella didn't waste any more words with Michael.

"Fine, I want to go to the window on the second floor. There's a corner there that's perfect for you to hide."

"Okay, I'll follow your lead."

Reaching an agreement, they quickly went to the corner by the window on the second floor.

She had been there earlier, monitoring everything downstairs.

Now that Atticus and Olivia were back together, she couldn't miss this opportunity.

Seeing the two of them get out of the car, Isabella focused on observing them, ignoring Michael beside her.

After getting out of the car, Olivia went to the trunk to get things, but Atticus took all the groceries from her, not even letting her carry a paper bag.

But for some reason, Olivia's expression seemed very cold.

She didn't wait for Atticus behind her, striding towards the house.

Atticus, looking guilty, followed behind, dutifully, not daring to say a word.

Isabella couldn't help but laugh.

Something must have happened between them on the way, or Atticus wouldn't have such a frustrated and speechless expression.

The domineering aura around Atticus was completely gone.

At this moment, a warm breath suddenly reached her ear, and Michael's deep, sexy voice came through.

"What are you looking at that's making you so happy? Let me see too?"

###chapter 193: What Will I Do If You Leave?

Using his height advantage, Michael leaned down close to her, placing his chin on her shoulder and following her gaze.

He only saw two people below walking towards the villa, one behind the other, without saying a word.

Nothing unusual.

So what did Isabella see that made her smile secretly at the window just now?

Isabella was intently watching the scene downstairs and realized that Michael was taking advantage of her. She immediately stepped back.

"Michael, stay away from me. If you touch me again, I'll expose you right now."

Seeing Isabella angry, Michael obediently kept his distance.

Isabella snorted coldly and continued to look outside.

Unexpectedly, the two people below started arguing.

Olivia, with her fiery temper, was now facing Atticus with a stern face, saying something.

But because the upstairs window could only open a little, she couldn't hear what they were saying. However, seeing Olivia's angry expression, it seemed they were having a dispute.

What surprised Isabella was Atticus's reaction.

He wasn't angry at all; he even stood there obediently listening to Olivia.

You should know that Atticus had become a powerful figure in the military through his own abilities.

At home, he was also a respected son of the Wilson Family. She had never seen anyone dare to shout at Atticus like that?

Now, Atticus didn't even react to Olivia's "rudeness."

There was definitely something between these two.

Isabella couldn't suppress the smile on her lips.

It seemed that Atticus's personal matters would soon be resolved.

But the truth was, Olivia was extremely annoyed by Atticus's elder-like lecturing, which is why she lost her temper and argued with him at the door.

"Atticus, how many times do I have to tell you, my matters have nothing to do with you. Please stop interfering in my life, okay?"

Olivia stood in front of him unceremoniously, her small face stubborn and angry as she looked at him.

She was determined to draw a clear line with him.

Atticus had never been contradicted like this before, but he still had to finish what he wanted to say.

"I don't mean to interfere in your life. I just don't want you to take the wrong path and regret it in the future."

His voice remained calm and serious.

He wasn't just concerned about her; he was advising her as an elder.

Since she was Isabella's good friend and still young, he couldn't help but want to advise her as he watched her heading down a path that wasn't suitable for her.

But this was something Olivia couldn't accept.

She would rather he treated her as a woman, even if they broke up and never contacted each other again.

She couldn't accept him treating her like a child.

This meant he had never had feelings for her; it was all just her own wishful thinking over the years.

Olivia took a deep breath, her eyes losing their light, "Whether I regret it or not is my choice. I will take full responsibility. You don't need to worry about it, understand?"

If he was only saying these caring words because she was Isabella's good friend, then she would rather not have it!

Atticus was equally helpless.

But he had to compromise, "Fine, it's your life, you make the decisions. I was being nosy."

Unexpectedly, as soon as he said this, Olivia suddenly started crying.

Olivia looked aggrieved, as if she had been wronged.

Atticus panicked. He was most afraid of girls crying, especially someone the same age as Isabella, like Olivia.

"Don't cry, okay? I won't interfere with you anymore, alright?"

Holding things in his hands, Atticus was about to put them down to comfort her when he saw Olivia staring at him intently.

She said, "Atticus, you said it. Since you won't try with me, then don't interfere with me anymore!"

After saying that, Olivia wiped her tears with the back of her hand and turned to walk towards the door.

She was about to knock when she found the door unlocked, so she simply pushed it open and went in.

She couldn't maintain her composure in front of Atticus. Every word he said would cause her to lose control.

But she had to force herself to cut off all contact with him.

Otherwise, she would never get over this relationship.

Moreover, he was much older than her and the eldest son of his family, so marriage was a must.

She didn't want to still be deeply in love with him when he walked into the marriage hall with another woman. How ridiculous would that be?

Just like he said, people have to grow up eventually.

She finally made up her mind to let him go.

Entering the living room, Olivia sat on the sofa to calm her emotions and shouted upstairs, "Isabella, we're back. Do you want to come down and get your things?"

It wasn't that she couldn't bring them up; she was just too angry with Atticus. If she didn't sit for a while, she was afraid she would expose her emotions in front of Isabella.

If Isabella found out about her past with Atticus, she feared Isabella wouldn't be able to handle the shock and would think differently of her.

Atticus followed her in, categorizing the things they bought, leaving the snacks on the low table, and taking the rest to the kitchen to make breakfast.

As for Olivia, who was sulking on the sofa, he didn't know what to do with her.

Olivia's mood was as unpredictable as the weather.

To avoid disturbing her, he thought it would be best to avoid meeting her as much as possible in the future.

Upstairs.

Isabella heard Olivia calling her and instinctively wanted to go out, also to ask what had happened at the door just now.

But just as she was about to leave, her wrist was grabbed.

Michael frowned and wouldn't let her go, "If you leave like this, what about me?"

Isabella didn't understand what he meant and frowned at his actions, "Let go. This is my house, of course, I can go wherever I want. If you don't want to hide, then come down with me!"

She deliberately provoked him.

After all, Atticus was downstairs. If he showed up, he wouldn't be able to escape.

She couldn't do anything to him, but Atticus wouldn't let him off so easily.

Michael could see through her thoughts and little schemes, but this version of Isabella was real and adorable.

Unlike when they were married, when she lost herself trying to please him, or when she was aloof after proposing a divorce, now she had shed those unnecessary disguises and masks.

Even if she played little tricks, it revealed her true personality.

He had finally found her, and he would never let her go again.

"I'm not going down, and you can't leave. Stay here with me."

Michael was afraid she would slip away if he wasn't careful, so he tightly held her in his arms, unwilling to let go.

"Michael, what are you doing? Let go of me!"

Isabella struggled hard.

Since that incident in the car, she had developed an instinctive aversion to Michael's proximity.

Whenever he touched her, she couldn't help but think of the humiliation she suffered that night.

###chapter 194: So Angry That I Don't Even Want to Eat

"I just want you to stay with me, that's my only condition."

Isabella's body stiffened, and she couldn't break free. She said helplessly, "Didn't you hear Olivia calling me? If I don't go down, she'll come up soon, and you'll still be discovered."

Before Isabella could finish speaking, Atticus downstairs sensed something was wrong.

"Isn't Isabella already awake? Why isn't she responding when I call her?"

"How about I give her a call?"

He wasn't worried about the security of Whispering Pines Estates, but recently Michael had been frantically looking for Isabella, and he feared something might have happened.

Olivia, on the other hand, thought Atticus was making a big deal out of nothing.

She immediately interrupted him, "We've only been out for less than half an hour. How could anything have happened to Isabella? Maybe she fell asleep again."

"She's not feeling well, so don't disturb her."

Isabella had used her period as an excuse to get both of them to go out together, and they had different thoughts about it.

But Atticus thought about how Isabella had been in a bad mood lately, so it was better not to disturb her.

It was just a bit awkward for the two of them to stay downstairs.

On the second floor, Michael smirked, released Isabella's hand, and whispered in her ear.

"Now you don't have to go down. They all think you've fallen asleep again."

Isabella felt a bit embarrassed, glanced at him, and snorted coldly, "Michael, don't think you can hide here safely. Do you even know what time it is? Atticus is making breakfast, and Olivia will come upstairs to bring me something. Who knows what they'll do to you if they see you."

She sneered twice, and Michael didn't need to guess what she left unsaid.

Isabella just wanted to provoke Michael, but her words inadvertently reminded him.

He couldn't stay here for long.

If he got caught, it would be hard to explain.

"If I can't hide, then you come with me."

Isabella rolled her eyes at him, "Are you out of your mind? Can't you see Atticus and the others are downstairs? If you go out now, it's the same as getting caught."

But this house did have an exit that could avoid the first floor, leaving from another direction on the second floor.

But why should she help Michael escape?

She would be happy if Atticus caught him and gave him a beating.

Unexpectedly, Michael stared into her eyes and suddenly brought his handsome face closer.

With a mischievous smile, he said, "Do you really think I came here without any discoveries? These kinds of estates usually have more than one exit. You're the owner here, don't you know?"

Isabella's heart tightened, and before she could deny it.

Michael reached out his hand, "The key, take me there."

Isabella's eyes widened instantly. How could he be so righteous, "Michael, this is my house. Why should I take you to the back door and help you leave?"

He was delusional!

"You won't send me off, right?"

Michael's mischievous smile deepened, "Then we'll wait for Atticus and the others to come up and see us together. Do you think they'll believe I sneaked in, or that you told me the location and even opened the door for me?"

"Michael, you're despicable."

Michael raised an eyebrow, indifferent.

He knew her too well. She wouldn't let herself be misunderstood like this.

A few minutes later, they arrived at the back door of the villa. Isabella took out the key and opened the door, then stepped back.

She raised her chin at Michael, "Aren't you leaving?"

"If Atticus finds you, you won't be able to leave."

This house was her private space, and the last thing she wanted was for Michael to find it.

Who knew Michael would still find it and use their marriage documents to get in, which was extremely hateful.

"I didn't say I wouldn't leave, but we're leaving together."

The next second, before Isabella could react, Michael picked her up and left through the back door.

The car was parked outside, and Michael carried her all the way out.

Fortunately, the back door didn't go through the main gate, so he wasn't afraid of being discovered.

Besides, he was carrying his wife Isabella back to his house, and no one could stop him.

During this time, Isabella struggled constantly, but Michael was determined to take her away.

No matter how she fought, he remained unmoved.

She was so angry that she hit and cursed him, "Michael, you lunatic, put me down. Who wants to go with you? That's my house, and I can stay as long as I want."

Isabella's strength was like scratching an itch to Michael, with no deterrent effect.

To outsiders, it looked like a couple having a quarrel.

"Michael, if you don't put me down, I'll scream and say you illegally trespassed. Just wait to be... mmm!"

A light kiss, and Isabella instantly seemed to be under a spell.

She looked at Michael in disbelief.

"Be good, or I'll spank you hard."

Whether it was the kiss or Michael's spanking threat, Isabella didn't say another word.

Until she was stuffed into the car and left Whispering Pines Estates.

The car drove into the city and stopped in front of a restaurant Michael frequented.

The waiter handed over the menu, and Michael asked Isabella to order, "Aren't you hungry? See what you want to eat?"

After disappearing for several days, he thought she was comfortably enjoying life in the villa Atticus had given her.

But when he saw her pale face and noticeably thinner body, how could he not feel distressed?

So he had to take her away.

With him watching, at least she would eat properly.

But Isabella no longer believed in his good intentions because every time she ended up disappointed.

"No need, I suddenly lost my appetite. Even if you order, I can't eat."

Just looking at him made her too angry to eat.

She had been tempted by the smell of Atticus's buttered toast earlier, but after Michael's antics.

She had no appetite left.

Now she just wanted to go back and sleep well. She had stayed up too late writing music last night, and her thoughts were too active, causing her to sleep poorly.

Especially in the past few days, she often felt sleepy and lacked energy.

Seeing Isabella's lack of interest, Michael didn't force her. He ordered some of her favorite main dishes and let the waiter prepare them.

Isabella didn't waste any time and directly asked him, "Michael, what do you want by taking me out of the villa?"

After speaking, she suddenly recalled the scene in the car and sneered.

"Could it be that Mr. Brown got interested in the car that night and didn't finish playing, so he took the risk to find me just to recreate that scene?"

###chapter 195: Giving Each Other Dignity

The humiliation in the car that night would be a scar she would never forget for the rest of her life.

But she still said it in front of him.

While mocking Michael, she also hurt herself.

But she had to remind herself that she absolutely couldn't make the same mistake again.

Michael was just a bad man.

A thoroughly bad man.

If she gave her heart away again, she would be helping him ruin herself.

"Isabella, do you really have to say these things?"

Michael's face darkened. He knew she was feeling bad, and so was he.

Seeing her appear in front of him wearing Nolan's clothes, he completely lost control.

His mind went blank at that moment, and he couldn't hear any sound.

After sobering up, he sat in the car regretting and hitting himself.

He didn't expect her to forgive him. She could hit him, scold him, but he didn't want her to keep bringing up this matter as a topic.

Isabella tilted her head, her face expressionless, "Mr. Brown, you were so high and mighty. You did it, and I can't even talk about it?"

Michael was completely speechless.

He had hurt her, and hurt her deeply. It was all his fault.

"Isabella, I was wrong that night. I apologize to you. You can ask me to do anything, but can we not bring this up again in the future?"

Michael sincerely repented to her.

But to Isabella, these words sounded like a high-handed charity from an abuser.

He wasn't the one who was hurt, so of course, he could not mention it. He could even apologize and pretend it never happened.

How simple.

He could turn around and continue being the president of the Brown Group as if nothing had happened.

Only she had been suffering for a whole week, unable to escape that nightmare even in her dreams.

But she didn't argue with him anymore, just lowered her head and spoke calmly.

"Fine, if you say not to mention it, then we won't mention it."

"Anyway, I have nothing to care about anymore."

She didn't want Michael anymore, so what was there to care about?

She had seen through Michael.

She didn't want to waste time with him anymore.

Michael didn't expect Isabella to agree so easily, and his heart started pounding.

"So, you're willing to forgive me?"

Isabella raised her eyebrows and quickly nodded.

But her next words made Michael's face turn from excitement to gloom.

"As long as you divorce me completely, I will forgive you."

"Not only will I forgive you for this, but I also won't hold a grudge for your absence over the past three years. From now on, you can find your beauties, and I'll live my new life. How about that?"

To her, it was a painful memory. He said not to mention it, as if she was still as easy to bully as before?

Didn't he want her forgiveness?

The person she least wanted to see now was him. As long as he stayed far away from her, she could forget him and forget that night.

"I don't agree!"

Michael had calculated everything, but he didn't expect Isabella to use divorce as a condition to forget that night in the car.

"Don't forget, we just promised Daniel that not only would we not divorce, but we would also have a child soon. Don't even think about divorce. I won't agree."

Michael clenched his fists on the table.

He was very clear about his feelings for Isabella. He would never divorce and let the woman he loved fall into another man's arms.

It was all because of Nolan.

If Nolan hadn't suddenly returned to the country, Isabella wouldn't have put all her thoughts on Nolan and abandoned him as her husband.

"I really don't understand what you're struggling with?"

Isabella looked at Michael in confusion, "We lost our feelings a long time ago. What's the point of staying together? It's better to let go of each other early, fulfilling both you and me."

The reason she could sit here and talk to him calmly now.

Besides their marriage, the common interests of both families were also a major factor.

If they could part amicably and minimize the impact on public opinion, it would be good for both of them.

If it really got out, not only would both groups' reputations be damaged, but it would also affect future business.

So, even if they divorced, they had to give each other a decent appearance.

"Michael, I'm also thinking for you. You like Violet, and she likes you. As long as we divorce, you can rightfully bring her to your side. Isn't that good?"

Isabella's words were reasonable.

Every point she made was for his consideration. She didn't even show a bit of jealousy or bitterness when mentioning his future wife.

Even she found it incredible.

In the past, just thinking about it would make her heart ache, but now she felt no more ripples in her heart.

The only thought left in her mind was to separate from Michael completely.

She didn't want to appear in his life anymore.

"Have you said enough?"

Michael had been holding back, listening to her analyze their marriage to pieces.

Then pushing him towards Violet.

Did he really mean nothing to her?

She said she didn't want him, and she kicked him to Violet like garbage?

He closed his eyes, suppressing the pain in his eyes. He didn't want her to see his vulnerability.

"Isabella, if you don't care about our feelings, why do you insist on divorcing me?"

"I said, I never planned to divorce. Even if I die first, all my assets will be yours. Why do you insist on separating from me?"

Michael wanted to use his assets to make Isabella compromise.

But he was wrong.

Isabella never cared about money, especially Michael's money.

He never really understood her.

She chuckled, "Michael, you're really willing to do anything to avoid divorce, even offering your assets after death to tie me down?"

"But I can only say that your idea is completely wrong. Even if you give me your personal assets or the entire Brown Group, I wouldn't care because all I want is to leave you!"

Michael's face turned pale.

Isabella's words were like arrows piercing him. She would rather give up everything to separate from him.

Did she hate him that much?

But Michael wouldn't let her go just like that. If she didn't care about the Brown Family's money, he would use other conditions to keep her.

"You don't want money, so how about I give you freedom?"

Michael took a deep breath, looking into Isabella's eyes and promising her, "I promise you, from now on, I won't interfere with your social interactions. Just stay away from Nolan."

"Why?"

Isabella directly rejected this condition!

To her, she had known Nolan longer than Michael.

For so many years, Nolan had been her friend and brother, caring for and looking after her.

She was grateful to Nolan.

Why should she cut ties with Nolan just because of Michael's words?

###chapter 196: Nolan is Here Too

"Do you care about him that much?"

Michael felt a deep jealousy towards Nolan.

What kind of place did Nolan hold in her heart that made her reject his conditions without a second thought?

Since when did Isabella's eyes and heart only have room for Nolan?

Every time the topic was about Nolan, she would stand by Nolan's side without hesitation, completely disregarding his feelings as her husband.

She even wanted to divorce him for Nolan?

Isabella, on the other hand, thought he was being unreasonable. Weren't they discussing their divorce? How did it suddenly turn to Nolan?

But since he wanted an answer, she would give it to him.

"Nolan is the most important person to me, of course I care about him. You can't compare to Nolan."

This time, Michael's heart was completely cold.

The pain in his heart had numbed him, and now he only felt powerless, with an empty feeling in his chest.

It was as if the most important, most precious thing had been forcibly dug out of his heart.

"Isabella."

Michael's voice was hoarse. He clenched his fists and pursed his lips, clearly having a lot to say to her.

But now, apart from calling her name, he couldn't say a single word of explanation.

He didn't know what else he could say to win her back.

At this moment, the appearance of the waiter interrupted their conversation.

One dish after another was served on the table.

Isabella didn't have much to say to Michael anyway, so the timing of the food being served was just right for her.

No matter what he said, she wouldn't change her mind.

"Enough, I don't want to talk anymore. Let's eat."

Isabella picked up a spoon and started drinking the seafood soup in front of her without waiting for Michael's response.

This used to be her favorite dish.

But this time, for some reason, the rich and delicious soup had a pungent fishy smell to her.

Even her stomach churned, and Isabella took a deep breath to suppress it.

She found it strange. She had ordered this soup every time she came to the restaurant. How could she only now find the taste odd?

She thought it might be an illusion from not having it for a while.

The next second, she put a spoonful of the rich soup into her mouth.

Just as she was about to savor the taste...

Ugh!

Isabella couldn't control her stomach's reaction any longer. She grabbed a napkin and turned to cover her mouth, retching.

She hadn't eaten anything since leaving the villa, so there was nothing to throw up.

But her face turned even paler.

She looked even more emaciated.

Seeing this, Michael hurried to her side, gently patting her back, bringing over a trash can, and handing her a glass of water.

"Rinse your mouth first, spit out what's in your mouth."

Isabella felt terrible and did everything Michael said. After repeating it two or three times, her stomach finally settled.

Her first reaction upon standing up was to push his arm away.

"I'm fine, you don't need to worry about me."

She thought it was just stomach pain from poor appetite these days, and since she had already decided to break up with Michael, it wasn't appropriate for them to be so close.

Michael didn't care about such trivial matters. He frowned, thinking of taking her to the hospital.

Suddenly, a familiar voice sounded in the hallway outside.

"You said Mr. Brown is here too, is that true?"

"Which private room is he in? If we happen to meet, we should definitely have a meal together."

The woman's voice was soft and charming, clearly coquettish but not overly so.

It was the kind of teasing that men liked, just right.

No one but Violet could have such a skill.

The sound of Violet's high heels got closer, accompanied by the sound of a wheelchair being pushed.

Isabella's expression changed instantly, and a smile appeared on her face.

Could it be that Nolan was here too?

It wasn't impossible. After all, Nolan was Violet's mentor and the one who brought her to the States.

Their relationship was naturally extraordinary, so it was normal for them to have a meal together.

But what she didn't know was that Michael had noticed her reaction and expression.

He was puzzled.

Since when did Isabella have a good impression of Violet, to the point of being happy at her appearance?

At this moment, the waiter outside suddenly stopped Violet.

"Ma'am, our restaurant values the privacy of our guests. Without their consent, we won't let others disturb them."

The waiter's words made Violet lose face instantly.

She pointed at the waiter and angrily asked, "You're not Mr. Brown. How do you know he won't let me in? Do you know who I am?"

"How dare you look down on me, just a waiter?"

"No, it's not like that..."

The waiter raised his hands to explain, but Violet impatiently interrupted, "I don't want to hear your nonsense. Call your manager here."

The people who came here were all wealthy and influential, so the waiter didn't dare to offend her easily.

He had to call the manager over.

The manager was a middle-aged man in his fifties, with a plump figure and a kind demeanor.

He came to Violet with a smile and asked, "Ma'am, this waiter is new and doesn't know the rules. Please forgive him. If you have any requests, just let me know, and I'll personally serve you. Is that okay?"

As he spoke, the manager gently waved his hand at the waiter behind him, signaling him to leave.

But Violet was relentless, "No! I want her to take me to Mr. Brown's private room. I want her to see how I get in."

The manager felt troubled, "Ma'am, our restaurant does value the privacy of our guests. Moreover, Mr. Brown chose the most expensive private room, which means he doesn't want to be disturbed. I advise you to..."

"Hmph!"

Violet didn't want to argue with them, "You said all that just to imply that my status isn't high enough to even notify them. But look carefully, do you know who the person beside me is?"

The manager instinctively looked at the person in the wheelchair.

Before he could take a closer look, Violet's words shocked him.

"He is Mr. Brown's elder brother, Nolan. Now we want to go to Mr. Brown's private room. Do you still dare to stop us?"

The manager was stunned. Michael's elder brother was the young master of the Brown Family.

They were all very famous people. Whether to stop them or not was a dilemma.

The main issue was that he couldn't afford to offend any of them.

If he made Michael in the private room unhappy, his job would be over today.

The atmosphere outside was tense and awkward, while inside the private room, Isabella and Michael were in a different scene.

Hearing that Nolan was here too, Michael's face turned dark.

No wonder Isabella was so happy when she heard Violet's voice. It was because of Nolan's arrival.

###chapter 197: Could She Be Pregnant?

"Do you want to dine with them?"

Michael looked at Isabella, considerately asking for her opinion.

But only he knew how reluctant he was to let Nolan appear in front of Isabella at this moment.

He was a hundred times unwilling in his heart.

Why did he have to go through so much trouble to get Isabella out of the villa area, just wanting to have a quiet meal with her?

And then they ran into Nolan here?

What bad luck, he wouldn't come to this restaurant again in the future.

At this moment, he only hoped that Isabella could refuse Nolan just as she had refused him, saying she didn't want to see him.

He didn't want anyone to disturb their meal at this time.

But his unusual inquiry was completely misunderstood by Isabella.

He was so polite in giving her the choice, wasn't he just wanting Violet to come in while not exposing himself?

Sure enough, men.

They all like to rescue beauties, never changing.

However, Michael was overthinking it. She didn't even care about him anymore, why would she care about who he was with?

Moreover, with Nolan here, she would agree even if it was just for Nolan's sake.

"Sure, let them in."

Isabella said very straightforwardly.

Michael's face turned pale.

His hand, hanging by his side, clenched into a fist. Not wanting her to see his reaction, he quickly walked towards the door with a stern face.

He almost knocked over the chair.

Isabella looked at his overly excited figure, feeling speechless.

It's just Violet, was it necessary for him to be so excited?

The door opened, and Michael stood at the door saying a few words before quickly bringing the people into the private room.

As soon as they came in, Michael arranged for Nolan to sit diagonally across from Isabella by the window.

And he himself sat back next to Isabella, even pulling his chair closer.

Violet originally wanted to sit inside, so she could face Michael and get closer to him.

But Nolan went over first, so she could only sit opposite Isabella.

She looked up to see Isabella's face, which was even smaller than hers, and could only maintain an awkward yet polite smile.

She thought there was only Michael in the private room, but Isabella was also there?

The four of them had different thoughts, but they still had to be polite on the surface.

Isabella smiled and welcomed the two, "Nolan, Ms. Cooper, what a coincidence to meet here."

It was just a polite remark.

Nolan smiled gently.

But Violet took it seriously and even responded enthusiastically.

"Isn't it? The last time I saw Ms. Taylor was at school, but Mr. Brown suddenly appeared, otherwise, I could have chatted with Ms. Taylor for a while longer."

Violet subtly mentioned her "date" with Michael in front of Isabella.

Although Michael didn't fulfill it in the end.

But this didn't affect her position in Michael's heart. As long as he divorced Isabella, she still had an absolute chance.

"Really, I don't remember."

Isabella responded indifferently.

It wasn't that she couldn't hear the implication in Violet's words, but she really didn't care about these things, so she wouldn't take them to heart.

"Ms. Taylor, didn't you have something to ask me that day? Could it be that you forgot even that?"

Violet tilted her head with an innocent and curious look.

If Isabella ignored her doubts about Violet's identity, she would really think Violet was just a spoiled girl.

Before Isabella could answer, Michael suddenly poured a glass of water and handed it to Violet, "Ms. Cooper, you must be thirsty after saying so much, have some water."

He frowned, his words carrying a warning.

But Violet took this glass of water as Michael's care and affection.

She had just sat down, and he noticed her. If he didn't like her, what was it?

Violet blushed and glanced at Michael, softly saying, "Thank you, Mr. Brown."

After speaking, she held the glass and took small sips of water.

This shy look made even Isabella feel that she was a bit redundant sitting between the two.

"Michael, can I have a sip of your wine?"

"It looks really good."

After getting Michael's favor, Violet became bolder, coquettishly asking Michael for a favor.

Isabella couldn't help but twitch her eyelids. She really didn't expect Violet to be so overwhelming when she took the initiative.

If she hadn't heard Violet's domineering behavior outside just now, she might have been deceived by Violet's appearance.

But after seeing Violet's true face and then seeing her delicate appearance, she could only say that some people were born to act.

Especially the way she called "Michael," it was smoother than anyone else.

It was like she had practiced countless times in private.

Their intimacy shocked her, Michael's wife, but there was one downside, it was easy to make people feel nauseous.

Maybe it was Michael's silence that gave Violet more courage, she blinked and asked again.

"Michael, you won't be unhappy if I call you that, will you?"

Michael's eyes darkened, his face stern.

Isabella turned her head, wanting to know how he would react.

But she didn't expect that at this moment.

Her stomach churned again.

"Ugh!"

Fortunately, there was nothing in her stomach, otherwise, she would have vomited all over Michael.

Michael had such a severe cleanliness obsession, if she really vomited on him, his face would be very ugly.

But the more it was like this, the more uncomfortable her stomach felt.

It was like something was twisting her stomach, the pain almost brought tears to her eyes.

Violet noticed this, her eyes narrowing as if she had realized something.

She pretended not to understand and asked, "Ms. Taylor, what's wrong? Vomiting so badly, could you be pregnant?"

Isabella's heart trembled, and she had some doubts in her heart.

But in this situation, in front of Nolan and Michael, she didn't want to talk about pregnancy, nor did she want people to speculate.

"No, it's my stomach acting up, I feel uncomfortable whenever I eat."

She and Michael were in the middle of a divorce, it would be best to keep the pregnancy a secret.

If she couldn't keep it a secret, she would talk to him and try to get custody of the child.

After speaking, Isabella stood up, "You guys chat, I'm going to the restroom."

"Ms. Taylor, I'll go with you."

Isabella was about to leave when Violet followed.

She rolled her eyes inwardly.

Wasn't Violet here for Michael? Why was she following her?

But since Violet offered, she could only go along with it, though she ignored Violet the whole time.

Until they entered the restroom.

Violet couldn't hold back anymore and came up to her, seizing the opportunity to ask.

"Ms. Taylor, I heard you've been married to Mr. Brown for three years, and you don't have any children yet. Is it because your relationship is not good?"

Before Isabella could speak, Violet covered her mouth.

"Oh my, could it be that Ms. Taylor can't have children?"

###chapter 198: Is She Trying to Drive Him Crazy?!

"As a woman, if she can't have children, what value does she have left? You know, the Brown Group is a big family. Without children, wouldn't they be unable to find an heir?"

When there were only two people, Violet dropped all pretense.

Especially when she mentioned the heir, the desire in her eyes was unmistakable.

Isabella squinted her eyes and sneered, "Ms. Cooper, you're so worried about the Brown Family's children. Could it be that you want to have a child for the Brown Family yourself?"

How could Isabella not see through Violet's intentions?

From the first time Violet saw Michael at her birthday party, she had made it very clear.

If it were someone else, hearing a woman provoke her like this, she would have lost her temper long ago.

But Violet was dealing with Isabella.

Isabella was the heir to the Wilson Group, a lady from the Wilson Family. How could she possibly lose her composure over a few provocative words from Violet?

Besides, she no longer had any extravagant hopes for Michael. She didn't want Michael anymore, so whether or not to have children was up to her.

When did it become Violet's place to mock her?

But Violet felt no shame. Instead, she became even more smug after hearing Isabella's words.

"If Ms. Taylor is willing to divorce Mr. Brown sooner, it's not impossible for me and Mr. Brown to have a child."

She knew that Michael was also being pressured by the Brown Family. If Isabella left and she gave birth to the Brown Family's first child, her status would surely be recognized.

The position of Mrs. Brown would be hers.

"Are you sure you can have children?"

Isabella shook her head lightly, with a look of disbelief, "Have you had a full body check-up? Have you done a pregnancy test?"

"Having a child isn't something you can achieve just by talking. If you haven't even done the most basic pregnancy test, how can you be so sure you can have a child?"

"You!"

Violet's face turned red and white, unable to say a word in rebuttal.

"I'm still young. Why wouldn't I be able to have children? I don't need to do such tests. I can still have children."

Violet, relying on her younger age, didn't take Isabella's words seriously at all.

In Violet's view, this was just a superficial matter. She was still young, and getting pregnant would be easy.

Isabella sighed and advised, "Being young is good, but didn't you just say that the Brown Family is not an ordinary family but a big family? If you go through all the trouble to marry Michael but can't have children, do you think the Brown Family will tolerate you?"

"If you ask me, you should plan ahead and get a comprehensive check-up to ensure you can have children. Then, you can show the pregnancy test report to the Brown Family. Maybe Aiden will acknowledge you as Mrs. Brown because of the check-up."

When she said these words, Isabella's expression was so calm it was as if she were talking about someone else's business.

She knew that Aiden only recognized her as Michael's wife, but she would eventually break her promise.

Aiden was so eager to hold her and Michael's child. After she divorced Michael, someone new would replace her sooner or later.

She no longer cared who that person was.

"What do you mean by that? Are you telling me to use my womb as a bargaining chip?"

"And whether I can have children or whether the Brown Family will acknowledge my status has nothing to do with you, right? What gives you the right to make choices for me? It's ridiculous!"

Violet felt uncomfortable at the thought of putting the matter of having children on the table for negotiation with the Brown Family.

Besides, Isabella was just an outsider. What right did she have to say these things?

Isabella sneered. So, Violet wasn't as stupid as she thought.

When Violet first mocked Isabella for not being able to have children, she should have expected this outcome.

"So, Ms. Cooper, you do know you have no right to interfere in whether others can have children?"

"Then please keep your mouth shut in the future. If I hear such disgusting words again, it won't be resolved with just a warning."

"And stay away from me. Hearing your voice makes me want to vomit."

Isabella covered her mouth, pretending to gag, scaring Violet into taking two steps back.

Ten Violets wouldn't be a match for her.

"You, you!"

Violet's face turned pale with anger. Knowing she couldn't outtalk Isabella, she threw out a harsh remark, "Isabella, don't be so smug in front of me. You and Michael are destined to divorce. I'll be waiting for you to be kicked out of the Brown Family."

Once their marriage was completely over, it would be Violet's time to shine.

Violet angrily stomped away in her high heels.

Isabella, standing in place, squinted her eyes at Violet's somewhat familiar figure.

After thinking for a moment, she took out her phone and called her subordinate.

"Keep an eye on Violet's every move and report to me at any time!"

Isabella had been suspecting whether Violet's true identity was Bianca.

But Violet was too calm, and she couldn't find any flaws.

However, she still wanted to find clues about Harper from Violet.

Even if there was the slightest chance, she would never give up on finding Harper.

Harper was the suspect in Grace's murder.

When Isabella returned to the private room, she only saw Michael there.

Violet and Nolan were both gone.

Michael, sitting in the chair, had a cold expression, his eyes deep and unreadable.

Isabella walked over and asked Michael, puzzled.

"Where are they? Why did they leave?"

If it weren't for Nolan comforting her over the phone last time, she might not have recovered so quickly.

She hadn't had a chance to talk to Nolan yet, and now he was gone. Isabella felt a bit disappointed.

Seeing her reluctant expression, Michael was filled with jealousy.

She wanted to see Nolan so much that she was reluctant even when he left.

"I don't know. If you want to know why, you can call him now and ask!"

Michael said sulkily.

"You're right."

Isabella didn't notice the difference in his tone and took out her phone.

Nolan left without saying goodbye. Was he in a hurry because something happened?

She had just found his number and was about to call when a big hand suddenly snatched her phone and placed it on the table.

"Isabella, do you have to act like this in front of me?"

Michael was so angry that he couldn't control his expression.

She knew he cared most about her ambiguous relationship with Nolan, yet she still wanted to call Nolan in front of him?

Was she trying to drive him crazy?

"The more I don't want you to have contact with Nolan, the closer you want to get to him?"

Isabella was stunned, "Weren't you the one who told me to call?"

###chapter 199: Having a Child

Seeing that she didn't catch the meaning behind his words at all.

Michael took a deep breath, "I told you to call him, so you should call him. You care so much about him. I said we shouldn't get a divorce, why don't you listen to me?"

Isabella was speechless.

She didn't care about Nolan, who was good to her. Should she care about Violet instead?

"Michael, can you stop being unreasonable? Nolan left, so of course, I need to ask why. What does that have to do with whether we get a divorce or not?"

"Give me my phone back, I want to go home."

She didn't want to explain these things to Michael. Right now, she just wanted to go back. Atticus and Olivia were still waiting for her at the villa.

If they knew she sneaked out, they would be very worried.

"Go home?"

Hearing that she still wanted to leave him, Michael's face darkened even more, "Isabella, without my permission, you are not allowed to leave my side."

Nolan had just left, and she couldn't wait to leave even for a minute.

Who knows if she was finding an excuse to go out and meet Nolan.

He wouldn't give them that chance.

"Michael, are you being reasonable? I am not your appendage. You can't control my freedom."

Isabella angrily stepped forward to grab her phone, but Michael pulled her into his arms with a backhand.

"Let go of me, we're outside. What do you want to do?"

Since the last incident, Isabella was particularly averse to physical contact with Michael.

Michael, however, didn't care and picked her up, his eyes determined, "Aren't you feeling disgusted? Then let's go to the hospital for a check-up and see if I have the male health issues you mentioned."

Hearing about going to the hospital, Isabella immediately felt nervous.

"I don't want to go. I already said it's my stomach that's uncomfortable. I want to go home. There's no need for a check-up."

She struggled desperately against him, but it was all in vain.

"Whether it's needed or not, it's not up to you. I need to see the results."

Michael carried her out of the restaurant, attracting countless stares along the way, but he didn't care.

It wasn't until they got into the car, with no chance for Isabella to escape, that Michael's expression softened a bit.

He leaned over to help her fasten her seatbelt, and his considerate gesture made Isabella pause for a moment.

But thinking about his domineering behavior in the private room just now, she was left with only disgust for him.

Seeing him start the car and head towards the hospital, Isabella frowned helplessly.

"How many times do I have to say it? I'm not pregnant. It's just my stomach that's uncomfortable. I just want to go home."

She had been feeling this way for the past few days, with no appetite, and hadn't even considered the possibility of being pregnant.

Michael making such a fuss about going to the hospital, if she wasn't pregnant, wouldn't it be a joke?

It would also affect her emotionally.

"No way!"

"The check-up must be done. It's been almost two months since our first time, and we haven't used any contraception since. What if there's a baby in your belly now?"

Isabella was stunned.

She never expected Michael to remember the exact time of their first time so clearly.

But his reminder made her realize something was off.

At the villa, she had used her period as an excuse to fool Olivia, but now that she thought about it, her period was already a week late.

What if she was really pregnant? What would she do?

Thinking about it, she couldn't help but touch her still-flat belly, unable to imagine a baby growing there.

Her emotions started to change.

She had once hoped for this, to have a cute baby with Michael after marriage.

If it was a boy, he would be a mini version of Michael.

If it was a girl, she would raise her as a little princess, never letting her suffer as she did.

Thinking about having a child and Michael by her side, such a life seemed beautiful and happy.

But now, all her dreams had shattered.

She no longer thought about any possibilities with Michael.

Just now, she was thinking about divorcing Michael. If she was really pregnant, what should she do?

"Michael, if there really is a baby, what do you plan to do?"

Having this baby was something Isabella had mentally prepared for a long time. She wanted to know his current attitude.

"Have the baby. It would be our first child!"

Michael looked ahead, his firm words came out without hesitation.

For years, the idea of having children had been met with resistance due to Aiden's constant urging. The more Aiden pushed, the less he wanted it.

But now, knowing that Isabella might be carrying his child, his first reaction was excitement. He was thrilled to have a continuation of his bloodline.

He even had a thought.

If Isabella was pregnant with his child, would she stop liking Nolan and focus on him instead?

Seeing Isabella pursing her lips and not speaking, Michael's heart tightened.

He thought she didn't want the baby.

He quickly used the two elders at home as an excuse.

"Isabella, you know how much Daniel and Grandpa are looking forward to this baby. I've worked hard for so long to prepare for this. If you dare to say you don't want this baby now, I will be the first to disagree."

"You better give up that idea."

Isabella glanced at Michael beside her, sighed helplessly.

If it wasn't for the fact that the baby wasn't confirmed yet, she really wanted to ask him.

The baby is in her belly, what did he work hard for?

But Isabella knew Michael. When he was shameless, she couldn't resist him at all.

Better to let it go.

If he said something she couldn't stand, she would be the one left speechless.

"Michael, what are you going crazy about? Did I say I didn't want the baby?"

Isabella paused, "Besides, it's not certain if I'm pregnant. We haven't even reached the hospital. What's the point of saying all this?"

The results weren't out yet, and he was already making conclusions?

Michael didn't say anything more.

The car soon arrived at the hospital.

Michael got out and opened the car door for Isabella, and they both went into the obstetrics and gynecology examination room.

In the restroom, Isabella looked at the pregnancy test stick showing a positive result and was momentarily stunned.

She was pregnant!

"Isabella, are you done?"

Michael, anxious outside, called out at the door, ignoring the stares of others.

After a moment, she walked out holding the pregnancy test stick.

For the next while, Isabella felt like she was floating, as if walking on clouds.

She couldn't hear what others were saying clearly.

She only knew that someone was always supporting her, holding her hand, listening seriously to the doctor's instructions and precautions.

It wasn't until they left the hospital, breathing in the fresh air, that Isabella's mood gradually calmed down.

Sitting in the car, she unconsciously touched her flat belly, feeling it was incredible.

There, a child belonging to her was growing.

###chapter 200: Let's Talk

Michael, on the other hand, was filled with excitement and secret joy.

Isabella was pregnant.

It was their child.

With this child, and the elders of both families liking the child, maybe Isabella would give him another chance, and they wouldn't get divorced.

Thinking this, Michael became even more eager for the arrival of the child.

He would take good care of both the child and her.

He wouldn't let Isabella leave him again.

Michael drove back to his villa at Elysian Heights Estate.

On the way, neither of them said anything, as if by mutual understanding.

One was worried about how to get the child back from Michael, while the other was thinking about how to make the doctor's recommended pregnancy diet balanced and nutritious.

When they arrived, Isabella had just gotten out of the car when she heard her phone ringing in Michael's pocket.

Michael had taken her phone on the way to the hospital.

He had even put it on silent mode.

By now, Atticus and Olivia, who couldn't find her, were almost going crazy with worry.

Isabella took her phone back from Michael and saw a long list of missed calls, which scared her into quickly calling back.

Atticus answered Isabella's call, extremely anxious, "Isabella, where are you? Olivia and I have been looking for you for a long time. Did something happen to you?"

Hearing Atticus unconsciously call Olivia by her first name, Isabella couldn't help but raise her eyebrows.

She hadn't expected that her brief disappearance would give these two a chance to push their relationship forward.

"Atticus, I'm fine. I'm with Michael right now."

Atticus was even more worried, "Isabella, why are you with him? Weren't you going to..." completely separate from him?

Perhaps realizing that Michael was right next to Isabella, Atticus swallowed his last words.

"Atticus, I'll explain this to you later. It's too complicated to explain over the phone."

Atticus understood Isabella; she always had her own opinions.

If she didn't want to say, he wouldn't ask more. He just needed to know she was safe.

Isabella asked him to take care of Olivia and then hung up the phone.

She didn't reveal her pregnancy.

She hadn't sorted out her feelings yet, and such a big matter was better discussed in person with Atticus.

Perhaps it was the emotional turmoil she had experienced, or maybe it was the reaction to finding out she was pregnant.

She rested in the room for a while and unknowingly fell asleep.

When she woke up, it was already evening.

The enticing smell of food wafted in from outside. Isabella opened the door and saw Michael, wearing a cartoon apron, bringing out dish after dish.

Seeing her awake, he reminded her to wash her hands for dinner.

Then he went back to the kitchen to continue working.

Isabella felt a sense of unreality seeing this scene.

Michael could be so considerate. Now, without the oppressive atmosphere of the company, he had a boy-next-door charm that made people want to get close.

After dinner, Michael took care of all the housework and told her to go back to the room to take a bath and sleep.

Isabella didn't argue with him. After sleeping all afternoon, she felt even more tired.

She nodded, went back to the room, took a hot bath, changed into new pajamas, and lay on the soft bed, thinking about going back early the next morning.

Knowing she was pregnant, she felt more relaxed.

She didn't have to worry about having sex with Michael or initiating anything, nor did she have to worry about what happened in the car that night happening again.

She knew very well that this child was important to both her and Michael.

Even if their thoughts were different, he wouldn't do anything to her now.

So, her only thought now was to have a good talk with Michael about the child's custody.

But she waited in bed until very late, and Michael still didn't come.

She almost fell asleep waiting.

What she didn't know was that Michael was also struggling outside.

The doctor had made it very clear at the hospital that there should be no intimate contact in the first three months of pregnancy, as it was bad for the baby.

So, he was afraid that going in now would make Isabella uncomfortable, but not going in made him feel like something was missing.

He didn't want to do anything to Isabella; he just wanted to hold her while sleeping.

During the time she was gone, he had almost been sleepless every night.

Now that she was back, he didn't want to sleep alone anymore.

But no matter how much he didn't want to, he couldn't disturb her now.

Michael sighed, got up from the sofa, and went to the guest room next door.

Isabella heard footsteps outside and thought Michael was coming in. She sat up, but the sounds didn't seem right.

Michael didn't push the door open but went to another room.

Thinking about what she had proposed, Isabella opened the door and stopped Michael from entering the guest room.

"Wait!"

Isabella walked quickly towards him, but her action scared Michael, making his face change.

He hurriedly supported her, "Do you know you're pregnant now? Why are you walking so fast? It's not good if you hurt yourself or the baby."

"I'm fine. You don't need to be overly nervous."

Isabella didn't expect Michael to care about such a small thing.

But seeing that Michael had already opened the guest room door, she decided to go in and talk things out with him.

But Michael's eyes twitched when he saw her enter his room.

He was afraid of hurting her, so he didn't dare to share a room with her.

But she wasn't afraid of him at all?

"Isabella."

Michael stood at the door, touched his nose, and said, "It's late. Why don't you go back to the master bedroom? This room is small, and I'm afraid you won't sleep comfortably."

Isabella wasn't afraid of anything happening, but he was.

Now that she was pregnant with their child, everything had to be more careful than usual, especially the doctor's repeated warnings.

No sex in the first three months of pregnancy.

Now, even if Isabella lay next to him, even if she took off her clothes and teased him, he wouldn't dare to do anything.

After all, the child's well-being was the most important.

"I'll go back in a while. You come in first; I have something to say to you."

Isabella sat on the bed but suddenly noticed that Michael had pulled a chair and sat 15 feet away by the window.

She frowned, "Why are you sitting so far away?"

Usually, Michael acted like a horny wolf at night, clinging to her and not wanting to sleep. Why was he keeping his distance now?

Isabella was puzzled.

But Michael knew his own nature well; it was better to stay away from her.

"It's nothing. You talk, I'll listen."

He sat in the chair without any intention of getting closer to her.

###chapter 201 How Can You Be So Heartless

No one understood Isabella's allure to Michael better than he did.

If he didn't restrain himself, he feared she would see the desire in his heart. If that made her uncomfortable or repulsed, and she disappeared again, he would truly go mad.

For her, for the child, he dared not act recklessly anymore.

Seeing this, Isabella didn't think much more about it. She was exhausted after a long day and just wanted to explain things clearly to him.

"Michael, do you remember the childbearing agreement we talked about before?"

When she proposed the agreement, Michael had agreed on the surface, but he hadn't brought it up since, especially since the child's situation was uncertain at the time.

So it was put aside.

Now that she was pregnant, the agreement needed to be addressed.

Childbearing agreement?

Michael's brow furrowed deeply, and he composed himself to stabilize his emotions. "Isabella, do you know what you're saying?"

He remembered that so-called agreement very clearly.

An agreement that used money to take away his rights as a biological father-did she really think he would agree to that?

If he truly cared about money or shares in the Brown Group, he wouldn't have silently allowed Aiden to give her shares back then.

She didn't understand where his heart truly lay.

But at this moment, Isabella was determined to break free from Michael's control, so she didn't notice the change in his tone.

"I remember you agreed at the time, so I want to draft this agreement as soon as possible. I'll have the lawyer send it over tomorrow, and once we both sign, it will take effect immediately."

Such a significant matter couldn't be delayed. If Michael changed his mind midway, she wouldn't be able to explain.

Only when it had legal effect could she truly be at ease.

"Isabella, when you brought up this childbearing agreement, did you ever consider my feelings?"

Michael felt an indescribable pain in his heart.

He understood her thoughts very well.

She simply wanted the child to be under her and the Wilson Family's name. As compensation, she would return all the Brown Group shares Aiden had given her.

The price was that he, the biological father, would have no right to see the child.

The thought that her first reaction upon learning of her pregnancy was to completely get rid of him left Michael at a loss for words to express his despair.

"What do you take me for, a tool to help you have a child? Or in your eyes, am I someone who would trade my child for family shares? Isabella, how can you be so heartless!"

Michael's voice suddenly became hoarse, and Isabella thought he was just angry.

She didn't realize he was struggling to control his emotions.

But she had to make things clear to him today. Otherwise, endless entanglement with him would be the greatest harm to both of them.

"Michael, we both know this child is for my grandfather's illness. I appreciate you making a promise to him and playing along, but that doesn't mean our problems have disappeared."

Isabella continued, "Our marriage has been worn out over the past three years. There's no going back. With this child, my grandfather will be fine, so it's time to end things between us."

"How do you want to end our relationship? Give me the shares, and then you take the child and leave me?"

Michael's emotions grew colder, and his voice lowered, tinged with self-mockery.

"Or do you want a piece of paper to completely sever my relationship with the child, so I won't interfere in your life, including any future partners you find?"

Isabella was shocked.

His keen insight stunned her.

But she still wanted to reason with him.

After all, they had reached this point, and there was no turning back.

"Actually, you can look at it from another perspective. Think about it, we were already heading for divorce. You give me a sperm, and I return 55% of the Brown Group shares to you. You don't lose out."

"Of course, these shares originally belong to the Brown Group. I won't hold onto them. The reason I'm proposing this agreement now is so that we and our families can part ways amicably. It's also to make up for what I owe you."

The last sentence was just to soothe Michael's emotions.

Her main goal was to get the agreement signed as soon as possible.

She no longer hoped for a future with Michael.

So, the child's custody became her greatest wish.

But she forgot that as much as she understood Michael, he understood her just as well.

Especially after meeting her a week after she disappeared.

He knew exactly what she was thinking.

"You don't need to explain so much to me, Isabella. You just want to leave me, right?"

When he asked this, his face was unusually calm.

Because the answer was written in her evasive eyes.

Isabella opened her mouth to argue but felt it was unnecessary at this point.

"Yes!"

Michael knew hearing the answer would hurt, but he still needed to hear it from her.

Otherwise, he couldn't give up.

Isabella pursed her lips. "If you have any resentment towards me, direct it at me, not the Wilson Family."

After all, the two families had business dealings, and she and Michael were destined not to be strangers.

But if she had to go against her own heart to please him, she couldn't do it.

"Fine."

Michael took a deep breath. She really didn't care about him at all. Even at this point, her mind was still on the Wilson Family and her company.

As a fellow family heir, he couldn't help but want to applaud her sense of responsibility.

He originally thought that with a child, she would consider the child's future and give him a chance.

He had even planned how to set up the child's future room.

But she couldn't bear even a single day.

She completely shattered his dream.

"I just want to know one thing."

"Go ahead."

"Are you so eager to separate from me, even at the risk of being discovered by Daniel, because of Nolan?"

Besides Nolan, he couldn't think of anyone else who could make Isabella act so impulsively.

Even though she was carrying his child, she was thinking about Nolan.

How could she be so heartless?

However, Isabella's answer dealt him another heavy blow.

"We've come this far. Is there any point in asking that?"

Isabella was speechless.

She didn't understand why Michael was always fixated on her relationship with Nolan. They had always been innocent.

The more she explained, the more Michael would believe she was lying.

It was better to let him misunderstand. As long as he agreed to sign, it would be a great help to her.

###chapter 202 Moving Out

"I understand."

Michael clenched his palm, and his tall body actually swayed a bit.

So it wasn't all his imagination.

The person she liked in her heart had always been Nolan, who looked similar to him, not him.

So, everything she had done to him over the past three years was to miss Nolan through him.

"Go out, I will consider it."

Michael directly asked her to leave, afraid that if she stayed, he wouldn't be able to resist asking her to stay.

Isabella didn't push him further, she got up and prepared to leave.

But before leaving, she told him her plan.

"I will move out of here early tomorrow morning. I will have someone send the agreement over. I won't appear in front of you again. Please don't disturb our lives."

After saying that, she walked out of the room and thoughtfully closed the door for him.

Finally, she said softly outside the door, "Michael, goodbye!"

They would never see each other again.

Inside the room, Michael felt like a part of his heart was empty.

Deep despair completely engulfed him. From now on, he was going to lose her.

He was unwilling!

Isabella was his wife, and now she was carrying his child. He couldn't and wouldn't let go.

Anger and reluctance made him quickly stand up from his chair. He wanted to rush over and grab her hand, asking her not to leave him.

No matter what conditions she proposed, he was willing to do it.

As long as she stayed.

But when he reached the door, Michael's rationality prevailed.

She was pregnant now. If he rushed over and denied all her plans, it would definitely upset her.

If anything happened to her, he would regret it for the rest of his life.

For now, he could only take it slow.

The child in Isabella's belly was his. Only he could be called the father, no one else!

The next morning, in the president's office of the Brown Group.

"This is the plan your entire department spent three days writing? Anyone off the street could write something better than this. If you can't use your brain at work, then don't bother coming!"

Michael, dressed in a refined suit, slammed the plan on the desk in anger, scaring the planning department manager opposite him pale.

"Mr. Brown, this is already the third revision."

"Go back and rewrite it!"

"Yes!"

The planning department manager swallowed hard, grabbed the document, and ran out, afraid that if he was a second later, it would be worse.

Aaron was outside, watching the planning department manager's surprisingly agile movements despite his fat body. He didn't know whether to laugh or worry.

This was the seventh one!

From the unlucky sales department to HR, planning, PR, finance, even the legal department wasn't spared.

Even if he was slow, he could see that something was very wrong with Michael today.

Although Michael's temper wasn't great usually, it had never been this bad.

It was like he had a huge fire in his heart, scolding anyone he could.

Just as Aaron was wondering whether to go on an errand to avoid the situation, Michael's deep voice suddenly came from inside, "Where are you? Aaron! Can't you see my coffee is cold? Get me a fresh one."

Aaron took a deep breath. It was clear that Michael's anger had now shifted to him.

He could only resign himself to go to the break room to make another cup of coffee.

He just hoped that Michael would go easy on him for being so diligent.

In the large office, Michael's long fingers pressed against his brow, and the anger seemed endless.

It made him extremely irritable.

Even he didn't know what was wrong.

These were all common small problems, but it felt like there was a fire in his heart that he couldn't release, and everything he saw was filled with emotion.

It was just unfortunate for the company's employees. He sighed helplessly and called the finance department.

He told them to double the internal bonuses this month, without any reason.

Isabella had moved out of Elysian Heights Estate early in the morning.

He probably wouldn't return there for a long time. Seeing the scenes where they had lived together would only remind him of being with Isabella, making him feel worse.

So, for the next month, or even longer, he would likely immerse himself in work.

He wasn't the kind of capitalist who exploited people. On the contrary, he was generous, only asking for satisfactory efficiency.

Of course, if someone was just there to take a high salary but did a sloppy job, he would be less tolerant than usual.

In the break room, Aaron looked at the freshly made coffee and thought of Michael's gloomy face in the office, shivering involuntarily.

Would he be fired by Michael for some reason as soon as he went in?

Or would Michael scold him like he did the planning department manager because of some imperfection in his work?

As he hesitated about how to avoid Michael's criticism, a beautiful figure suddenly appeared beside him.

"Mr. Hill, what's wrong?"

Violet's voice was sweet but not unpleasant.

Aaron turned his head and saw Violet, who had been transferred to the secretary department. Her well-tailored dress accentuated her slender and graceful figure.

With Violet's alluring face, it was no wonder Michael personally wanted her to join.

Right! Michael seemed to know Violet.

If she went in to calm Michael down, maybe they could avoid an unknown disaster.

"Ms. Cooper, what are you holding?"

Aaron noticed that Violet was holding an urgent document that should have been delivered to Michael for signature by an old employee.

But Violet was just a newcomer to the company.

This kind of task shouldn't have fallen to her. It seemed that the people in the secretary department had also noticed Michael's bad temper today.

They pushed the intern Violet out.

Violet held the document and smiled sweetly, "This is a document that needs Mr. Brown's signature. Mr. Hill, are you also going to Mr. Brown's office? Do you want me to take the coffee in for you?"

Violet had already sensed the tense atmosphere in the company. She was so eager to take Aaron's task because she wanted some alone time with Michael.

She also wanted everyone to see that she was special to Michael, and only she could enter Michael's office at this time without any issues.

Aaron didn't expect an intern like Violet to be so bold. She wasn't afraid of Michael's temper at all. But thinking about Violet's figure and face, he understood.

"Alright, then I'll trouble you, Ms. Cooper."

"This is what I should do."

Violet said, picking up the coffee and holding the document, she walked to the office door and knocked.

"Mr. Brown, there's a document that needs your signature. I'll bring it in."

At this moment, Michael's voice came from inside, "Come in!"

Violet's lips curved into a smile. Ignoring the curious eyes behind her, she walked in confidently.

###chapter 203 Unintentional Teasing

The moment the door closed, the people from the secretary department rushed out and secretly crouched at the door, waiting for Violet to be kicked out in a while.

After all, it was they who deliberately arranged for Violet to deliver documents to Michael's office at this time.

Their goal was to push out Violet, the capable and outstanding-looking intern.

Everyone knew that when Michael got angry, the person who ran into him wouldn't end up well.

Even Aaron didn't dare to go in, yet Violet, with a happy face, took on the task and went into the president's office alone.

They wondered if Violet had lost her mind.

But what they didn't know was that Violet had been waiting for this opportunity for a long time.

She knew Michael too well over the years.

What could suddenly put him in a bad mood must be a conflict with Isabella. If that was the case, then her chance had come.

Inside the office, Michael was processing documents with his head down when Violet brought coffee to him and said softly, "Mr. Brown, your coffee."

Hearing the familiar voice, Michael raised his eyes slightly, saw Violet in front of him, and frowned slightly, quickly changing his expression to one of surprise.

"Why is it you, Ms. Cooper? When did you join the secretary department? I wasn't even informed."

Upon closer listening, there was an indescribable tenderness in his tone.

However, this was all intentional on Michael's part.

He couldn't be 100% sure of Violet's identity now, so he couldn't alert her before figuring out her purpose.

Facing Michael's deep gaze, Violet couldn't help but tremble in her heart.

She smiled, "I also think I got promoted too quickly. It took less than a month to get into the secretary department, but the minister insisted on hiring me exceptionally."

Michael squinted his eyes meaningfully, "Perhaps you have the abilities that others don't, but you just haven't discovered them yet, Ms. Cooper."

Standing in front of the desk, Michael reached out, his slender fingers inadvertently brushing her arm before picking up the cup of coffee.

He tasted it carefully, his eyes slightly raised, "The coffee is good. It would be even better if you bring it next time."

Michael's previous subtle flirtation and the ambiguous words that followed were intentional.

Violet's face turned red instantly.

She was completely captivated by Michael's sexy charm, her heartbeat so loud that she could hear it herself.

"Mr. Brown, if you like it, I'll bring it to you next time."

Violet bit her lip, her eyes seductively looking at Michael sitting in the office chair, even her final words carried a hint of seduction.

"Then I'll wait for you to work hard and stand by my side openly."

Michael clearly referred to a work relationship, but with the previous intentional flirtation, these words became a blatant recognition and promise.

Standing openly by Michael's side was something she dreamed of.

She didn't expect this wish to come true so soon!

"I..." Violet swallowed nervously, so happy that she didn't know what to say.

"Ms. Cooper, you think can't do it?" Michael added.

"I can!"

Spurred by Michael's words, Violet blurted out without thinking.

Even in the past, Michael had never been so gentle and serious with her. She always had to take the initiative, even shamelessly sticking to him to get a response or two.

She didn't expect that after changing her identity, he would be so proactive.

Violet excitedly clenched her fists.

Could it be that he finally realized his feelings, going around in circles, and found that the person he liked was still her?

If one day he knew she was Bianca, would he be as excited as she was, almost fainting?

Just as she tried to get closer to him, a phone call interrupted the ambiguous atmosphere between them.

After a few hurried words on the phone, seeing Violet still standing in front of him, Michael's eyes had already regained clarity.

Covering the phone, Michael questioned her, "Do you have anything else?"

His tone was cold and serious, his aloof and indifferent nature making it seem like everything that just happened was a dream.

But only Violet knew that everything that just happened was real.

Michael really said those words to her and promised her.

His sudden indifference must be because it was inconvenient for him to be too intimate with her in front of others.

After all, he and Isabella hadn't officially divorced yet.

For the sake of their future, she just had to endure this period.

Besides, this was the company, he must be thinking about her reputation, which was why he acted this way.

Thinking this, Violet had already made up her mind.

She calmly handed over the documents, watched Michael sign his name with a flourish, then picked up the documents and said, "Mr. Brown, if you have nothing else, I'll leave."

She smiled at him, turned around, and opened the office door.

Outside, a group of people waiting to see Violet's joke were stunned to see her come out of the president's office unscathed.

Even long-time employees who had worked at the company for over a decade couldn't escape Michael's wrath.

Michael actually let a newcomer like Violet off the hook!

This was too strange.

However, Violet turned her back on the crowd and went in another direction, holding the documents and entering the restroom.

It was work time, so there was no one inside.

Violet quickly took out her phone and dialed a number.

The call was quickly answered, but the tone was unusually harsh, "Are you looking for death? Calling me at this time?"

The voice on the other end was a man's, but it was specially processed, hoarse and low, very unreal.

But Violet couldn't care less at this moment.

She was used to his bad attitude.

"Don't be mad, I have great news to tell you, don't you want to hear it?"

The man was silent for a moment, then said, "What good news?"

Violet suppressed her excitement and lowered her voice, "I tell you, just now Michael admitted that he likes me!"

"He also said that I should become more excellent, and then appear in front of everyone with him."

"Do you think he has already planned our future in his heart? I feel like I'm the happiest person in the world right now."

Contrary to Violet's excitement, the person on the other end of the phone calmly reminded her.

"He suddenly said he likes you, don't you find it strange?"

"Strange? Could it be fake?"

Violet didn't think there was anything strange. What if Michael finally realized his true feelings?

Feelings were unpredictable.

The person on the phone sneered, "You should ask yourself that. How would I know what he's thinking?"

Violet firmly asked, "No one knows better than you. Tell me, did Michael and Isabella have another fight?
What was the result this time?"

The man quickly responded, "It's impossible between them!"

###chapter 204 They Have No Chance Anymore

"Impossible?" Violet muttered softly, and then she heard the sound of the phone being hung up.

She realized it belatedly.

If it was impossible between Michael and Isabella, then her chance had come!

No wonder Michael confessed to her just now and said those things. It turned out he had really figured it out and realized who he truly liked.

Even though Isabella was the young lady of the Wilson Family, she still lost to her.

Three days later, inside the villa at Whispering Pines Estates.

Isabella lay on the swing on the balcony with her eyes closed, enjoying a peaceful afternoon without any disturbances.

But as soon as she closed her eyes, she couldn't help but picture a handsome and innocent face.

Michael again.

Isabella sat up abruptly and took a deep breath.

Isabella, oh Isabella, how useless could you be?

You already decided to let go, so why did you still think of that bad man Michael from time to time?

Her mood suddenly turned sour, and Isabella couldn't enjoy it anymore. She went inside to find the maid to make her something to eat.

She had consulted a doctor, and she was in the critical first three months.

She needed to rest and couldn't handle any stress.

And she valued this child very much.

So she handed over all the company matters to Emilio and hired a nanny to take care of her daily needs.

Cinda Greer was a maid she personally selected, a forty-year-old with a gentle temperament and good cooking skills. Most importantly, she had experience taking care of pregnant women.

Isabella took a liking to her at first sight.

And it turned out her judgment was right; she got along very well with Cinda.

When it was just the two of them, Isabella would call her Cinda.

Since it was still early for dinner, Cinda cut some fresh fruit for Isabella to eat first.

Isabella had just taken a bite when there was a knock on the door.

Cinda, being closer to the kitchen, went to answer it.

When she opened the door and saw Nolan in a wheelchair, Cinda was momentarily stunned. "May I ask who you are?"

Nolan smiled warmly and introduced himself, "I'm Isabella's friend."

Not an elder of Isabella, but a friend.

Cinda suddenly realized, "You must be Mr. Brown. Ms. Taylor mentioned you. Sorry, I didn't recognize you. Please come in!"

Seeing Nolan pushing his wheelchair by himself, Cinda instinctively wanted to help. "Do you need me to push you in?"

"No need, I can manage."

Nolan politely shook his head and easily wheeled himself inside.

Cinda followed behind and told Isabella, who was on the sofa, "Ms. Taylor, your good friend Mr. Brown is here."

From a distance, Isabella saw Nolan in the wheelchair and excitedly got up, walking over in her slippers.

She walked so fast that she almost bumped into Nolan's wheelchair.

Nolan, startled and helpless, reached out to steady her briefly before quickly withdrawing his hand.

"You're about to be a mother, and you're still so reckless. What if you hurt your belly?"

Isabella, having slipped just now, felt a bit embarrassed by Nolan's words.

She quickly stood up straight and half-jokingly said, "I was just excited to see you, Nolan. By the way, why did you come suddenly? Don't you have classes this afternoon?"

She had called him in the morning when Nolan had just finished a class, and she had told him about Michael and the child.

She hadn't left the house for days and was feeling quite bored.

After thinking it over, she realized Nolan was the only one she could vent to.

She didn't expect Nolan to act so quickly and come over.

Fortunately, she had informed the security in advance, or Nolan would have been stopped outside.

Nolan just smiled and didn't explain much. "I don't have classes this afternoon. I was worried you'd be bored alone, so I came over."

In fact, his schedule was full today, but what Isabella said on the phone had unsettled him, so he took a leave and came from the school.

Isabella, unaware, thought she was lucky. "Really? Then you can chat with me today, Nolan."

Cinda brought over some tea, but placed a cup of spring water in front of Isabella.

Pregnant women shouldn't drink strong tea, and Cinda always thought of these little details for Isabella.

Nolan nodded politely, and after Cinda left, he took a deep breath and asked,

"Isabella, is what you said on the phone true? You and Michael are impossible to be together?"

Although the news of their divorce had spread, he was still shocked when it came to this point.

After all, Isabella's love for Michael was something even he couldn't doubt.

Isabella nonchalantly replied, "Of course it's true. I wouldn't joke about this with you, Nolan. It's over between us."

Then she picked up a strawberry, took a small bite, found it delicious, and handed him a big one. "Nolan, have a strawberry. It's not sour, very sweet."

Nolan smiled and took it, watching Isabella continue eating the one she had bitten. He couldn't help but wonder.

If it was Michael sitting in front of her, would she give him a new one or the one she had bitten?

Isabella tried to change the subject, but Nolan didn't follow. He looked at her intently.

"Isabella, you haven't told me the reason for your divorce."

Isabella could see his dissatisfaction and seriousness and said helplessly,

"Nolan, what's wrong with you? You used to advise me to let go of this relationship. Now that I have, you're unhappy?"

Many times, even she found it unbelievable. Nolan and Michael had faces that were seventy to eighty percent similar.

But she never saw a trace of Michael in Nolan.

Not even their backs could be mistaken.

Their differences were evident from their very core.

"Before, I advised you to let go because I didn't want you trapped in a loveless marriage. But now, you have a child. The future is complicated. You are not just yourself now; you have a child. The decisions you make can't be impulsive." Nolan advised earnestly.

But Isabella didn't think she was impulsive. On the contrary, this was her calmest decision.

She didn't even have a fight with Michael.

"Nolan, this child is mine. It has nothing to do with the Brown Family or Michael. So, there's nothing complicated between Michael and me. Or do you think the Wilson Family can't afford to raise a child?"

At this point, she seemed a bit angry.

She had always considered Nolan her most trusted person.

But she didn't expect him to persuade her to reconsider her relationship with Michael for the sake of the child.

Didn't he think about how much she had suffered? Did having a child mean she had to give up her entire life?

Nolan's thoughts made her angry.

###chapter 205 A Great Joy

Nolan sighed when he saw Isabella's reaction.

"Isabella, that's not what I meant. Of course, I know the strength of the Wilson Family. It's not just the Wilson Family; you alone can take good care of the child. But have you ever thought about this: the child has been without a father since birth."

"The role of a father is irreplaceable. I don't want the child to miss out on this part of emotional development."

Isabella instinctively wanted to refute this theory, but when her gaze fell on Nolan's face, she saw his reddened eyes and his restrained emotions.

She closed her eyes and swallowed back all the words she wanted to argue.

She almost forgot that Nolan's childhood lacked parental care, which was why he still couldn't let go to this day.

If she had impulsively said something hurtful just now, she would really regret it.

She was about to change the subject.

She inadvertently noticed the silver watch on Nolan's wrist, the first gift she had given him many years ago.

It was a classic model from a brand, but it was really old fashion now.

She didn't expect Nolan to still wear it.

Nolan also noticed her gaze and unconsciously covered his sleeve, "I'm used to wearing it. I like it a lot, so I never took it off."

His voice was light, but it also showed how much he cherished it, wearing a watch for so many years without it breaking.

This was one of the things that set Nolan apart from others.

He was a very nostalgic and affectionate person, and everything around him was used for a long time and he was reluctant to replace it.

Even if something broke, he would find an identical one to replace it.

Over the years, he had very few friends.

How could someone like Nolan not understand the pain in her heart?

She knew he was saying all this for her own good, and even the words he just said were a reflection of his own childhood.

He was tearing open his own wounds to show her the bloody truth.

But she was really too tired and didn't want to continue with Michael anymore.

"Nolan, I know you're doing this for my own good, but we've really reached the end. We can't go on."

She had thought about trying again with Michael for the sake of the child.

After all, Michael was a man she had deeply loved, and she was reluctant to let go.

But the result was that she didn't even have a place in his heart. There was Bianca before, and now there's Violet. She was exhausted.

She didn't want to persist anymore.

Not getting his love, she gave up.

Suddenly, Nolan grabbed her wrist, "Isabella, answer me one question seriously."

Isabella looked up and met his face, which was very similar to Michael's.

They were clearly similar people, but she couldn't help but think of Michael's every move.

"You say you don't like him anymore, you don't love him anymore, so why do you have expectations for having his child?"

Isabella opened her mouth but remained silent.

Nolan sighed and let go of her hand, "Isabella, I'm not forcing you. I just don't want you to regret this choice in the future. Think about it carefully."

Isabella fell into her own thoughts, not even noticing when Nolan left.

When she hesitated, the answer was already clear.

If she didn't like Michael, why would she feel joy and anticipation for their child?

In the evening, Isabella sat at the dining table, eating the nutritious meal Cinda had prepared for her. Each dish was beautifully presented.

The enticing colors and aromas wafted into her nose.

She took a bite but found that no flavor could stimulate her appetite.

But for the sake of the child, she still ate some before getting up to leave.

As soon as she returned to her room, Atticus called.

"Isabella, it's been three days. Can you tell me what you wanted to say before?"

Atticus's words reminded Isabella that time had passed so quickly. It had been three days since she moved out of Michael's house.

It was time to tell her Grandpa and those uncles about the pregnancy.

"Uncle Atticus, I'll visit the Wilson Family tomorrow to see Grandpa. You'll know then."

Isabella hung up the phone and planned to make the pregnancy public when she returned tomorrow.

Little did she know, Atticus was already aware of the situation.

"Isabella said she's coming back tomorrow?"

"Does that mean she's going to tell us about the child?"

"Thank heavens, the Wilson Family finally has a descendant!"

"This child came at the perfect time. Dad will be overjoyed when he finds out."

The uncles couldn't hide their smiles.

They thought about the moment they would meet Isabella tomorrow and tried to keep their expressions in check.

The bodyguards around Isabella were specially trained by the Wilson Family, and the news Michael tried to suppress at the hospital couldn't escape their eyes.

When they received the call about Isabella and Michael being together, Atticus had already found out they went to the hospital and she was pregnant.

They didn't reveal it because they were afraid it would affect Isabella's emotions. A pregnant woman's body couldn't handle stress.

Even when Isabella moved back to Whispering Pines Estates, they knew, and even the nanny, Cinda, was personally chosen by Holden.

They wanted to ensure that if anything happened to Isabella, the people around her had to pass their scrutiny first.

In the past few days, seeing Isabella's improved mood and appetite, they finally felt relieved.

Otherwise, they wouldn't dare to bring up the child in front of her.

At this moment, Orion Wilson suddenly said, "Such a big happy event, should we tell Dad first to make him happy? After all, he's been longing for Isabella's child."

This statement sparked a debate among the uncles.

Ultimately, Atticus decided, "Let's not tell Dad about this yet. You all know Isabella's temperament. If she isn't the first one to reveal it and get mad, Dad will blame us."

"Besides, Isabella is the one who's pregnant. It's best if she tells Dad herself."

"Atticus is right. We shouldn't take credit for Isabella's news."

"Alright, let's agree on this. Tomorrow, we'll leave everything to Isabella."

Everyone nodded in agreement.

They happily anticipated tomorrow's good news.

But Isabella, on the other hand, was too worried to sleep.

This time when she returned home, she couldn't hide the pregnancy anymore.

But last time in front of Daniel, she and Michael had confidently said they would reconcile. If she returned alone this time, Daniel would definitely be suspicious.

Moreover, to make Daniel believe she and Michael still had feelings, she had said they would soon have a child.

Now the child was here, but Michael was not.

How was she going to explain this to Daniel?

She didn't want him to think she had the child just to make him feel at ease while he was sick.

###chapter 206 I Only Want You

Isabella felt a severe headache just thinking about having to bring Michael home no matter what.

But time wouldn't give her a chance to hesitate; the problem had to be solved.

It was already 7 PM.

She took a deep breath and finally called Michael.

At the same time, Michael was at the Brown Group, he had been spending several days at the company. Now, he was sitting on the sofa with his eyes closed, resting.

The fatigue on his face was visible.

Seeing Isabella's call, for a moment, he wondered if his eyes were playing tricks on him from reading too much.

She had left so heartlessly; how could she possibly call him?

It wasn't until the phone kept ringing that Michael realized it was really Isabella calling.

Michael clenched his fist and quickly answered, "What's up?"

His voice was indifferent, much like his usual business tone.

But he had to ask this way; otherwise, he feared that if he exposed his emotions, Isabella would say something even more despairing.

Only he knew how he had spent these three days.

Apart from endlessly using work to numb himself, he had no other way.

He really, really missed her.

He missed those nights when they slept in each other's arms, missed her passionate responses to him, and even her occasional little tantrums had become incredibly cute in his eyes.

The next second, Isabella's gentle voice interrupted his thoughts. "Sorry to bother you at this time."

Isabella politely stated her purpose, "Tomorrow, I need to visit the Wilson Family to see my grandfather. It's impossible to hide the pregnancy, so I want to ask you to accompany me to this occasion."

Afraid he wouldn't agree, Isabella added, "It won't take too long, just enough to not let my grandfather see through it."

She seemed to understand Nolan's words now.

A few hours ago, she had firmly said that she would never be entangled with Michael again.

But now, she had to ask Michael for help.

She didn't want to speak to Michael so humbly, but thinking of Daniel waiting for her to reconcile with Michael, she had to do it.

"Okay! What time?"

Michael agreed very straightforwardly.

He almost didn't hesitate, which shocked Isabella.

"You agreed?"

She had thought so much, but he didn't even need to consider it?

Michael asked her back, "Do you want me to refuse?"

"No, I just thought you would need time to think about it."

The more Isabella explained, the more guilty she felt.

But Michael saw it very clearly, "No need to think. No matter what happens between us, Your grandpa is always my elder. Besides, I was the one who made this request at the hospital. It's my responsibility to visit Mr. Wilson with you."

This time, it was Isabella who felt embarrassed.

When did Michael become so understanding?

"Ahem, since that's the case, you should know that our visit to the Wilson Family is not just a formality. To avoid arousing my grandfather's suspicion, we need to act like a loving couple in front of him."

After saying this, Isabella was so ashamed that she couldn't lift her head.

They had just decided to separate three days ago, and now they had to act like a loving couple. She couldn't accept it herself.

"Understood! I have no problem with that. But you, don't act too stiff to arouse Mr. Wilson's suspicion. ."

"Nonsense, if you can do it, why can't I?" Isabella retorted without thinking.

Hearing her return to her normal tone, Michael couldn't help but smile. Fortunately, they were on the phone, and Isabella couldn't see the triumphant expression on his face.

But the next second, he couldn't smile anymore.

"Michael, we should make things clear. This time, I need your help and will take up your time. You can name your condition; otherwise, I won't feel at ease."

Michael's heart sank.

She wanted to exchange conditions for his time, not wanting to owe him anything in the future, and to cut off all ties with him.

He knew exactly what she was thinking, which made the pain come unexpectedly.

"You want to buy my time with money?"

Michael sneered, "Isabella, we are of equal status. Why don't you calculate my daily salary as the president of the Brown Group and pay me accordingly?"

Isabella was instantly choked.

The Brown Group's daily net profit was calculated in billions of dollars. How could she pay that?

Could she really afford to lose billions of dollars just to ask him to visit the Wilson Family?

Why should she? He was also the father of the child. She hadn't even asked him for child support, and now he was asking her for money. How was that fair?

"No way, your price is too high. I don't have that much money."

Even if she had, she wouldn't be willing to give it.

Michael had already guessed she would say that and laughed, "Then forget it. I'll help you for free this time."

"No, I don't want to owe you anything."

It wasn't easy to convince him to agree to a peaceful breakup. If he continued to entangle, she feared it would be harder to let go of him.

"Michael, except for the child's custody, I won't object to anything you ask."

Isabella was determined to break off the relationship with him.

"Okay!" Michael was also very straightforward, "I want you!"

He only wanted her.

The child was with her and couldn't run away.

But if she ran away, he really couldn't find her.

"What?"

Isabella was completely stunned. Michael didn't want the child but wanted her?

"Michael, say that again?"

Did she hear it wrong?

"I didn't say anything. You heard wrong."

Being asked about his true thoughts by Isabella, Michael's face couldn't help but change color. He cleared his throat and quickly changed the topic.

"I'll pick you up at 7 AM. It's late, go to sleep."

After saying that, Michael quickly hung up the phone without waiting for her response.

Leaving Isabella, who didn't get an answer, holding the phone in a daze.

She shouldn't have heard wrong. Michael really said that, but his retraction was also true.

Indeed, how could he choose her over the child?

She was overthinking.

Thinking about meeting Daniel early the next morning, Isabella went to bed early.

The next morning, she put on light makeup and changed into a comfortable outfit before going downstairs.

Cinda had already prepared breakfast. Seeing that it was getting late, she sat down and quickly ate a few bites.

Thinking that Daniel and her uncles might ask her to stay for a while, she needed to inform Cinda.

"Cinda, I'm going to visit my grandfather today and might stay there for a while. If I don't come back tonight, consider it a holiday. I'll call you before I return, so you don't have to worry."

"By the way, don't worry about your salary; it will be paid as usual."

###chapter 207 I'm Really Not Lying to You

Cinda was very grateful, "Ms. Taylor, you are the best person I have ever met. Don't worry, I will take good care of you and the baby in the future."

Isabella nodded with a smile, "I'll be counting on you a lot after the baby is born."

Michael arrived soon, and Cinda put the packed bags in the car. She watched Isabella leave before packing her own things.

Neither of them spoke on the way.

Isabella, who was a bit drowsy during her pregnancy, found the situation too awkward to be alone with Michael, so she closed her eyes and slept.

She was sleeping soundly when a rumbling woke her up.

She thought it was the sound of her own stomach.

After all, she often felt hungry these days.

But after listening carefully, she realized it wasn't from her stomach, especially since she had just had breakfast and shouldn't be hungry so soon.

There were only two people in the car, so if it wasn't her, then it must be...

Isabella turned to look at Michael, who was driving seriously, and asked, "Michael, did you come without having breakfast?"

"I don't have the habit of eating breakfast."

Michael's answer wasn't exactly a lie, as his breakfast usually consisted of just a cup of coffee and a few slices of bread.

He had developed the habit of eating breakfast during their time at Elysian Heights Estate.

But to free up today, he had worked through the night at the company to handle everything in advance and had slept for less than four hours before coming over.

He simply didn't have time for breakfast.

Just when he thought he could endure it, the car suddenly filled with the smell of bread.

Before Michael could react, a sandwich with fried eggs and vegetables appeared in front of him, followed by Isabella's extremely exasperated expression.

"This is an extra one Cinda prepared for me. I can't finish it, so don't be picky."

She wasn't worried about whether he would be hungry, but rather didn't want him to look so pitiful because of her.

Seeing her turn her head after handing over the sandwich, Michael suddenly found her very cute.

He took the sandwich from her hand.

The Wilson Family.

Several uncles knew Isabella was coming today and had been waiting at the door early in the morning.

But what they didn't expect was that the first person they saw getting out of the car was Michael.

Thinking about how Daniel was still concerned about the couple's relationship, they all understood.

It was Isabella who was suffering.

Even at this time, she had to bring along this jerk Michael.

Since Daniel was allowed to return home to recuperate, he had been monitored by a family doctor. Although his spirits had improved, his body was not what it used to be.

After greeting her uncles, Isabella walked into the hall hand in hand with Michael and saw Daniel having a meal.

But Daniel didn't seem to have much of an appetite, putting down his utensils after a few bites.

"Grandpa, I'm here. Did you eat well today?"

Isabella deliberately called out, sitting down next to Daniel, "Grandpa, what do you have in your bowl? It smells so good."

She pretended to sniff it, making Daniel laugh.

"Isabella, you like it? Someone, bring another bowl for Isabella to try."

"I don't know where Holden got the idea, but he insists on making me eat these health supplements. I'm tired of them."

Daniel waved his hand, and the butler quickly went to get it.

But Isabella took the bowl, blowing on the hot porridge and feeding it to Daniel, "Grandpa, Uncle Holden is doing it for your good. If you get sick and they don't come back, you'll be upset for a long time. Now that the uncles are here to take care of you, don't blame them."

She fed the porridge to Daniel bit by bit.

Daniel complained to Isabella while eating the porridge she fed him.

"I don't care if they come back. I want them to settle down. Do you see any of them listening?"

"If they all had a grandson for me, it would be better than any medicine."

"Grandpa, you can't say that. The uncles have their own ideas. The more you push them, the worse it will be. You need to find their weaknesses."

"What weaknesses?"

Daniel was suddenly interested.

But Isabella didn't finish, "I need to think about it before I can tell you. Otherwise, the uncles will come after me."

When the uncles came over, they saw Isabella holding an empty bowl, talking to Daniel.

Their eyes lit up.

Isabella was indeed impressive, getting Daniel to finish a bowl of porridge in just a few words.

Daniel pouted and turned his gaze to Michael, who was sitting quietly on the side.

He looked at the two of them in confusion, "Isn't the company busy lately? How do you two have time to come together today?"

Afraid that Michael might say something to make Daniel misunderstand, Isabella quickly said, "Grandpa, we actually have some great news to tell you today."

Hearing this, Daniel's eyes lit up, "Are you two reconciled and not getting a divorce?"

When he saw Isabella asking for a divorce online, he was very upset.

If Michael had really wronged Isabella, he would have taught him a lesson and taken Isabella away from the Brown Family.

But after observing for a while, he realized Michael wasn't the playboy he had imagined.

In fact, Michael only had Isabella by his side.

But why their relationship had deteriorated to this point was still a mystery to him.

Isabella had liked him so much before. If she still had feelings for Michael, as a grandfather, he naturally wanted to see Isabella happy.

Otherwise, how could he face his deceased daughter Grace and his wife?

Isabella was startled.

She hadn't expected Daniel to still remember her and Michael's divorce issue so deeply.

Even though they had put on a show at the hospital, it had no effect on Daniel.

"Grandpa, what are you thinking about?"

Isabella clung to his arm, acting spoiled, "Michael and I are getting along very well. We haven't mentioned divorce for a long time. Please don't bring it up again. I don't want to recall sad things."

"Are you lying to me again?" Daniel snorted, "If your relationship is good, why haven't you had a child yet?"

Isabella knew that if she didn't show some evidence, Daniel wouldn't believe that she and Michael still had feelings for each other.

"Grandpa, I'm not lying this time. Look!"

Isabella took out the medical report from her bag and handed it to Daniel.

The words "early pregnancy" were clearly printed on the report in front of Daniel.

"This..."

Daniel was shocked, holding the report up to his eyes and hurriedly putting on his glasses to examine it carefully.

Finally, he looked back at Isabella's belly.

"Isabella, you really have a baby!"

"My great-grandchild, the hope of the Wilson Family, my long-cherished wish has finally come true."

###chapter 208 The Look of Love

"Grandpa, do you believe me now?"

Isabella pointed to her belly, "From now on, you need to eat well and take care of yourself. You promised to help me take care of the baby, so you can't go back on your word."

"Alright, alright, I will definitely take good care of myself so I can play with my great-grandchild."

Daniel was overjoyed.

Isabella having a child gave him a new lease on life.

Seeing Daniel so happy, the uncles nearby also had more smiles on their faces.

They all came over to tease Daniel about being "biased."

"See, I told you all that Dad only cares about Isabella. No matter what we say, it doesn't matter. As soon as Isabella comes, he eats and feels better."

Kian said with a smile, intentionally stirring the atmosphere.

"Exactly, Dad probably only listens to Isabella now. We are all out of favor."

Holden walked around the sofa and pressed Daniel's shoulder lightly, sighing on purpose as he talked about the brothers' importance.

"Nonsense, who said you are out of favor?"

Daniel pretended to be angry and then snorted, "You never had favor in the first place. Isabella is my favorite."

His words made everyone laugh.

None of the uncles were angry; instead, they felt they hadn't given Isabella enough love to make up for her childhood.

Isabella quietly observed Daniel, feeling a surge of emotions.

Before his serious illness, Daniel didn't look so old. But after two surgeries, he aged significantly in just a few months.

The uncles had told her that Daniel's memory was deteriorating, often repeating old stories.

Sometimes, he would throw tantrums like a child and needed to be coaxed.

At first, she didn't believe it, but everything since she walked in showed that Daniel was indeed getting old.

She shouldn't be so willful anymore.

In the final stretch of his life, she wanted to accompany Daniel and ensure he left without regrets.

Happy times always flew by. After lunch, the uncles had their own matters to attend to and left one by one.

Isabella was reluctant to leave Daniel, but Michael was waiting for her to speak up.

She was pregnant and had nothing to do, but Michael had work.

If she didn't want to reveal the truth to Daniel, she had to leave with Michael in the same car, so Daniel wouldn't suspect anything.

Before she could figure out how to speak up, Daniel spoke first.

"Isabella, wait a moment. I have something to discuss with you and Michael."

After the uncles left, Michael finally sat beside Isabella openly, holding her hand as they approached Daniel.

Both were outstanding in appearance and top talents in their fields. Holding hands, they looked like a perfect match.

Daniel was still worried about their relationship.

If he couldn't see his beloved Isabella in a happy marriage, he wouldn't be at ease.

Thinking of their past conflicts, Daniel sighed.

"Isabella, Michael, now that you have a child, I must remind you of something."

"Being a parent is not just a title; it's a responsibility you must fulfill. You will gradually experience this. I just want to ask, are you really ready for this?"

He was old and wouldn't interfere in the younger generation's affairs anymore.

Even though he knew Michael cared for Isabella, it was up to Michael to make the effort.

He could only help this much.

Daniel didn't address their relationship issues directly but focused on their upcoming roles as parents.

As the heads of their families, Michael and Isabella understood Daniel's underlying message.

Isabella's eyes flashed, and she moved closer to Michael.

She playfully said to Daniel, "Grandpa, you sounded so serious. I thought it was something big. Don't worry, Michael and I have already talked things through. We're just waiting for our baby to be born."

She glanced at Michael, her eyes filled with shyness and obvious love.

No one would doubt that such a loving couple could be broken up already.

Meeting Isabella's loving gaze, Michael was momentarily stunned.

Even though he knew it was fake, his heart couldn't help but race. If only it were real.

Isabella secretly tugged at his clothes, bringing Michael back to reality. He tightly held her hand and spoke softly.

"Grandpa, I will remember your words. But please rest assured, Isabella and I have resolved our misunderstandings and found our way back to each other. We will live a happy life together."

"Take good care of yourself. The baby is waiting to call you great-grandfather."

Michael's words reassured Daniel.

After all, only they knew what was said in the hospital.

Seeing them so sweet together, Daniel felt at ease.

"Good, I look forward to that day. As long as I see you happy, I have no other wishes."

Thinking of holding his great-grandchild soon, Daniel's eyes crinkled with joy.

Seeing this, Isabella secretly breathed a sigh of relief.

Fortunately, she brought Michael today; otherwise, she might not have been able to fool Daniel alone.

But she suddenly remembered something else.

She quickly changed the subject, "Grandpa, there are still a few uncles who aren't married. Aren't you worried they'll be jealous if you only care about me?"

Mentioning his five sons, Daniel felt frustrated.

"I want to manage them, but do any of them listen to me? Atticus is serving the country, and I can't even ask about him. Kian and Holden are all smarter than me. Orion and Thomas are obedient but don't take action."

"I have no hope for their marriages."

Daniel waved his hand, "If I don't worry about you, who else can I worry about? I don't want to deal with them at all."

"Grandpa, don't be discouraged."

Seeing Daniel no longer questioning her and Michael, Isabella let go of his hand and sat beside him.

"Grandpa, do you want to see my uncles bring home girlfriends?" Isabella raised an eyebrow and continued, "Then they can have your favorite grandchildren, calling you grandpa every day!"

###chapter 209 Helping Uncles with Blind Dates

"Why wouldn't I want that?"

Daniel's eyes lit up at the thought of this scene, but soon turned back to disappointment.

"I dream of seeing them start families, but they don't seem to be in any hurry."

He'd lived to this age, and nothing was more desirable than having grandchildren.

But he didn't really have the right to blame his sons.

Thinking back, if anyone was to blame, it was himself.

When he was young, he was so focused on his career that he neglected his family and the growth of his children, ignoring their inner needs.

As a result, Grace was deceived by Indigo's lies and ran away. He was unaware and used harsh words that hurt Grace so much she never returned, leading to a bad outcome.

And his five sons, after witnessing Grace's fate, lost all interest in marriage.

They even avoided it.

They've had very few relationships over the years.

Every time he thought about this, he regretted it deeply. He felt he had failed his promise to his wife, Luna Reed, by not taking good care of their children.

"Grandpa, don't be sad. You still have me."

"In fact, I've been thinking about my uncles' life events for a long time. I've even collected a list of all the eligible girls in Evergreen City, ready to set them up."

Isabella's eyes sparkled as she spoke.

"Isabella, are you serious?"

Daniel perked up at this. He was very worried about his five sons' marriages.

"Of course, Grandpa. You always told me that in the Wilson Family, everything should be treated equally, including having children. Otherwise, if I'm the only one having children while my uncles are out having fun, I'd be jealous."

Isabella pouted, like a child asking for fairness from an elder.

This scene made Michael's heart, which had just calmed down, ripple again.

In his impression, Isabella had always been graceful and poised, even during her three years in the Brown Family, she was obedient and well-behaved.

Even after the divorce, her true nature was straightforward and candid. He had never seen her so adorable.

Isabella was so cute that he couldn't take his eyes off her.

Especially when her pink lips pouted, he really wanted to pull Isabella into his arms and feel how sweet she was at that moment.

Daniel was also amused by Isabella's actions.

"Alright, Isabella, I'll leave it to you."

But then Daniel became a bit worried, "However, you can't just fool me about finding girlfriends for your uncles. You must arrange it as soon as possible. I'm waiting for your good news."

The two of them chatted with Daniel for a while longer. Seeing that it was getting late, they got up to leave.

On the way back, Isabella originally planned to remain silent all the way back to the villa, just like when they came.

However, this time, Michael spoke first.

"Do you think arranging blind dates for your uncles will be too difficult? What if it doesn't work out? How will you explain it to Daniel?"

Michael knew about Isabella's five uncles' personal information.

They were all elites among elites, especially Atticus, who had a prominent status. The other uncles were also outstanding in their respective fields.

Moreover, they were all famously handsome. The fact that they hadn't brought home a girlfriend in all these years said something.

They simply didn't want to step into marriage.

And this had been going on for so long that even Daniel couldn't persuade his sons. Could Isabella's words really help all five uncles find partners?

Was that possible?

"What do you mean 'what if it doesn't work out'? Michael, you don't believe in me either, do you? I wasn't just saying that to make Grandpa happy. I was serious."

Isabella retorted angrily, but when she met Michael's calm and steady gaze, she suddenly realized they were no longer in front of Daniel.

They didn't need to pretend to be a loving couple anymore, and her momentum dropped significantly.

"Well, what I mean is, given our current relationship, we might as well pin our hopes on my uncles. If Grandpa finds out about us one day, having good news from my uncles might prevent him from being too sad."

In other words, she was preparing for the day they got divorced.

When they could no longer keep it a secret, there would be a backup plan to fall back on.

As for her uncles, she planned to start with Atticus.

After all, based on her experience, the situation between him and Olivia was far from innocent.

What if it worked out?

The thought of Olivia and Atticus together made Isabella smile.

The negative energy she had just felt disappeared.

Meanwhile, when Michael heard Isabella say their relationship "was just like this," he felt a pang of pain.

Atticus's reminder still echoed in his ears.

He wondered if he told Isabella his true feelings, could he save their relationship?

Would she trust him one more time?

Thinking of this, he couldn't help but try, "Isabella, I..."

At this moment, he really wanted to pour out his heart, including his feelings for her.

But before he could speak, Isabella interrupted him.

She seemed to have guessed what he was going to say. She smiled and touched her still flat belly, "Michael, I'm grateful you didn't fight me for this child."

"You don't need to overthink it. The agreement we signed will always be valid between us. I'll take full responsibility for this child and won't let it affect you. You should go find your own happiness."

With these words, Michael could no longer express his feelings.

Because Isabella had already rejected him.

She hadn't considered a future for them together, nor did she want to include him in her future life.

He wanted her, but she only wanted the child.

So, they didn't continue the previous topic. Isabella returned to the villa at Whispering Pines Estates.

And Michael went back to the office.

At six in the evening, Aaron looked at the time and then at Michael, who hadn't come out since returning at three in the afternoon, with a worried expression.

It had been three hours, and no one knew what Michael had been through.

Since returning, Michael hadn't said a word, not even scolding them.

He just sat silently on the sofa, motionless.

He hadn't even touched the coffee Aaron brought in.

Michael had been full of anger a few days ago, but now he was suddenly silent. This kind of unpredictable mood was what his subordinates feared the most.

Because no one knew when Michael might suddenly explode without warning.

Suddenly, Aaron thought of someone. Right, Michael's acquaintance, Violet, was in the secretary department.

If she went in to persuade him, it might work. At least she could find out what had happened to Michael.

If this continued, Aaron's brain cells would soon be exhausted.

###chapter 210 So Similar, Too Similar

With that thought in mind, Aaron jogged all the way to the secretarial department and found the busy Violet.

Aaron said something to the head of the secretarial department, who immediately looked at her.

She quickly called Violet over, handed her a document, and said politely, "Violet, there's a document that needs to be delivered to Mr. Brown. Could you take it over?"

Without waiting for her response, the head of the secretarial department shoved the document into her hand and walked away briskly.

No kidding, even Aaron didn't dare to go to Michael, so the head of the secretarial department certainly wouldn't try it herself.

Since Violet, the intern, was there, the task naturally fell to her.

Violet looked innocently at the departing head of the secretarial department, her face full of distress.

This action caught the attention of the other office workers.

They began to gossip.

"Who is this intern Violet, and why does the head always give her the task of going to the CEO's office?"

"Good task? Not necessarily. Didn't you see how far the head stayed away just now? It's very likely that Mr. Brown is in a bad mood again, and giving the troublesome task to Violet is the best choice."

"True, she's a newcomer and wouldn't dare to go against the head. She has to do whatever she's told."

At this moment, a female colleague with glasses squeezed in and whispered a reminder, "I think you all forgot how Violet went into the CEO's office last time and came out unscathed?"

"Don't you wonder what happened in there?"

Everyone exchanged glances, recalling that among the many high-level executives who were scolded in the CEO's office last time, only Violet, the intern, came out smiling.

They suddenly understood something and sighed, "There's nothing we can do. We don't look as good as Violet, nor are we as bold."

If it were someone else, hearing such gossip about themselves, they would definitely retort.

But Violet didn't care about these things.

Rather than saying she didn't care, it was more accurate to say this was her goal.

She tried every means to get into the Brown Group to get close to Michael, using the opportunity of working together to win Michael's heart step by step.

Even if rumors spread about her, she was happy.

Rumors spread easily.

Once the company knew about this, if anything happened in the future, even if Michael wanted to get rid of her, the rumors would help her.

By then, her name and Michael's would be tied together.

So, knowing she had to go to Michael's office, Violet was happier than anyone else.

She wanted to win Michael's heart when he was feeling down, making him completely submit to her.

Ideally, after he divorced Isabella, she could marry Michael.

Only then would Isabella, that bitch, never be able to return to the Brown Family.

Michael, the man who originally belonged to her, and the title of Mrs. Brown would finally be hers.

All of this was supposed to be hers.

It was Isabella who used all sorts of schemes to take it away.

Now that she was back, it was time to take it all back.

Violet knocked lightly and entered the office. She originally wanted to put the document on the desk like last time.

But Michael wasn't sitting in his office chair; he was sitting on the sofa with his head down.

Michael's broad shoulders were slightly slumped, revealing his lean and slender figure. No one could see his lowered expression, but the cold aura emanating from him was enough to make people keep their distance.

But Violet didn't retreat at all. Instead, she stepped forward and spoke softly, "Mr. Brown, I brought the documents you requested. Would you like to take a look?"

Michael, lost in thought, suddenly heard the overly familiar voice and couldn't help but frown and look up.

Standing in front of him was Violet with a shy face.

But in an instant, he saw Bianca's shadow on her face.

So similar, too similar!

Ever since Harper suddenly disappeared from the hospital, he had been suspicious of Violet.

Many times he suspected that the Violet in front of him was Bianca, whom he had thrown into the Auroria mine. But despite his repeated tests, he couldn't find any flaws in Violet.

If Violet really wasn't Bianca, then how could she be so similar to Bianca?

"Mr. Brown?"

Seeing Michael staring at her, Violet blushed and couldn't help but remind him.

At the same time, she handed the document forward.

Michael's eyes flashed, and his thoughts quickly returned to reality.

"Just leave it here. I'll look at it later."

"Okay."

Violet obediently placed the document in front of him, deliberately brushing his arm in the process.

Michael's eyes darkened, and he quietly withdrew his hand, sitting up straighter and looking at her with an unclear gaze.

"I've been busy lately and haven't had time to check on you. How are you adjusting to the company?"

Even though Michael had doubts in his heart, he still had to maintain appearances.

Otherwise, how could he see Violet's true colors?

Michael's sudden concern made Violet's heart tremble.

Her face involuntarily turned red, "I'm doing well, Mr. Brown. Everyone in the company is nice to me, and I'm adjusting well."

"You're still calling me Mr. Brown? You can call me by my name when no one is around."

Michael gently corrected her.

Violet's eyes lit up with surprise, and she bit her lip, "Then Michael, you shouldn't call me Ms. Cooper either. It sounds awkward when you call me that."

She deliberately lengthened her tone, coquettishly like she was unconsciously acting spoiled.

In the past, Michael disliked her acting like this in front of him. Now that he had changed so much, wasn't it because he liked her?

Sure enough, after hesitating for a moment, Michael smiled, "No problem. I'll call you Violet, like Nolan does. How about that?"

As long as he could temporarily keep Violet in check, it didn't matter what he called her.

But Violet wasn't very happy with this name.

However, since he had already said it, she reluctantly agreed.

"If you like it, then call me that."

Michael, who managed the entire group, only needed one look to see through people.

Naturally, Violet's expression didn't escape his notice.

He narrowed his long eyes and smiled playfully, "You don't like it? Then how should I call you? Or I can't call you the way Nolan does?"

This sentence was nothing special, but with Michael's ambiguous tone, anyone would overthink it.

Especially someone like Violet, who already liked Michael.

She suddenly looked up, meeting Michael's deep eyes, and felt an electric current run through her body.

Oh my God!

Did she hear it right? Michael was actually jealous of Nolan over a name because of her?

Was he openly expressing his care for her?

###chapter 211 Just Being Too Good to Him

Violet's heart suddenly raced, and her face flushed. She resisted the urge to throw herself at him.

She shyly said, "How could you think that? I just think the name Violet is too common. Everyone calls me that, but I want you to be the special one."

"Special?"

Michael raised his attractive eyebrows, "How am I different from everyone else? Why should I be more special, hmm?"

He deliberately spoke in a vague and ambiguous manner.

In Violet's eyes, Michael was a high and mighty figure, and now he was lowering himself to ask for her affection.

Which woman wouldn't be moved by such actions from Michael?

If Isabella were present, she would surely see through it immediately. This was Michael using tactics to achieve his goals.

Usually, when he did this, there was a deeper conspiracy behind it.

Michael was very cunning, and anyone who crossed him would be unlucky.

But Violet was right in the center of the trap and couldn't tell if Michael's words were true or false.

She only knew that Michael was sending her signals of pursuit, and if she didn't seize the opportunity, she would lose the entire Brown Family.

"Of course, it's because I like you that I treat you specially. Isn't that right, Mr. Brown?"

Violet raised her eyebrows and boldly expressed her feelings to Michael.

She had come for him, so she wouldn't miss any chance to flirt with him.

"It seems we need a formal occasion to discuss this topic properly."

Michael immediately extended an invitation for the evening, "Let's have dinner together tonight. I think we have a lot of common topics to talk about."

This unexpected development delighted Violet. If she could take this opportunity to win over Michael, she wouldn't have to work hard as an intern anymore.

This was going too smoothly.

"Sure, since it's dinner, how about I arrange the place?"

Violet bit her lip, the implication was obvious.

Dinner wasn't important; what they did afterward was.

"Alright, I'll listen to you." Violet's proactive approach was exactly what Michael wanted.

He wanted to give her enough opportunities to fall into his trap and then personally reveal her true identity. Was she really Bianca?

"See you tonight."

As she left, Violet threw a flirtatious glance at Michael on the sofa, her eyes filled with determination.

Michael also took out his phone and arranged for a few people to follow her.

He wanted to see what tricks Violet could play.

Meanwhile, at the Brown Villa.

Upon suddenly learning from Daniel that Isabella was pregnant, the entire Brown Family was ecstatic.

Aiden had been waiting for this great-grandchild for three whole years.

Just when he thought there was no hope, a joyous event suddenly occurred.

Isabella was pregnant!

After hanging up the phone, Aiden kept muttering about his great-grandchild and urgently called the butler and Stella over.

One was to arrange the decoration of the nursery and prepare all the necessary items for the pregnant woman, getting ready for Isabella's return.

The other was to contact the family doctor and nutritionist to take care of Isabella during her pregnancy, as well as a trustworthy nanny.

Everyone was busy, and those who didn't know might have thought the Brown Villa was preparing for Christmas a few months early.

At this moment, Aiden suddenly slapped his forehead.

How could he forget the most important thing?

Isabella was pregnant, but where was Michael?

He took out his phone and dialed Michael's number.

When Michael answered, Aiden directly ordered, "Come home immediately, without delay!"

Was Michael out of his mind? How could he not cherish such a good wife like Isabella? Did he really want to wait until Isabella and the child were gone to regret it?

"Not tonight, I have something to do."

Michael calmly replied.

He had finally managed to get Violet into his trap and couldn't give up halfway.

Besides, Aiden calling him home at this time was undoubtedly about him and Isabella.

He had just signed the child agreement with Isabella and didn't know how to explain the child's situation to Aiden.

But Aiden didn't know what he was thinking and was furious upon hearing this.

"Say that again! Do you really have the guts to disobey me, Michael? Let me make it clear, if I don't see you back tonight, I'll come to you in the company tomorrow!"

Aiden was extremely angry.

In his eyes, nothing was more important than Isabella being pregnant.

And Michael, instead of caring about the family, was busy with other things.

Did Michael really want to drive him to his grave?

"Grandpa!"

Michael emphasized, feeling helpless, "Can you be reasonable? I'm in charge of the company now, with many things to handle. Forcing me to come back now serves no purpose."

"I'm very busy right now. I'll come to see you when I'm free. That's it, I'm hanging up."

"You ungrateful brat..."

Seeing that Michael dared to hang up before he finished speaking, Aiden's beard almost stood on end with anger.

"Such a brat, I'll kick his ass when he get back!"

At this moment, Stella, having completed Aiden's tasks, brought over the tea prepared by the servants.

"Dad, I've done everything you asked. When do you plan to bring Isabella over, or should we wait until the child is born and then arrange for her to be taken care of? There won't be any mistakes."

Although it was too early to say this, Aiden was so fond of the idea that it was better to show some initiative than to do nothing.

But she had been holding the tea for a while, and Aiden hadn't taken it.

Stella looked up instinctively and saw Aiden staring at her with a frown, suddenly asking, "Tell me, how have I treated Michael all these years?"

Stella was taken aback, then froze.

The question was too abrupt, and she couldn't guess what Aiden was thinking.

But saying good things wouldn't hurt.

After all, Michael was now the head of the Brown Group. Saying a few nice words to please Aiden wouldn't cost anything.

"Dad, you've been very good to Michael. If it weren't for your careful nurturing, he wouldn't have grown up to be so outstanding. It's all thanks to you."

But her words didn't seem to hit the mark.

Aiden continued, "I mean emotionally, how have I treated him?"

Stella praised even more, "In that regard, you've been the best to Michael. You've never really hit him since he was a child. Everyone knows how deeply you love him."

"Exactly!"

Aiden finally heard something he agreed with, his face darkening.

"I've been too good, too indulgent!"

That's why Michael dared to throw a tantrum at him, not coming home, not caring about Isabella and the child. Did he want to die?

###chapter 212 Investigate Him for Me

Seeing this, Stella felt a pang of anxiety, wondering if she had said something wrong.

The more she praised, the worse Aiden's expression became.

Maybe she should leave first.

"Dad, it's getting late. I'll go check what's being made for dinner in the kitchen."

The kitchen always had the butler and chef busy, and she usually wouldn't even glance at such a smoky place.

She said this just to find an excuse to leave.

Aiden had already made up his mind and waved Stella away. He then took out his phone and dialed a number.

When the call connected, Aiden spoke in a low voice, "My old friend, I need you to do something for me. Just send someone over."

An hour later, a tall, well-dressed young man appeared at the Brown Villa.

He stood respectfully in front of Aiden and bowed, "Mr. Brown, my grandfather sent me to follow your orders."

Looking at the handsome young man in front of him, Aiden nodded in satisfaction.

"You do resemble your grandfather a bit. What's your name?"

"Felix Myles! Mr. Brown, you can just call me Felix."

"Alright, Felix, I called you here today to ask you to investigate something."

Aiden explained the reason for Felix's visit.

"My disobedient grandson Michael hasn't been coming home lately. I don't know what he's up to outside. Help me find out, and I will reward you handsomely."

Wasn't Michael too busy to come home?

He wanted to see what was keeping him so occupied!

The next day, at the villa, Isabella gave Cinda the day off. Feeling bored, she drove around and ended up at Daniel's place.

Daniel had just finished breakfast. Seeing Isabella, a smile immediately appeared on his face.

"Isabella, you're here. Didn't you just leave yesterday? Do you miss me already?"

Isabella nodded with a smile but deliberately said, "I missed you, Grandpa. But you sound like you're tired of me already. Just because I'm married, I can't come every day?"

"Nonsense!"

Daniel knew Isabella was joking but still stepped forward and grabbed her hand, as if afraid she would suddenly turn and leave.

"I wish you could stay here. How could I be tired of you? You're the one I worry about and care for the most."

Daniel said, pulling Isabella inside.

"I'm worried about your health. You're newly pregnant, and it's easy to get hurt. I'd feel better if you stayed home and rested."

Hearing Daniel's words of concern, Isabella felt a warmth in her heart.

She helped Daniel sit on the sofa and patted his hand to comfort him.

"Grandpa, you're overthinking. Being pregnant doesn't mean lying still is best for the baby. Moving around helps the baby grow healthily."

"Really?"

Daniel didn't understand much about pregnancy. When his wife Luna was pregnant with their five sons, he was busy building his empire.

He only spent some time with Luna when she was pregnant with Grace. By then, Luna's health was already poor, and she spent most of her pregnancy in bed.

So he doted on Grace more, and now he transferred that affection to Isabella.

He just wanted her to have a healthy baby. He didn't ask for anything else.

"But you shouldn't be too active. You need to be careful in the first three months. You're going to be a mother now, so you can't be as reckless as before."

Daniel advised carefully.

He wasn't the best person to give advice on pregnancy, but there was no one else in the family to remind Isabella.

Grace passed away early, and her uncles were all single and knew nothing about this.

If he didn't mention it, no one would care for Isabella.

"Grandpa, I know. Don't worry, I've hired a nanny and am reading up on pregnancy."

Only then did Daniel feel relieved.

Seeing the nice weather outside, Isabella wanted to take Daniel out to sit for a while. But before she could get up, Daniel stopped her.

"Isabella, there's something I've been thinking about and need to tell you."

"What is it?" Isabella looked puzzled.

She had just been here yesterday, and Daniel's sudden seriousness made her curious.

"Last night, I had a phone call with Aiden."

Hearing this, Isabella's heart sank.

Oh no!

She had kept the pregnancy agreement a secret from Daniel and hadn't told the Brown Family about her pregnancy. She never expected Daniel to contact Aiden on his own.

"I only found out last night that Aiden doesn't know you and Michael have reconciled. He doesn't even know about your pregnancy."

Daniel frowned and took Isabella's hand, asking, "Tell me the truth. Why are you hiding the pregnancy from Aiden? Did you forget, or do you have other plans?"

Daniel's expression grew more uneasy, especially as he asked the last question. Isabella could see the doubt in his eyes.

"Oh, Grandpa Daniel, there you go again!"

Isabella sighed helplessly. Since Daniel wanted to know, she would tell him.

"Michael and I are both eagerly anticipating this baby. You know we've been trying for so long. Now that I'm finally pregnant, we're being extra careful. I was just so happy to share the news with you that I forgot about Grandpa Aiden."

Isabella smiled apologetically, her eyes filled with guilt towards Aiden.

Although her words contained some untruths, her guilt towards Aiden was genuine.

Seeing her anxious expression, Daniel finally nodded, "If you just forgot, then go visit him. Bring some gifts and share the good news with Aiden."

"Our Wilson Family has a rule: we must observe proper etiquette in everything, so no one can find fault with us."

Isabella bit her lip, listening to Daniel's words, and could only agree.

"Alright, I'll prepare and visit Grandpa Aiden in the next couple of days."

Knowing she couldn't avoid it, Isabella just hoped Daniel wouldn't find any other flaws.

She then pointed to the sunny garden outside, "Grandpa, let's go sit in the gazebo. It's been a while since we played chess together. How about a game today?"

"With your skills, you dare to challenge me? If you lose, no complaining."

"Grandpa, you're underestimating me. I might win!"

The Wilson Family garden was filled with laughter.

Meanwhile, the Brown Villa was shrouded in gloom.

The servants stood cautiously in the corners, not daring to speak.

From a distance, a loud "bang" was heard from the study!

Aiden slammed the documents Felix had brought onto the table, shaking with anger.

"Felix, tell me, is all this true?"

###chapter 213 Isabella is back?

Felix was the grandson of his old friend, so Aiden naturally trusted him very much.

What he couldn't believe was the photos he held in his hand, showing that Michael had done such a despicable thing!

Before coming here, Felix had already heard a bit about the recent issues between the Brown Family and the Wilson Family before being sent by his grandfather.

Seeing Aiden so angry now, he was mentally prepared.

"Mr. Aiden Brown, how about I go and gather more evidence? It wouldn't be good if we misunderstood Mr. Michael Brown." Felix replied cautiously.

The investigation results couldn't be wrong; he was mainly worried that Aiden might get so angry that he would fall ill, making it hard to explain to his grandfather.

"Misunderstanding?"

Aiden sighed and shook his head at Felix in front of him, "You don't need to lie to me. Michael is my grandson; I know him well enough. He's just lost his mind. I feel like locking him up and giving him a good beating."

"Mr. Aiden Brown, what should we do now?"

Aiden's gaze fell on the "evidence" in his hand, his eyes red with anger.

Michael had gone too far. Isabella treated him so well, yet he didn't cherish her at all and now got involved with Violet.

He had completely disgraced the Brown Family! He apologized in his mind, 'Oh Isabella, it's my fault you married Michael, that bastard. If you had married Nolan instead, you wouldn't have suffered so much. At least then, you'd still be part of my family.'

After this investigation, Aiden saw clearly what kind of person Michael, whom he had spoiled for over twenty years, really was.

Anyone associated with him would gain nothing.

Since the matter had already happened, the priority now was to resolve it properly.

"Felix, go and arrange to find out where they have been dating recently. Get all the times and places."

Aiden's aura was imposing.

Isabella was the wife he had chosen for Michael, and he had to stand up for her.

Felix had already investigated these matters, "Mr. Aiden Brown, Mr. Michael Brown was called back to the company last night for an urgent matter, so the dating was rescheduled for tonight. Should we follow them?"

"Of course, I wish I could drag that bastard back home and give him a good beating!"

Aiden said with a stern face.

He was so old, yet he had to go out and catch Michael in the act. It was laughable.

But he couldn't care about that now. He had promised Daniel to treat Isabella well, like his own granddaughter.

Now, not only had Isabella suffered for years, but she was also deceived by Michael.

What Isabella couldn't do, he, as her grandfather, would stand up for her and seek justice.

Aiden instructed Felix to arrange for more people to go to the Brown Group and find Michael and that shameless Violet.

He would fire Violet from the company and ban her from ever stepping into Evergreen City again. And then he'd lock Michael up at home and deal with him according to the rules.

Just as Aiden was about to leave, the housekeeper reported that Isabella had returned!

Aiden was stunned.

Isabella had returned?

Even if it was just a few minutes earlier, Aiden would have been excited to personally welcome Isabella, the great contributor to the Brown Family. But now he was about to catch someone in the act.

He couldn't let Isabella notice anything.

"Mr. Brown, should we still go now?" Felix asked cautiously from the side.

"You take the people and wait outside. It won't take long." Aiden said and then went downstairs.

Isabella was carrying the Brown Family's child and had come specifically to see him; he had to show up.

In the hall.

When Isabella appeared with a gift box, Aiden was sitting on the sofa drinking tea. Although he was at home, his particularly formal attire made it seem like he was going out for something.

Seeing that Isabella had really come, Aiden couldn't be happier, "Isabella, you finally came. I've missed you."

"Grandpa, I've missed you too. I hope I'm not disturbing you by coming over suddenly."

Isabella had planned to come in a few days, but Daniel insisted that good news shouldn't be delayed, so she came over with the gift box that Daniel had prepared.

Daniel's intention was for her to come directly to the Brown Family without any further delay.

"Not at all, it's your home."

Aiden pretended to be displeased, "If you keep treating me like a stranger, I'll get angry."

Saying this, Aiden took the gift and let her sit beside him.

"Isabella, tell me, how have you been feeling lately? Are you uncomfortable? You have to be more careful now that you're pregnant. You can't be as active as usual."

Aiden asked urgently, leaving Isabella unsure of which question to answer first.

She couldn't help but feel that Aiden seemed a bit more anxious than usual, even though he was smiling as always.

Normally, he wouldn't ask so many questions right away; he would chat about family matters before asking about her and Michael.

"Grandpa, are you going out? Am I delaying you?"

Isabella asked as she tried to get up, but Aiden stopped her with a smile.

"No, I'm not going out."

Isabella looked puzzled, "But you changed your clothes. Aren't you going out?"

"I changed because I heard you were coming. I'm not going out." Aiden quickly explained.

What he was about to do must not be known to Isabella.

After all, the couple was already talking about divorce. If he brought this up, wouldn't it break them up on the spot?

Fortunately, Michael hadn't made a big mistake yet. Aiden's plan was to catch Michael, give him a good lesson, and make him realize he should live well with Isabella.

Isabella nodded slightly, "I see."

Maybe she was overthinking it. Aiden was just happy about her pregnancy.

"Grandpa Aiden, I came today mainly to apologize. I've had some disagreements with Michael recently, and with my grandfather Daniel's situation not being good, I've been focusing on that. I didn't tell you about the pregnancy in time, and that's my fault."

Hearing Isabella being so understanding and feeling guilty just for not telling him about the pregnancy, Aiden felt even worse.

Aiden sighed deeply, holding her hand and shaking his head, "Isabella, I've never blamed you. You don't need to apologize. You've always been the best wife for Michael in my eyes. No one can replace you."

"All in all, it's all Michael's fault. I'll get him back, and you can punish him as you see fit. I won't plead for him."

Thinking about how Michael neglected the pregnant Isabella at home while entangled with Violet at the company, Aiden wished he could slap Michael awake.

###chapter 214 Grandpa Has Your Back

"Grandpa, you misunderstood. I didn't mean to blame him, nor am I angry with him."

Isabella's voice was calm, and her words were sincere.

The night Michael dragged her into the car, she had already lost all hope in him and understood his actions.

The person he loved was not her, but Bianca. For so many years, she thought her kindness could move him, but in the end, she only moved herself.

She thought it was all her fault.

If she hadn't insisted on marrying him back then, none of this would have happened.

Reaching this point, she didn't blame anyone. She just wanted to peacefully give birth to her child and live a quiet life.

However, in Aiden's ears, he thought Isabella was willing to give Michael another chance for the sake of the child.

He felt even more guilty and heartbroken for Isabella.

He patted Isabella's hand, feeling immensely gratified, "Isabella, I know the hardships you've endured over the years. Don't worry, I promise you, as long as I'm here, I will stand by your side and support you. No one will bully you again."

"Including that brat Michael. If he dares to treat you poorly again, I'll break his legs!"

Aiden genuinely felt sorry for Isabella. She was so good; how could he bear to let her be picked on over and over again?

A warm current surged through Isabella's heart, and her eyes felt sour.

Aiden really treated her well.

The only thing to blame was that she and Michael were not destined to be husband and wife and could only go their separate ways.

She originally wanted to take this opportunity to talk about their impending divorce, but seeing Aiden's eyes, which were even redder than hers, she was even more moved.

"Grandpa, I..."

Perhaps the grievances she had been suppressing these days had no outlet, and she couldn't show them in front of Daniel and her uncles.

Seeing Aiden's reddened eyes, Isabella couldn't help but shed tears as soon as she opened her mouth.

"Isabella, I understand. I won't let you suffer any grievances."

Both had different thoughts, but they were genuinely considering each other.

Felix, who had been waiting outside for a long time, glanced at the clock, which showed it was already five in the afternoon, and anxiously paced back and forth.

His identity made it inconvenient for him to appear in front of outsiders, but why was Aiden talking to Isabella for so long?

Seeing that time was running out, he had to arrange for someone to follow Michael and Violet first.

On the other side.

The Brown Group.

Having missed an opportunity once, Violet entered the restroom early with her small bag to touch up her makeup, looking at her perfect face and sexy figure in the mirror.

She pursed her full red lips and put away her makeup bag with satisfaction.

Last night, she had planned to go to the hotel and win over Michael, but a phone call disrupted her plan.

However, it's good to wait another day. This way, she could prepare more thoroughly.

She thought about it and realized that going to a hotel was not safe or secure enough. After all, he was such a strong man. What if the drug took effect early and she couldn't support him?

She thought it would be better to find a more reliable place.

Soon, a person came to her mind.

As soon as the call connected, a specially processed male voice came through.

"What now?"

A brief sentence, filled with impatience.

Violet didn't care because she knew that as long as it involved Michael, that person would definitely "help" her.

"I need to borrow your house." She spoke directly, without hiding her ambition.

"My house?" The man's voice became more cautious, "What are you planning to do?"

Violet curled her red lips, her voice seductive, "Of course, to seduce Michael. Only if we have sex can I further secure the position of Mrs. Brown. And you..."

She paused, her tone meaningful, "will also get the person you want, right?"

It was because they had a common goal that they reached the most convenient cooperation.

There was silence on the other end of the line.

The long silence was a struggle and weighing of pros and cons.

Violet was not in a hurry because she knew the other party would definitely agree.

"The villa by the lake, don't step into the room on the second floor. You can use the rest as you please."

The man seemed to have thought it through and finally set this condition.

"No problem, I just need a clean bed."

Violet smiled, and hung up the phone after getting the password.

When Violet arrived at the underground parking lot, Michael had already been waiting in the car for a long time, but she didn't obediently sit in the coveted passenger seat next to Michael.

Instead, she blinked her eyes and walked around to Michael's side.

The car window was half-lowered, revealing Michael's captivating face. He raised an eyebrow, "What's wrong? Why don't you just get in?"

"Mr. Brown, I haven't driven such an expensive sports car since I returned to the country. How about you let me have a go?"

Violet naturally had her own schemes.

She had long been displeased with the people in the secretarial department. This time, she wanted to show off in front of them.

Then they wouldn't dare to treat her like an intern again.

Michael frowned, not understanding why Violet suddenly made this request.

But thinking that this was his only chance to see Violet's true colors, he agreed.

"It's okay."

With that, Michael got out of the car like a gentleman and gave up the driver's seat.

He went to sit in the passenger seat.

Violet's eyes flashed with joy, and her feelings for Michael grew stronger.

Such an excellent, wealthy, and considerate man like Michael would soon belong to her.

As the luxurious sports car left the garage, it attracted the attention of those around. Most people in the CEO's office recognized it as Michael's car.

Everyone's eyes turned towards the driver's seat, hoping for an accidental glance from Michael.

To their surprise, the car slowed down, and the window slowly lowered.

But it revealed Violet wearing sunglasses and Michael sitting in the passenger seat.

Everyone was shocked.

The car sped away, and Violet looked at the surprised faces in the rearview mirror, curling her lips in satisfaction.

Violet thought, 'Just wait, this is just the beginning.'

When she married into the Brown Family and became the enviable wife of Michael, she would look forward to seeing the shocked expressions of her colleagues.

Violet controlled the steering wheel, speeding towards the suburban road.

Looking at the unfamiliar scenery outside, Michael's eyes darkened, and he casually asked, "Driving so fast, where are you planning to take me?"

Thinking about the passionate moments to come, Violet couldn't suppress her excitement.

She bit her lip and looked at Michael beside her, her eyes seductive, "Mr. Brown, don't be impatient. You couldn't accompany me last night, so tonight, I'll make all the arrangements. You just need to enjoy yourself."

###chapter 215 Barefaced Seduction

Hearing Violet's straightforward words, Michael's eyes darkened slightly, but he didn't say anything.

His people were right behind him, so he had nothing to worry about even if she wanted to do something.

The purpose of his questions was just to test her.

"Aren't you supposed to have a reservation at a restaurant? Why did you come here?"

This place didn't look like it had any restaurants.

Violet smiled delicately, "Mr. Brown, are you afraid I'll sell you out? Don't worry, I arranged this place specifically. It's absolutely quiet, and no one will disturb us."

Seeing that he couldn't get any answers, Michael simply stopped talking.

The car headed west and finally stopped in front of a beautifully scenic and secluded villa.

Not far outside was a wetland park with excellent ecology, making every breath feel like being in a forest.

As Michael walked, he observed the surroundings. It was late autumn, and a crimson maple leaf floated up with the wind, adding an artistic touch.

If Isabella were here, she would definitely fall in love with it at first sight.

Violet walked up to him from behind, trying to take his hand, but Michael skillfully avoided it.

She assumed that Michael was just reserved outside. She wasn't in a hurry; they had the whole night to develop their relationship.

"Mr. Brown, isn't the environment here nice?"

"Yes, it's very suitable for a vacation," Michael said honestly.

"I think so too. If the company ever gives us a holiday, I plan to come here for an afternoon, watch the sunset, and start a new day the next day."

She had fantasized countless times about being with Michael and owning a house together.

Just like now, walking around the house, enjoying the scenery, and savoring the beauty of being alone together.

She had secretly loved him for so many years, and now she had realized this dream in another identity.

"This place is indeed good for relaxation," Michael said, following her words, but his mind was analyzing the underlying meaning of Violet's words.

Judging by the longing in her eyes but the rare opportunity to come here, this house probably wasn't hers.

As for whose it was, he didn't care much.

"It's getting dark, Mr. Brown. Let's go inside and talk."

No matter how beautiful the scenery was, it couldn't compare to the attraction of Michael in front of her. Violet didn't want to waste any time and urged him to go inside.

The interior of the villa was even more special, with large areas decorated in sky blue, a cool color.

However according to Michael's observation, Violet didn't favor this color.

Her aesthetic was similar to Bianca's, preferring white or red.

If this house had anything to do with her, it would never be decorated in this color.

The overall style of the house was luxurious and grand, with foreign paintings hanging on the walls and a limited edition piano placed in the best spot by the window.

Every detail revealed meticulous care and attention.

It was clear that the owner of the house cherished it very much. He couldn't understand how someone who cared so much about the things in the house could lend it to Violet so casually.

While Michael was touring the house, Violet had already walked into the dining room.

After getting the owner's permission before leaving work, she had someone come over and prepare a candlelight dinner in advance.

Everything was ready, just waiting for her to light the candles and start this romantic journey.

She lit the candles and turned off the lights.

The room was now illuminated only by the flickering candlelight, which drew Michael over.

Violet sat under the candlelight, raised her wine glass, and gestured to him, "Mr. Brown, the atmosphere here may not match a high-end restaurant, but don't you think this quiet world for two has its own charm?"

The ambiguous atmosphere and flirtatious words.

If Michael still couldn't understand Violet's intentions, he would have wasted over twenty years of his life.

However, he wanted to see what her urgent desire to climb up to him was all about.

Seeing that Michael didn't come over, Violet deftly poured him a glass of wine, "On this occasion, Mr. Brown, won't you have a drink?"

Under Violet's eager gaze, Michael slowly walked over and took the wine.

His tone carried a hint of playfulness, "It's just the two of us here, with red wine and a candlelight dinner. Ms. Cooper, are you this bold?"

"I didn't say anything else. Mr. Brown, you're overthinking it. Besides, I trust you wouldn't do anything inappropriate to me, right, Mr. Brown?"

Violet deliberately threw the question back at him, secretly using her tricks.

She had to win over Michael tonight.

The drug she used was on the wine glass. As long as Michael drank the wine, he would have a strong reaction within half an hour.

Plus, he had been separated from Isabella for so long. She didn't believe he had no desire to release.

"Since you said so, I must be a gentleman."

"Cheers!"

Michael raised his glass like a gentleman, clinked it with Violet's from a distance, and then began to enjoy this carefully orchestrated "dinner."

To avoid arousing Michael's suspicion, Violet specifically chose a drug with a long onset time and strong aftereffects.

So, after dinner, Michael didn't show any unusual behavior.

Violet turned on the lights and suggested going to the second floor for a look.

Most of the upstairs was filled with the owner's collections, including famous paintings and various musical instruments, all well-placed.

Michael only admired them without touching anything.

Soon, they came to the largest room.

The decorations and furnishings inside looked like the master bedroom on the second floor.

Everything was complete, but there were no signs of anyone living there; everything was new.

There was a set of wooden cabinets against the wall, filled with various trinkets collected from abroad, each with its own meaning and value.

Suddenly, an old silver watch caught his attention.

Michael took a closer look, his brows furrowing slightly.

It wasn't that he cared about the value of the item, but it gave him a strong sense of familiarity.

He felt like he had seen it somewhere before.

Where could it be?

Before he could recall the memory of the watch, Violet's sweet voice came from behind him and instantly pulled him back to reality.

"Mr. Brown, why are you still looking at those things? I've been waiting here for so long. Could it be that a living person like me lying here is less attractive than those trinkets?"

Michael turned around to see Violet lying on the master bed, now dressed in a sexy camisole nightgown.

Her long hair cascaded over her shoulders, and her eyes were filled with a seductive gaze.

Seeing Michael's eyes fixed on her, Violet bit her red lips and extended an invitation to him.

"Michael, what are you waiting for?"

###chapter 216 An Exciting Scene

Meanwhile, in the Brown Family hall.

Aiden was just being polite, but he didn't expect Isabella to actually stay. Not only that, she wanted to have dinner with him before leaving.

Aiden was so anxious that he almost jumped up.

If he had known, he wouldn't have been so polite to Isabella and would have let her go home to rest earlier. Then he wouldn't be stuck here now.

Now, he felt embarrassed to ask Isabella to leave, while Isabella, feeling guilty, wanted to spend more time with Aiden.

After all, she had nothing to do at home, so she might as well have dinner with Aiden as a form of compensation.

She hoped that when she and Michael officially divorced, Aiden wouldn't blame her.

"Um, Isabella, I'm suddenly feeling a bit unwell. How about you have dinner with me another day?"

Aiden had no choice but to pretend to be sick to deceive Isabella.

Otherwise, if time dragged on, who knew what shameless thing Michael might do?

He couldn't just stand by and watch Isabella be cheated; he had to go and bring that disobedient Michael back right now.

But Isabella really wanted to spend time with Aiden. She didn't know when she would be able to come back after leaving.

However, Aiden's sudden claim of feeling unwell startled her. "Grandpa, where do you feel unwell? I'll call the family doctor right now. Butler!"

"Don't call the doctor." Aiden hurriedly stopped Isabella. "Isabella, I'm just too tired. I'll be fine after resting in my room for a while. No need to call the doctor."

"Then let me help you back."

Isabella stood up to help, but Aiden waved his hand repeatedly. "No, no, you're pregnant now. You can't risk getting hurt. I'm fine; I can walk by myself."

So, the two walked side by side to Aiden's residence.

After settling Aiden in, Isabella suggested going home. Seeing that it was late, Aiden was worried about her driving alone at night and suggested she stay at the house for the night.

Isabella initially didn't want to, but Aiden said Michael hadn't been home for a long time and wouldn't disturb her.

So, she agreed to stay.

As soon as she entered the bedroom on the second floor, Isabella felt the air was a bit stuffy, probably because it hadn't been occupied for a long time.

She turned on the light and walked to the window to get some fresh air. To her surprise, she saw a shocking scene downstairs.

If she wasn't mistaken, the person who had just gotten into the back seat of the first black luxury car downstairs was Aiden, whom she had just helped to his room.

Wasn't Aiden supposed to be unwell and already asleep?

She had personally tucked him in, so how could he be storming out with a group of men in black, looking like something big was about to happen?

Thinking of this, Isabella's heart tightened.

Could it be that something happened to the Brown Group?

Aiden had long retired and no longer dealt with company affairs. For something to alarm him, it must be a very tricky and difficult matter.

No wonder Aiden had urged her to go home earlier and pretended to be sick to send her away.

He clearly didn't want her to get involved.

Although she shouldn't interfere in such business secrets, she was more worried about whether Aiden's health could withstand such stress.

If it triggered Aiden's heart condition, it would be even more chaotic.

Watching the car leave quickly, Isabella didn't think any further and drove her own car to follow.

At this moment, Atticus had just learned from Daniel that Isabella had gone to the Brown Family.

But no one answered when he called Whispering Pines Estates.

Worried that something might have happened to Isabella, he drove to the Brown Family to check. To his surprise, he saw several cars speeding past as soon as he arrived.

Especially the last car, which was Isabella's personal car.

Atticus's eyes darkened, and he quickly turned around to follow at a steady pace. Although he didn't know what had happened, he couldn't just watch Isabella get into trouble.

The three groups of people headed straight for Michael's lakeside villa.

Meanwhile, the two people in the villa were unaware of the impending danger.

Violet lay on the bed, eager to strip off her clothes to seduce Michael and spend a passionate night with him.

But Michael stood at the foot of the bed, watching Violet twist and turn with a calm expression as if he were looking at a worm.

He wasn't stunned; he simply had no feelings for Violet.

However, her actions reminded him of something.

It turned out that besides Isabella, he had no feelings for other women and even felt some disgust and aversion.

He couldn't even pretend to act.

If he had known, he would have drunk more red wine. Then, at this best moment to get information, he wouldn't be standing there like a wooden block.

As for the drug Violet had given him, he had only taken a sip before discreetly absorbing it with a tissue.

So, he was calm because there was no drug effect in his body.

But in fact, if he wanted to get the information he needed, he should have "acted" a bit.

"Mr. Brown, why are you still standing there? Come on."

Violet beckoned with her finger, half of her clothes already off. She clearly thought the drug should have taken effect.

Michael narrowed his eyes and walked step by step to the bed, already planning how to get the information, and then knocked Violet out and left.

After making his plan, he smiled and sat at the foot of the bed.

Seeing this, Violet's eyes were fixed on him as she crawled closer, excited about what was about to happen.

Finally, she was going to be Michael's woman.

Just as Violet was about to reach out and hug him

The door burst open, and a group of men in black rushed in, followed by Aiden, leaning on a cane with a livid face.

Originally, Aiden thought Michael was just a bit undisciplined and disliked being controlled, but still a decent person.

But seeing Michael and Violet hugging on the bed, Aiden's heart tightened with anger.

He gripped his cane tightly and struck at Michael on the bed.

"You bastard, our Brown Family doesn't have such a scoundrel like you. Isabella is pregnant with your child, and you dare to do these shameful things with this woman. Are you even human? I'll beat you to death for Isabella!"

The situation happened so suddenly that Michael, in shock, could only say one sentence.

"Grandpa, why are you here?"

But Aiden didn't listen to him at all and swung his cane at Michael.

Unfortunately, being old, he almost tripped before reaching the bed, and Felix had to catch him.

Violet, finally reacting, pulled up the blanket to cover her half-naked body, terrified by the crowd.

But this scene was clearly seen by Isabella, who had just arrived.

###chapter 217 Everyone is Here

Violet's cover-up, Michael's shocked expression, and the place where they were standing.

It was enough to prove what they had just experienced.

Isabella couldn't describe her feelings at that moment; she was more worried about Aiden.

Isabella's call of "Grandpa" startled Aiden, causing him to stumble.

He turned around in disbelief, looking at Isabella in a white trench coat at the door. Aiden's previously fierce expression turned pale in an instant.

"Isabella, why... why are you here too?"

Aiden never expected this. He was afraid that Isabella would find out and harm the baby in her womb, but now Isabella was here with him.

And she had witnessed such a disgraceful scene.

She was Mrs. Brown of the Brown Family, Michael's legitimate wife, and standing here was like a slap in her face!

Isabella suppressed the pain in her heart and forced a pale smile at Aiden.

"I didn't know you were coming here."

"When I saw you rushing out the door upstairs, I thought something serious had happened. I was worried that your body couldn't handle it, so I followed to check. I didn't expect..."

Isabella didn't finish her sentence. She had her dignity. Even though she and Michael had separated, their relationship was still publicly intact.

What she could do now was to leave and maintain the last bit of dignity for both her and Michael.

Moreover, Aiden was here. She couldn't do anything out of line in front of him.

Not to mention that Aiden couldn't handle it, and her body couldn't take any more stress.

She still had a baby in her womb.

"Grandpa, since you're okay, I'll head back first."

Isabella clenched her trembling fingers and turned to leave after speaking.

"Isabella!"

Seeing this, Michael couldn't care about anything else and chased after her.

From the moment she appeared, his heart was hanging on her. How could he watch her leave just like this?

Couldn't she see the ambiguous situation between him and Violet just now? Wasn't she angry or furious at his actions?

He would rather she grab his collar and question him than be so indifferent that she didn't even give him a glance.

Finally, Michael caught Isabella's hand at the corner of the stairs on the first floor.

"Don't go, Isabella."

Looking at Michael's white shirt, which had been wrinkled by Violet, Isabella felt nothing but deep helplessness and intense irony.

"Michael, do you want me to stay and watch you continue making love with Violet in front of me, or do you just enjoy making love with Violet in front of others?"

Honestly, she had suspected the extent of his ambiguity with Bianca before.

But those were just her imaginations.

Now that she had actually seen him in bed with Violet, she was surprisingly calm, so calm that she didn't know how to react.

Maybe she had become numb, whether to Michael or to their marriage.

"Isabella, I didn't..."

Before he could finish, Michael was hit hard on the back with a cane, causing him to stumble forward a few steps.

Turning around, he saw Aiden holding the cane, looking at him in disbelief.

"Grandpa, are you crazy? You actually hit me!"

But Aiden didn't even glance at him. He hurried to Isabella's side, grabbed her hand, and persuaded her.

"Isabella, Michael is such a bastard. He wronged you, and I'll help you teach him a lesson. Please don't be angry, and take care of the baby in your womb."

"Don't worry, I'll tie him up and take him home to teach him a good lesson until he changes."

Isabella didn't want to have any more entanglements with Michael. Hearing Aiden's words, she felt her mind buzzing.

It was chaotic and noisy.

She just wanted to go back and be alone in peace.

So she pushed Aiden's hand away and shook her head, "Grandpa, I'm fine. Whatever you want to do with Michael has nothing to do with me. I'm very tired and just want to go back."

After saying that, Isabella was about to leave, but Aiden heard her words as if she didn't want Michael anymore.

If she didn't want Michael, could his great-grandson still be safe?

Aiden's heart tightened, and he hurriedly grabbed Isabella's hand, pleading with her.

"Isabella, please don't think that way. You will always be the wife I recognize for Michael. No one else can enter the Brown Family."

"I know you're angry with this bastard Michael. Don't leave. I'll back you up."

Saying this, Aiden raised his hand and hit Michael's back hard.

Although it wasn't heavy, Aiden's face looked very grim.

"Grandpa, I really don't want to stay here any longer."

Isabella felt very uncomfortable. She didn't want to see Aiden hitting Michael because of her, as if her presence had caused all these problems.

She wanted to leave, but Aiden was holding her, and she couldn't go.

Aiden was old, and she didn't dare to shake him off and leave, fearing she might hurt him.

Just when she was in a dilemma, a cold laugh came from the door.

"What a family drama. It's a pity not to record this scene with a phone. A group of people acting here, not allowing pregnant Isabella to leave unless she forgives Michael. You all are shameless!"

Seeing Holden appear, Isabella was stunned.

"Uncle Holden, why are you here too?"

Looking at the people appearing one by one, Isabella felt the scene was overly bizarre and strange.

First, Aiden came to catch Michael's affair, and then Holden appeared to save her.

Wait!

It wasn't just Holden.

Atticus was here too!

Seeing Atticus's extremely cold expression, Isabella understood everything.

To find her location in such a short time, Atticus must have known her whereabouts in advance and brought Holden over.

When something serious happened, only her family would stand by her side.

"Uncle Atticus."

Isabella called him softly, but Atticus just nodded slightly and then walked steadily towards her.

He finally stopped in front of Aiden.

He greeted respectfully yet distantly, "Aiden!"

This greeting clearly showed his attitude.

Given the marriage alliance between the two families and Atticus being Isabella's uncle, it would be normal for him to address Aiden more intimately.

No matter how much Atticus didn't understand the rules, he couldn't call Aiden directly by his name.

It was clear that Atticus didn't even want to pretend anymore.

Aiden could easily understand this, and his face turned frighteningly dark.

Atticus clearly wanted to sever the marriage alliance between the two families.

He wanted them to divorce.

How could he not be angry!

###chapter 218 Protecting Isabella

Isabella had been with the Brown Family for three years, and it was the first time she had seen Aiden look so grim.

Originally, she had intended to leave quietly for the sake of Aiden, giving both parties some dignity.

But now Atticus and Holden had arrived.

Clearly, things couldn't just end like this.

Atticus's gaze fell on Aiden's hand gripping Isabella's wrist, his eyes cold.

"It's all clear to us what Michael has done. At this point, Aiden, are you still going to hold onto Isabella?"

"You've seen it yourself. The problem between them was never caused by Isabella. He didn't cherish this relationship, so why should Isabella suffer?"

Out of respect for the long-standing relationship between the two families, Atticus still gave Aiden some respect.

After saying what needed to be said, Atticus pulled Isabella away from Aiden.

He shielded her behind him, not allowing anyone to bully her anymore.

"The Wilson Family will always be her safe haven. If the Brown Family doesn't treat her well, then the Wilson Family will take her away."

"Aiden, I've said all I need to say. Take care."

The warmth of Atticus's hand spread to Isabella's, and she looked up to meet his pained gaze, finally coming to her senses.

"Isabella, let's go home."

"Okay."

Isabella nodded and left with Atticus, not sparing Michael a single glance.

She had long since come to terms with this marriage and had finally let it go.

If Michael really wanted to be with someone else, it had nothing to do with her. But he was too impatient.

They were just one step away from divorce. Couldn't he wait a little longer, or was he already eager to give Violet a title?

But she wouldn't care about that anymore. She was still pregnant, and she couldn't afford to get angry.

Moreover, after this incident, it was impossible for the two families to reconcile.

As Isabella and Atticus left, Holden couldn't help but glare at Michael.

Seeing Michael's half-open shirt, even as a man, Holden felt disgusted, let alone the scene Isabella had witnessed upstairs.

Bastard.

Isabella was still carrying his child, yet he was having sex with Violet in the middle of the night in the suburbs.

They should have stopped Isabella from marrying Michael. No matter how well he pretended, he wasn't worth trusting.

Now, not only did Holden feel disgusted by Michael, but he also found the entire Brown Family hypocritical.

It was clearly Michael's fault, yet Aiden still wanted Isabella to forgive him.

"Ugh!" Holden walked up to Michael and spat at him, "You are truly shameless and ungrateful."

After saying that, he didn't care how angry Aiden was and turned to leave.

In Atticus's luxury car, Isabella sat comfortably in the back seat.

Holden, who had just gotten in, was still furious. He closed the door and started ranting to Isabella.

"Isabella, this time you must listen to me. Even if Michael kneels down and apologizes, you can't forgive him."

"Michael dared to cheat while you were pregnant. Who knows what else he might do to hurt you? I say, once the child is born, the Wilson Family will raise it, and we'll cut ties with the Brown Family completely. Just thinking about Michael makes me sick."

Holden was so angry that his eyes turned red.

Isabella, worried about his emotional state, couldn't help but try to calm him down.

"Uncle Holden, calm down. Michael and I have already separated. Whoever he wants to be with has nothing to do with me. In front of Grandpa, we're just pretending. Don't let this upset you."

But Isabella underestimated her uncles' love for her.

Holden couldn't stand hearing this.

They had always cherished Isabella, and now Michael was cheating her.

"This can't just end like this. Even if you're getting a divorce, he should wait until after the divorce to find another woman. Now he's having sex with Violet right in front of us. Does he think the Wilson Family is dead?"

He took a deep breath, his eyes filled with anger, wishing he could hang Michael up and beat him for three days and nights.

But then he realized something was off. He turned to the back seat, looking incredulous, "Isabella, what do you mean? Are you going to forgive him?"

Isabella was stunned and sighed helplessly.

Holden was really obsessed. She better not say anything more.

If she provoked him further, he might go back and confront Michael.

At this moment, Atticus, who had been focused on driving, glanced at Holden and spoke calmly.

"Enough, Isabella is worried about your health. Stop blaming her. She's still pregnant, so calm down."

Hearing this, Holden seemed to snap out of it, his face showing belated regret. He quickly apologized to Isabella.

"Isabella, it's my temper. I almost took my anger out on you. Don't take it to heart. I'm always on your side."

"I know."

Isabella smiled, seeing that both of them had calmed down, and finally asked her question.

"By the way, Uncle Atticus, Uncle Holden, how did you end up here?"

Although she knew Atticus was capable, finding someone wasn't difficult for him, but the timing was so perfect that she was still surprised.

After all, she had no idea where she was when she followed them here.

Holden glanced at Atticus, and seeing no objection, he explained, "Atticus had just gotten home when Dad said you went to the Brown Family. Worried you'd be mistreated, he rushed over without stopping."

"When we arrived at the Brown Family, we saw two cars parked at the entrance. Sensing something was wrong, we followed and found out what happened."

That's the whole story.

Atticus knew what Isabella was thinking. He knew she hadn't gone to the Brown Family because she feared they would fight for the child if they found out.

Now she had to go, and he was worried something might happen, so he rushed over.

But he hadn't expected Michael to be the main character of this farce!

Isabella, however, was thinking about Daniel.

"Uncle Atticus, does Grandpa know you came here?"

If Michael's actions reached Daniel's ears, her days of hiding would be exposed.

And in her current state, she couldn't let Daniel see her like this. With his sharpness, he would definitely notice something.

Atticus reassured her, "Don't worry, Dad doesn't know. Before coming, I called him and said you were just having dinner at the Brown Family and would be late."

Holden chimed in, "Exactly, we're heading home now. Dad is waiting for you there."

###chapter 219 A Harsh Lesson

Isabella thought for a moment and decided not to go back with Atticus and Holden for now.

She really didn't know how to face Daniel right now.

"Uncle Atticus, I don't want to go back now. Can you take me back to Whispering Pines Estates? I don't want to startle Grandpa."

Before Atticus could say anything, Holden disagreed. "Why not go back? Isabella, the Wilson Family is your home. If you don't go back, how worried will Dad be about you?"

"Uncle Holden, I..." Isabella couldn't express her suffering.

It was totally Michael's fault, but she had to bear the consequences. Because of this, she didn't even dare to face Daniel.

She even had to refuse the good intentions of her uncles.

"Isabella, listen to me and go home. Whatever the issue is, we'll solve it together. Don't keep it to yourself, okay?" Atticus calmly persuaded Isabella.

At this time, they wouldn't feel at ease letting her go back to Whispering Pines Estates alone, especially since she was pregnant. Bottling up her emotions wasn't a good thing.

Isabella understood Atticus's point, but she was really scared, afraid that Daniel might have another episode like last time.

She couldn't bear it.

"Uncle Atticus, but I'm worried that Grandpa might notice..."

Before Isabella could finish, Atticus interrupted her, giving her confidence, "Isabella, don't think of Dad as too weak. He only cares about you, not those outsiders."

In their hearts, no matter how powerful the Brown Family was, it had nothing to do with the Wilson Family. If Michael couldn't bring happiness to Isabella, then he was a stranger to the Wilson Family.

Moreover, it was Daniel who persuaded Isabella to visit Aiden at the Brown Family temporarily.

If she didn't go home with them, Daniel would definitely be too worried to sleep.

When Michael's actions were exposed, Daniel, who had been kept in the dark, would be the one who couldn't bear it.

Instead of waiting for him to find out and get angry, it was better for Isabella to tell him the truth.

Seeing Isabella lower her head in silence, Atticus didn't say more, giving her ample time to consider.

After all, the journey home was long, and no matter what decision she made, they would respect her opinion.

Unlike the quiet and harmonious atmosphere here, the lakeside villa where Isabella had left was in chaos.

On the wooden floor of the hall, Michael was kneeling upright in the middle.

There were already several long blood marks on his back, but he gritted his teeth and didn't say a word of begging.

Aiden was sitting on a chair in front of him, gripping his cane tightly, staring angrily at the disappointing Michael, breathing heavily.

Now that Isabella had been driven away by him, only the Brown Family members were left, and he didn't need to care about face anymore.

From the moment he stepped into this house, his dignity had been completely lost by Michael!

"Michael, do you have anything to say?"

Aiden raised the cane in his hand again. Even if he was physically exhausted, he had to teach Michael a harsh lesson.

Otherwise, how could he face Isabella, how could he face the Wilson Family!

But Michael, kneeling on the ground, looked indifferent. With his strength, he could completely resist Aiden's anger and beating.

But he didn't.

His hands were clasped behind his back, and he lowered his noble head.

"Grandpa, go ahead. I have no defense."

He didn't know how Aiden found this place. He complied with Violet's purpose just to get some information from her.

He didn't even swallow a sip of that wine, so how could he have any other thoughts about her?

The only person he liked was Isabella.

But what he didn't expect was that Aiden, Isabella, and the Wilson Family members all appeared here and caught him and Isabella sitting on the bed together.

Isabella had already left him. She didn't even look at him. Now, no matter what he explained, no one would believe it.

Since Aiden wanted to vent his anger for her, why should he say more?

If Aiden wanted to hit, let him hit.

Hearing Michael's words, Aiden sneered coldly, "You have some backbone, still protecting Violet, aren't you? Even for Isabella, I will beat you to death today!"

Aiden's cane hit Michael's back hard, making a dull sound.

But Aiden had no intention of stopping, his eyes full of disappointed anger.

It was because he had spoiled Michael too much that he had become such an irresponsible scoundrel.

It was his failure to discipline Michael that led to today's consequences.

Aiden's blows soon caused blood to seep from Michael's body, staining the white shirt he was wearing, making it particularly conspicuous.

Seeing that continuing to hit him would really cause an accident, Felix, standing nearby, couldn't care about his status and stepped forward to stop him.

"Mr. Brown, stop. You'll kill him."

Aiden knew how heavy his blows were, but Michael was like a mute today.

Even after being beaten like this, he didn't beg for mercy or admit his mistake, leaving Aiden no chance to let him go.

Aiden could only get angrier the more he thought about it, and the angrier he got, the more he wanted to hit Michael.

"Felix, you do this!" Aiden took a breath and directly threw the cane in his hand to Felix, who was stopping him.

He was so old, and after tossing around for so long in the middle of the night, he was already exhausted and about to collapse.

"Mr. Brown..." Felix was stunned.

He never expected that he came to mediate but ended up being the one to hit?

"Go ahead! I told you to hit, so hit. Michael deserves a beating. Only when he admits his mistake and agrees to live well with Isabella will it end."

Aiden sat on the chair and ordered sternly.

Felix held the cane, feeling very troubled. Even though Aiden said so, he didn't dare to really hit Michael.

Michael was the president of the Brown Group, the future leader of the Brown Family. No matter how bold he was, he couldn't do it.

Just as he didn't know what to do, a scream came from the second floor.

Violet ran down, draped in a coat.

She rushed to Michael's side, looked at his back with distress, and cried to Aiden, pleading for him.

"Grandpa, please stop. It's my fault. I shouldn't have agreed to have dinner with him. If you want to hit someone, hit me."

This action stunned Felix.

But fortunately, with Violet's intervention, he didn't have to hit Michael.

He quietly stood by Aiden's side, waiting to see how Holden would deal with Violet.

Aiden was already full of anger with no outlet, and Violet had come to him herself.

"Who are you to call me Grandpa?" Aiden snorted coldly, his eyes sharp, "I ask you, whose family are you from, daring to seduce Michael by my side? You don't want to stay in Evergreen City?"

###chapter 220 Harboring Bad Intentions

Violet shuddered in fear at the intimidation and anger emanating from Aiden, lowering her head even further.

She had witnessed everything that happened downstairs from the second floor.

Aiden was completely kind and approachable in front of Isabella, so why was he so harsh with her? What did she lack compared to Isabella?

But she couldn't confront Aiden directly.

She hadn't fully succeeded with Michael yet. If she wanted to marry into the Brown Family in the future, she needed Aiden's approval.

After all, in this family, no matter how much power Michael had, he still respected Aiden greatly.

As long as she pleased Aiden, her plan would be easier to achieve.

Thinking of this, her eyes quickly filled with tears. "Mr. Aiden Brown, I know you have issues with me, but I'm willing to bear everything for Michael. If you want to hit or scold someone, come at me, but please don't hurt him anymore."

As Violet spoke, she couldn't help but glance at Michael, her eyes full of love and pain.

She wanted Aiden to see that she and Michael were the true love.

And Isabella was just a woman Michael had never liked.

Back when she was still Bianca, she had already understood Aiden's temperament and thoughts.

Aiden, an old man in his eighties, most wanted Michael to have children.

As long as she got pregnant with Michael's child, for the sake of the child, she didn't believe Aiden wouldn't agree to her being with Michael.

By then, who would care how she achieved all this?

What she didn't expect was that Isabella, that bitch, got pregnant with Michael's child before her. No wonder Aiden treated her so well.

"He's my grandson. It's reasonable for me to hit him. Who are you to interfere..."

Aiden hadn't finished his sentence when he saw Violet's young face and was momentarily stunned.

No wonder Michael would rather take a beating than give up Violet.

Violet looked very much like Bianca, who used to be by Michael's side.

He had heard about the matters between Michael and Bianca back then.

"What's your name, and where are you from?"

Aiden asked directly. He now reasonably suspected that Michael couldn't forget Bianca and had now brought Violet, a substitute, to his side.

Bianca couldn't stay, and Violet, a fake, still wanted to climb up? Her ambition was big enough.

"My name is Violet. Nolan is my teacher. I came back from abroad with him."

"What did you say?"

Aiden squinted his eyes, his intuition telling him that Violet was not simple. "You're Nolan's student?"

Violet nodded, quickly using Nolan's identity as a cover for herself.

"Yes, Mr. Nolan Brown has been very kind to me. The reason I could come here is mostly because of Mr. Nolan Brown. I didn't expect to meet the love of my life, Michael, here. I'm very grateful to him for bringing me here."

Aiden's expression changed, and before he could ask the next question, Michael interrupted his thoughts in time.

"Grandpa, you don't need to question her anymore. If there's anything, just come at me."

From beginning to end, Violet was not important.

What he cared about was always Isabella's opinion, and the person he wanted to explain to was only her.

Now that Isabella had left, it didn't matter whether his relationship with Violet was real or fake. He just wanted to resolve the matter quickly and leave.

Moreover, he was very worried that Aiden's questioning would make Violet hide her true self even more, which would render all his previous efforts useless.

Seeing Michael standing protectively in front of her, Violet was deeply moved, but when her gaze fell back on his back, she exclaimed in shock.

"Oh my God, Michael, your back is bleeding!"

Violet covered her mouth and started crying, "Mr. Aiden Brown, please don't hit him anymore. If you have any grievances, hit me instead. I'm willing to bear it for him."

To Aiden, their actions looked no different from flirting.

His expression darkened as he looked back at Violet's face and suddenly said, "Since you two are so inseparable, come back to the Brown Family with me. We'll discuss the rest later."

Michael was infatuated with Violet, but Aiden was very clear-headed.

He had seen all kinds of people over the years, and he could tell at a glance that Violet had ulterior motives.

It was already late at night, and continuing to argue wouldn't lead to any results.

It was better to take them both back and question them thoroughly the next day, finding out Violet's background and settling the score.

So, a group of people returned to the Brown Villa in the middle of the night.

Hearing the commotion, Stella had been waiting in the hall early on. The first thing she saw was Michael, pale-faced, disheveled, and covered in injuries.

Her heart twisted in pain.

"My Michael, what happened? How did you come back covered in blood? Are you trying to scare me to death?"

Stella cried and shouted as she rushed forward to support Michael's arm. "Tell me, who dared to hurt you? I'll tell your grandpa to back you up and hit them back!"

"Hmph, hit them back? Just wait." Aiden's voice slowly sounded from behind, accompanied by a group of black-clad bodyguards.

Stella didn't understand the meaning behind his words, but seeing Aiden's cold expression and the presence of Violet, who bore some resemblance to Bianca, she was stunned.

As a woman, she instinctively knew that Michael's injuries were definitely related to Violet, but as for who hit him, she already had an idea.

It must have been Isabella or someone from the Wilson Family who did it, which was why Aiden acted this way.

But Michael was her son. Seeing him beaten like this, how could she not feel heartbroken?

She pointed at the row of black-clad bodyguards and angrily asked, "What are you even here for? Michael is beaten like this, and none of you stepped in to hit back. Why does the Brown Family even keep you? You're all useless!"

Felix, who had been scolded, instinctively glanced at Aiden's expression.

Sure enough, it was terrifyingly dark.

Felix swallowed hard. Unable to directly point out Aiden, they could only accept the blame. "Mrs. Brown, we failed to protect Mr. Michael Brown. It's our fault."

Michael went to Violet. How could these bodyguards stop him?

They should be controlling Violet's sexual desire instead!

Anyone with eyes could see that Aiden's aura was about to envelop the entire room, but Stella, as if blind, continued to make a fuss.

"An apology isn't enough! Michael is seriously injured, and you won't get away with it."

"Shut up!" Aiden finally couldn't hold back, striking the ground hard with his cane.

"Stella, I was the one who hit him. If you want to hit back, go ahead."

With these words, the room fell silent.

###chapter 221 No Family Affection, Only Interests

Stella was momentarily stunned. She had been so anxious earlier that she hadn't noticed the meaning behind Aiden's words.

Thinking back now, Aiden had warned her the moment she walked in.

"Dad, listen to yourself. No matter how bold I am, I wouldn't dare lay a hand on you."

Stella reacted quickly. Admitting fault and showing submission was one of her best skills.

No matter how arrogant her previous stance was, she could change her position without batting an eye in the next second.

"It's all my fault, Dad. It's reasonable for you to discipline Michael. Besides, you love Michael the most. You must have your reasons for hitting him. It's my fault for speaking without understanding the situation. Please don't hold it against me."

Aiden snorted coldly, not saying a word.

He let Felix help him to the sofa, his eyes coldly staring at the unrepentant Michael.

Michael had been raised by his side since childhood. Aiden knew Michael's temperament and character better than anyone.

Michael never easily changed his mind once he decided on something.

And this woman named Violet looked so much like Bianca. He was afraid Michael would do something foolish and push Isabella away.

By then, their marriage would truly be beyond repair.

Seeing this, Stella quickly pulled Michael over to apologize to Aiden.

"Michael, did you make your Grandpa angry again? Apologize and say you won't go against his words anymore."

But even at this point, Michael still refused to back down.

"Mom, don't worry about this. If Grandpa wants to hit me, let him."

Michael said this with his head down. His back hurt so much that he couldn't straighten up.

His head was getting heavier, and he was on the verge of passing out.

At that moment, Violet suddenly stepped forward and supported him, reaching out to touch his forehead in front of Stella and Aiden.

"He's burning up! Mr. Aiden Brown, Michael has a fever."

Violet said in a panic, her eyes filled with concern.

Hearing that Michael had a fever, Stella was terrified and quickly ordered the servants, "Someone, call the doctor, quickly!"

Michael was her only son. If anything happened to him, her luxurious future would disappear.

The family doctor arrived quickly, but Michael insisted on staying put, his eyes dimly looking at Aiden.

Michael's stubborn and unyielding look was just like Aiden's when he was young.

Stella couldn't take it anymore and almost knelt before Aiden. "Dad, I know Michael made you angry, but he's covered in injuries. If we don't let the doctor see him, what if his condition worsens?"

"If you want to discipline him, wait until he's healed. I won't stop you from hitting or scolding him."

"Mr. Aiden Brown, Mrs. Stella Brown is right. Michael's injuries are too severe. If he doesn't get treated, the wounds could get infected."

Violet chimed in, trying to show herself in front of Stella.

Aiden's head felt like it was going to explode from their noise, but Michael was his grandson. How could he not care?

He had already hit him, and now that Michael was so injured, there was no rush to settle accounts.

He waved his hand helplessly, letting Felix help Michael upstairs while he sighed and returned to his room.

On the second floor, in the master bedroom.

The doctor applied medicine to Michael and gave him fever-reducing medication before quickly packing up and leaving.

Stella stayed by Michael's bedside, occasionally wiping away tears as she looked at the now much thinner Michael.

"Michael, are you still not going to tell me the truth?"

"Your Grandpa has always loved and spoiled you. What did you do to make him so angry and be so ruthless?"

Stella wasn't clueless.

From the moment she saw Violet, she had a rough idea, but she couldn't believe Michael would be so foolish as to do something like this while Isabella was pregnant.

After all, Bianca had been by his side for years, and he never seemed to care much about her, only showing superficial concern.

Michael's head was spinning, and his back, now medicated, was burning with pain.

He lay on the bed, feeling weak. "Mom, don't ask. Even if you ask, I can't say."

He couldn't possibly say that Aiden had caught him in bed with Violet, with Isabella and the Wilson family witnessing it. Even if he wanted to explain, he wouldn't know where to start.

At this point, even if he said a hundred times that it had nothing to do with Violet, no one would believe him.

Hearing Michael say this, Stella had a clearer understanding.

No matter what he did, Michael was still her son.

All she could do was stand by his side and help him come up with a plan.

"If you don't want to say, fine. But how do you plan to get through this with your Grandpa?"

Michael frowned. "What do you mean?"

Stella sighed helplessly. "You're really foolish. Making mistakes is nothing. What's important is how you act in front of Aiden to maintain his affection for you."

As soon as she said this, Michael understood Stella's intentions.

His eyes darkened, and he didn't want to deal with her anymore.

But Stella was caught up in her own set of life principles, unable to extricate herself.

"Let me tell you, even though you're now the CEO of the Brown Group, as long as your Grandpa is around, the Brown family's assets are still firmly in his hands. He's so shrewd. If he does something in his will, won't we be the ones to suffer?"

"You're a grown man. How can you not see the bigger picture? Your Grandpa's health is declining day by day. Why are you getting into fights with him? Think of a way to make him happy tomorrow. You can't let this affect your position as CEO of the Brown Group!"

The more Michael listened, the colder his heart became. "Mom, is that all you're worried about?"

He was in this state, and all she cared about was power and status, not how badly he was hurt or how much pain he was in?

She didn't even care what mistake he had made.

Stella was taken aback, then said, "Of course, it's not just that. I haven't even scolded you yet. Are you out of your mind? You usually seem so smart, but at this critical moment, you don't know how to endure!"

"Isabella's pregnancy made Aiden so happy. He almost treated her like a treasure. And you, instead of behaving well in front of him, you went out and got entangled with Violet. Aren't you afraid the Wilson family will come after you?"

These statements were pure slander for Michael.

Especially since these thoughts came from Stella's mouth, he couldn't imagine what outsiders thought of him.

He found it ironic to even argue.

"Mom, just leave!"

Michael coldly interrupted her questioning. He didn't want to hear another word from her.

###chapter 222 Argument

"What!"

Stella had spoken earnestly for so long, only to end up being driven away.

Even though she was cheeky, she couldn't withstand such a blow.

Her face turned red with anger, "Michael, I'm your mother. Everything I said was for your own good. How could I be wrong to the point where you would drive me away?"

"For my own good?" Michael asked hoarsely, "Are you really doing this for me, or are you just trying to ensure your own future wealth and status remain unaffected?"

"Have you ever worried about me, even a little?"

"From beginning to end, the only thing you care about is maintaining your central position in high society. Let me give you a piece of advice: in this family, everyone looks out for themselves. You should curb your ambitions a bit, or you'll end up being used as a stepping stone."

Having her schemes exposed, and by her own son Michael no less, Stella's face turned pale and then red.

She was trembling with anger.

Pointing at Michael, who was lying on the bed, she scolded, "I have big ambitions? If I didn't, would you have been able to outshine your brothers and win Aiden's favor, securing your current position?"

"If I didn't have ambition in this family, we would have suffered. You're my son. If I don't rely on you in my later years, who else can I rely on? Everything I do is for you. Now you're standing up to me. If you hadn't angered Your Grandpa so much, would I be here in the middle of the night trying to come up with solutions?"

"All in all, it's your own fault for lacking self-control and causing this mess!"

The more Stella spoke, the more aggrieved she felt. She admitted to being selfish, but in a wealthy family like this, who didn't have some schemes and tactics?

But she couldn't bear Michael seeing her this way.

"I told you I don't need your help. Since you value wealth and power more than me, don't show up in front of me. Leave!"

The two had a big argument.

Stella stormed out, and Michael, lying on the bed, didn't look any better.

He had always thought Stella was the only one in the family who understood him and stood by his side. Now he finally saw the truth: in a so-called big family, only interests were eternal.

The argument between mother and son upstairs quickly spread downstairs.

Violet, who was arranged in a guest room, naturally heard the news.

Before accompanying Michael upstairs, Stella had instructed the servants to settle Violet properly.

The guest room was not only on the first floor but also quite far from Michael's room.

As someone who had lived for decades, Stella was well aware of the thoughts of a young girl like Violet.

If she arranged for the two to stay close, who knew if they would get together in the middle of the night, causing rumors that would not only affect Michael but also tarnish the Brown Family's reputation.

As the current hostess of the Brown Family, Stella would not let such an indiscreet woman ruin the family's name.

But Stella miscalculated.

Violet was not just Violet; she was also Bianca, who had once chatted and admired flowers with Stella here.

She had been to this house countless times and could find Michael's room even with her eyes closed.

Stella's meticulous planning was in vain.

Now, with Michael being severely beaten by Aiden for no reason and having just had a fierce argument with Stella, he was in a very depressed mood.

If someone understanding appeared at this moment, the chances of winning his heart would greatly increase.

Thinking of this, Violet waited until the servants left, changed her clothes, and quietly went up to the second floor, pretending to be lost as she knocked on Michael's door.

"Michael, are you here? I got lost and can't find my way back to the guest room."

Hearing the familiar voice, Michael frowned.

The Brown Villa had many rooms, and it was Violet's first time staying here. How could she get lost and so precisely find his room?

Hearing no response from inside, Violet felt a bit guilty but, thinking this was a great opportunity, mustered the courage to push the door open and walk in.

"Michael, you really are here..."

Before Violet could finish, Michael interrupted her in a deep voice, "Who let you in?"

This was his and Isabella's marital room, not a place for outsiders to enter casually.

"Michael, don't be angry. I really just got lost. I couldn't find any servants to ask for directions, and yours was the only room with the light on."

Afraid Michael would be suspicious, Violet had thought of every detail.

But she forgot one thing.

The more she explained, the more it seemed she had something to hide.

Moreover, the servants downstairs couldn't all be gone. Most guest rooms were on the first floor, so how did she end up on the second floor?

Michael seemed to have an answer forming in his mind.

He just needed a definite piece of evidence.

Violet bit her lip and nervously approached to comfort him, "I really didn't mean to. I heard someone say you had a fight with Mrs. Brown, and I was worried you might be upset."

Michael's eyes flickered.

Her reason was quite sufficient, leaving no room for fault.

But he quickly suppressed his true emotions, deliberately showing a bitter smile in front of Violet.

"Don't worry about it. We often argue like this. It's not a big deal. You don't need to think too much."

Then, he shifted the topic to her, "But the servants in the house are very diligent and never leave for long. Didn't you see anyone when you came to the second floor?"

Michael intentionally tested her, squinting his eyes and closely watching her expression.

But Violet had already gone over these scenarios in her mind and answered flawlessly.

"I don't know how I got here. I wanted to get some fresh air outside, but when I heard about your argument with Mrs. Brown, I hurried back and somehow ended up in the backyard. I saw a staircase and came up."

There were two passages on the second floor, one leading directly to the garden and the other to the main hall.

If she was outside, the servants indeed wouldn't notice.

Michael raised an eyebrow and didn't pursue the topic further.

Violet knew that if she wanted to be with Michael in the future under this identity, she had to protect her reputation.

She couldn't let anyone discover her true identity.

"You must be tired. Come and sit."

Michael's voice was filled with concern, instantly reverting to his previous gentle demeanor.

Violet was overjoyed. Seeing his pale lips, she said with concern, "I'll get you a glass of water. Wait for me."

"Okay."

Watching Violet's busy figure, Michael's eyes clouded over.

Was Violet really Bianca?

Or was it all just his imagination?

When she handed him the glass of water, Michael refused her offer to feed him, instead tilting his head back to drink half of it before putting it down.

At this moment, Violet blushed and asked, "Michael, I want to know why you didn't explain our situation to Mr. Brown and Ms. Taylor at the lakeside villa?"

###chapter 223 Came Specifically to See Him

Violet originally wanted to hear Michael say that he cared about her.

But Michael said, "Why should I explain? No one cares."

Isabella would never believe he was innocent.

Just as Violet was puzzled, Michael continued, "What I mean is, since they have already seen it, right or wrong doesn't matter anymore, and there's no need to explain."

To Violet, these words meant that Michael had already accepted her. He even took a beating from Aiden for her. Didn't that prove her place in his heart?

However, Michael just didn't want this matter to be worse. He hadn't fully figured out Violet's identity yet, and some things couldn't be too obvious. It wouldn't be good if she sensed his true intentions.

With the injuries and the impact of the cold medicine, Michael soon couldn't hold on and felt sleepy.

He didn't even know when Violet left.

When he woke up the next day, his head didn't hurt as much, and even the injuries on his back had improved a bit. At least he could slowly sit up.

Just as he wanted to get out of bed and move around, Sophia, who usually only took care of things around Aiden, came to remind him.

"Mr. Michael Brown, Mr. Aiden Brown specifically asked me to inform you that Mrs. Isabella Brown is back. She came here to see you. Please get ready; Mrs. Isabella Brown will be up soon."

Hearing this, Michael's heart tightened.

Isabella came?

But last night, she was so angry that she didn't even want to look at him. How could she come to see him early in the morning?

Michael thought he was still groggy and hallucinating.

"Impossible, what nonsense are you talking about? Why would she come to see me?"

Michael didn't believe it at all.

It was possible that Isabella came to see Aiden, but to see him? Not likely.

Seeing Michael's dumbfounded look, Sophia couldn't help but sigh. If Michael had reflected earlier, things wouldn't have reached this point with Isabella.

In the end, it was because he didn't know how to cherish.

Sophia had been by Aiden's side for many years, and even Stella didn't dare to mess with her. Seeing Michael like this, she couldn't help but advise him.

"Mr. Brown, you heard right. Mrs. Isabella Brown came to see you. And I say you and Mrs. Isabella Brown are the most compatible couple. It's best to clear up any misunderstandings before it's too late to regret."

Worried that Michael might have difficulty moving, Sophia quickly reacted.

"Don't move. I'll get a basin of water to wipe your face. We can't let Mrs. Isabella Brown see you like this when she comes."

Sophia was one of the few in the Brown Family who felt for Isabella. She still hoped Isabella and Michael could reconcile.

But she was just a servant, with little influence. Advising a few words was already too much; she couldn't say more.

Michael was still shocked by Isabella's appearance.

Meanwhile, Isabella, sitting in the downstairs hall, was also very uneasy.

After the awkward scene last night, she was persuaded by Daniel to come here early in the morning to see the "seriously injured" Michael.

But she really didn't want to come.

How Michael got injured and how serious it was had nothing to do with her. His injuries were even for Violet.

She only knew that apart from divorce, they were already strangers.

If she wasn't worried about Daniel finding out, she would have wanted to expedite the divorce.

Last night, after much thought, she followed Atticus back to the Wilson Family.

To avoid Daniel's suspicion, Holden told Daniel a different version of Michael's injury.

Daniel, still worried, asked her to come early in the morning to see Michael personally.

It was also to help improve the relationship between the couple.

Injured people were the most vulnerable. Even if Isabella just stayed by Michael's side, it would be better than a thousand words.

But Isabella didn't know Daniel's thoughts. She couldn't explain the scene she saw last night and reluctantly came again.

As soon as she arrived, she regretted it.

Because she really didn't know how to face Michael upstairs.

Aiden, having experienced so much, could see Isabella's inner conflict.

But Isabella coming here already meant she still cared about Michael.

"Isabella, I know you're upset. Don't worry, I already gave Michael a good scolding last night. You don't have to care about him. Just take care of yourself and the baby. Leave everything else to me. I will stand up for you."

"Thank you, Grandpa. I understand."

Isabella knew Aiden was still good to her, saying these things for her and Michael's future, hoping they wouldn't divorce.

But her decision to separate from Michael was firm.

She couldn't change her mind because of Aiden's words.

"Good, as long as you understand."

Aiden assumed Isabella still had feelings for Michael. As long as it wasn't a matter of principle, their relationship could still be salvaged.

"I almost forgot. You came to see Michael, and I kept you talking. He's in the room. Go ahead; I won't take up your time."

Isabella knew she couldn't avoid seeing Michael today. She nodded and headed to the second floor.

As soon as she stepped on the stairs, she noticed the changes.

The originally wooden stairs were now covered with thick carpet, and even the handrails were wrapped in soft, non-slip material.

This was the way to the master bedroom, and she was pregnant. It was obvious who it was prepared for.

Thinking back to last night when Aiden tried to keep her, Isabella felt a pang of sadness.

Putting Michael aside, Aiden had always been very good to her.

Her mother, Grace, died when she was six, and she was tormented by Harper and her daughter.

Her father, Indigo, didn't care about her at all.

That period was a nightmare for her.

Now she was about to have a child, and even before the child was born, Aiden treated her like a treasure. She was touched.

Step by step, she reached the room they once shared as a married couple. Isabella took a deep breath and knocked on the door.

There was a pause inside, followed by a familiar low voice, "Come on in."

When Isabella entered, Sophia was about to wipe Michael's face with a wet towel. She turned and saw Isabella, her face lighting up. "Mrs. Brown is here."

"Sophia." Isabella greeted politely. When she was troubled by Stella in the Brown Family, Sophia had secretly helped her a lot.

Sophia smiled and nodded, then glanced at Michael lying on the bed, her eyes flickering.

"Since Mrs. Brown is here, I won't be in the way. Mr. Brown can't move, so I'll trouble you to help him, Mrs. Brown." With that, Sophia quickly left.

###chapter 224 True Feelings Misplaced

The room instantly fell silent.

Compared to Michael lying on the bed, Isabella was even more at a loss looking at the basin of warm water in front of her.

Did Sophia just ask her to help Michael wash his face? It couldn't possibly expect her to wash his body, right? She was pregnant, after all.

Just as she was hesitating, Michael on the bed had already reached out to wash his hands and face himself.

Maybe the water was a bit too hot, Michael wasn't prepared and hissed, dropping the towel into the water, splashing water all over his face.

He looked quite embarrassed.

Isabella couldn't stand it anymore, walked over and resignedly reached out her hand, "You're not convenient, let me do it."

Saying this, she first tested the water temperature with her hand, then soaked the towel, wrung it out until it was half-dry, and sat down beside him.

She meticulously wiped his hands and face.

Thinking that she and Michael were almost at the end of their relationship anyway, she didn't mind doing this much.

From the moment Isabella entered the room, Michael's eyes hadn't left her.

Seeing her gently wiping his hands like a different person, how could he not be shocked? Because she had never treated him like this before.

When he stared at her eyes, he finally came to his senses.

She was pregnant now, how could she be doing this for him? He was a man; he didn't need her to serve him like this.

"Isabella." Michael's voice was hoarse, his large hand tightly gripping her wrist, trying to stop her actions.

Isabella patted him with her other hand, "You have injuries, don't move."

Then she quickly finished wiping his face, her expression extremely calm.

As if she was completing a task.

When Michael wanted to say something, Isabella spoke first, "Michael, we all know why Grandpa hit you. I can't say much in front of Grandpa. Now that you're injured, it's better not to make another move."

"Before we get divorced, you and Violet better not cause any more trouble in front of Grandpa."

Isabella wasn't here to persuade him, nor did she feel any jealousy or pain for him protecting Violet.

Ever since she had the baby, all her emotions towards Michael seemed to have faded.

She also saw some things clearly.

No matter how angry or furious she was, it was all to no avail.

It was better to let go and free both of them.

She came this time to make things clear, after all, what he was doing now not only affected Aiden's mood but also Daniel's emotions.

Michael was stunned for a moment.

He thought Isabella came specifically to see him because she believed in him and wanted to give him a chance to explain.

Even the gentle and considerate things she did for him just now.

But why did she say such heartless words after doing all that?

"Isabella, you..."

He took a deep breath, his brow twitching, "Don't you have anything else to say to me?"

Isabella looked at him in surprise, thinking he didn't understand what she was trying to convey.

She thought for a moment and said, "Grandpa Daniel took what you said to him seriously and told Aiden. For the sake of the two elders' health, we need to keep up appearances."

After saying this, she added, "Of course, I'm not saying this to restrict your freedom. Who you want to be with is your business, I won't interfere. But I need to remind you about last night. It's fortunate that Grandpa Aiden found out. If someone with ill intentions had taken photos, it would affect not only the Brown Family but also the Wilson Family."

In other words, a scandal was a small matter, but if public opinion affected the reputation of both families, the loss would be more than just immediate.

As the heir to the Wilson Group, besides their personal matters, she had to consider the bigger picture.

Daniel was getting old, and since she had taken on this responsibility, she couldn't just watch the Wilson Group fall into turmoil at this critical time.

After Isabella finished speaking, she thought Michael would have already considered this. But when she looked up, she saw his eyes filled with suppressed anger.

"Isabella, is this what you care about the most?"

Wasn't she here specifically to see him?

Wasn't she worried about his injuries, worried that Aiden might beat him to death?

She didn't even have a word of concern for him.

Everything was just an act.

Michael felt like his throat was swallowing needles, the pain making it hard to breathe.

"Michael, what do you mean? If you have something to say, just say it."

Isabella was puzzled, was there something wrong with what she said? Why was he so angry?

"I..." Michael gritted his teeth, just about to speak when footsteps suddenly came from outside the door.

Following that was a delicate voice, "Michael!"

Recognizing who it was, Isabella's face changed color in an instant.

At this moment, Violet had already pushed the door open and entered the room. Seeing Isabella there, a flash of surprise crossed her eyes, but she quickly concealed it.

With a pretentious air of a hostess, she asked, "So Ms. Taylor, you're here. I just heard you came, I thought you would be talking with Mr. Aiden Brown."

Isabella ignored her.

But Violet keenly noticed the water and towel beside Isabella, instantly understanding everything.

She walked over with a smile, took the towel from Isabella's hand, and pretended to act coquettishly to Michael on the bed, "Michael, Ms. Taylor is pregnant, how can you let her do this? Why didn't you wait for me?"

Isabella was speechless.

At first, she thought Violet was just bold, which was why she set her sights on Michael at her birthday party and then pursued him.

But now she understood, Violet was inherently hypocritical.

Her status hadn't even been acknowledged, yet she was eager to take the position of Mrs. Brown. Should she say Violet was too impatient or just stupid?

The more she acted like this, the cheaper she seemed.

The Brown Family would never want a woman with questionable character like Violet as Mrs. Brown.

She thought Michael could see through this, but he didn't even react.

He let Violet wipe his hands and face without a word of refusal.

She had said so much, but he remembered nothing.

Seeing Violet, he forgot everything.

Isabella rolled her eyes inwardly.

She had truly misjudged.

Michael wasn't worth her coming here at all.

At this moment, Violet added to her displeasure, "Ms. Taylor, you don't need to worry about this in the future. I'll take good care of Michael."

If she was testing Isabella's limits earlier.

Now Violet's proud eyes and provocative tone were deliberately trying to anger her.

But Violet seemed to forget that Isabella was not weak.

As the most favored daughter of the Wilson Family, the current Mrs. Brown, who was Isabella afraid of!

###chapter 225 Isabella, Don't Go

Violet dared to provoke her?

She gave Violet respect, but Violet did not know her own place.

Isabella raised an eyebrow, calmly stood up from the bedside, took a step back to lean against the floor-to-ceiling window, crossed her arms, and said, "Ms. Cooper, the way you call him makes me think you two are the real couple. I wonder what identity you stand here with now, Ms. Cooper?"

"We didn't need that identity. Michael and I are soulmates. Oh, I forgot, Ms. Taylor, you probably don't understand what it feels like to be 100% compatible with someone?" Violet sat proudly next to Michael, provoking Isabella.

So what if they were legally married?

In the end, Michael was still conquered by her. What Isabella cared about and possessed, Violet would take away one by one.

Just like the Taylor Family when they were kids.

Only then would she get double the pleasure.

However, Isabella didn't care at all. She glanced at their intimacy and a faint cold smile appeared on her lips.

"100% compatible? Ms. Cooper, you wouldn't be talking about the kind of 'compatibility' like being caught in bed last night, would you?"

"If that's the kind of 'compatibility,' I indeed don't understand!"

Isabella's words made Violet's face turn pale.

After all, what happened last night was not only seen by Isabella. Aiden had brought a group of people in, and if she hadn't been wearing clothes, they would have seen everything.

But how could Violet back down? Michael was a man she had worked hard to seduce, and she wouldn't let him escape from her grasp no matter what.

"It's just a way to add some spice, Ms. Taylor. You're busy with your career every day, probably haven't even enjoyed this before, right?"

"No wonder you're so angry. If you had experienced this kind of fun, you wouldn't say such unromantic things."

Violet openly mocked Isabella for being unromantic. No wonder Michael didn't want her.

If Isabella couldn't even do this, how could Michael possibly stay with her?

"Is that so?" Isabella squinted her eyes, "It seems you're very skilled, Ms. Cooper!"

"No wonder you speak so fluently. I just wonder how many times you've been caught in the act to gain such deep experience and insights?"

"But I must remind you, even though Michael and I are separated, it doesn't mean the Brown Family will accept a woman with 'caught in the act' experience like you. If you really want to sit in the position of Mrs. Brown, you'll have to work harder!"

Isabella didn't spell it out, but she had already nailed Violet's ambition outside the Brown Family's door.

Even the sharp and harsh Stella would never accept a woman like Violet as Michael's wife, let alone Aiden.

In the end, it was up to Michael to decide what to do.

"Whether I can marry in or not is none of your business. Michael and I have our own plans. If you truly want to step back, then divorce Michael and give up your position."

Violet no longer cared about face and Isabella's words were simply ineffective against her. She only knew that as long as Isabella stepped back, her chances of marrying into the Brown Family would increase.

Isabella was speechless and wanted to laugh.

Why did Michael see in a woman like Violet, who was only after fame and ambition?

Could it be that he was really after that bit of thrilling fun?

Indeed, men always thought with their lower halves.

These two were even being affectionate in front of her. If it weren't for Michael's tacit approval and indulgence, what confidence and courage would Violet have to confront her?

Violet dared to do this because Michael allowed it.

Understanding this, Isabella's eyes darkened. She stood up straight, always maintaining the confidence and dignity of the Wilson Family's daughter.

She would never lower her status because of what others did.

"Ms. Cooper, I'll say it one last time. Whether we divorce or not is between Michael and me. What we do is for us to discuss, not for an outsider like you to interfere."

"Moreover, from the beginning, I never stopped you from pursuing Michael. Whether you two are good or bad, I don't care. What I want is to ensure my interests and needs. If these words are hard for you to understand, then go back and think it over. Don't just yelling without using your brain."

After saying this, Isabella dusted off the nonexistent dust on her body and walked away.

She no longer had any attachment to the marital home she had lived in for three years.

Now that Violet had moved in, it was time for her to move forward.

Looking back would be a betrayal to herself.

As Isabella turned the doorknob to leave, Violet's sneer suddenly came from the room.

"Ms. Taylor, after saying so much, aren't you still trying to cling to the position of Mrs. Brown? From the day I returned to the country, you said you would divorce Michael. Until today, you still haven't let go?"

"By the way, you even got pregnant with Michael's child during the divorce period. Is this your determination to divorce, Isabella? It's really laughable."

"Shut up!" Michael's cold rebuke stunned Violet.

Since she came in, he had not reacted at all, intending to see a bit of jealousy from Isabella.

He wanted to know what position he held in her heart.

But when she was really about to leave him, her resolute and indifferent figure made him experience fear for the first time.

He was really panicking.

Seeing Michael truly angry, Violet bit her lip and stopped provoking Isabella.

But Isabella didn't appreciate it at all. She pulled the door open and was about to leave.

"Isabella, don't go!"

Michael's voice was filled with deep fear, as if he would lose her forever if he didn't catch her in the next second.

Perhaps hearing the change in his tone, Isabella paused for a moment.

Seeing hope, Michael's eyes lit up. He ignored the severity of his injuries, stumbled off the bed, and ran to Isabella, grabbing her hand.

"Isabella, I know you don't believe me, but I still need to explain last night..."

Michael's face was pale, his lips trembling, "Last night we were just..."

"There's really no need." Isabella smiled at him, "Michael, we are already separated. What you did doesn't need to be explained to me."

She knew what was Michael trying to say.

Even if he and Violet were just a moment of passion, he willingly went there with her, didn't he?

The problem between her and him wasn't just Violet, but also the disappointment she had accumulated over their three years of marriage.

Those three years, Bianca stood between them.

So, even without Violet, there would always be another woman. Ultimately, he didn't like her and never would.

Why bother explaining these meaningless words?

The final outcome would be the same, wouldn't it?

###chapter 226 Do You Still Have to Keep Acting?

Under Michael's gaze, Isabella slowly and firmly pushed his hand away.

In a calm tone, as if speaking to a stranger, she said, "Let go. Once Grandpa Daniel's health improves, we'll finalize the divorce. It won't take long."

With that, she left the second floor without looking back.

In the hall, Aiden, who was worried about their relationship, was pacing back and forth.

Seeing Isabella come down so quickly, Aiden was about to ask something when he saw Michael, injured and holding onto the railing, hurrying down after her.

Isabella said unhurriedly, "Grandpa Aiden, it's getting late. I'll head back now. Grandpa Daniel is still waiting at home. I won't stay any longer today."

Given the situation, Aiden, wanting to help Michael, couldn't insist on Isabella staying.

He could only nod, "Alright, send my regards to Daniel. Tell him I'll visit as soon as I have time."

"Okay, I'll be going then."

Just as Isabella finished speaking, a hoarse voice called out from behind, "Isabella."

She paused and turned to see Michael, who had chased her from the second floor.

The carpeted stairs had muffled his steps, so she hadn't heard him coming.

Michael's eyes were too complex for Isabella to decipher.

But with Aiden present, she couldn't clarify their relationship and could only respond with a smile, "Michael, you're injured. Go back and rest. I'll visit when I have time."

Her eyes curved into a smile, but there was no emotion in them.

These were not her true feelings.

She was merely putting on a show of affection to avoid worrying Aiden.

While Michael was lost in thought, Isabella had already walked away.

Standing in the hall, Aiden, looking disappointed, shouted at him, "Michael, what are you daydreaming about? Isabella's leaving. Aren't you going to say something?"

If he couldn't bear to let her go, why didn't he do something instead of regretting it?

Michael snapped out of it and hurried outside. Injured, he moved slowly, and Isabella, at the door on a call, didn't notice him approaching.

"Nolan, have you been busy these days? Why did it take you so long to call me?"

Though her tone was normal, there was a hint of coquettishness in Isabella's words.

It was as if she was chiding Nolan for not caring about her.

Michael's face turned pale, and he froze on the spot.

On the other end of the call was Nolan.

But Isabella's tone and demeanor were completely different from when she faced him.

There was no coldness or indifference.

At this moment, she was a woman who expressed her emotions, who would act coquettishly, flatter, and even question someone she cared about.

And all of this was directed at his biological brother, Nolan!

"Isabella!"

How could she treat him like this? He, Michael, was her lawful husband, the father of her unborn child. How could she ignore him like this?

"Who is it?"

Holding her phone, Isabella turned around in surprise to see Michael, in pajamas and slippers, with a dark expression.

Seeing Michael like this, Isabella didn't spare him a glance and continued her call.

"Yes, I'm at the Brown Family. He's just seeing me off, nothing more."

"You have time recently? Great. Of course, I have time if you come to me."

Holding her phone, Isabella walked towards her car, completely ignoring Michael.

"Tomorrow at 3 PM, Sweet Haven. Don't be late."

"You don't know how much I've been craving strawberry cake. Just looking at pictures makes my mouth water. Tomorrow, I'll indulge myself. Oh, come on, with you around, nothing will happen."

The car started smoothly and soon drove away from the Brown Villa.

Standing there, Michael clenched his fists tightly. 'Nolan! Just wait.'

Isabella had initially wavered on the idea of divorce, but Nolan's return had strained their relationship.

If Nolan dared to get involved with Isabella, how could he do nothing? Was he even a man?

Standing outside the door, Michael trembled uncontrollably. Suddenly, a weight settled on his shoulder.

A coat was draped over him.

Behind him, Violet's voice sounded, "You're so focused on chasing her that you forgot you're injured. What if you catch a cold and get a fever?"

Violet's every word compared her to Isabella.

She had witnessed everything from upstairs.

Isabella's indifference towards Michael gave her an opportunity. She believed that with her tenderness, Michael would surely respond.

"Oh, your hand is so cold. It's my fault. I should have stopped you. If you feel unwell, I'll be heartbroken."

As she spoke, Violet held his hand, her concern barely masking her love.

Michael's eyes darkened. For a moment, he even mistook Violet for Isabella.

If only Isabella cared for him like this.

Perhaps it was his mind playing tricks, but the more he looked at Violet, the more she resembled Isabella. He couldn't help but tighten his grip, wanting to pull Violet into his arms and never let go.

But before he could touch Violet, he realized something was wrong!

No! She wasn't Isabella; she was Violet.

Isabella wouldn't treat him like this. She had left.

She had found Nolan, the one she liked, and didn't want him anymore.

At this moment, Violet's heart raced, her face flushed, and she closed her eyes, waiting for Michael's passionate kiss.

She waited for a long time, but the kiss never came. Slowly opening her eyes, she felt her wrist tighten as Michael gripped her firmly.

In an urgent tone, he said, "Come with me."

He turned away, his eyes clearing, all his affection and hesitation vanishing, replaced by a cold determination.

He needed to resolve things with Violet now.

But as Michael dragged her upstairs, Violet was overjoyed. Isabella's departure had indeed had an effect. It seemed Michael had given up on Isabella.

And his current anger could serve as a catalyst for their relationship.

The thought of being with Michael in Isabella's marital bedroom thrilled Violet.

She was just one step away from becoming Mrs. Brown.

But as Violet dreamed, she didn't expect Michael to lead her not to his and Isabella's bedroom, but to a private study next door.

As the door closed, Violet finally saw the room's layout.

She was about to ask Michael why did he bring her here when his emotionless voice rang out. "Violet, haven't you had enough of following me around?"

Violet's body stiffened. Turning around, she met Michael's piercing gaze.

Her heart trembled, but she suppressed her emotions, speaking with great grievance, "Michael, what do you mean by that? I don't understand."

###chapter 227 What is Your Purpose

She lowered her head and reached out her hand, trying to grasp Michael's hand, seeking the warmth and care he usually gave her.

But this time, Michael decisively pushed her away.

"At this point, you still want to play dumb?"

Michael's eyes were dark, and his whole body exuded the pressure and aura of someone in power, making Violet feel uneasy.

She didn't understand.

Just a moment ago, Michael was about to hold her hand and even kiss her, but in the blink of an eye, everything changed.

He was no longer the gentle and caring Michael at the company, nor the one who always called her Violet.

Now, he was more like the cold-blooded Michael from a few months ago, who sent her to Auroria just because she drugged Isabella.

The Michael who exuded arrogance and ruthlessness from his bones.

Violet was once again confused.

Could it be that Michael's kindness to her these past days was all an illusion?

Michael wasn't in a hurry to press her.

He calmly sat behind the desk, his eyes showing no hesitation or doubt.

He originally intended to thoroughly investigate the forces behind Violet, but she was too blatant, even daring to interfere with his relationship with Isabella.

So it was no wonder he acted in advance.

"Tell me, who sent you to approach me, and what is your purpose?"

As the heir personally chosen and nurtured by Aiden, how could Michael be a fool who couldn't see through such petty tricks?

He could tell at a glance whether Violet approached him intentionally.

Now it was time to uncover Violet's true identity.

"My purpose?" Violet pretended not to understand, but her eyes were full of unwillingness.

She really thought her charm had captivated Michael, but now it seemed everything was firmly in his grasp.

The things he did, the sweet words he said, were all just to lure her into his trap.

But how could she expose herself so easily?

No one cherished her current identity more than she did.

"Mr. Brown, I don't know who told you such things, but if I have a purpose, it's to win your favor. I like you, I just want your love, is that so wrong?"

Violet's eyes were red, her lips trembling, as if she had been greatly humiliated.

These words would shake any man.

However, Violet underestimated the Michael in front of her.

Such indirect confessions, Michael had long grown tired of hearing.

He sneered, his voice full of sarcasm, "You mean, you approached me on purpose just because you like me?"

Although his tone was mocking, Violet couldn't care less.

She bit her lip and nodded, feeling wronged, "Ever since I saw you at Ms. Taylor's birthday party, I fell in love with you at first sight, Mr. Brown. I wanted to see you every day, so I tried my best to join the Brown Group, just to get closer to you. I really did it all for you."

"Why don't you believe me? Can't you see my performance at the company?"

By the end, Violet was already in tears.

She wasn't crying out of sadness, but out of unwillingness!

No matter how much she denied it, she had to face Michael's cold and ruthless expression at this moment. All the previous gentleness had disappeared.

Only now did she truly understand.

Michael had never changed from the beginning; it was she who changed. Just because of a little warmth he gave, she recklessly jumped into the trap he set.

No! She absolutely couldn't end things with him like this.

Michael could only belong to her. She had just taken him back from Isabella, how could she watch him escape!

The anger made her cry even louder, tears falling to the floor, quickly forming a wet patch.

At this moment, Michael simply took out a bottle of medicine from the drawer and placed it on the table.

Violet's crying stopped instantly, her face turning pale.

Michael raised an eyebrow, "Didn't you say you like me desperately? So, drugging me is one of your ways of showing affection?"

Violet looked up in shock, meeting Michael's sharp and fierce eyes, losing her previous aggrieved look.

All that was left was surprise and fear.

She instinctively shook her head, refusing to admit that this had anything to do with her.

"No, it's not true, I didn't do such a thing, Mr. Brown, you can't accuse me just because you don't like me."

Denying everything was always Violet's forte.

She had someone else buy the drug for her, without her direct involvement. As long as she didn't admit it, Michael couldn't do anything to her.

But how did he find out?

She had been so careful at the villa.

"Accuse you?" Michael snorted coldly, his eyes fixed on the white bottle, his words like needles piercing Violet.

"Colorless, tasteless, extremely potent, takes effect within half an hour, aren't these all your requirements? What, now you don't dare to admit it!"

With every word Michael said, Violet's face turned paler.

But he didn't care whether she admitted it or not, he had all the evidence. He was just curious to see how far she would go in her denial.

With slender fingers, he picked up the bottle, speaking nonchalantly, "A hot item on the black market abroad, you must have spent a lot of money to get it so easily, right?"

"Should I feel honored? After all, you wanted me so badly that you spent a fortune on this drug to use on me."

Michael's words were calm yet sarcastic, his tone no longer pretending with Violet.

This was the real him.

High and mighty towards outsiders, noble and arrogant, always in control of everything.

Suddenly, a black market investigation report was thrown in front of Violet.

Michael had lost his patience. Whether Violet's identity was real or fake, he didn't want to waste any more time with her.

He only wanted to bring Isabella back from Nolan, to make her see only him.

He was her man, the father of her child.

No one could separate their family.

Violet immediately saw her name and the foreigner she contacted to buy the drug.

It seemed Michael had already investigated her thoroughly. Continuing to deny would only make him more suspicious of her.

The best course of action now was to cut her losses to protect her current identity.

Only then would she have a chance to approach him again in the future.

"Mr. Brown, I didn't want this. You don't know how hard it was for me at the company, so I acted impulsively and was influenced by others. My original intention was just to be with you!"

"Enough! I don't want to hear these words anymore. What you want is not to be with me, but the wealth and glory of the Brown Family!"

###chapter 228 Driving Away Violet

Women who tried every trick to get into his bed were nothing new to him. Each one claimed to genuinely like him, but in the end, it was always about his power and benefits.

Violet's actions didn't concern him at all. He just wanted to get her out of his house as soon as possible.

He didn't want to see her again.

As for her true identity, he didn't have concrete evidence yet, so it was best not to bring it up to avoid alerting her.

Before Violet could desperately explain anything, Michael directly ordered her to leave.

"Take your things and leave the Brown Family now. Get out of my sight. If I see you again, you know what will happen."

Facing Michael's extremely cold eyes, Violet's many tactics were rendered useless.

Once Michael made a decision, no amount of sweet talk would change it.

As long as she stayed in Evergreen City, she still had a chance to get close to him.

She would not give up on him.

"I'll go. I will never appear in front of you again."

Violet wiped the tears from the corners of her eyes, took a deep breath, and said one last thing to Michael before turning around.

"You said you don't want to see me again. But could you let me say what I want to say? It's my only wish."

"Shoot." Michael nodded, his tone indifferent.

"Michael, are you so eager to drive me away because of Isabella?"

The last thing she wanted to admit in this life was that she lost to Isabella, but everything that should have been hers was taken by that bitch Isabella.

Including the Michael she loved the most, who had genuinely fallen for Isabella.

The thought of Michael falling in love with Isabella in just a few months and completely forgetting about her made Violet furious.

Why? Why did all the good things go to that bitch Isabella?

These should have been hers.

"You're wrong. This has nothing to do with Isabella."

Michael coldly glanced at her, his eyes clear and sharp. "The thing I despise the most is a woman who doesn't know her place, especially one who thinks she can read my mind and use it to climb up."

"Ms. Cooper, you fit every one of those traits, so I can't keep you."

Hearing this, Violet sneered, not believing that this was Michael's true feelings.

She spread her hands, showing her attitude. "We're all adults here. Mr. Brown, your words are really high-sounding. Or are you just afraid of others knowing who you really like, thus becoming your weakness?"

As she said these words, Violet's heart felt like it was bleeding.

Discovering that the Michael she loved had fallen for Isabella during her absence was more painful than death.

But if she didn't clarify his feelings now, she worried she might never have another chance to get close to him.

After all, she knew better than anyone how ruthless Michael could be.

"I said this has nothing to do with her. Your thoughts are your own, and I can't change them. I don't need to explain anything to you."

Michael deliberately avoided making things clear.

Violet's identity was still a mystery for now. If he revealed that he liked Isabella at this moment, it could bring unnecessary trouble and danger to Isabella.

Especially with the flash of hatred in Violet's eyes just now, he couldn't take the risk of putting Isabella and the child in danger.

If something irreversible happened, he would never be able to forgive himself.

"If you're finished, please leave. The Brown Family doesn't welcome you." Michael directly issued an eviction order.

"Fine, I'll go."

Violet bit her lip and left in anger. As she stepped out of the Brown Family's gate, she turned around and looked back, but there was no sadness on her face.

Instead, there was a deeper desire and unwillingness.

One day, she would come back and become the hostess of this place.

Michael's answers in the study just now made her very sure that his relationship with Isabella was not as good as she had imagined, but rather on the verge of breaking up.

Even if Michael had some feelings for Isabella, would Isabella really forgive him after witnessing him lying in bed with her?

And she was certain that Michael liked her.

Otherwise, he wouldn't have almost kissed her in a moment of distraction.

But why did he decisively reject her the next second?

Could it be...

A thought suddenly flashed through Violet's mind, and her face instantly turned red with embarrassment.

It must be that. Otherwise, why would Michael be so contradictory, clearly obsessed with her face, but still stop in time?

He must have mistaken her for Bianca, which was why he impulsively wanted to hold and kiss her.

When he realized she was "Violet" and not "Bianca," he hardened his heart and drove her away.

So that was it.

No wonder he denied liking Isabella so quickly.

It turned out Bianca was the one he truly liked.

Just wait and see, she would definitely win Michael over again.

Upstairs, watching Violet leave in a car, Michael put down the curtain and turned back inside.

He had chased after Isabella so urgently just now that he hadn't noticed some of his wounds had reopened. Now that the troublesome Violet was gone, as he calmed down, the pain from his wounds became more apparent.

He went to the bedroom to find the painkillers the doctor had left. Just as he was about to take them, the door opened.

Stella walked in with a bowl of steaming hot soup.

The scene of their argument last night was still vivid in his mind, and today Stella had made soup for him.

Michael felt a bit guilty.

"Mom, why are you here at this time?"

He usually didn't listen to her much, but last night's argument was the first of its kind.

At the time, he was angry and didn't think he had said anything too harsh.

But when he calmed down and thought about it, he realized he had hurt his mother's heart.

His father had died in an accident years ago, and Stella had protected him and provided a shield for him, preventing others from bullying him.

But being born into a wealthy family, it was impossible to avoid the tactics of those vying for benefits.

If you didn't fight, others would.

Stella had no support and didn't know how to manage the company, so she had to push him towards Aiden, seeking protection.

Those years were tough for them.

Fortunately, Aiden saw his ambition and talent, allowing him to stand out among his cousins.

He eventually won the position of heir to the Brown Group.

Once he took over the company, those in the Brown Family who wanted to seize power gradually left, and Stella finally became the true hostess of the Brown Family.

But years of struggle had ingrained a reflex in Stella.

Anyone who appeared in front of him was seen as a potential threat to his position and their future interests.

In the end, others might have the right to criticize Stella's actions, but he didn't.

Because everything Stella did was for him.

###chapter 229 Perceiving the Truth

Seeing Michael holding the medicine, Stella's anger dissipated.

She placed the bowl of soup in front of him, "What else am I doing here? You know you're injured and still go around. Drink this soup before taking the medicine. You haven't eaten anything all morning. Aren't you afraid of upsetting your stomach by taking medicine now?"

Looking at the hot soup in front of him, Michael felt a warmth in his heart.

He looked at Stella and sincerely said, "Thank you, Mom."

Stella's eyes trembled. She thought her silly son Michael didn't appreciate her, but she didn't expect him to suddenly thank her.

It made her a bit stunned.

"What's there to thank for? You're my son. No matter how much we argue, it won't separate our mother-son bond. Drink the soup quickly before it gets cold."

After speaking, she secretly wiped away a tear where he couldn't see.

Since Michael took over the company, he spent less and less time at home. She rarely had the chance to talk with him like this.

But no matter how he viewed her, as long as he was well, she feared nothing.

"Okay, I'll drink it now."

Michael obediently sat down to drink the soup, and Stella sat beside him, talking about what was on her mind.

"Michael, let me ask you something. Is it impossible between you and Isabella?"

Michael's eyelid twitched, and he suppressed his emotions before speaking, "Mom, what are you talking about? We're fine."

"Fine? Are you trying to deceive me?" Stella sighed and whispered, "I heard what you and Isabella said at the door. You two are just pretending for Daniel's illness. You've already broken up, haven't you?"

Michael fell silent.

Stella understood in her heart.

No wonder Isabella didn't care at all. It turned out Michael regretted it and wanted to win her back, but his belated sincerity had become worthless. It was too late.

Thinking back to three years ago when Isabella married into the Brown Family, she was obedient and well-behaved, never refusing anything asked of her.

But Stella always looked down on Isabella's rural background and made things difficult for her, always wanting Isabella's sister Bianca to replace her.

Now, looking at Isabella, she was the esteemed daughter of the Wilson Family and the publicly announced heir to the Wilson Group.

She and Michael were a perfect match.

It was all her fault for not cherishing her back then.

She used every means to separate them, and now Isabella was pregnant but refused to return to this home.

In the end, they ended up divorced.

"Alas!" Stella shook her head and sighed, "Maybe you two really aren't meant to be together. Don't force it. I have one wish. Now that you're managing the entire Brown Group, you need someone to take care of you. If Isabella really doesn't want to come back, I think Ms. Cooper is also good. Should I ask her for you?"

"Mom, can you stop meddling in these things?"

Michael pressed his temples helplessly.

He understood the concern of parents for their children, even if it was selfish.

But in his heart, there was only Isabella.

He couldn't look at anyone else, nor would he force himself to be with someone he didn't like.

"The only person I love is Isabella. No matter how good others are, I don't care. Don't talk about this in front of me again."

Michael's tone was low, but his expression was serious.

Stella looked worried, "You love her, but that doesn't mean she still loves you. If Isabella never forgives you, will you keep waiting?"

"Yes, I will wait until she forgives me." Michael's determination left Stella speechless.

She waved her hand, "Alright, since you said so, I won't interfere. If you two reconcile, I'll be happy. After all, my grandson is still with her."

"It's a pity about Ms. Cooper. She seems to care about you a lot, coming all the way here. She climbed the stairs faster than me. Anyone would think you two couldn't bear to be apart."

Stella assumed Michael had asked Violet to come over.

So she thought of persuading them to be together.

But now it seemed she was overthinking.

"Stairs?" Michael suddenly became alert.

"Are you saying you saw Violet coming up from the hall last night?"

Stella looked at him in surprise, "Yes, didn't you call her to come over your room? Otherwise, how would she know where your room is?"

Especially after their big argument, she thought Michael needed comfort and called Violet over.

Michael was stunned.

He clearly remembered Violet knocking on his door last night, saying she entered from the backyard and came to his room because it was the only one with lights on.

The Brown Villa was large, with many rooms, and the guest rooms were not close to his.

If Violet came directly from the hall and went straight to his door.

What did that mean?

It meant she was very familiar with the place and knew exactly where he was without asking.

The only person who fit that description, besides Bianca, whom he sent to Auroria, was no one else.

Michael's eyes narrowed.

He was now certain of one thing.

Violet was Bianca!

She changed her face, returned to the country, and tried every means to get close to him.

Michael clenched his fists and closed his eyes deeply.

"Michael, what's wrong?"

Stella didn't understand what Michael was thinking, but seeing his sudden change in emotion, she thought he regretted letting Violet go.

So she persuaded, "I don't mind you getting to know Violet. She seems sincere. If Isabella can't be persuaded, why not consider someone close to you?"

"Mom, I'm tired and want to rest. You should go."

Michael knew Stella misunderstood him, but he couldn't explain it now, so he sent her away.

However, he did regret one thing.

He shouldn't have impulsively driven Violet away. Now, it would be hard to get any useful information from her.

But since there was a flaw, he believed he could find traces of Bianca from Violet.

Once he confirmed she was Bianca, everything would be easier.

Stella watched him finish the soup and left.

Before leaving, she told him to rest well and not to aggravate his injury, as scars wouldn't look good.

She also mentioned Aiden, "You're his grandson. How could he be so harsh at his age?"

"Don't blame Grandpa."

Michael quickly responded and closed the door.

He swallowed the painkillers he had just found. Before he could sort out his thoughts about Violet, Isabella's call suddenly came.

###chapter 230 An Appointment with Nolan

"Michael, I forgot to tell you something. Grandpa Daniel doesn't know the full story about you getting beaten up. I only told him you were injured and needed to rest at home for a while."

"If you recover well, can you come over to see Grandpa Daniel? He's very worried about you. Of course, I'll be there to help and make sure he doesn't find out anything else."

Even Isabella herself found it strange.

Michael's injury was no small matter, but Daniel didn't ask much about it. He just told her to go see him and show more concern.

Daniel wasn't even curious about how Michael got injured or who did it.

Now that she had visited Michael as Daniel said, all that was left was for him to recover a bit and come over to smooth things over in front of Daniel, and everything would be fine.

"Grandpa Daniel wants to see me?"

Michael caught the key point in her words and reacted quickly, "Isabella, where are you? I can come over right now... ouch!"

The thought of being able to see her right now made Michael so excited that he accidentally pulled at the wound on his back, causing him to gasp in pain.

Michael's suppressed groan was heard clearly by Isabella on the other end of the phone.

"I didn't mean right now. Wait until your injury heals."

Although she had made up her mind to separate from him, Michael was still the father of her child. Having him come over with injuries to help her act was not very considerate.

"Okay."

Michael also knew that in his current state, it was really inconvenient to see Daniel and her family, so he didn't insist.

The phone fell silent.

Neither of them spoke, nor did they hang up.

Just as Michael's heart started to race, Isabella's gentle voice came through.

"Michael, no matter what, we have a child together, so I want to give you a piece of advice..."

"Go ahead, I'm listening."

Hearing her acknowledge their child and their relationship, Michael's eyes lit up, and hope rekindled in his heart.

But the next second, Isabella shattered his hopes.

"I hope that in the future, you will be more careful in such matters. Don't let Grandpa Aiden find out. It's embarrassing, and he is so old. What if he gets too emotional?"

Thinking about how Aiden, in his eighties, still had to worry about Michael, who was in his twenties, and even had to rush to the suburbs in the middle of the night to catch him in the act.

Isabella felt that Michael's actions were too outrageous.

Could he not live without a woman?

"Don't you have anything else to say to me?" Michael's mouth twitched as he listened, taking a deep breath to suppress the urge to explain himself.

After driving Violet away, his first thought was to explain last night's events to her.

But after thinking it over, he realized it wouldn't work.

He was almost certain that Violet was actually Bianca in disguise. If he could uncover the truth and tell Isabella that Violet was Bianca, then all the affairs between him and "Violet" would "make sense."

But she really knew how to get under his skin, stabbing him with every word, without a hint of concern for him.

Isabella paused for a moment and then said, "I have nothing more to say. That's it, I'm hanging up."

Michael's face went from initial excitement and anticipation to a deep gloom.

He knew it was almost impossible to hear a kind word from her.

But he wouldn't give up on winning her back. She was his woman, and she would always be his.

On the other side, Isabella stared at her phone, feeling a pang of regret.

She should have just conveyed Daniel's message to him.

But she couldn't help herself and ended up saying so much more.

Michael wouldn't have realized she was concerned about him, would he?

She scolded herself in mind, 'Isabella, Isabella, why are you so stupid, and can't you just let it go? He is no longer the Michael he used to be. A man like him isn't worth any more of your genuine feelings, not even a word of concern.'

But all her reactions on the phone seemed instinctive, beyond her control.

Isabella sighed helplessly.

Indeed, the Michael she had loved for so many years wasn't someone she could just let go of.

The next afternoon, at Sweet Haven.

After arriving, Isabella chose a quiet spot and ordered a cup of juice and a strawberry cake.

Thinking that Nolan would be coming soon, she specifically asked the waiter to remove the chair in front of her to make room for Nolan's wheelchair.

Nolan arrived quickly. Just after the chair was removed, he appeared at the door.

As the weather turned colder, Nolan was wearing a dark gray knit sweater, and today, his legs were not covered with a thin blanket but were instead clad in black pants.

This made him look even taller and more upright.

In this light, Nolan looked like a handsome man straight out of a comic book, slender and beautiful with a touch of endearing fragility.

"Nolan, I'm over here."

Isabella raised her hand and waved at him. The moment Nolan's eyes met hers, a smile appeared on his face.

Like the afternoon sun outside the window, warm and uplifting.

"Isabella, why did you suddenly ask me out today?"

Since their last conversation at Whispering Pines Estates, Isabella had been in a bad mood and hadn't been to school since that day.

Knowing she was struggling to get over it, Nolan hadn't bothered her much.

"I missed you. Last time, I didn't even know when you left. We barely talked before you were gone."

Isabella cared a lot about Nolan's feelings.

Nolan smiled indifferently, "You're pregnant. Do you think I would hold a grudge over something like that, Isabella? You think too little of me."

Isabella laughed too.

She knew Nolan wouldn't mind such trivial matters, but she didn't want him to feel that she didn't value him as a friend.

Suddenly, she thought of something, "By the way, Nolan, I wanted to ask you. I haven't been to school to teach since I got pregnant. Will the school have any issues with that?"

Nolan shook his head, "No, they invited you to boost the school's reputation and to inspire the students. If you don't want to go, no one will force you. You're not under a formal contract with the school, so there are no strict requirements."

"That's good. I was worried that if I kept not going to school, it would cause trouble for you."

She wasn't afraid of the school pressuring her, but she had gone to the school because Nolan vouched for her.

If her absence caused him trouble at school, she would feel guilty.

At this moment, the waiter came over and asked Nolan what he wanted to order.

Nolan pointed to the menu and ordered a cup of the signature coffee, then added a few of Isabella's favorite desserts.

After the waiter left, he continued answering Isabella's question.

"Did you forget that I was hired by the school with a high salary to return to the country? They value me too much to cause me any trouble."

###chapter 231 Getting a New Husband

Isabella finally felt relieved, and her gaze involuntarily fell on Nolan's face, which bore an uncanny resemblance to Michael's.

She knew that the person she had always loved was Michael.

But the gentleness and elegance that Nolan exuded made her feel a sense of wonder, as if she were seeing an impossible side of Michael.

Even though their appearances were about 70-80% similar, their temperaments and personalities were vastly different.

Realizing that she was once again subconsciously comparing Nolan's face to Michael's, Isabella quickly averted her gaze and pulled her thoughts back.

They chatted for a bit, and soon the desserts and drinks they ordered were brought to the table.

In addition to the strawberry cake Isabella ordered for herself, Nolan also got her a cheesecake and a fruit platter.

Isabella had been craving sweets these past few days, and seeing so many delicious treats in front of her, she didn't hesitate at all and started eating with big bites.

She didn't care about her image at all, after all, Nolan was like family to her.

But what Isabella didn't know was that in Nolan's eyes, her way of eating cake was as joyful as a little squirrel in the forest.

Her cute and satisfied look made it hard for him to look away.

Nolan couldn't help but smile, his eyes filled with indulgence and tenderness.

He thoughtfully moved the fruit closer to her, to make sure she wouldn't miss any one of it.

When Isabella finally paused, Nolan began to chat with her again.

"Isabella, have you thought about how you want to plan your future life after having the baby?"

The word "future" sounded distant, but Nolan still wanted to know if Michael was part of her future plans.

He knew all too well how deep and heavy Isabella's feelings for Michael were.

Even though she was determined to divorce Michael now, as long as they weren't divorced, he couldn't be completely at ease.

"The future?" Isabella thought for a moment, "I have thought about it, but for now, my main focus is on the pregnancy. I'll make plans after the baby is born."

"But one thing is certain, this child will only be mine in the future, and will have nothing to do with Michael."

In the past, there was Bianca between them, and now there was Violet.

Even if she were foolish, she would have figured out where the problem lay.

It wasn't that she wasn't good enough, it was that Michael never loved her.

No matter how much she gave, it would only be a burden to him. It was better to let go and set them both free.

If it weren't for Daniel's condition being too fragile for any shock, she would have divorced Michael long ago.

Nolan secretly breathed a sigh of relief.

So, Isabella and Michael really couldn't reconcile.

That was great.

Only if they truly reached the point of divorce could he take that step and fulfill a dream he had for many years.

"But Isabella, a child should not have just one parent, receiving only maternal love at birth while lacking paternal love."

"We both suffered from this when we were young. If the child is asked why he doesn't have a father, he will feel hurt. We both know that feeling, you should understand."

Because Nolan's mother passed away early, he was not valued by his family, and his father was never home, never giving him even the slightest bit of care.

Isabella had experienced Grace's death and Harper's bullying, both having childhoods where they were not valued.

But Isabella was lucky.

She was taken back to the Wilson Family by Daniel, and for so many years, Daniel and her uncles treated her like a little princess, loved her, and filled the void in her heart.

Nolan, on the other hand, lived in that environment for over a decade before finally making it through.

But no matter what, an unhappy childhood affected a person's entire life.

Isabella thought of her past after hearing Nolan's words.

Nolan was right.

She didn't grow up in a complete family and couldn't let her child go through the same pain.

But who should she resort to?

Suddenly, Isabella seemed to realize something and looked at Nolan with a helpless expression.

"Nolan, are you trying to persuade me to reconcile with Michael again?"

She couldn't understand why Nolan was so supportive of her and Michael.

Before returning to the country, he was unconditionally on her side.

But after having this child, Nolan had completely changed.

To let go of Michael, she had made a huge effort and decision.

She would never go back.

"Isabella, you misunderstood. I'm not trying to persuade you to reconcile."

Nolan quickly explained, "What I mean is, a child needs a father figure. It doesn't matter if he's not the biological father, as long as he can be there for the child as he grows up."

Isabella understood.

Nolan was suggesting that she find a man to marry and create a new family for the child before the baby was born.

She sighed, "But Nolan, my relationship with Michael isn't completely over yet, and I don't have that thought for now."

She was already exhausted dealing with the Brown Family and Daniel, and there was still Michael causing trouble outside.

If she secretly found a "dad" for the future child, Daniel would break her legs if he found out.

Moreover, she was still responsible for finding girlfriends for her uncles, and there had been no progress for days.

She was worried sick.

How could she have the energy to find herself a "new husband"?

Meanwhile, Michael in a long coat and a baseball cap had somehow taken a seat behind them.

He leaned in and listened to their conversation clearly.

When he heard Nolan suggesting that Isabella start a new relationship, Michael's face instantly darkened.

Nolan! What was he up to?

Luckily, he had overheard Isabella's phone call yesterday and remembered this place, following her here and sitting in a corner in advance.

He thought Isabella would choose a private room to talk with Nolan, but she chose to sit outside, right in front of him.

With their backs to each other, he heard every word she said.

Including her unreservedly sharing her future plans with Nolan.

If he hadn't come, who knew how far their conversation would have gone.

He was her real husband, after all.

What did she mean by saying the child would have nothing to do with him in the future? He had only signed the agreement to make her feel secure and take care of her pregnancy.

But she turned around and kicked him out of her life.

She was even thinking of finding another "dad" for the child. He was the biological father, and that paternal love was irreplaceable.

###chapter 232 Are You Still a Man or Not

He would never allow his child to call another man "dad."

That would be more painful than killing him!

Nolan, if it weren't for the fact that Nolan was his brother, he would have rushed over and given him a good beating.

Fortunately, Isabella rejected Nolan's proposal in time.

Michael felt a little better.

But as the young master of the Brown Family and the heir to the group, Michael disguising himself as an eavesdropper hiding in the corner was incomprehensible.

Michael felt indescribably complex and uncomfortable, but when he thought of the harm he had done to Isabella, his desire to make it up to her reached its peak.

He didn't feel wronged anymore.

As long as he could get Isabella and the child back, he would be satisfied.

Just as he was about to continue eavesdropping on Isabella and Nolan's conversation, a familiar figure suddenly flashed past the window.

Then, a woman wearing a luxurious coat and a sexy dress walked into the dessert shop.

The people who came here were mostly young couples from nearby schools and white-collar workers commuting to and from work. Seeing such a sexy beauty enter the shop, the waiters' eyes widened.

Before they could step forward to inquire, the woman pointed to the corner.

The waiter quickly looked over and saw Michael, dressed in a long black trench coat, sitting there, understanding the woman's intention.

Then he stepped back.

It was peak time in the shop, and Violet's appearance instantly caused a stir among the crowd.

Just as Isabella felt the noise, the sound of high heels on the floor got closer and closer to her.

It wasn't until Violet's sweet and soft voice sounded that Isabella suddenly looked up.

"Michael, is it really you? I thought I was seeing things."

Isabella was first shocked by Violet's appearance, and then came an even bigger "surprise!"

Michael was here too?

Since when?

If Michael was here, how could she not see him?

But why wasn't he at home resting, and instead came to a dessert shop?

But the next second, she followed Violet's gaze and saw the black figure behind her.

With just one glance, she recognized him.

It really was him!

The backs of the sofa chairs in the dessert shop were quite high, so unless you stood up to look, you couldn't see who was sitting at the next table.

At this moment, Michael seemed to have a telepathic connection with Isabella. He looked up and happened to meet her gaze.

Isabella's eyes were sharp, while Michael's were embarrassed and evasive.

Soon, Isabella shifted her gaze to Nolan in front of her and couldn't help but sigh.

"This world is really small, you can run into acquaintances anywhere!"

Nolan nodded in agreement, "I know."

"Mr. Brown, Ms. Taylor, what a coincidence, you're here too?"

Violet, who had walked up to them, looked at the two people sitting in front of Michael as if she didn't expect they two were also here, surprised and delighted.

No wonder she ran into Michael here, it was because Isabella was here too?

"I arranged to meet Isabella here, I didn't know Michael was here too. Did you arrange to meet as well?"

Violet was his student, so Nolan maintained the necessary courtesy and enthusiasm towards her.

"Michael and I..."

Violet bit her lip, subconsciously glancing at Michael in the corner, not wanting to give up this opportunity.

"We did arrange to meet here."

Isabella felt a bit uncomfortable, but didn't show it on her face.

At this moment, Violet made a suggestion, "Mr. Brown, Ms. Taylor, since the four of us coincidentally ended up in the same shop, why don't we sit together and chat?"

Violet did it on purpose.

She wanted Isabella to see firsthand how intimate she and Michael were.

Isabella should give up any thoughts of reconciliation.

Nolan had no objections and turned his gaze to Isabella, leaving the decision to her.

Isabella didn't want to have any more interactions with Michael, but with Violet provoking her, she couldn't back down.

"Sure!"

The main thing was she wanted to ask Michael, as the president of the Brown Group, what he was thinking using such lowly eavesdropping tactics?

"Then I'll go tell Michael. Mr. Brown, Ms. Taylor, you two can come over in a bit."

Violet happily ran over, and before Isabella and Nolan could make a move, they heard Violet's coquettish voice from the next table.

"Michael, don't be mad at me, okay? I really know I was wrong, I shouldn't have said those hurtful things to you and left you that day."

"Considering how long we've been together, please forgive me this once."

Violet's voice was already soft, and now she was deliberately acting coquettish in front of Michael, saying all kinds of sweet words was quite easy for her.

If it were an ordinary couple, with the girlfriend lowering herself to coax him like this, he would have been swayed in a few sentences.

But Michael didn't say a word.

He was as cold as a stone in winter.

This situation quickly attracted the attention of the people around them, and many stood up to see what kind of man could make Violet beg for forgiveness so humbly.

Isabella and Nolan didn't want to interrupt their affection at this moment, so they sat in their seats and listened.

Seeing this, Violet's eyes flashed, and she moved closer to sit beside Michael, wrapping her arms around his.

"Michael, I know you're mad at me, but so many people are watching us now. Can you give me a chance? I promise to listen to you from now on. I'll do whatever you want me to do."

Michael's face was cold, but his mind was clear.

He urgently needed to find key evidence that Violet was Bianca, and to find the evidence, he had to start with her.

This kind of contact was what he needed most at the moment.

But the timing was wrong.

Isabella was right there, with Nolan. If she saw him like this, all the misunderstandings would be confirmed.

She wouldn't trust him anymore.

But Michael's hesitation didn't attract Isabella, it attracted a burly man.

The man walked up to them angrily, pointing at Michael and questioning him.

"This is the first time I've seen a man like you. Your girlfriend is apologizing to you so humbly, and you don't say a word. Are you even a man?"

The man's eyes were fierce, but when he looked at the pitiful Violet, they became as gentle as water as if afraid of scaring Violet.

"Miss, don't be afraid, I'm not targeting you. I just think you have poor judgment in men. What kind of boyfriend is this? He has no manly spirit at all."

His words directly ignited Michael's anger.

###chapter 233 Whoever Gets Involved Is Unlucky

When did it become the business of outsiders to point at Michael's every move?

Who the hell was this man? What right did he have to meddle his affairs?

But Isabella was sitting at another table, and Michael didn't want to make it too obvious.

He couldn't exactly say he was just following to eavesdrop on what she and Nolan were talking about, could he?

"Is it your business? Wipe the drool off your mouth. Those who know would say you're meddling, those who don't might think you're interested in the person next to me."

Michael said this while subtly pushing Violet, who was close to him, away, taking the opportunity to counterattack.

He carried himself with an air of nobility and coldness, completely disregarding the burly man in front of him.

His mocking words directly angered the man opposite him.

Relying on his height advantage, the man raised his hand, but instead of hitting Michael, he knocked off Michael's hat.

Michael's handsome and striking face was exposed.

The onlookers gasped in surprise.

"Oh my God, isn't that Michael, the CEO of the Brown Group? What is he doing here?"

"I love him so much, he's handsome and has a great body. I dream of touching those eight-pack abs. If I could spend one night with him, it would be worth dying for."

Isabella, who had been watching the scene unfold, shivered at these words.

What kind of twisted thinking does this girl have, willing to die just to sleep with Michael?

She had slept with Michael many times, would she be cursed or something?

Indeed, Michael was toxic; anyone who got involved with him was doomed.

Soon, the crowd shifted their focus.

"Hey, who is she? Isn't Michael still married to the eldest daughter of the Wilson Family? Why is she sitting so intimately with Mr. Michael Brown?"

"Doesn't she know Mr. Michael Brown is married? She's calling him so affectionately, she's clearly trying to seduce him."

"I found out, she's the student named Violet who previously caused trouble for Ms. Taylor and got humiliated. I heard she's an international student and has a close relationship with Mr. Nolan Brown of the Brown Family."

Hearing Violet's identity and past scandals, the crowd clicked their tongues.

They immediately saw through Violet's intentions and schemes.

"No wonder Violet looks so unpleasant. She's clearly taking advantage of the issues between Michael and Isabella to become the third party in their marriage."

"Doesn't she know Mr. Brown's wife is Ms. Taylor Wilson? How dare she compete with Ms. Taylor, she thinks too highly of herself."

"If you ask me, Mr. Brown is also at fault. Doesn't he know he's married? Bringing Violet out so openly, no wonder Ms. Taylor doesn't want him, bad man!"

Because of Violet and Michael's presence, the dessert shop turned into a discussion forum.

Isabella realized for the first time that so many people online were defending her.

Everyone unanimously pointed their fingers at Violet and Michael.

Some even took out their phones to record videos, explaining the relationships of the people in the video as they filmed.

The scene became chaotic.

Isabella knew very well that she couldn't reveal her identity at this moment.

If she suddenly stood up now, especially with Nolan, even though they hadn't done anything, in this situation, who knows what rumors might spread?

As she hesitated, Nolan suddenly took her hand.

He signaled her to leave quietly.

To prevent the situation from escalating, Isabella decided it was best to leave first.

Fortunately, Michael had attracted everyone's attention, and Nolan placed cash on the table and left with Isabella.

"Isabella, take my car. I'll drive you home first. Michael can handle this small matter."

Nolan stopped outside, and a white business car pulled up from the roadside, stopping in front of them.

The driver got out, politely nodded at Isabella, and then helped Nolan into the car, properly securing the wheelchair.

Nolan reached out to her, gently comforting her, "Isabella, come on, you're pregnant and can't be stressed. Someone will come to pick up your car later. Just take my car, please."

Isabella stood by the roadside, listening to Nolan's meticulous care, but her mind was on what had happened in the dessert shop.

Her feelings were incredibly complex.

She didn't want to worry Nolan, but she had to stay to deal with Michael's trouble.

Given the backgrounds and influence of the Wilson Family and the Brown Family, a mere rumor wouldn't have much impact, but she feared that if this matter spread, it would reach Daniel's ears.

Their marriage was already full of holes; how could it withstand another blow?

Daniel was in a period of recuperation and couldn't handle such stress.

For Daniel's sake, she had to quell this matter in advance.

In the end, she made a decision.

"Nolan, I'm fine. You go ahead. I'll handle this and then leave."

Nolan's expression changed slightly, but he maintained his usual gentleness, speaking with resignation, "Isabella, are you going back to help Michael?"

She still cared about Michael.

Isabella shook her head, "Nolan, I'm not going back to help him. I'm afraid if this scandal spreads online and my grandfather sees it, it won't be good."

Nolan sighed in relief, "But if you go back now, it will only make the situation more chaotic. You're pregnant, listen to me, come with me."

"Nolan, you go ahead, don't worry about me."

This time, Isabella didn't listen to Nolan. She pressed her lips together, having made up her mind.

She was going to go in and resolve the situation.

After speaking, she turned and walked quickly towards the dessert shop. Just as she was about to push the door open, her phone in her bag suddenly rang.

Seeing the name on the screen, Isabella frowned. It was her trusted assistant, Jesse.

He had been keeping an eye on things at the company for her.

If Jesse was calling, something must have happened.

Isabella stepped aside to a quiet spot and quickly answered, "Jesse, what's wrong? Is there a problem at the company?"

Since Emilio took over as vice president of the Wilson Group, she had left Jesse to assist him. Unless there was a major issue requiring her attention or signature, Jesse rarely contacted her.

This was also because Isabella was pregnant, and Atticus had secretly taken over company affairs to let her rest.

Jesse's voice was urgent, "Ms. Taylor, where are you?"

Isabella grew anxious, "Just tell me what's going on."

The more urgent Jesse sounded, the more uneasy Isabella felt.

"Ms. Taylor, a scandal about Mr. Brown just broke online. It's gaining a lot of attention, and we can't suppress it."

Isabella's heart sank.

Her worst fear had come true.

Without ending the call, Isabella opened the latest online news.

Sure enough, photos of Michael and Violet in the dessert shop were already online, and the two of them were trending.

Even the headlines were about them.

[Brown Group CEO Michael secretly appears in a dessert shop, with Violet, the third party, clinging to him.]

[Third party Violet's identity exposed, many speculate they have been having an affair, poor original wife Isabella is still in the dark.]

###chapter 234 The Influence of Public Opinion

Isabella saw the headline and pressed her temples helplessly.

She had anticipated that things would escalate, but she didn't expect it to happen so quickly. After all, it had only been a matter of minutes since the incident occurred.

She was still on the scene, not even thinking about how to control the situation.

The hot news online had already started to spread like wildfire.

The speed and reaction of these reporters were almost comparable to a sprint race.

It was so fast that it hardly gave anyone time to respond.

Although it seemed that the Brown Family was the one being impacted, she and Michael were still married, and at this rate, it was only a matter of time before the Wilson Family would be affected as well.

"Jesse, how is the company doing now?"

These reporters were always the quickest to react to such matters. As soon as the news broke, they would definitely seek confirmation from the company to grab the exclusive interview.

Jesse replied, "The PR department has already started looking for the media outlets that posted online, striving to suppress the false statements."

"Mr. Blair has also issued orders to reject all calls and inquiries regarding you and Mr. Brown, and not to accept any media interviews."

This topic was currently at the forefront, and one wrong word could easily bring negative impact to both the company and herself.

Only by first understanding the direction of public opinion and then responding accordingly could the impact be minimized.

Hearing what Jesse said, Isabella breathed a sigh of relief.

She knew that bringing Emilio back from abroad to help her was the right decision.

With him there, she could rest assured about the company.

"Follow Emilio's instructions at the company. Make sure to keep this matter from my grandfather. I will contact you immediately if there are any changes."

Jesse responded, "Yes."

Ending the call, Isabella quickly took a hat and mask from her bag to disguise herself as a passerby and followed the crowd into the store.

By this time, a large crowd had already gathered inside the store, making the scene so chaotic that even the waitstaff couldn't control it.

Everyone's attention was focused on Michael and Violet, and no one noticed Isabella standing among the crowd.

Michael's bodyguards immediately surrounded the two, while others dispersed the crowd and escorted them out through the back door.

But the reporters who had finally grabbed the headlines were not about to give up such a great opportunity.

They ignored the bodyguards' attempts to drive them away and desperately tried to get the first piece of material.

"Mr. Brown, there are rumors that your wife Isabella is pregnant. How can you do this to her?"

"As the father of the child, instead of being by Isabella's side, you are secretly meeting Violet outside. Does this mean your divorce is already finalized?"

"Or have you already secretly divorced? Please give an explanation!"

The bodyguards immediately rushed over and snatched the microphones from the reporters.

"Our Mr. Brown hasn't said a word. If you dare to spread rumors online, the lawyer's letter will be in your hands immediately!"

A black luxury car quickly arrived, and Michael and Violet got in the car and left the crowd.

The reporters left disappointed.

The crowd and cars gradually dispersed.

The heavy stone in Isabella's heart finally fell.

Indeed, Michael had seen all kinds of storms and waves. A small unexpected event was nothing to him; he wouldn't even take it to heart.

Her rushing back was just causing herself unnecessary trouble.

Isabella shook her head and was about to leave when a modified black luxury car suddenly stopped by the roadside.

The car honked at her.

Isabella stopped and saw Atticus waving at her from the car.

"Uncle Atticus?"

She was stunned for a moment, seeing that no one was looking her way, she quickly walked over, got in the car, and sat in the passenger seat before asking.

"Why are you here?"

Atticus sighed and looked at her, "Of course, I saw the news and was worried about you."

Then he angrily said, "Michael is getting more and more outrageous. I can't control him gambling with the entire Brown Family, but I can't let him mess with you. You are the young lady of the Wilson Family; you don't need to suffer this grievance."

Hearing Atticus protect her like this, Isabella felt a warmth in her heart.

"I'm not suffering any grievance. Didn't you see that even the reporters are on my side, standing up for me?"

She said this, but her eyes were red.

It felt so good to be cared for by family.

"Uncle Atticus, how is Grandpa? I'm very worried that he will hear about this."

Daniel couldn't let go of her the most. No matter how well she and Michael cooperated usually, once this matter was exposed, how could Daniel not be angry?

Atticus gently comforted her, "Dad doesn't know yet. The company suppressed the news immediately. You don't need to worry about the rest. Taking good care of yourself is the most important thing."

With Atticus backing her up, Isabella felt much more at ease and nodded silently.

Atticus took her back to Whispering Pines Estates.

Opening the door, Isabella saw Olivia sitting in the living room.

She turned to Atticus in surprise and quickly understood Olivia's purpose from his eyes.

It was Atticus's idea.

He was worried she would be affected by public opinion, so he brought Olivia over to accompany her.

However, Isabella still felt a bit guilty. She walked up to Olivia and said, "Olivia, aren't you with the crew? Will coming over now affect your shooting schedule?"

Olivia smiled indifferently, pulling her to sit on the sofa.

"Don't worry about me. My scenes with the crew are already finished. But you're pregnant, you should stay home and rest. You're always running around all the time, who wouldn't be worried?"

Olivia's seemingly reproachful tone was actually full of concern for Isabella.

The two had always had a good relationship, and now they had endless things to talk about. Isabella's mood shifted from low to a smile.

"Alright, alright, Uncle Atticus scolded me on the way, and now you're nagging me at home. You two are quite in sync."

Olivia didn't expect Isabella to compare her with Atticus suddenly. She instinctively looked at Atticus and found him looking at her too.

Her heart couldn't help but tremble.

She had made up her mind to forget him, but Atticus kept appearing in front of her from time to time.

Making it impossible for her to forget.

Her heart fluttered.

Olivia's face turned red, and she quickly looked away.

Isabella, who was intentionally trying to matchmake the two, saw this clearly.

Sure enough, she guessed right.

Olivia definitely had feelings for Atticus.

And Atticus's behavior and reaction didn't seem like he had no feelings for Olivia either.

The strange thing was, if they both had feelings for each other, why hadn't there been any progress for so long?

###chapter 235 Delivering Oneself to the Door

The Brown Group, President's Office.

Michael leaned back in his office chair, pinching the bridge of his nose, looking exhausted.

He had disguised himself to enter the dessert shop, originally intending to follow Isabella and see what she and Nolan were discussing in private. But Violet's appearance had escalated the situation into a "public opinion crisis."

The internet was now flooded with scandalous news about him knowing Isabella was pregnant yet still having a rendezvous with Violet.

The criticism was overwhelming.

Fortunately, Isabella was not affected and had left the scene early.

She was still carrying their baby, and if she were to be agitated, he couldn't even dare to imagine the severe consequences.

So, instead of resting at home to recover from his injuries, he had to return to the company to handle this matter.

This time, he used the power of the Brown Group to suppress the online buzz with a firm attitude.

However, after this incident, Isabella probably wouldn't forgive him anymore.

Their relationship had once again hit rock bottom.

Thinking about this made Michael extremely agitated.

His injuries also started to ache faintly. Just as he was about to light a cigarette to relieve some stress, the office door suddenly opened.

Violet, with her exquisite makeup, walked in.

Her eyes were filled with emotion, "Mr. Brown, I'm sorry, I caused you trouble. I won't shirk any responsibility that needs to be taken."

Michael squinted his eyes, almost forgetting that Violet had followed him back.

Ever since he discovered her true identity from Stella's words, Michael had been thinking about how to get her back. He didn't expect her to come to him on her own.

Well, it saved him some time.

"The responsibility is not yours. It's about the company's reputation. The Brown Group will handle it entirely."

Michael's expression softened slightly, and his tone lowered a bit, "Why haven't you gone home yet? Weren't you frightened?"

Since their relationship was exposed in the Brown Family's study two days ago, he had seen through Violet's actions clearly.

Earlier in the dessert shop, he had already taken her away from there. With the news about them spreading all over the internet, anyone would think of separating to avoid the limelight.

But Violet didn't care at all. Wherever he went, she followed.

Her intentions were now blatantly obvious.

Violet's eyes reddened, and she took two steps forward, looking pitiful, "Michael, I know you're still mad at me, but I really like you. I don't know how today's situation turned out like this."

"I really didn't mean to cause you trouble. If there's anything I can help with, I'm willing to come forward and explain to the public."

Violet's heartfelt confession made Michael even more certain of his thoughts.

People's emotions couldn't lie when they were nervous.

The person standing in front of him now was too much like Bianca.

But looking at her reminded him of Isabella.

In such an urgent situation earlier, would Isabella have cared about his predicament even a little?

Or would she have left without hesitation with Nolan?

Thinking about her possibly forming a new family with another man in the future, and their child calling someone else "dad," made it hard for him to breathe.

No, he would never allow his child to call another man "dad."

And he would never let her go.

While Michael was lost in thought, Violet gently draped a blanket over his shoulders.

"Michael, your injuries haven't healed yet. You need to keep warm to avoid catching a fever."

Violet's considerate care and humble attitude of seeking reconciliation.

No man could resist that.

Especially after being abandoned by Isabella.

Violet had precisely calculated this, which was why she followed Michael back to the company.

The commotion in the dessert shop was so big that even though the Brown Group suppressed the public opinion immediately, there were certainly still reporters outside trying to seize the opportunity.

As long as the news of her and Michael appearing at the company got out, she wouldn't need to say anything, and people would confirm her relationship with Michael.

As long as the identity of "Violet" remained, she wasn't worried that Michael would really drive her away.

She knew him too well.

As long as it didn't touch his bottom line, acting coquettish and weak, or even crying, would always earn his forgiveness.

Violet's mind was racing with schemes, while Michael, sitting in the chair, had a calm and emotionless expression.

He stared at Violet without any emotion in his voice.

"Ms. Cooper, do you really like me that much?"

Suddenly being asked such a straightforward question by Michael, Violet's heart skipped a beat, and her face turned red.

"Michael, can't you see my sincerity by now? I truly like you. This feeling has never been mixed with any impurities."

Violet didn't understand Michael's thoughts.

He should have already seen through her intentions and thoughts, so why was he asking such a question now?

Was he testing her again?

Violet became defensive.

Michael seemed to see through her wariness and said something that dispelled her doubts.

"We've only known each other for a few months, and we just met several times. But you give me a very different feeling. You're very much like someone from my past that I can't forget."

Hearing the last sentence, Violet's eyes lit up.

So Michael really hadn't forgotten her.

He said he couldn't forget her because he had feelings for her?

A huge surprise overwhelmed Violet. She could hardly believe that the person Michael truly liked was herself.

Suppressing her emotions, she trembled as she confessed to Michael once again.

"Michael, please give me another chance. I will prove to you that we are the most compatible pair. No one can love you more than I do."

Michael's eyes flashed with a complex expression, and he asked in disbelief, "Are you telling the truth?"

"Yes!"

Violet excitedly grabbed his hand, not waiting for him to finish speaking, and eagerly expressed her determination.

"From the moment I first saw you, I fell deeply in love with you. Besides you, I could never look at another man in this lifetime. I know you and Ms. Taylor have to maintain a non-divorce relationship for unavoidable reasons, but I don't care."

"As long as I can be with you, I don't care about anything. Let's give it a try. You clearly have feelings for me too, right?"

As she said this, Violet couldn't help but recall the scene when she first returned to the country, and Michael threw her a birthday party.

At that time, he would protect her in front of others, thoughtfully drape his coat over her shoulders, and even shield her from drinks she didn't want.

Even when Isabella came over, he stood by her side.

As a result, she completely indulged in his protection, and everything about the Taylor Family improved because of his presence.

How could she not be captivated by Michael's gentle affection?

###chapter 236 Successfully Getting Him

"Love?"

Michael curled his lips, finding it highly ironic to hear this word from Violet.

But on the surface, he masked it well, "Alright, since you're so sincere, then love me well in the time we have left."

After all, the time left for Violet, no, for Bianca, was running out.

"Really?"

Violet looked at Michael in disbelief. He had actually accepted her confession and agreed to be in a relationship with her.

"That's great, Michael, I'm finally with you."

Violet was so excited that she lost herself. She opened her arms and threw herself onto Michael.

This time, Michael didn't push her away.

Instead, he loosely wrapped an arm around her and gently patted her shoulder. The expression on his face was more calm than affectionate.

But Violet didn't care.

She knew that Michael was not someone who could easily express his feelings through his expressions. The fact that he said these words was enough to show his intentions.

She felt like the happiest person in the world right now. If she could, she would freeze this moment forever.

But what Violet couldn't see was that Michael, who was holding her in his arms, had a slowly chilling emotion in his eyes, only a dark, gloomy emotion remained.

He would let her hold him just this once.

He had to find the flaw in Violet as quickly as possible and make her disappear from his sight completely, never to return to Evergreen City.

He was really fed up with the constant interference in his relationship with Isabella.

"Mr. Brown, I brought the light-flavored porridge you wanted."

Aaron, holding a takeout box, was stunned when he opened the office door and saw the scene before him.

Fortunately, he held onto the items tightly, preventing them from falling to the ground.

However, he seemed to have seen something he shouldn't have.

What on earth had happened!

Michael and Violet were hugging?

"Oh my God!"

Hearing Aaron burst into the office, Violet was so scared that she shrank into Michael's arms, her face pressed tightly against his chest.

Her voice was filled with fear, "Michael, what should we do? Someone saw us?"

This move not only revealed her scheming to Michael but also shocked Aaron, who was standing at the door.

Was Violet really scared?

She was clearly successful in her scheme!

Aaron had been by Michael's side for many years and knew that Michael only ever had superficial flings with those outside women, never any genuine feelings.

The only person Michael truly liked was his wife, Isabella.

But now, he had to acknowledge Violet, a new intern in the company, with such intimate physical contact, and Michael hadn't pushed her away.

This made Aaron wonder if Michael was serious.

What about Isabella? Would it really come to divorce?

Just as Aaron was in a dilemma, Michael's deep voice sounded in the room.

"Aaron!"

Aaron swallowed hard, walked over, and placed the porridge on the table, trying his best to avoid looking at anything he shouldn't.

"Mr. Brown, what are your orders?"

Michael patted the trembling Violet in his arms, reassuring her, then sat up straight, speaking seriously and sternly.

"From today on, you will be responsible for Violet's daily needs. Make sure she has the best."

Aaron's eyes flickered, but he quickly responded, "Yes, Mr. Brown!"

From Michael's attitude towards Violet, Aaron understood Michael's intentions.

What had Violet, an intern, done to deserve Michael's personal attention and the best quality of life? It meant that from now on, Violet's status had changed.

Michael had fallen for her.

Hearing this, Violet couldn't help but straighten her back, her eyes filled with pride and joy.

She had never dared to dream that this would come true.

Not only did Michael admit to liking her, but he also asked Aaron to arrange the best accommodation for her.

Michael truly belonged to her now.

Although she felt she deserved these things, she still had to show some modesty since they had just expressed their feelings.

"Michael, I actually have a place to stay. You don't need to spend so much on me."

She bit her lip, her face blushing, showing a delicate and shy demeanor of someone in love.

Michael raised an eyebrow, pulled her hand, and yanked Violet onto his lap. Violet was both surprised and delighted. Even with Aaron in the room, Michael held her so openly while talking to Aaron.

"No way! You're mine now. You don't need to work at the company anymore. As for your accommodation, if you don't let Aaron arrange it, I'll have to do it myself."

"You know how busy I am. Be good and let Aaron handle it. Besides, he's my assistant. With him around, everyone will know your status, won't they?"

Her status?

Violet's heart melted at Michael's domineering words.

She had no mind to think about any hidden meanings in his words.

The next second, Michael instructed Aaron, "Alright, that's it. Take Ms. Cooper home. I have work to do and can't accompany you. Rest early."

The latter part was directed at Violet.

After speaking, he got up to leave, showing no reluctance for the newly rekindled romance.

But Violet, who had just tasted sweetness, couldn't bear to part with Michael so soon. She held his hand, pleading for him to stay with her.

"Michael, we just got back together, and you're leaving me already? Can you really bear to do that?"

She was still lost in his sweet words, but he was leaving so quickly, making her feel uneasy.

"Of course, I don't want to leave you, but you saw what happened at the dessert shop today. The public opinion affects not just us but also the company's stock price and reputation. If I don't handle it, others will take advantage."

Violet bit her lip, knowing he was right, but still feeling aggrieved.

Michael had to find another excuse.

"Don't forget, my marriage with Isabella is still ongoing. If we're seen together now, it will affect not just the company but you as well. I'm doing this for your sake."

"Be good. I'll be with you in a few days. By then, you can have whatever you want."

At his last words, Violet couldn't help but recall their intimate moments at the lakeside villa.

Her face blushed.

Seeing Violet finally compromise, Michael gave Aaron a look, "Take Ms. Cooper away."

Violet reluctantly left the office.

As soon as the door closed, Michael's expression changed.

He got up, took his keys, went to the underground parking lot, and left through another exit, driving to Elysian Heights Estate.

###chapter 237 She Still Loves Him

This set of wedding house was specially prepared by Aiden when he and Isabella got married.

All the decorations and arrangements inside were set up according to Isabella's preferences.

Ever since she proposed to completely separate the child from him and move out, he never came back.

This house held too many memories of him and Isabella.

There were also a few sweet moments between them.

But ever since she decided to leave him, this house became a place of sorrow for him, every glance at it would involuntarily remind him of her.

Nolan's appearance, and the truth about Violet's identity, all these things weighed heavily on him.

But he never gave up the idea of wanting to win Isabella back.

She was his.

No one could take her away.

Even if someone did, he was confident he could win Isabella back.

As for Violet, he would soon be able to reveal her true identity.

Since she wanted to be with him so much, just a little bit of sweetness would be enough to follow the clues on her to find evidence that she was Bianca.

In the evening, Whispering Pines Estates.

Isabella was sitting on the swing on the balcony, lost in thought, when Cinda came over with a blanket and draped it over her.

"Ms. Taylor, it's getting chilly at night, you should go back inside."

Isabella nodded but didn't get up immediately. Instead, she touched her belly and asked, "Cinda, do you think when this child grows up, they will be curious about who their father is?"

Nolan's words today indeed reminded her that she could give the child 100% motherly love, but she couldn't replace Michael's love.

Maybe it was due to pregnancy hormones, but once she quieted down, she couldn't stop overthinking, especially at night.

She wondered what the child would look like when born, whether they would resemble her more or Michael more.

In the end, she couldn't help but think, if the child didn't have a father, would they feel wronged, would they be bullied at school.

Cinda sighed, unable to lie to Isabella.

"Children will naturally want to know who their father is when they grow up, it's an instinct that can't be stopped."

But thinking about Isabella having to raise this child alone in the future, she instinctively tried to comfort her.

"But, Ms. Taylor, you have so many family and friends who love and care for you. Even without a father, this child won't lack love, don't overthink it."

"Really?"

Isabella knew Cinda was trying to comfort her, but she herself had no better solution.

She sighed, "Cinda, I understand, but keeping these thoughts inside without saying them out loud feels suffocating. Saying them out loud makes me feel a bit better."

"I lost my mother when I was young, and my biological father quickly remarried Harper. If it weren't for my grandfather taking me in, I don't think I would have survived until now. So, I don't dare to tell my grandfather and uncles these things, afraid they would worry."

Her only friends were Nolan and Olivia.

But they had already been with her and taken on a lot of her emotions during this time, she didn't want to trouble them further.

Now, she only had Cinda by her side.

Maybe because Cinda was around the same age as Grace, she was more willing to share these deeply buried thoughts with her.

Even if she didn't get a response, she felt relaxed.

Cinda felt even more heartbroken for Isabella's situation, "Ms. Taylor, I may not be well-educated or experienced, but if you ever need someone to talk to, I'm always here for you."

"After all, some things don't need a definite answer, just saying them out loud makes it a lot better."

Hearing Cinda's words, Isabella nodded in agreement.

"Thank you, Cinda! Thank you for being by my side during this time."

Cinda shook her head, feeling she was the lucky one to have such a good employer like Isabella.

"Ms. Taylor, have you not been resting well these past few days? Your complexion has worsened a lot. If this continues, the baby in your belly will feel your emotions."

"For the sake of the baby and yourself, you need to stay strong."

Isabella instinctively looked at her belly, "If I'm unhappy, can the baby really feel it?"

Cinda nodded seriously, "Yes, so no matter what happens, you need to put yourself first, taking care of your health is the most important."

Isabella silently lowered her head, "Okay, I understand."

She thought she had hidden it well. She didn't expect Cinda to see through it at a glance.

These past few days, she had been pretending to be unaffected, but in reality, she had trouble sleeping every night.

Whenever she closed her eyes, all she could see were images of Michael and Violet intimately embracing on the bed, unable to forget.

Especially with Violet's provocative look towards her.

The anger in her heart made her even more certain of one thing.

She only appeared to have let go, but in her heart, she never let go of her love for Michael.

She could disguise her exterior, but she couldn't deceive her heart.

She still loved him.

Knowing that she shouldn't feel this way, she couldn't find a way to completely erase Michael from the depths of her heart.

Cinda had also heard about Michael.

She felt sorry for Isabella's situation, so she was willing to say a few more words to make her see Michael's true nature.

"Ms. Taylor, if even your family can't stand Mr. Brown's character, then I think you should seriously consider whether this relationship is worth continuing."

Cinda spoke sincerely.

If Isabella chose to reconcile with Michael for the sake of the child, what would happen to her life?

A man as unfaithful as Michael, with power in his hands, would he give up everything for Isabella and focus on the family?

Clearly, today's news had already shown Michael's attitude.

Was it really worth letting a man like Michael, who was unfaithful and had no limits, affect her future?

Cinda's words kept echoing in Isabella's ears.

Was Michael really worth trusting again?

After late autumn, the weather gradually turned cold.

The cold winter was approaching.

That day, Violet used the excuse of delivering documents to Michael to stay in his office all day.

The people in the secretary's office couldn't stand it, and Aaron personally handled it.

Aaron was actually very reluctant to do these trivial tasks for Violet, but Michael had personally ordered it, saying everything should be arranged in the best way for Violet.

Even if he had complaints, he didn't dare to voice them.

And Violet wasn't as simple as she appeared. Michael had told her she didn't need to come back to work, but she insisted on staying in the secretary's office, claiming she liked the job.

Even if it meant being an intern, she was willing.

But the trouble she caused still ended up being Aaron's responsibility to resolve.

###chapter 238 Clingy Michael

Since Michael privately admitted their relationship, Violet had become increasingly brazen at the company.

Not only did she come and go freely in the CEO's office, but she also orderrf Aaron around without any courtesy.

This went on for several days.

Aaron had long been fed up with her.

But Michael, for some reason, was particularly attentive to her, even putting aside important documents just to chat with her.

Aaron couldn't understand what it was about Violet that fascinated Michael so much. In terms of looks and temperament, Isabella was clearly superior.

Yet these two seemed like a couple in the throes of a passionate romance, always wanting to be together.

Even Aaron couldn't help but feel a sense of injustice for Isabella.

Michael really was such a jerk!

In the afternoon, Violet received a phone call and then swayed her way over to Michael, acting coy. "Michael, can I leave a bit early today?"

Violet's soft and sweet tone made Michael, who was working, pause.

He looked up and asked, "Where are you going?"

His tone was indifferent, but it carried a hint of concern.

Violet loved the way he worried about her. She boldly stepped forward, wrapped her arms around his, and pressed her body against him.

"I just want to get some fresh air and do some shopping with friends. I'll be back soon."

Michael's gaze fell on the arm Violet was holding, and his eyes darkened, but his tone carried a hint of jealousy.

"Didn't you say you were bored and wanted me to keep you company? Now you're leaving me here alone. Can you bear it?"

Michael's plea struck a chord in Violet's heart, making her want to comply with him.

After all, he was Michael.

The Michael she had secretly loved for over a decade but never had for a single day.

Now, he was hers.

This wonderful feeling gave Violet a strong sense of unreality.

Because whether it was the current "Violet" or the former "Bianca," being with Michael was a first.

She never expected that Michael in love would be such a contrasting man. Ever since he revealed her identity to Aaron that day, they hadn't been apart much at the company.

Even when she left work in the evening, Michael would have his bodyguards follow her and stand guard at her door.

Her life was now filled with his presence.

But there was one downside: ever since they started dating, she no longer had any personal space. Everywhere she went, Michael's people were there to protect her.

But today, she had to go out.

On the fifteenth of every month, she had to go to a certain place.

And this place couldn't be known by anyone, especially Michael.

But Michael's love was too overbearing, and she was starting to feel suffocated by his control.

Even so, she couldn't bear to push Michael away.

"Michael, I know you can't bear to be apart from me for even a minute, and I can't bear to be apart from you either, but I really want to get some fresh air."

Violet spoke with a tone of grievance and pity, afraid that Michael would refuse her again.

She didn't have much time and couldn't afford any more delays.

But Michael's next words caught her off guard, "In that case, I'll go with you wherever you want to go. We don't have to be apart."

Michael's eyes narrowed, and his tone was firm.

Violet's heart skipped a beat when she heard this.

The place she needed to go couldn't be discovered by Michael. If he went, her secret would be exposed.

Violet forced down her panic and casually found an excuse to leave Michael behind.

"If I take you away, what will happen to the company? If someone sees us, they'll call me a bitch who seduced you. Michael, you don't want me to be called names, do you?"

She deliberately exaggerated the seriousness of the situation, hoping Michael would let her go.

Michael's eyes narrowed, and his tone darkened, "When did the company have such unruly employees? Find them, and I'll deal with them."

Seeing that Michael seemed angry, Violet panicked.

She had never seen Michael stand up for her like this, and it warmed and satisfied her heart. But thinking about the place she needed to go, she gently patted Michael's back, hoping her weakness and obedience would earn his consent.

"No one is bullying me. I'm just afraid my actions will bring you bad influence."

Violet leaned against his chair, acting coy and obedient, but inside she was anxious.

She had already received a notification that if she didn't go today, she would face the consequences.

She couldn't delay any longer.

Michael held her hand, looking deeply affectionate.

"As long as you're by my side, I don't care about any influence. Didn't you say you would love me well? How come now you're putting your friends above me?"

"Of course, you're more important!"

Violet blurted out.

But as soon as she said it, she realized Michael had led her back to the starting point.

He still didn't want her to leave.

She suddenly felt a deep sense of powerlessness.

She did like Michael, but she liked his private domineering side, his wealth, not his clingy nature, which was so different from what she had imagined.

"Michael, even though we're in a relationship, we both need a little personal space. Otherwise, how can we create romance and surprises?"

"My friends are already urging me. You don't want me to lose face, do you? Please let me go out, just for a while. I promise I'll be back soon."

Violet said, shaking his arm and acting coy.

Michael could see how anxious Violet was, and he did it on purpose.

Seeing her biting her lip in anxiety, he still asked with a worried tone, "Do you really want to go out that much?"

"Yes, yes."

Violet nodded pitifully.

Michael asked again, "Do you promise to be back soon?"

He glanced at the time on his watch, "It's already 2 PM. I want to see you back by 5 PM."

This feeling of being watched all the time was sweet yet suffocating, but it was all her own choice. To leave quickly, she had to bear it.

"Okay, I promise you, I'll be back by 5 PM to keep you company, alright?"

That should be enough time.

After reluctantly parting with Michael, Violet quickly ran outside.

This time, she left the company without Michael's bodyguards following her.

She hailed a cab, gave the address, and quickly left.

But what Violet didn't know was that the moment she left in the cab, an inconspicuous black car started following her.

Twenty minutes later, the cab stopped outside a beauty salon.

At the same time, Michael, sitting in his office, received a phone call, "Mr. Brown, Ms. Cooper has entered a beauty salon. Should we follow her in?"

###chapter 239 Discovering Harper

Michael squinted his eyes on the phone and then chuckled softly, "Who gave you the guts? Did I tell you to follow her?"

Hearing Michael's laughter, Aaron knew he had made the right move.

However, he didn't dare to challenge Michael's authority in front of him.

"It was my own idea, Mr. Brown. I want to discuss something with you. If I find anything, can I get a month's vacation? I want to travel abroad and relax."

"One week, take it or leave it."

"I'll take it, one week is fine." Aaron didn't mind; a week off was better than nothing.

"Investigate the background of this beauty salon and have a few people keep an eye on it from a distance. Don't let anyone notice."

"Understood!"

The call ended, and Aaron finally let out a long breath of relief.

These past few days, serving around Violet had been suffocating for him.

Since Michael took over the company, Aaron had been by his side, handling many of Michael's affairs as his personal assistant.

After years of working together, he had a certain understanding of Michael's personality and way of handling things.

Aaron had seen what Michael was like when he truly liked someone.

He wouldn't act so flamboyantly, nor would he show possessiveness and jealousy in front of others.

But with Violet, Michael exhibited all these traits.

It was so out of character for him that Aaron couldn't help but be suspicious.

Especially since Michael specifically had him arrange Violet's accommodation and even sent his bodyguards to watch over her constantly.

To Violet, these might seem like acts of love, but to outsiders, it looked more like surveillance.

And Michael's recent order confirmed Aaron's suspicions once again.

He was sure that Violet had a big secret, one that Michael had to guard against.

If he didn't know Michael's personality well enough, Aaron might not have been able to know his true intention.

Michael was really good at pretending.

Even though he didn't like Violet, he could still say those sweet words without changing his expression, almost fooling Aaron.

Soon, Michael received the latest information from Aaron.

Glamour Oasis, the place Violet had entered.

From the surface information, it was a private beauty salon that had only been open for a few months, not very large, and located in a remote area.

Violet was someone who cherished her beauty, so meeting friends at such a place was normal.

But the problem was, why would someone like Violet, who had just returned from abroad and cared so much about her appearance, choose an obscure and remote beauty salon?

Although he didn't understand the specifics, based on his years of experience, even the most inconspicuous beauty salon in Evergreen City was far better than this one.

The minimum registered capital was in the millions of dollars.

But the one Violet went to was so ordinary that no one would even want to go in.

Sure enough, at the bottom of the information, Michael found something unusual.

This salon had a big problem.

Glamour Oasis was a newly opened, unknown beauty salon, yet its monthly revenue was in the millions of dollars, and almost everyone who went there had a membership card worth tens of thousands of dollars.

Michael squinted his eyes, focusing on the list of members.

Violet's name was at the top.

In just a few months, she had spent two million dollars there, and that was just on the surface. Who knew what was happening behind the scenes?

It would be strange if there were no problems with this place.

Thinking of Violet being there, Michael suppressed the urge to go and investigate, waiting for more information from Aaron.

Inside the Whispering Pines Estates villa, Isabella sat on the sofa, eating the fruit platter prepared by Cinda, and watched TV to pass the time.

Just then, a call came in.

"There's a lead on Harper!"

"What?"

Isabella sat up immediately, her expression becoming serious, "Where is she?"

Since Harper had disappeared from the hospital without a trace, Isabella had tried everything but couldn't find any clues.

Now that Harper had suddenly reappeared, how could she not be shocked?

"So anxious, I thought you'd be curious about how I found the lead first."

The man's deep voice had a hint of teasing.

It sounded like he was trying to lighten the mood at a critical moment.

"Shadow, you should know that I'm desperate to know about Harper right now. Stop being so mysterious."

She had met Shadow during an accidental event, and Shadow wasn't his real name but his code name during missions.

They had become friends during that event.

Isabella had never seen his true face and, like others, contacted him by phone.

Shadow was best at tracking, using various subtle clues to find the person his employer was looking for, a unique skill of his.

His speed and accuracy were as high as 99%, rarely failing.

This skill had made him the second-highest-paid mercenary online.

The first was an assassin with a peculiar personality who only took on jobs that interested him.

This time, Isabella didn't command Shadow as an employer but asked him as a friend to help find Harper.

She hadn't wanted to disturb him, but after so long, neither her people nor Michael's could find any trace of Harper.

She had no choice but to turn to Shadow.

And Shadow's ability didn't disappoint her; he found Harper's whereabouts in just a few days.

This alone surpassed all the bodyguards of the Wilson Family and the Brown Family.

"Isabella, don't be mad. I was just trying to lighten the mood. Otherwise, how can you feel better if you're always so tense?"

Shadow's voice had a soothing and teasing tone, which did lift Isabella's spirits a bit.

She hadn't been in a good mood lately.

The hormonal changes during pregnancy and the recent overwhelming events had been weighing on her, though she tried not to show it.

"I'm too anxious. Don't mind me."

They were friends, and she shouldn't have questioned Shadow in that tone.

But there was no need to mention her pregnancy.

"I never mind such trivial things. Knowing you're anxious, I've investigated everything."

Switching to a serious tone, Shadow continued, "According to my findings, Harper is currently hiding in a beauty salon called Glamour Oasis. However, there's something strange about this place."

Shadow had taken on many tasks over the years, and for him to call something strange, it must be unusual.

"Strange? Why?"

Shadow deliberately left it unfinished, "I've compiled the information on this place and will send it to you. I believe you'll find it more interesting to see for yourself."

Before Isabella could say anything else, a message popped up on her phone.

It was the information from Shadow.

###chapter 240 Surveillance

Isabella had absolute trust in Shadow's abilities.

Shadow never left any loose ends, always clean and efficient, but his personality and temper could be somewhat unpredictable.

His thoughts often jumped quickly.

Since he asked her to check it out for herself, there must be something he didn't want to say and wanted her to investigate personally.

"Got the information. Anything else?"

Just as Isabella was about to hang up the phone, she heard Shadow suddenly reply seriously, "Yes!"

Isabella was taken aback. Shadow usually rushed to hang up. What was going on today?

He always had something to say but never said it directly, always waiting for her to ask.

"What else?"

Shadow chuckled softly on the other end, "Isabella, we've been old friends for a while now. Aren't you curious about what I look like?"

Isabella blinked, making sure she hadn't misheard.

"Are you saying I should meet each other?"

"That's right, just the two of us!"

Shadow's tone was very certain, but Isabella's side clearly had a hint of reluctance.

"Isabella, you don't want to meet me?"

"No." Isabella answered very decisively.

She considered Shadow a friend and trusted him deeply, but they were only suitable for online contact. Meeting in person would make her feel awkward.

After all, in their circle, it was an unspoken rule not to easily reveal one's true face.

If they really met in person, she wouldn't know how to face Shadow as a friend.

"Isabella, you..." Hearing such a heartless reply, Shadow took a breath in grievance, "I thought we would be the most in sync, the most tacit, the most like-minded partners. I didn't expect you to refuse to meet me. I'm really sad."

On the other end of the phone, Shadow, a top tracker, was crying loudly while holding the phone.

Isabella couldn't help but twitch the corner of her mouth, pressed her brow, and sighed.

"Drop your act. I'm not meeting you for your safety. Your identity is special. What if someone targets you, do you still want your life?"

"You say so much, but it's just an excuse not to meet me!"

Shadow's attitude was bad, but when Isabella wanted to explain further, he forgave her in advance.

"Alright, alright, I know you're doing it for my good, but I don't want to hear your excuses anymore. That's it, hanging up."

After hanging up the phone, Isabella was still shocked by Shadow's request to meet her in person.

When it came to thrilling things, she had tried everything, from mountain racing to betting millions of dollars in a single game, but meeting a mysterious person she had never met but was familiar with was something she didn't dare to risk.

Shadow's identity was too special. The more people who knew his true identity, the more dangerous it was.

Moreover, she had never thought of meeting Shadow, whom she had known online for years. The feeling was too strange, and she couldn't accept it.

After calming down, Isabella opened the data information sent by Shadow.

According to the time shown, Harper was transferred to a beauty salon called Glamour Oasis shortly after disappearing from the hospital.

This shop had just opened recently and was decorated very ordinarily.

From the outside, it looked like a place only suitable for locals to pass the time.

Even Harper herself probably never had beauty treatments in such a small place.

However, small-scale beauty salons had an advantage that others didn't: as long as you paid enough, they could absolutely help hide someone's identity and keep them hidden.

Harper hiding here was indeed not easy to find.

Trusting Shadow's abilities, Isabella immediately called her subordinate Jesse and instructed him to transfer all personnel searching for Harper to investigate Glamour Oasis.

After giving these instructions, Isabella specifically added, "Remember, this matter must not be told to anyone, including the Wilson Family and the Brown Family."

Jesse replied instantly, "Yes, Ms. Taylor!"

Daniel's condition had just improved, and her uncles were exceptionally concerned about her pregnancy. If they knew she was secretly investigating Harper and losing sleep over it, they would probably take her back to the Wilson Family immediately and have someone watch her to ensure she rested properly.

As for Michael, with Violet by his side, it was better not to let him know about Harper's whereabouts.

After all, even she wasn't sure if Violet and Bianca were the same person.

To catch Harper quickly, acting quietly was the best plan.

But what Isabella didn't know was that Michael's people had surrounded Glamour Oasis even faster than hers, disguised as ordinary people watching every move inside.

Two teams were monitoring the beauty salon simultaneously.

At this moment, a man dressed in black and wearing a hat quietly left through the back door.

Inside the beauty salon, Violet was lying on a bed, enjoying a high-end beauty device doing a hydrating treatment on her face, feeling completely relaxed.

The feeling of not being controlled was so liberating.

She liked Michael, no doubt, but his love was suffocating. She had felt stifled these past few days.

Finally getting a chance to relax, she didn't want to go back to the company at all.

She was thinking about finding an excuse to delay her return.

But thinking about Michael's frantic and domineering behavior when he couldn't find her made her heart tremble.

She loved Michael too much!

No matter what he was like, she liked him.

The only downside was that Michael hadn't been intimate with her yet. They had confirmed their relationship, but he hadn't even touched her.

In the next couple of days, even if she had to seduce Michael, she would make him hers.

While Violet was lost in her thoughts, a phone call interrupted her daydream.

She had a mask on her face and didn't want to open her eyes, so she pressed the answer button directly and asked, "Hello? Who is it?"

A low, hoarse voice, processed to be unrecognizable, came from the other end, "It's me."

Violet snorted, pressing her fingers on the mask, "Of course, I know it's you. You usually complain that I contact you too often. So, what's up today? You have time to call me?"

Usually, when she called, the person on the other end was always impatient.

What was going on today?

"Violet, the moment I called you, you should have guessed that you've caused big trouble!"

The man's voice was not only sarcastic but also sharp and angry.

Hearing this, Violet was stunned.

The first thing she thought of was the time she and Michael, without the man's permission, messed around in the master bedroom on the second floor.

Could it be that he found out?

Knowing she was in the wrong, Violet admitted her mistake, "Oh, come on, we just wander around your room without doing anything more. You can't be seriously mad about that, right?"

###chapter 241 Used as a Test Subject

But the man just sneered and replied in a deep voice, "Do you think I would contact you over such a trivial matter?"

Violet was a bit surprised, "Then what is it?"

She hadn't offended him in any other way.

And now that she and Michael had finally gotten together, he was genuinely good to her, even reluctant to let her go out alone.

This kind of life was something she never dared to dream of before.

Every minute she spent with Michael now was surrounded by happiness. She loved how he would get jealous and cling to her.

"Of course, it's because you let your guard down and led a bunch of people to the beauty salon. You better be careful, or if you get caught again, it's your own fault."

The call was quickly cut off, and Violet's face turned pale as she sat up in bed in a panic.

She ripped off the mask from her face, her eyes dark.

Who could the people be?

Could it be Michael!

When she intented to come here, he didn't want her to go out alone. Could it be that he agreed on the surface but had his bodyguards follow her secretly?

He could definitely do something like that.

If it was really him, Violet felt a mix of helplessness and anger.

But the anger was directed at herself.

From the moment she and Michael made their relationship clear, he had assigned some of his bodyguards to protect her, to prevent anyone from bullying her in his absence.

She was aware of and agreed to this.

She could only blame herself for being too impatient, thinking that no one was following her when she took the car out, thus exposing the location.

No matter the reason, Glamour Oasis was no longer safe.

Thinking of this, Violet quickly walked out and went to the beauty salon owner's office.

"Director, how is my mother doing?"

Violet asked urgently, pushing the door open directly. The director, sitting behind the computer, stood up politely to respond.

"Ms. Cooper, Ms. Clark is fine, you don't need to worry. If you're still concerned, after your treatment, I can arrange for you to meet her. How does that sound?"

Hearing that she could see Harper, Violet felt relieved.

"That's great, thank you."

"You're welcome. Harper's injuries have mostly healed, and she no longer needs constant supervision."

"Okay." Violet nodded, then shifted her attention to herself, "I almost forgot, I have another question. Do you have a way to make my face last longer? Coming in for a facial treatment once a month is too troublesome for me."

Michael had a keen eye, and she didn't want to expose her secret over such a small matter.

She wanted to take this opportunity to secure Michael.

Only by truly marrying into the Brown Family could she feel at ease.

Michael was currently infatuated with her. If he found out she was sneaking out once a month, he would definitely become suspicious.

She thought the director would find it difficult, but to her surprise, the director's eyes lit up at her suggestion.

"Ms. Cooper, you're in luck. We have good news for you. We have developed a new molecular technology for your face. Just one injection can last six to seven months, or even longer."

"Really?"

Hearing this good news, Violet's eyes lit up.

It was as if even God was helping her get everything she wanted.

"But..." The director hesitated before continuing, "This technology is still in clinical trials. You know our researchers have only tested it on animals. As for humans, we haven't tried it yet, and we can't guarantee there won't be any side effects."

They had only obtained this data, but whether it could be widely used was still unknown.

Violet frowned. She urgently needed this and waved her hand dismissively, "Then find someone to test it as soon as possible. I don't want to wait too long."

The director nodded, "Of course, you are our priority. I want to ask you, Ms. Cooper, if the experimental data reaches a level suitable for human simulation, would you be willing to be the first to test it on your face?"

Injecting substances to alter facial features was prohibited both domestically and internationally. Violet had undergone the safest first phase.

But for the second phase, even the director couldn't guarantee what might happen.

However, someone had to be the test subject, and Violet, who had already undergone the first treatment, was the most suitable.

This was just a probe. If Violet was unwilling, the director couldn't force her.

After all, the person behind Violet was her real boss.

"What did you say?" Violet's expression changed instantly, "You want me to be your test subject? Are you out of your mind?"

"You better know your place. How did you open this place, and how did you get your research results?"

Violet pointed to her face and sneered, "This face was guaranteed to me by him, and you are just here to serve me, understand?"

"Do you believe that if I tell him what you just said, how he will punish you, hmm?"

Violet's last sentence was like a thunderclap in the director's ear, making her face turn pale.

The director instinctively lowered her head and apologized, "I'm sorry, Ms. Cooper, I shouldn't have mentioned that."

Violet curled her lips, "You don't need to say anything to me. Just arrange what I want. When I see him, I'll put in a good word for you. But if you dare to have such thoughts again, don't blame me for being ruthless."

Violet's tone was light, but the threat in her words was clear.

She dared to mess with her face? She must have a death wish!

"I understand."

The director shook her head in fear and quickly walked out to show her stance, "Ms. Cooper, I'll go get Ms. Clark right away."

Watching the director's panicked departure, Violet's lips curled into a cold smile.

Her eyes were filled with a murderous aura.

She had survived in a place like Auroria not just by being obedient, but also by having a heart more ruthless and decisive than ordinary people.

She had been indulging in the blissful time of her romance with Michael, but that didn't mean she could tolerate anyone challenging her bottom line.

A team working for her dared to target her, how bold.

She narrowed her eyes. It seemed it was time to remind that person of a few things.

Just then, the door to the director's office was pushed open.

A familiar figure walked in. Seeing Violet, she showed no sign of unfamiliarity and immediately opened her arms for a hug.

"My Bianca, I missed you so much."

###chapter 242 She Can't Keep This Child

Harper was wearing a haute couture coat, with a string of bright pearls around her neck, looking radiant and exuding the aura of a wealthy lady.

Violet could tell at a glance that Harper hadn't suffered much during her time hiding in the beauty salon.

She felt a sense of relief.

Seeing this, the director closed the door, leaving the office to the two of them.

"Let me see, have you lost weight recently? I can't go out, and I worry about you every day."

Harper looked at Bianca with tears of concern in her eyes.

This made Violet's eyes redden as well.

Violet held her hand and talked about the recent situation, "Mom, I'm fine, and I have good news to tell you this time. Michael and I are together."

Speaking of this, Violet's face blushed a little.

She didn't want it to be this way, but Michael had been clinging to her recently. Just mentioning him made her heart race and her face flush.

"You mean Michael, you two have reconciled?"

Harper frowned. Violet might forget, but as her mother, she couldn't easily forget what Michael had done to Bianca.

Michael was a man who could send her to Auroria without caring about her life or death. Could he really be trusted again?

Could it be another trap?

Violet sensed Harper's doubts and coquettishly held her hand, "Mom, you're overthinking. Michael is different now. He has changed a lot, and he admitted that the person he likes is me."

"Really?"

Harper's eyes lit up upon hearing this.

If Michael really married Bianca into the Brown Family, wouldn't she be able to live a life of luxury and wealth?

She wouldn't have to live a hidden life anymore.

"Of course it's true." Violet said coquettishly, "Mom, I haven't come to see you recently because Michael can't be away from me for a moment, clinging to me. And I have to think about our future. I can't always leave you here, can I?"

"He doesn't know I'm Bianca yet; he only thinks I'm Violet, so you don't have to worry about him discovering my identity."

"My sweetheart is so smart, knowing how to handle Michael's heart." Harper was excited and tightly held Bianca's hand.

"Bianca, I saw news about you and Michael online a few days ago. This time, you must not miss the opportunity to enter the Brown Family. While Michael is infatuated with you, try to get pregnant with his child. That way, you'll be Mrs. Brown for sure."

Harper couldn't wait to leave here and embrace the enormous wealth.

But this statement inadvertently touched Violet's dilemma.

"Mom, I understand what you're thinking, but the Brown Family already has a child. Isabella got pregnant two months ago. How can I catch up with her?"

Thinking about the countless intimate moments Isabella had with Michael while she was away made her gnash her teeth in hatred.

And Isabella's status was prominent. She not only had a prestigious grandfather, Daniel, but also five uncles who doted on her. Each one of them was a notable figure.

Even if she had the guts, she couldn't get close to Isabella.

Mentioning Isabella's name, Harper snorted, "What's so great about being pregnant? Could she even give birth to that baby?"

Harper never took Isabella seriously. In her eyes, the one who held the man's heart and had the child was the true winner.

Just like herself, when Indigo was infatuated with her, he didn't even look at Isabella, treating Bianca like a treasure.

Moreover, she had experience and knew how fragile pregnant women could be. With the right methods, there were countless ways to cause a miscarriage.

"Considering the time, she's not even three months pregnant. With a little effort, she won't be able to keep the baby." Harper's eyes gleamed with pride.

If Isabella lost the baby, she wouldn't be able to handle it.

Then, if Bianca got pregnant, Isabella might end up like her mother, Grace, and die of anger!

"Will this work?"

Violet wasn't doubting Harper's methods; she was worried about Isabella's uncles. If they found out, she couldn't imagine the consequences.

"Why wouldn't it work? You've been too soft-hearted all these years. Otherwise, you would have been Mrs. Brown long ago."

Harper answered confidently, "What you need to do now is keep Michael's heart and get pregnant as soon as possible. Leave that bitch Isabella and her baby to me. That bastard won't affect our wealth and glory."

After saying this, Harper patted Violet's hand reassuringly, "Be good. Now, do everything you can to spend more time with Michael and try to get pregnant soon."

In these wealthy families, children were the most important. Children were their lifeline.

Having a child meant having leverage over them.

But no matter how anxious Violet was, she couldn't do anything about Michael.

Recently, she had been tied to Michael every day, unable to leave his sight at the company. But as soon as work ended, he would rush to the Brown Villa, saying it was Aiden's orders.

She slept alone in a big bed every night. She couldn't even touch Michael, let alone get pregnant.

With Aaron, the special assistant, in the middle at the company, she couldn't make any moves.

So now, the way getting Michael into bed was a real problem.

"Mom, I understand what you're saying, but..."

Violet wanted to tell Harper about her current difficulties, but Harper spoke first.

"Bianca, I believe in you. As long as Michael's heart is with you, getting pregnant is just a matter of time, sooner or later."

"But the bastard in Isabella's belly is a problem, and I can't go out openly yet. How about you lend me some people from this beauty salon?"

After living here for nearly a month, Harper had already noticed Violet's status here.

These people were always respectful to her, fearing that Violet would make things difficult for them.

Since these people listened to Violet, it wouldn't be any different for her to exercise some authority. After all, she was Violet's mother.

"Mom, just tell the director here whatever you need. She'll figure it out."

Violet thought, maybe Harper had a way with these things.

If she could really get rid of the bastard in Isabella's belly, she would have no more worries.

Although she wanted to spend more time with Harper, seeing that time was running out, Violet bit her lip and had to prepare to leave.

"Mom, Michael is still waiting for me to go back. I can't stay with you for any longer."

###chapter 243 Renee

Violet hurriedly checked the time and rushed back to the company.

Afterwards, Aaron, who was hiding by the roadside, got out of the car. He straightened his suit and leisurely walked into the store.

The receptionist was very alert. Seeing Aaron in a suit and looking handsome, she quickly came over to greet him.

"Hello, sir. Are you here to see someone or to get a beauty treatment yourself?"

Although this place was remote and a small business, the customers who came here were very generous. A single visit could cover the receptionist's annual salary.

Therefore, every time the receptionist saw a new customer, she would try her best to attract them.

The goal was not only the high commission but also the generous tips from the customers.

"Can men get beauty treatments too? How do you do it? Do they just lie there and let you do whatever you want?"

Aaron looked as if he didn't understand the situation, but the innocence and curiosity in his eyes made people's hearts race and faces blush.

The receptionist had encountered such teasing before.

But facing the handsome Aaron, she felt something indescribable.

He didn't seem to be deliberately making fun of her; he genuinely seemed not to understand.

She straightened her expression, "Sir, please don't joke around. If you're not here for a beauty treatment, please wait in the waiting area so as not to disturb other customers."

Blushing, the receptionist pointed to a nearby area.

Aaron looked in the direction she pointed. It was near the floor-to-ceiling windows, with two rows of white sofas and a small coffee table with some snacks and fruits on it.

But he wasn't here for leisure; he was here to investigate the internal situation of this store.

He turned his head and said straightforwardly, "I'm not waiting for anyone. I'm here to spend money."

Aaron propped one hand on the counter, resting his chin on the other, flipping through the technician roster while inquiring with the receptionist.

"Who has the best skills here? Can you recommend someone?"

Blushing, the receptionist pointed to the photos of the first few technicians, "These are the best in our store. If you want to experience it, any of them would be suitable."

Aaron looked at the names but didn't find the person he was looking for, so he shook his head.

Suddenly, he noticed the receptionist's face getting redder and had an idea, "How about you? You can give me a beauty treatment, and I'll pay the highest price."

"Sir, please don't joke. I'm just a receptionist and don't know how to do these things. Besides, we have a rule; without a technical certificate, we can't do the beauty treatment."

The receptionist hurriedly explained to Aaron, scared.

She did want to earn more money but not at the cost of her job.

Aaron pretended to be troubled and teased the receptionist with his eyes, "What should I do then? I don't like anyone here except you. I have plenty of money, but if I'm not satisfied, I won't spend a dime."

The receptionist's face turned even redder, her eyes falling on the names Aaron pointed to, looking more troubled than him.

"Sir, these are the best beauty technicians in our store. If you don't like any of them, I'm afraid you'll have to see our director."

"Alright!" Aaron clapped his hands, "Then let your director personally do it. I don't care about the price."

The receptionist looked at Aaron secretly.

Fortunately, Aaron, who usually followed Michael to various events, always had a few sets of branded suits. Today's gray suit made him look even more upright.

His speech and behavior, influenced by Michael, had a touch of nobility.

The receptionist assumed he was a rich young master.

So she nodded and said, "Please follow me to the lounge and wait. I'll get our director."

Entering the lounge, Aaron immediately looked around. Not finding any electronic equipment, he relaxed and sent a message to Michael on his phone.

Aaron: [I've entered, no issues found so far.]

Since he was pretending to be a rich young master, Aaron dropped his usual strict demeanor, loosened his tie, unbuttoned the top two buttons, and lazily sat on the VIP chair.

The director, hearing someone specifically requested her, was curious and surprised.

She usually handled the beauty salon's affairs and had research to focus on, so her name wasn't on the technician list.

Aaron specifically sought her out. Could he be a big client?

In the lounge, Aaron held a cigarette between his fingers, slowly exhaling smoke with his legs crossed.

He was enveloped in smoke.

When the door opened, a woman suddenly entered his sight, and Aaron was stunned.

Indeed, there were no unattractive people in the beauty industry.

The woman standing before him had a tall figure, smooth and glowing skin, and perfectly proportioned features. Her face showed no signs of surgery.

One could say, just by standing at the door, she was a living advertisement.

Facing Aaron's scrutinizing gaze, the woman didn't show any signs of anger but instead gave a formal smile.

"Sir, I'm the director of this beauty salon. You can tell me any needs you have."

Aaron raised an eyebrow, "My name is Aaron Hill. May I ask your name?"

"Mr. Hill, nice to meet you. I'm Renee Faith!"

Renee?

A glint flashed in Aaron's eyes.

It was her!

Just a while ago in the car, he had gone through all the information about this beauty salon, including the director, Renee.

Renee, 28 years old, a postdoctoral medical graduate who studied abroad, came from a family of doctors, and was sought after by various universities abroad at a young age.

Seeing this information, Aaron subconsciously thought this beauty salon was just a plaything for a wealthy family with resources.

But seeing Renee now, he had a different view.

A capable and elegant woman like Renee wouldn't waste her energy on something just for fun.

Seeing Aaron silent, Renee continued, "Mr. Hill, are you here for a beauty treatment? Do you need me to explain the process and packages? Or should I take you to experience it while explaining..."

"Wait!" Before Renee could finish, Aaron interrupted, "No rush. I'm very concerned about personal privacy. Your place looks small; I hope you don't have any shady ways of making money."

"I don't want to come in and have all my information secretly uploaded online for entertainment."

Hearing Aaron mention privacy, Renee smiled and explained, "Mr. Hill, you don't need to worry. Our store guarantees customer privacy."

"Moreover, customer information is only in our internal system, so the situation you mentioned won't happen."

###chapter 244 Not for Money or Lust

"Really?" Aaron raised an eyebrow and gestured inside the room with his eyes. "What about here? No surveillance or recording devices, right?"

"No, the security in all the lounges is extremely strict. There are no electronic devices, and the room is equipped with soundproofing facilities," Renee explained seriously.

She meant to convey that even if they discussed privacy or business secrets here, no one else would hear.

But this point gave Aaron an opportunity.

"Oh?" He touched his chin, his squinted eyes falling on Renee. "So, if I wanted to do something here, it would be quite secretive, wouldn't it?"

Hearing this, Renee's brows furrowed, and her guarded gaze fell on Aaron.

She quickly calmed down and said, "Of course, whether you're here to discuss matters or negotiate cooperation, it's safe. We also have various security measures in place, and you can contact the security outside with just one button."

"After all, we are in the beauty business, and most of our clients are women. If there's an emergency, the client's safety is our top priority."

Her words gave Aaron the proper respect while also warning him not to have any improper thoughts.

Otherwise, she could call for help at any time.

Renee was smarter than Aaron had imagined.

But Aaron wasn't here just to go through the motions. He needed useful information to report back to Michael.

"Hearing you say that makes me feel even more at ease. After all, I'm a client too, aren't I?"

Aaron's tone was unusually calm, and his expression didn't change at all. Just as Renee breathed a sigh of relief, a large hand suddenly reached out in front of her.

In an instant, she was pinned to the sofa, her hands twisted behind her back, and she lost the ability to resist.

Aaron's strength far exceeded hers. The emergency button was right in front of her, but she couldn't move.

Even if she screamed for help, no one would hear.

The soundproofing that benefited the clients also blocked her cries for help.

"Tell me what you want, just don't hurt me!"

Renee wasn't a woman who hadn't seen the world. She knew Aaron had a purpose, whether it was money or something else.

As long as she handled it calmly, she could avoid being hurt or worse.

"Let me go. We can talk about money or anything else. I can give you enough money and won't call the police."

Renee was good at reading people. If Aaron were a real criminal, he might have let go of her for the money.

But Aaron wasn't here for money; he was investigating the secrets behind this beauty salon.

No matter how much money Renee offered, he wouldn't be swayed.

But teasing her at this moment was quite amusing.

"Enough money? How much can you give?" Aaron asked deliberately.

"Three hundred thousand dollars?" Renee bit her lip and tentatively offered a number.

Aaron, about her age, was dressed in designer clothes. Maybe he was just having a whim to do so.

She added another hundred thousand dollars, "Four hundred thousand dollars, no more."

Aaron couldn't help but laugh coldly. "Oh, come on, Ms. Faith. Do you think I've come this far to be bought off by a mere few hundred thousand dollars? Or do you think your life is only worth that much?"

Renee's heart sank, realizing she was dealing with someone formidable.

She stopped trying to solve the problem with money.

"If it's not money, what do you want? As long as you let me go, we can talk."

Renee's eyes were fixed on the button not far away. If Aaron let his guard down, she could press it immediately.

Then everyone in the beauty salon would hear the alarm.

She would be saved.

But Aaron seemed to have seen through her plan.

Before she could move, her hands were quickly tied to the sofa armrest with a warm tie.

With her hands bound, Renee lost her last chance to call for help.

Seeing Aaron's open collar, filthy images flashed through her mind, and her face turned pale.

Just as she was about to scream, a slender finger pressed against her pale lips.

"Ms. Faith, you'd better not to waste your energy. You know better than I do how good the soundproofing in this room is."

Facing Aaron's calm and steady eyes, Renee was momentarily stunned.

But a greater fear surged in her heart.

"Who the hell are you?"

He wasn't after money or her, yet he tied her up as soon as he came in.

What was he trying to find out?

Aaron's eyes flashed with a hint of admiration. "Ms. Faith, you're so smart. Why not guess who I am?"

Renee suppressed her nervousness, thinking about all the information she had gathered from him.

A suit worth a fortune, an extraordinary demeanor without a strong sense of aggression.

And he admitted his last name was Hill.

Renee's eyes lit up.

Facing Aaron's meaningful expression, she instinctively swallowed.

"It's said that the president of the Brown Group, Mr. Brown, has an assistant who has been with him for many years. He's meticulous, thorough, and impeccable in his conduct. And his last name is also Hill. Could it be you?"

Aaron merely smiled at Renee's deliberate flattery.

Having been by Michael's side for many years, he wasn't easily swayed by a compliment.

"Ms. Faith, you're quite sharp. I was just asking casually, and you guessed it right."

Aaron admitted his identity and continued.

"You don't need to be overly afraid. I'm not here for money or anything else. I just want to confirm some things with you. Answer my questions truthfully, and I'll let you go."

Hearing Aaron admit his identity and state his purpose, Renee breathed a sigh of relief.

Her face showed less tension but more caution. "Mr. Hill, if I don't answer truthfully, are you planning to kill me?"

"I've only been in Evergreen City for three months. If I die at the hands of the Brown Group, won't the news be all over the headlines the next day? The Brown Group, ruthless and threatening, will be in big trouble. What will happen to the Brown Group then?"

Aaron nodded cooperatively. "Since you're so curious about the impact of your death on the Brown Group, why not give it a try?"

With that, he took out a transparent bag from his pocket, containing two white pills.

###chapter 245 The Unreal Happiness

"Ms. Faith, I heard you're a top talent in the medical field, so this shouldn't be unfamiliar to you, right?"

Aaron placed the item in front of Renee without any hesitation, letting her personally verify its authenticity.

The pill was clearly visible through the transparent bag, right in front of Renee's eyes.

With years of medical theory and laboratory experience, Renee immediately recognized what it was and its harmful effects.

Etorphine. 

A synthetic ultra-strong sedative and painkiller, extremely toxic, and highly addictive.

An overdose or improper use could lead to death.

Renee's face instantly turned tense.

She never expected that Aaron, an assistant to the Brown Group, would carry such a dangerous item with him.

He was just an assistant working for Michael, yet he didn't care about the company or Michael at all, casually taking out such a poison.

Was he crazy?

Aaron didn't give Renee much time to think, his eyes casually sweeping over her pale face, and said unhurriedly, "Ms. Faith, have you made your decision?"

Renee's heart trembled violently, genuinely scared.

She asked in a trembling voice, "What do you want to know?"

Aaron raised an eyebrow, sighed, and casually put the pills back into his pocket, "Boring, I thought you could hold out a bit longer."

Renee bit her lower lip hard, waiting for Aaron's next words.

But he just curled his lips into a mischievous smile and teased her, "You see, if you had been obedient from the start, I wouldn't have had to take out such a thing to scare you. Isn't it better to be obedient?"

Aaron's tone carried a hint of indulgence, but his eyes turned sharp as he mercilessly extinguished the cigarette in the glass ashtray.

When he looked up again, his eyes were filled with a fierce intensity, "From now on, answer every question I ask seriously, understood? Do you know Violet?"

After the earlier intimidation, Renee didn't dare to hesitate any longer and nodded, "Yes, she is a big client at our store, coming in for beauty treatments every month."

Renee spoke earnestly but didn't reveal the whole truth.

"Really?" Aaron squinted his eyes, "Then, Ms. Faith, what kind of beauty treatments does she get? Does she change her face every month, or change her whole body?"

Renee suddenly looked up, meeting Aaron's eyes that seemed to hold a different meaning, and her heart trembled.

She quickly averted her gaze, "Ms. Cooper only gets regular treatments. As for what you're implying, I've never heard of it."

Aaron clicked his tongue, lit another cigarette, and gently blew a smoke ring towards Renee's beautiful face.

"Ms. Faith, I just praised you for being obedient, and now you're starting to be disobedient, aren't you?"

"I can get my hands on something like Etorphine, do you think I wouldn't have something even more stimulating, hmm?"

Aaron's last word had a slight upward inflection, but the threat in it was unmistakable.

Renee's face turned from white to green.

She knew she couldn't hide the truth any longer.

The Brown Group, office.

Violet pushed open the door and saw Michael sitting at his desk, reviewing a contract, but there was one person missing.

"Michael, isn't Aaron here?"

Usually, Aaron, the assistant, was almost always in the office, sticking close to Michael like a shadow.

She couldn't do anything in the office with him around.

She had hinted to Aaron more than once to leave the office, preferably not to appear in front of her and Michael unless necessary.

But Aaron just stood there like a log, no matter what she said or hinted, he wouldn't leave.

He stayed in the office every day, always ready for Michael's instructions and summons.

Over time, she gave up on the idea.

But today was different. She had just met with Harper, and her primary goal was to get intimate with Michael and get pregnant with his child.

With Aaron not around, it was the perfect opportunity to seduce Michael.

Thinking of this, Violet swallowed hard, and a surge of impulse rose in her heart as she looked at the handsome Michael in front of her.

But considering Michael's cold and abstinent personality, she didn't want to appear too experienced in front of him. Otherwise, if he realized she had sexual experience, he might think she was promiscuous.

At this moment, Michael glanced at Violet and then quickly returned his gaze to the document.

He answered her question in a low voice, "Aaron? He suddenly had something to attend to at home, and since there was nothing urgent at the company, I approved his leave."

Hearing this, Violet was even happier. For Aaron to take leave, it must be something urgent.

It was highly likely that Aaron wouldn't return today.

But just in case, she had been watched by Aaron for days and was really scared of him.

"Michael, did he say how long he would be on leave?"

Looking at the time, it was close to the end of the workday.

If Aaron took leave at this time, he probably wouldn't come back, right?

"At this hour, he wouldn't need to rush back to the company, would he?"

From the moment she entered, Violet's attention was entirely on Aaron, making it hard for Michael not to notice her intentions.

He quickly marked the key points on the document, signed his name, and then pushed the document aside, slowly raising his eyes.

"Besides, I intentionally let him leave early."

"Why?" Violet was slightly stunned.

Michael's eyes darkened, his tone carrying a hint of allure, "We've been together for almost half a month, haven't you always complained that Aaron was in the way? So I specifically let him leave so we could have some alone time."

Violet blushed and shyly said, "I never said he was in the way, Michael, don't make things up."

"Really?"

Michael leaned back slightly, his sharp eyes staring at Violet, "If you're not happy, should I call him back?"

He deliberately slowed down the last sentence, as if teasing or inviting, and Violet, already harboring such thoughts, couldn't hold back any longer.

"Don't call him back, I just want to spend time alone with you."

With Aaron not around, Violet didn't care that they were in the office. She immediately threw herself into Michael's arms, hugging his waist tightly.

Michael gently embraced her, seemingly holding her affectionately, but in reality, he kept a slight distance between them.

"Michael, I feel like I'm dreaming right now, so happy yet so unreal."

Violet nestled against his chest, feeling his warmth and heartbeat, and she felt like she was floating on clouds, almost overwhelmed with happiness.

"I'm right here with you, how could it be unreal?"

Michael's deep, magnetic voice sounded above Violet's head, his large hand gently patting her back, soothing her emotions.

In a place she couldn't see, the coldness and hostility in his eyes were well concealed.

###chapter 246 Seeing Through the Mind

"Really?"

Violet lifted her head from his embrace, looking into his eyes filled with tenderness and deep affection, feeling a warmth in her heart.

But the more she felt this way, the more she greedily wanted more.

She wanted him to belong completely to her, to love only her.

"Michael."

She pouted in his arms, her fingers restlessly touching the spot over his heart, "Have you ever said those words to another woman?"

Just thinking about him holding and comforting another woman with such patience made her heart feel like it was being pricked by needles, driving her mad with jealousy.

If she heard Isabella's name from Michael's mouth at this moment, she would really want to kill that bitch Isabella.

At this moment, Michael sighed softly, "What are you overthinking? My heart only belongs to you."

For him, coaxing a woman like Violet was no challenge at all.

These sweet words, no matter how many times he said them, he felt nothing.

And he didn't need to explain anything to Violet.

"Really, why don't I believe you?"

Violet's heart seemed to be bubbling with sweetness, but a woman's suspicion was not so easily dispelled. She blinked at Michael.

"Didn't you ever say that to Ms. Taylor? You were married for three years and she's even pregnant, who knows whether you said..."

Before Violet could finish her jealous question, a long, strong finger pressed against her lips.

"I didn't! Our marriage was just a formality, without love."

Isabella's name still stirred something in Michael, but he suppressed all his emotions.

With his status and current power, he naturally didn't need to explain anything to anyone, but the one person he wanted to explain to, Isabella, didn't want to pay any attention to him.

"Now, do you believe me?"

Michael lowered his gaze, his deep eyes staring straight at her, filled with deep affection and no other emotions.

Violet was completely captivated by his gaze. 

At this moment, she was not just Violet. She was also the Bianca buried deep inside, whose love and hope were completely awakened.

All her calmness and probing disappeared in an instant; she just wanted to be with Michael.

She didn't want to fight for anything else.

Seeing the change in Violet's eyes, Michael squinted slightly and patted her lightly, "It's time to get off work. You've been busy all day, aren't you tired? I'll take you home."

After saying that, he was about to get up without any hesitation.

"Don't go, Michael."

Violet hadn't yet recovered from their rare moment of intimacy, and Michael was already eager to leave. How could she bear it?

Moreover, she came today with the intention of making love to Michael.

How could she let him go?

"What's wrong?" Michael pretended not to understand, turning to look at her, "Don't you want to get off work? Do you like working that much?"

"No." Violet was almost desperate, grabbing Michael's hand. If he didn't take the initiative, she had to.

Otherwise, when would they ever progress to the final step?

"Michael, we've been together for half a month, right?"

"Yes." Michael nodded calmly but said nothing more.

Actually, he had seen through Violet's intentions from the moment she entered the office.

The last scene at the lakeside villa had made Isabella ignore him until now.

Now Violet was playing this little trick in front of him. If it weren't for the fact that she was still useful, he would have kicked her far away.

Violet bit her lower lip, seductively inviting Michael from below.

"Michael, in this half month, besides hugging me and holding my hand, we haven't even had the most basic kiss. Don't you think it's strange for a couple to be like this?"

"Could it be that you don't like me, that's why you're treating me this way?"

Violet looked at Michael with red eyes, looking hurt.

If she couldn't seduce him even like this, then she really had no other tricks.

Michael's face remained calm, but he was inwardly sneering at Violet, saying in a low voice, "Why are you suddenly asking this?"

Violet was dissatisfied, "Have you ever seen a couple not wanting to be intimate with each other? Even if it's a bit excessive, it's normal."

She had made her intentions so clear.

After hearing that, shouldn't he just picked her up and strode towards the lounge to show his masculinity?

But unexpectedly, Michael suddenly withdrew his hand from hers, half-jokingly saying, "If you keep imagining things like this, then just assume I never liked you."

That was his true feeling.

If it weren't for the truth he wanted from Violet, he wouldn't even look at her, let alone like her.

Moreover, his heart had always belonged to Isabella. A woman like Violet wouldn't even come close to him.

"Michael!"

Violet was so angry at his indifferent tone that she couldn't speak.

"If you dare to say such things again, I'll take it seriously."

"Alright, instead of asking these pointless questions, why don't you think about where to eat? It's already this time, aren't you hungry?"

Michael directly changed the topic. Usually, when Violet sensed his mood, she would obediently close her mouth and follow his lead.

But today, she was provoked by Harper's words.

If Michael really liked her, loved her, how could he resist not touching her, not having the most intimate actions with her?

She had to confirm this.

"I'm not going anywhere. I just want to know your answer now. Do you really like me? If you do, why don't you want to touch me?"

Violet's eyes were red, exuding a proud aura.

She wouldn't give up until she got a satisfactory answer.

But this look was laughable in Michael's eyes.

Not to mention the current Violet, even the former Bianca didn't dare to shout in front of him. Bianca was always carefully watching his expression.

Did she think she was someone special just because she had a different face?

But from another perspective, there was something to be happy about.

That was, Violet was already deeply immersed in this emotional world, unable to extricate herself.

Since that was the case, he would accompany her to the end.

But when the dream was shattered in the end, who knew what her reaction would be.

As Violet was about to break down, Michael approached her, speaking seriously, "Violet, I'm doing this for your own good."

"Think about it, with my current status, being with you is already taking advantage of you. If we have any excessive actions, wouldn't that prove our relationship is improper?"

###chapter 247 Go to the Baby

"Be good, once I divorce Isabella, not only will you have me, but the entire Brown Family will be yours."

Michael's last words successfully hooked Violet.

Not only him, but also the Brown Family behind him would be hers.

Violet didn't expect that in Michael's heart, she held such an important position.

"Michael, did I just misunderstand you?"

Now, thinking about her unreasonable behavior just now, she felt extremely embarrassed.

But she really couldn't wait any longer. She didn't care about the opinions of others; she just wanted him to prove with his actions that he liked her.

Thinking of this, Violet got up and threw herself at him, standing on tiptoe to kiss him, "You know, as long as being with you, I don't care what people say."

Just as her lips were about to touch his, a pair of strong hands pressed on her shoulders, firmly holding her in place.

Violet looked up at him in confusion, only to meet Michael's equally restrained gaze.

"Violet, we've come this far, we don't need to rush this last step. Be good, if you act recklessly now, it won't just be you who feels uncomfortable, I will too."

"But I can't hurt you. This moment of beauty should be saved for our future."

The future where he would uncover Violet's secrets and make her disappear from his sight completely.

But in Violet's eyes, Michael's actions showed that he cared about her and respected her, suppressing his own desires.

Thinking about their wedding day, she couldn't help but feel excited, tightly hugging his waist.

"Michael, I really hope that day comes soon, so we can be together openly without fearing anyone's judgment."

Michael didn't say anything, just stood there quietly, with no emotion on his face.

At this moment, Michael's phone suddenly rang, shattering Violet's fantasy about their future wedding.

Seeing the number from the Brown Villa, Michael sighed and quickly answered.

As expected, Aiden's powerful voice came through the phone, "Michael, where are you? Do you know what time it is? Why aren't you home yet? What are you trying to do?"

Ever since Aiden caught him at the lakeside villa, he seemed to have developed a suspicion, needing to see Michael come home every day.

This also gave Michael a perfect excuse to push Violet away.

"I know, I'll be back soon."

As soon as he finished speaking, Aiden hung up the phone.

He didn't even want to say another word to Michael.

Michael felt helpless. Even if he explained to Aiden, Aiden wouldn't believe him.

After hanging up, Michael pushed Violet away and sighed, "I can't stay with you tonight. Grandpa is urging me to go back. I'll have the bodyguard take you home."

Since it was Aiden, Violet didn't dare to compain or what.

She could only reluctantly let go of Michael's hand, "Alright, go accompany your Grandpa. I'm okay."

The earlier commotion had exhausted Michael's patience. Now, no matter what expression Violet put on, he couldn't be bothered to guess.

"Okay, I'm leaving."

He just wanted to get rid of her, but at the same time, he didn't want to go back to the Brown Villa and listen to Aiden's nagging.

Every time he went back, he would end up driving to his and Isabella's marital home, Elysian Heights Estate.

But today, perhaps dealing with Violet had tired him out, he drove straight to Elysian Heights Estate.

In the room, he called Aiden using the landline.

"Grandpa, if you have something to say, just say it. Aren't you tired of watching me every day?"

Every time he went back to the Brown Villa, all he heard was about Isabella. He could only hear about her but never see her. He feared he might go crazy and sneak into her room again.

Since that day at the dessert shop, he hadn't seen her for half a month.

He thought she would contact him to visit Daniel once his injury healed, so he applied medicine to his wound every day, hoping it would heal faster.

But until today, he hadn't received her call.

He felt like a forgotten puppy in the corner, hoping she would remember him and bring him back.

But Isabella didn't want him anymore!

Realizing this, his emotions were like a broken switch, sometimes completely blocking her out, sometimes missing her like crazy.

Indeed, once he realized he loved her, he couldn't escape the fate of being abandoned.

He knew from the beginning that she didn't love him.

She only loved his face that resembled Nolan's.

Aiden knew Michael's stubbornness. Once he made a decision, it couldn't be changed.

But he couldn't just watch him and Isabella separate like this.

"Michael, tell me the truth. Since I caught you that day, have you seen Isabella even once? Have you personally apologized to her?"

It had been half a month, and this foolish boy just forgot about it.

He didn't even consider Isabella's special situation. Did he expect a pregnant woman to take the initiative to apologize to him?

Ridiculous!

"Grandpa, how many times do I have to say it? This is between us. Can you stop worrying about it?"

The relationship between him and Isabella was something even he couldn't figure out, let alone Aiden, an elder. How could he understand his pain?

"Stop worrying?"

Aiden was quite angry and snapped, "You may not worry, 'cause you're always around Violet. Let me tell you, Isabella is your wife. Do not even think about marrying Violet! And, Isabella's pregnant for three months. During this time, have you, as the father, gone to see her and even once? You are the baby's biological father. Look at what kind of nonsense you're doing!"

Aiden was panting from scolding over the phone.

Michael felt equally bad.

That baby was also his deepest hope, his attempt to keep Isabella.

That was his baby. How could he not love it?

If he could, he would rather be by her side all the time, feeling the changes and growth of the child every day.

But now, he had to deal with Violet first.

Otherwise, there would be endless hidden dangers and threats to Isabella and the baby.

He could suppress his feelings and not see them, but he couldn't let them be in any danger.

However, he couldn't tell Aiden these things, and he could only find an excuse to cover it up.

"Grandpa, stop talking. I will go see her."

###chapter 248 The Mysterious Family

Aiden didn't trust him and gave the order directly.

"I know you too well. You've said so many times that you'd go, but you never did. I don't want to waste any more time with you. Tomorrow, go see Isabella and the baby. Don't let Isabella be sad."

In the end, Aiden sighed helplessly.

No matter how much he worried about the two of them, in the end, it was a matter between the couple. He couldn't forcefully make decisions no matter how anxious he was.

He could only help Michael one more time in this way.

"Okay, I got it."

Michael agreed decisively.

But in reality, he wanted to see Isabella more than anyone else, but with Violet around, he suppressed this urge.

Now with Aiden's words, he had an excuse to see Isabella, at least he wouldn't be directly kicked out by her.

After hanging up the phone, Michael thought about when would be a good time to visit Isabella at Whispering Pines Estates tomorrow.

She was pregnant now and should be very sleepy. If he went too early, he would disturb her.

Just then, the sound of a car came from outside.

A black car stopped urgently outside the door, and Aaron got out of the car with a serious expression, walking quickly towards the door and knocking.

"Mr. Brown, I have something to report to you."

Before Aaron could finish speaking, Michael opened the door, glanced outside, and let Aaron in, "Come on in!"

Aaron hadn't sent any messages since the afternoon, and Michael had a vague guess about something. Now it had been two hours since Aaron was supposed to report.

Something must have happened in between, otherwise, with Aaron's character, he wouldn't come over so rashly at night.

In the brightly lit living room, Aaron drank a glass of water and slightly organized the information he had just obtained from Renee.

After putting down the glass, he began to explain to Michael all the inside information he had just investigated at Glamour Oasis.

"Mr. Brown, Ms. Cooper is Bianca, the one you sent to Auroria!"

"And the reason she goes to the beauty salon every month is that her face needs special injections to maintain."

Michael squinted his eyes; he already had an answer in his mind.

What he lacked was evidence.

And what Aaron said next was what he really wanted to hear.

"As you guessed, there is indeed a hidden boss behind this beauty salon. The reason Violet can make it so that no one can find any clues is that this family is backing her and providing protection."

"And this family has been trying to enter the domestic market. After learning about the Brown Group's status domestically, they have been trying to break in from the inside to gain the fastest and most convenient means."

Upon hearing this, Michael raised his eyebrows and looked at Aaron, "Who told you all this?"

"The director of their salon, Renee."

Aaron recalled Renee's calm and composed demeanor despite her fear, and he felt an inexplicable sense of trust.

"Mr. Brown, from my observation, Renee is capable and courageous. Most of what she says is credible. I can feel that she only has a normal client relationship with Violet but is somewhat afraid of the mysterious family behind Violet."

In the more than an hour he spent with Renee in the lounge, Aaron could sense her intelligence and vigilance.

Even when she told him these things, she left herself enough room to save her life.

"You trust her that much?"

Michael asked suddenly, but Aaron replied with certainty, "Mr. Brown, I trust my judgment won't be wrong."

"It's rare to see you trust someone so much."

Saying this, Michael raised his eyebrows thoughtfully, suddenly thinking of something.

"Aaron, the mastermind you found out about, isn't it the Adri Family that's been making waves in the international market recently?"

"Mr. Brown, you guessed it!"

Aaron was stunned. He had just mentioned the family, and before he could say the name, Michael already knew who it was.

This Adri Family was very rampant abroad, but their background was particularly mysterious.

He only confirmed their identity after getting information from Renee.

Then, he nodded seriously, "Indeed, it's them causing trouble behind the scenes. Mr. Brown, what should we do next?"

Since they had already found out Violet's true identity, Michael didn't need to endure and play along with her anymore.

In Aaron's opinion, they should expose Violet as an imposter directly, making her too embarrassed to stay in Evergreen City.

However, Michael's thoughts went far beyond that.

Violet couldn't be moved for now.

"Don't alarm Violet yet. Just pretend we don't know anything and continue to observe."

"But, Violet..."

Aaron was puzzled.

"No buts. Since we've found out the mastermind, we can't act rashly now, understand?"

Michael's eyes were deep. At this point, whether Violet was Bianca or not was no longer important.

His target was the Adri Family.

"Understood."

Aaron quickly understood, blaming himself for not thinking deeply enough and almost ruining Michael's plan.

"It's late, go rest."

Michael got up and walked to Aaron's side, raising his hand to pat his shoulder, "You've worked hard during this time. Your requested vacation is approved after the New Year."

Aaron's eyes lit up, "Thank you, Mr. Brown."

Michael shook his head; this was what Aaron deserved.

At night, Michael lay on the large bed in the bedroom, resting with his eyes closed.

The Adri Family was a powerful ancient family in Auroria. Whether in terms of status or economic strength, they were a force to be reckoned with in their country and even in neighboring countries.

A few months ago, the Brown Group had tried to purchase mining rights for several mines in Auroria, but the Adri Family, being local natives, also had their eyes on these mines.

At the auction, the Adri Family only sent a few people, but they disrupted the prices and local customs, causing the mining rights to ultimately go unsold.

At that time, he didn't take these people seriously and continued to advance into Auroria's mining market from another position.

But not long after, Bianca, whom he had sent to Auroria, disappeared, and a woman named "Violet" took the opportunity to come to his side.

She even tried every means to sow discord between him and Isabella.

Putting all these events together, there was no coincidence.

It was all the Adri Family pulling the strings behind the scenes, sending the face-changed "Bianca" to his side, trying to get something from him.

Thinking back now, perhaps from the moment he stepped into the auction, he had already been targeted.

But what was the Adri Family's real conspiracy?

Was it to swallow the Brown Group or to seize power?

If they really wanted to take control of the entire domestic economy as Aaron had found out, then the Adri Family's target was not just the Brown Group but also the Wilson Family!

With such a strong ambition, he wanted to see how much strength the Adri Family had to dare to go against him!

###chapter 249 Michael's Call

The next day, a woman dressed in a high-end suit stepped into Glamour Oasis.

The woman had a small face adorned with sunglasses, a slender and graceful figure, but upon closer inspection, one could notice a slight bulge in her abdomen. However, this did not diminish her charm in the slightest.

Removing her sunglasses, Isabella confidently surveyed everything in front of her.

Ever since she learned from Shadow yesterday that Harper was hiding in this beauty salon, she couldn't wait to personally drag Harper out.

After a night's sleep, she came straight to this store, wanting to see who was behind Harper.

Isabella had already reviewed the basic information about this beauty salon from the data sent by Shadow.

The place wasn't big, and the facilities inside couldn't be considered luxurious.

The only thing that could be compared was probably the service here.

Isabella looked at the various warm reminders and small details posted inside the store and understood why this place, despite being so remote, still had a steady stream of customers.

At this moment, a young girl ran out of the front desk and blocked her way.

Looking at her with a face full of surprise, she said, "Isabella, you're Miss Isabella Wilson, right? I really like you. You look so cool when you race!"

Isabella was taken aback, realizing that many of her activities had been posted online, and she understood what was going on with the person in front of her.

"You like racing too?"

She had many fans, but they were usually seen more at racing events. She rarely encountered them in everyday life.

"I do, but I'm too scared to ride. I can only watch videos online. I've saved every one of your races."

The receptionist's eyes sparkled, and she nervously covered her mouth with her hands.

Isabella didn't expect to run into one of her fans while gathering information, but this was good. She didn't have to worry about her identity being exposed.

"Thank you for your support. I'm here today to experience some beauty treatments. Would it be possible to take a tour of your store first?"

Isabella asked her calmly, trying to gather information about Harper without disrupting the receptionist's work.

"No problem, follow me. The VIP rooms are just inside."

"Thank you."

Isabella nodded politely and followed the receptionist into the interior of the beauty salon.

Meanwhile, at the Brown Group, Aaron, who had received the news, rushed into the CEO's office in a panic, shouting, "Mr. Brown, bad news!"

Inside the office, Violet was about to get close to Michael when Aaron's sudden entrance startled her.

Her face turned sour.

This Aaron always ruined her plans.

She had to stand up straight, placing her hand on Michael's chair, and said irritably, "Mr. Hill, you've been with Mr. Brown for a few years now. Don't you even know knocking before entering?"

Violet made no effort to hide her disdain for Aaron.

If it weren't for him always being by Michael's side, would she have no chance to seduce him?

Aaron was also taken aback.

How could he have forgotten about Violet? But there was no time to wait.

He could only cast an urgent look at Michael.

Michael lifted his eyes from the document and glanced at Aaron, his tone unclear, "Violet is right. You've been with me for a few years now. How can you still be so rash? You need to stay calm in any situation, understand?"

Aaron was so anxious that his palms were sweating. He didn't believe Michael could stay calm after hearing this news.

But with Violet present, he couldn't speak directly.

He could only hint to Michael, "Mr. Brown, you know my family had visitors last night. My cousin, who's pregnant, insisted on hanging out with an old friend. If I don't go find her, who knows what might happen? She's carrying a baby."

Last night, Aaron had reported to him about the beauty salon at his place.

With the mention of pregnancy and a baby, Michael's expression changed.

When he looked up to confirm with Aaron, he nodded anxiously.

Michael's heart suddenly sank.

It was Isabella.

She was in trouble.

Aaron had no choice but to mention the baby.

Michael never showed his emotions, so Aaron couldn't tell if he cared more about Isabella or the baby.

He had to try both.

Michael's face turned cold, "What are you waiting for? Go find her and make sure she's safe."

"Yes, Mr. Brown."

With the order given, Aaron wiped his sweat and ran out.

But Violet, watching everything unfold, felt something was off.

And since when did Aaron have a cousin he cared so much about?

"Michael, does Mr. Hill have a particularly good relationship with this cousin? She's just out playing, why is he so worried?"

"Maybe. Aaron values his family a lot, so it's normal for him to be anxious."

Michael said casually, his eyes returning to the document, but only he knew that every line in front of him was blurry.

Violet didn't ask further. Michael's indifferent attitude said it all.

But...

She reached out to touch Michael's forehead, surprised, "Michael, what's wrong? Are you feeling unwell or too tired? You're sweating."

"Nothing, maybe the office is too warm. Adjust the temperature, I'll go to the restroom."

"Okay."

Violet didn't suspect anything and obediently got up to find the remote on the sofa.

Michael, on the other hand, pushed open the office door and went outside.

Aaron's message was clear.

Isabella had gone to Glamour Oasis to get Harper.

Thinking about the Adri Family members there made Michael anxious.

The Adri Family was targeting both the Brown Group and the Wilson Family. Violet had already successfully approached him. If Isabella was also targeted...

He couldn't bear to think about the consequences.

The CEO's private elevator went straight to the underground parking lot. As soon as he closed the car door, Michael quickly dialed Isabella's number.

Since the incident at the dessert shop, they hadn't contacted each other.

For the past half month, he had spent almost all his time with Violet. To avoid arousing her suspicion, he had never called Isabella.

And Isabella had never thought of contacting him.

So when she saw Michael's number flashing on her phone, Isabella was stunned.

Michael was contacting her?

Had he lost his mind? What did he want?

Without thinking, Isabella hung up.

But the next second, the phone rang again. It was still Michael.

Isabella was secretly observing in the beauty salon and didn't want to draw attention to herself, so she reluctantly answered the call.

"Michael, you better have a good reason for calling me at this time!"

###chapter 250 Did You Remember What I Said?

Michael and Violet's affair had already spread everywhere, and she didn't want to have any more entanglements with him.

It would be best if they never saw each other again in this lifetime.

So she wouldn't get annoyed just by looking at him.

Michael's voice was urgent, accompanied by the sound of a car starting, "Isabella, are you inside Glamour Oasis?"

Isabella was stunned for a moment, then reacted and lowered her voice to ask back, "Michael, are you spying on me?"

Thinking about the last time Michael disguised himself and followed her to the dessert shop, Isabella felt a wave of disgust.

Now he had sent someone to follow her again.

All for one reason, to stop her from meeting Nolan again.

"To prevent me from meeting Nolan, you really would do anything, Michael. You already have Violet by your side, do you have the right to control what I do?"

Thinking about how everything she did was being monitored by Michael, Isabella wished she could pull Michael out of the phone and have a fight with him.

"Isabella, I'm not calling to argue with you. Listen to me from now on."

"I know you're also investigating this Glamour Oasis, but the background here is deeper than you think. You're pregnant and can't take risks. I'll handle everything. You need to leave now."

"Do you understand?"

It was only at this moment that Michael realized that if the Adri Family was targeting him, rushing over there now would be no different from walking into a trap.

The only thing he could do now was to persuade Isabella to leave before she was noticed by anyone.

However, he forgot one thing, Isabella would never trust him again.

She sneered on the phone, "Michael, how can you have the nerve to say that? When Harper disappeared, you also said you had everything under control. And then? Did you find her?"

Isabella's question left Michael speechless.

Isabella didn't want to waste any more words with him. Michael was the kind of person who would say that everything was fine with him around, but in the end, he accomplished nothing.

So, relying on others was not as good as relying on herself.

"What I do has nothing to do with you. Also, you already have Violet by your side, recognize your own identity, and stop using the title of my husband to control me. If you accidentally ruin your relationship with her, wouldn't I become the 'third party'?"

Isabella sarcastically mocked him and hung up the phone.

If Michael had got someone else to be with, she wouldn't be so angry.

Even she could see that Violet had traces of Bianca in her. Could Michael not see it?

But he still treated her like a treasure, not even pretending in front of Aiden, and claimed he had no lingering feelings for Bianca.

In the end, Bianca was his true love.

So why did he still bother her?

Bad man!

The more she thought about it, the angrier she got. After hanging up the phone, Isabella looked at the package list and directly threw out a card.

"Give me the most expensive package, and I want your best beautician."

The receptionist took it with a smile, and with a beep, Isabella successfully spent five hundred thousand dollars, becoming the biggest VIP customer of the month.

The receptionist didn't dare to neglect her and immediately called the director, Renee.

Big clients were usually personally attended to by Renee.

Just as Renee was about to lead Isabella to the VIP room, Aaron rushed in, sweating, and happened to see Renee and Isabella chatting and laughing.

His heart sank.

Damn, he was a little late!

At the first sight of Aaron, Isabella understood who had called him over.

She raised her chin and showed Aaron her new card, speaking slowly.

"Aaron, why are you in such a hurry? Do you want to come in for a beauty treatment too? Don't worry, Michael may not be willing to spend the money, but I am. Just mention my name when you come here in the future!"

She was going to piss Michael off!

He didn't want her to step in here, but she was going to stay here.

After she found Harper, she would win Michael in this matter.

Isabella turned and walked inside, with Renee glancing at Aaron, frowning deeply.

But she didn't show it and followed Isabella inside.

Isabella was pregnant and had many things to be careful about.

Not trusting anyone else, Renee personally took care of her beauty treatments.

Since she got pregnant, she rarely went out and used fewer cosmetics, so her skin wasn't affected.

In fact, due to the pregnancy, her skin became more hydrated and delicate, even Cinda praised her for becoming more beautiful after getting pregnant.

Renee did a skin test for Isabella and created a personalized skincare plan for her.

After applying the mask, she needed to let it sit for ten minutes.

Renee took this time to step out and was heading towards the restroom.

But she was stopped by Aaron midway.

Seeing he hadn't left, Renee was startled. She was still a bit uneasy about what happened in the lounge yesterday afternoon. Why was he here again so early in the morning?

Seeing no one around, Renee suppressed her anger and said, "Mr. Hill, I've already told you everything I know. What more do you want?"

She could let go of what happened, but if Aaron kept coming to the beauty salon and targeting her, it would not only affect the salon but also put her in danger if the people behind the scenes found out.

Seeing Renee glaring at him angrily but still pretending to be calm, Aaron felt an indescribable feeling.

He found her quite cute.

This strange feeling had been there since he first saw her yesterday.

To figure out what was going on, Aaron moved closer to her.

Influenced by Michael, Aaron often worked out and had a lean and strong physique.

But standing next to the tall and high-heeled Renee, he didn't have much of an advantage.

They were almost at eye level.

But Aaron didn't care about such trivial matters. He stared straight at Renee and, taking her by surprise, cornered her, blocking the view from outside.

Just as Renee was about to push him away, Aaron's deep and cold voice sounded in her ear.

"Listen, get Ms. Taylor out of there. Don't even think about doing anything to her. You can't afford to mess with her!"

Renee didn't understand what Aaron meant by that.

She just wanted to keep her distance from him and never see him again.

"Let go of me!"

"Did you remember what I said?"

Aaron had no intention of leaving. Instead, he lowered his gaze to meet hers, his eyes deep and threatening.

Renee instantly recalled the humiliation she suffered in the lounge last night, her face turning pale, and she forcefully pushed Aaron away.

She said angrily, "Do you really think you can order me around, Aaron? Yesterday, I was caught off guard and threatened by you, but that doesn't mean I'll always follow your orders."

"This is my place. Please leave now, or I'll call the police!"

###chapter 251 The Relationship Has Long Been Severed

"Call the police on me?"

Renee's defiant stance successfully piqued Aaron's interest.

He sneered, stepped forward, and grabbed her hand, pressing it against himself.

His voice was low and carried a hint of menace, "Would you dare? Don't forget, if the police come and find something at this place, it won't just be me getting arrested."

Renee's eyes tightened.

She almost forgot that Aaron already knew her secret.

If he exposed it, the police might not be able to do anything to her, but the family behind her would never let her go.

"Why aren't you talking? Are you scared?" Aaron took a step closer, a smirk on his lips, "Don't worry, I won't..."

Before he could finish, a flash of cold light appeared before him, and a small knife was pointed directly at his neck.

One more step, and his life would be over.

Aaron squinted his eyes, the smile on his lips deepening.

He didn't believe she would really dare to harm him here.

In fact, Renee had no intention of killing him; she just wanted to intimidate Aaron.

"Mr. Hill, can you let go of me now?"

Renee gripped the small knife tightly, her eyes fixed on Aaron's hand holding her wrist, signaling him to let go.

Aaron curled his lips and released her hand in front of her.

Renee breathed a sigh of relief and was about to leave when her waist was suddenly grabbed, and the hand holding the knife was controlled, causing the knife to fall.

Aaron caught it with his other hand and began to play with it.

"You." Renee couldn't believe that Aaron, just an assistant, had such good skills.

"What? A gift from Ms. Faith yourself, of course, I have to keep it well."

Aaron raised his eyebrows, pocketed the knife, and looked at Renee with a mischievous smile.

Renee knew that when it came to shamelessness, she couldn't win against Aaron.

Only if she didn't care either could she have a chance to win.

Thinking of this, she quickly calmed down. Despite being held by him, she remained composed.

"Mr. Hill, since you like this knife, you can have it. After all, there are plenty of them in my salon, it's no big deal."

"But if you're here for Ms. Taylor, I'm afraid I can't help you. Ms. Taylor is a generous VIP who has already paid, and I have to serve her well. How could I possibly kick her out?"

"So, Mr. Hill, you'll have to find another way."

With that, Renee took advantage of Aaron's distraction and pushed him away.

She walked to the restroom in her high heels.

Standing there, Aaron held the small knife in his pocket and watched Renee walk away with a straight back, a smile forming on his lips.

Renee was just as he imagined, stubborn and fiery.

But he hadn't forgotten his purpose for coming here.

Since he couldn't persuade Renee to send her away, he would have to do it by himself.

The VIP room was quiet, with only Isabella inside.

Aaron knocked on the door, and upon hearing a response, he pushed the door open and spoke directly to Isabella.

"Mrs. Brown, it's dangerous here. Please leave with me now."

Hearing Aaron's voice, Isabella was momentarily stunned. She removed the mask from her face and sat up.

She looked at Aaron standing by the door, feeling helpless, "Aaron, when did you become so unreasonable? How is it dangerous for me to be here?"

She didn't need to think to know this was Michael's idea.

Couldn't he see that she needed some space?

Did he have to make everything difficult for her?

At that moment, Renee, who had timed it perfectly, came over, glancing at Aaron as if he were invisible, and went straight to arranging the skincare products on the shelf.

Aaron felt a pang of discomfort but didn't want to delay any longer. Michael was already urging him.

So he hurried to Isabella's side and whispered, "Mrs. Brown, Mr. Brown is waiting outside. You know his temper. If you don't go to see him, he might barge in..."

Isabella couldn't help but twitch her lips at his words.

Did Michael have to follow her everywhere?

She had finally found a lead on Harper, and now she had just entered this beauty salon and hadn't gathered any useful information yet.

If Michael caused a scene, Harper might quickly move, and how would she catch her then?

Isabella took a deep breath, gritting her teeth, "Fine, I want to see what he wants."

With that, Isabella left the beauty salon with Aaron.

Aaron carried her bag, carefully following behind her, afraid that her anger would spill over onto him.

Renee, who had followed them out, was stunned.

Was this the same Aaron who had just threatened her in the corner?

How did he seem like a different person?

Outside, Aaron pointed to a black luxury car by the roadside, indicating to Isabella, "Mrs. Brown, Mr. Brown is waiting for you in the car."

Seeing the overly conspicuous luxury car, Isabella's anger flared up.

Why should she have to agree to see him just because he said so?

She glared at the car, took her bag from Aaron, and snorted, "Who does he think he is, some kind of prince? Such a big show, huh? I'm leaving, I have no interest in seeing him!"

They had come this far, what was there left to talk about?

He should think about how to marry Violet, that was his real skill.

Michael heard everything Isabella said. From the moment she stepped out, his eyes had been on her.

As the car window rolled down, he heard her refusal to see him.

Seeing Isabella walking towards her car without looking back, Michael panicked.

He couldn't explain anything to Isabella right now, but he had orders from Aiden to check on her and the baby.

Quickly starting the car, Michael drove to Isabella's side, lowered the window, and commanded, "Isabella, get in!"

Seeing Michael's handsome face, still etched in her mind, Isabella felt only despair and anger.

She sneered at Michael, "Michael, who are you to order me? Our relationship ended long ago!"

If she weren't worried about Daniel being affected, she would have divorced him long ago.

She wouldn't tolerate him treating her like this.

He was truly shameless.

"If you don't come over, don't blame me for using force. And whether our relationship is over is not for you to decide!"

Michael finished speaking, not giving Isabella any chance to hesitate.

He opened the driver's door, took a long stride towards her, and grabbed her wrist, lifting her into his arms and carrying her to his car.

"Michael, let me go."

Isabella was terrified but didn't dare to resist too much.

She was pregnant and couldn't handle such rough treatment.

She could only let Michael carry her to the back seat, where he sat with her, closing the door with a bang.

###chapter 252 Legal Relationship

The space inside the car was just for the two of them. Michael was pressed close behind her, and Isabella shifted uncomfortably.

She still felt a bit scared when she thought about what had just happened.

"Michael, what exactly do you want? If you dare to hurt the baby in my belly, I won't let you get away with it!"

"It's also my baby. How could I possibly hurt the baby?"

They hadn't seen each other for more than half a month, and Michael missed her so much that his heart ached.

Otherwise, he wouldn't have been able to resist hugging her as soon as he saw her.

But he was careful not to hurt her belly at all.

Hearing this, Isabella rolled her eyes secretly. "Don't forget, this is my child. It has nothing to do with you anymore."

He had already signed the child agreement, yet he still dreamed of fighting her for the child. Not a chance!

She would never let the child be with a philandering father.

"If it has nothing to do with me, did you conceive this baby all by yourself?"

Michael didn't mind her words. As long as he could see that she was safe, he was relieved.

"Michael!" Isabella turned her head, ready to argue with Michael about who the child belonged to. But when she looked closely at Michael's face, her expression froze.

Was this still the dignified and graceful Michael she remembered?

It had only been half a month, but he looked so tired.

Especially with the faint dark circles under his eyes and the stubble on his chin, it seemed like he hadn't had a good night's sleep in a long time.

Didn't he have Violet to take care of him?

How did he end up like this?

A trace of confusion flashed in Isabella's eyes. "Michael, how long has it been since you took care of yourself? You look bad."

As she spoke, she curled her lips, not forgetting to criticize Michael's sense of aesthetics.

"Didn't Violet say that with her around, you'd be thoroughly enjoying yourself? What, was she just all talk?"

"What does she have to do with it? The only one who can make me enjoy myself is you. Don't forget, we're still married legally."

Seeing Isabella's disdainful look, Michael instinctively touched his chin. Was it that obvious?

To prove that he was still clean, he deliberately moved closer to her, taking her hand and placing it on his face.

"I just didn't shave for a day. It's not as bad as you say. If you don't believe me, feel it yourself."

Her fingertips accidentally touched Michael's rough stubble, and Isabella quickly withdrew her hand as if she had been electrocuted.

She looked at Michael warily. "Michael, I'm warning you, we're already living apart. According to the law, our relationship is no different from a divorce. So don't use the pretext of being a couple to take advantage of me, or I'll sue you for sexual harassment!"

Hearing Isabella say so much, Michael couldn't help but want to laugh. His gentle gaze fell on her slightly swollen belly.

He suppressed his urge to touch it and said, "If this counts as sexual harassment, then how did you have the baby? It can't be all your doing, right?"

"As for the separation you mentioned, that doesn't make sense. You're pregnant for twelve weeks, which means our last sexual encounter was before that, and it was frequent enough to result in this baby."

Michael raised an eyebrow. "Do you still want to define our relationship as separated?"

After his reasoning, Isabella was stunned.

He even knew the gestational age of the child. Was he still Michael?

When did he become so knowledgeable about pregnancy?

Could it be...

Isabella suddenly had an idea. "Michael, are you planning to have a child with Violet too?"

Otherwise, why would he know so much about this?

"What nonsense are you talking about?"

Michael didn't know what she was thinking. He frowned and the words "I've never had any relationship with Violet" were on the tip of his tongue, but he didn't say them.

Isabella could even say something like him having a child with Violet, which showed that her trust in him was zero.

If he really explained his relationship with Violet, with her intelligence, she would probably guess Violet's identity and the hidden connections behind her.

He didn't want her to get involved.

Right now, the most important thing for her was to take good care of herself and the baby.

"Let's not talk about this. I came here to discuss something serious with you."

From the moment he hugged her into the car, he had been led astray by her topics, almost forgetting his purpose for coming here.

"From today on, you are not allowed to come to this place, not even once!"

Although he still couldn't be sure when the Adri Family people would come to Evergreen City, for the sake of her and the baby, it was better to be cautious.

She was the one he was most worried about. Only by protecting her could he focus all his energy on fighting the Adri Family.

"Why not? Give me a good reason."

This was the second time Michael had told her to leave this place. No matter how much Isabella ignored it, she sensed something was wrong.

Michael didn't want her to know too much. "This place is dangerous. It's not suitable for you to be here. If you want to go to a beauty salon, I'll give you money to go to any one in Evergreen City."

"Your money?"

Isabella sneered. "Do you think the Wilson Family would lack your little bit of money for beauty treatments? Michael, since you won't tell the truth, don't blame me for being ruthless."

"I have my own plans and considerations for coming here. You do your thing, I'll do mine, and we won't interfere with each other."

She had finally found a clue about Harper. How could she give it all up just because of his words?

But she didn't plan to tell Michael about Harper.

This time, she wanted to personally bring out Harper, the suspect who caused Grace's death.

She wanted Harper to explain what happened more than ten years ago and give Grace justice.

Neither of them was willing to back down, and the atmosphere became unbearably tense.

The car was filled with a heavy, oppressive air.

Isabella felt suffocated. She didn't want to stay here any longer, especially not with Michael.

But when she tried to open the car door, she found it was locked.

At this moment, the bodyguards who had been following Isabella also sensed something was wrong and approached Michael's car.

Isabella was speechless. She pointed to the men in black outside. "Michael, let me out of the car. I don't want my people to clash with you here!"

Seeing the row of people in black approaching him, Michael's eyes darkened.

He never thought there would be a day when Isabella would hate him so much.

Even when they were talking, she couldn't wait to escape.

But the more she acted like this, the less he wanted to let her go.

Isabella looked at Michael beside her, her anger rising. "Michael, what exactly do you want?"

###chapter 253 The Baby is the Most Important

The bodyguards around her were hired by Atticus because he was worried about her. If a fight broke out, Michael's subordinates might not be able to win.

Moreover, this was outside, and if any commotion affected the company, it would be even more troublesome.

The next second, Michael bent over and pinned her down, firmly controlling her hands in his palms and raising them above her head.

Isabella had no choice but to look up at him.

But she could clearly see the suppressed madness in his eyes, and the unabashed desire for her.

This feeling was not unfamiliar to her.

Every time Michael showed this look, she would be repeatedly tormented by him in bed that night.

But now they were in the car, and outside were all her bodyguards.

Would he do it with her right here?

The thought of what Michael might do to her made Isabella panic instantly, "Michael, even if you're crazy, you have to consider the timing. I'm carrying your child."

She was in the most unstable period of her pregnancy. If Michael really forced her, not only would the child be in danger, but her own life would also be at risk.

But Michael didn't say a word, just looked at her quietly.

At the mention of the child, the desire in his eyes quickly faded. Under her anxious gaze, he reached out and gently stroked her belly.

It was as if he was soothing the child inside, and also soothing her.

Under the gentle touch of Michael's large hand, Isabella couldn't help but move slightly, and unexpectedly saw Michael curl his lips into a smile.

It was as if he was feeling the changes in the child inside her belly.

This strange feeling was not only felt by Michael, but Isabella also noticed it.

Her intuition told her that Michael wouldn't harm her and the child.

Michael pressed his lips together, looking at the belly that hadn't shown much half a month ago, but now had a noticeable curve.

His heart was filled with an indescribable sense of happiness.

This was his child, his and Isabella's child.

At this moment, he just wanted to hold them and never let go.

But he couldn't be so selfish. He secretly set a deadline for himself. After he had dealt with all the dangers, he would go to her and tell her everything.

By then, if she could give him another chance, he would definitely bring her and the child to his side and do his best to make up for everything.

"Isabella, you and the child must be well."

Michael didn't say anything more. He knew that no matter what he said at this moment, Isabella wouldn't believe him.

But how could Isabella not feel the change in his emotions?

She knew he cared about this child, but so what?

Isabella even felt that she was pathetic, unable to forget or let go of him, but in the end, they could only part ways.

The only thing worth being thankful for was that the child could still have Michael's love.

Isabella got out of the car and, escorted by the bodyguards, got into her own car.

Watching the scenery outside pass by bit by bit, her heart was also stirred.

She knew very well that Michael's words were not just casual remarks.

If she came here again, he might take coercive measures, and she really didn't want to see him again.

Every meeting with him affected her emotions.

She didn't want to continue like this.

Fortunately, the receptionist had shown her around the interior of the beauty salon today. When she got back, she would draw a map of the layout.

It would be the same to have someone come and check it out, and it wouldn't attract Harper's attention.

Not long after Isabella's car left, Michael also turned around and left.

Standing in the office, observing Aaron's movements, Renee turned back to her desk after seeing Aaron leave, picked up her phone, and dialed a number.

Since Aaron had no intention of letting her go, she might as well report the situation first.

By the time they investigated her, the matter would have been taken care of.

The Brown Group.

Violet had been waiting in the office for a while, but Michael hadn't returned.

And Aaron seemed to have disappeared as well. He had taken leave from Michael and hadn't come back. The more she thought about it, the more she felt something was wrong.

How could these two disappear one after the other as if they had planned it?

Feeling uneasy, she picked up her phone to call Michael, but then she noticed his phone left on the desk.

If he had just gone to the restroom, he shouldn't have been gone this long.

Violet bit her lip and immediately thought of the beauty salon where Harper was.

She had received a call from someone yesterday, saying that she was being watched.

Could it be that Michael really suspected her?

She wasn't afraid of Michael finding out anything. The salon was handled entirely by Renee, with no dirty financial sources.

But Violet was worried about Harper being there alone. Even though Renee was there, she still wanted to go and see if anything had happened.

Harper had to be moved.

For safety's sake, the beauty salon could no longer be used.

A few days later, Whispering Pines Estates.

Isabella was sitting on the balcony, basking in the sun. Even though the temperature outside was very low, the indoor temperature was always kept at a comfortable level.

She didn't feel cold at all. On the contrary, as an expectant mother, Isabella often felt very warm.

Sometimes she even wanted to open the door and go outside to get some fresh air, but Cinda wouldn't allow it.

As soon as she made any risky move, Cinda would immediately pick up the phone and call Atticus, and within three seconds, she would receive Atticus's "interrogation."

Over time, she learned to behave.

When she felt hot, she would come to the balcony to feel the breeze through the window, which was less stifling.

Just as Isabella was about to fall asleep on the swing in the afternoon sun, Cinda came over with a plate of fruit.

"I heard that eating more grapes during pregnancy will make the baby's eyes big and bright. Come on, eat more, it's good for the baby."

Isabella had become numb to such remarks.

From the beginning, Cinda had said that eating apples would make the baby's skin good, and eating blueberries would make the baby smart.

Cinda used this trick to make her eat different fruits every day.

She had eaten so much that her teeth were sore.

Now, seeing fruit made her stomach churn with acid.

But she couldn't bear to refuse Cinda's good intentions, so she reluctantly picked up a grape and put it in her mouth. "Cinda, stop using the baby to pressure me. Just tell me what you want me to eat."

Cinda just smiled. She knew Isabella wasn't really angry, but was just being playful with her.

"If I didn't mention the baby, and just told you to eat these fruits every day, you probably wouldn't even look at them."

Even Isabella's uncles couldn't do anything with her, so Cinda had to use this trick to get her to eat more fruit.

After all, she was experienced and knew how to coax Isabella into eating.

###chapter 254 The First to Share with You

Isabella turned her head and looked at Cinda with a hint of resentment.

"Cinda, you can't just care about the baby and not me. Look, it's only been three months of pregnancy, and I've already gained several pounds."

"No way, Ms. Taylor, you still look as beautiful as before. Your skin is so smooth, you look like an eighteen-year-old girl."

Isabella burst into laughter and said coquettishly, "Cinda, stop it."

Cinda smiled, "I'm not lying. Ms. Taylor, you are naturally beautiful, and you look even better now that you're pregnant."

At this moment, Isabella was certain that keeping Cinda around was the best decision she had ever made.

If it weren't for Cinda's companionship, providing her with motherly warmth and comfort, she might have really become depressed during this time.

Cinda had filled the void of motherly love she was missing, helping her get through emotional challenges time and again.

At this moment, there was a knock on the door. Cinda assumed it was Isabella's uncles and went to open the door with a smile.

"Mr. Brown?"

Hearing Cinda's surprised voice, Isabella instinctively looked towards the door. When she saw who it was, her eyes lit up.

"Nolan! What brings you here?"

Seeing Nolan, Isabella's face lit up with joy and surprise as she quickly walked towards the door.

The driver who had pushed the wheelchair had already left. Cinda took over the wheelchair and pushed Nolan into the living room.

Seeing how happy Isabella was to see him, the unease in Nolan's heart dissipated significantly.

He didn't want her to notice anything, so he half-jokingly said, "Of course, I wanted to see you. It's been so long, and you haven't called to update me. If I didn't come, I might still have to hear about you from someone else even if you disappeared."

Nolan's tone was filled with undisguised disappointment and worry, making Isabella feel guilty.

"No way, I was just afraid of interrupting your classes, Nolan. Besides, your schedule is so full, I didn't want to bother you and make you more tired."

"Really?"

Isabella nodded, "I swear, it is."

Only then did Nolan let her off the hook.

Feeling guilty, Isabella exchanged a glance with Cinda and took over Nolan's wheelchair, pushing him towards the balcony.

She personally handed Nolan the fruit that Cinda had washed, "Nolan, don't be mad. Here, have some fruit!"

Isabella blinked and gave Nolan a pleasing smile.

She had known Nolan for many years and was very familiar with his personality and way of doing things.

Despite his usual gentle demeanor, when it came to work and things he cared about, he was as serious as Michael.

Even more stubborn than Michael.

And since Nolan had personally chosen this job and had just started, she didn't want to disturb him too much at this time.

She didn't want him to waste his energy listening to her complaints and grievances.

But Isabella didn't know that Nolan's thoughts were the exact opposite.

"Isabella, are you really just afraid of disturbing me, so you didn't come to me?"

Since they last met at the dessert shop, they hadn't contacted each other for nearly a month. He was worried that she might have overthought that day's events, misunderstanding that he left her alone and went back, thinking he was cold and heartless.

After all, the one being surrounded was Michael, who was also a member of the Brown Family.

In terms of relationships, as Michael's older brother, he shouldn't have left Michael there without caring.

Over the past month, the more Isabella ignored him, the more panicked he felt.

Did she really have a different opinion of him?

Once this thought took root in his mind, it kept him up at night.

So, he didn't hesitate any longer and came directly to Isabella's villa without calling ahead.

Fortunately, the security had his records, and he was able to enter as he wished.

"Yes, otherwise, why wouldn't I come to you?"

In response to Nolan's doubts, Isabella gave a decisive answer.

She had always considered Nolan her best friend, as important as Olivia and her uncles.

Seeing Isabella's serious and puzzled expression, Nolan secretly breathed a sigh of relief.

It wasn't as he had feared.

He had been worried that Isabella would distance herself from him because of this, which he would regret for the rest of his life.

Isabella also noticed something was off, her eyes falling on Nolan's face, which alternated between tension and relaxation. She asked in confusion, "Nolan, what's wrong? You didn't come all this way just to ask me this, did you?"

In terms of time, they had known each other longer than she had known Michael.

Why would Nolan be so concerned about such a small matter?

Hearing this, Nolan looked up, meeting Isabella's bright eyes. Their gazes locked, and some indescribable emotions burst forth at that moment.

"Isabella, if I came here just for these small matters, would you feel guilty?"

Nolan's eyes were fixed on her, his gentle gaze mixed with an unfathomable depth, like a deep pool that couldn't be fully explored.

But his tone was light and easy.

He didn't seem to be serious about what he was saying, more like he was joking with her.

So Isabella didn't think much of it and followed her own thoughts, saying, "Yes."

When she met Nolan's inscrutable eyes, she already felt a vague sense of guilt.

She hadn't intentionally avoided contacting him.

She was mainly afraid that her pregnancy emotions would affect others, so she held back from disturbing them.

"I was just joking, and you took it seriously."

Hearing Isabella seriously nod and say "yes," Nolan knew he hadn't come in vain.

The gloom in his heart was swept away, and not wanting Isabella to see through his thoughts, he quickly changed the subject.

"Actually, I came here not just for this and I do have some good news to share with you. Can you guess what it is?"

Seeing Nolan's rare playful side, Isabella silently pondered what great news could make Nolan so happy.

After thinking for a while, a thought suddenly flashed in her mind.

"Nolan, do you have someone you like?"

To be honest, Nolan seemed to have been single for many years. He was always the one giving her relationship advice over the phone, but she had never heard of him dating anyone.

The only person who had close contact with him was his student Violet, whom he had brought back from abroad.

When they appeared at her birthday party, she had mistakenly thought they were a couple, but Violet had expressed her feelings for Michael at the party.

So, Nolan was still single.

She didn't know what type he liked, but if there was someone suitable, she could introduce them to him.

After all, Nolan wasn't getting any younger, and staying single wasn't a solution.

"Isabella, why would you think of that?" Nolan laughed, "The good news I have has nothing to do with relationships. You guessed wrong!"

###chapter 255 Isabella, It's So Good to Have You

Not in terms of feelings, Isabella racked her brain and asked in confusion, "Could it be that you're getting another promotion? But Nolan, you're already at the professor level. What's next, deputy director?"

Nolan smiled and shook his head, "Forget it, it's something I don't even dare to think about myself, it's also difficult for you."

"So, what exactly is the good news, Nolan?"

Seeing Isabella's curious look, Nolan pursed his lips and patted his currently numb legs.

"Oh my God!"

Isabella covered her mouth in surprise, her eyes brightened, "Nolan, are you saying there's hope for your legs?"

Since Nolan returned from abroad, she hadn't dared to mention this matter in front of him.

Firstly, she was afraid of bringing up his sad memories, and secondly, she didn't want Nolan to think she minded it.

As long as he was okay, she could hold back from asking anything.

She didn't expect that there was a possibility of his legs being cured.

This was the best news she had heard recently.

"It's not that exaggerated, I just found a treatment plan."

Seeing Isabella's happy expression, Nolan knew he was right to share it with her first.

"Yesterday I went to the hospital for a check-up, and the doctor said that my legs recently had some sensation that could be detected by machines, but it's just very slight reflexes, and my brain can't sense it yet."

Isabella listened attentively and nodded, "The doctor means that if you persist with the treatment, there's a possibility of your legs recovering, right?"

She really was his little sunshine.

The doctor did say that.

Nolan looked at Isabella's shining eyes and nodded with a smile.

"That's great, Nolan, I believe in you, you will definitely be able to stand up again like before."

Isabella's face was full of trust and joy, and she suddenly thought of something, "Such great news, Nolan, have you told Grandpa Aiden? He would be so happy to know."

Aiden had been in frequent contact with her recently, concerned about her well-being and health, and sometimes talked about Nolan.

She could tell that Aiden was worried about Nolan moving to live at the school.

Especially now that the weather was cold, he was always worried about Nolan's legs getting cold or getting hurt.

Speaking of which, Isabella picked up her phone to call Aiden.

The next second, Nolan stopped her, "Isabella, don't call. The doctor only said there's a possibility, let's not get Grandpa's hopes up for nothing."

"How could it be for nothing? The doctor said there's a possibility, so it can definitely be cured."

Isabella didn't understand, but seeing Nolan's suddenly changed expression, she thought more, "Nolan, do you not want to tell Grandpa this good news?"

Nolan didn't say it directly, but the light in his eyes dimmed a bit, "What difference does it make if I tell him, he cares?"

Isabella opened her mouth, wanting to explain for Aiden, but was afraid of hurting Nolan's feelings.

She could only try to mediate their relationship, "Nolan, Grandpa does care about you, maybe he just doesn't know how to express it, which makes you misunderstand."

Nolan smiled bitterly, "Isabella, you've been in the Brown Family for a few years, do you think anyone in that family truly cares about me?"

Isabella was speechless.

Although she had only been married into the Brown Family for three years, she could see how low Nolan's status was in the family.

He wasn't even present at the annual gatherings, and no one cared.

In the whole family, only Aiden would mention Nolan, who was far away abroad, in front of her, while others completely ignored his name.

Seeing Isabella's silence, Nolan sighed deeply.

He took the phone from her hand and gently placed it on the table, "Isabella, I know you're doing this for my good, but I know my place in this family, so there's no need. Even if you make this call, it will only make things difficult for both sides."

Isabella didn't explain further.

She didn't know what kind of hardships Nolan had endured in the Brown Family, or how his relationship with Aiden had become like this.

She remembered that he returned to the country because of Aiden's illness, fearing he might never see Aiden again, which prompted the decision.

But now...

If he didn't want to talk about it, she couldn't force him.

"Nolan, I respect your choice. If you don't want to tell anyone, then this will be our secret. I will keep it for you."

Nolan slowly raised his head, the darkness in his eyes illuminated by Isabella's warmth, he smiled and nodded.

"Isabella, it's so good to have you."

As if guided by some unseen force, he reached out and held Isabella's hand, moving closer to her.

For so many years, she had been like the sun in the sky, lighting up his entire life and warming his painful past.

Isabella understood Nolan's feelings and didn't mind his actions.

But when their eyes met, she seemed to see the real Nolan hiding in the shadows, wanting to see him more clearly.

She wanted to know his true thoughts, but the more she tried to chase his shadow, the more she was drawn to him.

When she realized that the attraction she felt was actually Nolan's intense gaze, Isabella suddenly came to her senses.

No!

"Ms. Taylor, there's no tea at home to serve Mr. Brown, is lemon water okay?"

Cinda's voice pulled Isabella out of her thoughts.

She pretended to be calm and withdrew her hand, sitting back in her seat.

It was then that she realized how close they had been, almost kissing.

This was not the distance between friends.

She went too far.

"Nolan, do you want some lemon water?"

"Sure, anything is fine."

Realizing what had happened, Isabella called out to Cinda in the living room.

Then the two of them sat apart, but Isabella still felt something was off.

But Nolan didn't seem awkward at all, and even asked her considerately, "Isabella, are you feeling unwell?"

"No, I'm not unwell, maybe just a bit hot, I'll go to the bathroom."

Just as Cinda brought the lemon water, Isabella took the opportunity to leave.

Standing in the bathroom, she washed her face with cold water and took a deep breath in front of the mirror.

She never expected that the light in Nolan's eyes was directed at her.

She knew what that look meant, but how could it be?

He was Nolan, her long-time friend.

They were so close, like family, it was impossible for such feelings and sparks to arise.

She must be overthinking!

Nolan just saw her as a family member, a source of emotional support, which is why he felt grateful and happy when she said those words.

And now, being pregnant, her emotions were sensitive and changeable, leading to such misunderstandings.

Isabella slowly calmed herself down, thinking she really needed to control her pregnancy emotions better.

Even mistaking Nolan's intentions was simply absurd!

###chapter 256 The Unspoken Love

At the moment Isabella turned away, Nolan could no longer suppress his emotions and desires.

His hands tightly gripped the armrests of his wheelchair.

He admitted that he had deliberately taken the opportunity to hold Isabella's hand, but he never expected her to unconsciously lean towards him.

Just a little closer, and he could have kissed her.

Yes, he liked Isabella.

He had deeply loved her for a long time.

Because of her presence, his world had a bit more light and was no longer lifeless.

She was the only one who would unreservedly show him kindness and care, listen to every word he said, and respond.

She was unique in his heart.

No one could replace her.

But he was too cowardly, afraid that if he confessed his love, she would reject him and even completely distance herself from him.

So he buried his feelings deep in his heart, but later she fell hopelessly in love with Michael and married him.

And he forever lost the chance to be with her.

He thought he would never be with her in this lifetime, so he gave up the idea of returning to the country, thinking he would just silently protect her and watch her be happy.

But her divorce call reignited his desire to win her back.

Why did Michael get to have her and then not cherish her, making her suffer so much?

Why?

This time, he was determined to win her back.

Halfway through the lemon water, Isabella still hadn't returned, and Nolan couldn't help but worry.

Although he hadn't shown any discomfort during their intimate moment earlier, Isabella had visibly panicked.

He worried that if she realized his feelings, she might not be able to accept them and would avoid him.

Thinking of this, he suddenly felt anxious.

He needed to go check if she was cool with it.

So when he suggested walking around the house, Cinda didn't stop him.

He nodded and left the balcony.

Meanwhile, hiding in the bathroom, Isabella had just convinced herself that she was overthinking and was about to open the door when her phone rang in her coat pocket.

Seeing the number, Isabella quickly answered.

She asked the person on the other end, "How is it? Did you find Harper's location?"

Since returning from Glamour Oasis that day, Isabella had drawn a map of the place from memory and, fearing others wouldn't find it, had entrusted it to Shadow.

After a few days of no news, she thought they had encountered difficulties.

Unexpectedly, there was news today.

Shadow didn't disappoint and replied promptly, "Yes, we found it. I should have reported to you a couple of days ago, but we ran into some problems."

"What problems?"

Hearing they had found Harper, Isabella breathed a sigh of relief.

As expected, Shadow never failed to find someone.

Shadow explained over the phone, "I studied the map you gave me and found that the spaces didn't match up, and the layout was very clever. So I hacked into their internal system to figure out the corresponding locations."

"Where is Harper hiding?"

Isabella only cared about this.

"After my investigation, I found that the storage room at the end of the corridor has a large internal space with a hidden door. Harper is in a secret room behind this inconspicuous storage room."

"That's great."

She had been searching for Harper for so long, and he had finally been found.

Isabella didn't know how to thank Shadow enough.

"I owe you one for this. If you ever need anything, you can ask for my help. And really, thank you, Shadow."

"We're friends. You don't have to be so serious."

Shadow playfully suggested, "How about you agree to meet me in person? That's my only wish, Isabella."

"That's not happening!" Isabella decisively refused, "But I still want to thank you. Only you could have found Harper hidden in a storage room's secret room. My people would never have thought of such a place."

Otherwise, she wouldn't have gone to him first after drawing the map instead of letting her own people try.

She had to admit, the Wilson Family's bodyguards needed to improve their skills.

Being praised twice by Isabella, Shadow couldn't help but smile broadly.

"Don't say that. Harper hid too well. Who would have thought they would build a secret room and connect several doors just to hide one person? Even if you entered the storage room, you wouldn't notice anything unusual."

"So, it's not that your people are incompetent, but she is too meticulous."

Isabella understood that Shadow was indirectly praising his own skills.

She smiled and shook her head.

Shadow was still the same, loving to show off and be praised.

"In the end, without you, I wouldn't have found this person. Consider this a debt I owe you, and I'll repay it when I get the chance. I have a guest now, so I gotta go."

Thinking of Nolan waiting outside, Isabella quickly ended the call with Shadow.

Just as she was about to open the door, it opened by itself!

Isabella was startled.

She clearly remembered closing the door, so how did it open by itself?

Maybe she hadn't closed it properly.

Oh well, it was her own home, and no one would come in anyway.

Isabella didn't think much of it and walked out of the bathroom towards the balcony.

But Nolan was no longer on the balcony.

Even the cup of water and fruit plate in front of Nolan had been taken away.

The table was empty.

Isabella turned to Cinda and asked, "Cinda, where's Nolan? Where did he go?"

Cinda was washing something in the kitchen and quickly came over when she heard Isabella's call.

"Ms. Taylor, Mr. Brown has left. He said he had something urgent at school. I didn't dare to disturb you, so I didn't tell you. It's my fault; I should have informed you."

Cinda felt very regretful for not informing Isabella earlier.

These days, not many people came to talk to Isabella, and now that Nolan had come, he left early, leaving Isabella without a proper goodbye.

It was indeed a bit rude.

Seeing Cinda feeling guilty, Isabella felt helpless.

"Cinda, what are you saying? Nolan and I have been friends for years; we don't care about such things. I was just curious why he left suddenly, not blaming you."

She couldn't possibly blame Cinda for such a small matter.

"I'll call Nolan later. It's no big deal, don't worry about it. There's no need for formalities with me."

###chapter 257 Standing on the Opposite Side

Isabella comforted Cinda for a few moments.

Cinda finally breathed a sigh of relief, then brought a cup of honey water to Isabella, saying, "Drink some honey water. You're pregnant and it's good for your stomach."

Isabella reluctantly took it. An hour ago, she had teased Cinda for using the baby as an excuse to make her eat all kinds of fruits.

It hadn't been long before Cinda started targeting her directly, beginning her lecture mode.

Isabella sipped the water slowly, listening to Cinda quietly talk about Nolan.

"Ms. Taylor, don't you think Mr. Brown is really a pitiful person? He's so handsome, like a rich young man straight out of a TV show, but he just got his legs hurt."

"I say a man with such a good temperament, who speaks gently and is considerate, is the most suitable for you. They are brothers, why didn't you choose this Mr. Nolan Brown as your husband back then?"

Isabella paused in her drinking.

Cinda's words were something Isabella had thought about more than once.

Not to mention that she had known Nolan longer than Michael. If she had wanted to marry Nolan back then, she wouldn't be experiencing the current grievances and pain.

In the end, it was love that caused the trouble.

She had asked herself why it had to be Michael. Nolan was clearly gentler, understood her better, and even her thoughts didn't need to be spoken.

Nolan could understand with just a look.

Even their faces were about seventy to eighty percent similar.

One could say that choosing Nolan would have given her Michael's looks and Nolan's gentleness and consideration. Marrying Nolan, how could she not be happy?

But she had resolutely chosen Michael when faced with the choice.

Perhaps this was fate!

Even if she had to do it all over again, her choice might still be him.

Michael was her calamity.

She had to go through it herself, endure all the suffering and pain, before she would give up.

She admired Nolan, and they had a mutual understanding due to their similar backgrounds, but there was no feeling of a racing heartbeat.

So, they could be friends, even family.

But not lovers.

Liking someone was something that couldn't be hidden, and that was how she felt about Michael.

Even reaching the point of divorce, she never regretted her initial decision, because she knew that if she didn't end this relationship herself.

She would still be obsessed with him.

It was better to go through it once, to understand through the pain.

At night, a tall, upright figure stood under the faculty building of Evergreen City University. Evergreen City had already entered winter.

Although it hadn't started snowing yet, the temperature at night had dropped below freezing.

The sky outside darkened quickly, and there were hardly any people on the streets.

Yet the man stood downstairs, staring coldly in the direction of the intersection.

He was waiting for someone.

His brother, Nolan.

As time passed, he lit a cigarette, slowly exhaling, waiting for Nolan to appear.

Twenty minutes later, a white business car approached from the opposite side, its glaring headlights shining on Michael. The car braked.

The driver quickly got out, and before he could retrieve the wheelchair, he was startled by Michael standing not far away.

How could this person look so much like his employer, Nolan?

The only difference was that one was dressed in white, the other in black.

It was like a contrast, but their faces were very similar.

Realizing this, the driver quickly took the wheelchair from the trunk, moved Nolan from the car to the wheelchair, and was about to push him towards the dormitory building.

Nolan refused.

"You can go back, I can manage on my own."

He didn't want to appear like a cripple in front of Michael, needing help even to walk.

At that moment, Michael walked towards them.

Seeing this, the driver knew they had something to discuss, nodded, and quickly drove away.

"Where have you been?" Michael's first words were a question.

There were people watching Isabella, and the moment Nolan appeared, they reported to him.

But he had only just returned now. What had they talked about that took until night?

"Do we have to talk here? My room is just ahead, let's go inside first."

Nolan's voice was calm. Without waiting for Michael's response, he pushed his wheelchair forward.

Perhaps the wind was too strong at night, and on an uphill slope, despite using all his strength, the wheelchair moved forward slowly.

If he let go slightly, the wheelchair would slide back.

Just when he thought he was going to fall, a force firmly held the wheelchair and pushed it to the first floor.

From behind, it was Michael's cold face.

Before he could say thank you, Michael coldly rejected him, "No need, I just don't want to waste time!"

Nolan pressed his lips together. Perhaps this was their most common way of interacting.

They entered the door in silence.

Nolan untied his tie and buttons. After a busy day, he was very tired.

But he had to deal with Michael who had come to find him.

"Help yourself, there's bottled water on the table."

"No need, I'm here to talk to you, it won't take long."

Michael sat casually on a chair, his sharp eyes staring straight at Nolan.

Nolan wasn't a fool. He had just visited Isabella, and now Michael appeared in front of him. It must be related.

"Alright, go ahead." Nolan placed his coat aside and wheeled himself to face Michael, forming an opposing angle.

"Nolan, you should be clear about my relationship with Isabella. We haven't divorced!"

Michael no longer called Nolan brother, showing how deep his hostility was.

Nolan's eyes darkened, but he responded, "Yes, I know."

Michael coldly curled his lips, "And you know she's pregnant with my child?"

This time, Nolan was stunned.

He slowly unbuttoned his cuffs, trying to calm his emotions.

After a moment, he spoke, "Michael, what exactly do you want to say? Just say it, there's no need for this between us!"

"You can't guess what I wanna say? At this point, you still want to pretend you don't know?"

Michael's words became sharper, "As Isabella's elder, you repeatedly met her privately without her being divorced, and acted intimately with her."

"Nolan, aren't you afraid that these scandals will spread online and you'll be laughed at by everyone?"

He didn't understand what was going through Nolan's mind.

If he really liked Isabella, he should have acted years ago. Now that his legs were crippled, he wanted to win Isabella back?

Ignoring his warnings, he repeatedly met Isabella privately, even persuading her to get a new husband!

Did he really think his intentions were hidden so deeply that no one could see through them?

###chapter 258 No One Can Take Her Away

Michael's accusations were met with a highly sarcastic sneer.

Sitting in the wheelchair, Nolan no longer concealed his inner thoughts, "Michael, at the end of the day, you and Isabella are just one step away from divorce. What position and qualification do you have to come here and shout at me?"

As he spoke, he slowly rolled up his unbuttoned sleeve, revealing a section of the watch strap on his wrist.

As his wrist turned, the light hit the watch face, flashing a blinding light.

Michael was dazzled and instinctively looked over, only to see the watch on Nolan's hand.

It looked familiar, but he couldn't remember where he had seen it before.

But right now, he shouldn't be focusing on Nolan's watch, but on the words he just refuted.

What position and qualification did he have?

This sentence felt like a heavy stone pressing on Michael's chest.

Divorce had almost become the word Isabella mentioned every time she saw him, she was so eager to leave him.

Even though she was carrying his child.

Her determination to leave him remained firm.

But he wouldn't give up, nor would he let her go.

Michael's eyes tightened, "Qualification, huh? We have legal documents between us, even today Isabella is still my wife, the mother of my child."

"So what!" Before Michael could finish, Nolan interrupted him lightly. "Michael, besides these superficial things, have you ever given her everything she truly wanted? Do you understand what she thinks in her heart?"

At this point, he sneered, "Michael, my dear brother, from the moment you were born, your life was destined to be smooth. You had the love of Mom and Dad, the favoritism of Grandfather, but fortunately, God is fair and won't let you go smoothly for a lifetime."

Seeing Nolan's face like this for the first time, Michael squinted his eyes.

From an outsider's perspective, his life was indeed extremely smooth, born into such a wealthy family, and announced by Aiden as the most suitable family heir.

What others could only dream of, he had from birth.

But only he knew how difficult his journey had been.

Born into such a family, the consequences of not fighting were understood only by those within.

He didn't regret sitting in this position, only by truly holding power could he have a real voice.

Just as he was about to retort, Nolan's words pinned him in place.

"Michael, do you know where you truly lost?"

Seeing a flash of confusion in Michael's eyes, Nolan's lips curled into a smug smile.

"I guess you really want to know why Isabella insisted on marrying you back then?"

Michael's face changed dramatically.

In the early days of their marriage, he always saw Isabella as a vain country girl who married him at all costs for the Brown Family's wealth.

But later, when her identity as the daughter of the Wilson Family was revealed, she asked for a divorce, and then Nolan returned to the country.

If these two events weren't related, Isabella wouldn't be unwilling to see him now, while she allowed Nolan to freely enter and leave her house, even talking late into the night.

If he could deceive himself before, Nolan's question now clearly told him the person Isabella truly liked was Nolan.

Once the thought appeared, jealousy and hatred in Michael's heart grew wildly.

He always knew Isabella might have feelings for others, but her feelings for Nolan were different.

A kind of feeling he couldn't intervene in.

He almost instinctively clenched his fists, barely restraining his urge to act.

He asked hoarsely, "You think she likes you, but why did she marry me?"

He still didn't believe it.

If Isabella didn't have feelings for him, she wouldn't have chosen him back then.

In these three years, no matter how excessive he was to her, no matter what harsh words he said, she never thought of leaving him.

How did she change as soon as Nolan returned?

Hearing this question, Nolan directly said, "If I had been there at the time, do you think she would have married you?"

"Michael, no matter how you disguise it, the person Isabella likes has always been me. She married you because of your face that resembles mine. You are the 'third party' who intervened in our relationship!"

Michael was stunned for a moment.

Indeed, it was after Nolan left that Isabella married into the Brown Family at all costs.

At that time, he only thought Isabella's love for him came too suddenly, but now thinking about it, everything seemed to make sense.

No wonder she often stared at his face in a daze, she was looking at Nolan through him.

This truth was a devastating blow to Michael, who had just discovered his feelings.

He couldn't believe it.

Isabella married him because of his face that resembled Nolan's?

Thinking of her indifference to him and her tolerance and coquettishness to Nolan made his heart ache.

After a while, he barely suppressed his pain, raised his head, his eyes bloodshot.

At this moment, Nolan had already approached Michael, and Michael unhesitatingly grabbed his collar.

Gritting his teeth, he questioned, "You told me this because you want to take her away from me?"

"That's right!" Nolan calmly admitted his thoughts.

He had already lost Isabella once, this time, he wanted to take back the Isabella he liked.

"Michael, you know how you treated her in these three years, you hurt her so deeply, I can't give her back to you."

"How dare you!" Michael was so provoked by his last sentence that veins bulged on his forehead, he tightly grabbed Nolan's collar, "She is my wife, you can't just take her away."

"Nolan, who do you think you are! From childhood to now, what have you ever won against me, the position of heir belongs to me, and so does Isabella!"

She was his.

No one could take her away.

Even if they liked each other, what about him, who thought about his feelings?

Isabella was his wife, Nolan was his brother, they liked each other but treated him as a sacrifice, why!

"Stop dreaming of taking Isabella back!" Michael sneered, as long as he didn't agree, they could never be together.

"Even if Isabella had feelings for you at first, so what, I am the one who married her, I am the husband who lived with her for three years. How do you know she has no feelings for me, if she didn't like me, how did we have a baby?"

###chapter 259 Self-Deception

That was right. It must be like this.

Just like how he was initially dissatisfied and resistant to this marriage, but in the end, he still fell in love with Isabella.

He even did things he had never done before just to keep her.

Nolan, however, felt that Michael was just making weak excuses.

Exactly, how could someone as high and mighty as him tolerate his wife Isabella loving someone else?

"You say Isabella might like you, where's the evidence?" Nolan found the current Michael quite laughable, yet Michael still wanted to prove his innocence by finding evidence of Isabella's love for him.

"The baby in her belly is the evidence. If she had no feelings for me, would she be willing to keep this baby?"

"Ridiculous!" Nolan pushed him away, keeping a distance.

With a mocking tone, he said, "Michael, do you even believe the words you're saying?"

Before Michael could speak, Nolan cut him off.

"Do you really not know why she keeps this baby?"

"If it weren't for Daniel's fragile health, you and Isabella would probably no longer be married!"

"Michael, my dear brother, at this point, are you still going to continue deceiving yourself?"

The sarcasm was palpable.

Michael couldn't refute a single word.

Isabella had agreed to have a child with him because of Daniel, not because of him.

Nolan was right. If it weren't for Daniel's illness, Isabella might have left him long ago.

She wouldn't hesitate for a second.

Michael didn't remember how he left Nolan's place. By the time he came to his senses, he was already sitting back in his car.

But Nolan's words were like needles, piercing his heart.

They exposed all the things he least wanted to face.

Isabella had married the wrong person, and he had lost his heart during this time.

Her recent determination to separate from him was probably because she had long confirmed her feelings for Nolan, while he couldn't let go of his feelings for her.

He couldn't let her go.

It turned out that the real loser was him.

Meanwhile, Nolan wasn't as carefree and unrestrained as he had imagined.

On the contrary, after he and Michael had laid everything out, his emotions were in turmoil.

He took a drink from the fridge and gulped it down.

For a moment, his heart felt at peace.

As his thoughts returned, he couldn't help but tighten his grip on the cold drink.

What had he just done?

He had actually said those things to Michael?

But why did he feel an inexplicable sense of guilt? It was Michael who had wronged Isabella, it was Michael who had taken everything that originally belonged to him.

Seeing Michael's despondent look, he should have felt satisfied.

Why did his heart feel so heavy?

God was really unfair.

He admitted that his identity was disgraceful, a bastard who had lived outside for years before being brought back to the Brown Family. Who would really care?

But why did Michael get to have everything? They shared the same father, yet he had to endure being despised from a young age, unable to even protect his mother, Ciara Faith.

He could only watch as Ciara died under mysterious circumstances, and his father didn't even give an explanation, just told him to behave at home and not cause trouble, or he would be thrown out again.

Yet his father turned around and found a new woman, forgetting all about Ciara and him.

From then on, he had no support in the Brown Family and had to live independently.

Later, he met Isabella in Georges' piano class. They practiced piano together, explored the joys of music together, and quickly became friends.

But he had fallen deeply in love with Isabella.

At that time, he had thought that he must keep her by his side, even if it meant paying any price, even if it meant leaving the Brown Family.

But after that, Isabella came to Aiden with a marriage contract, asking to marry Michael.

He didn't understand.

Why did she like Michael, who looked so much like him, when he was the one who knew her first?

What did that make him?

During the time Isabella pursued Michael, he listened to her talk about everything related to Michael, his preferences, his personality.

But she didn't see the loneliness and hurt in his eyes.

He thought, if this was what she wanted, he would willingly step aside and let them be together.

But what did Michael do? He hurt her, making Isabella a laughingstock in their circle for three years.

Isabella was the woman he loved deeply, he couldn't bear to see her hurt anymore, so he wanted to take Isabella back.

What was wrong with that?

If there was any fault, it was all Michael's fault.

It was because of him that he had agreed to the marriage despite not liking Isabella, and then neglected her after the wedding.

The worst thing he did was make her pregnant with his child!

That bastard was now the biggest obstacle to him being with Isabella.

If he had known about their agreement earlier, he would never have let Isabella get pregnant with Michael's child. Michael didn't deserve it!

The next morning, at Glamour Oasis.

Harper, dressed in high-end brand clothing, sat on the sofa, listening to the news brought back by the people she had sent out, her face growing more worried by the minute.

To regain her freedom sooner and help Bianca successfully marry into the Brown Family, she had promised to make Isabella miscarry.

But the information she had gathered made things extremely difficult.

Since becoming pregnant, Isabella had been staying in her villa, rarely going out.

And her residence was not a place ordinary people could enter.

Even if she had a way, it would be useless if she couldn't get close to Isabella.

The only time Isabella had gone out was to get a beauty card here, and she hadn't noticed it at the time, wasting a good opportunity to get rid of that bastard.

And her current identity couldn't be exposed, so she had to rely on Bianca, who was close to Michael.

Thinking of this, Harper hurriedly called Violet.

At this moment, Violet had just arrived at the company and headed straight for Michael's office.

He wasn't at his desk but was asleep in the lounge.

It was clear he hadn't left the night before.

Seeing no one around, Violet had an idea. She quietly approached and started to undo Michael's tie, ready to continue unbuttoning his shirt when Harper called.

Afraid of waking Michael, Violet quickly covered the phone and walked out.

She went to the bathroom and, suppressing her anger, said, "Mom, why are you calling so early? You almost ruined my plan, you know?"

God knew how long she had waited for this opportunity.

Michael was sleeping soundly, and Aaron wasn't around.

As long as she took the chance to seduce Michael and they had sex, everything would be settled.

But Harper's call had interrupted her at the worst possible moment.

###chapter 260 A Very Temperamental Assistant

Hearing Bianca's anxious voice on the phone, Harper realized she had forgotten to check the time. This was the best opportunity for Bianca to win over Michael.

But right now, she was also in a hurry to deal with Isabella and didn't have time to explain further.

"Bianca, I'll be straight with you. The person you arranged for me couldn't find any more information about Isabella, and she's hiding in the villa and won't come out. And I can't go out. Think of a way to get that bitch Isabella out, and I'll take care of her!"

"Isn't she almost three months pregnant? If I go hard on her, not only will that bastard child not survive, but who knows if Isabella will die along with it."

Harper's plan was exactly what Violet wanted.

She couldn't wait for Isabella and that bastard child to disappear together.

That way, she could have Michael and enjoy everything the Brown Family had to offer without any worries.

If it weren't for Isabella, how could Michael have sent her abroad to endure all that suffering, and even when she returned, she had to use someone else's face.

It was Isabella who caused her to end up like this.

It also caused her family to be forcibly separated, and Harper had to hide in the shadows, unable to see anyone.

So, she wanted Isabella dead more than anyone else.

She had to make Isabella pay for everything she had done.

"Alright, I know what to do, Mom. Just wait for the news."

Violet agreed immediately, and thinking about how Isabella would soon lose her child, she couldn't help but smile.

Thinking about Michael waiting for her in the lounge, Violet quickly said a few words to Harper and hung up the phone.

When she quickly returned to the office, she suddenly saw Aaron standing outside the lounge door.

Violet was furious.

Was Aaron deliberately trying to go against her?

Why was he everywhere she went? Did he have to follow Michael even when he was sleeping?

When she found the opportunity, she would fire him immediately.

Even though she was seething with anger, Violet still maintained a polite demeanor, "Aaron, you're here early?"

As she spoke, she discreetly moved towards the lounge. She didn't believe that Aaron, just an assistant, would really dare to stop her.

"Good morning, Ms. Cooper."

Aaron nodded slightly, his face expressionless, but his body was like a wall blocking Violet's way.

"Aaron, what do you mean by this? Are you trying to stop me?"

Violet pretended not to understand, raising an eyebrow and putting on an air of authority.

"Ms. Cooper, Mr. Brown doesn't like to be disturbed while he's resting. It's better if you don't go in."

Aaron stood still, not giving Violet any chance to enter.

Violet bit her lip and raised the thermos cup in her hand, speaking softly, "I'm just bringing him some water. I won't disturb him, Aaron, you can rest assured."

As she raised her hand to touch the door handle, Aaron, knowing the truth, couldn't possibly let her in.

If Michael found out Aaron let her in, it would be the end of him!

"Ms. Cooper, Mr. Brown doesn't have the habit of drinking water while he's asleep. Please don't make things difficult for me as an assistant."

"Of course, if Mr. Brown wakes up and wants water, I will inform you immediately."

After discovering that Violet was the former "Bianca," Michael had instructed him to never let Violet get an opportunity.

Not even in the company.

He didn't know what Violet had done before he arrived, but now that he was here, he couldn't let Violet get close to Michael.

"Aaron, do you think I'm not qualified to enter Michael's lounge?"

Violet sneered, "Don't forget, my identity was personally acknowledged by Michael. You've seen how much he likes me. In the near future, I will be the mistress of the Brown Family. If you dare to go against me like this, do you not want this job anymore?"

Aaron, a mere assistant, dared to show her attitude. Violet wished she could fire him right now and make him disappear from her sight completely.

But these words might work on others, but to Aaron, they were like air.

After all, he only took orders from Michael. What others said had no power over him.

He stood there calmly, hands behind his back, and spoke lightly, "Ms. Cooper, I need to remind you of a few things."

"First, Mr. Brown has not yet divorced the current Mrs. Brown. Your future is not certain, and your current identity is that of an intern at the company, while I am your superior."

"Second, I have been by Mr. Brown's side for many years and understand his character and way of doing things. He might fire me for my lack of ability, but if it's just because of your words, it's almost impossible."

"Lastly, as Mr. Brown's special assistant, I have the responsibility to manage and take care of his daily life. If you insist on causing trouble here and make Mr. Brown unhappy, you will bear the consequences."

Aaron had been in this position for several years, so he must have some real skills.

Not everyone could be the special assistant to the president, especially Michael's assistant.

It required a keen sense and loyalty to Michael that ordinary people didn't have.

Listening to Aaron, an assistant, describe her as an unreasonable shrew, Violet's face turned pale with anger. "Who do you think you are to criticize me!"

Violet panted heavily, about to step forward and push Aaron away, but the thermos cup in her hand suddenly slipped, making a loud, piercing noise as it hit the ground.

Looking at the mess of water on the floor, it should have been cleaned up by the person who spilled it.

But Violet was now displeased with Aaron, and with her current status, Michael wouldn't let her do such a small task.

So she took a step back, shook the water off her wrist, and looked at Aaron with a mocking gaze.

"Aaron, didn't you just say you would take care of all aspects of Michael's life? Now that the water is spilled, isn't it your duty as an assistant to clean it up?"

Violet crossed her arms, looking down on him.

However, Aaron calmly nodded, "Of course, Ms. Cooper, please step back, and I'll handle it."

Violet squinted her eyes, a mocking smile on her lips.

Aaron, a mere assistant, dared to challenge her.

She walked to the sofa in her high heels, sat down, and raised her proud chin, waiting to see Aaron make a fool of himself.

After all, he had just lectured her.

Did he even know his place?

But in the next second, Aaron's actions made Violet's eyes widen.

He directly made a phone call in front of her, "Maintenance? Send someone to the president's office to clean up. Make sure they're quick."

She had asked him to solve the problem, and this assistant had quite the temper. Calling someone to clean up a bit of water?

###chapter 261 Guess, Who Will He Side With?

Violet couldn't stand this kind of treatment and immediately accused Aaron angrily.

"Aaron, don't you understand what I'm saying? I told you to squat down and clean it up, not to ask someone else to do it! You're an assistant, and you're paid to do these things, aren't you?"

Aaron calmly explained, "Ms. Cooper, I think you have misunderstood my duties. My job is to convey Mr. Brown's daily instructions and ensure they are carried out step by step."

"Now that there's a hygiene issue in Mr. Brown's office, and the company has dedicated cleaning staff, where did I go wrong by asking them to come over?"

Aaron even looked "innocent."

He was Michael's chief assistant, not an intern doing these chores.

Oh, he almost forgot, the Violet in front of him was the real intern.

But Violet had transformed into Michael's "favorite."

"Where did you go wrong? It's wrong for you to talk back to me!"

Violet was furious and decided to drop the pretense. She pointed at the water stains on the floor and ordered, "No one else can do it today. I want you to clean it up. Do you understand?"

Even with Aaron's good temper, he couldn't help but show a dark expression at Violet's commanding tone.

In the company, no one dared to speak to him like this except Michael.

Even Isabella wouldn't trouble him with such trivial matters.

Now, comparing the two, it was clear who was more suitable to be Michael's wife.

He didn't understand what Michael saw in Bianca back then. She was full of schemes and couldn't compare to Isabella.

Seeing Aaron standing still, Violet brought up Michael, "Aaron, what if it was Mr. Brown giving you the order now? Wouldn't you squat down and clean it up? Why is it different when I say it?"

"If you don't do as I say now, I'll tell Michael everything about how you picked on me when he wakes up. Who do you think he'll side with?"

At some point, the previously closed door of the lounge suddenly opened.

A deep, hoarse male voice sounded behind them. "You picked on my assistant and expect me to side with you? Where do you get the nerve!"

Violet and Aaron turned around simultaneously to see Michael standing by the door with a dark expression.

Michael had been woken up by the noise when Violet dropped the cup.

But his head hurt too much, and hearing Aaron outside, he didn't get up. Who knew Violet would go too far, taking advantage of his "special" treatment of her to boss Aaron around.

She even wanted Aaron to be her servant?

The noise made his headache worse, and he couldn't stand it anymore. He got up and opened the door, only to hear Violet threatening Aaron.

He had been too good to her! That was why she dared to act so wilfully.

Seeing this, Aaron wisely lowered his head and remained silent.

Violet, however, was frightened by Michael's question and turned pale.

Realizing that Michael had heard everything she said, she quickly tried to calm him down, ignoring Aaron beside her.

She lowered her stance and acted coquettishly, "Michael, it's my fault for not knowing you were awake and disturbing you. You don't look well. Why don't you rest a bit more?"

Hearing this, Michael's expression darkened further.

"You think I can rest with all this noise? This is an office, not a market!"

Last night, after leaving Nolan's place, he didn't feel like returning to the marital home he shared with Isabella, so he came back to the office.

Every time he closed his eyes, he saw Isabella demanding a divorce, making it hard for him to sleep.

He finally fell asleep in the early morning, only to be woken up by their noise.

Hearing this, Aaron dared not speak.

Violet, however, saw an opportunity and tugged at Michael's clothes, apologizing softly.

"It's all my fault. I didn't know I would disturb your sleep. How about I accompany you back to the lounge to rest a bit more?"

She wanted to show Aaron her high status with Michael.

But today, for the first time, Michael was not kind to her, "With all this noise, how can I sleep?"

He pushed her hand away, walked to the sofa, and sat down, coldly sweeping his gaze over the two standing in front of him.

"Tell me, what were you arguing about?"

He didn't want to deal with these trivial matters but needed to stop Violet from thinking she could enter his lounge.

This was the office. If she succeeded, how could he explain it to Isabella?

Hearing Michael's question, Violet instinctively glanced at Aaron. Remembering Michael's anger when he opened the door, she decided to speak first.

Even if Aaron wanted to blame her, would Michael believe him?

Of course, it would be even better if Michael fired him.

Thinking this, she quickly walked to the sofa, her eyes red as she looked at Michael, "Michael, it's not what you think. I was just worried about you and wanted to bring you some water, but Aaron insisted on stopping me."

Michael raised an eyebrow and asked, "And then you threw the cup at him?"

Although he hadn't come out, he could hear the conversation outside.

"No, I didn't throw the cup. It accidentally fell."

Violet bit her lip, looking like she was about to cry, afraid Michael would misunderstand, and explained through sobs.

"Michael, I know it's my fault. Please don't be mad at me. It's all my fault. I wanted to bring you water but couldn't even hold the cup properly and woke you up."

As she spoke, tears fell from Violet's eyes.

With her pitiful appearance, what man wouldn't be moved?

Unfortunately, the only people in the office were Michael and Aaron, who already knew Violet's true nature.

They were tired of her tricks.

If she wasn't still useful, Michael would have kicked her out long ago.

"It's just a cup, and you two managed to argue over it. It's ridiculous!"

Michael frowned and dismissed Violet, then looked at Aaron, who stood silently.

Aaron immediately responded, "Mr. Brown, you're right. I was wrong too. I shouldn't have spoken harshly to Ms. Cooper over such a small matter. Mr. Brown, I am willing to accept punishment."

"To show my apology to Ms. Cooper, I will buy an identical cup to replace it. Please forgive my oversight, Ms. Cooper. I will make sure to improve. Mr. Brown, what do you think?"

"Okay," Michael responded lightly.

No wonder the position of chief assistant was his. Over the years, Aaron understood him best.

But in front of Violet, Michael put on a show, "What do you think? Are you satisfied with this way of handling him?"

###chapter 262 Birthday

She was originally worried that Michael would blame her, but now that Aaron had taken all the responsibility, Violet naturally wouldn't say anything more.

She had underestimated Aaron's cunning.

She didn't expect him to be so tolerant.

He didn't complain about her in front of Michael?

But for now, she could only focus on Michael and wait for the right moment to deal with Aaron.

"Michael, what are you talking about? I'm not such a petty person that I would make Aaron compensate me for a cup. As long as you're not mad at me."

Violet took the opportunity to present herself as a sweet and obedient person.

She knew very well what kind of woman men liked. As long as she used some tactics, she wasn't afraid of not getting Michael.

"As long as you're happy, I have nothing to be angry about."

Michael deliberately said this for Violet to hear.

Usually, a small warning was fine, but he couldn't really anger Violet.

After all, the mysterious family behind Violet had not yet shown themselves, and he needed to continue this act.

After a while, the logistics team came to clean up the mess on the floor.

Michael also changed his clothes and tidied himself up in front of the mirror before coming out of the lounge.

Last time, Isabella had said he looked bad and complained that he hadn't shaved properly. He remembered this and always paid attention to his image management.

As soon as he sat down in the chair at his desk, Violet came over.

She looked at the dark circles under his eyes with concern, "Michael, have you been worried about something lately? You look so pale."

"It's nothing." Michael gently brushed away her hand that was about to touch him and opened a file in front of him.

But thinking about what Nolan had said to him last night, his heart couldn't help but ache.

At that time, he had indeed used Daniel's illness to force Isabella into a relationship with him, and she was pregnant as he wished.

But he never expected that Isabella wouldn't have any attachment to him.

She had prepared a birth agreement early on to sever ties with him.

Now she was back with Nolan, and she liked Nolan so much that they might not be able to wait until their divorce to be together.

But he was still unwilling.

That was his wife and baby. Why should Nolan take them away?

Yes, he hadn't recognized his feelings at first and only saw Isabella as an order from Aiden, but now he regretted it and wanted to win her back.

But Isabella had clearly realized that she had married the wrong person.

Her thoughts had returned to Nolan.

They had missed the best three years, and in the end, they were still heading towards separation?

But his expression fell into Violet's eyes, and she couldn't help but think of Michael mentioning Aiden calling him back to the Brown Villa a few days ago.

Could it be that Michael had already told the Brown Family about her, which was why he had been in a bad mood these past few days?

Aiden had always been prejudiced against her, so it made sense that he wouldn't agree.

But she didn't care. As long as Isabella's illegitimate child was gone, the Brown Family would naturally shift their attention to her.

So he had been worrying about their future all along.

She had misunderstood him.

Violet thought of a brilliant idea.

"Michael, I remember your birthday is in a few days. This birthday is very special because it's our first birthday together. I want to make it special."

If she could take this opportunity to have a romantic trip with Michael, she didn't believe he wouldn't have feelings for her.

The idea flashed through her mind, and Violet imagined the two of them traveling alone.

"How about we go out to sea? I heard that watching the snow on the sea is a unique experience. I want to experience it with you."

At that time, there would only be the two of them on the yacht, and whatever she did would be a romantic gesture between lovers.

Maybe Michael would like her more in that aspect.

And going out to sea would eliminate any unrelated people, allowing her to fully implement her plan.

"We'll see. There's still time, and there might be changes by then."

Watching the snow on the sea was indeed a good idea, but he wanted Isabella by his side, not Violet.

But he didn't directly refuse, at least giving Violet some hope.

That way, she wouldn't keep pestering him.

But once his thoughts opened up, they were unstoppable.

Since the last hurried goodbye in the car, he found himself wanting to see Isabella more and more.

Whenever he had free time, he would wonder what she was doing.

Was the baby in her belly okay?

That day, he had touched her swollen belly. It had only been three months, but he felt the budding life inside.

That was his and Isabella's child.

At that moment, he felt the responsibility of being a father.

Thinking about the child's birth, he wanted to teach him to talk, walk, and even give him everything he had.

Every time he had these thoughts, he desperately wanted to be by their side.

But it always ended in a helpless sigh.

What Michael didn't notice was that his actions were all observed by Aaron.

Having been by Michael's side for several years, Aaron was well aware of his emotions.

There were some things Michael couldn't say in front of Violet, but Aaron could see that Michael was hiding something.

"Mr. Brown, I have an idea. Your private yacht is so big, it would be too dull if it was just you and Ms. Cooper. Why not invite more people to your birthday party? It would be more lively."

Aaron intentionally gave a hint, guessing that Michael would understand his intention.

But Violet was unhappy with this suggestion.

The idea was hers, and she only wanted to go out to sea alone with Michael, enjoying their time together. But Aaron had to interfere at this moment.

Michael raised an eyebrow and handed the decision to Violet, "What do you think?"

"Michael, I just want..."

But facing Michael's deep eyes, Violet couldn't say the words of refusal. She didn't want him to think she was a selfish person.

Seeing this, Michael took the decision.

He instructed Aaron, "Alright, let's do as you suggested. The more people, the merrier. Invite as many people as possible."

Aaron knew Michael's thoughts and immediately asked, "Mr. Brown, since it's such a big occasion, should we invite Mrs. Brown as well? Otherwise, the media might start rumors."

Michael's expression remained unchanged, and he nodded slightly after a moment of hesitation, "Yes, invite her as well. Isabella, as my wife, should attend my birthday."

"Okay, Mr. Brown, I'll take care of it."

Aaron blinked and was about to leave when Violet suddenly stopped him, "No! Michael, didn't you say you had no feelings for her? Why invite her to your birthday? What about me?"

###chapter 263 Should Not Doubt Your Sincerity

Violet started to cry out in grievance, "Do you like her? Were you lying to me when you said you were going to divorce her?"

"I was the one who suggested going on the cruise for your birthday, but you didn't seem interested. But as soon as Isabella is mentioned, you act differently."

As she spoke, Violet wiped away her tears, complaining about Michael's infidelity.

"I care about you so much, but you want to bring Isabella around. Who do you really like?"

Seeing Violet crying and making a scene, Aaron got goosebumps all over.

Only Michael could tolerate this. If it were him, he would have exposed everything long ago.

However, in his impression, Michael wasn't good at acting. It was obvious to anyone that Michael was just going through the motions with Violet, but Violet was completely immersed in it.

She didn't notice anything wrong.

But this time, who knew if Michael could smooth things over? If Violet caught on to something, it would be hard to handle.

"Stop making a scene. Can't you see who I really like?"

Michael suddenly scolded her sternly, looking at Violet with a mix of helplessness and dissatisfaction.

"Think about it. These days, besides being with you, who else have I seen? It's just a small matter, and you make such a fuss!"

Violet was stunned for a moment.

Michael had always been gentle with her these days and had never spoken to her so seriously.

She was scared, but the doubts in her mind remained.

"But on your birthday, shouldn't it be just me with you? Why invite Isabella? How can we be together?"

Violet wished Isabella and her unborn child would disappear. Seeing her at Michael's birthday party was torture.

It was like announcing to everyone that she was a mistress, an illegitimate identity.

But Michael gave another explanation, "If she comes, we can be together openly. Don't you want her to see how happy you are by my side? It will also show everyone who I, Michael, truly love. I've said this much, and you're still jealous?"

Michael asked softly with a smile, and Violet's expression changed immediately.

She grabbed his arm and apologized softly, "Michael, it's my fault. I shouldn't have doubted your sincerity."

Violet was deeply moved and believed Michael's words without question.

But Michael pushed her away with a hurt expression, "If you don't believe me, then stay away from me."

"I believe you, I do." Violet clung to his arm, pouting and begging for forgiveness, "I'll listen to you from now on. I'll do whatever you say."

Aaron, watching from the side, was stunned.

Michael's skills were truly impressive; he had to admit it.

At the same time, he was eagerly anticipating the birthday party, wondering how Michael would handle both Isabella and Violet.

If Isabella and Violet ran into each other, the scene would be even more thrilling.

He couldn't wait to see it.

Taking advantage of Michael comforting Violet, Aaron gave Michael a look and quietly left the office.

Since it was a task personally assigned by Michael, Aaron immediately called Isabella as soon as he stepped out.

At that moment, Isabella was in the study on the second floor composing a song for Olivia.

She had promised Olivia last time, but various things had delayed it. Today, she had some inspiration and told Cinda not to disturb her.

When she finally finished her work and stretched, it was already three in the afternoon.

She picked up her phone to check for any missed messages.

She saw a missed call from Aaron at noon.

Isabella frowned in confusion.

Why was Aaron calling her at this time?

She called back and heard Aaron's excited voice, "Mrs. Brown, you finally returned my call."

Isabella was surprised, thinking she had dialed the wrong number. She checked the contact and confirmed it was correct before asking.

"Aaron, what's the matter?"

Aaron had been with Michael for many years and was always very measured in his actions. He must have a reason for calling her.

And it was undoubtedly related to Michael.

Regardless of their current estrangement, they were still married in name, and she had to inquire about any issues.

"Mrs. Brown, Mr. Brown's birthday is in a few days. He suggested celebrating it on his private yacht this year and specifically asked me to invite you. You must come."

Birthday?

Isabella was momentarily stunned. She checked the date on her phone and realized it was coming up.

But why would Michael specifically invite her to his birthday?

"Has Michael lost his mind? Inviting me to his birthday, isn't he afraid I'll ruin it?"

In fact, she didn't want to go.

But Aaron had his orders. Others didn't matter, but Isabella had to be there.

So no matter what Isabella said, he would relay the message.

"Mrs. Brown, how could you ruin it? You and Mr. Brown are the legitimate couple. If you don't attend his birthday, it would seem strange."

"Mr. Brown insisted you come. On such a special day, if you don't show up, Mr. Brown would lose face. You know how much he values these things."

Isabella was a bit confused.

She unconsciously agreed, then realized the trap in Aaron's words.

He made it impossible for her to refuse.

It didn't matter if Michael's dignity was hurt, but she couldn't let the Wilson Family's image be tarnished. She couldn't let Daniel see any flaws.

Thinking of this, she asked Aaron, "Send me the location and time."

After hanging up, Isabella couldn't help but recall the three years of her marriage to Michael.

She had once eagerly prepared a birthday surprise for him.

She waited for him to come home to blow out the candles and give him the birthday gift she had carefully prepared.

But all she got was a phone call, "Bianca is not feeling well. I won't be coming home tonight."

Then he hung up, not giving her a chance to say a word.

After that, she saw the true nature of their marriage.

For the next two years, Michael spent his birthdays with friends, not even notifying her.

The gift she had prepared remained undelivered.

This time, it might be the last birthday party while they were still married.

Giving him the gift that was originally his, she would have no more regrets.

Once Daniel recovered, it would be time for their divorce.

Ending things amicably, without disputes, would be best for both of them.

With that in mind, she told Cinda and drove to a quiet old neighborhood in the city.

###chapter 264 Sincerity

On the top floor here, there was a small house that belonged to her.

The space inside was not large, making it very convenient for her to live alone.

This place was where she stored her personal belongings, and during the three years of her marriage, she would occasionally come here when she felt really bored.

At that time, even though she had married into the Brown Family, she always felt that it wasn't her real home.

Even Elysian Heights Estate felt incredibly cold and empty without Michael's presence.

So, she set up this cozy little place for herself outside, filled with all sorts of things that belonged to her, which made her feel very at ease when she saw them.

Opening the bedroom door, there were three beautifully wrapped gift boxes on the table inside.

They were the birthday gifts she had prepared for Michael over the past three years.

Unfortunately, she never got to give them to him.

Perhaps from the first year when she didn't wait for him to come back, she never got to attend his birthday after that.

Back then, Michael intentionally avoided her, so how could he let her attend his birthday party?

But on his birthday each year during their three years of marriage, she would carefully choose a gift and place it here.

It seemed that just by looking at these, she could imagine his expression when he received the gifts.

But in reality, Michael not only wouldn't look forward to her birthday gifts, he wouldn't even spare her a glance.

Because of the time, a thin layer of dust had already settled on the gift boxes.

Inside, there was a limited edition watch, a pair of gemstone cufflinks, and a pair of rings symbolizing eternal togetherness that she had accidentally seen in a store.

Looking at these things inside, Isabella couldn't help but tear up.

She had promised herself not to shed another tear for him.

She took a deep breath to suppress the bitterness in her heart.

Ever since Michael did that thing to her in the car, she had secretly vowed never to soften her heart towards him again.

Since he had invited her to his birthday party, she might as well take this opportunity to give these things to him.

Otherwise, even if these things stayed, they would no longer hold their original meaning.

It would be a way to put an end to their three years of marriage.

But while these things could be given away, when would the obsession in her heart dissipate?

On the other side, Violet, who had heard Michael personally say he liked her, couldn't wait to flaunt her love in front of Isabella.

Although she hadn't married into the Brown Family to become Mrs. Brown yet, Michael had already admitted that she was the one he liked.

Now, all that was left was for Michael and Isabella to divorce, and she could openly have Michael.

Then she would be the most noble and happiest woman in Evergreen City.

Thinking of this, Violet was overjoyed and once again threw herself into Michael's arms, holding his arm tightly.

Only by feeling his body heat could she truly believe that all of this was real.

If it had been before, Bianca would have been kicked out of the company by Michael for being so blatant.

But now she was "Violet," and he couldn't afford to upset her.

Michael's eyes darkened, and he pretended to be concerned as he pulled Violet out of his arms, gently asking, "Why are you so clingy? If you're not feeling well, let Aaron take you to the hospital?"

Seeing the sudden distance between them, Violet felt a pang of reluctance. Only she knew how much she wanted to just hold him and cling to him, not wanting to do anything else.

But she also knew that Michael valued his work and hated being disturbed during work hours.

If it had been before, she would have been sternly driven away for causing such a scene in front of him.

Now, he didn't even say a harsh word, which was enough to prove how important she was in his heart.

Afraid that Michael would really send her away, Violet decided to voice her thoughts.

"Michael, I just thought that given your relationship with Isabella, if we just let Aaron make a random call, it might seem too insincere. What if Isabella refuses to come?"

The words "refuses to come" successfully caught Michael's attention.

The last time Isabella saw him, it was for less than ten minutes. It was indeed possible that she might not come to his birthday party.

But these words coming from Violet's mouth seemed a bit scheming.

Michael didn't point it out and instead asked, "In your opinion, what should we do to make sure she comes?"

"Since Isabella is still your wife, you should be the one to call. This way, it shows our sincerity and doesn't leave any room for gossip. Isn't that the best of both worlds?"

Violet didn't mention her own thoughts from beginning to end, but how could Michael not see through her schemes?

He curled his lips, "You mean to show my sincerity, I should personally call Isabella to invite her?"

Michael didn't want to, but Aaron had already contacted Isabella. If he called now, it would seem too deliberate.

"Michael, if you find it inconvenient, I can do it for you. I'll call Isabella, and it will be like helping you with your duties."

Violet blinked her eyes, looking sincere.

She had been waiting for Michael to say this.

Calling Isabella as Michael's current girlfriend would be a way for Violet to vent her anger. Moreover, if Violet invited Isabella and she refused to come, it would be her own fault.

Why should Isabella, a former wife, interfere with her and Michael's world?

Michael suppressed the sarcasm in his eyes.

If he could, he would have driven Violet away long ago. How could he let her and Isabella attend his birthday party together?

"You make the call? I can't even handle Isabella's fiery temper. Aren't you afraid?"

Michael spoke lightly, not only rejecting Violet's suggestion but also directly dismissing her little scheme.

"Leave these small matters to Aaron. You don't need to trouble yourself."

As he said this, he looked deeply at Violet, but in Violet's eyes, it was Michael showing concern for her.

Her heart warmed, and she tightly held his hand, shyly nodding, "Okay, whatever you say."

Seeing this, Michael no longer paid attention to her and focused back on his documents.

At this moment, Violet took the opportunity to secretly take a photo of their intertwined fingers. Although Michael quickly withdrew his hand, she saved the ambiguous photo.

Then she sent it to Isabella.

How could she be so obedient? Since Michael didn't want her to intervene openly, she would give Isabella a "surprise" in secret.

When Isabella saw this photo, she would understand what it meant.

Since Michael didn't want her to call Isabella, she would wait for Isabella to call her.

As long as she achieved her goal, what did a little trick matter?

The Michael that Violet had set her sights on could only be hers, and no one could take him away!

###chapter 265 Does She Look Easy to Bully?

On the other side, Isabella was still in her house, wiping down the gifts she was about to send out.

Just as she finished cleaning, she heard her phone ring.

She put down the towel and picked up the phone, and the ambiguous photo that popped up on the screen left her stunned.

Michael and Violet were holding hands, snuggling close, looking very intimate.

Although it was sent from an unfamiliar number, she recognized the background of the photo.

It was Michael's office and she could still recognize the owner of that big hand!

She had heard about the affair between Michael and Violet, but seeing it with her own eyes made it feel so real.

Seeing the sweet moment between the two, Isabella's body stiffened a bit.

But soon, she came to her senses.

The photo wasn't taken by Michael. First, he wouldn't use such a method to inform her of his relationship with Violet. Second, she was pregnant with his child, and he had no reason to provoke her at this time.

That left only one reason.

The person who sent her the photo wasn't Michael, but the other person holding hands with Michael, Violet!

Was Violet provoking her?

Violet not only stood by Michael's side but also flaunted her current status as his girlfriend.

And she, the legal Mrs. Brown, was left in a neglected corner,  nurturing the fetus alone, unable to even control Michael?

Isabella could almost imagine the smug expression on Violet's face when she sent the photo.

Of course, after all the effort to transition from mistress to her current position, Violet's biggest wish now was for Isabella to give up the title of Mrs. Brown.

So that she, the favored third party, could openly marry into the Brown Family and fulfill her dream of becoming Michael's wife.

Unfortunately, she picked the wrong person!

Isabella wasn't someone who would wallow in self-pity over a photo. Violet was a mere mistress, how dare she mess with her?

Did Violet really think she was easy to bully?

Without a second's hesitation, Isabella forwarded the photo to Michael as it was.

As soon as she confirmed he had seen it, she dialed the number she hadn't called in a long time!

Michael saw the photo first and immediately guessed it was Violet's scheme.

Violet's intention was clear: to make Isabella see their intimate actions and refuse to attend his birthday party.

Michael's face darkened instantly.

But at that moment, Violet had already left the office under the pretense of getting tea.

Just as Michael was thinking about how to warn Violet, his phone vibrated, and Isabella's call came through.

Seeing the familiar name flashing on the screen, Michael became nervous.

It was Isabella.

She actually called him?

Michael was thrilled, and his anger towards Violet dissipated a bit. No matter her reason, the fact that Isabella called him was an unexpected surprise.

He took a deep breath and answered the call.

"Why are you calling at this time? Is something wrong?"

Afraid his emotions would be revealed, Michael suppressed his excitement and asked calmly.

His cold tone only made Isabella feel a strong sense of distance.

He didn't want to hear her voice, which was why he sounded so formal. Otherwise, why didn't he react at all to the photo she sent him?

"Michael, you received the photo, right? I don't care what you two plan to do, but she's affecting my life. Don't you have anything to say about that?"

Ever since Violet re-entered Michael's life, rumors about the two of them had been constant.

She had heard at least ten different versions.

But she never took them seriously.

First, she didn't believe the rumors were true.

Second, her relationship with Michael had ended the day she moved out of Elysian Heights Estate. If it weren't for Daniel's illness, they might have divorced long ago.

Since it had come to this, she had no right or power to stop Michael from seeking his happiness.

But he could have told her clearly in advance.

She would have let go.

Why did he have to hide it from her and let Violet tell her?

Now it seemed like she was the one interfering with his happiness, and she didn't understand.

"What do you want me to say?"

Michael suddenly had an idea. If a photo could get Isabella's attention, did that mean she still cared about him?

"It's just a photo. Big deal?"

When he first saw the photo, he was also surprised. If he didn't know Violet had taken it casually, he would have thought something intimate had happened between them.

Hearing Michael's response, Isabella felt a bit colder.

"So Aaron's call was also your idea? You invited me to your birthday party just to let me see you and Violet being affectionate, so I would give up my place for you two?"

Isabella's words were blunt and sarcastic.

At that moment, she truly saw how ruthless Michael's heart was.

When they first got married, he hated her for taking Bianca's place, so he chose to live apart from her for three years without touching her.

For three years, he hurt her with his coldness and indifference, and she endured it.

But now, she was even pregnant with his child. He knew it was his child, yet he still allowed Violet to provoke her this way.

He was truly heartless.

For some reason, hearing Isabella speak in that tone made Michael feel a pang of sadness.

He wanted to explain, but Violet came in with a cup of coffee.

Seeing Michael on the phone, she immediately realized it must be Isabella.

Her eyes flashed, and she put the coffee down, swaying her hips as she walked to Michael's side, pretending to ask casually, "Michael, who are you talking to? I think I heard Isabella's voice."

Michael raised his eyebrows and glanced at Violet, who had quickly come to his side.

He couldn't help but marvel at her skill. She had orchestrated this whole thing and still managed to act innocent.

If he didn't know about her true nature, he might have been fooled by her!

Seeing Michael just staring at her, Violet felt a bit guilty.

But things had come this far; she couldn't let Isabella off easily.

Before Michael could speak, she leaned over to look at the phone's contact name and saw it was indeed Isabella.

Violet grabbed the phone with a look of surprise and spoke excitedly, "Isabella, is that really you? What a coincidence! Michael and I were just discussing how to invite you to the birthday party, and now you've called?"

###chapter 266 Danger Approaches

Isabella remained silent, but Violet seemed to have seized the opportunity to flaunt in front of her.

"Michael originally didn't plan to make a big deal out of it, but I really wanted to experience watching the snow on the sea with him. After pestering him for a while, he finally agreed to hold this birthday party on the sea."

"Oh, by the way, Isabella, you have to come too, otherwise, it won't be lively. After all, this is the first birthday Michael and I are spending together, and the more people, the better. Besides, Isabella, you are still Michael's wife in name, right? If you don't come, Michael will feel disrespected."

Violet became more and more excited as she spoke, eager for Isabella to see firsthand how much Michael adored her.

Michael's love was something Isabella could never have.

But Isabella on the other side was very calm, not even a bit interested in the scene Violet described.

It wasn't that she didn't feel anything, but she had experienced such things for three whole years and had long learned to let go.

However, there was one thing Violet was right about.

She was still Mrs. Brown.

If she didn't attend, wouldn't she be laughed at by everyone in the circle, as well as the Wilson Family behind her?

She, a dignified lady of the Wilson Family, would she be afraid of Violet, a mere mistress? What a joke!

But now, she couldn't agree so readily.

"Ms. Cooper, you said this is your first birthday with Michael. If I show up, it might disturb your private time together. Thinking about it this way, it's more appropriate for me not to attend, right?"

Isabella's voice was calm, as if she really didn't care about this matter.

But as a woman, how could she not see through Violet's little schemes? Violet first sent a photo to provoke her, then grabbed Michael's phone to say these things.

She had only one purpose.

Violet wanted her to show up and see how intimate she and Michael were in public.

So, no matter what she said, Violet would find a way to make her attend Michael's birthday party because nothing could provoke her, the nominal Mrs. Brown, more than this.

If her emotions were affected and it impacted the baby in her womb, wouldn't that be even more in line with Violet's desire to take her place?

Sure enough, the next second, Violet became anxious.

"How could it be inappropriate? Isabella, you are Michael's wife. If you don't come to his birthday, what will others think?"

"Besides, Michael and I got to this point thanks to your support. If you hadn't said you were about to divorce, I wouldn't have pursued him so fervently. So, why don't you come to witness our happiness?"

Violet's words sounded like she wasn't a mistress, and successfully involved Isabella in this matter.

She even pulled Michael into it, "Michael, say something. If Isabella doesn't come, I'll be upset."

At this moment, Michael was filled with a cold aura, a surge of inexplicable anger rising within him.

Not only at Violet's extremely poor acting but also at Isabella's calm demeanor on the other end of the phone.

She didn't care at all about him and Violet?

Even if she had called with a hint of jealousy or anger, he would have explained everything to her without hesitation.

Even if it meant losing the clues about the Adri Family, he wouldn't care.

But he had provoked her like that, and she didn't care at all.

He sneered and said to the other end of the phone, "Isabella, Violet is right. It's not appropriate for you not to attend my birthday party, is it?"

His tone was intimate, and Michael said it to Isabella, his wife.

And he didn't think it was humiliating for her to attend his birthday party with Violet, a mistress, by his side.

However, she had figured it out now.

They just wanted her to come and see how affectionate they were in front of others.

She could attend, but not to give blessings, but...

Looking at the three gifts on the table, Isabella's lips curled into a sarcastic smile.

"I can attend, but with only a few days left, I won't have time to prepare any exquisite birthday gifts. You wouldn't mind, would you?" She said, pretending to be regretful.

Michael felt somewhat disappointed because the birthday gift he most wanted was from her.

But as long as she could come, it would be a big surprise.

Hearing Isabella agree to attend, Violet seemed even more excited than Michael, "We don't mind, Isabella. As long as you can make it, we'll be very happy even if no gift."

"In that case, you can wait."

After saying the last sentence, Isabella hung up the phone directly.

Looking at everything in the room, she suppressed her emotions and slowly closed the door.

From now on, she would never come back here.

Everything about her and Michael would be forever sealed in her heart.

On the way back, Isabella received a call from her subordinate, Jesse.

He said there was something important to discuss with her in person, and his tone was very serious.

Isabella didn't ask much, turned the car around, and drove directly to the Wilson Group.

Jesse had been waiting at the security office on the first floor. The people here were bodyguards assigned to her by the Wilson Family, usually to protect her.

As soon as Isabella appeared, Jesse ran over and worriedly supported her, "Ms. Taylor, are you okay on the way? It was reckless of me. Your body is in a special period right now."

"Jesse, I'm fine. Let's go inside and talk."

Isabella waved her hand indifferently, signaling him to follow her into the security office.

All monitoring equipment inside had been removed, and with guards outside, the security was very high.

No one would be able to eavesdrop on their conversation.

Isabella sat at the head, waiting for Jesse to report.

"So, what happened that made you call me over so urgently?"

As her chief bodyguard, Jesse had always been steady in his work.

For him to call her over so urgently, it must be something big.

Seeing this, Jesse didn't hesitate any longer. He opened the information he had gathered over the past few days and placed it in front of Isabella for her to review.

"Ms. Taylor, this is high-priced buyout information that suddenly appeared on the black market in the past few days. Someone is tracking your every move, offering a very high price, and they are willing to go to any lengths. We are worried that someone wants to harm you."

Isabella frowned upon hearing this and decisively asked, "Does Grandpa know about this?"

Jesse shook his head but still reported everything to Isabella, "Only Mr. Wilson knows!"

The Mr. Wilson Jesse referred to was Holden.

Since Daniel had returned home to recuperate, he was mostly accompanied by Atticus and Kian, with the other uncles occasionally coming back but spending more time outside.

Holden had just returned from abroad, and she thought he would focus more on his career. She didn't expect him to be so concerned about her safety.

Isabella was a bit surprised, "Uncle Holden is paying attention to my situation? What did he say?"

###chapter 267 The Manipulator Behind the Scenes

Jesse replied, "Mr. Wilson told us not to make any moves for now, to observe in the dark and see what the other party wants to do."

"If it comes to it, Mr. Wilson will handle this personally, but I thought it best to inform you."

Isabella appreciated Jesse's approach.

She wasn't a delicate rich girl; knowing about threats to her safety in advance allowed her to avoid danger more effectively.

However, Holden's secret protection still warmed her heart.

They were men of few words, but their love for her never wavered.

"Jesse, does Uncle Holden know I'm here?"

Jesse nodded, "I sent Mr. Wilson a message before this. He knows you're at the company and is on his way."

"Of course, Ms. Taylor, if you're not in a hurry to leave, you can have a good chat with Mr. Wilson."

Since Isabella became pregnant, she rarely came to the company. The news about Michael was everywhere, and Holden could see it all.

He also knew Isabella was feeling wronged, and if she had someone to talk to, she wouldn't feel so oppressed.

Isabella felt Jesse's kindness.

She smiled, "Alright, I know. You go ahead and get busy. While I'm not around, help Emilio more."

"Mr. Blair is very capable. I'm just lending a hand. But he went to discuss a collaboration today. If he knew you were here, he'd probably run back faster than me."

Jesse joked and then left.

Isabella shook her head, feeling much better than she did on the way.

While waiting for Holden, she picked up the documents Jesse left on the table and started reading them carefully.

Just a week ago, someone using the alias Tenley Claire posted online, offering a high price for information on her whereabouts.

Any real lead would earn a reward of $100,000.

If someone could track her every move, the offer was $1,000,000.

A million dollars just to buy her whereabouts? Isabella coldly curled her lips.

To investigate her, this person was really willing to spend money.

Wait!

Isabella squinted and noticed the posting date at the bottom of the information.

The 12th, last Monday?

Her mind suddenly flashed to the scene in the car with Michael that day.

Wasn't that the day she went to Glamour Oasis to gather information?

Was it a coincidence, or was it deliberate?

How come just after she investigated the secrets of that beauty salon, someone started spending money to investigate her!

That day, she only interacted with a receptionist girl and their director, Renee.

The receptionist girl was her fan and couldn't have such thoughts.

If someone suspected her, it must be the beautiful director, Renee.

Could this "Tenley" online be her?

Isabella suddenly thought of Michael's unusual behavior that day. He first called to warn her, then personally went to Glamour Oasis to get her.

Before leaving, he told her she couldn't step into that beauty salon again.

If what he said was true, then the secrets hidden behind that beauty salon must be deeper than she imagined.

Thinking of this, Isabella felt a chill.

If she hadn't taken Michael's words seriously and insisted on going against him, frequently visiting that beauty salon.

If someone tracked her movements, what would the consequences be? She didn't dare to imagine.

At that moment, the office door was pushed open.

A tall man in a custom-made suit strode in; it was Isabella's third uncle, Holden.

Seeing Isabella's pale face as she stared at the documents, he immediately frowned.

"That Jesse is really loyal to you now, not even listening to me. Doesn't he know you can't handle this in your current condition?"

He had told them not to inform Isabella, but it was too late.

Holden tried to snatch the documents from her hand, but Isabella smiled and pressed them onto the table.

"Uncle Holden, why are you still so hot-tempered? I've already read it all. Besides, these matters concern my safety. If you don't let me know, how can I detect danger around me in time?"

"And why did you hide this from me? You owe me an explanation!"

Isabella took the initiative. Holden's nervousness about not letting the bodyguard tell her meant there was more to this.

After all, the enemy was already so blatant. If they didn't take precautions, they would be truly putting themselves in danger.

Holden sighed, realizing he had underestimated Isabella's sharpness and courage.

"Isabella, it's not that I didn't want to tell you, but this matter is too complicated. I didn't want you to be in any danger."

Isabella knew Holden had already taken action and asked directly, "Holden, what did you find out?"

At this point, Holden decided not to hide anything from Isabella and revealed everything.

"To investigate the person behind the scenes gathering information on you, I had someone release false information about you and caught this 'Tenley.'"

"But after questioning, we found out that Tenley was just a cover. There's a powerful force behind them controlling the whole process. Tenley only needed to report the information to the next level. Their agreed meeting place was..."

"Glamour Oasis." Isabella's eyes narrowed as she calmly said the name.

Holden was stunned, "Isabella, how did you know this place? Yes, their meeting place was inside a beauty salon."

Isabella was now more certain of her suspicions.

Michael was right; the conspiracy within this store was deeper than she imagined.

"Holden, I just learned about the issues there from a friend. After visiting once, I ran into Michael, and he threatened me not to step in there again."

Thinking back to Michael's tension and unusual behavior, Isabella seemed to understand everything.

At first, she thought Harper was just lucky, hiding in such an inconspicuous store, making her people lower their guard and fail to find her.

It turned out someone was secretly helping Harper, and this person's power and background were much stronger than she imagined.

"Michael?" Hearing this name suddenly, Holden sneered, "Hmph, he was kind for once?"

Isabella didn't care about Holden's deep-seated opinions on Michael. She just wanted to know what huge conspiracy was hidden in that store.

She had a feeling that there was an invisible, untouchable net trying to trap her and Michael.

In the end, it would surround them both, leaving them unable to move.

###chapter 268 Backer

"Holden, stop talking about him."

Isabella got to the point, "The reason I know about this place is because Harper, whom I was investigating before, was hidden here. Do you think Harper might have bribed someone in the black market to investigate my information as revenge?"

The only possibility she could think of now was Harper.

Holden was well aware of Harper's identity.

She was the vicious stepmother who killed Grace and almost tormented Isabella to death.

When Harper disappeared, he and Atticus sent the Wilson Family's bodyguards to search for her secretly, but they couldn't find any clues in the end.

Unexpectedly, Harper was still hiding within Evergreen City?

But now, the background of this beauty salon is complex and full of mysteries. They can't act rashly for the time being, otherwise, not only will they fail to capture Harper inside, but the mastermind behind the scenes might be alerted.

Suddenly, Holden thought of something, "Isabella, does Harper have any assets or substantial funds at her disposal?"

Isabella was taken aback, thought seriously, and shook her head.

"No, she doesn't. As far as I know, Harper married Indigo for his money, and she has been living off him for years. She doesn't have any assets of her own."

"That's strange then?" Holden squinted his eyes, "If she doesn't have much money, how could she offer such a high price on the black market to buy your information and whereabouts? After all, one piece of information costs a hundred thousand dollars, which is not a small amount."

Holden's words made Isabella start to reconsider whether she was overthinking her suspicion of Harper.

Because Indigo's family didn't have much money.

If it weren't for Bianca currying favor with Michael to gain benefits, Indigo and Harper wouldn't be living so comfortably.

Even after she took back Grace's house, if Michael hadn't provided them with a property to live in for free, they would have starved on the streets long ago.

However, after Bianca disappeared, a series of events did occur.

For example, there was Violet, who had many similarities with her.

"Uncle Holden, if Harper is backed by a powerful family, could she have the means to do this?"

Isabella had a gut feeling that Violet, who Nolan brought back from abroad, was Bianca with a new face, but it was just a suspicion.

There was no direct evidence to prove that Violet was Bianca.

But she had heard from Nolan that Violet's identity was from a powerful family abroad.

If Violet was indeed Bianca, then she must have used some connections to enter a powerful family, and this family provided her with support.

And Harper relied on Violet's connections to successfully hide in Glamour Oasis, protected by the family's influence.

If this were true, everything that happened afterward would make sense.

The deeper Isabella thought about it, the more chills she felt.

If Harper was indeed the one investigating her at a high price, it not only meant that Harper had found a powerful backer, but the fact that this backer was willing to spend so much money to investigate her was even more terrifying.

Evergreen City's geographical location already determined its importance in the entire country.

And the core economy of Evergreen City was controlled by the Brown Group and the Wilson Family, two powerful families. As the heir to the Wilson Group, being targeted for investigation at this time.

It was clear that the mastermind's ambition was no longer hidden.

The fact that Harper dared to target her also showed the terrifying power of the mastermind, who didn't take Isabella seriously at all.

Realizing all this, Holden instantly understood the danger involved.

It seemed these people were targeting Isabella because of her identity as the Wilson Family heir.

He couldn't help but seriously advise, "Isabella, stay in the house Atticus gave you for the time being, and don't go out easily."

"Also, I'll secretly add more bodyguards to protect you. If the other party makes any moves, we can respond immediately and hopefully capture them all."

Holden had everything arranged, but Isabella was a bit troubled.

She understood Holden's approach. As long as she didn't go out, those people couldn't do anything to her. But what about Michael's birthday party in a few days?

She couldn't just go back on her promise after agreeing to attend, right?

Otherwise, she would be ridiculed by others, saying that as Michael's wife, she was suppressed by Violet, a mistress.

How could she then humiliate Michael and Violet on the spot?

After thinking it over, Isabella decided to keep this from Holden for now.

Now that she knew their intentions and had the Wilson Family's bodyguards for double protection, nothing should go wrong.

So, Isabella nodded to Holden, telling him not to worry about her.

"Uncle Holden, I'll stay at home obediently for the time being, but I can't visit Grandpa often. You need to check on him for me."

Holden smiled and patted her hand, "Don't worry, Dad has us. Now our whole family is looking forward to the arrival of your baby. You just need to rest and take care of yourself at the villa, don't think about anything else."

Thinking of how Daniel was also eagerly awaiting the birth of her baby, Isabella's lips curled into a smile, and she couldn't help but touch her slightly rounded belly.

This was her first child, and she was more eager for the baby's arrival than anyone else.

Worried about her safety on the road, Holden had her take his car and personally drove her back to Whispering Pines Estates.

In the following days, Isabella didn't go anywhere and quietly stayed in the villa doing her own things.

Before she knew it, it was the weekend, and Aaron had already called in advance to pick her up.

But Isabella stood in front of the mirror in the dressing room, unable to find a suitable dress.

Her three-month pregnant belly was already quite noticeable, and her usual clothes were now a size too small and couldn't be worn.

Moreover, due to pregnancy hormones, not only had she gained weight around her belly, but her face had also become rounder from Cinda's constant feeding.

Her face was now chubby and cute, but it had lost its previous sexiness and allure.

Isabella was instantly deflated.

Today, she was planning to put on a big show for those two shameless people, but with her cute appearance, she had no aura at all.

Without any dominance, how could she humiliate them!

At this moment, Cinda knocked on the door. Seeing that it was almost time and Isabella hadn't come down for breakfast, she was worried something had happened, so she came to check. When she opened the door, she saw Isabella standing in front of the mirror, looking dejected.

"Ms. Taylor, what's wrong?"

Isabella finally got someone to confide in and showed a grievance expression, "Cinda, I've gotten so fat, I don't look good anymore."

###chapter 269 Plan Changes

Cinda looked at Isabella, who was pouting adorably, and almost couldn't hold back her laughter.

She quickly went over to console her, "What are you talking about? This is just a normal pregnancy phenomenon. How can you say you're fat?"

"Besides, this is something every pregnant woman goes through. Watching the baby grow day by day is a very happy thing for a mother."

No matter how grand and pleasant Cinda's words were, Isabella was still troubled by the pile of dresses thrown on the bed.

With so many clothes, but not a single one she could wear.

She sat on the bed helplessly. It wouldn't matter at other times, but this time she was attending Michael's birthday party, and it was Violet who had invited her just to annoy her!

She couldn't lose her momentum.

She absolutely couldn't lose this momentum.

"Cinda, do you have any way to help me find a dress that exudes power?"

Isabella knew she was making things difficult for Cinda, but she was really out of options.

She had gone through so many clothes that she was exhausted.

Cinda looked at Isabella, who was sitting on the bed with an unwilling expression, and didn't think too much. She just wanted to quickly help her find a fitting dress and persuade her to go down for some breakfast.

Walking into the closet, Cinda looked through the clothes in each cabinet and finally selected a vintage red cape dress.

She thought the color was beautiful and took it out.

"Ms. Taylor, try this one. I think it suits you."

Isabella was amazed when she saw the mid-length cape dress. "Cinda, how did you find this dress? I almost forgot about it."

Cinda smiled shyly, "It was in the cabinet. I thought the bright color might be suitable for today's occasion."

"It's perfect, Cinda. You're like an angel from heaven."

Isabella excitedly took the dress, hugged Cinda, and couldn't wait to go to the closet to match the outfit.

She paired the bright red dress with a black turtleneck sweater, a matching hat, and black long boots.

She added a delicate handbag, simple yet sophisticated.

When she came out, she could see from the amazement and admiration in Cinda's eyes that her outfit was a success.

"Ms. Taylor, I think I understand what you meant by exuding power. This outfit really has that aura!"

Isabella looked at herself in the mirror.

Wearing red in winter really catches the eye, and this dress was a tribute to a foreign princess's outfit.

The cape design had a strong presence, and the flowing hem added to the aura.

Moreover, the dress perfectly covered her pregnant belly, and the long boots accentuated her slender legs. The flat shoes were more suitable for a pregnant woman like her.

After changing, Isabella went downstairs with Cinda for breakfast. After putting on some delicate makeup, it was exactly eight o'clock.

At that moment, her phone rang. It was Aaron, who needed her permission to enter the villa area.

Isabella asked him to hand the phone to the security personnel and said to let him in before hanging up.

When Aaron drove up to Isabella's villa, she was already walking out with her bag.

A stunning red figure approached from a distance, and Aaron was almost mesmerized.

It took him a moment to realize it was Isabella, and he quickly opened the back door to invite her in.

At the dock, Isabella immediately saw Michael's four-story luxury yacht docked nearby.

However, once on board, she noticed a problem.

Michael had said there would be a lot of people to make it lively, but after looking around, she only saw a few of his close friends.

The one she was most familiar with was Michael's friend, Ethan.

But this time, he had a sweet-looking actress with him, and they were whispering to each other, making the girl's face blush.

Isabella had no interest in Ethan's private affairs and didn't go inside. Instead, she took a walk outside.

Strangely, she didn't see the birthday party's main character, Michael.

Nor did she see Violet.

Knowing Violet, who would seize any opportunity to show off in front of her, it was surprising that she was late.

Maybe the two of them were planning some "surprise"?

But she wasn't in a hurry.

The big show was just beginning, and all she had to do was wait patiently.

Looking at the various cold dishes and snacks on the yacht, Isabella found a quiet spot to sit and enjoy the sea view.

Meanwhile, in a place where Isabella couldn't see, the birthday party had already begun.

To shine at this birthday party, Violet had used the card Michael gave her to buy the most expensive and luxurious custom-made dress.

She had a celebrity makeup artist team do her styling, and once everything was ready, she became the first person to step onto the luxury yacht in high heels.

Her plan was to start the birthday party at noon, spend a wonderful day on the yacht, and at midnight, she and Michael would sit outside the yacht, blowing out the birthday candles and watching the snow.

When the atmosphere was right, she would give Michael a passionate kiss, presenting herself as his birthday gift.

At that moment, Michael wouldn't be able to resist, and everything would happen naturally.

But Violet didn't expect her plan to fall apart from the start.

Not only did Michael allow Violet to be the first to enter the yacht, but he also set up a luxurious table of food in the dining room.

There was a row of waiters ready to serve, and a violinist playing nearby.

This yacht was the Brown Family's asset, usually used to entertain various partners, and its luxury was beyond ordinary imagination.

Moved by Michael's thoughtfulness and affection, Violet sat in front of the surprise Michael had prepared for her.

But before she could say anything, she took a sip of the red wine in her glass and passed out on the table.

If it weren't for the waiters supporting her, she would have fallen to the ground.

However, Michael calmly waved his hand, instructing the people around him to lock Violet in a room.

Everything Violet had touched was quickly removed by the waiters, leaving no trace of the romantic dinner.

It took less than twenty minutes to erase all traces of Violet from the dining room.

At this moment, Michael picked up his glass of red wine and walked to the front of the yacht, looking at the red figure sitting by the window from behind.

A mysterious smile appeared on his lips.

From the beginning, he had no intention of letting Violet ruin his birthday with Isabella.

Violet's only reason for being here was to lure out the Adri Family.

If he didn't need more time to investigate the Adri Family's actions, she wouldn't even be here.

###chapter 270 Isabella Has Good Taste

She even wanted him to watch her humiliate Isabella with his own eyes. She really didn't know her place!

On his birthday, he only wanted to spend it with his beloved Isabella. Besides Isabella, he didn't want to see anyone else.

So, before the birthday party started, he had already figured out how to deal with Violet first.

He gave her a double dose of sleeping pills. If the effect worked as expected, Violet would be asleep until at least noon the next day. By then, the birthday party would be long over.

He and Isabella would have happily spent his birthday together, watching the snow, blowing out candles, everything would be perfect.

When the party started, everyone gathered on the first floor's dance floor.

Strong electronic music was playing, and everyone entered the dance floor to let loose.

But for Isabella, a pregnant woman, these actions were torturous, making her want to escape as soon as possible.

Isabella frowned, wondering what Michael was up to. She had been sitting outside for half the day, and he hadn't shown up.

And Violet, shouldn't she be the one most eager to make an appearance in front of everyone at this time?

Why had both of them disappeared?

As more and more people appeared inside, Isabella remembered Holden's advice and didn't go in, instead finding a spot on the edge to sit down.

But she waited for a long time and still didn't see Michael's face.

Not only did she find it strange, but even the guests who came to the birthday party were quietly asking who the party was for.

It seemed they didn't even know it was Michael's birthday party.

Unable to guess what Michael was up to, Isabella decided to do nothing and wait for Michael to come to her.

At this moment, the music suddenly changed, and someone suggested an impromptu masquerade ball, mixing up the crowd to find their "soulmate."

In essence, it was about constantly changing dance partners, not looking at faces, just going with the feeling.

Isabella was long tired of such tricks.

Moreover, being pregnant, she couldn't dance, and she didn't dare to squeeze into the crowd, fearing it might harm the baby.

Just as she was about to go out for some fresh air, a tall man in a custom black and gold suit, wearing a fox mask, walked up to her and slowly bowed.

The man's height and build were very similar to Michael's, and the jawline exposed under the mask gave her a very familiar feeling.

But the lighting inside was dim, and she couldn't be sure if this masked man was Michael.

Until he reached out a hand to her, "Beautiful lady, may I invite you to dance?"

The voice was similar to Michael's but had an unusual clarity.

Michael's voice was deep and powerful like a cello, making people feel immersed just by hearing it.

But the person in front of her had a mischievous boyish voice.

Even though he bore some resemblance to Michael, Isabella had no interest in his invitation.

She was long past the age of being moved by good looks, and besides, in her current condition, she couldn't dance.

"Sorry, I'm not in a position to dance. You should find someone else."

She thought that with such a firm refusal, the man would leave decisively to find his next "prey."

But to Isabella's surprise, the boy with the fox mask seemed particularly fond of her and didn't want to give up even after being rejected.

Instead, he showed more enthusiasm towards Isabella, sitting down beside her with his long legs.

"That's perfect. I don't really want to dance either. How about we chat here?"

Though his voice was somewhat deliberate, it didn't detract from its pleasant tone, especially with his excited tone as he sat beside her.

He seemed more like a boy mustering up the courage to chat with a girl.

Isabella raised an eyebrow. She was bored anyway, so having someone to chat with wasn't bad.

"Sure, young man, would you like something to drink?"

Seeing the waiter approaching with a tray of drinks, she turned to the man and suggested, "How about a Gin Fizz?"

Isabella subconsciously thought he was an outsider brought by friends to the party.

She ordered a drink that wasn't too strong.

But in the man's eyes, this gesture seemed to have a deeper meaning.

Young man?

The man looked at the juice in Isabella's hand with deep eyes and raised an eyebrow, "Are you doing this on purpose? Drinking juice yourself but ordering alcohol for me, are you trying to get me drunk and do something else?"

The man stared at Isabella but obediently took the cocktail from the waiter's tray.

He slowly tilted his sexy neck and drank the cocktail.

Putting down the glass, he leaned closer to Isabella, the sweet scent of the drink mingling with his breath and low laughter around her.

"You have good taste. I like this drink."

His deliberate closeness, his flattering attempts to get close, and his slightly raised tone after drinking all highlighted his strong male desire.

Isabella became wary. Recently, her identity had been posted on the black market for a high price. Who knew if this person was deliberately approaching her to gain her trust?

Just as she was about to get up and leave, she suddenly saw the man's large hand resting on the chair.

She recognized it immediately.

Because she had seen this hand countless times in the photo that Violet had used to provoke her. If it weren't for the dim lighting, she wouldn't have been fooled.

Especially with that expensive watch that Michael rarely took off.

She squinted her eyes and looked at the fox mask again, a mischievous smile forming on her lips.

Since Michael liked to play, she would play along.

As Michael leaned closer, Isabella didn't dodge. Instead, she reached out and lifted his chin, her fingers deliberately brushing along his superior jawline.

"So, do you like the drink more, or do you like me more, hmm?"

As expected, Michael's body stiffened.

Isabella became even more smug, pretending to be troubled, "What should I do? I'm starting to like you too. To be honest, I like young men like you the most. Compared to you, those men nearing thirty seem so dull."

Just when Isabella thought Michael would lose his temper under the mask, to her surprise, his large hand on the armrest suddenly grabbed her.

With a gentle pull, he drew her into his arms.

Whispering close to her ear, Michael's breath was hot and seductive, "Since you like it, how about I go with you, or you take me away?"

This blatant flirting left Isabella stunned.

But she wasn't one to give up easily.

Especially since it was Michael, she had to fight to the end.

###chapter 271 Acting Spoiled

Even though Isabella was pregnant, she still appeared very petite in front of Michael. Michael only pulled her into his arms, not daring to use much force.

With a quick move, she slipped out of Michael's grasp.

She touched her chin with her fingers, raised an eyebrow, and said, "It's not impossible to take you with me, but I don't even know your name. It wouldn't be right to call you 'young man' once we're in the room, would it?"

Michael was almost amused by the term "young man."

Did she really like younger men so much that any young man could take her away?

What did those young men have that he didn't?

"When we get to the room, I'll naturally tell you my real name. I'm just afraid you won't dare to take me there."

Michael's words left Isabella almost speechless.

She indeed didn't dare.

Whether it was another man or Michael, she didn't dare. Who knew what Michael might do if he went crazy?

She was pregnant and couldn't risk the baby.

Isabella instantly lost interest and simply nodded, "I didn't plan on it anyway. If you want excitement, find someone else."

It wasn't that she didn't want to play a big game with Michael, but when it came to the baby, she prioritized the baby.

Just as she was about to leave, Michael suddenly blocked her way, more domineering than before, trapping her in place.

He said with a hint of resentment, "You change your mind so quickly. Weren't you just saying you liked my type? How can you want to ditch me now?"

His words gave Isabella goosebumps.

Was Michael addicted to acting?

"Move aside, don't make me..."

Before Isabella could finish her sentence, Michael's arm firmly encircled her, and with his other hand, he quickly removed the fox mask from his face.

Revealing a handsome face, it was none other than the birthday party's main character, Michael.

Although Isabella had already known he was Michael, seeing the boy who had just been acting coy with her suddenly turn into Michael in front of her eyes still left her momentarily stunned.

She even forgot to struggle out of his embrace.

"What are you going to do to me? Weren't you going to take me to the room? It's too late to regret it now!"

The low, sexy voice was Michael's original voice. Just as Isabella was momentarily dazed, her body was suddenly lifted into the air.

Michael carried her directly from the corridor to the top-floor room.

It was the best spot he had specially prepared for them to watch the snow and enjoy the moonlight.

The room's ceiling was a whole piece of transparent light-blocking panel. The moment the curtain was opened, the entire sky full of stars unfolded before their eyes.

He had checked the weather beforehand.

The snow was expected to fall in the early hours, just in time for his wish.

He hoped that in this beautiful moment, the person accompanying him would be Isabella, not someone else.

Walking to the bed, Michael gently placed Isabella on the soft bed, even thoughtfully squatting down to take off her shoes.

Feeling a sudden lightness on her feet, Isabella was startled and retreated to the corner.

She looked at the unusually behaving Michael with a face full of fear.

She had known him for so long, and it was always her helping him with these things. When had he ever taken off her shoes?

Watching Michael inch closer, Isabella felt for the first time how serious the uncontrollable situation was, "Michael, stay away from me. What do you want to do?"

Could Michael be thinking of having sex with her at this moment?

Isabella clutched the blanket tightly, her eyes scanning for any weapon she could use. If he dared to act recklessly, she wouldn't let him off.

But the next second, Michael's magnetic voice came, shocking Isabella.

"Isabella, stay with me tonight and watch the snow."

He actually wanted to say, spend his birthday with him, just tonight, just the two of them.

Isabella was shocked not by his words, but by Michael's almost pleading tone.

As the president of the Brown Group, when had Michael ever used such a cautious, pleading attitude to speak to anyone?

But Isabella could truly feel his longing.

He was begging her!

And Michael was imagining lying on the bed with Isabella, looking out at the falling snow. He felt as if he was surrounded by warmth.

From the moment Violet mentioned this scene, all he could think of was Isabella's face.

He wanted to spend this time with her.

If it were someone else, he might only need to say a word to make it happen, without even needing to show up himself, because he was the president of the Brown Group, and no one would refuse him.

But these methods were useless in front of Isabella. She didn't care about any of his possessions, not even giving them a second glance.

He didn't know how to please a woman, only knowing how to forcefully try to keep her. But the more domineering he was, the further he pushed her away.

Begging her was his last resort.

To her, he had no more schemes, no more tactics. He just wanted to show her his most genuine self.

Hoping to get even a slight response from her.

Even though this method was very humble and undignified for him, he didn't mind at all because it was her, and he was willing.

"Michael, you..."

The refusal was on the tip of her tongue, but looking into Michael's unwavering eyes, Isabella couldn't say it.

But the next second, she mocked herself for her soft-heartedness.

Where was her resolve before she came here?

Michael had only slightly lowered his stance, and she was already flustered, almost agreeing to his ridiculous request?

Calming down, Isabella didn't forget how she received the invitation to come here.

Michael and Violet's cooperation on the phone, and the scene of them holding hands intimately, all kept warning her not to forgive Michael, this unworthy bad man!

She took a deep breath, a sarcastic smile appearing on her lips, "You want me to stay up late watching the snow with you, what about your lover Violet? Where is she waiting? Michael, there's no need for us to play these games anymore, it's extremely boring."

Saying this, Isabella glanced at the door, sneering, "Where's Violet? Wasn't she the one who went to great lengths to call and invite me to this birthday party? Why isn't she showing up now that I'm here?"

Thinking of Violet, who had been drugged and unconscious in the morning, Michael calmly found an excuse, "She gets seasick and is resting in her room."

Isabella frowned, "She gets seasick? Wasn't it her idea to have the party on the yacht?"

For so long, Violet had never won against her. Finally, she had managed to snatch Michael, and now was the perfect time for her to flaunt it in front of Isabella.

Would Violet give up so easily at such an important moment?

With Violet's ambition to make Isabella witness her and Michael's public display of affection, she wouldn't hide in her room even if she felt unwell.

After all, this was a battle between women. How could she be fully oreoared and not show up in the end?

###chapter 272 Not a Stand-in

Isabella didn't know the details, but if it were her, and she finally had a chance to shine, she would come even if she had to drag herself there.

She shook her head and said to Michael, "She can even ditch you at your birthday, your new lover Violet isn't that special after all."

Michael almost couldn't hold back because of her head shake.

Fortunately, he managed to hold it in at the last moment.

Violet indeed dressed up to the nines to provoke Isabella, even hiring a makeup team at a high price.

But so what?

This was his birthday party, and he only wanted to see Isabella. How could he let an outsider like Violet show up and disturb his time with Isabella?

Illusions could never become reality.

Violet would eventually reveal her true colors, and he would find out the hidden motives behind the Adri Family.

The only ones he truly cared about were his wife Isabella and their baby.

Others never held any weight in his eyes.

But right now, he didn't want to waste this precious night, "Isabella, it's just you and me in this room, no one else. Can we not mention other people's names?"

Michael subtly hinted to her.

But to Isabella, it sounded like Michael was treating her as a stand-in for Violet.

Violet was uncomfortable, and he didn't want to be alone, so he thought of her?

Men, they really thought with their lower halves.

"Michael, you're really a playboy. Violet isn't here, so you use me as a stand-in. Don't you find it strange? I find it disgusting!"

"Isabella, what... what nonsense are you talking about?"

Michael was almost driven mad by her words!

He had painstakingly arranged everything, and now she thought it was disgusting.

Isabella was firm in her belief, pointing her finger at him, "Then you tell me, why did you act all lovey-dovey with Violet on the phone, wanting me to witness your happiness, but now you're here alone? Explain that!"

"I..."

Michael was getting dizzy from Isabella's logic.

He pressed his temples, unable to say a word.

If she would just take a moment to look around, she would see that everything in this room was arranged according to her preferences.

But Isabella didn't look; all her energy was focused on guessing Michael's schemes.

Seeing him at a loss for words, she sneered, "Michael, admit it, that's exactly what you think."

But after laughing, she felt incredibly heartbroken.

She felt so miserable she wanted to cry.

After receiving Aaron's call, she had eagerly found the gifts over the past three years, only to hear his declaration of happiness with Violet when she was about to give them to him.

He even asked her to attend his birthday party in front of Violet.

She endured all of that.

But now she truly felt how ridiculous she was. Violet was unwell and couldn't accompany him, so he brought her to the room prepared for Violet.

He wanted her to be Violet's stand-in to accompany him through this birthday party.

What made him think she would agree?

Who did he think he was!

Michael stood there, taking a deep breath. He didn't know what Isabella was thinking at that moment, but he had gone to great lengths to do all this for her, not to hear her push him towards Violet again and again.

He just wanted to spend an unforgettable birthday quietly with her, just the two of them, no one else.

But she kept mentioning Violet until his patience was completely exhausted.

"Isabella, can we not mention others between us? Just the two of us tonight, okay?"

He really wanted to be with her, especially in such a rare moment together.

But he feared that even if he said it, Isabella wouldn't believe him.

Nolan had said last time that he had everything he wanted in this life, so there was no need to compete with others.

But he couldn't choose his birth.

Indeed, from a young age, he was the cherished child of his parents and Aiden, but that was just attention, not all the love.

Every birthday party from childhood was a grand event at home, with so many guests he couldn't count.

But as he grew up, he realized those people weren't there to celebrate his birthday; they were there to use the opportunity to connect with the Brown Group and facilitate future collaborations.

So the birthday he truly longed for didn't need many people or countless gifts.

He just wanted to spend it quietly with the person he loved.

Just like now.

With Isabella, whom he loved, and their unborn baby, experiencing the most important moment of his life.

So, he didn't want to ruin this atmosphere, nor did he want anyone else's name mixed in.

Despite the accusatory tone, Michael looked extremely helpless, and Isabella saw deep fatigue in his eyes.

She had never seen Michael look so tired.

But hadn't he been with Violet all this time, even seeing her at the company every day? Otherwise, how could she explain Violet's ability to answer his calls anytime?

But seeing Michael looking like he was about to collapse, her heart couldn't help but ache.

In that moment, all her resolve was shattered by his vulnerability.

She softened.

Even if he was thinking about Violet now.

She wanted to be with him at this crucial moment.

Besides the birthday reason, she had her own selfish motives.

This was not only the first birthday she spent with Michael but also the first one with their baby. She didn't want to have no beautiful memories to share with their child when they asked about their father in the future.

After all, he was the child's father, and they couldn't completely sever ties.

Thinking of this, Isabella took a deep breath and said, "Michael, I hope you understand that the person by your side tonight is me, Isabella. I'm not a stand-in for anyone, nor am I your pastime when you're lonely. Do you understand what I mean?"

With the last sentence, she looked up at him, her eyes unwavering, the light in them her final stand.

She was willing to stay because she couldn't let go of him.

But that didn't mean Isabella was willing to be Violet's stand-in. She wanted him to remember that the person by his side tonight was her, not anyone else.

She didn't know how much of her obsession with him remained, but she didn't want this love to be tainted with any impurities.

Even if their relationship had come to this point, she wanted to hold on to her beliefs.

Michael was moved by the light in her eyes, his heart trembling, and he smiled in response. "I understand, you are Isabella, not anyone else." 

'And you are the only one I want!' Michael only said this in his mind.

###chapter 273 Only the Two of Us

With Michael's affirmative response, the argument between the two seemed to hit a pause button.

Isabella looked up in slight surprise, meeting Michael's deep gaze. Neither of them spoke again.

But in each other's eyes, they found the answers they were looking for.

She wasn't the only one who wanted to cherish this moment.

So did Michael.

For the first time, Isabella saw gentleness and anticipation in his eyes.

Her heart couldn't help but tremble.

She thought, even if she woke up tomorrow and found out this was just a dream, she would still be willing.

The top deck of the yacht was so quiet that there was almost no sound. Michael took out a set of clothes he had prepared in advance.

They were made of soft cotton, which would be more comfortable for her to wear.

He had no intention of leaving, but seeing Isabella's face gradually turn red as she took the clothes, he realized she was feeling shy.

His eyes flickered, and he got up to give her the room to change, stepping out himself.

He didn't say a word the whole time, but every detail showed his consideration for her.

He even prepared a pair of shoes for pregnant women, with soft material and little bunny logos.

Once the door closed, Isabella realized her heart was racing.

She took a deep breath, trying to calm her emotions, but thinking of Michael's gentle and considerate actions just now, she couldn't help but blush.

He was too gentle.

She almost couldn't take it.

Originally, she was already reluctant to part with him, and now he had put aside all his pride to ask her to spend a birthday with him.

How could she not fall for him?

Looking at her flushed face and the love-struck expression reflected in the window,

Isabella clutched the clothes in her hands and couldn't help but murmur, "Michael, what am I going to do with you?"

No.

She couldn't change her mind so quickly.

No matter how well he hid it, this was ultimately just a fleeting dream.

If Violet were here, he would still treat Violet gently, perhaps even more considerately than he treated her.

In fact, the only reason she received Michael's request was because of Violet's absence, and it was her turn.

She could enjoy this brief moment, but she must not fall into Michael's gentle trap again.

This was her final bottom line.

Tomorrow morning, when Michael's birthday party was over, she should leave.

They wouldn't have any more entanglements, and each would return to their own life.

So, for now, she would just treat this as a dream.

With her thoughts sorted out, Isabella changed into the cotton dress and bunny slippers Michael had given her, feeling a sense of relief.

She no longer had to be constrained by the formal dress.

As soon as she opened the door, Michael was standing outside, leaning against the wall. Seeing her come out, he straightened up and took a few steps closer to her.

His eyes reflected her petite and soft figure under the light, and he couldn't help but praise her.

"You look beautiful. I knew I made the right choice."

Such a simple sentence stirred waves in Isabella's heart.

Did he choose this outfit?

But why did he prepare this outfit for her?

Could it be that he had already anticipated she would stay?

Before she could ask anything, Michael had already taken her hand and led her to the end of the corridor.

On the rooftop, the night wind carried snowflakes as it howled past.

At some point, Michael had draped his coat over her shoulders, while he stood there in just a shirt and trousers.

In this weather, especially on the sea, if they really stood outside watching the snow all night, they would both end up in the hospital as soon as the yacht docked.

As if seeing through her thoughts, Michael chuckled, "Just stay for a while with me, okay?"

Isabella was stunned.

Her first reaction was, was this really Michael?

Could he have been replaced by someone else?

After all, the Michael she knew was always aloof and never lowered himself to ask for anything.

It was almost unbelievable.

But from Michael's perspective, he felt a deep ache seeing Isabella's surprised reaction.

They had been married for three years, and this was the first time they had such a calm conversation together.

No arguments, no sulking.

Just because of an unconscious compliment and gentleness from him, her eyes sparkled with charm.

It was at this moment that he truly realized how much he had wronged Isabella over the past three years.

No wonder her uncles had collectively come to confront him, firmly opposing their reconciliation.

The fault lay entirely with him.

He had been too much of a jerk, failing to recognize her worth sooner and not cherishing her properly over the past three years.

Now, she was carrying his baby. What more could he ask for?

He truly regretted it.

No matter what demands she made in the future, even if she didn't want him anymore, he wouldn't leave her and the child.

He would make it up to her with his actions.

"Michael."

Isabella's soft call brought Michael back to reality.

The person in front of him became clear, and he could even see the blush on her face.

Isabella blinked. Michael had been staring at her since earlier, his gaze deep and unfathomable, like the bottomless sea.

She couldn't read him, but being stared at like that made her face turn red.

Michael suppressed his desire, not forgetting his purpose for being there.

He took a step back, bent slightly, and extended a hand to Isabella, "Would you like to dance with me?"

Isabella was taken aback, "Here?"

Michael nodded, "Yes, here, just the two of us."

"But I'm wearing slippers."

It wasn't that she couldn't dance, but she always wanted to present her best side to Michael.

Dancing in slippers wasn't very graceful.

Besides, Michael might never know that she used to love clubbing and dancing because she had seen him dance at a party.

He stood tall and danced gracefully.

Under the spotlight, he looked like a prince.

She dreamed of being his dance partner, so she practiced in secret, hoping to one day confidently stand by his side.

But when she finally became good enough, she forgot the most important thing that she never had the chance to dance with Michael.

In their three years of marriage, he never took her to any social events. Her role was to stay home and wait for him every day until nightfall.

Now, she finally had this rare opportunity, but she didn't have the right heels for the occasion.

Just as Isabella was feeling sad and about to refuse, a pair of large hands held hers.

He pulled her into his arms, assuming a dance position.

"I just want to dance with you. It doesn't matter what shoes you're wearing. If you were wearing heels, I'd be worried. What if you hurt yourself?"

###chapter 274 Isabella Must Die!

Michael spoke with seriousness and determination, without a hint of perfunctoriness.

Isabella was now three months pregnant, and her belly was already showing. If she wore high heels to dance just to please him, then he would truly be a jerk.

In the distance, the sound of a violin could be heard. Michael held the petite Isabella in his arms, moving their feet to the rhythm of the music.

Isabella also went along, standing on tiptoe and immersing herself in the beautiful music with him.

The cruise ship slowly sailed into the depths of the sea, and the two of them, with their graceful dance moves, formed a unique and beautiful scene on the deck.

Meanwhile, in a locked room on the second floor.

Violet, who was supposed to sleep until noon the next day, suddenly struggled to lift a finger and then slowly opened her eyes.

Where was she?

In the pitch-black space, Violet propped up her weak body and reached out for the switch by the bedside.

She fumbled in the dark for a long time before finally hearing a click.

The blinding light fell from above, and Violet shielded her eyes for a moment before adjusting to her surroundings.

She was in a guest room.

Listening to the howling sea wind outside, she could confirm that she was still on the ship.

But how did she end up here alone?

Violet desperately tried to recall what had happened. She only remembered coming to the dining room with Michael and taking a sip of the red wine in front of her, and then she had no memory of what happened next.

She prided herself on not having such a poor tolerance for alcohol that she would pass out after just one sip.

It was clear that someone had set her up!

Thinking of this, her head suddenly ached. All signs indicated that she had been drugged!

It wasn't a life-threatening drug, but a sedative that put her into a deep sleep.

Looking at the completely dark night outside, Violet now only wanted to kill the person who drugged her.

To achieve her plan and complete a wonderful birthday trip with Michael, she had meticulously prepared for three whole days.

But just as she was about to succeed, someone drugged her at this critical moment!

Making her miss everything.

How could she not hate!

Who on earth had the audacity to drug her right under Michael's nose?

Violet clenched her fists tightly and, using the last bit of her strength, opened the door.

There was still some time before midnight. She couldn't give up the perfect opportunity to be with Michael on his birthday night.

Without a phone or a waiter, Violet could only support herself against the corridor walls, step by step, to find Michael.

She didn't know if the drug in her system was too strong, but it took her nearly an hour just to walk from the room to the outside.

She was drenched in cold sweat.

Fortunately, after coming out, she heard the music coming from the first floor, which was the location of the dance floor and the venue for Michael's birthday party.

He must be there!

With a goal in mind, Violet's eyes lit up.

She forced her weak body to walk step by step to the entrance of the first floor.

The music was so loud it made her head hurt. Seeing a group of people inside wearing masks and dancing wildly, Violet had no desire to join in.

After asking around and finding no one who had seen Michael, she had to look elsewhere.

But she had almost searched the entire yacht and still couldn't find Michael's whereabouts.

Just as she was about to give up, she walked out of the yacht to get some fresh air and clear her head. Unexpectedly, she saw a familiar figure on the deck not far away.

There was a faint sound of a violin, and under the soft light, two people were dancing gracefully.

Violet's heart tightened, and she walked closer to the two figures in disbelief.

It wasn't until she saw their faces clearly that her expression changed drastically.

It was the Michael she had been searching for, and that bitch Isabella.

Isabella had taken her place, clinging to Michael and dancing with him.

How could she have the nerve to do such a thing?

Michael belonged to her, Violet. He was hers alone.

Seeing Isabella happily nestled in Michael's arms, smiling up at him.

Violet clenched her fists tightly.

No wonder she had been asleep for so long.

It was all Isabella's doing.

Who else but Isabella could have drugged her right under Michael's nose?

Taking advantage of her unconsciousness, that bitch Isabella had taken the initiative to get close to Michael and replaced her.

Violet's eyes turned red with hatred.

Isabella kept saying she wanted to divorce Michael, but behind the scenes, she used every trick to seduce him.

Violet questioned Isabella inwardly, 'You two have been married for three years, and he has never touched you. Don't you have any self-awareness? Michael never likes you! The person he always likes is me, Violet. And Michael must have cooperated with you because he is concerned about my safety. It must be like this. Isabella, relying on your status of the Wilson Family, had even thrown away your dignity to snatch Michael?'

Seeing the two of them dancing together, Violet was so angry she wanted to push Isabella into the sea to vent her anger.

But she couldn't be so impulsive.

If she showed up now and said something wrong, what if Michael recognized her true nature?

Moreover, she didn't know what Isabella had said to Michael. If she rushed over, she might fall into Isabella's trap, which would be even more detrimental to her.

However, she already had a more direct plan in mind.

That was to make Isabella die!

Only if Isabella died, her identity and the child in her belly would no longer affect her.

And only after Isabella truly disappeared could she marry Michael without any worries and become the enviable Mrs. Brown.

Once the thought emerged, Violet couldn't wait to execute it immediately.

Violet wanted Isabella to know that no matter how noble her status was, no matter how many people pampered and protected her, as long as Violet made one phone call, Isabella must die!

Thinking of this, Violet gritted her teeth and took a deep breath, turning towards the first floor of the yacht.

Before going in, she checked her makeup in the glass of the outer hall.

It was still acceptable, except for her slightly messy hair, everything else was perfect.

After touching up her red lips, Violet casually tousled her long hair, letting it become even messier, and walked into the party with a sway in her high heels.

With her sexy strapless dress and seductive eyes, Violet immediately caught the attention of many people as soon as she entered.

She arrived late and wasn't wearing a mask. Her red lips and messy long hair made her the focus of the crowd.

The men were eager to know who Violet would choose.

Violet extended her finger and looked around, finally settling on an ordinary-looking man. She bit her red lips lightly, "You."

###chapter 275 A Long-Awaited Kiss

"Me?"

The selected man was stunned and stood up nervously.

Violet, wearing high heels, walked step by step towards him, gently tugged at his bow tie with her fingers, and asked softly with her eyes lowered, "Sir, I've got some trouble, could you give me a favor?"

Violet's voice was soft and charming, with a hint of weakness and pity. Ordinary men couldn't tell if she was genuinely seeking help or flirting with him.

He swallowed and could only say blankly, "Sure."

"Then, come with me."

She raised her hand and beckoned him, then ignored the gazes of the crowd and led him away.

There were whistles and cheers behind them.

Violet's actions were too obvious, even Ethan, who was drinking on the side, noticed.

He couldn't help but frown.

Wasn't she the rumored girlfriend of Michael, who had been in the spotlight recently?

What was her name again, Violet!

What was going on now?

At Michael's birthday party, his rumored girlfriend Violet was hitting on another man and even took him away in front of so many people?

Wasn't she blatantly stepping on Michael's dignity!

Ethan's mind was spinning.

He hadn't connected with Michael for a while, was he playing so openly recently?

"Mr. Martinez, do you also like that kind of slutty woman like Violet? Your eyes are glued to her. Don't forget, I'm your date tonight."

His date beside him was immediately displeased and clung to his arm to assert her dominance.

But Ethan couldn't care less about the woman beside him now; he just wanted to quickly tell Michael about this.

Although he didn't know if Michael and Violet were really together.

But a cheating woman like Violet, he could tolerate, but it didn't mean Michael could.

"Be good, sit here for a while, I have something to do outside."

As Ethan walked out, Violet on the other side got what she wanted.

"Sir, do you mind if I use your phone?"

Although the man didn't know what she wanted to do, he obediently handed her the phone.

Then Violet took the phone and handed the man a business card, "I'm buying your phone, as for compensation, you can ask this person."

After that, Violet took the phone to a quiet corner.

She dialed a number she knew by heart.

Soon, a familiar voice came from the other end of the phone, "Hello?"

Since hiding in Glamour Oasis, Harper had been very cautious, always confirming the caller's identity when receiving a strange call.

"Mom, it's Bianca."

Violet bit her lip. She originally didn't want Harper to do this, but now she couldn't bear it any longer.

"Bianca, why are you calling me at this time with a strange number? Did something happen?"

Hearing it was Bianca, Harper immediately changed her tone and asked about her situation nervously.

"Mom, I don't have time to explain everything to you now, I just want to ask you one thing."

"Go ahead, I'm listening."

Harper understood Bianca's current situation very well, so she didn't waste any words.

"Mom, last time you said you just needed to know Isabella's whereabouts to make her lose the bastard in her belly, how confident are you?"

Hearing Bianca mention Isabella, Harper immediately replied, "One hundred percent!"

"Bianca, as long as you can find out the whereabouts of that bitch Isabella, I guarantee the bastard in her belly won't survive. Then no one will be able to stand in your way, and I'll make sure you marry into the Brown Family."

Thinking of the future glory and wealth for the two of them, Harper couldn't wait to get rid of Isabella.

If it weren't for her being in the way, Bianca would have long become the hostess of the Brown Family.

She wouldn't have to hide in this small house, living in the shadows every day.

"Alright!" Hearing this, Violet made up her mind, "Mom, I'll send you Isabella's location now. Do whatever you want, but I have one condition. I don't just want the life of her child, she can't live either!"

"Bianca, don't worry, that bitch Isabella made our lives like this, I want her dead more than anyone."

After discussing the specific time, Violet hung up the phone and threw the phone into the sea without hesitation.

She murmured coldly, "Isabella, just wait! Soon you and your baby will leave this world forever."

On the other side.

After dancing two dances, Isabella was carried back to the top floor room by Michael.

It was cold outside, and he didn't want Isabella to catch a cold. Pregnant women couldn't take many medications, and he had already looked up these precautions.

He didn't want to miss a moment with her, so Michael had dinner sent directly to the room.

After dinner, the two lay side by side on the warm bed, not speaking, quietly watching the snowflakes falling from the sky.

Michael held Isabella's hand tightly.

They didn't seem like a couple about to divorce, but like lovers in the throes of passion.

Watching the snow, they chatted about trivial matters.

Perhaps it was the novelty of the experience.

Isabella felt surrounded by happiness.

Feeling the warmth from him, she felt exceptionally at ease.

After dancing outside, she was a bit tired and couldn't help but want to sleep.

Especially watching the snowflakes falling, she felt so warm and soft beside her, her eyelids grew heavy.

"Isabella, I'm very happy to have you here today, this is the best birthday I've ever had."

Michael propped his head with one hand, expressing his feelings in a good mood.

But after waiting for a long time, there was no response.

He couldn't help but turn to look at her, seeing her already asleep face, he couldn't help but smile.

He forgot she was still a pregnant woman, and this was a special period of drowsiness.

The warm light from the ceiling lamp fell on Isabella's face, and he couldn't help but lean closer, reaching out to touch her face.

Sensing the familiar presence, Isabella instinctively nuzzled against Michael's palm.

Michael's heart trembled.

His palm pressed closer to her.

The impulse in his heart made him want to do something to her, and before he realized it, he was already kissing her lips.

Isabella, whose breath was blocked, instinctively let out a soft moan, causing Michael's eyes to light up with joy.

He could no longer control his desire, kissing her deeply.

In her sleep, Isabella not only didn't resist but responded passionately, wrapping her arms around his neck and softly calling, "Michael."

###chapter 276 Violet is Missing

Michael felt a tightness in his lower abdomen, suppressing his desire, and only kissed her lips. It was only at this moment that he was willing to show his true feelings.

"Isabella, you start it. Don't think I'll let go again."

Just as the two were kissing passionately, a phone call interrupted their next move, also making Michael a bit more sober.

As he was about to get up, Isabella held onto him reluctantly.

Her brows furrowed, as if afraid he would leave.

He pressed his forehead against hers, breathing heavily, kissing her forehead to comfort her, "Not now, you and the baby are more important."

Whether it was his words that worked or not, Isabella no longer clung to him.

Michael got up, put his phone on silent, covered her with the blanket, and then went out to answer the call.

"What's up?"

The call was from Ethan, who was always asking him to go for a drink. Michael wasn't in a hurry.

Sure enough, the next second Ethan's teasing voice came through, "I say, Mr. Brown, today is your birthday party, the dance is almost over, where are you?"

"Don't tell me you called us all to the boat and then snuck off to enjoy yourself alone."

"No, I'm on the boat, got held up by something. Where are you? I'll come find you for a drink."

Taking advantage of Isabella's sleep, he might as well go check it out.

It wouldn't be good if he invited so many people to his birthday party and didn't show his face even once.

"I called you not to drink, but to ask you something."

Ethan got straight to the point, "What's going on with you and that girl named Violet? You invited her to your birthday party, and she dressed so sexy. Are you serious about her?"

"Let me tell you, you better be careful. You and Isabella aren't divorced yet. Bringing Violet out so urgently, where does that leave Isabella's dignity?"

In the end, Ethan was still on Isabella's side.

That Violet didn't seem like Michael's type at all. Who knew what spell he was under recently, bringing that restless woman around.

But these words made Michael immediately sense something was wrong.

"You said you saw Violet?"

With the drug he gave Violet, she shouldn't be awake at this time. How did Ethan see her?

Could she have woken up!

Realizing this, Michael's face instantly turned cold.

On the other end, Ethan, unaware of what had happened, responded in confusion.

"What kind of question is that? If I hadn't seen her, would I be calling you about this?"

"Let me tell you, Violet was flirting with a man in front of everyone. If you don't do something, I'm afraid she'll cheat on you soon."

"Got to go, I have something to do, won't come to you."

Before Ethan could finish, Michael decisively hung up the phone.

He immediately called Aaron, "Go to the guest room on the second floor now and see if Violet is still there. Hurry!"

"Yes, Mr. Brown."

Aaron didn't dare delay and quickly went over.

Two minutes later, Michael's phone rang again, Aaron's voice tinged with urgency, "Mr. Brown, she's gone."

Michael gripped his phone tightly, his face darkening.

He arranged for people to guard the top floor to protect Isabella, then quickly went to the room where Violet was held.

Everything inside was neatly in place, except for some signs of the blanket being pulled on the bed.

All actions indicated one thing: Violet woke up on her own.

Michael didn't say a word, but his aura was suffocating.

Aaron's face was also extremely grim. He was responsible for all the arrangements for this birthday party, and now that something went wrong, he bore the greatest responsibility.

But what made him angry wasn't the fear of being punished, but the significant role Violet's identity played.

If it weren't for wanting to use her to uncover the secrets of the Adri Family, Michael wouldn't have kept her around all the time.

And now, Violet disappeared under their control.

The clues they worked so hard to gather were now broken.

Aaron was furious, first rushing out to slap a bodyguard in the face, "I told you to guard here, is this how you guard? Where is she?"

Aaron used all his strength, making the nearly 6-foot-tall bodyguard in black take two steps back.

Knowing he was at fault, the bodyguard didn't dare lift his head, "Mr. Brown, it's our fault. We shouldn't have been careless and lost her."

"Please, Mr. Brown, forgive us this time for the sake of our years of service."

"Forgive?"

Aaron's eyes were bloodshot, pointing at them and cursing, "You lost her and want Mr. Brown to forgive you? Do you think Mr. Brown is running a charity, getting you paid for nothing?"

"The Brown Group doesn't keep useless people. If you don't find Violet today, you don't need to stay in the Brown Group anymore."

These words were not only Aaron's intention but also Michael's.

Hearing this, the bodyguard nervously got up and ran out.

The Brown Group's salary was the highest in the country. If they lost this job, no one would dare hire them anywhere else.

Aaron turned back to report to Michael, "Mr. Brown, it was due to the subordinates' negligence that Violet found an opportunity. Our people are now searching the yacht."

"Have you found her?"

Michael only wanted results!

Aaron's face changed slightly, not daring to say another word.

Since Michael hung up the phone, he had sent people out to search, but there was still no clue.

He smashed a glass with force, his voice cold, "Keep looking. Dead or alive, I want to see her. If you can't find Violet, don't come back. Understand?"

Aaron swallowed, "Understood."

Having been by Michael's side for years, it was the first time Aaron saw him so angry.

Violet disappeared without a trace, with no clues on the yacht. She probably sneaked off the boat when no one was around.

Now they not only had to continue searching the yacht but also notify people on shore to track Violet's whereabouts.

If they couldn't find her, even his job would be at risk.

While Aaron mobilized all resources to track Violet, Michael returned to the top floor to stay by Isabella's side.

With Violet missing, he was most worried about her.

What was certain now was that the Adri Family was backing Violet. Whatever she did wouldn't be surprising.

Moreover, according to the bodyguards' estimation, Violet left the room when he and Isabella were dancing on the rooftop.

Violet's feelings for him were no longer hidden. If she saw him and Isabella together, with her vengeful nature, she might harm Isabella and her unborn child.

###chapter 277 The Last Tenderness

He couldn't care less if it were someone else, but this concerned Isabella and their baby.

Just thinking about it made Michael unable to control the urge to catch Violet right now.

If anything happened to Isabella or the baby, he would go crazy!

In such a state of panic, Michael couldn't sleep at all.

When the sky began to lighten, Isabella opened her eyes to see Michael sitting beside her, gazing at her tenderly.

She was taken aback.

He was still there?

So everything from last night wasn't a dream.

Seeing the dark circles under Michael's eyes, Isabella asked in surprise, "Did you not sleep last night?"

"I couldn't sleep on the boat."

Michael casually made up an excuse, not wanting to miss any moment with her. He pointed to the sky outside and lay down beside her.

"It's still early, and it's cold outside. Do you want to watch the sunrise together before going back?"

Suddenly facing Michael's handsome face so close, Isabella momentarily forgot what she wanted to say.

Looking into his gradually softening eyes, she instinctively nodded. "Okay."

Michael's lips curled up. Looking at Isabella so close, he couldn't help but reach out and hug her through the blanket.

"It's so cold, let me warm up."

Knowing his excuse was terrible, Isabella still let him hold her.

Because she couldn't bear to lose this moment of warmth either.

The sunrise happened in an instant.

When the sunlight filled every corner of the room, Isabella's heart was also overwhelmed by the feeling of that moment.

She had tried so hard to forget Michael.

But it seemed that as long as he appeared, he could break all her defenses.

She had to admit that liking someone meant that no matter when, the feelings for him always remained in her heart.

The sunrise meant they would soon return to their own lives.

Michael tightened his arms reluctantly, feeling the warmth Isabella brought him. Finally, he asked the question that had been hidden in his heart.

It was also the answer he most wanted to know from Isabella after being hurt by Nolan.

"Isabella, do you regret marrying me?"

He had learned from Nolan that she had married the wrong person.

And he hadn't treated her well after marriage, deliberately neglecting her for three years.

After asking this question, he had already come to a conclusion in his heart.

If he hadn't been so excessive, how could she have initiated the divorce?

But he still wanted to hear it from her.

Was Nolan the only one in her heart, and had she never liked him at all?

No matter what she said, he would accept it.

But Isabella was stunned by the question.

She didn't understand how someone as proud as Michael could ask such a question.

Didn't he know how she had longed for his response over the past three years, even though every time they were together, it was she who took the initiative, but it always ended in failure?

She had never liked anyone as much as she liked him. From having a crush to marrying him, she had always been secretly happy.

She had even forced the marriage with the engagement contract. Such intense feelings, how could she regret it?

Love was beautiful.

But reality had given her a heavy blow.

Now, thinking back to her three years of marriage, Isabella fell silent.

Three years had worn down her patience and hope. She didn't dare to think about it anymore, nor did she dare to hope for anything.

Thinking of this, Isabella seemed to understand the meaning behind Michael's question.

She slowly freed herself from Michael's embrace, sat up, and faced him.

Looking into Michael's eyes, which were also expecting an answer, she took a deep breath.

After a moment, she gave the final comment on their marriage.

"Since we've come this far, let's not look back. There are more things in life worth pursuing."

As she spoke, Isabella's small hand unconsciously touched her rounded belly, her face glowing with a gentle light.

"Michael, sometimes I'm still very grateful to you for giving me this baby. At least, my future won't be lonely."

With that, she had made their paths clear.

If it weren't for this child, they wouldn't have stayed connected until now.

Their marriage had long ceased to exist. Now, it was Daniel and this baby that maintained their relationship.

He had given her this child, and she was satisfied.

As for his future, perhaps he would soon find someone he truly loved.

Even if she still had feelings for him, she shouldn't hold onto him anymore.

Since they were destined not to be together, she should be decisive and let Michael go.

It was the last bit of dignity she could preserve for both of them.

At this moment, Michael's face turned a few shades paler.

He couldn't say a word in rebuttal.

Isabella's explanation was tantamount to telling him that she loved someone else.

As for their marriage, whether she regretted it or not, she no longer cared!

Time was almost up. Isabella bit her lip, no longer lingering in the warmth that didn't belong to her.

"It's getting late. I should go back."

Her voice was soft, but her tone was different from before.

The sense of distance and unfamiliarity hit Michael so hard that he almost couldn't speak.

After a while, he suppressed his reluctance and nodded lightly, "I'll take you."

The yacht had docked in the early hours, and the guests had long since left.

Isabella and Michael were the last to disembark.

They walked towards the shore in silence.

As Isabella stepped down the stairs, she missed a step and fell backward. Fortunately, Michael caught her in time, narrowly avoiding an accident.

Isabella nervously clutched his clothes, and they stood on the deck, embracing for a moment.

Until Isabella realized it was inappropriate and quickly pushed him away.

She got off the boat safely.

Just as Michael was about to follow and drive her, Isabella shook her head at him.

"No need. I came here without telling Uncle Atticus and the others. If they find out you take me back, it will be even harder to explain. Michael, happy birthday. Goodbye."

With that, Isabella turned and left decisively, as if she had made up her mind.

After getting off the boat, the people Holden had sent to protect her immediately came over, opened the car door, and escorted her into the car, which quickly drove away.

Michael watched her disappear before his eyes.

Her words, "Michael, happy birthday," still echoed in his ears.

At that moment, Aaron came running over with a report, "Mr. Brown, we've found a lead on Ms. Cooper."

"Last night, she secretly used the spare speedboat on the yacht and went ashore early. Our people found her in a remote town in the western suburbs."

###chapter 278 Something Happened

"You got her?" Michael got straight to the point.

Aaron's face changed, and he replied with his head down, "We're on the way."

"Wait." Michael frowned, "I'll go to Violet myself. You take your subordinates and follow Isabella's car to escort her back. Call me once she's safely home."

As soon as Isabella got off the boat, the Wilson Family sent so many bodyguards to follow her. Perhaps the Wilson Family had already noticed the Adri Family's movements.

That's why they suddenly increased the protection for Isabella.

Now that Violet had suddenly disappeared, the other side was in the dark, and he couldn't predict what crazy things they might do, but he absolutely couldn't let anything happen to Isabella.

Since Isabella didn't want her uncles to see him, he could only have people follow her from a distance and make sure she got home safely before he could relax.

Hearing Michael's order, Aaron had no doubts, knowing that at this critical time, nothing was more important than Isabella's safety.

"Yes, Mr. Brown."

Aaron was very familiar with the route to Isabella's villa in Whispering Pines Estates and drove over with his men.

Meanwhile, Michael arranged his affairs and took a car to the small town in the western suburbs where Violet was hiding.

The western suburbs were close to the mountains. If he didn't catch her soon, once Violet ran into the mountains, it would be very difficult to find her.

Just halfway there, the car radio suddenly broadcasted an emergency news report.

"Just ten minutes ago, a major accident occurred on Elysian Bridge, the main hub road in Evergreen City. A car suddenly caught fire, causing a collision involving over a hundred vehicles, with heavy casualties."

Elysian Bridge?

Michael's vision went black, and he hurriedly shouted, "Stop the car!"

"Turn up the radio volume."

The bodyguard was startled and quickly followed Michael's instructions.

They heard the final part of the broadcast, "Emergency personnel are already on the scene. Please avoid the area and give way to emergency vehicles."

"Call Aaron and ask where Isabella is right now."

Michael was already drenched in cold sweat, his palms trembling uncontrollably. He could only have the bodyguard contact Aaron, who was following Isabella.

Isabella's residence in Whispering Pines Estates was built by the sea, and the route there had to pass Elysian Bridge.

Based on the timing, she was very likely on the bridge at that moment.

Michael's mind went blank at the thought.

No, this couldn't be!

She had so many people protecting her; nothing could happen to her.

Michael didn't want to think about the painful scenario, but the casualty numbers from the news kept echoing in his mind.

Over a hundred vehicles collided, with heavy casualties.

So many people were involved in the accident. What if Isabella was among them?

The thought of her lying in a pool of blood made Michael dizzy. He held on until Aaron's call came through.

But the noise on the other end of the line shattered Michael's last hope.

The call was from Aaron, but someone else was speaking.

"Mr. Brown, Aaron was injured by the explosion while trying to rescue Mrs. Brown's vehicle. He's unconscious at the scene now."

Before the bodyguard could say more, the voice of medical personnel came through the phone.

"The patient is severely injured and must be taken to the hospital for surgery immediately. There's no time to lose."

After that, the call was filled with static and then disconnected.

Michael's face turned pale instantly.

The bodyguard had just said Aaron was injured while rescuing Isabella's vehicle, which meant Isabella was at the scene, and...

He didn't believe it. He couldn't believe something had happened to Isabella.

Just a short while ago, she was with him, wishing him a happy birthday.

How could things have turned out like this?

If Aaron was severely injured while trying to rescue her, what about Isabella?

Was he going to lose her forever?

Their child hadn't even been born yet, and he hadn't confessed his feelings to her. How could she leave him like this?

Hospital.

The Elysian Bridge accident brought in over a hundred patients to the hospital, filling the lobby with family members.

The scene was chaotic.

On the way, Michael had already used his connections to track down information about Isabella.

No matter what had happened to her, he needed to know where she was. He had to see her.

But after searching for a long time, he couldn't find any information about Isabella.

He couldn't even find the details of the vehicle she was in.

Michael suspected that the Wilson Family had blocked the information.

But when he entered the hospital to look for her, Atticus and Holden were equally shocked by the news of the Elysian Bridge accident.

Listening to the emergency news on his phone, Holden's hands trembled with fear.

"How could this happen?"

When Isabella got off Michael's private yacht, he had specifically sent his men to pick her up.

That car was his.

But now Isabella was on that bridge, where an unprecedented explosion had occurred.

Isabella was in trouble!

No, it couldn't be.

Holden couldn't believe what he was hearing, but the fact was that Elysian Bridge was the only way back to the villa.

At the time of the incident, all the bodyguards escorting Isabella had lost contact.

Everything indicated that Isabella was involved in the accident.

He had brought Isabella back, only to cause her death.

He knew someone wanted to harm Isabella. Why couldn't he have been more vigilant?

Holden was filled with regret and surrounded by immense grief, but he couldn't collapse now.

There was still Daniel, who was recovering at home. He mustn't find out about this.

Daniel regarded Isabella as his most important junior. If he knew she had died in a car accident, he might have a heart attack on the spot.

Holden immediately contacted the Wilson Family's bodyguards to block all external information, especially today's news, from reaching Daniel.

Then he found Atticus and told him about the incident.

The two of them rushed to the nearest hospital to the scene.

They asked everyone but couldn't find Isabella's name, growing more anxious. They were about to head to the scene to look for clues about Isabella.

But at the hospital entrance, they unexpectedly ran into a hurried Michael.

Seeing Michael, the brothers were filled with rage and grabbed him by the collar, dragging him to a nearby empty lot.

The bodyguards nearby saw this and were about to intervene, but Michael stopped them, "Stay back."

Atticus and Holden were not only Isabella's uncles but also his uncles in name. He couldn't resist being reprimanded by his elders.

But he needed to know Isabella's current situation, "Atticus, Isabella..."

Hearing Michael dare to mention Isabella's name, Atticus's face turned livid with anger, and he couldn't hold back his fury any longer. He punched Michael in the face.

###chapter 279 Was It Her Doing?

Michael was caught off guard and took the hit solidly.

Atticus, a retired special forces soldier, hadn't fought in years, but he used all his strength in that punch, making Michael stagger back a few steps.

But he couldn't care less about the pain right now; all he could think about was Isabella.

He tried to reason with his two uncles, but Atticus, who was furious, wouldn't listen to his explanations and kept landing punch after punch on Michael.

As they hit him, they questioned him, "Michael, if you hadn't taken Isabella away, would she be in this mess now?"

"If you didn't like her, why did you torment her? She's carrying your child, you beast! You killed her!"

"Michael, you're not even human!"

The more Atticus cursed, the angrier he got. Isabella was the beloved young lady of the Wilson Family, and they cherished her dearly. But she had the misfortune of meeting a scumbag like Michael.

Michael had brought her to this point, and now that something had happened, she was nowhere to be found.

How could they not be heartbroken?

They wanted nothing more than to beat Michael to death to avenge Isabella.

It wasn't just Atticus; Holden also wanted to teach Michael, the bastard who caused Isabella's death, a harsh lesson.

Just as Holden was about to join in, Michael suddenly dodged, wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth with the back of his hand, and tried to explain to his uncles.

"Atticus, Holden, can you listen to me for a moment?"

"I had someone investigate before I came. There are no records of Isabella being admitted to any nearby hospitals, which means she might not have been caught in the explosion. She must still be alive."

This was the belief that had kept him going.

Isabella would be fine.

However, Michael's words only deceived himself.

They didn't stir any emotions in his uncles; instead, they further enraged Holden. He gritted his teeth and kicked Michael hard.

"Michael, do you think we're easy to fool? Wouldn't we know if something happened to Isabella?"

He grabbed Michael's collar fiercely. "Yes, the hospitals don't have any records of Isabella being admitted, but don't forget, her car was on the bridge where the accident happened. You know better than anyone why she was there!"

"If it weren't for your birthday party, she wouldn't have snuck out, and this wouldn't have happened."

Everything was Michael's fault.

If he hadn't invited her, Isabella wouldn't have taken the risk to go out.

"The scene on the bridge is still chaotic. Who can guarantee that Isabella was rescued? If anything happens to her, I swear the Wilson Family will use all our power to fight you to the end."

Holden's eyes were red with anger. He raised his hand to throw another punch, but Atticus stopped him.

"Holden, that's enough. This bastard isn't worth our time. Isabella is still waiting for us to find her and bring her home."

Even the usually stern Atticus choked up at the end.

When the incident first happened, Atticus had mobilized all his connections to search for people at the scene.

The scene was horrific.

The ground was littered with debris from the explosion and injured bystanders.

Because the explosion was so sudden, the cars behind couldn't avoid it, leading to a massive pile-up.

Many cars were pushed off the bridge and fell into the sea.

The cars left on the bridge were mostly crushed and deformed, with heavy casualties.

Among the people they sent to search for Isabella, they found a license plate with the Wilson Family's emblem in the center of the explosion.

When Atticus and Holden heard this, they were so shocked they almost couldn't stand.

They wanted to believe more than anyone that Isabella was the lucky one.

But the harsh reality was right in front of them. Even if they chose to deceive themselves, how long could they keep it up?

Atticus had experienced countless peacekeeping missions abroad and knew the survival rate in such major accidents.

When they arrived at the hospital, their last hope was shattered.

Isabella might really be gone.

So when they saw Michael, their first reaction was to teach him a lesson and avenge Isabella's death.

If they had known that marrying Michael would cause Isabella so much suffering and ultimately cost her life, they would have never agreed to the marriage.

Now, their top priority was to find Isabella and bring her home.

As for Michael, they wouldn't let him off.

Holden finally stopped, giving Michael a dark look. "Michael, just wait."

"Holden, don't go. What happened? Do you know something?"

Their reaction sent a chill down Michael's spine.

He was now inexplicably panicked.

The Brown Family and the Wilson Family were equally powerful. When he first heard the news about Isabella, he rushed back in a hurry.

The people he sent to investigate hadn't reported back yet, and the Wilson Family's attitude made him think of the worst possible outcome.

At this point, Holden spoke directly.

If Isabella was really gone, he wanted Michael to live in regret for the rest of his life.

"Isabella was being targeted a few days ago, and their goal was clear: they wanted her dead."

"We found out that the person behind this is likely the woman named Violet by your side!"

Holden revealed the truth.

Michael's affair with Violet was already known to their five uncles. If they weren't afraid of upsetting Isabella and hurting her and the baby, they would have beaten Michael up long ago.

So they had been secretly watching the two, waiting for Isabella to stabilize before teaching Michael and Violet a lesson.

Who knew that Violet had such a powerful force behind her and had harmed Isabella to this extent?

"Violet? How could it be her? That's impossible!"

Michael was stunned and immediately denied it.

To keep Violet as a spy, he had been with her almost every day to monitor her.

And last night, before Violet escaped the yacht, she was under constant watch. Isabella left at dawn.

Even if she had the intention, she couldn't have planned an explosion in such a short time.

There must be someone else behind this.

But what Michael didn't realize was that his eagerness to clear Violet's name only fueled these two uncles' anger.

Isabella and the baby were caught in the explosion, and Michael dared to defend his mistress Violet in front of them?

Holden gritted his teeth and spat at him, "Bastard, Isabella must have been blind to fall for you!"

###chapter 280 Isabella is Still Alive

They originally thought that Michael just didn't love Isabella, but the fact that he could manage the entire Brown Group's family business showed that he was still smart.

But now, he actually disregarded Isabella and their baby for the mistress Violet.

Atticus, with a dark expression, couldn't control his emotions and kicked Michael.

"Isabella has never treated you badly, and this is how you repay her. If you hadn't refused to divorce her, she wouldn't have been harmed by a mistress like Violet. Michael, remember this, if Isabella dies, it's all because of you!"

Atticus's voice was cold and harsh, and the pressure he exuded was suffocating.

Even Holden, who was beside him, was intimidated by Atticus's aura.

This was the first time he had seen Atticus so angry.

Atticus's hands were clenched into fists, as if he was ready to kill him.

"You just said that Isabella had been targeted for a while. Since when?"

Michael, enduring the severe pain in his body, leaned against the railing and gasped for breath.

When he discovered Isabella approaching Glamour Oasis, he had promptly advised her to stay away, thinking that this would keep her out of danger.

He didn't expect that those people were not only targeting him but also extending their reach to Isabella.

Hearing that Michael hadn't even considered Isabella's safety, Atticus felt even more heartbroken.

"Isabella has never had any enemies, but just when you got involved with this woman named Violet, someone offered a high price for every piece of information about her."

"Michael, now you know when she was targeted?"

Atticus pressed him with questions, not giving Michael any chance to catch his breath.

"Things have come to this point, and you're still protecting that murderer Violet. Can you look me in the eye and say that this has nothing to do with your hidden mistress Violet?"

Michael knew he was in the wrong but also knew that arguing at this moment was pointless.

He thought carefully and asked, "Atticus, Holden, since you know Isabella was targeted, did you find any useful clues at that time?"

"I suspect that this matter involves more than just Violet; there might be a larger force behind her."

"What do you mean by that? Are you trying to exonerate Violet?" Holden retorted.

Michael shook his head seriously. He thought of something he had overlooked and looked up at Atticus, "Atticus, when you were stationed abroad in your youth, did you ever hear of the Adri Family?"

As the eldest son of the Wilson Family, Atticus's thoughts were naturally sharper than most. He immediately reacted.

"Are you saying that Isabella might have been targeted by someone from this family, which is why she was harmed?"

Michael didn't believe that Isabella would really be in trouble, but hearing the word "harmed" repeatedly from his uncles made his heart ache.

Suppressing the pain in his heart, he continued, "What we can confirm is that Violet was sent by this family to approach me. If this explosion conspiracy is indeed related to her, it means that the Adri Family is the one trying to harm Isabella."

Hearing this, Atticus and Holden exchanged a glance, not fully trusting Michael's words.

Especially Holden, who couldn't calm down to discuss the reasons behind it when Isabella was still missing.

"Atticus, don't believe his nonsense. Isabella's current whereabouts are unknown because of him. Investigating the people behind this is for later. Right now, I just want to avenge Isabella."

"Holden, listen to me. I don't believe Isabella is really..."

"Shut up!"

Holden couldn't listen to another word. Seeing Michael's face made him want to beat him up.

Atticus didn't intervene but didn't stop it either.

Michael's bodyguards, having received previous orders, didn't dare to step forward and could only watch as Michael was beaten black and blue.

Just when they thought Michael might not make it through today, a man in a wheelchair was pushed in front of them.

"Stop it!"

Seeing the chaotic scene, especially Michael's battered face, Nolan frowned and promptly stopped Holden.

"Holden, stop."

Seeing that it was Nolan, Holden recognized him and, after landing one last punch on Michael's face, got up angrily.

He said to Nolan, "You're Nolan from the Brown Family? I know you usually treat Isabella well, but today's matter has nothing to do with you. We won't trouble the Brown Family. How we punish Michael is our private matter, and you can't interfere."

His words clearly indicated that he thought Nolan was meddling.

Holden frowned and waved him off, but Nolan had no intention of leaving. Instead, he wheeled himself in front of Holden.

"Holden, I know you're very angry right now, but I'm here not just for Michael, but for Isabella."

"What did you say?"

Holden raised an eyebrow, not believing what he heard.

Nolan took a deep breath, "Because I believe Isabella is not in trouble; she's still alive."

The words "she's still alive" instantly reignited hope in the three men.

But soon, Atticus and Holden lowered their heads, smiling bitterly.

As Isabella's uncles, they desperately wanted to believe she was still alive, but the explosion at the scene was so severe that not only people but even cars were burned to a crisp.

Moreover, the incident happened at Elysian Bridge, with no escape route other than the sea.

How could they believe that a pregnant woman like Isabella could survive such an accident?

"Nolan, I know you're trying to use this reason to save Michael, but do you believe what you're saying? The car Isabella was in was consumed by flames. How can we believe she's still alive? Leave!" Holden, filled with grief and anger, gestured for Nolan to leave.

Otherwise, he might lose control and even beat up Nolan, a member of the Brown Family.

Seeing this, Nolan knew that the three men in front of him were deeply saddened and wouldn't believe his words.

The only one who might believe him was already beaten to the point of dizziness, struggling to sit up.

"Nolan, say it again?"

Michael's voice was hoarse. Whether it was true or not, he was grateful for Nolan's words.

Nothing could make him more excited than someone firmly believing that Isabella was still alive.

"It's true, Isabella is still alive."

Knowing that these men didn't believe him, Nolan took out his phone from his pocket, pulled up a video, and showed it to Atticus and Holden.

"Atticus, Holden, look, before the accident happened, Isabella's car didn't drive onto the bridge."

###chapter 281 Suppress Michael

Upon hearing this, Atticus quickly grabbed the phone, and Holden followed closely to look.

Michael wanted to take a look but was scared off by a glance from Holden, standing obediently to the side listening to Nolan's explanation.

Nothing could bring him more peace than knowing Isabella was still alive.

Even facing Nolan, who wanted to compete with him for Isabella, he found him more agreeable.

The surveillance footage captured the time when Isabella would appear, and just two minutes later, Holden's eyes suddenly lit up.

Pointing at the license plates of several speeding cars on the phone, he said, "Atticus, these are the cars I sent to pick up Isabella."

But Atticus frowned and looked up at Nolan, "These cars all went onto Elysian Bridge. What do you mean by showing us this?"

Before Nolan could explain the misunderstanding, Holden shouted in surprise, "Atticus, it's true, he said it's true!"

"Although I don't remember how many cars were sent out, the one you specially modified for Isabella is not among them. This means Isabella might really not have gone onto that bridge."

Atticus and Holden exchanged glances, reading joy and happiness in each other's eyes.

Isabella was really safe.

Atticus returned the phone to Nolan and thanked him solemnly, "Thanks to you today, the Wilson Family won't forget this favor."

Nolan just shook his head lightly, "No need for that, Atticus. It was my duty."

Atticus's impression of him deepened.

The Wilson Family had investigated these matters, but to discover the problem in such a short time and keenly observe the missing car from the surveillance footage was no small feat.

Nolan was definitely not simple.

It was said that before Michael became the sole heir, the Brown Family's business had flourished under Nolan's hands.

In just a few years, the Brown Group had expanded more than double, even making impressive strides overseas, earning the admiration of many enterprises.

He had significantly contributed to the Brown Group's economic status in the country.

However, after those few years, Nolan suddenly disappeared without a trace, so in Atticus's eyes, Nolan was just a smart businessman.

But now, after this incident, Atticus had a newfound appreciation and admiration for him.

If Nolan had been chosen as the heir of the Brown Group, perhaps it wouldn't have developed any worse than it did under Michael.

Unfortunately...

Atticus's gaze fell on Nolan's legs in the wheelchair, a flash of sympathy in his eyes.

Holden didn't understand what Atticus was thinking. He only knew that Nolan was the first to discover the clue about Isabella.

To him, Nolan was a benefactor to the Wilson Family.

"Nolan, if you ever need anything, just let us know. Atticus is right; the Wilson Family won't forget this favor."

Atticus was now eager to see Isabella's safety with his own eyes, ignoring everything else. He cast a warning glance at Michael and hurriedly left with Holden.

As they left, Holden glanced at Nolan in the wheelchair and turned to Atticus.

"Atticus, don't you think the Brown brothers look too similar? But I think this Nolan is quite reliable. It would be great if Isabella liked him."

These words naturally reached Michael's ears.

A few minutes later, only Michael and Nolan were left.

Michael, relieved to know Isabella was safe, sat on a nearby bench, his eyes falling on Nolan.

They had grown up together, and Michael knew Nolan's abilities and intelligence better than anyone.

That's why, when he first took over the Brown Group, Aiden always compared him to Nolan.

Because in this family, the only one who could rival him was Nolan.

But now, he was puzzled by one thing.

Given Nolan's feelings for Isabella, if he knew she had survived a big explosion and found clues that she was still alive, why didn't he find her at that moment?

When she was most vulnerable and insecure, giving her a hug would have been the best way to win her heart.

But instead, he brought people here just to tell Atticus and Holden the clues?

Despite his many doubts, Michael chose to believe him.

After all, it was Nolan who brought the news that Isabella was still alive when he was at his weakest.

Nothing was more important than that.

The two looked at each other, Michael pale and battered, while Nolan, sitting in the wheelchair, looked like a noble gentleman, calm and composed, without a crease on his clothes.

Neither spoke, and finally, Nolan broke the silence.

"Michael, I brought such good news and saved you from Atticus and Holden. Don't you have anything to say?"

Nolan's eyes gleamed with pride, and his mouth curled up in an undisguised smile.

After years of rivalry, if Michael couldn't see through Nolan's intentions now, he would have wasted all those years as an opponent.

Especially Holden's words before leaving, which served as a heavy reminder.

He thought Nolan had come to save him out of goodwill.

But in reality, Nolan had anticipated that the Wilson Family would be the most anxious if something happened to Isabella, so he waited for this opportunity.

When he was beaten to a pulp by his uncles, Nolan appeared and spread the news that Isabella was still alive.

The Wilson Family was in chaos, and Nolan's words were like a savior descending from the sky. Naturally, they treated him as a benefactor.

So, his target was getting favored by the Wilson Family, not just to save him.

Nolan was indeed smart, knowing that the most important step to winning Isabella was to win over her family.

Michael lowered his head and sneered, "What do you want me to say, thank you? Nolan, you can pretend in front of others, but in front of me, you're still the same as before, unchanged."

"But I must admit, you played this move well, leaving a good impression on the Wilson Family. But don't be too happy too soon. Isabella is mine. As long as we're not truly divorced, you can't take her away!"

Nolan not only made an appearance in front of the Wilson Family but also took the opportunity to suppress him.

Nolan was indeed someone Aiden remembered for years, very smart.

But he wouldn't back down easily.

As long as Isabella was alive, he still had hope.

###chapter 282 Take Action Immediately

Upon hearing this, Nolan sneered unceremoniously, "You've ended up like this, and you still won't let go of Isabella. I really underestimated you. But I hope you can hold on till the end."

He pushed his wheelchair forward, taking a step closer to Michael.

"Almost forgot to tell you, this is just the first step of my plan. I will make you watch as Isabella comes back to me and becomes my wife."

After saying this, he called over his bodyguard, who pushed him away.

Watching Nolan's extremely smug figure, Michael clenched his fists tightly. He didn't believe Isabella would really be with Nolan.

She had feelings for him; otherwise, she wouldn't have attended his birthday party.

He would never let go of Isabella.

Outside Glamour Oasis.

Meanwhile, sitting in the car, Isabella was shocked and sympathetic towards the injured when she saw the explosive news online. She was also amazed at her own luck for narrowly escaping the disaster.

She had almost been caught in that explosion.

At that time, her car was about to enter the Elysian Bridge when she suddenly received a phone call.

The caller reported that Harper had appeared.

And it wasn't just her; a group of people had quietly moved from Glamour Oasis, abandoning the store. They were clearly planning to escape!

The bodyguard monitoring Harper immediately called Isabella upon discovering this.

At that moment, she was on her way home, quite a distance from Glamour Oasis, but nothing could stop her from capturing Harper.

So, she urgently had the car change direction and head straight to Glamour Oasis.

It was this decision that allowed her to narrowly escape the explosion.

Now, having just arrived at the location, the waiting bodyguard immediately reported, "Ms. Taylor, as per your instructions, we have people following Harper's car. Should we capture her? Awaiting your orders."

Looking at the closed beauty salon, Isabella paused before speaking.

Shadow was right; it wasn't that the Wilson Family's people were incompetent, but that the force behind Harper was very powerful.

Harper, an ordinary person, had been hiding here for almost two months without being discovered.

The force behind her must be terrifying.

And the reason Harper could connect with such a force was most likely because of Violet, also known as Bianca, her daughter.

To unravel all these mysteries, she couldn't act impulsively now.

"Tell them not to act yet, keep following. I want to know her ultimate goal."

Isabella finished speaking and gestured to the bodyguard in front, "Let's go."

The bodyguard was startled, "Ms. Taylor, your body might not withstand long travel, and if there's any danger..."

They were sent by Holden to protect Isabella. If anything happened to her, none of them would escape responsibility.

"If necessary, we'll follow them. Ms. Taylor, you should stay."

"Stop talking nonsense, I must go today."

Isabella gave a direct order.

She had already let Harper escape once; she couldn't let her have a second chance.

She had been investigating Grace's death for years without finding the real cause. If she guessed correctly, Harper was involved in Grace's death.

As the murderer of Grace, how could she let Harper escape right before her eyes!

As for the child...

Isabella placed her hands on her swollen belly, took a deep breath, and decisively fastened her seatbelt, "Follow them, don't waste time."

She believed the child would understand her actions.

Grace's death couldn't go unresolved.

To ensure Isabella's safety, the people guarding Glamour Oasis also drove behind her, chasing after Harper.

The car drove to the sparsely populated western suburbs when Isabella received another call.

"Ms. Taylor, Harper's group suddenly dispersed in a small town, and all the cars drove into alleys. It seems they've discovered our tracking. What should we do now?"

The voice on the other end was urgent, waiting for Isabella's order to capture Harper.

If they delayed any longer, Harper would be lost.

"Take action!" Isabella decisively gave the order.

Originally, she wanted to use this opportunity to capture the people behind Harper, saving herself from being constantly watched.

But now, if she hesitated, Harper would escape.

Since she could only choose one, she would capture Harper first.

As for the people behind her, since they were targeting her, they would eventually reveal themselves.

"Yes, Ms. Taylor!"

Upon receiving the order, the bodyguards immediately pursued.

Isabella also sped up, racing towards the rendezvous point.

On the way, Isabella repeatedly urged to speed up, but the bodyguards, seeing the uneven road ahead, drove cautiously.

Even a small bump made them break out in a cold sweat.

They were afraid of affecting the child in Isabella's belly.

That child was valued by both the Brown Family and the Wilson Family. If anything happened, their lives wouldn't be enough to compensate.

Fortunately, with guidance from the front, they took the outer roads and finally found Harper's car in front of an uninhabited building.

By then, the Wilson Family's bodyguards had already forced Harper's group inside.

The entrance was also guarded.

When Isabella got out of the car, the waiting bodyguard quickly approached and bowed to her, "Ms. Taylor, Harper is inside. We've secured the outside. Should we capture her now?"

Isabella glanced at the dilapidated house and gestured for the bodyguard to wait, a glint in her eye.

"I've been searching for so long, let me meet her first."

Harper was very cunning. She had used some tricks to seduce Indigo and had always denied involvement in Grace's death.

If it weren't for her memories, she might have been deceived by Harper's acting.

After the tense chase, Isabella's belly felt tight.

She gently stroked her belly, calming the child and herself, and walked towards the house.

Just as she was about to push the door open, a scream came from inside. It was Harper.

"Who are you? Why are you following me? How much do you want? I'll give you all the money, okay?"

A black package appeared in the door crack, followed by Harper's stammering voice.

"I didn't see your faces. Take the money and leave. I promise not to say anything."

###chapter 283 Unjustly Beaten

Isabella sneered, "Who cares about your money? Stop hiding and come out."

"Who, who are you?"

Hearing this voice, Harper looked like he had seen a ghost, even more panicked than before. He accidentally stepped on something and tripped himself.

Isabella found it odd and didn't want to waste time. She waved her hand, signaling the bodyguard to kick the door open and rush in.

The moment Harper saw Isabella appear in front of him, he suddenly screamed.

"Holly crap! Don't come after me, it wasn't me."

Seeing Harper's crazed appearance, the bodyguard immediately stood in front of Isabella.

Isabella didn't know what was going on with Harper, but no matter what tricks Harper had up her sleeve, she had to capture her today.

She raised her hand, signaling the bodyguard to step aside, and walked step by step towards Harper, saying in a deep voice, "Harper, I've been looking for you for a long time. Stop pretending to be crazy."

"You killed my mother, Grace. How could I ever let you go? From the day you escaped from the hospital, you should have known what your fate would be."

As Isabella approached, Harper's face turned even paler, as if he was terrified.

She hugged her head with both hands, trembling all over.

How could Isabella be here?

This was impossible!

She had arranged everything, and the other party assured her that nothing would go wrong. She even heard on the phone that Isabella's car was on Elysian Bridge.

The explosion happened, so how could Isabella be standing in front of her alive?

Wasn't Isabella supposed to die in that explosion?

What on earth was going on?

"No, this must be an illusion. Isabella is already dead. She can't be Isabella. My plan couldn't have gone wrong." Harper curled up, muttering to herself, as if she had suffered a great mental shock and had lost her mind.

Seeing this, Isabella didn't bother to say anything more. She ordered her people to tie Harper up and take her away.

Then she rushed back to Whispering Pines Estates.

Driving quickly, Isabella's car happened to meet Atticus and Holden at the intersection.

Seeing that it was the Wilson Family's vehicle, and specifically Isabella's car, her two uncles didn't care about the car parked by the roadside. They opened the door and ran over.

It wasn't until Isabella was thoroughly checked by her two uncles that she realized how worried and anxious they had been during the hour she was gone.

"Uncle Atticus, why are you here too?" Isabella asked curiously, seeing the worried Atticus.

"What do you think? You almost scared Atticus and me to death. Why didn't you tell us you changed your route at the last minute?" Holden was extremely anxious. Seeing Isabella return safely, he was on the verge of tears.

He held Isabella's hand, unwilling to let go.

Isabella was stunned.

She thought her uncles, with their intelligence, would have realized she didn't get on that bridge. But she was in such a hurry to chase Harper that she didn't think that far.

Seeing Atticus and Holden so worried about her, Isabella felt warm inside. It turned out her uncles cared so much about her.

"Uncle Holden, don't cry. I'm fine, nothing happened. Don't worry."

Isabella patted Holden's arm, gently comforting him.

Holden took a deep breath and couldn't help but tell her about the explosion, "How can I not worry? The Wilson Family's car was among those that exploded. The car was blown to pieces."

"If you hadn't luckily escaped, Atticus and I would probably be in the hospital from the shock."

"That serious?"

Isabella frowned deeply. She hadn't expected the cars that didn't leave with her to encounter such danger.

If she had been among them, wouldn't she have been...

Isabella didn't dare to think further.

No wonder Atticus and Holden looked so pale. They hadn't realized she had changed direction before entering the bridge.

"It's my fault. I didn't call you immediately to let you know I was safe, making you worry about me."

"As long as you're okay. I'll have the news of the closure lifted and let Dadl know you're safe so he won't be scared."

Since Isabella had returned safely, Atticus felt relieved.

Holden took a deep breath, his emotions calming down.

"Isabella, you don't know. When Atticus and I got the news, our legs went weak. If Nolan from the Brown Family hadn't said you were alive and showed us proof, Atticus and I would have probably beaten that scoundrel Michael to a pulp!"

Hearing this, Isabella was stunned.

She thought she had misheard and asked in confusion, "Uncle Holden, weren't you looking for me? Why would you beat Michael?"

Given Holden and Atticus's emotions and state at the time, Isabella had no doubt they would have beaten him severely.

At this moment, Holden, hearing Isabella's question, showed no regret. On the contrary, he felt justified.

"I just wanted to! If it weren't for his insistence on having a birthday party at sea, you would be safely resting at home, and none of this danger would have happened. Just thinking about it makes me angry. I should have kicked him again."

Hearing Holden's angry tone, Isabella shook her head helplessly.

Thinking about Michael getting beaten for no reason, and by her two uncles no less, Isabella felt speechless.

Maybe after she finished her current business, she should go see Michael and explain the reason on behalf of her uncles.

They were about to get divorced, and she no longer wanted to owe him anything.

"But what does this have to do with Nolan? Why was he there?"

In Isabella's memory, Nolan rarely got involved in the Brown Family's affairs, especially Michael's personal matters.

And the school was so far from here. Did he rush over upon hearing the news?

Unexpectedly, this question made Holden's eyes light up.

He grabbed Isabella's hand and started talking.

"Isabella, I have to tell you about this. Although it's my first time meeting Michael's brother Nolan, I think he's much better than that scoundrel Michael. He looks gentle and kind, and I'm sure he's a caring man!"

Thinking about the Brown Family having someone who looked like Michael but had a completely different personality, Holden felt like he had found the perfect replacement.

Isabella hadn't divorced Michael because she couldn't let go of that scoundrel, right?

Now, with someone who looked like him but was a good family man, Nolan, if they could be together, wouldn't that solve all the problems in one go?

Holden now wanted to tell Isabella all the good things about Nolan.

He had wanted to discuss it with Atticus earlier, but Atticus wasn't interested in such matters. Now that Isabella was back, how could he miss this opportunity?

###chapter 284 It Was Not an Accident at All

Seeing that Holden was getting more and more enthusiastic, Isabella pursed her lips and looked helplessly at Atticus.

Atticus had been nagged by Holden all the way, and now that he had finally gotten rid of Holden, he quickly coughed and took out his phone to indicate.

"Sorry, I'll make a call to Dad first. You guys go ahead."

"Uncle Atticus, You can't leave me alone!"

Isabella reached out to walk with Atticus, but the next second she was pulled into the car by Holden, "Atticus is busy, we'll wait for him at home."

With that, he signaled the bodyguard to drive.

On the way back home, Holden didn't miss the chance to talk to Isabella about his admiration for Nolan.

"Isabella, I'm not lying to you, that Nolan really looks good. If you were with him, it would definitely be much better than being with that jerk Michael."

The more he talked, the more it sounded wrong.

Isabella's eyes widened instantly, and she couldn't care less about the bodyguard in the car, immediately retorting.

"Uncle Holden, you can't say things like that. Not to mention that Michael and I haven't divorced yet, even if we did, I can't just be with Nolan right after divorce, can I?"

"If this gets out, what will happen to the Wilson family's reputation? What will people say about the relationship between our two families? Or are you saying I must be entangled with the Brown family?"

Isabella took a deep breath, afraid that Holden wouldn't be able to handle it.

She really wanted to ask if his brain was muddled.

He didn't even think about it, she was still pregnant with Michael's child. If she got together with Nolan, wouldn't that mess up the relationships and ethics?

When the child was born, should they call Michael "Dad" or "Uncle"?

She had to make it clear to Holden that this kind of thinking was unacceptable.

Besides, she only had friendship and familial affection for Nolan. How could she use him as a substitute just because he looked like Michael?

That would be unfair to Nolan and to Michael as well.

After all, she chose to marry Michael because she liked him enough, not for any other reason.

Isabella's words made Holden have to rethink.

Soon, he realized something was wrong.

Yeah, why should his beloved Isabella divorce Michael Brown and still have to marry another Brown?

Isabella wasn't that desperate!

"That's right, why should you have to be with a Brown? Our Isabella is so beautiful, why worry about finding a good man?"

Actually, it wasn't his fault for thinking this way.

In Holden's impression, the reason Isabella liked Michael so much was simply because of his good looks.

Thinking that there was now a Nolan who looked very similar to Michael, and Nolan spoke and acted in a steady manner.

He immediately had the idea of using Nolan as a substitute for Michael.

Let Isabella fulfill two wishes at once.

However, he seemed to have oversimplified the matter.

At this moment, the car stopped in front of the villa, and Holden also stopped talking.

After a while, Atticus, who had finished his call, came over. Isabella had already changed into casual clothes and was sitting on the sofa.

She was holding a bowl of hot porridge made by Cinda.

After Atticus came over, he waited for her to finish eating before talking about the main issue.

"Isabella, at that time, almost all the vehicles escorting you were on Elysian Bridge, but your car disappeared on the way. Did something happen?"

Atticus knew that their bodyguards were all well-trained and would never do anything out of line unless Isabella gave the order.

So, he was worried if Isabella had encountered something on the way.

Knowing that she couldn't hide this from Atticus, Isabella didn't plan to conceal it.

She nodded, "At that time, I received a call, Harper appeared, the situation was urgent, I didn't have time to think, so I had the car turn around and went to Glamour Oasis."

"It was also at that time that I noticed the Brown family's bodyguards following our car. Not knowing what they were up to, I had the others continue on the original route while I quietly left with some people. I just didn't expect..."

That such a serious accident would happen.

Thinking of the bodyguards who usually protected her getting seriously injured, and some even losing their lives on the spot, Isabella felt waves of sadness.

If she could have predicted the consequences, she would never have let them enter Elysian Bridge.

"Uncle Atticus, how are they now?"

Atticus's tone was heavy, "Those who were seriously injured, the Wilson family will provide them with the best medical care. As for those who didn't make it, the Wilson family will give a large compensation to ensure their families' future lives."

Isabella nodded, "When things settle down, I want to personally visit their families."

Atticus patted Isabella's hand comfortingly, "Alright, this explosion came too suddenly. The matter is still under investigation. Once everything is handled, I'll go with you."

"However, what we need to focus on now is why this happened. We need to know that our Wilson family vehicles are the most secure, but at the scene, our vehicles were not only severely burned but also had signs of strong impact."

Hearing this, Holden's eyes darkened, "Atticus, I suspect this was a premeditated explosion, and their target was likely Isabella."

This was not an accident at all.

If it were just a sudden explosion, why were only the Wilson family's vehicles reduced to fragments, with the highest casualties?

Isabella's heart tightened.

Thinking of the shock she felt when she saw the explosion on her phone, with hundreds of cars affected, hundreds injured, and some losing their lives on the spot.

She didn't know when she had offended such a big figure.

Who could be behind this?

Who had the power and background to plan such a large-scale car accident just to kill her?

Suddenly, a suspicious face appeared in Isabella's mind.

She clenched her fists and said, "Uncle Atticus, I have a suspect. Maybe she can help us solve this mystery."

"Who?"

Atticus and Holden looked at Isabella simultaneously. Under her serious expression, a bodyguard brought in a person with hands and feet tied.

"Take off the black cloth on her head."

At Isabella's command, the bodyguard pulled off the black cloth covering the kneeling person's head, revealing a face full of fear and panic.

It was Harper, who had been captured.

She had been blindfolded all the way, and now suddenly exposed to the sunlight, Harper instinctively lowered her head to avoid it until she adjusted to the indoor light.

Only then did she see the three people sitting in front of her.

Two sharp-eyed men were looking at her with hostility, and the petite woman sitting between them, Harper recognized at a glance.

After all, she wanted to scar that face more than anyone.

"Isabella!"

Harper took a deep breath, her face as white as paper, trembling as she spoke, "Even if you turn into a ghost, I'm not afraid of you!"

###chapter 285 A Bunch of Good-for-Nothings

Hearing this, Isabella laughed.

When she caught Harper, she didn't understand what Harper's crazy words meant at the time, but now, thinking about the explosion, it all seemed to make sense.

Harper's hands and feet were tied, and Isabella stood up, walked over to Harper, and slowly squatted down to let Harper see her clearly.

A cold light flashed in Isabella's eyes, "Harper, take a good look with your eyes, am I a ghost?"

Harper was on the verge of a mental breakdown, now seeing Isabella standing alive in front of her.

It was more unbearable than killing her.

"No! You're not human, you should have died long ago, you can't be alive."

Harper, lying on the ground, seemed to go mad, suddenly shaking her head frantically and shouting.

She had used every means to try to kill Isabella, and now Isabella was standing right in front of her, how could she accept it?

Meanwhile, on the other side.

In a remote town near the mountains in the western suburbs, Violet, under the protection of her people, entered an uninhabited house.

The inside was in ruins, and she frowned, covering her mouth, disdainfully instructing her subordinates to clean up quickly.

Harper would be coming to meet her soon!

She didn't know how they managed things, even if it was a temporary hideout, they should have found a livable house.

She couldn't tolerate such an environment.

"Clean it up a bit, then go to town and buy some new daily necessities, change into casual clothes before going out, and don't let anyone discover our whereabouts."

After giving the instructions, Violet found a clean spot to sit down, opened her phone to check if Michael had called her.

As soon as she turned on her phone, news about the Elysian Bridge explosion popped up.

Violet became interested, quickly browsing through the whole incident, initially treating it as an indifferent report, but by the end, she couldn't help but curl her lips.

She had underestimated Harper's methods.

She had thought Harper would just spend some money to find a few low-life men, drug Isabella, get rid of the baby in her belly, and humiliate her a bit.

Who would have thought that Harper would set up an explosion for Isabella?

This time, Isabella was sure to die!

And such a major accident would generally be attributed to an accident, no one would suspect her and Harper.

Ruthless methods, without leaving any evidence.

Violet couldn't help but admire Harper's execution ability.

And all she needed to do was wait quietly for the news of Isabella's death, for everything to settle.

Then she would appear in front of Michael with a suitable reason, disguising herself as a victim, and with Michael's love for her, he wouldn't suspect much.

By then, the position of Mrs. Brown, all the glory of the Brown Family, would belong to her alone.

Isabella, a dead person, wouldn't have a chance to compete.

Thinking about the near future, where she would become the high and mighty wife of Michael, Violet's mood instantly improved.

Even the dilapidated house in front of her became bearable.

She just needed to endure for a while, and everything she wanted would be hers.

Just then, the phone rang; it was from Renee.

Violet frowned, wasn't it still a few days before her facial appointment, why was Renee always rushing her?

But she still had to answer the call, after all, she needed them to maintain her face.

Thinking of this, Violet pressed the answer button, "What's the matter?"

On the other end, Renee was extremely nervous, "Ms. Cooper, we got a huge problem."

Violet's brow twitched, she was already annoyed hiding in the mountains, and hearing this made her even more irritated.

"What a huge problem, and didn't I tell you to have some people to escort my mom here, why haven't I seen her yet, what are you people doing!"

Hearing this, Renee broke out in a cold sweat, hurriedly saying, "Ms. Cooper, the problem is with Ms. Clark, she was intercepted on the way!"

"What?"

Violet shouted, almost unable to believe what she was hearing.

Renee tried to calm down and told Violet what she had learned.

"Our people were escorting Ms. Clark when they were targeted by a car. It wasn't until they reached the town that they realized the other party's intention. To avoid exposing your identity and location, our people had to change direction, but those people directly intercepted Ms. Clark and took her away."

Violet took a deep breath, gritting her teeth.

"A bunch of craps! Renee, my mom finally got out of the beauty salon, and this is how you protect her, what are you doing?"

"She was discovered as soon as she came out, and followed all the way, don't you think there might be a mole among your subordinates who leaked my mom's whereabouts?"

In her anger, Violet wanted to drag Renee out of the phone and strangle her.

Her curses became harsher with each sentence.

Renee couldn't explain, after all, Harper was lost under her watch.

She could only say truthfully, "Ms. Cooper, Ms. Clark's identity is special, we could only use the minimum number of people to escort her to avoid being discovered, but those people were too covert, by the time we realized their intention, it was too late."

"Moreover, Ms. Clark brought too much attention-grabbing luggage when she left, we tried to persuade her to leave it behind, but she wouldn't listen. When those people confirmed Ms. Clark's identity and came to take her, we were no match for them."

"As for the mole, I will investigate and give you an explanation as soon as possible."

Renee's words were reasonable, and her attitude was proper.

Since things had come to this, she didn't take all the blame on herself.

She would take responsibility for what was hers, but she wouldn't lower herself for what wasn't.

She and Violet were not in a superior-subordinate relationship.

So Renee didn't need to be so humble to her.

Violet dared to be so arrogant only because she had a powerful backer that Renee, the beauty salon director, couldn't afford to offend.

Violet clenched her fists on the other end of the phone, she knew Harper must have taken all her valuable things when she left, and such a large amount of luggage would inevitably arouse suspicion.

But now she couldn't care about that, she needed to rescue Harper.

"Did you see who took my mom, who are they, do they want money or something else?"

Renee answered decisively, "They moved quickly, only knowing they are a group of men in black."

Violet's heart sank instantly.

At this moment, Renee still formally asked, "Ms. Cooper, what should we do now?"

Harper was Violet's mother, and at this time no one was more eager than Violet to find Harper.

But Violet's mind was blank now, with no clue.

She couldn't even guess who would do such a thing?

However, her inability didn't mean others couldn't, as long as she found that person to take action, Harper could still be saved!

###chapter 286 A Huge Joke

After hanging up Renee's call, Violet quickly found that familiar number, took a deep breath, put on a smile, and pressed the call button.

The phone was answered on the tenth ring, and it was still that voice behind the voice changer.

But if you listened closely, you could sense the danger in the other person's tone, low and deep, "Violet, you're quite bold to call me at this time. Aren't you afraid of exposing yourself?"

Violet knew she was in the wrong and didn't dare to confront him, so she lowered her stance and said some nice words.

"I just missed you. Why are you so angry with me? I've been very well-behaved lately and haven't offended you."

"You haven't offended me?" The man's voice grew even deeper, "Do you dare to say that today's explosion has nothing to do with you?"

"Of course not!"

Violet replied decisively and straightforwardly, afraid that he would blame her, "Even if I were bold, I wouldn't dare to do such a thing, especially since the person you care about was in the car. How could I dare?"

Violet wasn't afraid of being traced back to her because everything was executed by Harper, and it had nothing to do with her.

But thinking about how Isabella, the person he cared about, perished in the fire, she sighed and said, "I know how much you liked her, but what's done is done. I advise you to move on."

After all, Isabella was dead and she would never appear again.

But what Violet didn't know was that her words sounded like a big joke to the other person.

"What did you say?"

The person on the other end seemed not to understand why she would suddenly say such a thing, but after a moment, he understood the issue.

The man sneered coldly, "Violet, you still say you weren't involved. If you knew nothing, how would you know she was in trouble?"

Violet froze.

She had been too happy just now and let it slip.

Now the man's words seemed to make her freeze, unknown what to do.

"I forgot to tell you, she's perfectly fine, safe at home, but you are getting a problem soon."

Violet didn't hear the last part.

She only heard the word "safe," and it was like a bomb went off in her head.

How could it be?

She had seen the news with her own eyes; the explosion had caused hundreds of casualties. No one on the bridge could have escaped that explosion.

How could Isabella be "safe"?

Why, why couldn't such a big accident take Isabella's life? Why?

At this moment, a voice came from the phone.

"If she hadn't been unharmed, do you think I would be calm? Violet, I warned you, you can't move her, but you acted like you didn't hear. My patience is gone. There won't be a next time, or you'll regret it!"

Violet sneered sarcastically.

Who did he think he was?

He said she couldn't touch her, and she wouldn't? Why should she listen to him?

She had almost lost her life to get back to Michael's side. Her goal was clear: anyone who dared to block her path would die.

Isabella was no exception.

Although she didn't know how Isabella escaped from the accident, she wouldn't let it go.

Isabella must die!

But now, she needed this person's help, so she couldn't dwell on this matter.

She quickly changed the subject, "I told you I didn't do it. If you don't believe me, there's nothing I can do. I called to ask you to help me find my mom. She was captured during the transfer and is now missing!"

"You must take responsibility for this. If it weren't for your useless people, my mom wouldn't have disappeared halfway."

Violet was most afraid that the people who captured Harper were from the Wilson Family.

"The most important thing now is to rescue my mom. If it was the Wilson Family who took her, they would definitely kill her, and my identity would be exposed!"

She had worked so hard to regain Michael's love as Violet. If her identity were exposed and she became Bianca again...

She couldn't accept it!

Even if Michael still wanted her, how would the Brown Family see her? How would Isabella mock her?

What she experienced in Auroria must never be known to Michael.

But her worries meant nothing to the person on the other end of the phone.

He said leisurely, "You really like to add drama to your life. Don't forget, you are Violet now, not Bianca. What does Harper's disappearance have to do with you? Do you know each other?"

With that, he hung up the phone decisively.

Leaving Violet holding the phone in a daze.

It took her a moment to understand what he meant, and her eyes lit up.

That's right.

She was Violet now, not Bianca. Her identity was that of a student returning from abroad, and no one would suspect her.

Harper and Bianca were mother and daughter, but Violet was an outsider.

Thinking of this, Violet felt much more at ease.

Because she knew Harper would never reveal her identity, and she would find and rescue Harper before that happened.

She just hoped Harper wasn't taken by the Wilson Family. The Wilson Family hated Harper to the bone. If Harper fell into their hands, she would suffer a lot.

But what Violet didn't know was that the worst outcome she could imagine was exactly what Harper was experiencing.

In a hidden basement, Harper was tied to a chair with her hands behind her back, facing a grim-faced Atticus.

He had a military background and later went into politics, so he was experienced in both commanding and interrogating.

And the Harper in front of him was the suspect in the death of his only sister, Grace. How could he let her go?

So, getting evidence from her and finding the truth about Grace's death was his responsibility.

The room had only one incandescent lamp hanging above Harper's head, and the glaring light tortured her mind.

It had been four hours.

Even an ordinary person would find it hard to endure such torment.

Atticus seized the moment and coldly questioned, "Harper, I'll give you one chance. Where were you when my sister Grace had her accident in the hospital?"

After hours of strong light stimulation, Harper's eyes were already dull.

But even so, when she heard the name Grace, she bit her lip hard.

Looking at the grim-faced Atticus in front of her, she let out a faint laugh from her throat.

"You Wilson Family people are all the same, always accusing the innocent. Don't you know how Grace died?"

Atticus's face turned cold instantly, "You don't want to tell the truth? Let's see how long you can hold out."

###chapter 287 Harper's Weakness

Facing Atticus's threat, Harper not only wasn't afraid but became even more arrogant, trying to provoke him.

"What can you do to me? Atticus, don't forget the current status of the Wilson Family, especially you. Try to touch me, and you'll lose your position!"

"I don't care about my life. If I die, I'll take you down with me. Come on, do it!"

The moment she was caught, she didn't expect to leave alive.

If she could take that little bitch Isabella down with her, it would be worth it!

At least Bianca could smoothly become Mrs. Brown.

Sacrificing herself to ensure Bianca's future wealth and glory, she wasn't afraid.

"You think I don't dare? This is the Wilson Family's territory. Even if I torture you, no one will find out."

Atticus squinted his eyes, "Harper, you should know what happens when you fall into the hands of the Wilson Family. If you don't want to suffer, tell me the truth."

Harper's face changed. She was terrified inside but still gritted her teeth and refused to speak.

Once she spoke, her death would be near.

"Just because they can't find out now doesn't mean they never will. When they do, the Wilson Family will be charged with murder. I'll be waiting to see your downfall."

"And you say I harmed her, so I did? Grace died of illness back then. There's a hospital certificate to prove it. What makes you say it was me?"

Atticus's eyes were filled with malice. He didn't expect Harper to be so cunning.

She had endured for so long without saying a word of truth.

If this were in the military, he had hundreds of ways to make her tell the truth, but this was the Wilson Family's territory. He couldn't really torture her.

Otherwise, how would he be different from a murderer?

Seeing that Atticus wouldn't really do anything to her, Harper became even more reckless.

"Atticus, I'm telling you, you'd better let me go now. Otherwise, when the police find you, your life will be over!"

Meanwhile, outside the one-way glass door, Isabella and Holden listened to the interrogation room's sounds clearly.

Seeing Atticus lock Harper in the room and come out, they followed him out.

In the reception room, Atticus crossed his hands against his forehead, deep in thought, his whole body exuding a low pressure.

Isabella sat nearby, her thoughts drifting far away.

She remembered that when they caught Harper, Harper's mental state was already problematic, and she kept saying she was a ghost.

She thought Harper's current condition would make the interrogation easy.

Unexpectedly, Harper was so tough.

Knowing Atticus's background and that he wouldn't easily use private punishment, she firmly denied any involvement in the past incident.

The interrogation had to be paused.

But time couldn't be wasted like this. Isabella frowned and broke the silence.

"Uncle Atticus, besides using private punishment, isn't there any other way?"

Isabella didn't suggest using private punishment.

First, she didn't want to become a perpetrator herself. Second, this method had too many restrictions on Atticus's status.

If it went wrong and touched the legal bottom line, Atticus would lose everything.

"Isabella, do you have any ideas?"

Holden, sitting opposite, handed the choice to Isabella.

After all, Harper was caught by her, and the answers she wanted were about Grace's truth.

Isabella thought for a moment, "If we can make Harper lower her guard, find her weakness and use it, she might tell the truth herself."

"How do we make her lower her guard?"

Atticus asked.

"Let me go in and talk to her." Isabella looked seriously at Atticus, "Uncle Atticus, Harper hates me the most. Only I can provoke her deepest hatred, making her most likely to lower her guard. I want to try..."

"No!"

Before Isabella could finish, Atticus interrupted her, his face extremely serious.

"I don't agree, Isabella. I know Grace's death has always been a concern for you, but we can't just send you in to take risks, especially now that you're pregnant. There can't be any mistakes."

"Yeah, Isabella, I don't agree either. Letting you go in with that crazy woman Harper, are you kidding? What if she hurts you?"

Holden was also resolute.

Anything could be discussed, but when it came to Isabella's safety, it was a no-go.

Isabella sighed. She had guessed the result the moment she spoke.

Her uncles cared so much about her. How could they bear to send her into such a risk? But she was really anxious to find out the truth about Grace's death.

If her presence could make Harper tell the truth, she was willing to try.

"Uncle Atticus, let me try. Harper is tied to a chair. I won't get close to her, and..."

Isabella bit her lip, placing her hands on her swollen belly, "If I can find out the truth about my mother's accident, I believe the baby will understand."

"Nonsense!"

"A child is a child, and you are you. For whatever reason, I won't allow you to go in."

Atticus, who had never spoken harshly to Isabella, was so angry that his eyes turned red, sternly stopping her.

Holden also persuaded, "Isabella, don't make Atticus angry. You just want the truth, but have you thought about us and Daniel? If something happens to you in there, how will your grandpa live?"

Daniel was her bottom line. Isabella finally gave up the idea.

She wasn't afraid of what Harper might do to her. She had her two uncles by her side, and she was capable enough to handle Harper without any weapons.

But Holden's words made sense. She could guard against Harper's attacks, but her emotions couldn't be completely unaffected.

This child was what Daniel had been longing for. If there was an accident...

"Do you think Harper has any weaknesses, like what she cares about the most? If we can grasp that, we won't have to worry about getting the truth out of her?"

Holden stroked his chin, trying to divert the topic to prevent Isabella from having any more risky ideas.

"I'm afraid not."

Atticus had already investigated Harper deeply, "Harper was an orphan since childhood, with a lonely and vain personality. She grew up working in a luxury store, where she met Indigo."

The rest didn't need to be said; Isabella knew it all.

"Now Indigo has long been controlled by my people because of the last incident at the Brown Group. He can't contact Harper, and their daughter Bianca has been missing since being sent abroad."

"Wait!"

Isabella's eyes lit up, "Uncle Atticus, maybe their daughter Bianca is in Evergreen City right now!"

###chapter 288 Layout

Isabella immediately thought of Violet.

She had always suspected that Violet was Bianca, but she had no evidence to prove it, so she had to give up.

But now was a good opportunity.

Her words instantly caught the attention of her two uncles.

Holden wondered, "Isabella, what do you mean by Bianca being in Evergreen City? Wasn't she missing?"

"Uncle Holden, you should have some impression of that Violet around Michael. From the moment she appeared, she has been extremely passionate about Michael, insisting on him and no one else."

"Moreover, from my observations, some of Violet's small actions, her understanding and affection for Michael, show habits that only Bianca would have. So, I suspect she is Bianca."

"But these two don't look alike at all." Atticus pointed out the key point, "Bianca has only been missing for a few months. It's impossible for her to come back as a completely different person. Even if she had plastic surgery, it would require a long recovery period."

Isabella hadn't been able to conclude this matter for the same reason.

"That's true. I was curious about that too. But Atticus, could there be some technology that allows a person to change their appearance temporarily without a long waiting period?"

"After all, there are many private medical research teams abroad that conduct various beauty experiments for the top wealthy people. We just haven't come into contact with them."

Isabella's words made her two uncles fall silent for a moment.

There were indeed many such experimental research institutes abroad, mostly funded by wealthy individuals, and no one knew exactly what they were researching.

"Instead of wasting time, why not listen to Isabella? What if Violet really is Bianca?"

Holden thought for a few seconds and made a decision.

"Alright, we don't have much time now. Trying is better than getting nothing."

Atticus agreed as well.

The three made up their minds, but the next step was a challenge.

It wasn't realistic to capture Violet. Even if they did, if Violet and Harper both denied being mother and daughter, it would be a dilemma.

At this moment, Atticus raised his eyebrows, "Parents always think about their children. Threats won't work, but what if we let her 'escape'?"

"Atticus, you mean let Harper leave here and follow her to find the person helping her."

Isabella agreed with this plan.

After all, Harper had been hiding in Glamour Oasis for so long, someone must be assisting her, and that person was the face-changed Bianca.

As long as they got her out, Harper would definitely find Bianca first.

By then, they would find both mother and daughter without much effort.

It had to be said, relying on Atticus, a military man, to come up with ideas was quick.

After discussing the plan, they began to implement it.

The three stood up simultaneously. Atticus casually called over a bodyguard, said a few words to him, and the bodyguard nodded and left.

In the interrogation room, Harper anxiously waited for the Wilson Family members to appear again.

Given her understanding of the Wilson Family, they wouldn't let her go easily after capturing her this time.

She was prepared for passive torture.

But after waiting for a long time, Atticus didn't return. Instead, two bodyguards in black came in, lifted her up, and took her to a detention room.

Harper was shocked.

Looking at herself without a scratch, she couldn't believe it.

Did they just leave?

They just came to threaten her a few times, and when they couldn't get answers, they really left.

At this moment, a deliberately lowered conversation came from outside the door.

Harper couldn't hear clearly, instinctively felt it was related to her, and went to the door to eavesdrop.

"By the way, what did Mr. Wilson urgently send someone out to get? I only heard it was some medicine, and it had to be quick!"

"You don't know? I heard that medicine was brought back by Mr. Wilson from abroad. It's colorless and tasteless but can stimulate the brain. After drinking it, the person will say whatever you ask, more effective than any torture."

"Really? Is it that good? I've never heard of it."

"It's a new weapon developed abroad, specifically for prisoners and rebels on the battlefield. You know Mr. Wilson is a military man. Torture doesn't work, but getting some 'special medicine' is easy."

"But there's one thing, that stuff damages the brain severely. Just one dose can harm the brain nerves. I heard someone abroad tried three doses, and the person was ruined, unable to control their bodily functions."

Hearing this, Harper's legs went weak.

But the conversation outside continued, and she had to force herself not to think about the consequences of the medicine on her.

"Wow, that's harsh. I wonder who is so unlucky. It wouldn't be the woman we just locked up, would it?"

"Who else? Mr. Wilson doesn't like wasting time. If he can't get her to talk, he'll use effective means."

"I heard he asked for half a bottle, using the woman inside as a test subject to see the human body's maximum tolerance."

The woman inside!

Harper swallowed hard, her face pale as paper, her body trembling uncontrollably.

So Atticus wasn't letting her go but using her as a test subject for the medicine.

But she hadn't forgotten how sensitive Atticus's position was. As a politician in a high position, would he dare to take the risk of torturing her?

Before Harper could analyze the pros and cons, the conversation outside continued.

"Isn't Mr. Wilson afraid of the consequences if she dies? His position is important, and any impact would be significant."

This was exactly what Harper wanted to know.

Then someone snorted indifferently, "Do you think Mr. Wilson's years of experience are a joke? That medicine leaves no trace in the body. Besides, the woman inside is already mentally unstable. If she suddenly goes crazy, they can just lock her in a mental hospital. Who would know?"

"Even if someone investigates, she has no injuries. They can just say she was stimulated and became like this. Who would really go against the Wilson Family?"

"That's true. Mr. Wilson's move is brilliant. Silently dealing with her, even if she dies, no one will find out."

The voices outside gradually faded, and Harper could no longer support herself, collapsing to the ground.

The Wilson Family really wanted her dead.

To avenge the short-lived Grace, they dared to test the medicine on her.

No way!

She couldn't wait any longer. If she accidentally told the truth, she would be doomed.

She had to escape from here.

###chapter 289 Mother and Daughter Reunion

Harper leaned against the door and listened carefully for a while. When she realized there was no sound outside, she cautiously tried to open the door.

She heard a click.

The door actually opened.

It must have been because those two people thought the Wilson Family wanted her dead, so they didn't care anymore and let their guard down.

Harper felt her heart was about to jump out of her chest.

She couldn't afford to provoke the Wilson Family, and Grace's brothers were all ruthless.

If she didn't escape now, the only thing waiting for her would be death.

Taking advantage of the empty doorway, Harper tiptoed as quietly as possible, step by step, looking for an escape route while paying attention to the surroundings.

Maybe those people thought a weak woman like her couldn't escape, so there was no one left in the corridor.

She crawled out of the basement on all fours and disappeared from sight through the back door.

Only then did the bodyguard take out his phone and report to the other side, "Mr. Wilson, the first step of the plan is complete. Harper has successfully escaped."

On the phone, Atticus's voice was low, "Follow her secretly with people, and report any situation at any time."

"Yes!"

Moments later, the Wilson Family issued a city-wide search order to find a woman named Harper.

The reason was that Harper had stolen the Wilson Family's secrets, and she must be found.

And this was a trap set by Atticus.

According to Isabella's suspicion, if Violet was really Bianca, then once Harper escaped, she would definitely go to meet Bianca.

The search order issued by the Wilson Family was just for Harper and Bianca to see. Only when they were desperate would they reveal their true identities.

Atticus was waiting in the background, waiting for Harper to lead his people to Violet, and then capture them both.

And they were right. Harper's first reaction after escaping was to flag down a car at the door and head into the city.

This car was also part of their plan.

On the way, Harper couldn't help but borrow the driver's phone to call Violet.

Because it was an unfamiliar number, the phone rang for a long time before Violet answered coldly, "Who is this?"

Hearing Violet's voice, Harper was so anxious she was about to cry.

"Bianca, it's me. I was captured by the Wilson Family. They want to drug me and turn me into an idiot, and then lock me in a mental hospital. Where are you? Come save me."

After worrying for so long, hearing Harper's voice made Violet's eyes turn red.

But she remained rational and instinctively asked, "Mom, where are you now? I hear car sounds on your end. Weren't you captured by the Wilson Family? Would they let you make a call?"

Violet's first reaction was that this was a plot by the Wilson Family.

But the next second, she got nervous.

She had just called out "Mom" in a moment of urgency. If this was Atticus's scheme, wouldn't her identity be exposed?

Fortunately, before she could think more, Harper urgently gave an answer.

"Bianca, don't worry about me. I've already escaped from them. I borrowed this phone from the driver. Bianca, where are you? I'm so scared. I just want to be with you."

Hearing that Harper had escaped, Violet's heart finally settled.

After all, with the Wilson Family's hatred for Harper, they would never let her go. If Harper had escaped on her own, it meant she had really gotten away from the Wilson Family's sight.

Thinking about Harper's panic and fear at this moment, Violet couldn't care about anything else and immediately told her hiding place to Harper.

"Mom, tell the driver to head towards the west suburbs. Once you get there, I'll give you a detailed location. You'll be safe there."

"Okay, I'm on my way."

Harper relayed Bianca's words to the driver, asking him to head towards the west suburbs first. Once they arrived, Bianca would pay him the fare.

He wouldn't be shortchanged.

The driver was initially reluctant.

After all, heading to the west suburbs meant he wouldn't get any passengers on the return trip. It wasn't until Harper offered double the fare that he reluctantly started the car and headed to the designated location.

They soon arrived at the place Violet mentioned. After reaching the small town, Violet confirmed the driver was fine and had him drive to the foot of the mountain, where she personally came out to pick Harper up.

She gave the driver $200 for the fare and sent him back.

The taxi turned around and headed back the way it came, but halfway through, it suddenly braked and stopped behind a hidden house.

The driver took out his phone and dialed a number, his face serious, "Captain, the target has appeared. What's the next step? Should we go in and capture them directly, or wait for further instructions?"

The person on the other end of the phone immediately took the phone to ask Atticus for instructions.

"Mr. Wilson, Harper headed west and met up with Violet. Should we act immediately?"

Atticus's eyes darkened, "Have you installed everything I asked you to?"

The subordinate nodded, "When Harper was taken away from the interrogation, our people had already placed a pinhole eavesdropper on her."

"Tell our people not to act rashly. Keep an eye on them and wait for further instructions."

"Yes!"

Atticus was thinking long-term. Letting Harper go this time was not just for Violet, but to find out the truth about how Harper and Indigo conspired to kill Grace years ago.

It was still too early to capture them now.

On the other side.

Finally escaping, Harper was helped into the shabby house by Violet.

Looking at the dilapidated walls and furnishings, Harper covered her nose in disgust, "Bianca, why did you find such a broken place? It's filthy. How can anyone live here?"

Originally planning to have Harper stay with her for a while, Violet had someone clean up and bought new daily necessities.

But over the years, Harper had been living a luxurious life with Indigo. These things in front of her were not to her taste at all.

Violet replied speechlessly, "It's just temporary. If I can endure it, what can't you endure, Mom?"

Even though Harper had fallen to this point, she still couldn't let go of her rich lady demeanor, which even Violet couldn't stand.

"Besides, no matter how broken this place is, it's better than being captured by the Wilson Family. Stop complaining."

She couldn't stand this broken place either, but compared to staying alive, this was already the best hiding place.

If they were discovered, they could still escape into the mountains.

Harper had escaped, and the Wilson Family wouldn't let it go. They would definitely send people to find her.

At this moment, nothing was more important than staying alive.

Harper, who was about to complain more, shut her mouth in fear when she heard the Wilson Family.

The Wilson Family people were all lunatics.

She would rather hide for the rest of her life than deal with those people again.

###chapter 290 Talking About the Past

As soon as she thought about how taking those pills would turn her into an idiot, and how she wouldn't be able to take care of herself for the rest of her life, she felt a chill in her heart.

She would rather die than live like that.

Now that she thought about it, this place might be a bit shabby, but at least she was with Bianca, and it was safe.

Harper instinctively held onto Bianca's arm, wanting to know when they could leave.

"Bianca, I don't mean it that way. I just think you're delicate and the future Mrs. Brown. How can you stay in a place like this and suffer?"

"Look at this place, it's dirty and damp. What if bugs crawl out at night? Aren't you scared..."

Violet could easily understand Harper's underlying meaning. She raised an eyebrow, glanced at Harper, and said, "I know you don't like it here. I don't like it either. We're just here temporarily. We'll be leaving soon."

"Really? That's great." Harper patted her chest. Living a life without money was worse than death for her.

Violet made some instant food for her. After eating, Harper finally focused on Violet.

Looking at Violet's increasingly unfamiliar face, Harper had always wanted to ask what had happened to her. But with so many people watching at Glamour Oasis, she never found the right opportunity.

Now that they were finally alone, Harper couldn't help but ask, "Bianca, I've always wanted to ask you, what happened to your face? How did you suddenly become a different person?"

Upon hearing this, Violet just smiled lightly, her slender fingers sliding over her perfect face, and said proudly, "Mom, just tell me, am I beautiful now?"

This face was carefully selected from thousands of photos, using the most expensive special materials.

And a world-class beautician helped her fit it to her bone structure.

Not only did she not need surgery, but there was also no long recovery period, and she could have a perfect identity.

She couldn't be happier.

Although Harper didn't understand what had happened, she immediately responded to Violet's words, "Of course you're beautiful. You're my daughter, and you've always been the most beautiful. But I still think you looked better before."

Harper didn't dwell on this matter for long and quickly got to the point, "Bianca, you haven't told me what happened after you were sent abroad and how you became like this."

Although she had seen Violet's status and power at Glamour Oasis, Harper still felt something was off.

The person who could help her change her face and send Violet back must be someone with immense power.

He had quietly accomplished something most people wouldn't even dare to think about.

And the people at the beauty salon treated Violet like a superior.

If Violet could put in a good word for her with that powerful person, could she also get a younger face?

Thinking of this, Harper's eyes lit up.

Seeing this, Violet's originally bright eyes dimmed.

She could clearly see the envy in Harper's eyes.

But how could she let Harper know her dark, unbearable, and disgusting memories?

She would bury them deep in her heart and never let anyone know.

Not even Harper. She didn't want Harper to know too much.

"Mom, don't ask so many questions. Just know that I met someone who could help me, and we're in a cooperative relationship. He has what I want, and I do things he can't do himself."

"Besides, most of our dealings are under confidentiality agreements. Knowing too much would only harm you."

Violet casually made up an excuse.

Anyway, no one would know about her and that person, so she wasn't afraid of being exposed.

"So you met a good person. That's good. I won't ask anymore."

Harper, afraid of bringing trouble upon herself, quickly stopped the topic and didn't ask further.

But in her heart, she was even more impressed by that mysterious person.

To think that she had casually mentioned a plan to the people at the beauty salon, and they had immediately arranged an explosion.

With such immense power, it was clear how formidable that person was.

"No matter what, as long as you can return to me safely, I'm content."

Harper thought back to when she learned that her beloved Bianca had been sent to Auroria. It felt like her world had collapsed.

Fortunately, Bianca was back.

No matter what Bianca had become, she was still her daughter.

Violet felt a pang of sadness and hugged her, asking in a muffled voice, "Mom, where's Dad? I haven't seen him since I got back. Where did he go?"

Although Indigo hadn't treated Isabella well over the years, he had always been very loving towards Bianca.

She had been back for so long and hadn't seen him.

Now that she saw Harper was safe, she should ask about him.

Unexpectedly, as soon as she mentioned Indigo, Harper's face changed.

"From now on, just pretend Indigo doesn't exist. What family? Indigo is a bastard!"

"He talked so sweetly back then, but in the end, he abandoned us for his own wealth and glory. He turned around and cozied up to that bitch Isabella, calling her daughter. Ugh!"

"He doesn't even remember how he climbed into my bed and swore to cut ties with those two bitches. Bastard, I shouldn't have believed him."

Harper's tirade reminded Violet of some things.

If it weren't for that woman's death, she and Harper might not have entered the Taylor Family so quickly.

If she remembered correctly, that woman's name was Grace.

She was Isabella's mother and the true lady of the Wilson Family.

Unfortunately, until her death, Grace never understood why the man she loved, Indigo, betrayed her.

"Mom, I'm suddenly curious. How did that woman named Grace die as soon as she entered the hospital? What illness did she have?"

Harper instinctively furrowed her brows, clearly unwilling to recall anything about Grace.

Her eyes dodged as she said, "It's been so many years. I don't remember what happened. Why are you asking?"

"Since we're talking about the past, I just want to know what happened. I'm your daughter. Are you afraid I'll leak secrets?" Violet thought about Harper's arrest and sighed, "Think about it. Grace was a true lady raised by the Wilson Family. If you had really harmed her, how could they have let you go?"

###chapter 291 The Mutual Use Relationship

"If Grace's death really has nothing to do with you, then why are we so afraid of the Wilson Family? We might as well let them investigate. Mom, just tell me, I have the right to know too."

Unable to resist Violet's persistent questioning, Harper had no choice but to bring up the chaotic relationship of the three people from back then.

However, she still refused to admit that Grace's death had anything to do with her.

"I honestly don't know how Grace died."

"At that time, I was just a small luxury store clerk. When I first met Indigo, he was taking over the company that Grace had managed well. He was in high spirits, dressed in all designer brands."

"Mom, you didn't seduce Dad at that time, did you? Is that why you married into the Taylor Family?"

"What are you talking about? Who seduced him?"

Harper thought of her younger self and felt foolish, "It was Indigo who was attracted to my beauty, deliberately approached me, and flirted with me."

"And at that time, Grace was just pregnant. Indigo couldn't stand the loneliness and pretended to be a single man to date me. By the time I found out he had a family, it was too late; I was already pregnant with you."

Thinking about how she got pregnant so foolishly back then, Harper hated Indigo.

"I was so young, of course, I didn't want to be a third party. So when I found out he was married, I planned to secretly leave Evergreen City and completely cut ties with Indigo."

"But when I was seven months pregnant with you, Isabella was born. Indigo wanted a son to inherit his business, so he found me again, wanting me to give him a son. He promised that as long as I gave birth to you, he would take us both home."

"He said Grace's health was terrible after giving birth and that she wouldn't live long. Once she died, he would marry me and make me the mistress of the Taylor Family. He even said that he only loved me in this life, never Grace."

The more Harper spoke, the more she hated Indigo. Indigo was a bastard.

All those things he said back then were just to use her.

Grace lost her value, so he could kick her away. As for her, without Bianca, the valuable daughter, he didn't want them either.

He was selfish, loving no one but himself.

She wiped her tears and held Violet's hand for comfort, "Bianca, you don't know, at that time, I really didn't know Indigo had a family. And I had you, how could I be heartless enough to abandon you? So, I agreed to Indigo's plan."

After hearing this, Violet thought for a moment and said, "So, Grace's death was just because she was weak after giving birth, not because you and Dad harmed her?"

This conclusion was hard to believe for Violet, let alone anyone from the Wilson Family.

If Grace died due to her own reasons, wouldn't the powerful and influential Wilson Family have found out back then?

Violet hesitated for a moment and then looked back at Harper, "Mom, are you making up lies to deceive me?"

It wasn't surprising that her own daughter didn't trust Harper. If this matter really had nothing to do with Harper, why would the Wilson Family keep targeting her? It didn't make sense!

Sure enough, after she said this, Violet clearly saw a change in Harper's expression.

That was a guilty evasion.

Violet understood something.

Harper hadn't told her the truth; there must be some other hidden story!

Under Violet's gaze, Harper finally gave in, reluctantly pulling a wry smile.

"Alright, I'll tell you, but you can't tell anyone else. Actually, Grace wasn't that sick. She was just weak after giving birth. From the time I gave birth to you until you were six months old, she was still alive and well."

"Indigo's promises to me were never fulfilled. We could only live in a shabby apartment. Once, I threatened Indigo with you in my arms, asking him to choose between us and Grace. Later, Indigo somehow managed to get Grace into the hospital, and within three months, she died."

Harper's words shifted all the suspicion onto Indigo.

She made herself sound completely innocent, without any doubts.

Violet found it even stranger because, based on the previous conversation, she still held doubts about Harper.

"Are you saying you don't know the details of how Grace died in the hospital?"

"No, I have no idea how she died in the hospital. The Wilson Family people tortured me, even wanted to use private punishment on me. The police should arrest them all and clear my name."

Harper spoke with a righteous tone.

But Violet, seeing her expression while saying these words, guessed that Harper still hadn't revealed the real reason.

However, she didn't plan to ask further.

She didn't care how Grace died.

Even if Harper was involved, so what? After all, Harper was planning for their future. Who wouldn't want a better life?

It was Grace's own fault for not being capable enough to keep Indigo's heart by giving birth to a son.

The Wilson Family people shouldn't think they could catch Harper because of this.

However, Violet's thoughts were destined to be in vain.

Because the pinhole eavesdropper hidden in Harper's clothes had already transmitted their conversation to the Wilson Family's study.

After hearing it, Atticus sent the audio to Kian of the Wilson Family, who was far away abroad.

A few minutes later, he dialed Kian's number.

"Kian, how is it?"

Back then, Indigo and Harper had caused a scene at the Wilson Group and even tried to assassinate Isabella. If Michael hadn't blocked that knife, who knew what might have happened to Isabella.

So after that, Harper was detained for public assault, and Indigo was secretly controlled by the Wilson Family.

To avoid detection, Kian took Indigo abroad and kept him under house arrest on the Wilson Family's property.

Now that both of them were under control and they had obtained evidence from their own mouths, it was time for a confrontation.

When Kian received the audio, he already knew what Atticus wanted to ask.

He straightforwardly said, "Atticus, I repeated Harper's words to Indigo, but both of them blame each other. Neither is willing to say what exactly happened back then."

They were originally in a mutually beneficial, exploitative relationship, so it wasn't surprising they would do such a thing, as Atticus had expected.

However, he hadn't anticipated the clue from Harper.

He had thought Harper wouldn't hide anything when facing Bianca, but based on the audio just now, she hadn't spoken a single truth.

###chapter 292 He Is the Child's Real Father

"Atticus, there's no need to rush. After all, they are in our hands. We will find out the truth from back then." Kian said reassuringly over the phone.

But a thought suddenly popped into his mind.

Since Harper and Indigo were scheming against each other, pushing each other into the position of a suspect.

What if he let Indigo hear what Harper had said? He wondered what his reaction would be.

"Yes, I understand. Be careful on your end and call me if you find any clues."

"Okay, Atticus."

They both hung up the phone at the same time. Atticus turned around and saw Isabella standing behind him with a disappointed look on her face.

He walked over and patted her shoulder, "Isabella, I know what you're thinking. Don't worry, the truth will come out one day."

Isabella pressed her lips together and nodded silently.

She trusted Atticus. She was just feeling a bit down at the moment.

She had been waiting for this day for too long. Every time she got close to the truth, she couldn't help but get nervous, only to end up disappointed.

She had gotten used to it.

However, she would not give up investigating this matter.

Neither Harper nor Indigo would get away.

After handing over the matter of Harper and Violet to Atticus, Isabella went to the backyard to chat with Daniel to lift her spirits.

Meanwhile, Atticus gave a direct order.

The Wilson Family bodyguards stationed at the foot of the mountain received the call and immediately rushed into the house where Violet was.

One group controlled the people outside, while another group went in and tied up Harper and Violet.

In the evening, Isabella, feeling down, took a car back to the villa at Whispering Pines Estates.

She looked at the scenery outside, her thoughts drifting far away.

She had thought that catching Harper would reveal the cause of Grace's death, but now it seemed everything was at a standstill again.

Even Kian couldn't find any clues.

How could she be at ease?

Just as she lowered the car window in frustration, a white luxury car drove past her on the left.

The other person also lowered their window, took off their sunglasses, revealing a handsome young face.

"Isabella, what a coincidence?"

The man smiled and greeted her. It was her friend Emilio, whom she had specially invited to manage the company.

Seeing him, Isabella was also surprised, "Emilio!"

They hadn't seen each other for a long time, and it was such a coincidence to meet on the road. Isabella immediately asked the driver to pull over.

Since they had met, they naturally had to have a good chat.

After all, she wouldn't be able to sleep with her current mood, so it was better to find someone to talk to.

Emilio had the same thought. Since he took over as vice president of the company, he hadn't seen Isabella much.

He was either busy with work or socializing. Except for some time in the evening, he felt his time was filled with work.

But being busy with work had its benefits. If it weren't for getting off work at this time, he wouldn't have coincidentally met Isabella on the road.

They hit it off and found a nice restaurant nearby to go in.

Isabella was also hungry, so she told Cinda on the phone not to prepare her dinner.

The waiter led them to a window seat. Emilio gentlemanly pulled out a chair for Isabella and noticed her slightly bulging belly.

His eyes darkened.

He quietly sat across from Isabella, forcing a smile, "Isabella, since I joined the Wilson Group, we haven't had much time to meet. How have you been?"

Isabella considered Emilio a friend, and since he was the vice president she had invited to manage the company, she naturally didn't hide anything from him.

"I've been okay these days, just a bit bored. After all, there are many things to be careful about in the first three months of pregnancy, so I can't go anywhere and have to stay at home."

"But today is really a coincidence. I didn't expect to run into you here. It's a big surprise."

A smile appeared on Isabella's face.

She had always wanted to go to the company, but Atticus wouldn't allow it, saying that work would distract and tire her.

It had been tough for Emilio during this time.

He was managing everything in the company, and she was very grateful to him.

But at this moment, Emilio was stunned when Isabella mentioned "pregnancy."

She was pregnant with someone else's child?

It was Michael's.

Of course, she liked Michael so much, it was normal for her to be pregnant with his child, especially since they hadn't really divorced.

But he still couldn't help but ask, "Isabella, weren't you and Michael getting a divorce? With this child, are you two getting back together?"

Emilio didn't reveal their relationship, asking indirectly.

But Isabella didn't find it embarrassing. She had no intention of continuing with Michael.

"No! We're not getting back together. This child is mine alone and won't have anything to do with anyone else. I will raise him independently."

Emilio was stunned, not knowing what to say for a moment.

Isabella knew what he was curious about, so she explained, "Actually, you know my situation. None of my five uncles are willing to start a family. Since I got married, my grandfather has been urging me to have a child. He always wanted a child to be born into the Wilson Family. Since my uncles are unwilling, this hope fell on me."

She didn't make it too clear.

With Emilio's intelligence, he should understand what she meant.

"Besides, the Wilson Family's power and wealth are not inferior to the Brown Family. We have the ability to raise a child, so my divorce from Michael is not a problem."

She had no intention of continuing to entangle with Michael.

He had Violet by his side, so why should she get involved again?

"I see."

Emilio nodded, understanding Isabella's decision, but also feeling sorry for her future.

"Isabella, raising a child is not as simple as you think. I know the Wilson Family has the ability, but without a complete family and fatherly love, will the child..."

"Will the child become withdrawn, introverted, and ruin his entire life?"

A deep, sarcastic voice finished Emilio's sentence.

A tall figure appeared in front of them, sneering, "Emilio, were you planning to take over as the child's father and be with Isabella openly?"

They all wanted to take his Isabella.

Did they even consider if they were worthy?

He was the child's real father, and he was still here. These people dared to have such thoughts, truly calculating.

Seeing Michael's extremely gloomy face right in front of her, Isabella's eyes darkened.

"Michael, are you so idle that you find it interesting to eavesdrop on our conversations?"

###chapter 293 The Effects of Pregnancy Hormones

"I was eavesdropping?" Michael raised an eyebrow and took a step forward. "Isabella, we haven't even divorced yet, and you're already meeting Emilio behind my back. Don't you think you owe me an explanation?"

He was extremely relieved to know she was safe and wanted to see her immediately to ensure she was unharmed.

But after searching everywhere, he found her with Emilio.

If he wasn't afraid of scaring her and the baby, he would have punched Emilio right then and there.

"Explanation?"

Isabella was speechless.

Michael suddenly interrupted their meal, and he thought he was in the right?

And besides, who she was with and what she was doing had nothing to do with him. He already had Violet, so why was he meddling in her affairs?

"Michael, I don't owe you any explanation about our relationship."

With that, Isabella stood up and faced him, her eyes cold and devoid of any emotion. "Don't forget the only reason we haven't divorced yet! You have no right to meddle in my personal affairs!"

Their agreement was clear: to maintain their marriage for Daniel's sake and to avoid rumors about the baby. It didn't mention anything about their personal feelings being restricted.

She hadn't interfered with his affairs with Violet, so why was he accusing her?

And saying she was secretly meeting Emilio?

His words were truly harsh.

After speaking, she no longer looked at Michael and turned to Emilio. "Emilio, I lost my appetite. Let's go somewhere else to talk."

Emilio, not wanting to see Michael any longer, stood up to leave without hesitation upon hearing Isabella's words.

Before leaving, he said to Michael, "Mr. Brown, we're leaving. Goodbye."

As he walked beside Isabella, Emilio thoughtfully supported her arm, helping her down the steps.

Isabella nodded and thanked him.

Their intimate actions seemed like a deliberate show-off to Michael, igniting his anger.

Damn it!

He had just gotten rid of Nolan, and now Emilio was here. He hadn't even divorced Isabella yet, and they dared to openly compete for her.

If he didn't bring Isabella back home soon, she might be taken away by someone else.

The bodyguard who followed noticed Michael's unusual mood. With Aaron still recovering in the hospital, they had no idea what Michael was thinking.

He cautiously asked, "Mr. Brown, should we continue following Mrs. Brown?"

After all, their duty was to protect Isabella's safety.

Who knew Isabella would suddenly stop the car and have dinner with Emilio, which angered Michael enough to come and confront them.

Michael, still furious, glared at the bodyguard upon hearing this.

He snorted coldly, "She's already left with someone else. What's there to follow?"

The bodyguard, realizing his mistake, lowered his head and didn't dare to speak.

Michael strode outside, dismissing the bodyguards behind him, and planned to secretly follow Isabella's car.

He couldn't rest easy with Isabella and Emilio alone together.

Meanwhile, as Isabella walked out of the restaurant, she lost all interest.

She knew that whenever she encountered Michael, her emotions would be uncontrollably affected.

How dare he speak to her like that?

He himself had numerous scandals with Violet and even brought her to the company to stay together all day. What right did he have to lecture her?

Despite this, Isabella still felt extremely upset.

She attributed these emotions to excessive pregnancy hormones. In the past, no matter how harsh Michael's words were, she wouldn't have cared.

But now, ever since she got pregnant, even the smallest things would upset her, and she would sometimes hide and brood over them.

The longer she was pregnant, the less control she had over herself.

Emilio noticed her change and, like a gentleman, helped her into the car, standing outside the door to comfort her.

"Isabella, if you're tired, go home and rest. I can always accompany you for a meal and chat. It's not a big deal."

Emilio had previously worried that Isabella wouldn't let go of Michael and wouldn't want to divorce him.

But now, seeing their tone and attitude towards each other, he felt a glimmer of hope.

He wasn't afraid to wait. As long as Isabella no longer liked Michael, he would have a chance to be by her side.

Eventually, she would realize that they were the perfect match.

"I'm really sorry, Emilio. I wanted to catch up with you, but... I owe you this time. I'll definitely treat you to a meal when I have time."

The more considerate Emilio was, the more guilty Isabella felt towards him.

But in her current state, it wasn't suitable to have a heart-to-heart with anyone. It wouldn't be fair to Emilio.

"Alright, take it slow on the road. I'll wait for your call."

Emilio reluctantly took a step back, allowing her to leave.

Although he said that, he knew their chances to meet were rare, and this was a rare opportunity.

Unfortunately, it was ruined by Michael.

But he didn't want to force Isabella. Seeing her unhappy wouldn't make him happy either.

"Okay."

Isabella nodded and waved at Emilio as the bodyguard in the front started the car and slowly drove away.

Little did they know, Michael saw everything from a distance.

Watching them part reluctantly, he clenched his fists and then started his car to follow Isabella.

Emilio had just gotten into his car when he received a call from home.

Seeing the caller ID, he reluctantly answered, "Dad!"

A dissatisfied voice came from the phone, "You still remember I'm your dad? You're never home, and now you haven't called for months. Where have you been?"

"Didn't you always say I wasn't mature enough? I'm following your advice, working hard outside to gain experience, so I can improve myself and take over your responsibilities!"

Emilio knew exactly what Randy Blair wanted to hear and tried to say what he liked.

Sure enough, Randy was taken aback by Emilio's serious tone.

"That's more like it. But you've been away long enough. Your mother misses you. It's time to come home."

"Even if you're taking over my responsibilities, you can't wait until I'm too old to work. While I can still teach you, it's time to come back and take over the family business."

Emilio wasn't indifferent to his parents, but he had just taken over as vice president of the Wilson Group, and he still maintained a friendship with Isabella.

Leaving now would be too hard to accept.

He had given up everything abroad to come here and take the vice president position at the Wilson Group, all to have a chance with Isabella.

He had waited too long for this day.

Seeing that Isabella and Michael were on the verge of divorce, he didn't want to give up easily.

###chapter 294 Are You Going to Meet Daniel?

"Dad, my job here has just started to stabilize, and I can't leave for now. If you really need someone to help you, I think Tiffany's fiancé Curtis would be a good choice."

He also had a loving sister, Tiffany Blair, who had no interest in business, but her fiancé Curtis Wall was a businessman and very capable.

However, this suggestion immediately angered Randy on the other end of the phone, and he loudly retorted.

"Emilio, are you looking for a beating? The Blair family business has always been inherited and managed by our own sons. When did it become acceptable for an outsider to take over?"

"Dad, that's such an old-fashioned way of thinking. Isn't Curtis part of our family?"

Emilio wanted to divert the focus for now, as he really couldn't leave at the moment.

Randy saw through Emilio's intentions.

He snorted coldly into the phone, "Stop talking nonsense. I'll ask you one question: when are you coming back? By the way, your mom keeps nagging me about you. You're at the age where you should be getting a girlfriend."

"Dad, why do you keep changing your mind? This is making things difficult for me."

"Hmph, I'm making things difficult for you? Here's the deal: either you come home now to take over the family business, or you bring a girlfriend home. Choose one!"

Emilio sighed, having to face reality.

He pinched the bridge of his nose and said, "Coming home is not an option for now, but getting a girlfriend is something I can work on. Can you give me some more time?"

At the same time, Isabella, sitting in the car, just wanted to get back to the villa and rest for the night.

After a long day, she was feeling quite uncomfortable.

She had just closed her eyes for a short while when the bodyguard in the front seat spoke up, "Ms. Taylor, someone is following us. It looks like people from the Brown family."

The bodyguard recognized the Brown family's car and knew about her relationship with Michael, so he reported it calmly.

Isabella opened her eyes and looked out the window, immediately recognizing Michael's car.

She pressed her temples and instructed the bodyguard to stop the car.

She got out and stood under the streetlight by the roadside.

Michael, not far behind, also stopped his car and walked over to her, seeing her hair being blown by the cold wind. He was about to take off his coat for her.

Isabella angrily questioned, "Michael, what do you want? You've been bothering me since earlier, and now you're following me. What do you want?"

"Isabella, I..."

Facing Isabella's cold questioning, Michael was momentarily speechless.

But Isabella thought he was deliberately following her.

Remembering how he had criticized her in front of everyone at the restaurant earlier, Isabella narrowed her eyes.

"What, you think you didn't say enough at the restaurant and want to continue? Or does it disgust you so much to see me with Emilio?"

She initially thought he couldn't stand seeing another man around her because he still had feelings for her as his wife.

But Violet's appearance made her realize the truth.

He didn't love her at all. He controlled her only because of his male ego.

"Isabella, you're talking nonsense. That's not what I meant."

"Then what do you mean? You came to me and Emilio, saying we haven't divorced and accusing me of secretly meeting him."

Isabella clenched her fists in anger. "Michael, tell me, what do you want?"

"Are you happy now that you've ruined my reputation?"

"When you were sneaking around with Violet, did you ever consider my feelings? And now you want to control me? Don't you find that ridiculous?"

In their three years of marriage, a woman named Bianca had already disrupted their relationship.

Now, there was another woman, Violet, who was constantly with him at the company.

They had even started their affair shortly after she became pregnant.

He had deceived her time and time again.

He had repeatedly hurt and humiliated her.

She had already decided to cut ties with him, so why wouldn't he let her go?

Ridiculous?

A flash of hurt crossed Michael's eyes.

When he learned from Nolan that she hadn't been at the explosion site, he was almost driven to madness with relief.

He had thought that after their wonderful night on the yacht, she would call him first to let him know she was safe if she encountered danger.

But he hadn't received any call from her by evening.

He waited outside her villa for news of her.

But it seemed like she had forgotten about him.

Finally, he got word from the bodyguard that she had returned from the Wilson family, and he rushed over, only to see her with Emilio.

As a man, he could see what Emilio's intentions were.

So when he heard Emilio say that the child would need a father in the future, his mind exploded, and he impulsively confronted them.

By the time he realized what he had said in his impulsiveness, it was too late.

But if he said he rushed over just to see her safe, would she believe him?

She would probably take every word he said as an excuse to stalk her.

But did he have any other reason to approach her?

Suddenly, Michael thought of someone.

How could he have forgotten about Daniel?

To Isabella, nothing was more important than Daniel.

"Isabella, didn't you say Grandpa Daniel wanted to see me? When do you have time? I'll go with you to visit him."

"You want to see Grandpa?" Isabella frowned at him, suspecting he had ulterior motives. "Michael, are you trying to use Grandpa to force me to listen to you?"

He was Michael, capable of anything to achieve his goals.

"What are you thinking?" Michael retorted without hesitation, "He's also my Grandpa. Even if our relationship changes, I would never use his health as leverage. What kind of person do you think I am?"

He sounded aggrieved, as if he would never do such a thing.

Isabella gave him a suspicious look and snorted, "You better not dare."

However, today at the Wilson family, Daniel had indeed mentioned Michael to her. His prolonged absence would inevitably arouse Daniel's suspicion.

If Michael could appear with her in front of Daniel, it might dispel her grandfather's doubts.

But could she really face Michael and pretend to be a loving couple?

Still, it was rare for him to willingly visit Daniel. This was a hurdle she had to overcome sooner or later.

Otherwise, if Daniel sensed something was wrong, it would be too late.

She took a deep breath. "Fine, if you have time in the next few days, call me. We'll go see Grandpa together."

###chapter 295 Begging for Mercy on Knees

"I am available anytime. How about tomorrow? I'll pick you up and we can go see Grandpa together."

Michael had been waiting for Isabella to say this.

As long as he could be with her, he was willing to do anything.

Isabella was slightly taken aback. It turned out that Michael genuinely wanted to visit Daniel. Since that was the case, she couldn't reject him.

"Alright, we can meet halfway tomorrow morning. You can ride in my car to avoid being noticed."

Daniel still didn't know that the two of them had already separated, so it made more sense to go in one car.

Michael's gaze fell on her slightly rounded belly. How could he bear to make things difficult for her?

"No need to trouble yourself. I'll come to Whispering Pines Estates to pick you up early tomorrow morning, before eight. You can sleep a bit longer."

She was pregnant now, and the most important thing was to ensure she got enough rest.

He would take care of everything else.

"That works."

Isabella didn't mind whose car they took, as long as they went together without Daniel noticing anything, the goal would be achieved.

"If there's nothing else, I'll be going now."

The wind outside was a bit strong, and Isabella didn't want to catch a cold. After saying what needed to be said, she returned to her car.

Seeing this, Michael also got back into his car, but he continued to follow behind Isabella's car at the same speed.

Isabella's bodyguard saw this and felt somewhat helpless. He reported to Isabella through the rearview mirror, "Ms. Taylor, Mr. Brown's car is still following us. What should we do?"

Isabella glanced casually and saw that Michael was determined to "follow" her.

The car was moving as slowly as a snail and wouldn't leave.

She simply sat in the back seat and closed her eyes to rest, speaking in a calm tone, "We're going back to the villa. Ignore him."

She couldn't understand what Michael wanted anymore, so she decided not to waste any more energy thinking about it.

She couldn't control him.

Let him do as he pleased.

Abroad, in a private estate.

In a room under close surveillance, Kian entered with some people, and someone behind him brought a chair for him to sit down.

He lit a cigarette, took a light puff, and his sharp gaze fell on the man tied up on the ground.

His tone was sarcastic and low, "Indigo, I've given you time to think. So, are you ready to talk now?"

Lying on the ground, Indigo's eyes were cloudy, and his cheeks had sunken in. He was curled up like a tortured patient.

He was Isabella's biological father, Indigo, who had been unknowingly taken abroad and imprisoned for several months.

He hadn't even had time to react to the voice before a bodyguard grabbed him and dragged him in front of Kian.

Seeing Kian's face, Indigo trembled with fear.

But his survival instinct made him shout, "Kian, let me out! You can't do this to me! What right do you have?"

He had been taken out of the country while he was asleep and didn't even know where he was now.

The Wilson Family clearly intended to torture him to death.

These lunatics, everyone in the Wilson Family was crazy.

Isabella was, and even Grace was back then. There wasn't a single normal person in the Wilson Family.

"Let you out?" Kian sneered, "You don't think you're still in the States, do you? If you try to escape from here, you won't even make it out of this estate alive before being shot."

"But it's not impossible for me to let you go. Unless you can give me the answers I want, then I'll let you go. We can make a clear deal, how about that?"

"What, what more do you want to know? I've already told you everything."

Indigo's eyes were filled with pain. He had been locked up for so long, living like an animal every day, facing the same questions over and over.

If they didn't let him out soon, he would really go crazy.

"You should know that I want the truth, without a single mistake."

Kian's eyes were dark. He had been watching Indigo for so long, knowing that there were still some things he hadn't revealed.

And those were the truths behind Grace's tragic death.

If it weren't for Atticus wanting him to keep Indigo alive, he would have sent Indigo to accompany Grace in death long ago.

How could he still allow him to kneel here and beg for mercy?

Seeing that a tough attitude wouldn't work, Indigo tried a softer approach.

"Kian, don't forget, Grace wasn't just your sister. She was also my wife and Isabella's mother. If Isabella knew what you were doing to me, what would she think of you as her uncle?"

"Shut up!"

Kian's face suddenly darkened, and his eyes flashed with intense killing intent. "How dare you mention Grace and Isabella? If I hear you say their names again, I'll kill you right now."

"Okay, okay, I won't say it anymore."

Seeing that Kian was truly murderous, Indigo's face turned pale with fear.

Who knew what kind of shady business Kian was involved in abroad, with a group of black-clad bodyguards guarding the place every day?

Who knew if Kian would kill him in a fit of rage?

After all, no one would know if he died abroad.

Thinking of this, Indigo didn't dare to cause any more trouble and just kept his head down, begging for mercy.

"I've said everything I should and shouldn't have said. Even if you kill me, I have nothing more to say. I beg you, please let me go."

Kian didn't even look at him. He took out a recording from his phone and placed it in front of Indigo.

"Don't be in such a hurry. I have something good for you to listen to. Maybe after you hear it, you'll remember something."

Kian's long fingers pressed the play button, and a familiar voice came from the phone.

"Back then, he said such sweet things, but in the end, he abandoned us for his own wealth and glory, turning to please that bitch Isabella, calling her 'daughter' with every breath. Disgusting!"

"He doesn't even remember how he climbed into my bed, swearing to sever ties with those two bitches. Bastard, I shouldn't have believed him."

As soon as the voice started, Indigo's face changed dramatically.

Kian just quietly watched his reaction and continued to play the next part.

"Mom, I'm suddenly very curious. How did that woman named Grace die as soon as she entered the hospital? What illness did she have?"

"How Grace died, to be honest, I don't know."

"Back then, I was just a small luxury store clerk. It was Indigo who couldn't stand the loneliness and pretended to be single to date me. When I found out he had a family, everything was already..."

Kian suddenly pressed the pause button.

He cut off the rest of the words.

At this moment, Indigo's mind seemed to explode when he heard Harper pushing all the responsibility away from herself.

"She's lying! That bitch! Let her keep talking. I want to see how innocent she can make herself out to be."

"If it weren't for her seducing me, would I have abandoned my good family to be with a bitch like her?"

Indigo's face turned red with anger, wishing he could confront Harper face to face.

###chapter 296 Caught Red-Handed

Looking at the scene, Kian was simply amazed. He squinted his eyes and said slowly, "It's not that I don't want to let you listen, it's just that the recording behind is more explosive than you think. I'm afraid you won't be able to handle it and might faint from anger."

"You two are really similar, always pushing the responsibility onto each other when something goes wrong, neither of you dares to take responsibility."

Mentioning Harper made Indigo grit his teeth in hatred.

The recording had already infuriated him, and his anger burst out, "That bitch Harper, she thinks she's so innocent. Wasn't it her idea to get rid of Grace so she could become Mrs. Taylor? If I get back, I'll kill her."

Indigo said the rest through gritted teeth, clearly provoked by Harper's words.

But even in his anger, Indigo didn't forget that Kian was right in front of him.

So he muttered the words through clenched teeth, only he could hear them clearly.

But Kian, sitting in the chair, suddenly looked up and smirked, "Go on, why did you stop?"

Indigo was startled but kept a brave face, "I just cursed a bit, do you want to hear that too?"

"How long have you kept me tied up? I haven't slept well for two or three days. Even if you want to get something out of me, you should at least give me some basic human rights."

Indigo hoped Kian would leave soon. He had almost let slip something he shouldn't have in his anger.

But Kian had no intention of letting him off.

He raised his hand, and the bodyguard behind him immediately handed over a new phone, with the recording interface open. Kian just lightly tapped it.

Indigo's muttered words were played out clearly.

The sound was clear and loud, and the whole room heard him say, "Wasn't it her idea to get rid of Grace so she could become Mrs. Taylor?"

The sound stopped, and Indigo was completely stunned.

He stared at Kian with wide eyes, "What did you do to me?"

Kian played with the phone, a sinister look in his eyes, "What could I do to you? Of course, I recorded your every word."

"Not only do you have a bug on you, but every corner here is bugged. Did you think I kept you here for a vacation?"

Indigo didn't know what expression to show.

He had been here so long and hadn't realized he was bugged and surrounded by bugs.

Kian stood up with the phone and instructed the bodyguard behind him, "Continue questioning him, get the whole story behind that sentence."

"If he doesn't talk, keep playing that sentence in his ear until he gives me the answer I want."

"Yes, Mr. Wilson."

Kian strode out of the room and immediately called Atticus back in the States.

"Atticus, we got a lead. It was Harper who provided the plan to Indigo to climb up, which led to Grace's death."

"But Indigo is still holding back on the specifics."

Atticus, sitting in his office, replied coldly, "Don't worry if he doesn't talk. We've waited all these years, we can wait for him to open up."

They had endured for so many years, a few more days wouldn't matter.

"Okay, I'll let you know as soon as I have any news."

After hanging up, Atticus's phone suddenly received a message.

It was from his assistant: [Mr. Wilson, I've found the medical records of Ms. Wilson's hospitalization back then. I've sent the documents to your email, please check them.]

Seeing the message, a cold light flashed in Atticus's eyes.

He had finally waited for this day.

The truth about Grace's tragic death was about to be revealed.

Just then, his phone rang again, it was a call from the Wilson Villa.

The only person who would call him at this time was Daniel.

Atticus quickly answered the call, "Dad."

"Atticus, why are you so busy today that you haven't come home yet? Is there something urgent?"

Daniel's voice was hoarse, but his concern for Atticus was evident.

When Holden wasn't home, Atticus would usually return to the Wilson Villa to have dinner with him.

Today, Holden had gone out early, Atticus hadn't come back, Isabella had returned to her place, leaving the old man alone at home, feeling lonely.

Atticus wouldn't dare leave Daniel alone at home, so he said, "I'm not busy, Dad, I'm coming back now, don't worry."

"Alright, take your time on the road. By the way, is something wrong with Isabella? She didn't look well this afternoon and seemed listless."

Atticus was startled and quickly explained for Isabella, "How could that be? She probably just didn't sleep well. If you're really worried, I'll call her and ask her to come to the Wilson Villa to talk with you."

"Okay, that works. I haven't felt at ease since Isabella left. Now that she's pregnant, I'm worried. If she could stay at home, I could see her every day."

Atticus was a bit troubled, "I'll talk to Isabella. If she can come, that's good, but whether she wants to stay is up to her."

After finally reassuring Daniel, Atticus contacted Isabella.

He asked if she had time to visit the Wilson Family tomorrow. Isabella had already made plans with Michael, so she agreed immediately.

Atticus didn't say much more, just waited for Isabella to come back tomorrow.

After hanging up, Isabella started worrying about her meeting with Michael tomorrow.

How could she act loving with Michael without being too intimate?

If she couldn't help but keep her distance from Michael, what if Daniel noticed something was wrong?

But she had just managed to control her emotions.

What if she got too close to him, and he treated her well because of the baby, and she started having unnecessary thoughts and feelings again?

Touching her belly, Isabella suddenly had an idea.

She could stop loving Michael.

But she shouldn't deprive the child of his affection.

That would be good. After all, his concern for her was all because of the child.

With this thought, Isabella fell into a deep sleep.

When she woke up, it was already daylight outside.

Just as she finished dressing, Cinda knocked on the door, "Ms. Taylor, Mr. Brown is waiting outside. I asked him to come in, but he didn't."

Isabella paused and replied, "Got it, Cinda, I'll be right down."

###chapter 297 No Need to Act Anymore

When Isabella went downstairs, she saw Michael from a distance, leaning against the car in a long black coat, without a cigarette in his hand, just quietly looking at the ground.

He occasionally glanced up at the building.

In such cold weather, he was standing there in the cold wind, and even Isabella felt he was asking for trouble.

She wanted Cinda to call him to get in, but knowing Michael's temper, he probably wouldn't come inside even if called.

She had to handle it herself.

Isabella tightened her cashmere shawl and walked to the door in her fluffy slippers.

Looking at Michael's face, already red from the cold wind, she said helplessly, "How long are you going to stand there? I haven't had breakfast yet."

Seeing Isabella's cute just-woken-up look, Michael's eyes brightened, and he stood up straighter.

"No rush, take your time, I'll wait for you."

After saying that, he still had no intention of going inside or sitting in the car.

Isabella was speechless. It was only seven o'clock, and he must not have had breakfast either.

She really had no way to deal with him.

"Alright, stop standing there foolishly, come in and eat with me, then we'll go to Grandpa's."

"Okay."

Michael's eyes lit up. He wouldn't be foolish enough to refuse Isabella's personal invitation.

So the two of them sat at a table, eating breakfast face to face. Only then did Isabella get into his car and head to the Wilson Family.

When they arrived and got out of the car, Michael specifically walked over to Isabella's side to help her.

Isabella instinctively wanted to refuse, but with her uncles watching and possibly the servants who might tell Daniel later, she bit her lip and put her hand in Michael's, using his strength to get out of the car.

Before she could pull her hand away, Michael wrapped his arm around her waist and said seriously, "Take it slow, you're pregnant now, you need to be more careful, understand?"

If it weren't for her uncles approaching, Isabella would have pushed this hypocritical man away.

Seeing the situation, she had to go along with it, otherwise, it would be a mess.

"Oh, didn't I tell you I'm three months pregnant? You don't need to be so nervous."

Isabella said as she hugged Michael's arm, looking very happy.

Seeing this, her uncles' eyes widened.

Atticus didn't react much. Although he was shocked, he knew Isabella well enough to understand she must have her reasons for acting this way.

The other uncles, however, were immediately filled with hostility towards Michael.

They wished they could pry his hand off Isabella's waist and keep him as far away from her as possible.

But they also knew one thing very clearly, Daniel inside the house wouldn't agree.

After all, what he most wanted to see was Isabella and Michael getting along well.

Michael greeted each uncle, then led Isabella into the house under their watchful eyes.

Seeing the two of them together, looking sweet, Daniel couldn't be happier.

He raised his hand for them to sit, especially pulling Isabella to sit beside him, patting her hand and nodding.

"I was worried that being alone would affect your mood, and I was planning to have you stay with me so I could take care of you."

"Now seeing you two getting along so well, I'm relieved."

"You know, the one I worry about the most is you. Now seeing you and Michael getting along and you two are having a baby, I can rest easy even if I die."

At this point, Daniel, who had been strong all his life, couldn't help but tear up.

His biggest regret in life was letting Grace escape and marry someone who didn't love her, ending up dying of illness.

Now that Isabella could have a happy and stable family, not following Grace's path, he was at peace.

Isabella felt sad and held Daniel's hand to comfort him, "Grandpa, don't say that, you still have to be with me for a long time!"

"Didn't you say you would help me take care of the baby? Without you, how can I take care of the baby alone? I don't know how to do these things. Or do you want your future great-grandchild to be neglected?"

"How could that be? Isn't there Aiden? He wouldn't neglect your child."

Daniel said with a smile.

But Isabella didn't think so. She hugged Daniel's arm and immediately retorted.

"No, Aiden is Aiden, you are you. Even if the child is cared for, what about me? If I can't see you, Grandpa, I will cry."

In the end, Isabella couldn't help but cry.

Her uncles and Daniel hurried to comfort her.

Michael wanted to hug her but couldn't get in.

"Dad, Isabella is in a period of hormonal imbalance, don't scare her. If she cries, it will make her feel unwell."

Atticus looked at them helplessly, not knowing what to do.

He could only persuade Daniel.

Holden also chimed in.

"Yes, Dad, you're in good health and will live a long time. Don't say those things anymore. Not only does Isabella not want to hear it, but I also get scared listening to it."

"Alright, alright!"

Daniel wiped Isabella's tears and said with a smile.

"It's my fault, I shouldn't scare Isabella. I promise to take good care of myself and do nothing but help take care of the baby, okay?"

Isabella finally stopped crying and nodded, "That's more like it. I can't trust anyone else with the baby, only you, Grandpa."

"And, Grandpa, Michael and I have discussed it. We didn't get to go on a honeymoon when we got married, so after the baby is born, we'll leave the company to the uncles for a while and go on our own. You can't disagree."

Hearing this, Michael immediately added, "That's right, Grandpa. I promised Isabella. We can only trust you to take care of the baby."

"And if I don't make up for the honeymoon, she'll really be mad."

"Hahaha, alright, after the baby is born, I'll take care of the baby, and you two can go have fun."

Daniel agreed happily.

He didn't notice anything amiss.

Thus, a perfect and harmonious family gathering was successfully achieved.

Just before getting into the car, Isabella, with Michael's help, gently and warmly said goodbye to Daniel and her uncles.

But as soon as the car door closed, Isabella quickly withdrew her hand.

She wiped the smile off her face and took a deep breath, "Enough! Michael, we don't need to act anymore."

###chapter 298 Violet Is in My Hands

The deliberate distance, the cold tone.

Isabella's change left Michael momentarily stunned. He withdrew his hands in disappointment, his eyes dimming.

He knew she had him appear just to put on a show in front of Daniel, but they hadn't even left yet, and she was already eager to push him away.

Did his touch disgust her that much?

"Isabella, no matter how our relationship changes, I'm still the child's father..."

Before Michael could finish, Isabella interrupted him, "Yes, you are the child's father, but you have nothing to do with me anymore."

So, their intimacy was limited to the act they put on in front of Daniel.

At other times, she didn't want to have any overly intimate actions with him, as it would only lead to thoughts and impulses she shouldn't have.

Ultimately, she would fall into his false tenderness again.

She hadn't forgotten the hurt and pain Michael had caused her before; she didn't want to recall that time.

And it was time to end this relationship.

Michael wanted to argue, but the place was wrong; Daniel and the uncles were outside.

He suppressed his emotions and started the car.

The whole way, neither of them spoke, and the atmosphere was very tense.

Isabella looked out the window, watching the scenery flash by, and suddenly remembered something.

She turned her head, breaking the silence, "Michael, I heard you're searching the whole city for Violet, is that true?"

Michael's expression changed slightly but then returned to calm.

It made sense. The Wilson Family's capabilities were on par with the Brown Family, and with Atticus in charge, information naturally flowed freely.

It wasn't surprising that Isabella knew.

He responded calmly, "Yes, I'm looking for her. Have you seen her?"

Since Nolan appeared, he suspected that Isabella's incident was related to Violet's disappearance on the yacht.

So after confirming she was safe, he sent everyone out to find Violet's whereabouts.

He wanted to get the truth about the explosion from Violet.

But Michael's honest answer deeply hurt Isabella.

She guessed right.

That night on the yacht, she was just a stand-in for Violet.

In Michael's heart, the most important person was Violet!

So, he had people search the whole city for Violet as soon as they got off the boat, even though she almost died in the explosion, he didn't show any concern or ask about her.

Isabella should wake up.

Some things couldn't be obtained by force.

Without hesitation, she decisively told him the truth, "I've seen her. She's in the Wilson Family's territory, being protected. You don't need to worry too much."

With Michael's ability, finding Violet was just a matter of time, so instead of waiting for him to find out it was the Wilson Family's doing, she might as well tell him Violet's whereabouts now.

However, she underestimated Michael's concern for Violet.

"Isabella, hand Violet over to me."

Michael's voice was low, even with a hint of pleading.

He knew very well that behind Violet was the Adri Family. If he wanted to take down the Adri Family, he had to use Violet.

Moreover, this time the Adri Family clearly targeted Isabella, and he wouldn't wait any longer.

But what Michael didn't know was that his plea was seen by Isabella as a true expression of his feelings for Violet.

Did he think she didn't know by now?

Violet was Bianca.

A few months ago, Bianca drugged her, almost causing her to lose her virginity in a nightclub. She sent the Wilson Family to search the whole city for her, but in the end, it was Michael who protected Bianca.

Now Bianca returned with a new identity, and Michael still protected her.

They truly loved each other.

No matter how she changed, Michael's affection for Bianca never wavered.

Isabella couldn't help but ask, "Michael, do you really like her that much?"

'What do I lack compared to her?'

The last sentence Isabella couldn't say out loud; she didn't want to compare herself to others, especially Bianca.

But she really didn't understand what Michael liked about Bianca.

Back then, to save him, she risked her life to protect him.

Fortunately, God blessed them, and both she and Michael survived the accident.

But it seemed like God played a joke on her; when Michael woke up, he forgot all about her, while she could never forget him.

In the end, she chose to hide her identity to marry him, even enduring his coldness for three years without leaving.

But it was all her wishful thinking.

He didn't love her.

He only loved Bianca.

Thinking of this, she clenched her fists, bit her lip, and turned her head away, "Don't even think about it, I won't hand Violet over."

The evidence in the recording was enough to prove that Violet was the missing Bianca abroad.

And Harper was one of the murderers of Grace.

New and old grudges together, she wouldn't let this mother and daughter go.

Moreover, these two were related to the entire Wilson Family. The uncles had waited so long to act; they wouldn't let them go easily.

"Isabella, Violet is very important to me now. She can't fall into your hands!"

Michael, thinking the Adri Family would use Violet to target Isabella again, spoke out of tension.

If Violet did something dangerous again, it would be too late.

Isabella's heart ached at his words. She sneered and pushed away Michael's hand, "Yes, she's important to you, but so what?"

"She's in my hands now, and only I can decide."

Isabella almost couldn't resist revealing Violet's true identity.

But on second thought, she held back.

Given Michael's protection of Violet, it was likely because she had similarities with Bianca.

A few months ago, he protected Bianca so much. If she handed Violet over, and he hid her again, how could she find Violet again?

So, she made up her mind.

"Michael, if you want to fight for her, show your skills. I'll give you a fair chance to compete."

Seeing Isabella's determined expression, Michael knew she had made up her mind. He felt helpless and stopped arguing.

The Wilson Family's security system was unmatched in Evergreen City, and his identity was still there. If he broke in just to snatch an unrelated Violet...

Not only would it be hard to explain to Aiden, but her uncles would kill him.

And at that time, their marriage would also break.

Isabella's suggestion was essentially a dead end for him.

At this moment, Isabella suddenly spoke, "Stop the car!"

Michael immediately saw several black luxury cars parked not far away, with Isabella's bodyguards standing outside.

She had already prepared, ready to separate from him decisively as soon as they left the Wilson Family, without any hesitation.

###chapter 299 Fortunately, You Are Okay

The car came to a stop, and Isabella was about to open the door and get out when Michael suddenly called out to her, "Isabella!"

Isabella's fingers paused, and she turned to look at him, "Do you need something?"

"Yes." Michael nodded decisively, then he unbuckled his seatbelt and, taking advantage of Isabella's unguarded moment, reached out and pulled her into his arms.

His hands held her tightly, as if he were holding a lost treasure.

The intimate gesture was so sudden that Isabella didn't even have time to react. She just saw Michael lunging towards her, and she fell into a warm, broad chest.

"Michael, what... what are you doing? Let go of me."

Instinctively, Isabella tried to push him away, but her strength was nothing compared to Michael's.

He even held her tighter.

Suddenly, he spoke in a low voice, "Be careful of the baby."

Isabella's body stiffened.

Then his hands restlessly moved from her waist.

She belatedly realized she had fallen into his trap.

She couldn't help but pinch him, "Michael, you did this on purpose, didn't you? Don't think I won't call for help, outside are all my..."

Before she could finish her threat, Michael sighed softly in her ear, "Isabella, thank God you're okay."

Otherwise, he would have gone crazy.

Isabella was completely stunned.

Did she hear that right?

Michael was actually relieved for her safety. Was this the Michael she knew?

Maybe he was worried about the baby in her belly.

Just as she was at a loss, the car door behind her suddenly opened, and the arms holding her tightly were withdrawn.

"Go back, be careful on the road."

In an instant, Michael had reverted to his calm and composed self, as if what had just happened was merely Isabella's illusion.

But Isabella wouldn't think too much about it anymore.

She wouldn't lose herself over a little bit of Michael's kindness.

"Goodbye."

Isabella decisively got out of the car and got into the car where the bodyguard had been waiting.

Michael's car left before hers, and Isabella's heart no longer had any ripples.

Back then, she had desperately saved his life when he was unconscious.

And now he had given her a baby, a new life.

They were even.

After Michael left, Isabella had the bodyguard drive her to the Wilson Family's base.

This was where Violet and Harper were being held.

Isabella had just arrived when several uncles also rushed over.

However, Thomas left shortly after receiving a phone call.

He seemed to be in a hurry.

Isabella asked Holden, who only said that Thomas had to leave because of work.

Apparently, a newly hired assistant had messed up the contract details, and Thomas had to go fix the problem.

Isabella found it strange.

Thomas was known for his work efficiency and decisive attitude in the industry, how could he have hired such a muddle-headed assistant?

Moreover, he didn't seem angry at all when he left, just anxious.

Could it be...

Isabella's eyes lit up, "Could Uncle Thomas have met someone he likes?"

Holden hadn't thought in that direction, but after Isabella's reminder, he couldn't help but laugh.

"Oh my, it might be possible. Thomas has never been this flustered before. Next time we meet, I'll definitely ask him for you."

"Really, it's a deal then."

Isabella and Holden exchanged a knowing smile.

Just as they were chatting happily, Atticus came out of the house.

"What are you two talking about, so happy?"

He said, pulling up a chair and sitting down casually.

Isabella also sat down next to him and explained the good news they had just discovered.

"Uncle Atticus, Uncle Holden and I were just talking about Uncle Thomas. Maybe next time we meet, he will bring home a girlfriend."

"Really?" Atticus smiled, "Then our Wilson Family will have another happy event."

Another?

Isabella looked at Atticus's meaningful expression and asked, "Is there other good news?"

"It's time to give this to you." Atticus handed Isabella a sealed document, "You'll understand when you read this."

Isabella took it with curiosity, and when she opened it, she found it was Grace's last hospitalization record.

But when she saw the final diagnosis, her face was filled with disbelief.

"Uncle Atticus, what's going on? How could my mother have a mental illness?"

Isabella's reaction pained her uncles.

Holden stepped forward and patted her hand, taking a deep breath, "Isabella, when Atticus and I found out about this, we were just as angry. This is why we didn't want to tell you too much."

"No." Isabella shook her head, calming down slowly.

She knew there must be a bigger conspiracy behind this, "Uncle Atticus, Uncle Holden, you two should have told me. I can handle it."

Holden nodded appreciatively, "Just as you thought, Indigo and Harper conspired to frame Grace. If you don't want to get involved, Atticus and I will handle their punishment. The Wilson Family will not let them go!"

Holden's tone was firm, his eyes fierce.

Grace was their beloved sister, and she had suffered such great injustice in her life. The Wilson Family would make them pay.

Atticus agreed with Holden, "Isabella, Holden is right. This is not just your matter, but a grudge our entire Wilson Family has held for over ten years. You can trust us to handle it."

"Besides, you're pregnant now, you can't make impulsive decisions."

Not letting Isabella get involved was more about her physical and emotional well-being.

She was pregnant, and facing her mother's killers would surely bring intense emotional turmoil.

They were worried about the impact on the baby.

Hearing this, Isabella finally understood her uncles' concern and care for her.

But could she really let go?

When Grace passed away, she was only seven years old. In her memory, Grace spent her last days in the hospital.

But every time she sneaked in to see Grace, Grace would always show her best side.

A few months later, Grace passed away in the hospital.

She was too young to understand the suspicious circumstances of Grace's sudden death. A year later, she was taken away by Daniel.

It wasn't until she grew up that she began to recall everything.

But too much time had passed, and without clues or evidence, she didn't know where to start investigating.

Now, all the evidence was laid out before her. but she couldn't see her enemies get their comeuppance with her own eyes.

No! She couldn't accept this!

###chapter 300 The Bloody Truth

Isabella looked down at her swollen belly and gently touched it. At this moment, she eagerly hoped the baby would give her some response.

"Baby, Mommy loves you. But I also really want to clear my mother Grace's name, who is your grandmother. She didn't die of illness, but was killed by those bad people. If possible, I want to see them punished and get the retribution they deserve. Do you agree with my decision? I promise you, this will be the only time, and I won't be impulsive again, okay?"

Just when she was doubting whether her decision was really wrong.

Suddenly, Isabella's palm trembled, and a gentle movement came from her hand.

It was clearly impossible, but she was firmly convinced that at that moment, the baby responded to her.

The baby also wanted her to bravely do what she wanted to do.

Isabella's eyes instantly became moist, and she gently stroked her belly, comforting the baby.

"Don't worry, I will definitely find out the truth and clear your Grandma's name."

"Uncle Atticus, I've made up my mind. No matter what the truth behind this medical record is, I will investigate it thoroughly, uncover the bloody facts, and seek justice for my mother."

"And this is also the last thing I can do for my mother."

If she chose to back out at this last step, she would regret it for the rest of her life.

"But Isabella..." Holden wanted to persuade her again but was stopped by Atticus.

Since Isabella had made her decision, they shouldn't stop her anymore.

Isabella flipped through the medical records one by one, which showed that Grace was repeatedly controlled by medication and was eventually sent to a mental hospital under the pretext of insanity.

Each subsequent treatment involved increasing doses of sedatives, which was extremely painful just from the records.

But Grace was normal.

Indigo and Harper, that despicable couple, forcibly locked Grace in a mental hospital and treated her like a mental patient just to seize her assets.

From that time on, it wasn't long before news of Grace's death came.

One could imagine how much she suffered during that time.

At this moment, Atticus's deep voice sounded.

"The Wilson Family has never had a history of mental illness for over a hundred years. Indigo and Harper used such a vicious method to get rid of Grace as soon as possible."

The hospital's final cause of death for Grace was cardiac arrest, and she died during surgery due to unsuccessful resuscitation.

Before that, Grace's body had already shown signs of myocardial weakness.

These reactions were all caused by an overdose of psychiatric drugs.

But all of this was covered up at the time, and Grace's cause of death was defined by the hospital as a simple surgical accident.

The Taylor Family thus shirked all responsibility cleanly.

Indigo even embezzled all of Grace's assets in the name of her husband.

In the following period, Isabella was ready to investigate the whole truth.

But when the truth finally came, she underestimated her hatred for Indigo and Harper.

If she hadn't handed them over to the police, she would have wanted to kill them herself!

On the day of the trial, Isabella sat in the front row, watching Indigo and Harper being judged.

After the judge read the entire case, Indigo and Harper shifted the blame to each other but had to reveal the truth.

When Indigo learned that Grace was a wealthy lady, he used every means to keep her by his side.

Grace even broke off relations with her family to marry Indigo.

The two of them started over in Evergreen City.

But at this time, Indigo's true nature gradually emerged. He had no abilities, looked down on ordinary jobs, and couldn't even support himself, let alone Grace.

Grace, as the daughter of the Wilson Family, had to support herself, working every day and still doing laundry and cooking for Indigo, who did nothing.

Later, by chance, Grace seized an opportunity to take on a lucrative project, using the funds to start her own business. In just one year, she had her own company and ran it successfully.

But at this time, she became pregnant.

Unwilling to stay at home, Indigo planned to take over the company, using the excuse of caring for Grace to trick her into staying home to rest, while he became the company's president.

For the sake of the family, Grace willingly stayed home, but she didn't expect that shortly after Indigo became president, he was dazzled by the high society's luxury.

He spent his days at parties and social events, frequenting entertainment venues.

At his most complacent moment, Harper appeared.

Fresh out of college, without money or power, Harper set her sights on the wealthy Indigo.

With Indigo's lavish spending on luxury goods, she used her young body and sweet voice to win over Indigo's heart and soul.

At this time, Grace was still unaware of their affair.

But Harper, having won over Indigo, was far from satisfied with her ambitions, especially after learning that Grace was pregnant. She didn't want everything she had gained to be lost.

She didn't want to remain Indigo's mistress, so she planned to find a way to drive Grace away from Indigo.

Under her schemes, she not only successfully got pregnant but also urged Indigo to divorce Grace, seizing control of the company.

Indigo spent less and less time at home and showed no concern for Grace.

A few months later, Grace gave birth to Isabella alone in the hospital.

But Indigo, because Isabella was a girl, had a big fight with Grace, who had just given birth.

The company's executives, disgusted by Indigo's ungrateful behavior, exposed his affair with Harper.

But Grace, wanting to live a good life, went to the company with the newborn Isabella to beg Indigo to come home.

He still had her and Isabella.

She was even willing to overlook his past with Harper.

But Indigo was already infatuated with Harper, and Harper might give him a son. Without thinking, he pushed Grace away.

During the time Indigo accompanied Harper through her pregnancy, Grace cried every day. The dual torment of childbirth and abandonment led her to develop postpartum depression.

Her health deteriorated day by day, but she still insisted on taking care of Isabella and managing the company.

Indigo didn't mention divorce, and so it went until two months before Harper's due date.

Harper worried that her child would be overshadowed by Isabella and feared that if it were a girl, Indigo might fall for a younger woman. And at this moment, Indigo was deeply troubled by the fact that all the company's executives supported Grace. With a divorce, he can only get half of the assets, but he wants it all.
So Harper came up with a plan to help Indigo get all of Grace's company shares without much effort.

###chapter 301 Verdict

The two hit it off immediately, and the plan was born.

Indigo first tricked Grace into thinking she was sick, sent her to the hospital for a while, and then forged medical records to get her into a mental hospital.

What happened next was just as Isabella saw in the proof; Grace stayed there for only a few months before she lost her life.

Grace died so unjustly, how could she possibly let Indigo and Harper go?

"Silence!"

With the judge's voice falling, this murder case that had been covered up for more than a decade finally got the conclusion it deserved.

"Based on the evidence presented and the testimonies of the two defendants, the evidence is conclusive. This case can be basically classified as intentional homicide. The methods of the murder were heinous, and the defendants showed no remorse. They are hereby sentenced to death."

Upon hearing this verdict, Harper and Indigo collapsed into their chairs, their faces changing dramatically.

As for Bianca, who was captured along with the Wilson Family, since she was not involved in this case and was only Harper and Indigo's daughter, she was released in court.

The trial ended there.

Afterward, Indigo and Harper were taken away by the police separately. When Indigo saw Isabella sitting in the front row, she seemed to be provoked and started yelling at her.

"Isabella, are you even human? You won't even spare your biological father. Even if I die, I won't let you go."

"You're just like your mother Grace, cold-blooded and heartless, only caring about yourself. People like you deserve nothing. I curse you to die a miserable death."

Indigo's curses echoed throughout the courtroom.

But Isabella just looked at Indigo quietly, as if she were watching a monkey jumping around in a zoo.

She slowly stood up and walked forward, giving a cold smile to the angry and terrified Indigo.

"Why should I be afraid? The one who deserves to die now is you. As for whether I'll have such a day, you don't need to worry about it because by then, you won't be around to see it."

Three days later, Indigo would no longer be in this world.

Indigo's face turned pale, and just as she was about to curse again, the police officers behind her dragged her away.

Harper had already fainted upon hearing the verdict.

As the door was about to close, Isabella took one last look at Indigo, whom she had once called her biological father, feeling incredibly conflicted.

When the verdict was read, she felt happy for Grace.

Grace had been wronged for over a decade and finally got her name cleared today.

But she also felt it was not worth it for Grace. If Grace had seen through Indigo's true nature earlier, her end might not have been so tragic.

But now everything was settled, and perhaps it was all destined.

Just like her and Michael, even though she knew they were not suitable for each other, she still desperately wanted to marry him.

Fortunately, she woke up completely after three years.

A marriage without love should be ended in time.

Isabella touched her belly. Fortunately, the child had no reaction, and she should leave too.

As she walked to the door, Isabella ran into Bianca, who had just been released.

But her face was still Violet's, though it didn't seem to matter anymore.

Who she was had nothing to do with Isabella.

Isabella originally wanted to walk straight past, but unexpectedly, Bianca took the initiative to speak to her.

"Isabella, you've been preparing for so long just for today, haven't you?"

Isabella sent her biological father Indigo to court and had the verdict executed. She really underestimated Isabella's capability and ruthlessness.

Violet's words were equivalent to admitting that she was Bianca.

Isabella didn't hold back and retorted immediately, "That's right, I've been waiting for this day. This is the punishment they deserve."

Bianca clenched her hands tightly, wanting to make a move but was intimidated by the sudden appearance of Isabella's bodyguards.

She bit her lip, snorted coldly, and directly confessed her identity, regardless of the face she was wearing.

She was Bianca.

Even with this identity, she could still win over Michael.

"Isabella, you don't know yet, but Michael and I have privately agreed to be together. We will always be together, and I will bear his child and become his wife."

"By then, Isabella, don't hesitate to come just because you're Michael's ex-wife."

Bianca was her nominal sister, and Michael was her nominal husband and the father of her unborn child.

If these two could get together, wouldn't the media in Evergreen City be shocked?

Isabella wasn't angry after hearing this; she just felt that Bianca was going to great lengths to disgust her.

She could even say such things.

Even if Michael liked Bianca, it didn't mean the Brown Family could accept her, let alone hold a wedding for her.

Under Bianca's provocation, Isabella gently stroked her belly, "Sure, I'll definitely bring the child to bless your wedding with Michael."

After saying that, Isabella raised her eyebrows, and Bianca's face instantly darkened.

Isabella was clearly flaunting the child to her.

Since she started being around Michael as Violet, he hadn't touched her. They hadn't even had the most basic kiss, let alone have a child.

When Bianca heard her deliberately mention the child, she instinctively felt that Isabella was mocking her with the child's matter.

But she wouldn't admit defeat. Now that she was by Michael's side, one day she would have everything in her hands.

She would take back everything that belonged to Isabella and avenge Harper.

Even if she wanted to make a move on Isabella now, she had to hold back.

However, Isabella had no intention of wasting time with her. She lifted her foot to leave but heard Bianca suddenly say.

"Oh, Michael is here to pick me up. Isabella, I won't talk to you anymore, or Michael will get anxious waiting."

Bianca walked past Isabella proudly.

Following her gaze, a white Bentley happened to stop at the door, and Michael's tall figure got out of the car.

Bianca ran up to Michael, holding his hand coquettishly.

The intimate scene between the two stung Isabella's eyes. She curled her lips into a cold smile and got into her car with the bodyguards' escort.

Sure enough, she was right.

Whether it was Bianca or Violet, Michael had never changed his preference.

When choosing between her and Bianca, he never chose her.

For Michael to drop all his work to pick up Bianca showed how important she was to him.

And Bianca being released safely and in court, could it also be Michael's doing?

She didn't dare to think further.

Even though the truth was right in front of her, why couldn't she learn to let go?

She was too greedy.

Wasn't having the child enough? She should let go of what she shouldn't have.

###chapter 302 I Can't Possibly Fall in Love with You

On the other side.

In the car.

Aaron, who had returned from his injury, sat in the driver's seat. When Bianca and Michael got into the back seat, he tactfully raised the partition.

Seeing this, Bianca blushed a little, thinking that Michael was going to do something to her that Aaron shouldn't see.

But after waiting for a long time without Michael making any moves, she couldn't help but speak first, "Michael, what's wrong? Are you mad at me?"

Seeing Michael's face looking quite unpleasant, Bianca tugged at his sleeve and leaned towards him with a sweet voice.

"I know I deceived you with Violet's identity, but it was the only way. Isabella was getting too close to you, even though you were about to divorce, you were still living together. I was afraid she would take you away."

"I know you still have feelings for me, otherwise you wouldn't have fallen for my other identity, right? Have you forgotten what you promised me? You said you would give me everything I wanted, including the title of Mrs. Brown. Let's just pretend nothing happened, okay?"

The more Bianca spoke, the more emotional she became, wishing she could hug Michael tightly right now to prove that he still had feelings for her.

But Michael calmly pushed her away, the cold aura emanating from him making her shiver.

"Bianca, you know very well that once your identity is exposed, I can't pretend nothing happened. So, tell me, what's really going on?"

Michael's voice was cold, not negotiating but interrogating.

"Michael, I don't know what you're talking about. Don't be like this, I'm scared."

Bianca tried to act coy and get away with it, but Michael was no longer willing to play along.

Previously, he had to pretend to be unaware, but now that Bianca had confessed her identity, he had no reason to be nice to her.

"You don't know?" Michael's eyes darkened. "I had someone send you to Auroria, but you disappeared after just a few weeks. Now you've not only changed your identity to Violet but also changed your face. Don't you think you owe me an explanation?"

The Adri Family was a mysterious family eyeing him covetously. They had just started to make moves domestically, and coincidentally, Bianca appeared by his side at that time.

He guessed that the person who saved Bianca in Auroria must be connected to the Adri Family.

If he wanted to find out anything, he had to start with Bianca.

So, when Bianca appeared, he rushed over immediately, fearing she would disappear again.

By then, all his clues about the Adri Family would be gone.

Hearing Michael mention Auroria, Bianca's face turned pale, but she quickly recovered.

She looked at him weakly, "Michael, you never gave me an explanation for sending me to Auroria. I was terrified every day there. Now that I've finally returned, I haven't brought it up, and you're bringing up my painful memories. Don't you feel any guilt for what you did? In the end, you should be the one compensating me."

Bianca wiped her tears in grievance, refusing to answer Michael's question directly.

Seeing this, Michael's last bit of patience ran out.

"Bianca, playing dumb is pointless now. You'd better tell me the truth."

"Fine!"

Bianca "cooperatively" moved closer to him, her whole body weakly leaning against him.

"Michael, I can stop playing dumb and tell you everything you want to know, but I have conditions."

"What conditions?"

Michael frowned and raised his hand to stop her from getting closer.

Bianca's eyes darkened, and she bit her lip, "I want you to divorce Isabella now and marry me. Only when I become Mrs. Brown will I tell you everything."

"Impossible!"

Michael refused without thinking. When he looked at Bianca, his eyes were cold and emotionless.

"I told you clearly months ago that I have no feelings for you. The care I've shown you over the years was only because you saved me once. I've repaid that debt, and we have no further ties."

"Bianca, stop your delusions. I will never love you!"

He tried to say these words as calmly as possible, and his cold look and tone made Bianca heartbroken.

Even if he despised her, she could accept it.

But Michael's complete disregard for her, no matter what she looked like, was devastating to Bianca.

She had loved Michael for so long, but in the end, he had never felt anything for her.

Bianca's face changed dramatically.

Her eyes became extremely vicious and resentful, "I don't believe it. You said you only loved me. Did Isabella say something to you? Michael, you should know that I'm the one who truly cares for you."

"Isabella is my sister. I know her better than you. You know that once she makes up her mind, she never looks back. She's already decided to divorce you. She doesn't love you anymore and won't come back."

"Are you going to stay single for her for the rest of your life?"

Bianca deliberately said these words to Michael. She knew what could hurt him, and he knew the same about her.

Since Isabella already had a place in his heart, divorce would be a heavy blow to him.

But this time, Michael didn't seem to be affected.

He spoke very calmly, "Whether Isabella and I divorce is our business, not for you to comment on. Even if she doesn't want me anymore, I can stay single for the rest of my life."

Bianca was completely hurt.

She laughed self-deprecatingly, a heavy hatred flashing in her eyes, "Fine, if you don't want to marry me, then we have nothing to talk about. You'll never know how I got my identity."

He liked Isabella so much.

He'd rather be alone for her.

Then what about her?

Was she just a toy he kept by his side for the past two months, to be called and dismissed at will?

Bianca clenched her fists in hatred.

It was all Isabella's fault. If it weren't for her, she would have already married Michael as Violet.

She would have become the enviable Mrs. Brown.

It was all Isabella's fault.

She would never let that bitch Isabella go.

The previous explosion had let her escape, and it had also taken Harper down, with the Wilson Family sentencing her for various crimes.

This time, she would watch Isabella die in front of her.

And that bastard in her belly couldn't live either.

###chapter 303 No Retreat

Bianca was seething with hatred, but the moment she looked up, she met Michael's unfathomable eyes.

Michael's gaze was deep, just like the gentle look he used to give her.

All of this should have belonged to her.

But after she inexplicably passed out on the yacht, everything changed.

Michael's heart was stolen by that bitch Isabella that night.

His affection was no longer solely for her.

At this moment, Michael suddenly spoke coldly, "Bianca, do you really want to marry me and become Mrs. Brown that badly?"

Didn't she know her place? Did she really think that any woman could just walk into the Brown Family?

Bianca certainly didn't think Michael had suddenly changed his mind. She could hear the hint of sarcasm in his words.

He looked down on her.

Or had he already guessed what happened to her in Auroria?

But all of that was thanks to him.

Sure enough, the next second, Michael continued, "Don't forget, the Taylor Family is gone, and no one is protecting you anymore. If you confess everything now, I can still give you a way out. By the time I catch you red-handed, it will be too late."

He no longer had any sympathy for Bianca. He said this only to see if she had any intention of repenting.

If she could understand his words and confess everything voluntarily, he could let her go, so she wouldn't end up like Indigo and Harper.

But Bianca didn't think that way. If she told him the truth, she would truly lose Michael.

As long as she had something he wanted, he wouldn't let her go easily.

That way, she still had a chance.

She smiled seductively, "Michael, your words hurt my heart. I have no dirt for you to catch. I'm as clean as can be."

Without the Taylor Family, she still had that person helping her.

Now, even the Wilson Family couldn't do anything to her. What could Michael do?

If she didn't still have feelings for Michael, she could easily disappear from his sight, never to be found again.

Would she still foolishly wait for him to show up and give him this chance?

He would never understand how much she loved him.

Suddenly, Michael's voice rang out again, "Have you heard about the recent explosion at Elysian Bridge?"

He looked at her intently, as if trying to see through her.

If he couldn't find a direct link between Bianca and the explosion, he wouldn't have to resort to testing her to find evidence.

Bianca felt a pang of anxiety but showed no change in her expression.

She replied nonchalantly, "It was all over the news. How could I not have heard about it? Such a big explosion, who knows how many people died."

Too bad Isabella wasn't among them.

The explosion was meant for her, but she managed to escape.

Isabella didn't know where she got such good luck.

But no matter how much Michael investigated, he wouldn't find anything on her because it had nothing to do with her. Harper did it for her. What did she have to fear?

Michael watched her face for any changes but saw nothing.

But he wasn't in a hurry. He would eventually find out who tried to harm Isabella.

"It seems you don't know about this. That's good, otherwise..." He paused, looked out the window at the solemn courthouse, and said slowly, "Otherwise, it wouldn't just be your parents being sentenced."

The message was clear.

He suspected her but had no evidence.

Bianca's face finally changed.

She was willing to endure all the pain to come back and see Michael. He knew what had happened in the courtroom earlier, yet he still wanted to hurt her.

She loved him so much, but all she got in return was suspicion and doubt.

But she wasn't stupid.

Since Michael had no concrete evidence, no matter what he said or did, she wouldn't fall into his trap easily.

Although she didn't orchestrate the explosion, it was related to her.

She would never admit to it.

This involved not only her but also the people helping her from above. If she spoke out, she wouldn't even know how she died.

"Michael, I know you have misunderstandings about me. I'm truly innocent. Otherwise, the court wouldn't have let me leave immediately."

Michael just sat quietly, not responding.

He didn't believe a word Bianca said.

But Bianca continued relentlessly, "I know you're just temporarily blinded by Isabella. She doesn't love you, yet she uses the child to tie you down."

"If possible, I really hope you can see Isabella's true feelings for you. She doesn't love you. Only I truly love you. I'll wait for the day you see that, and then we can be together again, okay?"

No matter what Michael said, she firmly believed that his sudden change was all Isabella's doing.

If Isabella were gone, Michael would definitely go back to the way he was when they worked together in the company.

Looking at her with gentle, affectionate eyes.

So, as long as she got rid of Isabella, Michael would definitely come back to her.

She always believed that once Isabella was dead, the position of Mrs. Brown would be hers.

And Michael would be exclusively hers, Bianca's.

Thinking about that day coming, she felt a surge of excitement.

Hearing Bianca's delusional tone, Michael chuckled lightly, a hint of sarcasm in his eyes.

"Alright, I'll wait for that day."

He raised an eyebrow, watching Bianca leave.

As the car door closed, Michael's face darkened instantly. He instructed Aaron in the front, "Have someone keep an eye on her. See who she's been in frequent contact with lately."

"Yes, Mr. Brown!"

Aaron immediately took out his phone to arrange for surveillance of Bianca's every move.

As the car started, Michael thought of something and said, "You personally keep an eye on Glamour Oasis. See if there's anything to discover."

"Understood."

Hearing this, Aaron's eyes lit up.

He had been in the hospital for so long, he wondered if Renee had already forgotten about him.

Taking this opportunity to tease her wasn't a bad idea.

Using Michael's orders to secretly pursue Renee.

Was there anything more satisfying than that?

But he couldn't let Michael see through his little scheme.

If Michael saw through his true intentions, he might kick him out.

The next morning, Aaron appeared at Glamour Oasis.

He didn't go into the VIP room but sat on the sofa in the waiting area outside, drinking coffee brought by the receptionist, leisurely waiting for Renee to arrive.

When Renee arrived, she happened to be asked by a female customer, "Ms. Faith, didn't you say this place doesn't accept male clients? Why does this man look like a regular here?"

###chapter 304 Confession

The moment Renee saw Aaron, she was filled with hatred.

But with a client present, she couldn't just kick him out, so she found an excuse to cover up the situation.

"You misunderstood, this sir is here with his girlfriend. He didn't want to wait inside the room, so he came out for some fresh air. It's not what you think."

Hearing Renee's explanation, the female client took another look at Aaron sitting on the sofa.

Aaron was tall, with a slender and well-proportioned body, and a handsome face that looked no older than twenty-five or twenty-six. He was exactly the type of young and energetic man that wealthy women liked.

The more she looked, the more she liked him, and she couldn't help but say, "Having such a boyfriend is really lucky. He came so early to accompany his girlfriend for a beauty treatment. It's really enviable."

What?

Renee never expected her to take a liking to that jerk Aaron.

But she didn't want to say anything about him now, so she smiled and changed the subject, "Please come inside, we have prepared the VIP room for you."

"Okay, no rush today." The female client said, glancing in Aaron's direction.

At this moment, Aaron seemed to sense her interest. Not only did he not avoid her gaze, but he also smiled openly.

This made the female client's face turn red, and she was even more reluctant to leave.

Renee was so angry that she rolled her eyes.

Aaron must be doing this on purpose, right?

Finally, after Renee's repeated invitations, the female client reluctantly followed the receptionist inside.

As soon as she left, Renee went straight to Aaron, her face cold, and asked, "Mr. Hill, what do you mean by coming here early in the morning to disturb our beauty salon's business?"

She thought he wouldn't bother her again after the last incident.

But after just a few days, he was back.

"I didn't do anything. How did I disturb your business? Ms. Faith, you can't discriminate against me just because I'm a man, can you?"

Aaron spread his hands, looking innocent as he defended himself.

He really didn't do anything. How could she accuse him like this?

The receptionist, seeing them arguing, tried to ease the tension. After all, Aaron had been here many times before, and they could tell he was pursuing Renee.

Shouldn't she help him out?

"Ms. Faith, we can vouch for Mr. Hill. He really didn't do anything, just sat there waiting for you."

After saying that, the receptionist covered her mouth and giggled.

"You guys..." Renee was furious but couldn't explain her relationship with Aaron in front of the employees.

She decided to vent her anger on Aaron, "Come with me!"

Hearing that Renee wanted to talk to him alone, Aaron's eyes lit up, and he followed her.

As they passed the reception desk, he didn't forget to give the receptionist a grateful look.

Aaron didn't expect Renee to take him to her office.

The door was closed and locked behind her. Renee stood by the door, arms crossed, staring intently at Aaron.

"What do you want?"

Even someone as experienced as Aaron was a bit scared by her demeanor.

"What do you think I want? You came here early in the morning just to me, didn't you?"

Renee stepped closer to him, her expression becoming more mysterious.

Seeing Renee, whom he liked, getting closer, Aaron felt his heart pounding.

Was she going to force herself on him?

He wasn't ready for that. Wouldn't that be too fast?

But then he thought again, Renee wouldn't have such thoughts about him. She was probably tired of him investigating the beauty salon's background.

She probably called him to the office to avoid being seen arguing outside.

While Aaron was lost in thought, Renee was already in front of him, speaking clearly.

"Mr. Hill, I can tell you clearly that I don't have what you're looking for. So, can you please stop appearing in front of me?"

Aaron knew this was what she was thinking, but he saw it as an opportunity to express his feelings.

"Okay, I promise I won't bother you about this again."

Aaron said decisively.

Renee was stunned, "Are you serious?"

"Of course, but can you answer one question for me?" Aaron raised an eyebrow.

"What?"

Renee felt something was off about Aaron but couldn't pinpoint it.

Aaron swallowed nervously, looking at Renee, "If I came to you as a private individual, would you still reject me?"

Renee instantly understood what he meant.

She was speechless.

She knew Aaron wouldn't agree so easily.

"Yes!" Renee rejected him without hesitation, "No matter what identity you appear in front of me, you're not welcome. Understand?"

After saying that, Renee stepped back to open the door. She regretted calling him up.

But before she could touch the handle, Aaron grabbed her hand, nervously expressing his feelings. He was afraid if he didn't say it now, he wouldn't have another chance.

"Renee, I like you."

"I didn't come to see you because I was recovering in the hospital. I'm not impulsive. I don't know why, but whenever I close my eyes, I see you. I'm sure I like you."

Faced with such a sincere confession, Renee was stunned.

Aaron had indeed disappeared for several days. She thought Michael, who was behind him, had stopped monitoring the beauty salon.

She didn't expect it was because he was injured.

But even so, Aaron's confession was something she couldn't accept.

They were from different worlds and couldn't be together.

Why harm each other for a moment of pleasure?

Calming her emotions, Renee responded seriously, "Aaron, I didn't know you had these feelings. First, I appreciate your affection, but we're really not suitable."

From the first time she met him, she saw the desire for conquest in his eyes.

Every subsequent "encounter" showed the affection in his eyes.

But so what?

Behind him was Michael, and she was not just a beauty salon manager.

From their first meeting, it was destined that they would stand on opposite sides.

At this point, did it matter whether they like each other or not?

"Why are we not suitable?"

Seeing the coldness in Renee's eyes, Aaron's heart tightened, and he gripped her shoulders.

"Renee, don't reject me so quickly. How do you know we're not suitable if you haven't tried?"

###chapter 305 Memories of the Past

"I don't believe it, do you really have no feelings for me at all?"

Aaron couldn't bear to let her go just like that. He reached out and pulled her into his arms, whispering, "I know you have concerns, but I can solve them."

But he didn't expect that Renee had already seen through their relationship.

With one sentence, she shattered the impossibility of their feelings.

"Solve? How do you plan to solve it? Are you going to leave Michael and come with me, or do you want me to abandon everything and leave with you, ending up with nothing?"

Renee shook her head, "Aaron, you think too simply. Our relationship can only be that of enemies, opposites, and we can never be together."

Although she didn't deny that a man like Aaron did attract her, she understood how difficult it had been for her to get to where she was today.

She couldn't give up everything for love!

"I'll pretend that nothing happened today, and please don't bother me again, okay?"

Feeling Aaron's accelerated heartbeat, Renee pushed him away despite her discomfort.

She was never someone who would get entangled in self-doubt.

If she couldn't see a result, she wouldn't let herself get involved.

Aaron's arms were empty as Renee left him. He knew that what she said wasn't a lie but something she had seriously considered.

They both had their own careers and difficulties, and it wasn't realistic for either of them to give up for the other.

At that moment, Renee's phone rang.

It displayed an unknown number.

She assumed it was a client inquiring about a VIP card and quickly answered, "This is Renee, who is this?"

A charming woman's voice came from the phone, but her tone was condescending. It was Bianca, who had regained her freedom.

"I'm at a coffee shop downtown. Come pick me up immediately."

"And the house in the western suburbs has been exposed. I need a new place."

Renee had no choice but to comply. Bianca was close to that person, and Renee had to listen to her.

"Okay, I'll be right there."

Bianca responded coldly, "Hmm, and get me a new car while you're at it. It'll be more convenient for me to handle things myself."

Renee had no choice but to agree to Bianca's demands unconditionally.

Even if she was unwilling, she had to do it.

After hanging up, Renee was about to leave when she suddenly felt a sharp pain in her abdomen and almost fell to the ground. Fortunately, Aaron was there to catch her.

"Renee, what's wrong?"

Seeing Renee, who was fine a moment ago, suddenly turn pale, he became extremely worried.

He carefully helped her to the sofa and then asked, "Where do you feel uncomfortable? I'll take you to the hospital for a check-up."

"No need."

Before Aaron could finish speaking, Renee interrupted him, "I'm fine. Maybe I have low blood sugar because I skipped breakfast. I'll be fine after a while."

After saying this, she didn't forget to ask him to leave, "I have something to do later. You should go, and don't come here again."

Bianca was now unrestricted, and she could appear at Glamour Oasis at any time.

If Bianca found out that she was close to Aaron, it would be a disaster for both of them.

"No way, I can't leave you like this."

Aaron, having been Michael's assistant for many years, could easily tell it was a stomach problem, not low blood sugar.

But he didn't expect that she would make up just to get rid of him.

"Either I take you to the hospital now, or you tell me where the medicine is, and I'll watch you take it before I leave."

Aaron offered two solutions.

Renee, knowing she had to pick up Bianca and take her to the new place, had no choice but to choose the second option.

She pointed to her desk, "There's medicine in the first drawer. Just get it for me."

She had developed this stomach problem while studying abroad, and it had been like this for years due to irregular eating habits. She always kept some medicine with her just in case.

Aaron let go of her, quickly found the medicine, poured a glass of water, and watched her swallow the medicine.

"Is it enough? Now, please leave."

Renee urged him.

Bianca knew her weaknesses and treated her like a servant. She didn't know when Bianca would call again, and it wouldn't be good if she heard Aaron's voice.

"Renee, are we really..."

Aaron, having worked with Michael for several years, was good at reading people.

From the moment Renee answered the phone, she had changed and kept urging him to leave.

It was clear that the call from Bianca had made her cautious.

He couldn't ask about their relationship, but he didn't want his confession to end like this.

"I'll think about it."

Renee sighed helplessly. She knew that if she completely rejected him, Aaron's reaction would be unpredictable.

She had to take it slowly.

But she also knew that their relationship was like a ticking time bomb. She couldn't even guarantee her own safety, and agreeing to be with him would drag him into hell.

She was already in the mire and couldn't drag Aaron down with her.

Satisfied with her response, Aaron finally left.

Renee sighed, sat on the sofa for a while, then picked up her keys and left.

Two days later, at Whispering Pines Estates.

Isabella lay on the bed, quietly looking at the night outside the window, unable to sleep.

Tomorrow was the day Indigo and Harper would be executed.

She had been trying not to think about it, but now that the day had come, she couldn't help but be affected.

She couldn't deny that she hated him.

She hated Indigo for deceiving Grace, who he didn't love, for her family's wealth.

She hated him for cheating on Grace while she was pregnant and for causing her death for a share of the company, leaving her without a warm home overnight.

She hated him even more for bringing Harper and her daughter into the Taylor Family, doting on Bianca while ignoring her.

It made her feel like an unwanted orphan despite having a father.

The pain of childhood would take a lifetime to heal, and Indigo owed her that, but he never felt he was wrong.

Indigo was the kind of person she felt it was a waste of emotion to hate.

As for her mother, Grace, her memory of her was almost a blur, leaving only a thin shadow.

But the Wilson Family had many photos of her when she was young. She was elegant, intelligent, and beautiful, with the grace of a wealthy lady.

Sometimes, she couldn't understand how someone as wonderful as Grace could fall for a jerk like Indigo and have a child with him.

The more Isabella thought about it, the more she felt that Indigo deserved his fate.

When he did those things, he should have known this would be his end.

But what troubled her now was the small kindness Indigo had shown her in the past.

All the memories flashed through her mind. The more she wanted to forget, the more they came back to her at this moment.

###chapter 306 Facing Death

But Indigo forgot, she was also his daughter.

At this moment, a gentle knock on the door suddenly sounded from outside.

Cinda, worried about Isabella's emotions, had been keeping watch outside the door. Hearing the sighs coming from inside, she couldn't help but come in to check.

"Ms. Taylor, are you asleep? I warmed up a cup of milk for you."

Isabella knew Cinda was worried about her and said to the door, "Come in, Cinda."

Cinda came in, closed the door, and seeing Isabella already sitting up, asked considerately, "Ms. Taylor, are you having trouble sleeping? Do you want me to keep you company and chat for a while?"

Isabella nodded, "Sure, Cinda."

She was suffering from insomnia because of something on her mind.

She didn't know if it was because Indigo was going to be executed tomorrow, but her mind was filled with fragments of her childhood.

Some were good, some were bad.

But mostly, it was Indigo's face.

She had tried to convince herself that he had brought this upon himself, but the blood relationship made her feel guilty.

Especially since tomorrow was his execution day, her psychological pressure inexplicably increased.

So she had been thinking wildly for so long, unable to sleep peacefully, and her mind was becoming more and more alert.

"Ms. Taylor, I know you're troubled because of Indigo. After all, he is your biological father. It's normal for you to feel uncomfortable," Cinda softly comforted her.

Isabella felt distressed, "Cinda, do you also think I'm too cruel, sending my biological father Indigo to court and even having him sentenced to death?"

At this moment, she was confused.

On one side was Grace's wrongful death, on the other was Indigo's life.

Choosing to seek justice for Grace meant she was personally causing Indigo's death.

But if she favored Indigo, what about Grace's grievances over the past decade?

No matter what she chose, she would inevitably lose one side.

Only at night would Isabella show her vulnerable side. Seeing this, Cinda hugged her with heartache and gently patted her back.

"He brought this upon himself. How can it be your fault? Back then, he inhumanely harmed Grace for money. Now, he is receiving the punishment he deserves. It's not your fault."

Cinda's words were like a guiding light, pointing the way for the confused Isabella.

If she really had to choose, would she give up all the evidence she found at the last moment just to save Indigo's life?

Even if she wanted to, what about her uncles and the entire Wilson Family?

Grace was the young lady of the Wilson Family, the beloved sister of her uncles, and the treasure of her Grandpa. How could they forgive Indigo, the real murderer of their loved one?

She had oversimplified the matter.

Murder was a crime that couldnot be resolved just because she didn't pursue it.

She now seemed to understand the difficulty Atticus and Holden faced when they handed the choice to her.

"But Cinda, in the end, it was me who sent him to his doom."

"So what?" Cinda interrupted her, "They murdered Grace with a clear mind. The suffering you've endured all these years was caused by them. If Indigo hadn't harbored evil thoughts back then, you wouldn't have lost your Mom and a warm family."

"Now Indigo has to bear the consequences of his actions. This is his deserved punishment and has nothing to do with you. If you still feel sad for him, you're punishing yourself for his mistakes."

"Ms. Taylor, show your usual decisiveness and don't be sad for someone who doesn't deserve it."

Cinda's words were calm, but each one hit Isabella's heart.

That's right.

No matter what, she couldn't forgive Indigo and Harper on behalf of Grace. If she did, wouldn't Grace have suffered in vain?

She couldn't intervene in the grudges of the previous generation. All she could do was present the evidence she had, and as for the outcome, it was beyond her control.

Cinda, after all, was an elder, with more experience and a clearer perspective than Isabella.

Cinda stayed by her side, comforting her and chatting for a while. Isabella's distress was relieved, and her spirits improved significantly.

Pregnant women shouldn't stay up late. After watching Isabella drink the milk, Cinda tucked her in and left.

Early the next morning, Isabella received a call from the police station.

Indigo was to be executed today, and before the execution, he could see his family one last time.

Originally, the person Indigo most wanted to see was his favorite daughter, Bianca, but the one who came was Isabella.

Seeing Isabella, Indigo was furious and agitated.

He stood up and cursed, "Isabella, you're crazy. You sent me to court and now you want to watch me die, don't you? Do you even deserve to be called a human?"

Isabella had anticipated this scene.

But after all, they were blood relatives, and she still wanted to see him one last time.

If it weren't for Cinda's guidance last night, she might have been affected by Indigo's words.

But now, she had figured it out.

He had brought this upon himself, and he had no one to blame but himself.

"Indigo, if you hadn't cheated on my mother and conspired with Harper to kill her, how would I have become an unwanted orphan? You created all of this. What right do you have to blame me now?"

Isabella's words were cold, but thinking about the hardships and loneliness she endured in her childhood, she couldn't help but tear up.

Not long after Grace's death, Harper and her daughter moved in. They bullied and tormented her. At that time, she wished someone would protect her.

She wished Grace could come back to her.

But all of this was destroyed by Indigo.

Michael, who had rushed over, heard the argument inside and thought something had happened. He quickly came in and saw Isabella wiping her tears.

His heart seemed to twist in pain.

But he didn't know how to comfort her, so he could only stand outside the door, guarding her.

"If it weren't for the Wilson Family harming me, I would still be living well. This is all your fault. Who doesn't want to live a good life? What did I do wrong!"

Facing death, Indigo showed no remorse.

Instead, he blamed Isabella for investigating the past and getting him caught. He was her biological father, yet she was ruthless enough to have him executed.

Seeing Indigo's true nature, Isabella finally gave up.

Her long-hidden desire for family affection disappeared.

As Cinda said, she shouldn't be sad for someone who didn't deserve it.

Isabella quickly wiped away her tears and said calmly, "Didn't you want to see your daughter Bianca? Why, didn't she come to see you one last time?"

Indigo had always doted on Bianca, his love for her was never hidden.

But now, his most beloved Bianca didn't even show up.

Indigo's face gradually turned ugly.

###chapter 307 Give Michael to Bianca

Such an obvious reaction, Isabella didn't need to guess to know the answer.

Her feelings were complicated.

Was this the Bianca he cherished in his heart, the one he wanted to see even in his last moments?

Isabella shook her head; her last hope for Indigo was shattered.

She just wanted to leave now.

Just as she turned around.

"Isabella, it's my fault, it's all my fault."

Indigo suddenly lowered his stance and began to beg her bitterly.

As Isabella stopped in her tracks, she heard the second half of the sentence that made her sneer.

"If I die, Bianca is your only family in this world. No matter what, Bianca is your sister, you can't just ignore her."

"Bianca is young and naive. Without someone to look after her, how will she live in the future?"

At this point, Indigo's heart ached, and he shed tears.

He even forgot that Isabella and Bianca were only a few months apart in age.

But in his heart, Bianca was always the pampered princess, while Isabella was someone who could survive without anyone's care.

Indigo's words felt like a knife stabbing into Isabella's heart.

But at this moment, Isabella no longer cared.

She had her Grandpa Daniel, she had her uncles, the Taylor Family was no longer her home.

She looked at Indigo and said, "As long as Bianca doesn't cause trouble in the future, I can let her go."

This was their last meeting, and there was no need to argue with him over this request.

But that was the most she could do.

She couldn't guarantee anything more.

Indigo naturally heard Isabella's concession, but he wanted more than just a word; he wanted to arrange everything for Bianca.

"Isabella, you know that Bianca has always liked Michael."

As he spoke, Indigo glanced at Michael, who was standing outside the door, and lowered his voice so only Isabella could hear.

"If you could give him to Bianca, she wouldn't bother you anymore. You're her sister, you've let her have her way for so many years, one more time won't hurt."

Indigo's words were like a bucket of cold water poured over Isabella's head.

What did he mean by "one more time won't hurt"?

Was she that cheap?

If Bianca and Michael liked each other, they could get back together without her interference; she wouldn't oppose it.

But now, Indigo was asking her to give up Michael and push him to Bianca to make her happy.

At this point, there was nothing more to discuss.

Isabella sneered, "Instead of persuading me to give up, why not let Bianca fight for it herself and leave the rest to fate."

Sacrificing herself for Bianca? Was she a fool?

She had thought Indigo was just worried about Bianca before he died, but his words made her realize she had underestimated his greed.

She didn't listen to what Indigo shouted next and walked straight out.

At that moment, the door opened, and Michael appeared in front of her.

Seeing Michael suddenly standing in front of her, Isabella was stunned and blurted out, "What are you doing here?"

Michael spoke calmly, "I've been here for a while. I didn't want to disturb you."

"Let's go, the air here isn't fresh."

Michael reached out his hand to take her away.

He had seen her sadness just now; she shouldn't have come to this place.

"Okay."

Isabella nodded slightly, not placing her hand in his but instead linking her arm with his.

As they were about to leave, Indigo suddenly shouted at Michael.

"Michael, I know you actually like Bianca. I beg you, can you take good care of her after I die? I really can't rest easy."

Isabella showed no expression, but Michael's face changed.

He had only seen Isabella rubbing her eyes from outside the door and hadn't heard what was said inside.

But now he seemed to understand why Isabella was so sad.

Both were his daughters, yet Indigo asked Michael to take care of Bianca in front of Isabella?

No wonder Bianca clung to him so persistently; it was all because of Indigo's manipulative tactics.

Since that was the case, he wouldn't hold back.

"Isabella, wait for me outside. I'll go in and say a few words, it won't take long."

Michael gently patted her hand, sent her to the door, and then returned inside.

But in Isabella's eyes, this scene looked like Michael cared about Bianca and went back to make promises to Indigo.

However, it had nothing to do with her anymore, and she didn't bother to ask.

What Isabella didn't know was that the first thing Michael said to Indigo after going back inside was, "Mr. Taylor, rest assured, I will take good care of Isabella."

"No, no." Indigo shook his head urgently, "I'm asking you to take care of Bianca, not Isabella. As for Isabella, with the Wilson Family, she won't lack anything. I'm not worried about her."

"But Bianca is different. She only had Harper and me to protect her since she was young. After today, we won't be here anymore. How sad and scared she will be. Michael, I know you like our Bianca. Why don't you divorce Isabella and marry Bianca into the Brown Family? Then I can rest easy."

Indigo's earnest plea didn't seem like a joke at all.

Michael found it unbelievable, even absurd!

Was Indigo really Isabella's father?

How could Indigo, as Isabella's father, treat his two daughters so differently?

Did he think that a dying request would be unconditionally agreed to?

Ridiculous.

"Give it up. I will not divorce Isabella!"

Michael said firmly. Isabella was his wife, the woman he loved deeply, and the mother of his child. How could he push her away?

And he certainly wouldn't divorce her for Bianca, whom he didn't love.

Indigo's face stiffened, thinking Michael was joking, and continued to show his pitiful state to gain sympathy.

"Michael, I'm begging you, okay? Bianca only has you in her heart. She has only been with you all these years. If you don't marry her, how will she live the rest of her life? Even if Harper and I die, we won't be at peace."

Such blatant emotional manipulation to force him to act was something Michael had never seen before.

He narrowed his deep eyes and spoke coldly.

"What happens to you has nothing to do with me. The one I love is Isabella, not Bianca. Besides, Isabella is already carrying my child. I'm not like you; I can't abandon my wife and child."

With that, Michael turned and left.

He feared that if he stayed any longer, he wouldn't be able to restrain himself.

If it weren't for Bianca saving his life once, he wouldn't even look at her, let alone marry her out of gratitude.

The one he wanted had always been Isabella.

###chapter 308 Gathering Information

On the other side, Isabella, who had walked out of the main gate, was about to get into a car and leave when she ran into Aaron, who had come to pick up Michael.

"Mrs. Brown, where is Mr. Brown? Isn't he with you?"

Aaron glanced behind Isabella, remembering that Michael had come specifically for her.

Why wasn't he here now?

Isabella pointed behind her. "He's still inside talking. You can wait for him here."

With that, she walked in another direction.

Seeing this, Aaron quickly caught up and blocked Isabella's path, smiling.

"Mrs. Brown, if you're not in a hurry, why not wait for Mr. Brown? He has something to say to you and will be out soon."

Michael was really something. He had come to Isabella, yet she was about to leave, and he still hadn't come out.

He knew Indigo was inside.

But Michael had always had a bad relationship with the Taylor Family, so why was he talking so much now?

Isabella understood Indigo's intentions.

He had just tried to get her to take on the responsibility of caring for Bianca, which she had refused. Now that he saw Michael, he naturally wouldn't let him go easily.

A hint of sarcasm flashed in her eyes. "I won't wait. They probably have a lot to talk about. I have a beauty appointment and don't want to waste time here."

A beauty appointment?

Aaron's eyes flashed, and he asked instinctively, "Mrs. Brown, are you going to Glamour Oasis?"

"Yes."

Isabella didn't hide it from Aaron. She was going there to investigate what was really behind the store and what the relationship between Bianca and them was.

But Aaron broke into a cold sweat because of this.

"Mrs. Brown, didn't Mr. Brown disagree with you going there and ask you to go somewhere else for beauty treatments?" He took the opportunity to ask.

He still hadn't figured out the real situation at Glamour Oasis, and Isabella going there now was undoubtedly dangerous.

Moreover, he couldn't fathom Renee's true intentions, but she had a close relationship with Bianca and even listened to her.

If Bianca wanted to harm Isabella, he wouldn't be able to prevent it.

"If he disagrees, does that mean I can't go? What right does he have to control me?"

Isabella threw out this sentence and got into the car, driving away.

She was well aware of how dangerous Glamour Oasis was.

But she had to go personally.

The explosion at Elysian Bridge had happened so suddenly and caused such a tragic outcome that even the police were still handling it.

Logically, such a major case wouldn't require her involvement; the police would find out the truth.

But according to Atticus and Holden's speculation, this case was undoubtedly targeted at her.

The person who bought her information on the black market, Tenley, had appeared at Glamour Oasis, making her suspect that the person who bought her personal information was Harper and her daughter.

With this in mind, it was highly likely that they were the ones who planned the explosion to frame her.

What Isabella couldn't understand was how Harper and her daughter had the financial resources to plan such a huge conspiracy.

But if they had the financial support of Glamour Oasis, it wasn't impossible.

After all, every customer willing to get a VIP card there was spending hundreds of thousands of dollars.

So, to get closer to the truth, she had to go and check it out herself.

The car soon arrived outside Glamour Oasis. Isabella didn't get out immediately but called her bodyguard.

"How's it going?"

"Ms. Taylor, the personnel have been arranged, but Mr. Wilson is worried about you acting alone. If necessary, should I get a female bodyguard to accompany you?" The bodyguard said with difficulty.

On one side was Atticus, who managed the entire Wilson Family, and on the other was Isabella, who was adored by the Wilson Family.

They were really in a tough spot.

"No bother. I can handle it."

Isabella knew Atticus was worried about her safety, but it was less suspicious for her to go in alone.

Besides, she still had the VIP card she got last time.

As long as she wasn't too obvious, it wouldn't attract much attention.

After saying this, Isabella pushed the door open and walked into the beauty salon.

"Welcome! Miss!"

The receptionist greeted her respectfully, but they were all new faces. The fan Isabella had met the first time wasn't there today.

Isabella handed over her card.

After verifying the information, the receptionist immediately came out to lead Isabella to the VIP room. "Ms. Taylor, please follow me."

"Okay."

Isabella nodded and followed her inside.

On the way, the receptionist took the opportunity to promote the store's package deals. "Ms. Taylor, we have a promotion going on. Would you like to add a skincare gift box? The products are healthy and have no side effects, perfect for your special condition as a pregnant woman."

The receptionist kept talking, but Isabella didn't listen at all.

Instead, she was observing the layout of the corridor.

Just as they were about to turn a corner, a familiar figure appeared before her.

Seeing Isabella's noticeably pregnant belly, Renee was momentarily stunned but quickly recognized her.

"Ms. Taylor, it's been a while since you last came."

As Renee sized up Isabella, Isabella was also sizing up Renee, a fleeting emotion in her eyes, and a faint smile on her lips.

"Yes, it's been a while."

Renee glanced at Isabella's belly and instructed the receptionist, "I'll personally handle Ms. Taylor's beauty treatment. You can go attend to other matters."

"Yes, Ms. Faith."

The receptionist nodded and left.

"Ms. Taylor, please follow me." Renee personally led Isabella into a VIP room.

Worried that Isabella's belly might get bumped, Renee personally helped her lie down on the bed. Just as she was about to put on gloves to help Isabella with the cleansing, a voice stopped her.

"Ms. Faith, aren't you going to ask me what beauty treatments I want? After all, I'm pregnant, and many skincare products can't be directly applied to my face."

Lying on the bed, Isabella calmly questioned Renee.

Renee smiled lightly, her hands not stopping, but her tone became more relaxed.

"Ms. Taylor, you're amusing. If you didn't trust my abilities, you wouldn't have followed me in just now, right?"

Bianca saw Isabella as an enemy. How could Renee not know Isabella's purpose for coming here?

Moreover, with Aaron watching this place all the time without any useful information, she could guess that Isabella had run out of patience and come herself.

However, she admired Isabella's courage since she was pregnant.

Isabella raised an eyebrow and looked up. "So, Ms. Faith, you're saying you can guarantee the safety of me and my child, which is why you're personally doing it?"

Isabella's words were loaded, but she believed this smart Renee would understand.

She had a feeling that Renee wasn't that bad.

###chapter 309 Favorite Flower

Even though Renee and Bianca had an extremely close relationship, Isabella still felt that Renee and Bianca were not the same kind of people.

Renee paused her actions for a moment and quickly responded.

"Ms. Taylor, rest assured, my professional skills do not allow me to make such mistakes. Both you and the baby are safe."

Receiving the desired response, Isabella smiled slightly, "Ms. Faith, since you've said so, I trust you 100%."

"Then please close your eyes, Ms. Taylor. I need to start the cleaning preparations."

Renee smiled.

Everything between the two was understood without words.

The skincare session lasted about half an hour. When Isabella got up, the skin on her face was no longer tight.

Even her scalp felt relaxed, thanks to Renee's massage.

Isabella put on her coat and shoes, washed her hands in the sink, and was about to grab a paper towel when Renee stopped her.

"Wait a moment."

Renee took a handkerchief from her pocket and handed it to her, "Use this. Pregnant women should be more careful."

Isabella was momentarily stunned but didn't think much of it, just considering it a thoughtful gesture from Renee.

As she was about to leave, she noticed that Renee, who had been fine just a moment ago, was now clearly distracted.

She didn't even respond to her goodbye.

"Ms. Faith, what's wrong?"

Isabella asked with concern. With Renee's professional demeanor, it was impossible for her to make such a mistake before the client had left.

"Nothing."

Renee quickly replied but then bit her lip and looked at her seriously.

"Ms. Taylor, may I ask you a question?"

"Go ahead."

Renee took a deep breath, as if making a big decision, "If you had to harm an innocent person, what would you choose?"

Isabella raised an eyebrow, "It depends on."

She had a feeling that Renee was seeking her help.

"If she doesn't harm this person, then someone will harm her family, and she has no way to fight back," Renee said.

Her tone was heavy, not like she was joking.

Isabella frowned. She hadn't expected Renee to be carrying such a heavy burden. No wonder she had hidden her identity for so long.

"If it were me, I would find a way to stay away from those who would harm my family. Different pursuits mean we can't work together. It's best to cut losses before getting too deep."

"Of course, this is just my suggestion. I hope it helps."

Isabella could tell that Renee was wavering, but when it came to her family, the final decision had to be hers.

Moreover, their positions were different, and she could only say so much.

The rest was up to Renee.

"Thank you, Ms. Taylor. I won't see you out."

There were many spies outside, and their conversation could only be held here. Once outside, they would be just a client and a beautician.

"Alright, and thank you for the handkerchief. It's beautiful."

Renee smiled meaningfully, "Consider it a small gift for you, Ms. Taylor. I hope you don't mind."

"Of course not, I like it very much."

Isabella sat back in the car, thinking about what Renee had just said.

Her gaze involuntarily fell on the blue handkerchief in her hand.

Renee said it was a "gift." Could it have some other meaning?

Isabella picked it up and examined it carefully. Apart from a delicate flower pattern in the upper left corner, there was nothing special about it.

She rubbed the fabric of the handkerchief. It was cotton, with no unusual features.

Isabella shook her head, thinking she was overthinking it, and held the handkerchief in her hand, instructing the bodyguard to drive away.

Shortly after the car left, in the director's office on the second floor, Renee sent a message to Aaron: [Are you near the beauty salon?]

Aaron had rushed over when he learned Isabella was going to Glamour Oasis, without even reporting to Michael.

But if he went to Isabella now, she would definitely notice.

And he believed Renee wouldn't do anything dangerous to Isabella, so he hid in a concealed spot outside.

Just as he was about to follow Isabella's car, he received a message from Renee.

Aaron was thrilled.

Not only was he impressed by her intelligence, but also by their mutual understanding. How did she know he was thinking of her?

Just as he was about to reply, Renee sent a second message.

Renee: [Do you remember what my favorite flower is?]

How could Aaron not know?

He immediately replied: [Lily of the Valley.]

Her office always had a few pots of Lily of the Valley.

He had looked it up online. Lily of the Valley was difficult to care for, requiring patience and skill, but every time he visited her office, the flowers were well taken care of.

She wouldn't even let anyone else water them.

He thought his answer would earn him some praise from Renee, but she went silent.

Aaron couldn't figure it out, so he had his subordinate drive and follow Isabella, ensuring she returned to the Whispering Pines Estates safely.

However, just as Aaron put his phone away, the car suddenly braked, almost causing him to hit the front seat.

He was furious, "What's wrong with you? I told you to follow Mrs. Brown. Why did you brake?"

The subordinate quickly explained, "Mr. Hill, Mrs. Brown changed her route. She's not heading back to the Whispering Pines Estates. Do you think she noticed us?"

Before he could finish, Aaron saw Isabella's car parked by the roadside, as if waiting for him to confess his guilt.

Aaron sighed, knowing he had been caught, and got out of the car.

He awkwardly called out to the car window, "Mrs. Brown."

There was no choice. He had been careless and got caught following Isabella.

The window of Isabella's car slowly rolled down, and she wasn't surprised to see Aaron's face. She knew Michael too well.

With his child in her belly, there was no way he would let her make any mistakes.

However, he seemed to forget that she didn't like being watched.

"Mr. Hill, you're quite versatile. Why not switch to the Wilson Group? I'll double your salary. How about that?"

Isabella looked at him with a meaningful gaze, her eyes so scrutinizing that he couldn't meet them.

Aaron broke into a cold sweat, "Mrs. Brown, please don't joke with me. I'm just an employee. I follow Mr. Brown's orders."

He was sure that if he joined the Wilson Group, Michael would hunt him down immediately!

One was Michael, and the other was Michael's wife, Isabella.

He couldn't afford to offend either of them.

"Really? Then tell Michael that I know my way home. I don't need you to follow me. Got it, Mr. Hill?"

"Got it!"

Aaron nodded seriously, but his mind was racing, thinking of how to contact Michael during this time.

At that moment, he was suddenly drawn to the light blue handkerchief in Isabella's hand.

###chapter 310 Hardship Fee

That familiar color, he seemed to have seen it somewhere before.

"Mrs. Brown, where did you get this handkerchief?"

He had been with Michael for many years and was somewhat familiar with Isabella's habits. She didn't like these intricate things.

Isabella didn't know why Aaron suddenly noticed the handkerchief in her hand. Seeing his serious expression, she handed it to him.

"It's from Ms. Faith, why?"

"Renee?"

Aaron was now more certain of the handkerchief's origin.

No wonder it looked so familiar; it belonged to Renee.

Aaron picked up the handkerchief and looked at it. An embroidered pattern in the upper left corner came into view.

It was a delicate little lily of the valley.

Two messages from Renee flashed through his mind.

[Do you remember what my favorite flower is?]

[Lily of the valley.]

And now, a handkerchief with a lily of the valley pattern was in Isabella's hand.

What was Renee trying to convey?

Aaron furrowed his brow, and a sudden alarming thought occurred to him.

Renee was trying to tell him that the next target of the person behind her was Isabella!

Only she and he would understand this code.

Anyone else wouldn't know what it meant.

Thinking of this, Aaron's expression suddenly became serious. He said to Isabella, "Mrs. Brown, Mr. Brown said your safety is more important than anything else. Please let me follow you, I beg you."

Isabella didn't know what Aaron was thinking, but she didn't believe Michael would care so much about her.

"He would worry about me? What Michael really cares about is the baby in my belly, right?"

Isabella snorted coldly, but she vaguely felt that Aaron seemed to have noticed something, though he didn't explain much.

"Mr. Brown is concerned about both you and the baby." Aaron included both Isabella and the baby without bias. "And here's your handkerchief back."

Isabella took it and, hearing Aaron's words, felt more comfortable. She didn't want to make things difficult for him and nodded, "Just this once!"

"Thank you for your understanding, Mrs. Brown."

Isabella rolled up the car window, and the car quickly returned to the main road, heading towards Whispering Pines Estates.

Aaron got back into his car and quickly followed.

With Isabella's permission, Aaron's car was no longer sneaking several cars behind. This time, it was right behind Isabella's car, watching her safely enter the villa area.

Aaron's car couldn't go in, so he parked by the roadside and quickly called Michael.

"Mr. Brown, I have something important to report. Mrs. Brown is being watched, and the next target is her. Mrs. Brown is in extreme danger."

Michael's voice was deep and powerful, "For sure?"

Aaron nodded, "Absolutely."

Michael paused for a moment and suddenly asked, "Did Renee tell you this?"

Aaron was stunned, but he had no secrets in front of Michael, so he confessed, "Yes, she gave Mrs. Brown a handkerchief to convey a code."

"A code?"

Michael could hear the ambiguity in Aaron's words. "Aaron, what is your relationship with Renee now?"

He wasn't nosy about his employees' personal lives, but Renee's identity was too sensitive.

Who knew if Renee was using Aaron?

He had to press.

Aaron could hear Michael's suspicion, but he dared to stake his life on it. Renee was absolutely trustworthy.

Otherwise, she wouldn't risk protecting Isabella at this time.

"Mr. Brown, I vouch for Renee with my character. She would never harm Mrs. Brown. She took this risk for Mrs. Brown's safety."

During this time, he had been keeping an eye on Glamour Oasis and had thoroughly understood Renee in every aspect.

He admitted that at first, he was prejudiced against her, even thinking of Renee as a ruthless woman like Bianca.

But the more time he spent with her, the more he realized that Renee was an independent woman with her own thoughts. She didn't like going out and spent her free time either doing research or taking care of plants.

Renee, such a quiet and beautiful person, could never do anything harmful.

But what he couldn't understand was that although Renee clearly had feelings for him, she was ruthless when rejecting him, using sharp words without any consideration.

Even now, he didn't dare to call her his girlfriend in front of others, fearing she would get angry if she found out.

Meanwhile, Michael hung up Aaron's call and carefully reviewed the matter.

It wasn't that he didn't trust Aaron, but he needed to think this through.

If what Renee said was true, Isabella was already in the enemy's sights.

But the Wilson Family's defense around Isabella was extremely tight. Even if they wanted to make a move, it wouldn't be in the villa.

Unless...

Michael furrowed his brow and suddenly thought of the explosion at Elysian Bridge.

The enemy had taken advantage of Isabella's vulnerability while she was out.

At this time, Isabella was pregnant and had to go to the hospital for check-ups almost every month. If the people behind this were watching, wouldn't they seize the opportunity?

No!

He couldn't leave Isabella in such a dangerous environment.

The next second, he called Isabella.

At this moment, Isabella had just arrived home, changed into her loungewear, and was eating the nutritious lunch Cinda had specially prepared for her. When she saw Michael's number flashing on her phone, her good appetite instantly disappeared.

Wasn't he supposed to follow Indigo's advice and take care of Bianca for the rest of his life? Why was he calling her?

Without thinking, Isabella hung up.

But she seemed to have underestimated Michael's patience.

She hung up once, and he called again.

Until she couldn't bear it anymore and had to answer his call, "Michael, are you being childish? What do you want?"

Isabella's voice was filled with anger, and Michael found it amusing.

Because Isabella was always so calm in front of him. No matter how big the issue, she wouldn't change her expression.

Why was she so cute today?

He chuckled, "Isabella, isn't it time for your prenatal check-up?"

Isabella was stunned. How did he know?

Could it be that Michael's paternal instincts had awakened, and he suddenly wanted to see the baby's growth?

"Michael, why are you asking?"

The next second, Isabella got her answer.

"I'm the baby's father. Even if we signed an agreement, you can't stop me from accompanying the baby for check-ups, right?"

"Besides, the agreement doesn't say that. As the father, I want to see the baby's health. Is that not allowed?"

"No!"

Isabella refused without thinking, rolling her eyes inwardly.

"Michael, stop playing games with me. I told you, this baby is mine alone in the future. It has nothing to do with you. Besides, I already paid your 'hardship fee' at that time!"

###chapter 311 Aiden's Request

Back then, in order to get Michael to agree to sign the childbearing agreement, she had transferred all the shares of the Brown Group that Aiden had given her to Michael.

It was also a way to sever her last ties with the Brown Family and Michael.

How could he now want to bring this matter up again and still want to be involved with the child? It was simply wishful thinking.

"Hardship fee?"

This almost made Michael lose his temper.

What did she take him for? A gigolo?

But Isabella didn't think she said anything wrong, "Yeah, I just used one of your sperm, and you got the shares of the Brown Family. Do the math, you won a lot!"

On the contrary, she suffered a loss, being taken advantage of by Michael multiple times.

Michael couldn't help but chuckle. He really wanted to know what was in Isabella's head, how she had become cuter than before.

He had no intention of compromising just like that.

"Since you know how this child came to be, you should be clear that I lost more than just one sperm. Shouldn't the rest also require 'compensation'?"

Michael spoke as if it was a matter of course, even hinting that he wanted more compensation.

"What, what do you mean by this, extortion?" Isabella snorted angrily, "Michael, don't think I don't know basic biology. Your stuff isn't some treasure. It wouldn't survive a week even if you don't use it, so stop talking nonsense and mess with me."

Did he really think she knew nothing and dared to say anything?

There wasn't a single word from Michael's mouth that she could trust.

Fortunately, she had set up this childbearing agreement back then, otherwise, she wouldn't be able to clear things up with him.

Michael's tone was light, as if she couldn't do anything to him.

"Nonsense? Since you mentioned the 'hardship fee,' shouldn't I properly settle the account with you? After all, my 'efforts' were not just once."

They'd spent several passionate nights together.

He didn't believe Isabella could forget.

"Michael!" Isabella, after all, was not as shameless as him. She blushed and shouted angrily into the phone, "Why this call? Get the point!"

If he kept talking like this, she would be infuriated.

Michael was doing it on purpose. She wouldn't fall for his tricks.

"You said it." Michael was waiting for this sentence, afraid she would regret it, he blurted out.

"I want to be there for every check-up of the child from now on."

Ever since the explosion incident, he had secretly vowed never to let Isabella be in any danger again.

No matter what happened, he would protect her and stay by her side.

If the people behind Renee targeted Isabella, they were very likely to make a move in the hospital.

There was a large flow of people there, and Isabella would enter the room alone during the check-up.

He wasn't at ease, accompanying her was the best way.

"I don't need you, and neither does the baby."

Isabella refused decisively.

She had gone to every prenatal check-up alone before, sometimes with Cinda accompanying her.

To be honest, it made no difference whether Michael was there or not.

Moreover, this baby was hers alone. His sudden request to be involved had too strong a purpose, and she didn't want to have endless entanglements with him in the future.

"Michael, if you have other intentions, I can seriously tell you that the baby has nothing to do with you in the future. The baby's future will be with me and the Wilson Family. Do not think about taking it away."

The baby was the only hope for the Wilson Family and Daniel. She would never hand the baby over to Michael.

Since he had promised Indigo to take care of Bianca, and they were about to divorce soon.

They would soon have nothing to do with each other, so how could she possibly hand her child over to him?

Michael was simply dreaming.

Michael only felt confused by her words.

He wondered if Isabella had misunderstood him somewhere or if he had said something wrong.

When did he ever say he wanted to take the child from her?

Not only was the child hers, but he was also hers, if she wanted him.

He now wished he could package himself and present himself to her, letting her beat and scold him, as long as she didn't mention divorce again.

But given the current situation, Isabella only had deep defenses against him, with no affection at all.

If he really showed up, it would only scare her.

She might even think he was there to take the child from her.

The most important thing now was to make Isabella let down her guard against him.

"Isabella, I just want to tell you, I didn't call to take the child from you," Michael said seriously.

Coupled with his deep, magnetic voice, it strangely calmed Isabella's tense nerves.

Although she didn't fully believe him, she wasn't as tense anymore, "Then why did you..."

"Do you think the Brown Family is just me? Ever since Grandpa caught me that time, he's been watching me on the phone every day, telling me to come see you and the child every day, and to perform well in front of you, hoping to bring you back to the Brown Family."

"Moreover, this is his first great-grandchild, he values it very much. If I don't attend every check-up, he will kill me."

Michael had no choice but to bring up Aiden.

Isabella could refuse him, but she wouldn't refuse Aiden's request, who had always been kind to her.

Isabella's eyes dimmed, and her previously furious emotions suddenly fell empty.

So it was Aiden's idea.

No wonder Michael suddenly wanted to accompany her to the check-up, she thought...

But he was Michael. If he didn't want to, even Aiden couldn't do anything about it. Did he really have no other intentions?

"Michael, are you really not lying to me?"

"Why would I lie to you? I'm not idle."

Michael's tone slightly intensified, and he cleared his throat.

"If it weren't for Grandpa nagging me on the phone every day, I wouldn't have called to tell you this. The company is already keeping me busy enough."

He knew Isabella too well.

If he had directly asked to accompany her to the check-up, she would definitely refuse.

But if he said it was Aiden's request and it was about Aiden's concern for her, she wouldn't refuse so decisively.

Outwardly tough but inwardly soft, that was her.

Plus, she felt guilty towards Aiden, making it even harder for her to refuse.

"Since it's Grandpa Aiden's request, I agree."

Isabella's voice was faint, but every word Michael said felt like a knife piercing the deepest part of her heart.

Knowing he wouldn't accompany her for the child's sake, but when he revealed the real reason, she couldn't help but feel heartache.

Not wanting Michael to notice her emotions, she quickly mentioned the time for the next check-up and hung up the phone swiftly.

###chapter 312 Rebellion

Isabella just finished a call with Michael when Atticus called.

"Isabella, when is your next prenatal check-up?"

Atticus's voice sounded urgent, as if something had happened.

Isabella was puzzled. Michael had just called her about the prenatal check-up, and now Atticus was asking the same question. What was going on?

But Isabella never hid anything from Atticus. "It's in the next few days. I've already made an appointment with the hospital. It's just a simple check-up."

Isabella didn't mention Michael. Atticus had always been hostile towards him, and it wouldn't be good if they ran into each other and started a fight.

After all, the last time Atticus and Holden ended up beating him up. She needed to be careful.

"If it's nothing serious, let the doctor come to the house for the check-up. You won't have to go through the trouble then."

Mainly, it would also put his mind at ease.

They had just received news that someone was planning to harm Isabella.

No matter what, Isabella and the baby couldn't be put in danger. He would protect her at all costs.

Isabella wasn't clueless. Atticus's sudden vigilance indicated that something was wrong.

"Uncle Atticus, what's going on?"

Going to the hospital for a prenatal check-up wasn't a small matter. The checks that could be done at home were limited. So the normal Atticus wouldn't have said that.

As she expected, Atticus was silent for a moment on the other end of the line.

Then he told her the truth. "Isabella, Holden found out that someone is still tracking your movements. Someone has offered a high price for information about your trip to the hospital for a check-up."

"This is too dangerous for you. I don't feel comfortable with you going to the hospital, so let's do the check-ups at home for now. I'll get whatever you need."

There were too many people at the hospital, and the bodyguards couldn't be by Isabella's side all the time.

Atticus couldn't risk Isabella's safety.

The baby was still small, and he cared more about Isabella's safety.

If buying some equipment could solve the problem of the check-up, it wouldn't be a problem for him at all.

"Uncle Atticus, this is too much trouble. The equipment for the check-up isn't something you can just buy easily. Besides, I'm only doing a few periodic check-ups. It won't take long."

"Plus, you and Uncle Holden have already sent so many people to protect me. I'm just going out for a bit; nothing will happen."

Isabella still wanted to go to the hospital for the check-up herself. Not only were there experienced doctors there, but she had also promised Michael that she would agree to let him accompany her to the hospital for the check-up.

If she suddenly changed her mind, she was worried he would come straight to her!

And as her belly grew bigger, the opportunities to be with Michael would become fewer. She knew they would eventually divorce, so she cherished the time they had now.

"Isabella, I'm serious. If they can find out which hospital you're going to for the check-up, it means they might have already set up an ambush and are just waiting for you to show up. I can't let you fall into the trap..."

Before Atticus could finish, Isabella interrupted him. "Uncle Atticus, I forgot to tell you, Michael will be there too."

She hadn't wanted to mention this.

But now she had no choice.

Michael's influence was no less than the Wilson Family's, so if he accompanied her, Atticus might feel more at ease.

This way, she wouldn't have to explain to Michael why she couldn't go to the hospital.

Sure enough, Atticus fell silent on the other end of the line.

Michael again!

Atticus knew exactly what that bastard Michael was thinking.

But Isabella was so infatuated with him that they hadn't divorced yet. In the end, both of them were waiting for an opportunity.

Thinking back to Michael's genuine concern during the explosion incident, Atticus had to give in.

It was clear that Michael had feelings for Isabella. If it weren't for that, he wouldn't have allowed Michael to get close to Isabella again.

And as the father of the baby in Isabella's belly, Michael was the most suitable person to accompany her into the examination room. With him there, it was indeed the safest.

Not only did the baby need Michael, but Isabella also needed her husband's companionship during this special time.

He sighed and agreed, "Alright, take more people with you when you go. If anything feels off, leave immediately."

He would also add more people around the hospital to ensure Isabella's safety.

With the Wilson Family's background and influence in Evergreen City, if it came to a confrontation, he bet those people wouldn't dare to face them head-on.

"Okay, I know. Don't worry."

Isabella felt warm inside. She said a few more words to Atticus before hanging up the phone.

The next day, at Glamour Oasis.

Renee suddenly received a call. "I've sent you Isabella's itinerary. She will be at the hospital's obstetrics department the day after tomorrow at noon. You know what to do, right?"

The call was from Bianca, but hearing the content, Renee couldn't help but grip her phone tightly.

She had guessed they would target Isabella, but she didn't expect it to happen so quickly.

Renee took a deep breath, not letting Bianca sense anything amiss. "Yes, I understand. I'll arrange for people to get in."

"Good, don't disappoint me!"

Bianca snorted coldly, sounding both like a warning and a threat.

Renee didn't respond, just replied indifferently, "Got it," and hung up the phone.

Ever since Bianca regained her freedom, Renee had guessed she wouldn't let Isabella go. After the explosion incident, she feared Bianca would become more ruthless each time.

But that didn't mean Renee was willing to be a tool in Bianca's hands to harm innocent people.

That's why Renee had said those things to Isabella and given her the handkerchief, letting Aaron convey her true feelings.

But why was Isabella still going to the hospital? Could it be that Aaron didn't tell Isabella about this?

Impossible, he had already figured it out!

Where did things go wrong?

She had originally planned to find Aaron and ask him indirectly, but for some reason, Aaron hadn't shown up all day.

It was as if he had disappeared from her sight.

Renee couldn't help but feel anxious.

She walked to her desk, took out a small, delicate USB drive, and rubbed it in her hand.

Inside it contained evidence of her resistance against that person.

It was her last resort.

She couldn't take it out unless absolutely necessary.

For now, her priority was to save Isabella.

She couldn't intervene in major incidents like the one at Elysian Bridge, nor could she stop them.

But this time, she didn't want innocent people to get involved, and she didn't want her hands stained with blood. She couldn't bring herself to harm others.

###chapter 313 Too Coincidental

Thinking of this, Renee sent a message to Aaron: [Where are you? My stomach feels uncomfortable.]

The moment Aaron saw the text, his mood was like a roller coaster; he could hardly believe Renee was acting coy with him.

Did this mean she actually has some feelings for him? At least, when she felt unwell, the first person she thought of was him.

Aaron's heart started racing.

After finishing his work, he hurriedly drove to Glamour Oasis.

Soon it was the day of the prenatal checkup, and Isabella and Michael appeared outside the hospital together.

When getting out of the car, Michael instinctively wanted to help her, but Isabella skillfully avoided him and walked alone towards the obstetrics and gynecology department.

Michael didn't know what she was upset about this time, but since she was pregnant, he wouldn't get angry no matter what.

He just wanted to stay by her side and comfort her.

In the consultation room, Isabella sat down and answered some basic questions. The doctor then gave her a form to go for basic tests to check the fetus's development.

In the examination room, the nurses had already prepared everything.

Usually, expectant fathers had to wait outside, but given the Brown Family's immense influence, who in Evergreen City would dare to provoke him?

Moreover, the bodyguards following Isabella were guarding the door, making it even more intimidating.

Michael followed Isabella inside, and the nurse didn't dare to really drive him out, especially since this wasn't an uncommon situation.

Some pregnant women, being timid, would also request their husbands to stand by their side.

The nurse said nothing and carefully helped Isabella lie on the bed and lift her shirt.

When the female doctor arrived and saw Michael, her face immediately darkened, "Sir, men are not allowed in here. Didn't you see the sign?"

Michael gave the doctor a cold glance and stood his ground, "She is my wife, not someone else. Why can't I be here?"

If it were an ordinary situation, the doctor wouldn't insist so much with such a difficult person, especially since they were a married couple.

As long as the wife didn't object, they would just quickly finish the examination and let them leave with the form.

But today, the female doctor was unusually firm, "No means no. This is a hospital, not your home. If you don't follow the hospital's rules, this examination can't be done."

"What do you mean? Are you charging here?"

Michael's face was dark, exuding coldness.

There were already quite a few people waiting in the corridor, and the scene of the two arguing at the door quickly spread outside.

The director, who had already arranged everything, heard that there was a problem in the obstetrics and gynecology department involving Michael and rushed over in a panic.

He pulled the female doctor, Clara Kate, aside and didn't forget to apologize to Michael.

Outside, the director lowered his voice and questioned, "Clara, what's wrong with you today? It's one thing to be strict usually, but today I clearly conveyed the requirements to the entire department, and you still want to confront him. Are you trying to get our entire hospital in trouble?"

"Don't you know who he is? He is Michael, the heir of the Brown Group, and the one lying on the bed is Isabella, the daughter of the Wilson Family. If you anger them, not only you but our entire hospital will be affected. Do you have any sense?"

Clara, who didn't dare to look up, glanced at the two inside, a glint flashing in her eyes.

But when she spoke, she sounded extremely aggrieved, "Director, even if they are rich, they can't ignore our hospital's rules. What about the people behind them?"

"Rules, rules. If you dare to mention that word again, believe it or not, our hospital could be removed from Evergreen City tomorrow!"

The director gritted his teeth in anger, "I'm telling you, if you want to keep your life, just do your job properly. Those inside are people we can't afford to offend. Don't you see their status?"

"Hurry back, can't you see they are getting impatient?"

With the director's personal order, Clara had no choice but to comply, even if she was unwilling.

Returning to the examination room, she pulled the curtain to block the outside view, picked up a bottle, and squeezed some cold, transparent gel onto Isabella's stomach.

Then she picked up the probe to check the fetus.

After recording all the fetal data, Clara reluctantly issued the form and sent the two out.

Isabella didn't take the incident to heart and took the form to the doctor to review the data.

Shortly after they left, Clara, who had been smiling, suddenly changed her expression, handed her work to a nurse, and quickly went to the restroom.

The phone was quickly answered, and a woman's voice, suppressing excitement, came through, "How did it go? Did you make a move?"

Clara bit her lip and replied softly, "No, there was a problem, and I didn't get a chance to act. The mission failed."

"What did you say?"

On the other end, Bianca no longer hid her anger and loudly rebuked, "You couldn't even handle such a simple task. What are you good for? You're just useless."

She just wanted to use the prenatal checkup to administer some drugs to Isabella and get rid of the bastard in her belly.

But she couldn't do even such a simple task.

"I didn't expect Michael to come along for the checkup. He was standing right next to me, and I couldn't find an opportunity to act."

Clara defended herself.

She had tried, but with the director's orders and pressure, she couldn't just act recklessly.

"Couldn't you think of a way to get him out? You're just too stupid. If you can't handle such a small matter, how can I trust you in the future?"

"Ms. Taylor, I will explain this to Ms. Faith personally. I have work to do, so I won't say more."

The call was abruptly cut off, leaving Bianca fuming.

How did she end up with such a bunch of useless subordinates?

And they weren't even afraid of her.

She was Renee's superior, and these people dared to talk back to her.

But more infuriating than these trivial matters was Michael's presence at Isabella's prenatal checkup.

Didn't he have no feelings for Isabella? From their conversation in the car last time, she was almost certain that the person he loved was her, not Isabella.

So why was he accompanying Isabella to the hospital?

And on the very day she planned to act against Isabella, it was too much of a coincidence.

It was as if he knew exactly what she was planning and had arranged everything in advance to prevent her from seeing any flaws.

But how did Michael know about her plan?

Could it be that there was a mole around her?

Thinking of this, Bianca's face instantly turned grim.

###chapter 314 Clearing the Whole Mall for You

Isabella, after listening to the doctor's explanation and learning that the child's development was normal, finally breathed a sigh of relief.

However, Michael was a bit nervous.

The doctor said the child was fine, but Isabella had some calcium loss and sleep deprivation.

He wished he could move into her villa that very day to personally monitor her diet and sleep quality.

But he knew well that Isabella wouldn't agree to that.

So he could only find time privately to supplement some nutritional tips for pregnant women.

Then he would call Cinda to make food for Isabella.

Back in the car, Isabella immediately made a video call to Daniel to share the good news about the baby's health.

At the same time, she made sure Daniel saw Michael sitting next to her.

After all, in Daniel's mind, they were currently at the peak of their relationship. If Michael wasn't there for her prenatal check-up, Daniel would really be suspicious.

For the sake of the child, she might not be able to go out for a while after this, so the time spent with Michael became even more precious.

Listening to Isabella and Daniel's warm conversation, Michael cooperatively wrapped his arm around her waist, holding her in his arms, and greeted Daniel on the other end of the phone.

No matter what Isabella said, he looked at her with a smile, his genuine affection naturally hiding any pretense.

Until Isabella said goodbye to Daniel, she then pushed Michael away slightly and moved aside.

"Michael, thank you."

Seeing the soft body in his arms suddenly leave, Michael was momentarily dazed.

But he quickly recovered, "It's what I should do."

After all, he was the child's father, her husband.

But he didn't dare mention the latter part in front of Isabella. It had taken him a lot of effort to stay by her side, and he couldn't push too hard.

Not wanting her to leave so soon, Michael looked at the time and made a suggestion, "Isabella, you're three months pregnant now. It's time to buy some clothes in preparation. I'll go with you."

Buying clothes was secondary; he mainly didn't want to part with her so soon.

He had already used Aiden as an excuse for this meeting. Who knew if Isabella would agree next time?

So, he wanted to seize every moment they could be together.

"Isn't it too early?"

Isabella touched her belly and thought for a moment, "Besides, we don't know the baby's gender yet. How do we buy clothes?"

And it's winter now, the clothes in the mall are all winter styles, but by the time the baby is born, spring will be almost over, and they won't need these clothes anymore.

"Just do some preparation. Even if we don't buy clothes, we can buy some toys. The baby will always need them."

To accompany Isabella, Michael had cleared his schedule for the day.

"But there are so many people in the mall."

Isabella couldn't help but think of Atticus's warnings. Those people couldn't harm her in the hospital, but if they followed her to the mall, wouldn't she be walking into a trap?

But Michael's next words completely dispelled Isabella's concerns.

"Don't worry, I know you don't like noise, so I've booked the entire mall. Besides, with me by your side, what are you afraid of?"

Michael's voice was gentle and pleasant, a side of him Isabella rarely saw.

She bit her lip, outwardly hesitant, but her heart was already swayed.

With the entire mall to themselves, nothing should happen, right?

Even if someone did break in, her bodyguards would protect her immediately.

Thinking of this, Isabella slowly raised her eyes to look at the expectant Michael beside her and finally nodded.

Michael's sincere invitation was hard for her to refuse.

Besides, this was his way of showing love for the child. If he wanted to make it up to the baby, then let him.

The car quickly started and headed towards the largest mall in the city.

At this time, the first floor of the mall was already empty, with all the staff neatly standing outside, waiting for Michael's arrival.

Just then, Bianca, who had driven over, saw the scene.

She was originally there for a shopping spree but was told the mall was closed to the public.

It wasn't her first time at this mall, and she knew how expensive the items inside were.

Anyone who could book such a large mall in the city center must not be an ordinary person.

Bianca curiously looked towards the entrance, wanting to see who was so extravagant.

But just as she was about to take out her phone to capture the moment, a familiar black luxury car slowly stopped at the mall entrance.

Even the license plate was exactly the same.

It was Michael!

And the mall staff enthusiastically bowed, welcoming Michael's arrival.

As the heir of the Brown Group and the true owner behind the mall, even sending the whole mall to Isabella's villa for her to choose was no big deal, let alone clear the place.

Moreover, Michael was extremely generous, giving the staff a month's bonus for just one day of closure.

Once they left, the mall would close as well.

High pay and half a day off.

As employees, they wished Michael would come every day.

The car door opened, and Michael stepped out with his long legs, then lovingly helped Isabella out of the car.

When Isabella's face appeared, Bianca, hiding by the roadside, instantly changed her expression.

Isabella? How could it be her?

Why would Michael, who didn't love Isabella, clear out an entire mall just to please her? It was impossible.

But the truth was right in front of her, and even from a distance, Bianca could feel Michael's affection.

She clenched her fists tightly, not caring as her nails dug into her flesh.

Jealousy and resentment burned away her reason like a raging fire. She now wished she could go up and kill Isabella herself.

Michael's goodness was meant for her alone. It was hers.

Michael could only belong to her.

Isabella!

Isabella was supposed to be lying in the hospital, a woman who had lost her child due to poisoning, but now she was perfectly fine, appearing in the mall.

Bianca's suspicions slowly surfaced in her mind.

It seemed there was indeed a mole among her subordinates, and this mole had saved Isabella.

Thinking of this, a sinister look flashed in Bianca's eyes. After watching Michael and Isabella disappear into the mall entrance, she immediately dialed a number.

"What is it?"

The other party's voice was still altered, hoarse and low, making it impossible to discern any emotion.

Bianca, currently furious, felt even more irritated by the grating voice.

She vented her anger on the other party, "What are you afraid of every day? Every time I call you, you use this damned voice. Can't you use your real one?"

The other party was silent for a moment, then sneered, "Violet, oh no, you're Bianca now. Such a big temper, looks like you're facing a tough problem?"

###chapter 315 Eliminate the Mole

"I have a problem that I want you to help me analyze," Bianca responded bluntly.

"Sure, go ahead, I'm listening." The other party's unusually good-natured response caught Bianca off guard.

After all, he was her superior. Just like she was Renee's superior, any orders she gave had to be followed. No excuses, no resistance.

"Why aren't you speaking? Didn't you say you had a problem for me to help with?"

Bianca quickly snapped back to reality, thinking that he might be in a good mood, so she took the opportunity to bring up the issue.

"Let me ask you, what happens if someone betrays the organization?"

"Betrayal?"

The person on the phone laughed, as if not believing it, "Who would be so bold, risking their life?"

Bianca raised an eyebrow, "That's what I thought, but she did it."

The organization had extremely strict punishments and a relentless pursuit order.

Once you were in, you were bound for life.

There was no escape, no way to break free from the highest level of control.

Unless you were dead.

So, she didn't suspect that person at the time.

But now, the evidence was right in front of her, and she had to believe it.

"Who is it?" The man's voice turned harsh, as if already considering how to punish that person.

Bianca lowered her gaze, a cold smile forming on her lips, "Isn't it obvious? It's Renee, who has always refused to cooperate with me."

"I had just given Renee the order to have someone to cooperate with me, but today, that person was discovered before they could act, and the mission failed."

"That doesn't necessarily mean she betrayed the organization." The man's voice was hoarse but calm.

"But only the three of us knew the details of this matter. The subordinate who acted was in contact with me alone, and this shouldn't have gone wrong, yet such a big flaw appeared. The only one who could have leaked the information is her!"

Bianca had long suspected Renee's loyalty, and now this incident confirmed that she was the mole.

The other end of the line was silent for a moment before speaking again, "Bianca, you need to be sure about this. This is no joke. If you report this, she won't survive the night."

"I know." Bianca spoke firmly, "Since I'm certain she's the mole, I can definitely catch her red-handed. Besides, isn't our organization's creed to rather kill the wrong person than let the organization be endangered?"

She had her own reasons and plans for doing this.

Renee's betrayal was a certainty, and she was using this opportunity to get rid of Renee, so her superiors would assign her a new subordinate.

She needed someone with strong execution skills who would follow her orders without question.

Not someone with their own ideas who would defy her orders.

"Renee is your subordinate, you make the decision."

"I'm very sure she has a problem, please issue the order."

Bianca spoke decisively, hanging up the phone and waiting for the news of Renee's elimination.

But to her surprise, a few minutes later, the phone rang again with unexpected news.

"The superiors disagree, Renee's identity is special, you need to report all the evidence."

"What?"

Bianca was stunned, Renee's identity was special, how could she not know?

All she knew was that after returning to the country, Renee was assigned to her by the superiors to cooperate and follow her orders domestically.

She never knew Renee had another identity.

"She has a special identity, how come I don't know? Who is protecting her?"

"Not sure, but the superiors have given the order, do not touch Renee!" the man explained truthfully.

"If your report is accurate, the superiors can send someone to bring her back to the organization. As for what happens to her there, I don't know."

Hearing this, Bianca was momentarily stunned.

"Then what about my problem here? If she leaves, who will take over the beauty salon? If it suddenly closes, it will definitely arouse suspicion from the Brown Family and the Wilson Family."

Since the organization said so, it meant Renee was still useful to them.

Bianca didn't care about Renee.

She only cared about who would handle the work Renee left behind. She couldn't possibly do it herself, could she?

"Don't worry about that. If the superiors find Renee problematic, they will promptly assign new personnel to replace her."

"That's more like it."

Bianca breathed a sigh of relief, but before she could hang up, the other party's next words plunged her back into despair.

"Bianca, the superiors already have concerns about you. You need to remember what you aimed to achieve when you chose to return to the country."

"In the few months since you returned, you've spent most of your energy on your personal relationships. The boss knows about your relationship with Michael, but that doesn't mean he will always tolerate you wasting his patience."

"I advise you to think more about yourself and the organization. Don't forget what you relied on to get to where you are today."

The last sentence successfully drained the color from Bianca's face.

Since returning to the country, she had deliberately avoided thinking about those days, but once reminded, it was like being doused with a bucket of cold water, making her shiver.

If she hadn't abandoned her dignity and climbed into that person's bed step by step, she might still be in that dark, damp little room, getting beaten.

Every step she took today was earned by "sacrificing herself."

She would never let anyone ruin it.

And she would never go back to that place.

"I understand. Tell the boss I will speed up the progress and won't affect his plans."

With that, Bianca decisively hung up the phone, her body tense as if fixed in place.

She couldn't wait any longer.

Michael was her ultimate goal, she had to secure him, or it would be her end.

Glamour Oasis.

Renee had been feeling uneasy for the past two days, as if something big was about to happen.

Even when introducing things to clients, she would occasionally get distracted.

Even the receptionist noticed her unease and asked with concern, "Ms. Faith, are you feeling unwell? Do you want to take a day off and go home?"

Renee smiled bitterly. She wasn't from Evergreen City, and coming here wasn't her choice. She had no home or family here.

But her condition indeed wasn't suitable for work, so she changed her clothes and prepared to go back to her place to rest for a day.

But just as she got into her car and was about to start it, a black figure flashed past the rearview mirror.

###chapter 316 Renee Gets Injured

The man had a distinctive mark on him that she was all too familiar with; he was sent by the organization.

They were here to kill and silence her!

Renee immediately locked the car doors, gripped the steering wheel tightly, took a deep breath, and forced herself to calm down quickly.

She had anticipated this day ever since she decided to tip off Isabella.

She just didn't expect them to discover her little actions so quickly.

She had been extremely discreet about it, so where did she go wrong?

The Adri Family despised traitors the most.

Once discovered, they would chase them to the ends of the earth to capture them.

For this purpose, they had specially trained a group of people to hunt down disobedient traitors, using ruthless and decisive methods, and subjecting them to various tortures until they confessed to their actions.

If the traitor refused to obey orders, they had the highest authority to act directly.

But she couldn't die yet!

It wasn't that she was afraid of death, but she had family members waiting for her to save them. To make her comply, the organization under the Adri Family had taken control of her family.

If she died, all her family members would be doomed.

At this moment, Renee only hated herself for having a talent in chemistry.

If it weren't for her research results attracting the attention of the Adri Family, she and her family wouldn't have been targeted by these people, and she wouldn't have ended up like this.

Since the Adri Family placed her in their subordinate organization, her world had been filled with various tasks, and she hadn't felt the joys and sorrows of ordinary people for a long time.

She was also a girl in her twenties, wanting to experience freedom and love, not wanting to be used as a killing tool every day.

She deeply regretted going abroad for further studies.

In the few seconds she was in a daze, the men in black had quickly approached from behind. Renee had no time to think and stepped on the gas pedal to rush out.

But their reaction was faster than she imagined. The car had barely moved 9 feet when the rear tires were hit consecutively, making a piercing sound.

But Renee didn't dare to stop because she knew that if she did, she would surely die today.

Forcing the skidding car, Renee floored the gas pedal, quickly leaving the parking lot and speeding onto the main road.

But the car had suffered significant damage and couldn't go far, and the men in black were closely pursuing her, about to catch up.

Renee knew she might not escape death today, so she desperately drove towards the city, trying to find a chance to survive.

After all those people wouldn't dare to shoot in the city.

She saw a greenbelt not far ahead and, before the car completely lost control, unbuckled her seatbelt and jumped out with all her might.

With a "bang," the car crashed into the guardrail.

Ignoring her multiple injuries, Renee used her last bit of strength to get up and ran towards the nearest building.

As long as she blended into the crowd, the Adri Family's people wouldn't dare to do anything to her.

Not far away was a large shopping mall. Renee kept an eye on the situation behind her while running inside.

But just as she reached the entrance, she was stopped, "Ma'am, the mall is closed today. Please come back tomorrow."

"But I really need to get in here, please help me."

Renee, exhausted, barely expressed her need to the staff, her face pale and gasping for breath.

Seeing her injuries and the blood dripping from her wrist, the staff member was even more frightened and backed away repeatedly.

"Ma'am, you should go to the hospital. The mall is really closed today; our boss has booked it."

The staff member dared not let her in.

Renee couldn't afford to waste time, but as she turned around, she collapsed to the ground due to dizziness.

Fearing that the Adri Family's people were nearby, she used her last bit of strength to call Aaron.

In her final moments, he was the only one she wanted to see.

'Aaron, answer the phone, please answer.' She prayed in her heart.

She really didn't have much time left.

Perhaps God didn't hear her prayers; the waiting tone on the phone seemed longer and longer, but no one answered.

Renee called twice.

Her hope turned from desperate longing to disappointment.

But Renee didn't blame him.

After all, she didn't even dare to face her feelings for him, so how could she expect Aaron to save her in such a dangerous moment?

Her current situation was entirely her own doing.

She couldn't blame anyone else.

Bright red blood flowed more and more from her hand, and Renee's vision began to blur. Finally, her mind went blank, and she collapsed to the ground.

Just before she lost consciousness, a familiar voice sounded in her ear.

"Oh my God, what's going on? Call an ambulance, quick."

Hearing someone wanting to save her, Renee forced her eyes open, seeing the person in front of her anxiously directing others to perform first aid.

That bright and delicate face, and her slightly bulging belly, gave Renee a glimmer of hope, and she finally recognized the familiar feeling.

It was Isabella.

She had come.

"Ms. Taylor." Renee weakly called out to her.
 
Only upon hearing Renee's faint voice did Isabella recognize her. "Renee? Is that you? What happened?" 

But why was she covered in injuries?

"Help me." After saying this, Renee had no strength left and completely passed out.

"Someone, get Ms. Faith to my car, we're going to the hospital immediately."

Isabella furrowed her brow and immediately called her bodyguards to take Renee to the hospital.

During this time, Atticus and Holden, worried about her, had arranged for many people to stay by her side, so there was more than one car available.

Renee's sudden injury was likely not a coincidence. Since she had encountered it, she couldn't ignore it.

The bodyguards, hearing her command, sent two people to carry Renee to the car.

Standing nearby, Michael's eyes flashed with a dark light as he saw Renee being taken to the car.

When he first investigated Glamour Oasis, he had already reviewed Renee's personal information. Coupled with Isabella calling her name just now, he was even more certain that the injured person was Renee.

Aaron had just mentioned yesterday that Isabella was being watched, and today Renee was in trouble.

If it wasn't a coincidence, it had to be intentional.

After the car left, Isabella turned to say goodbye to Michael, but unexpectedly realized she hadn't seen Aaron all day.

Perhaps Aaron was handling other matters; Michael trusted Aaron the most.

Her gaze fell on Michael's tall figure, and Isabella suddenly felt a bit reluctant, with more complex emotions in her heart.

Knowing that the kindness he showed her was all because of the child in her belly, she still couldn't help but want to indulge in it.

But reality was always in front of her.

The prenatal checkup was over, and they had bought almost everything they needed.

In the end, they would have to part ways.

###chapter 317 The Blood Is Not Hers

At that moment, Michael happened to look at her, their eyes met, and Michael's gaze locked onto her firmly. In that instant, Isabella felt like she was the only one in his world.

But the next second, she mocked herself with a slight smile. How could that be possible?

Michael never liked her.

Everything he was doing now, his gentleness and his care for her, was all because of the child.

He was only with her for Aiden's sake.

And the last thing she should do was mistake this care for something meant for her.

"Are you going back? I'll take you."

Michael walked over to her with large strides, not feeling comfortable letting her go home alone, especially after seeing Renee injured.

He was worried those people might be nearby, and if they targeted Isabella, it would be bad.

What he wanted most was to be by Isabella's side every day and night, but Isabella wouldn't agree to that.

"No need, I want to go back by myself."

Isabella shook her head. Experiencing going to the hospital and shopping with him once was enough.

She feared she wouldn't be able to stop herself from having expectations of him if she was with him any longer.

Handing the gift box to the bodyguard, Isabella said to him, "Goodbye."

Michael frowned and was about to reach out to grab Isabella, but the bodyguards behind her blocked his way.

"Ms. Taylor said she doesn't want you to take her. Move aside!"

Michael was still worried about her and was about to push the bodyguards away to follow her, but then he saw a familiar face in the car Isabella was about to get into.

It was Holden Wilson.

He gave Michael a warning look, clearly meaning that if Michael dared to come over, Holden would confront him in front of Isabella.

Thinking about the fight Holden had with him at the hospital entrance last time, Michael's face darkened.

That wasn't a fight; it was clearly a one-sided beating.

But since Holden was with Isabella, he felt reassured enough to investigate other matters.

On the other side.

Seeing Holden arrive, Isabella was quite surprised, "Uncle Holden, what are you doing here?"

Holden nervously looked her over and suddenly his face changed, "Isabella, what happened to your hand? Why is it bleeding?"

"This..." Before Isabella could finish, Holden grabbed her hand, heartbroken, "What happened? Did that bastard Michael not protect you and let you get hurt? I'm gonna kick his ass!"

Holden said as he was about to get out of the car, but Isabella stopped him, helplessly saying, "Uncle Holden, can you let me finish? This blood isn't mine. I ran into an acquaintance at the mall who got hurt, and I accidentally got some on me."

"Really? Are you okay?"

Hearing that the blood wasn't Isabella's, Holden finally breathed a sigh of relief. Thinking about how he was so worried he almost suffocated, he couldn't help but tap her forehead.

"Don't you know the bodyguard called me on the way, saying you encountered an emergency? I was so scared I rushed over without even thinking about Atticus. If I hadn't seen you and called Atticus to let him know you were safe, he might have sent people over by now."

Ever since Atticus found out from the black market that someone had been closely tracking Isabella's movements, he had been extremely concerned about her personal safety.

Holden usually had a lively temper and loved to nag her.

Isabella was used to it.

But Atticus and Holden being so worried about her situation outside still made her feel a bit embarrassed. If it weren't for wanting to have some memories with Michael, she wouldn't have been so willful.

"Uncle Holden, don't worry. See, I'm fine." Isabella took a wet wipe and wiped the blood off the back of her hand, showing it to Holden.

"Alright. Let's go back home."

Holden instructed the bodyguard to drive to Whispering Pines Estates.

On the way, Isabella talked to Holden about Renee's identity.

"Uncle Holden, she's the owner of Glamour Oasis, Renee, and she's seriously injured. I feel like she's in some kind of danger. Could you send more people to the hospital?"

"I think we should bring her to Whispering Pines Estates to stay once she gets better. It would be safer."

Hearing the last sentence, Holden frowned.

"Isabella, I don't think you should have saved her. She's from the beauty salon, clearly associated with Bianca. How can you bring her to your place? It's too dangerous."

Moreover, they were currently guarding against the Adri Family. Who knew if this Renee was good or bad? If she was sent to get close to Isabella, wouldn't that be bringing the enemy inside?

The risk was too great; he couldn't let Isabella be in danger.

But Isabella didn't see it that way.

"Uncle Holden, if it were before, I would have thought the same as you. I wouldn't have had any contact with her, let alone saved her."

"But I've interacted with her twice. I can tell she's not the same type of person as Bianca, and she has no intention of harming me. If we save her this time, we might be able to bring her to our side, wouldn't that be better?"

These words were just to dispel Holden's doubts.

Actually, during their last conversation, she had already developed trust in Renee.

In the beauty salon, Renee didn't harm Isabella. She was able to openly express her thoughts, which showed she had realized what she was doing was wrong.

Renee now just needed a chance to make things right.

"No way!"

No matter how much Isabella tried to beautify Renee, Holden still wouldn't agree to let her bring an enemy like Renee into her home.

It was too risky.

"Isabella, I don't know how Renee gained your trust. I only know you need absolute safety right now. Any risky behavior must be denied."

To Holden, nothing was more important than Isabella and the child in her belly.

"Holden, if you don't trust her, you should trust me. Renee won't harm me, and I saved her life. She can't ignore that kindness, right?"

Seeing that persuasion wasn't working, Isabella thought of a compromise.

"How about this? If you're still not comfortable with Renee, once she recovers, let Atticus and you talk to her face-to-face. You'll know if she's an enemy after questioning her."

Atticus and Holden had plenty of experience in this area. This was the only way to dispel their doubts about Renee.

Holden hesitated for a moment, then nodded at Isabella's expectant gaze.

"Alright, but only after Atticus and I personally question her."

"Okay, Uncle Holden, you're the best."

Feeling happy from shopping today, Isabella didn't let the bodyguard take her to her place but went with Holden to the Wilson Family.

She hadn't seen Daniel in a few days and missed him.

And with Atticus and Holden busy with their own matters, Daniel must have been lonely at home.

While she was idle, she could keep Daniel company.

###chapter 318 The Situation is Not Optimistic

On his way back to the company, Michael received a call from Aaron, who was far away in another country.

"Mr. Brown, we've identified the reason why the project in Auroria isn't progressing."

"The Adri Family wants to monopolize everything and won't let others get good resources. They bribed a local official to raise prices, but we had an agreement with them, so they naturally didn't want to pay more. This caused a conflict and delayed the project."

Michael listened, his eyes slightly downcast, showing no surprise in his expression.

These things were within his expectations.

"Bribery between businessmen and officials is not a big deal over there. Find another breakthrough."

Aaron agreed, "Indeed! The local officials are terrified of the Adri Family. Even if we provide evidence, they turn a blind eye, not to mention that the official has marital ties with the Adri Family."

"However, I've found other clues about the Adri Family's illegal occupation of local mines. Their reach is too extensive. As long as we find evidence, we can smoothly proceed with our project."

He didn't believe that everyone here feared the Adri Family. Their people were rampant and lawless.

There would always be someone oppressed enough to want to fight back.

The enemy of my enemy was my friend; there would always be a way.

Hearing Aaron's determination, Michael pursed his lips, thinking about how to tell him about Renee's injury.

After all, Aaron's call yesterday clearly showed his strong feelings for Renee.

Aaron had been with him for many years, and it was the first time he expressed feelings for a woman, despite Renee's different stance.

Aaron hadn't wavered in his thoughts.

Michael couldn't bear to keep it from him any longer.

"Aaron, I have something to tell you. Renee was injured and is in the hospital."

Despite the complex situation in Auroria, Michael wanted Aaron to know, even if it might distract him.

"How did she get injured? How is Renee now? Is she okay?"

Aaron's voice trembled with anxiety, his earlier calmness during the work report collapsing instantly.

He should have guessed, shouldn't he?

Renee took a risk to reveal the news about Isabella's impending danger. How could those behind her let her go?

He now just wanted to fly back and stay by her side, not letting her suffer any more harm. But looking at the foreign situation in front of him, he hesitated.

The situation in Auroria was not optimistic. Leaving would give the opponent an opportunity.

The Adri Family wanted to swallow all of the Wilson Group's resources. He couldn't leave!

"Mr. Brown, please, can you get someone to take care of her temporarily before I return? She has no friends or family in Evergreen City."

Although this request was abrupt, Aaron could only think of asking Michael.

Firstly, Renee's special identity meant that only the Brown Family's influence could protect her. Ordinary people couldn't withstand the Adri Family's attacks.

Secondly, Renee wasn't a local in Evergreen City. She was alone.

If he wasn't there, there was really no one else to help her.

"No problem."

Michael didn't refuse. Aaron was in Auroria, facing dangerous work for him. As his boss, he couldn't leave Aaron's girlfriend Renee in the lurch.

In the end, he still said, "Once you find a breakthrough in Auroria, come back immediately."

After all, Aaron had been with him for many years. Michael considered him one of his own, not just a work machine.

On the other end of the phone, Aaron was stunned, then almost cried with excitement, "Thank you, Mr. Brown. I'll speed up the progress."

He knew how important this mission was. Otherwise, Michael wouldn't have sent him to oversee it personally.

But for Michael to ask him to return at this time, how could Aaron not be excited?

"Renee's injuries are unusual, like she was being hunted. I suspect the Adri Family has noticed something."

"Have you noticed her doing anything unusual recently?"

This reminded Aaron.

He immediately thought of the blue handkerchief he saw from Isabella.

"Yes! Mr. Brown, do you remember I told you about Mrs. Brown being in danger before I left the country? Maybe Renee's being hunted is related to that."

"People like them wouldn't tolerate internal betrayal. Once discovered, they would definitely silence her."

"Renee is in danger now, Mr. Brown. Can you move her to a safe place?"

Michael hesitated, "It's not that I don't want to. Renee has already been taken by Isabella's people. There are guards at the hospital. I might not even be able to get in."

He wasn't lying.

When Aaron asked him to find someone to take care of Renee, he thought about calling Isabella to explain Aaron and Renee's relationship.

Maybe add one of his own people, so Aaron could focus on his work abroad.

Hearing that Isabella personally protected Renee, Aaron breathed a sigh of relief, "With Mrs. Brown's protection, I'm not worried."

"Mr. Brown, I'll try to resolve things here and return as soon as possible."

Because Renee was waiting for him to return.

"Okay, stay safe."

Michael instructed, then hung up the phone.

He had been worried about how to get closer to Isabella after the prenatal checkup. Now, with Aaron as an excuse, he should be able to see her again.

A week later, Evergreen City entered winter, and it snowed heavily.

That afternoon, Bianca, dressed in black, appeared in a suburban cemetery.

She walked step by step to the end of the path, took off her sunglasses, and placed a bouquet of lilies bought from the roadside in front of a joint tombstone.

The tombstone had photos of a man and a woman, Indigo and Harper, who had been executed.

Bianca personally selected the photos from their family album. They were young, smiling happily with her in the middle.

But now the photos were black and white, making her feel sad.

"Dad, Mom, I've come to see you. You won't blame me, right?"

Bianca said, pressing her face against the tombstone, just like when she used to cuddle with them as a child.

But now she was an orphan who had lost her parents.

No one in this world loved her anymore. She was all alone.

When she received the call, she wanted to see her parents one last time more than anyone.

But when she put on the most expensive and beautiful clothes and opened the door, she lost the courage to step out.

She didn't dare to see them.

She couldn't imagine that after just talking to them, they would be executed the next moment.

She couldn't accept it.

Going there would be like watching them die.

###chapter 319 Accompany Daniel

The thought of her parents leaving her forever made her heartache so much that she couldn't speak.

And that day, she ultimately couldn't show up.

It wasn't until the news of her parents' sentencing appeared on the headlines that she cried out loud, clutching her phone.

Why did this happen?

Why did her parents have to die, while that bitch Isabella could live so well?

It was Isabella who pushed her parents step by step to the death penalty, and not only that, Isabella also took away her beloved Michael.

She shamelessly clung to him all day long, using the excuse of being pregnant with Michael's child.

Why did all the good things happen to Isabella, while she lost everything overnight?

She really hated her.

What she wanted most now was for Isabella to die.

The more painful her death, the better.

"Mom, I know you hate that bitch Isabella as much as I do. Don't worry, I will definitely avenge you. I will never, ever let her go."

After saying this, she took a deep breath, stood up, and knelt straight in front of the tombstone.

"Mom, Dad, I have thought of a way to kill Isabella and her bastard."

She had already received the news that the organization had sent someone to silence Renee.

Renee would soon disappear.

And she would soon have new people to use.

Even at this time, she was unwilling to wait any longer. She wanted to take the initiative and personally deal with Isabella.

Only then could she relieve the hatred in her heart.

Thinking of this, she immediately called that person.

"The organization has already sent someone to capture Renee. I urgently need manpower now. Can you lend me some people?"

She deliberately didn't specify what it was for.

Because the person on the other end of the phone had different feelings for Isabella. If he knew she was borrowing people to kill Isabella, his expression would probably change.

And how could she let him know?

"Okay, where are you?"

"I'm at Cemetery No. 1 in the suburbs."

There was a pause on the other end of the phone, and then the man's hoarse voice quickly came through, "I heard about your parents. I'm sorry."

Bianca was no longer immersed in pain. Now she only wanted to take Isabella's life and send her to apologize to her parents.

Only then could she relieve her hatred.

"It's okay. Send your people over now. My plan is urgent and needs to be prepared in advance."

Bianca hung up the phone after speaking.

The Wilson Family.

Since that time she returned with Holden to visit Daniel, Isabella cherished the days with Daniel even more.

These past two days, Daniel called and hoped she could stay for a few days. Isabella thought that since she couldn't go out at home, she might as well stay at the Wilson Villa with Daniel.

So she had Cinda pack her luggage and moved into the Wilson Family.

Seeing Isabella really come, Daniel was overjoyed and couldn't stop talking while holding her on the sofa.

But he mainly cared about her and Michael.

Facing Daniel's eager eyes, Isabella felt inexplicably guilty.

She knew that even if she lied, Daniel wouldn't notice anything, but the more she did this, the heavier her guilt felt.

"Isabella, why aren't you talking? Did Michael neglect you again? Tell me, I'll call him over here!"

Daniel said as he was about to grab his phone.

Isabella was his only granddaughter. If anyone made her feel bad, he wouldn't let them off.

"Oh, Grandpa, you're overthinking. He didn't neglected me."

Isabella patiently explained, "Michael is with me all day. It's just that he's been busy with work these past two days and hasn't come. I'm not angry, so don't blame him."

"Really?"

Daniel obviously didn't believe it. "Even if he's busy with work, he should call to check on you when he knows you're back. Why hasn't he sent a message by now? Is he really busy, or is he using busyness as an excuse to ignore you and the child?"

"Grandpa, I just got home, and it's still morning, the busiest time at the company. You have to give him some time to make room, right?"

Isabella was really afraid Daniel would notice something, so she desperately covered for Michael.

She just hoped Daniel wouldn't really call. If Michael refused or inadvertently revealed their "real situation," it would be really bad.

"This Michael, he promised to take good care of you, and now he's unreliable again."

Daniel didn't disbelieve Isabella, but Michael's usual behavior was too untrustworthy.

Not seeing him made Daniel anxious.

Isabella was already pregnant. If Michael didn't know how to care for her, how could he trust him with her?

"Grandpa, why don't we go out for a walk?"

Isabella had no other choice but to divert Daniel's attention.

At this moment, Cinda suddenly ran downstairs with Isabella's phone, "Ms. Taylor, Mr. Brown's call."

This was the Wilson Family, so Cinda naturally had to change her address for Michael.

First, to show respect for Michael, and second, not to let Daniel notice any discord between them.

Hearing "Mr. Brown," Isabella immediately reacted.

She calmly took the phone from Cinda and deliberately showed Daniel the name Michael on the contact.

Smiling, she said, "Grandpa, what did I say? Michael is just too busy. See, he called as soon as he had time. Now you can rest assured. We already have a child. How could we argue every day? Grandpa, you're always worrying too much."

Saying this, Isabella quickly pressed the answer button.

To prevent Michael from exposing anything, she spoke first, "Michael, I knew you would call. Is the meeting over?"

Michael?

The gentle and sweet voice, even with a coquettish tone, made Michael doubt if it was really Isabella on the other end.

Since their marriage, she had never spoken to him in this tone.

But since it was her, it meant she needed something from him?

Otherwise, why would she lower her stance so much?

He didn't intend to expose her, replying gently, "The meeting is over. What are you doing? Have you eaten well?"

Isabella glanced at Daniel, who was watching her, and her smile deepened.

"Of course, I've eaten well. I'm downstairs talking with Grandpa."

She emphasized that Daniel was also there, fearing Michael wouldn't catch her hint.

After all, Daniel was right next to her, and he could hear some of the conversation even if it was quiet.

So that's how it was!

Michael smirked, "How is Grandpa Daniel doing? I haven't visited him in a while. It's good that you're spending time with him these days."

Daniel stretched his neck, and only after hearing Michael mention him on the phone did he finally relax.

###chapter 320 Who Are They?

"Of course, I'm here to accompany Grandpa, but if I stay here for a few days, will you miss me and the baby so much that you can't sleep?"

Isabella intentionally spoke in a tender and affectionate manner, so that Daniel would completely believe that her relationship with Michael had been fully restored.

Daniel indeed felt it, but since the couple was flirting, he didn't feel it was appropriate to stay any longer.

He found an excuse to go outside, giving them space to talk.

Watching Daniel leave, Isabella closed her eyes and finally breathed a sigh of relief.

The moment she spoke again, her tone had shifted from gentle and charming to cold and ruthless, "Mr. Brown, why did you call?"

Daniel was just outside, so she couldn't talk for too long, risking exposure.

But considering he had just helped her, she could give him a few minutes to finish his words.

Michael's "Of course I miss you" hadn't even left his mouth before Isabella's cold words hit him like a bucket of ice water.

He felt a chill all over.

How many more sides of Isabella had he not seen?

Just a second ago, she was his sweet wife, and the next, she wished he would disappear.

But now he couldn't care about that. The fact that Isabella answered his call was already a big surprise for him.

What more could he ask of her?

"Do you remember Renee?"

He got straight to the point.

"What's wrong with her? Isn't she fine in the hospital?"

Isabella hadn't been out much lately, and Renee was being guarded by the Wilson Family's bodyguards, still in a coma.

Why was Michael bringing up Renee now?

"I want to see her and ask her some questions personally."

Worried that Isabella might refuse, Michael had to bring up Aaron, "Besides, she and Aaron are in a relationship. Aaron, who is abroad, asked me to check on her. Can you have your people step aside and let me in?"

Isabella frowned. She might have hesitated at first, but Michael's later words seemed to be hiding something.

He could see Renee, so why use Aaron's name?

What was he feeling guilty about?

Renee had intricate ties with Bianca, who had recently seemed to disappear.

Was he trying to find Bianca through Renee?

Thinking of this, Isabella sneered, "Michael, if Aaron is worried about Renee, he can call me for help. But you're Aaron's boss, it's inappropriate for you to visit Renee, right? Besides, Renee is under the Wilson Family's protection now. You can't see her just because you want to."

After saying this, Isabella hung up the phone decisively, not giving Michael a chance to come up with another lame excuse.

That bastard Michael, she knew he wasn't over Bianca.

Even now, he was still thinking about her.

But when did Renee and Aaron start dating? Weren't they supposed to be on opposing sides?

Isabella felt a strong sense of curiosity.

She knew Aaron had been keeping an eye on Renee's beauty salon for the past month or two, but she was more curious about what had happened between them to spark such intense feelings.

Just as she was racking her brain trying to figure it out, a private call came in.

"Ms. Taylor, the lady you saved a few days ago just woke up. Mr. Wilson is personally interrogating her, but she insists on seeing you first, or she won't say a word."

Renee woke up?

Isabella knew she probably didn't trust Atticus. After thinking for a moment, she said, "Alright, I'll be right there."

Atticus would never let Isabella take such a risk, so he rushed to the hospital as soon as he heard Renee woke up.

Isabella's car was also Atticus's personal vehicle, which went to the Wilson Family to pick her up.

Seeing this, Daniel would be reassured.

Renee's condition was quite serious. She had various minor injuries, but the main issue was that she had broken her leg when she jumped from the car.

She also had different degrees of head injuries and concussions, which was why she had been in a coma until now.

When Isabella arrived, she saw Renee lying in bed, her entire body below the head tightly bound.

It wasn't the hospital's doing, but Atticus being overly cautious.

Isabella sighed. Atticus didn't consider that Renee was so injured that even if she wanted to do something to her, she wouldn't have the strength.

But Renee, lying in bed, didn't seem to mind. Her eyes lit up the moment she saw Isabella.

"Ms. Taylor, you saved me."

Renee's voice was weak and hoarse. Isabella remembered seeing her covered in blood a few days ago.

She couldn't imagine what Renee had gone through before that.

Isabella walked up to Renee and nodded at her, "Yes, it was me. Renee, don't be afraid or worry. Since I chose to save you, I won't let you face danger or threats again. You can rest assured of that."

Renee smiled weakly, "Thank you. If it weren't for you, I might have died on the road by now..."

Renee, just waking up, was still very weak and started coughing uncontrollably after saying a few words.

Isabella wanted to help her, but Atticus's look stopped her.

She had no choice but to let a bodyguard help Renee.

After Renee calmed down a bit, Isabella continued, "Ms. Faith, there's no need to thank me. Anyone who saw you in that state would have saved you."

Maybe it was the hormonal changes from having a child, but she had become more emotional about life-related matters.

Even if she had seen an ordinary person that day, she would have saved them.

Not just because it was Renee.

"Ms. Taylor, I know you're kind-hearted, which is why I said those words to you at the beauty salon that day."

Renee, gasping for breath, expressed her feelings and attitude.

Isabella's eyes tightened, as if she had connected some dots, "So, your injury this time is related to what you wanted to tell me that day?"

At first, she didn't understand why Renee had given her a personal handkerchief.

But thinking back to Aaron's insistence on taking her home that day, everything seemed to make sense.

Renee had already wavered in her plan to help Bianca harm her, which was why she wanted Isabella to take the handkerchief.

It was to alert Aaron.

Renee had never intended to harm her.

"Ms. Taylor, this was my personal choice and has nothing to do with you. I didn't want to be a tool in someone else's hands anymore, so I decided to resist."

Reflecting on her actions, Renee's eyes were filled with determination, not regret.

"I knew they would notice, but I didn't expect them to come so quickly."

"Who are they?" Isabella keenly caught the key point in Renee's words, "What did they do to you?"

###chapter 321 For Survival

"They want to kill to keep things quiet."

Renee didn't specify who "they" were in front of the others but made it clear why they were here.

They were here to eliminate her.

"Is it because of the tip you gave me that day? Only something personal of yours would have made Aaron discover the problem. And that's why you're in danger now."

"Ms. Taylor, how did you know?" Renee was stunned, her eyes wide with shock as she looked at Isabella.

She had never disclosed this to anyone, including her relationship with Aaron.

Isabella explained, "Don't worry, I won't tell anyone. I just remembered Aaron's expression when he saw the handkerchief you gave me that day. Hearing what you said, I put two and two together."

"Besides, I really just happened to be there to save you. I have no other intentions and won't force you to do anything you don't want to. So just focus on getting better, and we'll talk about everything else once you're well."

Isabella knew Renee had many concerns, especially with Atticus still around. It was normal for her to be cautious.

There was plenty of time; no need to rush.

And Isabella didn't like forcing others.

Renee had risked her life to pass on the message, and Isabella had coincidentally saved her outside the mall.

Maybe it was fate.

They both survived.

If Renee didn't want to talk about the people behind this, Isabella wouldn't push. She'd just consider it as gaining a new friend.

"Ms. Taylor, no matter what, I still have to thank you for saving me."

Renee took a deep breath. Even though her face was pale, the determination in her eyes was unmistakable.

She didn't want to die.

She had family waiting for her to save them.

Seeing her weak state, Isabella didn't want to tire her out. Just as she was about to leave, she remembered something Michael had mentioned on the phone.

She paused, "Ms. Faith, there's something I need to confirm with you."

"Ms. Taylor, please go ahead."

"Have you and Aaron confirmed your relationship?" Isabella asked hesitantly, but the curiosity in her eyes betrayed her.

After all, their personalities and positions were so distinct.

If they were in a relationship, it would be quite sweet.

Isabella was already imagining a dramatic love story in her mind.

But Renee's next words shattered her imagination, "Ms. Taylor, you're overthinking. Aaron and I have no relationship; we've just met a few times."

Renee's voice was still hoarse, but the detachment in her tone was clear.

She had realized that surviving her current situation was hard enough. There was no need to drag someone else into it.

Isabella's eyes flickered. It was Renee's personal matter, and she had no right to interfere.

However, she still had to convey the message.

"Renee, Aaron has been sent abroad recently and can't come back immediately. He knows you're in the hospital and is quite worried, so he asked Michael to check on you. It's up to you whether you want to see him."

"If you agree, I'll let him come. If not, don't worry about it. Just focus on recovering."

Isabella tried to relay the message accurately, leaving the choice to Renee.

Hearing that Aaron wasn't in the country, Renee's eyes flickered.

But when she looked at her broken right leg, her eyes lowered.

In her current state, with people still out to kill her, she couldn't involve an innocent person.

Moreover, she hadn't forgotten the despair of that unanswered phone call during her life-and-death moment.

Aaron wasn't in the country, so meeting Michael was meaningless.

Renee shook her head, "Ms. Taylor, besides you and the Wilson Family, I don't want to see anyone else!"

Right now, the only person she could trust was Isabella.

She couldn't risk trusting anyone else.

Renee's words were a clear refusal to see Michael. Isabella didn't push her, just nodded, "Alright, I'll let him know."

She hadn't wanted Michael to see Renee alone anyway.

Who knew if he was really there for Aaron or for his own reasons?

After all, his feelings for Bianca weren't new.

After saying this, Isabella was about to leave when Renee grabbed her, "Ms. Taylor, I have a favor to ask. Can you take me in? I'm afraid those people will come after me again."

The Adri Family was ruthless, caring only about results, not the process.

Anyone who tried to escape their grasp never survived.

Their assassin organization was built on countless deaths. Renee was lucky to have survived this time.

But that didn't mean she'd be lucky every time.

Those people wouldn't let her go.

To survive, she needed a powerful family to protect her.

And the Wilson Family was the best choice.

She also trusted Isabella.

Hearing this, Isabella was stunned, and even Atticus frowned deeply.

He shook his head at Isabella.

Renee's identity was clear. She was from the mysterious family that wanted to harm Isabella.

Keeping her close was like having a ticking time bomb nearby.

But Isabella wasn't thinking about that.

She was staying with the Wilson Family temporarily, so taking someone in wasn't a problem. But Renee's injuries were severe.

If she took Renee back and her condition worsened, what then?

"Renee, are you sure? I can agree to your request, but your health..." Isabella bit her lip, still worried.

"I'm fine. These injuries aren't serious. I've been through worse abroad. I just need a place to hide and recover."

"I know you'll have people guarding me in the hospital, but it's a public place. Those people are skilled and will find me soon."

Instead of waiting to die in the hospital, she needed to find new protection.

It was selfish, but she had no other choice to survive.

She would remember Isabella's kindness forever.

Isabella nodded and said, "If you're sure, I'll get the discharge papers."

"Isabella?" Atticus couldn't believe Isabella was taking Renee, whose loyalty was uncertain, home.

"Uncle Atticus, look at Renee. Do you really think she has the energy to harm anyone?"

Isabella pointed to the bedridden Renee, unable to move, and winked at Atticus.

###chapter 322 Take Renee Home

Atticus couldn't stop her, so he had no choice but to go with her to the doctor's office.

When the doctor said Renee would need at least three months to recover, she finally felt relieved.

Plus, with the Wilson family keeping an eye on things, even if Renee wanted to harm Isabella, she probably wouldn't get the chance.

In the end, Atticus reluctantly agreed.

But he had one condition: Renee's caregivers had to be people he trusted.

In other words, Renee could only stay with the Wilson family under his supervision.

Isabella had no objections to this. She knew Atticus was worried that she had bad intentions, and after spending some time together, he would see Renee's true character and let his guard down.

There was no point in saying more now.

So, Isabella had the doctor issue a discharge certificate and arranged for bodyguards to escort Renee to the hospital's designated vehicle.

Meanwhile, the Wilson family had Cinda and the house staff prepare a guest room suitable for Renee, preferably on the first floor.

When the group finally arrived back at the Wilson family home, Daniel was taken aback by the commotion.

He had received a call from Isabella earlier, saying she was bringing a friend over, but she hadn't mentioned it would be such a big deal.

Why were there doctors and nurses coming along?

"Isabella, come here!"

Feeling uneasy, Daniel instinctively pulled Isabella aside, worried that the hustle and bustle might affect her and the baby.

Isabella was busy directing the staff when Daniel's look called her over. "Grandpa, what's wrong?"

"Isabella, you told me on the phone that a friend was coming to stay, but you didn't mention she was this seriously injured. If it were any other time, it might be fine, but you're pregnant now. What if something happens..."

Daniel wasn't being stingy; he was just concerned about Isabella's health. She needed to take care of herself, especially now.

Bringing a patient home suddenly could expose her to bacteria, which wasn't safe.

"Grandpa, you misunderstood. She wasn't sick; she was in a car accident."

Daniel's worry deepened. "That makes it even worse. She should be in the hospital, getting the best care. I'll cover her medical expenses. Why bring her home where we don't have the right equipment?"

Daniel quickly saw the problem. He might be old, but he wasn't foolish.

"Grandpa, I have my reasons."

"What reasons? Tell me!" Daniel was clearly displeased.

Isabella felt helpless.

She couldn't possibly tell Daniel that Renee's situation at the hospital was too dangerous, and she had to bring her home to keep her safe from those who might come after her.

Daniel was already worried about her and the baby's safety. If he heard about the danger Renee was in, he would never agree.

"Grandpa, actually, she's Aaron's girlfriend. He is Michael's assistant. You might have met him."

Daniel thought for a moment and nodded slightly. "Yes, I remember Aaron. A nice young man, very polite."

But that didn't mean he was okay with a patient moving in.

"His girlfriend has nothing to do with our family. Even if he's close to you, he can't just push his girlfriend onto you. Where is he?"

Seeing that Daniel was finally asking the right questions, Isabella quickly helped him sit down and explained.

"I was just about to tell you. Aaron's on a business trip abroad and can't come back soon. Renee had a car accident, and to let Aaron focus on his work, Michael asked me to take care of her for a few days. Once Aaron returns, he'll take her back."

Isabella quickly came up with a reason.

Renee's situation was delicate, and only by linking her to Aaron would Daniel not suspect anything.

"Besides, her parents aren't in Evergreen City, and she doesn't have many friends. If we leave her in the hospital alone, how can I explain it to Aaron when he returns?"

"I see. In that case, we can't just leave Renee alone in the hospital. And since Aaron works for Michael, we should help out. We can't neglect Renee."

Daniel finally understood Isabella's reasoning.

"Grandpa, you're the best. I knew you'd agree because you're so generous."

Isabella praised Daniel, holding his hand.

Daniel was pleased but still pretended to be stern. "But just this once. Next time, you need to tell me everything first, understand?"

"Got it, Grandpa." Isabella agreed readily. "I promise, just this once."

She already felt guilty about the situation and didn't dare to negotiate further with Daniel.

The following week at the Wilson family home was unusually quiet for Isabella.

She found it quite boring to be cooped up at home all day.

Atticus and Holden were busy and rarely around, leaving the large Wilson family home to just her, Daniel, and Renee.

But Daniel needed to rest and recover, sticking to a strict schedule, and Renee was confined to a wheelchair or resting indoors.

As for Isabella, being pregnant meant she spent most of her time eating and sleeping, and she noticed her waistline expanding.

She wanted to walk around the garden and do some light exercise, but Daniel stopped her immediately.

He said her movements were too exaggerated and could harm the baby.

Isabella looked at the yoga mat under her feet and sighed.

No matter how many times she explained to Daniel that it was just basic exercise, he saw it as her risking the baby's safety.

She wasn't jumping around, just moving a bit. She couldn't believe the baby was that fragile.

But seeing Daniel's serious expression, she gave in.

Daniel was still recovering, and she didn't want to upset him.

If she couldn't exercise, so be it.

She decided to visit Renee for a chat.

Knocking on the door, she found Renee sitting on the bed, looking out at the sun with a calm expression.

"Renee, you've been lying down for days. Don't you feel uncomfortable? How about I have someone take you outside for a walk?"

Isabella knew how boring it was to be stuck at home, so she figured Renee must be going stir-crazy.

Renee must be on the verge of breaking down.

"No, the doctor said I should avoid moving around too much and rest."

Renee smiled gently and patted the chair by the bed, inviting Isabella to sit.

"Ms. Taylor, are you bored? Why not sit here and chat? I can't go out, but I'm grateful you visit me every day."

After a few days of rest, Renee's external injuries had mostly healed. Only her head and right leg still needed time to recover.

She occasionally went out in a wheelchair when the weather was nice, but most of her time was spent indoors.

###chapter 323 Won't Leave Without Seeing Renee

The weather had been getting colder lately, and Renee didn't want to bother anyone to push her outside anymore. She was perfectly happy staying indoors.

"Renee, we agreed to call each other by our first names. Just call me Isabella, no need for Ms. Taylor!"

Isabella didn't like how Renee always treated her so formally, like she was some kind of hero every time they met.

They were about the same age, and while the formal address was fine at first, it started to feel awkward over time.

"Alright, Isabella, I just forgot for a moment," Renee said with a smile.

"What are you two whispering about? Keeping secrets from me now?" Daniel hadn't seen Isabella and figured she must have come over to see Renee again.

But Isabella was right; Renee was sensible.

Despite being around the same age as Isabella, Renee had a mature demeanor that complemented Isabella's personality. No wonder they always had so much to talk about.

"Grandpa, Renee and I were thinking about watching a show to pass the time. What about you? Why aren't you watching your TV shows in the living room?" Isabella asked.

Lately, Daniel couldn't understand what Isabella and Renee were talking about, so he spent his days in the living room trying to catch up on the latest entertainment trends for young people.

Hearing this, Renee couldn't help but laugh. Daniel always watched TV with the volume turned up high, and sometimes she could hear the plot from her room. But Daniel would always seriously ask what the main characters were talking about. It was quite amusing.

"Oh, forget it. I can't understand you young folks. They drag out a romance for a hundred episodes before resolving a misunderstanding. It's too much trouble," Daniel waved his hand, getting more frustrated the more he watched, his blood pressure rising.

"Grandpa, you can't just give up like that. How about I teach you how to follow celebrities?" Isabella suggested.

Older people needed to engage with new things to avoid sitting around and overthinking.

Daniel pointed a finger at her, "Do you think I'm a teenager? Those kids are younger than you. Why would I be interested in them?"

Daniel, the renowned Gambling King, doing something so childish? It would be laughable!

"No way, Grandpa. Lots of older people follow celebrities now. I can teach you. You can read news online, watch variety shows, and at least recognize their faces," Isabella said, picking up her tablet to show Daniel how to use Facebook and keep up with the latest news and trends, including fashion.

Daniel, with his poor eyesight, put on glasses and followed Isabella's instructions. Just as he was getting the hang of it, a servant came to remind him to take his medicine.

Isabella handed him the tablet and helped him out, "Grandpa, take your time with this. If you have questions, ask me or Renee."

"Alright," Daniel said, a bit confused as he left.

Isabella watched him take his medicine without looking away from the tablet and couldn't help but laugh. Turning around, she saw Renee's helpless expression.

"Mr. Wilson is completely wrapped around your finger. Making an eighty-year-old man follow celebrities and watch variety shows? What are you thinking?" Renee asked.

Isabella shrugged, not seeing the problem. Daniel had worked hard all his life for his six children and the entire family. Now that he was older, he didn't need that pressure anymore. He should enjoy himself.

But she had a bit of a selfish motive. Sitting next to Renee, she said, "You don't know how strict Grandpa has been with me lately. He won't let me move much, eat certain things, or even have some cold fruit. I just want to distract him a bit so he doesn't focus on me so much. Otherwise, I won't be able to eat anything."

Renee shook her head, "Mr. Wilson is worried about you. You're pregnant, after all. You need to take care of yourself."

Isabella knew that, but she was trying to find a way for both of them to relax. Pregnancy wasn't a short-term thing, and with five more months to go, she needed a break from Daniel's constant watch.

"I know he's worried, so I want him to experience new things and see there's more to the world," Isabella said just as someone knocked on the door.

"Ms. Taylor, the security outside says there's a man here to see Ms. Faith. He seems very anxious."

A man? Isabella frowned. Only the Wilson family knew about Renee's situation and her stay with them. Who could be looking for her now?

"Did he say who he is?" Isabella asked.

"He said his name is Hill, and Ms. Faith would want to see him."

Aaron? He's back!

Isabella instinctively looked at Renee, who showed a moment of surprise before regaining her composure.

"Renee, do you want to see him?" Isabella asked. It was a matter of their relationship, and she didn't want to interfere.

Renee glanced out at the yard, lost in thought for a moment before shaking her head. "No, let him go. There's no point in seeing him. We have no future together."

Renee hadn't forgotten her identity or the day she was chased. Someone like her didn't deserve to have feelings.

Isabella knew Renee had her reasons and didn't push further. She got up and left with the servant.

The room fell silent. Renee looked at the darkening sky, thinking Aaron would surely leave after her refusal.

But after a nap, she woke to find Isabella and the servant standing by her bed.

"Isabella, what are you doing?" Renee asked, still groggy and surprised.

Isabella got straight to the point, "Aaron is still waiting outside."

The servant looked troubled, "While you were asleep, Ms. Taylor and I told Mr. Hill your decision, but he refused to leave. He said he must see you today or he'll stay at the door."

"Why does he think I'll see him? If he wants to stand there, let him. I'm not seeing him," Renee said stubbornly, angered by Aaron's persistence.

###chapter 324 Heartache

Isabella watched the scene unfold, feeling like she was looking at a reflection of her past self.

Back then, she had also decided to give up on Michael, swearing to herself that she would never look back.

But these could fool others, not herself.

When you cared about someone, it was not something you could just cut off with a single sentence.

However, she knew better than to get involved. Matters of the heart were complicated, and even if an outsider saw through it, they couldn't just spell it out.

They needed to figure it out on their own, step by step.

But, would it really snow today?

An hour later, the sky darkened, and a strong wind picked up, soon bringing heavy snow.

Isabella blinked in surprise. The weather forecast had been spot on.

She wondered if Aaron was still standing at the door.

Walking to the courtyard and looking towards the gate, Isabella saw the black car still parked there, with Aaron standing rigidly beside it.

The car was right there, but he showed no intention of getting inside to wait.

Isabella admired this about him.

To see Renee, he was showing his sincerity.

And over the past few years, Aaron had been working for Michael, and she hadn't heard of him having a girlfriend.

For him to go to such lengths for Renee, it seemed like he was genuinely in love.

Suddenly, Isabella saw Aaron sway.

She had a servant bring a tablet to check the surveillance at the gate. Aaron, dressed in a thin suit, was already turning blue from the cold.

His hands were clenched tightly, clearly suffering from the biting wind.

If this continued, he would surely get sick.

Just then, Daniel, having heard about the situation outside, came over with the help of a servant and saw Aaron on the tablet.

He immediately exclaimed, "Isabella, isn't that Michael's assistant Aaron? You should ask Renee to reconsider. No matter how much they argue, she can't leave Aaron out in the cold like this. If he really gets sick, it won't be a small matter."

Isabella thought the same. Who would have thought Aaron would actually wait outside for so long?

If Aaron got frostbite at the Wilson Family's place, she would be responsible, and she wouldn't be able to explain it to Michael.

But Aaron was here to see Renee, and if Renee didn't agree, she couldn't just let Aaron in secretly.

At that moment, Aaron suddenly dropped to his knees outside the gate.

He shouted towards the door, "Renee, I know you're in there. Please, let me see you."

Aaron used all his strength.

But the Wilson Family's house was equipped with the highest level of soundproofing technology by Atticus, so Renee inside couldn't hear him at all.

However, Isabella and Daniel heard him clearly in the courtyard.

Seeing Aaron's desperate plea on the tablet, Isabella couldn't help but feel soft-hearted.

Thinking about how Aaron had helped her many times while working for Michael, she decided to repay the favor.

Isabella came up with a plan to have a servant secretly open the gate, letting Aaron in and pretending not to know.

But before she could execute her plan, a calm and gentle voice came from the hall.

"Isabella, let him in. He won't give up otherwise."

Isabella was stunned and turned around to see Renee, now sitting in a wheelchair, being pushed out by a servant.

She had heard Aaron's shout.

"Renee, are you really willing to see him?"

Isabella felt a mix of guilt and relief. If she had spoken up, it would have been truly awkward to be caught by Renee.

Renee sighed, looking at Isabella with a guilty expression. "He's Michael's man. If something happens to him here, how would you explain it to Mr. Brown?"

She already felt like a burden to Isabella by staying at the Wilson Family's place and didn't want to add more responsibility.

Her words were innocent, but Daniel couldn't help but frown.

Renee and Aaron arguing was one thing, but why were Isabella and Michael being so formal with each other?

They were husband and wife!

No matter what, Michael wouldn't blame Isabella. Why would she need to explain? Aaron was just an assistant anyway.

It seemed a bit odd.

Isabella was startled and quickly gave Renee a look, hurriedly saying, "I don't need to explain anything to Michael. He should be grateful he's not here to coax me. Renee, if you want to see Aaron, I'll let him in right now."

With that, Isabella quickly instructed the servant to call Aaron in and helped Daniel to the hall.

She was afraid Aaron might say something wrong and arouse Daniel's suspicion.

Twenty minutes later, Aaron, having changed into the clothes the servant brought, followed the directions to Renee's room.

He took a deep breath, thinking about how to explain his sudden trip abroad and his recent disappearance.

Inside, he heard the voice he missed the most, "Come in."

Aaron's heart tightened. He gripped the handle and realized the door was ajar. With a gentle push, it opened.

In the elegantly decorated room, Renee sat in a wheelchair, wearing a white loungewear set with a gray blanket over her legs.

Seeing him enter, she slowly wheeled herself from the window.

Even in her worst state, she didn't want him to see her lying in bed, looking lifeless.

"Aaron, you came after all."

Renee's voice was calm, but the confidence and brightness in her eyes were gone.

Aaron felt a sharp pain in his chest, making it hard to breathe.

In just ten days, she had lost so much weight.

Michael had sent him her medical report: head injury, broken right leg, multiple abrasions.

But those were just words on a paper. Seeing her in person, he couldn't forgive himself.

Why did he leave her at that time?

Why did he go abroad when she needed him the most, leaving her alone?

"Renee, I..." Aaron choked up, unable to speak.

He had betrayed her trust.

Abroad, to avoid exposure, he used a fake identity Michael arranged and had a new phone.

When he returned and got his phone back, he saw three missed calls from her, and it felt like a lightning strike.

Each call was a cry for help, but he hadn't responded.

He took a deep breath, walked to Renee, and knelt down, his eyes red as he held her hand.

"Renee, I'm sorry I'm late!"

Renee instinctively turned her face away. She didn't want him to see her vulnerability or drag him into her troubles again.

"It's not your fault. No one could have predicted this... But Aaron, let's break up."

###chapter 325 Isabella in Trouble

From the moment the Adri Family sent assassins after her, Renee knew she had to make a decision.

She could face death, but she couldn't drag innocent people into this chaos.

She couldn't handle the burden of this relationship, and she couldn't let Aaron risk his life for her.

"No way!"

Aaron gripped her hand tightly, his eyes filled with determination as he looked at Renee. "I'm not letting you go like this. I love you. It's not some fleeting feeling. I want you by my side for the rest of my life, just you."

"Renee, I know you're mad at me. I can't even forgive myself for leaving you. When I found out you were hurt, you have no idea how terrified I was."

"Now that I'm back, even if you hit me or scream at me, I'm not letting you go."

Aaron's heartfelt words almost made Renee falter.

But when she looked at her legs and the scars on her body, she steeled herself and pulled her hand away from his.

She forced herself to push Aaron away.

"Aaron, it's too late. When I was in danger and called you, you weren't there. If Isabella hadn't saved me, I would've died on the street."

Renee closed her eyes. "I met you today to tell you that it's impossible between us. We're from different worlds. Instead of suffering later, it's better to part ways now. This way, it's better for both of us. I've said everything I needed to. You should go."

Renee unceremoniously asked Aaron to leave.

But Aaron shook his head, refusing to believe it. "Renee, please give me another chance. I know I messed up. I'll spend the rest of my life making it up to you, okay?"

"I don't need you to make it up to me. I don't want you by my side. Just leave!"

Renee bit her lip, turned her body away, and pointed towards the door.

She had made up her mind. No matter how much Aaron begged, she wouldn't soften.

Love was something to yearn for, but right now, even living was a luxury for her. What right did she have to talk about love?

"Renee, do you really not have any feelings for me at all?" Aaron stood up with a bitter smile. "Or do you think I, Aaron, have no sense of responsibility in your heart? I love you, and I will always consider your future. But you only think about pushing me away."

"I won't give up. No matter what happens, I'll stand by your side. You can always trust me."

"I'll come back!"

With that, he gave her a deep look and walked towards the door.

But the next second, there was a thud on the soft carpet.

Aaron collapsed straight to the ground.

Renee, with her back to him, didn't know what had happened. Hearing the sound, she turned around and saw the scene before her.

She was immediately frightened and cried out.

"Aaron! What's wrong with you? Don't scare me."

Renee instinctively wanted to help him up, but her legs couldn't support her. In her haste, she fell out of her wheelchair.

Ignoring the pain, she crawled on the floor and shouted outside, "Isabella, Mr. Wilson, someone, help!"

"Renee!" Isabella, worried that the two might argue and hurt Renee, had been waiting in the hall. She didn't expect Renee to be the one calling for help.

When she pushed open the door, she saw Aaron unconscious on the floor and Renee beside him.

Both of them lying on the ground looked strange.

"What happened? How did you both end up on the floor?"

Isabella was puzzled.

She knew Renee would reject Aaron, but she didn't expect him to be so heartbroken that he'd pretend to be dead.

"Isabella, quick, call 911. Aaron suddenly fainted."

Renee couldn't care about anything else. She was only worried about Aaron's health.

"What?"

Isabella finally realized what was happening. Aaron had been standing outside for hours. Could he have caught a fever?

She had the servants help Renee back to bed. Isabella touched Aaron's forehead and immediately winced.

He was burning up.

How long had he been holding on, not saying anything despite such a high fever?

"What's wrong? Does he have a fever?" Renee asked anxiously.

"Yeah, and it's very serious. He needs to go to the hospital."

Isabella frowned.

The family doctor could treat him, but Aaron's condition seemed like a sudden high fever. It was safer to go to the hospital.

"Then I'm going too!"

Renee tried to get out of bed, but Isabella stopped her. "Don't be ridiculous. Your legs can't walk yet. If those people find out about you, it'll be like handing yourself over."

"Then what should we do?"

Isabella glanced at Aaron and gritted her teeth. "I'll go!"

"No!" Renee's face changed. "Isabella, you're one of their targets. Bianca failed last time. She must be waiting for another chance. And you're pregnant. You can't go!"

"It's fine. I have a dozen bodyguards with me. I'm just going to the hospital, not anywhere else."

"But..."

Renee tried to grab her, but Isabella patted her hand. "Enough. Now's not the time to waste. He's burning up!"

If they kept arguing, Aaron might really become brain-damaged from the fever.

That finally shut Renee up.

"Alright, I'll take care of him. I'll have him taken to the hospital now. If Grandpa asks, just make up an excuse."

Isabella called the bodyguards to take Aaron to the car.

She followed in another car with trusted bodyguards.

Snow was still falling outside. The cars moved slowly until they reached the main road and began to speed up.

At that moment, an inconspicuous black sedan merged into traffic, following Isabella's car.

As Isabella's car turned a corner, a group of motorcycles appeared out of nowhere, blocking the two cars.

Revving their engines, they surrounded the cars. Within minutes, the motorcycles disappeared.

And so did Isabella.

The bodyguards realized something was wrong, but it was too late.

They immediately called Atticus to report.

Their main duty was to protect Isabella. If she disappeared, they couldn't bear the consequences.

Isabella was the Wilson Family's cherished daughter, the wife of Michael, the CEO of the Brown Group.

If something happened to her, they couldn't afford the responsibility.

###chapter 326 The Lead is Gone

The Wilson Group

Atticus was in the conference room, listening to the annual report, when his phone buzzed. It was his bodyguard. He stood up immediately.

"What? Isabella's missing?"

Atticus's face went pale, and Emilio, the company's vice president sitting next to him, noticed. He watched as Atticus quickly left the room.

Emilio followed him out.

The company had been swamped lately, and Emilio, as vice president, hadn't had much time to check in on Isabella. He'd heard she was back at the Wilson Family estate to recover.

He hadn't seen her in a while.

And now, out of nowhere, she was missing!

"I told you, your job is to protect Ms. Taylor. How could you lose her? What good are you?"

"Keep looking. If you don't find Isabella, don't bother coming back."

Atticus was visibly shaken, his hands trembling as he hung up the phone.

They'd taken every precaution, but those people still wouldn't leave Isabella alone.

"Mr. Wilson, let me come with you. I can't just sit here knowing Isabella's in trouble. An extra pair of hands might help."

Atticus was usually the picture of calm, both at work and outside. Seeing him this rattled was a rare sight.

It was clear how serious Isabella's situation was.

How could he just stay put?

Hearing Emilio's offer, Atticus took a deep breath.

He glanced back at the conference room, then patted Emilio on the shoulder. "Listen, the company needs you here. I'll handle Isabella's situation. Don't worry too much."

With that, Atticus left the company, his face set in determination.

On the way, Atticus watched the surveillance footage on his tablet, tracking Isabella from the Wilson Family estate until the last sighting of a suspicious black sedan.

But the other party was clearly prepared. The car's rear license plate was fake, and they couldn't trace it.

Atticus immediately began tracking the car through the city's roads.

When they finally found the car, it was at the foot of a mountain, burned to a shell.

The ground was littered with the remnants of the fire.

"Mr. Wilson, what do we do now?"

Their only lead was gone. Where could they find Isabella?

Looking at the charred remains of the car and the scorched earth, Atticus clenched his fists.

He wouldn't let those who hurt Isabella get away.

No matter what, he would find her.

Just then, Holden called. "Atticus, don't worry about Isabella. I'll explain to Dad. You focus on finding her."

Atticus realized he had been so focused on finding Isabella that he had forgotten about Daniel at home.

Isabella was staying with the Wilson Family. If she didn't return that night, Daniel would definitely get suspicious.

His health had just improved. If he found out Isabella was missing, he might faint from the shock.

"Holden, Dad can't handle any stress. Don't tell him about Isabella's situation. Keep the news from everyone, including the servants and bodyguards."

"Got it." Holden was already on his way to the Wilson Family home.

Holden had contacted Atticus as soon as he got the news from the bodyguards. Now that Atticus was handling the situation, he needed to keep Daniel calm.

When he arrived home, he found Daniel in the living room, chatting with the injured Renee.

The topic of conversation was Isabella.

"Mr. Wilson, Isabella only took Aaron to the hospital because I was hurt. Please don't blame her. I couldn't move, so I had to ask for her help."

Isabella had told Renee to make up an excuse if Daniel asked about her whereabouts.

Renee took the blame. Daniel had treated her and Isabella equally well during this time.

She couldn't lie.

And every time she saw Daniel, she was reminded of her own grandfather.

Her grandfather had passed away long ago.

His greatest wish was to see her get into her dream college and do what she loved.

But no one had expected that just as she was on the path to success, earning a spot to study abroad and further her research, the Adri Family had targeted her work.

They had threatened her family, forcing her to stay in their research facility.

She had to develop special medicines for them.

She had hoped that once she completed the research, they would release her. But then Bianca had discovered her and chosen her as a subordinate.

After that, she had followed Bianca back to the country, obeying her orders without question.

Her thoughts raced as she looked at her immobile legs and sighed.

She couldn't protect her family, nor could she protect herself.

Renee's sincerity made Daniel unable to blame her. He knew Isabella too well.

If a friend was in trouble, Isabella wouldn't just stand by.

"Renee, don't blame yourself. Isabella has people with her. She'll be back soon."

"But what about Aaron? He stood out in the cold for so long. Make sure to call and check on him."

Daniel was very understanding. Instead of blaming Renee, he tried to ease her relationship with Aaron.

"I will, Mr. Wilson. I'll call him soon."

Holden arrived as they were chatting.

Daniel was holding a tablet, watching a variety show.

Holden couldn't help but tease, "Dad, you're really keeping up with the times, watching variety shows?"

Daniel gave him a mock glare. "You have the nerve to say that? None of you are ever home. Only Isabella and Renee keep me company. Without them, I'd be overwhelmed by boredom."

Mentioning Isabella, Holden's expression changed. To avoid Daniel noticing, he joined the conversation.

With Renee and Holden's company, Daniel quickly shifted his attention.

He even brought up Holden's age and the need for him to start dating.

Seeing people his age with girlfriends, even Michael's assistant Aaron had found someone as good as Renee.

Holden wasn't lacking. Why hadn't he brought home a girlfriend?

Thinking about it gave Daniel a headache.

He used to think they'd change their minds with age, but after his illness, he had to consider their futures.

But Atticus wouldn't listen, Kian and Holden had their own ideas, and Orion and Thomas were always abroad.

Seeing them was hard enough, let alone getting them to get girlfriends.

###chapter 327 Revenge on Two People

Hospital

After being rushed to the ER, Aaron was diagnosed with a high fever-induced coma and was admitted to the hospital.

As he slowly regained consciousness after receiving an IV drip, he overheard a hushed conversation nearby before he even opened his eyes.

"If it weren't for saving him, Ms. Taylor wouldn't have been targeted. He risked his life for a relationship and dragged Ms. Taylor into it. Where can we even find justice for this?"

"Exactly. If he hadn't insisted on seeing his girlfriend, Ms. Taylor wouldn't have been kidnapped and gone missing. It's all his fault."

"If we don't find her tonight, none of us will be able to go back."

Aaron struggled to open his eyes, pressing a hand to his forehead.

What had he just heard?

Did they say Isabella was missing?

The thought jolted Aaron upright, his brows furrowed as he looked at the two bodyguards in the room.

"Did I hear you right? You're talking about Isabella Wilson?"

"But Mrs. Brown was fine at the Wilson Family. How could she suddenly disappear?"

Aaron's mind was still on the scene where Isabella had let him into the Wilson Family to reunite with Renee. She was clearly there, so how could this happen?

Did Michael know?

The bodyguards, seeing him awake, showed no kindness.

"You have the nerve to ask? If we hadn't brought you to the hospital, Ms. Taylor wouldn't have been kidnapped. This is all because of you."

"If anything happens to Ms. Taylor, the entire Wilson Family won't let you off."

"Enough, stop talking like that!" The other bodyguard nudged his partner with an elbow. "Ms. Taylor is a lucky person; nothing will happen to her. Stop saying such things."

With that, the bodyguard glanced at Aaron, who was now able to move on his own, and decided not to waste any more time.

"Since you're awake, our job here is done. We need to go back and find Ms. Taylor. We're not staying here with you."

The bodyguards left, and Aaron, his mind in chaos, immediately grabbed his phone to call Michael.

"Mr. Brown, it's bad. Mrs. Brown has been kidnapped. She's missing!"

"How could she just disappear? Aaron, you better know what you're talking about!"

Michael's voice on the other end of the line was explosive until Aaron confirmed again, "It's true, Mr. Brown. I heard it directly from Mrs. Brown's bodyguards."

Michael didn't hesitate any longer and quickly mobilized his people to search for Isabella.

No matter the cost, he had to find her safely.

Michael's first suspect was the missing Bianca.

Bianca had always seen Isabella as an enemy, but back then, she had Harper and Indigo to consider.

Since the Wilson Family had Harper and Indigo sentenced to death, Bianca's hatred for Isabella had only deepened.

But Michael was more concerned about whether Bianca was acting alone or if she had the support of the Adri Family.

Despite his suspicions, he had never found concrete evidence of Bianca's contact with the Adri Family.

These were all just his guesses.

But he needed to find Isabella quickly. He couldn't let her suffer any more harm.

Meanwhile, in a building adjacent to the Brown Group, a tall figure stood by a large floor-to-ceiling window.

Looking at the top floor of the Brown Group building, he shook his head.

"Isabella, even when things get this bad, you still won't ask for help?"

"Even though you keep pushing me away, there's no way I'd let you be in danger."

The man turned around, revealing a familiar handsome face.

If Aiden were here, he would recognize him immediately.

It was Felix, the grandson of Aiden's old friend, and also known as Shadow, a friend Isabella had met during a mission.

In the top-floor office across the way, Michael paced anxiously.

Suddenly, his phone buzzed with a message from an anonymous sender.

[Isabella is in a warehouse at 39 South Suburb.]

Seeing the message, Michael's eyes narrowed.

He didn't know who sent it, but he could tell it wasn't malicious.

He was familiar with the location.

It was where he had once had Bianca tied up to teach her a lesson before sending her to Auroria.

He had suspected Bianca was behind this.

Choosing this location was her way of telling him she wanted revenge not just on Isabella, but on him too.

Bianca's motive was clear: if she couldn't be happy, no one else could either.

But he couldn't underestimate human nature.

With Indigo and Harper's deaths and his abandonment, Bianca was on the brink of collapse. He couldn't predict what harm Isabella might suffer in her hands.

It had been two hours since Isabella went missing. He had to get there quickly.

Warehouse at 39 South Suburb.

This property belonged to the Brown Group but had been abandoned after a new factory was built.

Over time, it had fallen into disuse.

A red sports car sped to a stop outside the warehouse.

A guard quickly approached and opened the car door.

Bianca stepped out in a white coat and high heels, removing her sunglasses with a raised eyebrow.

"Where is she?"

The guard nodded. "She's inside, tied to a chair as you instructed."

"Good."

Bianca's eyes gleamed as she walked in, the familiar surroundings bringing back memories.

She clenched her fists, recalling the day Michael's men had brought her here. She had begged for mercy, but no one responded.

The person she had believed would save her had pushed her into another abyss.

During her time abroad, she had thought she would die every day until she met someone who pulled her out of the mire.

Michael, whom she loved most, had tied her up and sent her abroad. She had been ready to forgive him and start anew.

But he had fallen for that bitch Isabella.

She wanted revenge on Isabella and Michael.

Knowing Isabella was tied up inside filled her with a twisted satisfaction. 'Isabella, you're finally in my hands.'

###chapter 328 They Both Should Die

Bianca walked up to the door and kicked open the rusty iron gate.

Inside, Isabella was tied up, her hands and feet bound, just like Bianca had been once.

The suffering she endured, Isabella would now experience it too.

And she would feel it twice as much.

"Miss Wilson of the Wilson Family, wife of the CEO of the Brown Group, Isabella, let's see what you have to be so proud of now," Bianca sneered, stepping closer to Isabella, feeling a rush of satisfaction.

She had fantasized about this moment countless times, and now it was finally happening.

With just a word from her, Isabella's life or death was in her hands. The feeling was exhilarating.

"Bianca, why kidnap me? What do you want from me?" Isabella demanded, still in shock. She had thought some unknown enemy had kidnapped her, but seeing Bianca made everything clear.

"Kidnap?" Bianca laughed coldly, spreading her hands in a mock-innocent gesture. "I didn't have anyone kidnap you. My people must have misunderstood my instructions. I merely asked them to 'invite' you for a chat. Who knew they'd be so enthusiastic and tie you up here? There's nothing I can do about it."

Isabella felt a wave of nausea at Bianca's fake innocence. Even now, she was still pretending?

"Bianca, you're as shameless as ever. Without your orders, would your people have tied me up like this? I'm pregnant, and you still tied me up. What do you want?"

She had been on guard against a mysterious enemy for so long, only to be targeted by Bianca while she was heading to the hospital. Now she was stuck in this dark, damp place.

All she could hope for was that Daniel wouldn't find out. His health was fragile, and he was still recovering. If he knew she had been kidnapped, it would surely upset him.

She prayed in her heart, 'Please, God, don't let Daniel find out about this.'

Bianca, however, ignored Isabella's questions, her gaze fixed on Isabella's belly. Isabella was wearing a thick down jacket, but the bulge was unmistakable.

Isabella's eyes were filled with hatred. Why did Isabella get all the good things in life while she got nothing?

She had loved Michael for so many years, waited for him for so long, and now Isabella was carrying his child?

She had tried so hard, done everything to get close to him, to marry him. But Michael wouldn't even touch her!

Thinking about the false promises and tenderness, Bianca couldn't control herself. She walked up to Isabella, her eyes locked on her belly.

If she couldn't have it, neither would Isabella.

As long as this bastard child was gone, Michael would come back to her.

Bianca's red nails slowly reached out, touching Isabella's swollen belly, her eyes narrowing with malice.

"What are you doing?" Isabella's face turned pale as she realized Bianca was targeting her child.

"Take your hands off my baby," she demanded, but with her hands and feet bound, she couldn't move, only watch as Bianca's hand roamed over her belly.

Cold sweat broke out all over her body.

Bianca had always taken everything from her, from toys and food to her room, her family, and her man.

Since the day she married Michael, Bianca's eyes had never left him. For three years, her marriage had always included a third person, Bianca.

Now that she was pregnant with Michael's child, she must hate Isabella very much.

But the child was innocent.

"Bianca, I know you hate me. Do whatever you want to me, I won't resist. But you can't touch my child. If anything happens to my baby, I won't let you get away with it, even if I die."

To Isabella, nothing was more important than her child. She couldn't let anything happen to the baby.

But her words had no effect on Bianca. Bianca wouldn't spare the child, nor would she spare Isabella. They both deserved to die.

Bianca sneered, "Isabella, you still carry that rich girl arrogance everywhere you go. Look at your situation now. Tell me, how will you get revenge on me if you're dead?"

"But right now, I need to decide whether to kill you first or your child."

As she spoke, she continued to scrutinize Isabella's body.

A mocking smile played on her lips. "Isabella, I really underestimated you. No wonder you managed to seduce Michael. Your body under those clothes is quite something."

"I've heard that pregnant women change in many ways, but you've been pregnant for so long, and your skin is still so smooth and your figure hasn't changed much, except for your belly. You're exactly the type of woman men like."

Bianca's voice was calm, as if they were chatting in a café. But the calmer she was, the more panicked Isabella felt.

Bianca had gone to great lengths to bring her here. She couldn't just do nothing. This calmness was more likely her way of figuring out how to torture her more effectively.

With Bianca's people outside, there was no way she could escape.

Bianca wasn't in a hurry.

Isabella bit her lip, forcing herself to stay calm. She had bodyguards with her before she disappeared. If something happened to her, Atticus and Holden would come looking for her immediately.

All she had to do was buy time until they arrived.

"Bianca, I have no grudge against you. Why are you doing this to me?"

Even if she was going to die, she wanted to know why.

Growing up, Harper and Indigo had always favored Bianca, taking everything from her. She lost her mother at seven and was constantly bullied in the Taylor Family. It was more reasonable for her to hate Bianca.

"At this point, you still have the nerve to ask that? Isabella, should I call you naive or just plain stupid!"

Bianca mocked her without mercy. "Our biggest grudge is that you took everything that was supposed to be mine-my parents, my home, and the man I love, Michael."

If it weren't for Isabella, all of this would have been hers.

Now, in this situation, how could she not hate?

Bianca's words made Isabella realize that Bianca was no longer rational.

But she couldn't risk provoking Bianca now. For her child's safety and her own, she had to hold on until Atticus and the others arrived.

"You say I took everything from you, but think about it. From childhood, everything that was mine, you took from me."

Isabella spoke calmly about their childhood, trying to make Bianca see who the real victim was.

"The first day you came to the Taylor Family, you wanted my room. Then it was my toys. Everything I liked, you took. Did I ever fight you for it?"

###chapter 329 Just Michael? I'll Give Him to You

Who would have thought that Bianca not only showed no remorse but also blamed everything on Isabella?

"Who do you think you are, accusing me of taking those things?"

"Isabella, don't forget, your mom's gone. My mom's the lady of the house now. Naturally, those things belong to us. Even Dad can't stand you. You're just an unwanted orphan. There's no place for you in the Taylor family."

Bianca's tone and smug expression were eerily similar to Harper's.

The selfish nature of the mother and daughter was strikingly alike.

"Because of you, I've been labeled the child of a mistress, pointed at wherever I go. If it weren't for you and your wretched mother Grace, I wouldn't be looked down upon."

Seeing the madness in Bianca's eyes, Isabella felt a surge of anger but kept her face calm, as if nothing had happened.

"Bianca, what you're saying is exactly what I want to tell you. If Harper hadn't interfered in my parents' marriage, our family would be living happily now. All the evil stems from Harper's greed."

"You think being labeled the child of a mistress is unfair, but what about me? I lost my mother when I was young, and now I've lost my father too. Am I not innocent?"

Memories flashed through Isabella's mind like fragments.

She hadn't forgotten what Indigo said to her before he died. He asked her to spare Bianca for the sake of her still having the Wilson family.

But he didn't realize that while she promised to spare Bianca, Bianca had no intention of sparing her.

Now, she was the one kidnapped and being in danger.

"Isabella, how do you have the nerve to mention Dad?"

Bianca's eyes reddened with anger as she glared at Isabella. "You killed them. You sent them to court and forced them to their deaths. You orchestrated all of this, and now you're pretending to be the good guy?"

"If you hadn't used the Wilson Group's power to investigate, my parents wouldn't have died. You took away my family and my home."

"I swore that one day I would avenge my parents!"

"Only someone as heartless as you could sleep soundly every night. Every night since their deaths, I've dreamed of them, their faces covered in blood, begging me to avenge them. Do you know how I've endured these days?"

She wanted to kill Isabella with her own hands.

Only then would her parents rest in peace.

Indigo and Harper's deaths were deserved, but Bianca blamed it all on her. Isabella's worldview was shattered.

According to Bianca, Grace's wrongful death years ago didn't matter?

Harper's life was valuable, but wasn't Grace's?

Isabella finally saw clearly that Bianca's madness wasn't caused by external factors; it was her own twisted worldview.

This was the real Bianca.

Selfish, arrogant, and vicious to the core.

These were traits she had learned from Harper over the years.

So, there was no need to hold back. "Indigo and Harper conspired to kill my mom. Their deaths were deserved. I did nothing wrong! And Bianca, do you really want to avenge them?"

Isabella's lips curled into a mocking smile. She hadn't forgotten Indigo's dying wish to see Bianca.

"If you truly loved your parents, would you have refused to see them one last time?"

Despite them both being his biological daughters, Indigo only cared about Bianca until his death.

Even though she was right there, he showed no concern for her.

Maybe it was fate.

She had the love of Daniel and her uncles but would never experience the affection of her biological parents.

What Bianca discarded so easily was something she could only dream of.

"That was my decision, not yours."

Bianca narrowed her eyes, her tone icy. "They were already sentenced to death because of you. What could I do by going there? Watch them die?"

It wasn't that she didn't want to go; she just couldn't bear to see such cruelty.

And because of that, she hated Isabella even more.

Isabella had destroyed the Taylor family and her life.

She wanted Isabella to suffer all the pain she had endured before she died. Only then could she release the hatred in her heart.

Hearing this, Isabella finally understood one thing.

Bianca's thinking was too twisted. Talking to her was pointless.

She wouldn't listen and would only escalate the conflict.

Atticus and the others should be arriving soon. Isabella had to use her last resort.

"Bianca, the grudges of our parents' generation are over. There's no point in discussing right and wrong anymore. They're gone, and it doesn't matter."

"I know what you want from me. It's Michael, right? I'll give him to you!"

Isabella's tone was unusually calm. "As you can see, there's no love left between us, just the title of husband and wife. The only reason we haven't divorced is because of my grandfather. Even the child is because of him."

She had never told anyone this, but now she was willing to tell Bianca the truth.

Only by clarifying her relationship with Michael could she and her child have a chance.

But Isabella didn't expect that her heartfelt words would be taken as a blatant insult by Bianca.

Michael had no feelings for Isabella but was willing to be with her and give her a child.

Yet, despite Bianca's countless hints, Michael wouldn't touch her.

Seeing Isabella's face and her pregnant belly, Bianca wanted to stab her to death.

But she couldn't end it so quickly.

That would be too easy for Isabella.

Isabella was already tied up. Bianca could do whatever she wanted, however she wanted to torture her.

Suddenly, Bianca's gaze fell on Isabella's beautiful face, her red nails digging into her chin.

"Isabella, you're right. I do still like Michael."

She could say she loved only him.

If she could spend the rest of her life with Michael, she would give anything.

Even if Michael didn't love her, it wouldn't change her determination to have him.

She had loved Michael for so many years. How could she give up without having sex with him once?

She coldly stared at Isabella, having already found her weakness in her words.

"My dear Isabella, you say you and Michael have no feelings, yet you're pregnant with his child. Is that what you call not loving him?"

###chapter 330 I Want You to Sleep with Me

"I'd rather win Michael over myself than have you just hand him to me," Bianca said, her grip tightening as she stared at Isabella with a strange look in her eyes.

"If I call Michael right now and tell him you're with me, do you think he'd come?" Bianca's voice had a sinister edge.

"Bianca, what are you planning..." Isabella's voice trailed off, stunned by Bianca's next words.

"What do you think? I'm gonna do what I want with the man I love, right in front of you. You said you were giving Michael to me, so you shouldn't mind if we get a little intimate, should you?" Bianca pointed to a spot nearby, a smug smile playing on her lips.

"Right here, I want you to watch as Michael takes me, as we become one, and enjoy the most beautiful pleasure together."

Bianca's mind wandered to the passionate scenes she imagined with Michael, biting her lip in anticipation of the feeling of her hands on his broad shoulders.

"That feeling will be even better than I imagined."

Isabella couldn't control the nausea rising in her stomach as she listened to Bianca's shameless words and pictured the disgusting scene. She dry-heaved a few times, but Bianca didn't care.

As long as she could torment Isabella, Bianca was willing to try anything. And this wasn't just anyone; it was Michael, the man she loved. She saw it as a thrilling new venue for their games. After all, she'd seen it all during her time in Auroria.

Isabella took a deep breath, suppressing the bile in her throat, and glared at Bianca. "If you want to have sex with Michael, that's your business. I don't want to be sick."

But Bianca was already fixated on her twisted idea. She wasn't sure if Michael would come, but he should, right? After all, Isabella was carrying his child. No matter how much he disliked Isabella, he wouldn't abandon his own child, would he?

With that thought, a dark excitement bubbled up inside Bianca. She called in someone from outside and ordered, "Seal her mouth. I don't want to hear a sound from her."

She had important things to do and couldn't let Isabella disrupt her plans.

Meanwhile, Michael's phone rang as he led a group to the outskirts. Another unknown number. This time, he answered quickly, hearing Bianca's voice.

"Michael, it's me. Have you missed me?"

Michael jumped out of the car and hurried towards the warehouse, his patience with Bianca gone. "Bianca, I warn you, if you harm Isabella, you'll regret it for the rest of your life."

But Bianca wasn't afraid of Michael's threats. She just wanted to see him and make a deal.

"She's in my hands now, and I can do whatever I want. Michael, I've got some news for you. Isabella handed you over to save herself. From today, you're mine."

Bianca laughed at Isabella, "Isabella, is that right?" But she was gagged and couldn't make a sound.

Hearing Isabella was nearby, Michael's heart raced. "Isabella, is that you? Say something, let me know you're okay!"

Bianca scoffed, "Michael, don't waste your breath. She can't speak right now."

"What did you do to Isabella?" Michael's face turned pale with worry.

"Nothing much, just sealed her mouth to avoid hearing her annoying voice," Bianca said calmly. "And Michael, if you keep talking to me like this, I'll move her, and you'll never find her again."

"Bianca!" Michael gritted his teeth, lowering his voice. "What do you want? I'll do anything, just let her go."

He knew Bianca was capable of anything when she was crazy. He had to lower himself, even beg, to keep Isabella and the baby safe.

"That's better," Bianca laughed. "Michael, if you'd been like this earlier, I wouldn't have had to push you this far."

"I used to care about you so much, but now it's different. Now, you have Isabella in your heart. Do you think I can still love you like before?"

Michael stayed silent, knowing Bianca had a reason for calling. If he could find her weakness, he could save Isabella.

"I called for one reason," Bianca continued. "I want you to sleep with me."

Before Michael could protest, Bianca laid out her terms. "If you want Isabella and her baby to live, you'd better not refuse. Come alone to Warehouse 39 in the south suburbs. Someone will meet you there."

"And you have to spend the night with me, in front of Isabella. If you satisfy me, I'll let her go. Otherwise, prepare to bury Isabella and your child."

Bianca's words were vile. Isabella, unable to fight back, clenched her fists, the ropes binding her too tight to break free, only able to make muffled sounds of defiance.

Bianca continued on the phone, "Michael, you can save Isabella and the baby and have sex with me for free. It's a win for you, right?"

"Oh, and don't try anything under my watch. If I see you bring anyone, don't blame me for what happens."

"After all, I'm backed by the Adri Family. You know their power."

Hearing the name, Michael's eyes narrowed. The Adri Family had finally shown their hand. This confirmed that the mysterious family behind Bianca was the one trying to take over the Brown and Wilson family businesses.

So, no matter what Bianca demanded, he had to agree.

"Fine, I'll come alone."

"Wait!"

###chapter 331 Sacrificing Himself

Bianca suddenly had a thought and chuckled softly. "Michael, you agreed, so tonight's just like our wedding night. And since it's not just the two of us here, you can't just show up in any old thing. You need to dress up a bit."

Whether Michael wanted to have sex with her or not, the idea of him soon being hers made Bianca excited.

She could piss off Isabella and get Michael at the same time. It was a perfect plan.

"Alright!"

Michael's response was straightforward, though his voice grew deeper.

His goal now was to save Isabella. Whatever conditions Bianca set didn't matter; what mattered was seeing Isabella.

As long as he could rescue her, changing clothes was the least of his concerns. He'd even be willing to be a hostage if necessary.

But after hanging up, Michael suddenly remembered something.

Bianca's number had just called him. Who had sent that mysterious text message to his office earlier?

The message had matched Bianca's words exactly, and it had come half an hour earlier. Whoever sent it seemed more eager to save Isabella than he was. Who could it be?

Just as Michael was pondering this, a call from Isabella's uncle, Atticus, came in.

The Wilson family's bodyguards had been searching the city for nearly two hours without finding any trace of Isabella.

Atticus thought of Bianca and immediately called Michael.

Michael didn't dare hesitate when Atticus called. As soon as he answered, Atticus's voice boomed with anger.

"Michael, Isabella is missing, and that Bianca by your side is gone too. You better have an explanation for this!"

"If Isabella gets even a scratch, neither you nor that mistress of yours will survive. I, Atticus, mean what I say!"

Who was Isabella?

She was the Wilson family's little princess, cherished by everyone.

If it weren't for her involvement with Michael, she wouldn't be suffering like this, now kidnapped.

She was over three months pregnant. If anything happened to her, the Wilson family would never forgive Michael.

Michael realized that Atticus thought he and Bianca were involved.

After all, when Isabella first got pregnant, he had pretended to be Bianca's boyfriend to investigate her "plot."

He quickly tried to explain, "Atticus, let me explain."

Atticus didn't want to hear his excuses. "Enough talk. Can you find out where Isabella is?"

Atticus, the eldest son of the Wilson family, was always calm and composed, no matter the situation.

But now, with Isabella kidnapped and in danger, his composure was shattered. His eyes were red from the frantic two-hour search.

Otherwise, he wouldn't have turned to Michael.

For Isabella, he was willing to try anything.

Isabella wasn't just his beloved family member; she was also cherished the most by Daniel. And now she was carrying a child. If anything happened to her, Daniel would be the first to break.

Isabella, her child, and Daniel's life were all at stake.

He couldn't bear it.

No matter what it took, he had to bring Isabella home safely.

"Atticus, I know where Isabella is. I'm on my way with people."

Michael's voice was firm. "Don't worry, even if it costs me my life, I'll protect her and the baby."

He knew Atticus wouldn't believe him until Isabella was safe.

Only by rescuing Isabella would his words carry weight.

Ending the call, Michael instructed his team to stay on standby and wait for the right moment to move in.

He went to the trunk and changed into a black suit jacket. His pants and shoes were already black, so they matched.

He ran his fingers through his hair, not wanting Bianca to notice anything, but it wasn't exactly a meticulous grooming.

He was there to save Isabella, but Bianca's conditions made him frown deeply.

But nothing was more important than Isabella's safety.

Michael adjusted his jacket and walked alone toward the warehouse.

The area was vast, and it took him nearly ten minutes to reach the inside of the warehouse.

This place originally belonged to the Brown Group but had been abandoned for a long time, turning it into a no-man's land.

As he approached Warehouse 39, he saw Bianca's men guarding the entrance.

Seeing Michael alone, the two men in black didn't stop him. Instead, they opened the door for him.

Clearly, Bianca had given instructions.

The warehouses were all the same layout, and Michael had been here before, so he knew the layout well.

He headed straight for the small room inside.

He had once locked Bianca here, and knowing her desire for revenge, she would likely have locked Isabella in the same place.

Sure enough, as he walked further in, he saw lights.

Just as he was about to open the door to see Isabella, a slender figure blocked his way.

Bianca, with her meticulously made-up face, smiled seductively and placed her hand on his shoulder.

"Michael, don't be in such a hurry. Tonight is our wedding night, and we have plenty of time."

Bianca had changed into a sexy long dress before Michael arrived. It hugged her curves, with an off-the-shoulder design, revealing as much as possible.

Her goal tonight was to ignite Michael's desire.

Hearing Bianca's words, Michael's lips curled slightly, his eyes dark. "I think you're the one in a hurry, not me."

"I've already agreed to your terms and come alone. Isn't it a bit much to not let me see the hostage?"

Michael never thought that one day, as the CEO of the Brown Group, he would have to use his looks to save his wife and child.

But he had no choice but to agree, hoping to find a chance to rescue Isabella.

If he had to force himself to be with Bianca, it would be as good as death.

"Oh, Michael, why do you only have eyes for another woman now?"

Bianca pretended to be angry, holding his hand. "She's inside and won't run away. What are you afraid of? As long as you make me happy, I'll let you see her."

"Now, I want to dance a waltz with you. Consider it compensation for me, okay?"

During that yacht trip, she had prepared for a wonderful night with him, only to be drugged and passed out.

All her beautiful plans were ruined by Isabella, and she didn't even get to dance with Michael.

Just thinking about it made her seethe with anger.

So, she had a sexy dress delivered and even set up a bed, placed where Isabella could see it.

###chapter 332 Do You Want to Try?

As the music started, Bianca placed Michael's hand on her slender waist and nestled into his embrace.

They swayed gently, spinning in time with the music. Michael's movements were mechanical, his eyes fixed on the small door across the room.

When the song ended, Bianca couldn't help but be captivated by Michael's charm.

She was reminded of the time she spent by Michael's side under the alias "Violet."

He had been so gentle and considerate, allowing her unrestricted access to his office despite her intern status. His gaze was always filled with affection.

There was no way that Michael could have been pretending.

It had to be Isabella who seduced him, using the child to manipulate him, forcing him to abandon his love to "Violet."

It had to be.

"Michael, let's never be apart again, okay? I love you."

Bianca's eyes were dreamy as she caressed his face, lost in her fantasy.

Michael's gaze was cold, but he knew one thing for sure.

If Bianca wanted Isabella to see them being intimate, then Isabella had to be nearby.

He knew the layout of this place well, but there were too many rooms to determine Isabella's exact location immediately.

If he acted impulsively and Isabella wasn't here, it would alert her captors.

He pressed his lips together, looking at the dazed Bianca, and his voice softened.

"Okay, I'll do whatever you want. We won't be apart anymore."

He needed to keep Bianca calm to quickly find Isabella.

Bianca's eyes lit up at his words, and she threw herself into his arms, "I knew you loved me. I knew I wasn't wrong."

Michael's expression remained emotionless, but he pretended to affectionately stroke Bianca's head.

"Good girl, take me to see Isabella. I don't care about her, but the child she's carrying is mine."

Bianca was wary, but Michael's charm quickly swayed her.

"Are you serious? You don't love her, it's just about the child?"

Michael chuckled softly, his actions becoming more tender, "I agreed to do that on the phone, didn't I? Do you still doubt my sincerity?"

"I just want to make sure the child is safe, then I'll do whatever you want, okay?"

His final words successfully lowered Bianca's guard, and her eyes involuntarily glanced at one of the doors.

Michael didn't push, waiting for Bianca to open the door herself before following closely behind.

But the room only contained a large bed covered in red rose petals, which looked eerie under the harsh lighting.

Bianca didn't mind; this was the effect she wanted.

Soon, Isabella would have a front-row seat to watch her and Michael make love. The thought alone thrilled her.

Michael's face grew darker; there was no sign of Isabella in the room.

Had Bianca already moved her?

"Michael, what are you looking at? Do you like the scene I set up?"

She had paid a high price to have it arranged.

It was all for a special first time with Michael.

He turned to Bianca, raising an eyebrow, "Since you set it up, how could I not like it?"

Michael tried to keep his emotions in check, not letting Bianca see anything amiss.

"So, you enjoy a bit of excitement, huh? I want our time together to be unforgettable."

With Isabella as a comparison, she had to go for bold and thrilling.

Though it made her a bit embarrassed, she knew men secretly liked bold and fiery women. Michael was no exception.

"As long as it's with you, I like it, exciting or not. Besides, you've prepared everything, so why ask?"

Michael deliberately showed eagerness, lifting Bianca's chin to meet his suggestive gaze.

"Michael, do you really want to make love to me?"

Bianca blushed, lowering her head.

She thought Michael might be put off by her actions, but he seemed to understand her.

"Of course, but shouldn't you show me what you mean by 'in front of someone' first?"

"I don't see anyone else here. Where's the excitement in that? Where's Isabella? Did you send her away?"

Michael probed for information without showing his hand.

Bianca smirked, "Of course not. I arranged for her to 'observe.' Why would I let her go?"

With a clap of her hands, the black curtain on the opposite wall was pulled down, revealing a transparent glass window. Through it, Michael saw the person he had been longing for.

In the adjacent room, Isabella was bound, her hands and feet tied, her mouth gagged. She had heard their entire conversation.

She was forced to stand on a chair to see the scene.

She had thought Michael wouldn't come, but he did, and it was to make love to Bianca?

This jerk Michael only had sex on his mind!

But in Michael's eyes, despite Isabella being tightly bound, she seemed unharmed except for some dirt. Her belly was still rounded; the child was safe.

For the first time since entering, he felt a sense of relief.

"Michael, now that you've seen her, let's begin."

Bianca glanced at Isabella, deliberately undressing and pressing herself against him.

The rooms were close enough that Isabella's muffled sounds were clearly heard.

Michael's gaze shifted to her, and he noticed a hidden injury on her neck, a clear mark of strangulation.

No one but Bianca could have done this.

She had hurt Isabella?

Rage flared within him, though his face remained impassive, his grip on Bianca's waist tightened significantly.

"Ow, Michael, be gentle."

Bianca whimpered, collapsing against him, "What's wrong? You saw her and changed your mind? Are you feeling sorry for her?"

Her voice was still sweet, but her words were full of threat.

"Don't say I didn't warn you. Even though we're close to her, there are several people watching her. They're armed. If you try to save her, she'll be dead in seconds, and it won't be pretty."

"Michael, want to test it?"

###chapter 333 Where Did Isabella Go?

The moment Michael heard that Isabella might die, he froze completely.

"Stop worrying about it. You should be with me," Bianca said, laughing as she looked at him. She climbed onto his shoulders and blew into his ear. "Michael, you have no idea how long I've waited for this. Come on, tear my clothes off."

From Isabella's perspective, it looked like Bianca and Michael were about to fall onto the large bed behind them at any moment.

Michael's eyes darkened. He did want to tear Bianca apart, but not her clothes-he wanted to tear her to pieces. How dare she lay a hand on Isabella? He couldn't even bear to touch Isabella.

As he placed his hands on Bianca's shoulders, Isabella let out a sharp cry, her eyes filled with terror.

Michael frowned, trying to understand what Isabella was trying to convey. Just then, a voice came through his earpiece.

"Mr. Brown, we're in trouble, we've been..."

The voice abruptly cut off as Bianca casually yanked the earpiece from his ear. The tiny device, small enough to go unnoticed on a fingertip, was now in Bianca's hand. She smirked and threw it to the ground, crushing it under her heel.

"Michael, you really think you can play these cheap tricks on me? Do you think I'm that clueless, or that I wouldn't notice?"

"If that's what you think, you're seriously underestimating me."

Michael didn't argue. From the brief message in the earpiece, he could guess that his men had been discovered. If he wanted to save Isabella, he would have to do it alone.

But Bianca had no intention of giving him any more chances. She pulled him by his tie to the bed. "Michael, let's not waste any more time on our first time together."

With a command from Bianca, the guards watching Isabella left the room. She wanted Isabella to watch, but she wasn't about to let other men enjoy the view.

Bianca began unbuttoning his shirt, but Michael's eyes remained on Isabella. He noticed her signaling towards a door.

As Bianca focused on his buttons, Michael followed Isabella's gaze to a door left slightly ajar. The guards had underestimated Isabella, thinking a pregnant woman couldn't escape. Bianca had sent them away to avoid being overheard, which now worked in Michael's favor.

Just as Bianca was halfway through unbuttoning his shirt, Michael grabbed her hand. He leaned down, his eyes filled with a mix of teasing and mischief.

"Bianca, if you want something special, let's make it even more exciting."

His eyes gleamed with intense desire, and Bianca, lying on the bed, could see it clearly. Her eyes sparkled with excitement. This was exactly what she wanted.

"Michael, isn't being watched exciting enough? How much more special do you want it?"

Despite her words, Bianca's excitement grew. Michael pulled off his tie and gently covered her eyes, whispering seductively.

"Close your eyes and leave the rest to me. I promise you'll enjoy it."

His deep, deliberate voice sent shivers through Bianca, who was already trembling with excitement. She obediently closed her eyes, ready for whatever Michael had in store.

She had been wrong all along. Michael wasn't a traditional man; he had a wild side too.

Her eyes were covered, and her hands were bound by something unknown. In the next moment, she was flipped onto her stomach, her vision completely dark.

Bianca thought this was part of Michael's "excitement" and didn't resist. Instead, she eagerly anticipated the "rough" treatment to come.

But the bindings on her hands tightened painfully. "Michael, no, it's too tight," she gasped.

As doubt crept in, Michael's hot breath brushed her ear. "You wanted excitement, didn't you? This is just the beginning. Bear with it!"

Bianca's body went numb, and she stopped doubting him. The rope around her wrists tightened further, and Michael quickly tied a knot. Then, with cold eyes, he pushed her away.

"Bianca, you want pleasure? There are plenty of men outside. Call them in and have your fun. But you think you deserve to be with me?"

With that, he left the room and ran to the next one.

But when Michael reached the room, the door was wide open. The guards were gone, and Isabella was nowhere to be seen.

Michael was stunned. Just minutes ago, Isabella had been there. What went wrong?

Where did Isabella go?

Only Bianca could have taken her away so quickly.

Michael rushed back to the bed, grabbed the bound Bianca, and demanded, "Where is Isabella? Tell me!"

Bianca, in pain from Michael's rough handling, didn't dare provoke him further. His eyes were filled with murderous rage.

"Isabella was right there," Bianca said, but the window was open, and the door was ajar. Isabella was gone, and it wasn't Michael who had taken her.

"How ironic," Bianca laughed. "Michael, have you forgotten? If I hadn't saved you from drowning, you'd be dead. And now you want to kill me? You're ungrateful, and even fate isn't on your side. I won't tell you where Isabella is!"

Bianca wanted to torment Michael. Just minutes ago, she had hoped he still loved her. But now, she realized he never did. He cared about Isabella, that wretched woman.

She couldn't let him have his way.

But Bianca underestimated Michael's fury. He pulled her to the ground, towering over her.

"Bianca, I've repaid my debt for saving me. Now, tell me where Isabella is, or I'll send you to Auroria again. You know how chaotic it is there, don't you?"

###chapter 334 She Hates

Michael's voice was as cold as ice, revealing his true nature-arrogant and ruthless.

To him, everyone except the one he loved was just like merchandise.

Bianca was utterly shaken.

From the moment Michael mentioned Auroria, her body began to tremble uncontrollably.

He was the one who sent her to that hellhole. How could Michael not know what it was like there?

It was no place for a human being.

Calling it hell on earth wouldn't be an exaggeration.

And as a woman, the only way she could survive there was by using her beauty and body to buy temporary safety and stability. What other choice did she have?

All of this was orchestrated by Michael.

Though it was only a month or two, it felt like a lifetime to her.

Michael would never know what she had to do to survive.

She had endured the filthiest things. If she hadn't met that man by chance, she might have been tortured to death by now.

Those dark memories flooded her mind, and Bianca was instantly consumed by hatred.

"Michael, do you really think I'm still afraid of you? You can send me to Auroria all you want, I don't care. But you'll never find Isabella."

"Do you really think I'd let you take advantage of me and then let that bitch Isabella go, so you can have your happy little family reunion?"

"You're dreaming. I'm telling you, I never planned to let Isabella leave here alive. She and her bastard child must die. Neither of them will survive."

Bianca's eyes were bloodshot as she screamed.

Ever since Isabella married Michael, everything she had was taken away. Now her family was destroyed, her parents were dead.

What did she have left?

Why did fate treat her this way? What did she do wrong?

She was filled with hatred.

She wanted everyone she hated to die.

Especially Isabella.

Her parents were dead because of Isabella. Why did Isabella get to live happily? It wasn't fair!

Even Michael, who had hated Isabella for years, had fallen in love with that bitch.

Everyone who truly cared about her was gone.

If she couldn't have it, neither could Isabella.

"You want to know where Isabella is? I'll tell you. Before you came, I had someone ready to take her to a cliff and push her off. She'll be dead by now."

"Even her bastard child won't survive."

"Hahaha, because they both deserve to die!"

"Shut up!"

Michael grabbed Bianca from the ground, glaring at her fiercely. "Isabella won't die. She won't! Tell me where she is!"

If Isabella wasn't still in her hands, he would have torn her apart.

But now that Isabella was missing, he had to get some useful information from Bianca.

Isabella couldn't be harmed.

He was waiting for his child to be born, waiting for her to hold the baby at home, waiting for the child to call him "Daddy."

As long as he got a clue from Bianca, everything would still be in time.

But Bianca was determined to keep her mouth shut.

She looked indifferent. "I told you, she's already been taken to the cliff by my people. If you want to find her, go search every cliff. I don't know exactly where."

But after saying this, Bianca felt immense regret.

If she hadn't been so focused on getting with Michael, she would have arranged for someone to kill Isabella.

Now that Isabella had escaped, Bianca was filled with regret.

Seeing Bianca deliberately stalling, Michael suddenly realized something and stood up abruptly.

He threw a cold remark at her, "Bianca, do you think I only brought a few people? If you won't talk, someone else will."

He could grab anyone outside and get some information.

Instead of wasting time here with this lunatic, it was better to quickly send people to track Isabella's whereabouts while there was still time.

"Michael, don't go. I'll tell you where she is."

Seeing Michael about to leave her, Bianca panicked.

She couldn't let him find Isabella.

But Michael didn't believe a word she said anymore and strode out of the warehouse.

Outside, another team had already subdued the people outside the warehouse, waiting for Michael.

Before the bodyguard could say anything, Michael asked, "Did any vehicles leave here recently?"

The bodyguard was stunned and quickly replied, "A motorcycle."

A motorcycle?

Michael frowned. If Bianca wanted to move someone, she would use a van or something. A motorcycle was too conspicuous, definitely not Isabella.

"You, go in and interrogate Bianca about Isabella's whereabouts. Report any news immediately."

"The rest of you, check all the exits. Detain any suspicious vehicles."

Michael's tone was serious. He couldn't afford to stay here. He took the car keys from the bodyguard and quickly drove away.

Where could Isabella be?

He didn't believe Bianca would let her people just push her off any random cliff. She hated Isabella so much, she would choose a place that would leave a lasting impression.

A place he was also familiar with.

Where could it be?

Moon Bay!

The name suddenly flashed in Michael's mind.

That was where Bianca had once saved his life, and where she had almost been swept away by the water.

From that day on, he remembered her kindness.

And from then on, Bianca clung to him.

Thinking of this, Michael stepped on the gas and sped towards Moon Bay.

Isabella, please be safe.

On the wide road, a black motorcycle sped by like a flash of lightning.

The cold wind howled in her ears, and Isabella instinctively tightened her grip around the man's waist, her face pressed against his back.

It wasn't that she wanted to take advantage of him, but the cold winter weather left her no choice.

Besides, she had a baby to think about.

If anything happened, she would regret it forever.

Suddenly, the motorcycle stopped by the roadside, in front of a sports car.

The man took off his helmet and turned to her, "Isabella, get off."

His voice sounded so familiar.

Isabella's eyes widened in disbelief. "You are..."

"Shh!"

The man made a gesture, signaling behind her. "Hurry up, don't you fear they'll catch up?"

Remembering the hours she had just spent in the dark warehouse, Isabella's face changed. She nodded and carefully got off the motorcycle.

The man casually left the motorcycle by the roadside, opened the car door, and gestured to the passenger seat.

"Let's go. I'll take you home."

###chapter 335 Saved His Life

The guy wore a black leather jacket, giving off a chill, carefree vibe.

Isabella thought of someone.

A friend she always talked to online, Shadow.

He was the one who braved this dangerous place to save her. Whether he was Shadow or not, she decided to trust him right now.

The cold wind howled outside as Isabella got into the car. The guy followed, taking the driver's seat and shutting the door.

The heater was cranked up, warming Isabella. She couldn't help but glance at the guy next to her.

From her angle, his profile was strikingly handsome, with a rebellious edge.

He had a magnetic personality, but there was something oddly familiar about him.

Had she seen him somewhere before?

"Are you really Shadow? Why do I feel like I've met you before?"

Isabella's eyes lingered on his face, her mind racing to remember.

No matter how hard she tried, she couldn't place him.

Hearing her question, the guy chuckled softly, started the car with a push of a button, and glanced at her. His clear voice reached Isabella's ears.

"We've met before. You just forgot."

The next second, the car sped down the road.

Isabella frowned, then shook her head after a moment. "Sorry, I can't remember."

She genuinely had no recollection.

Especially since Shadow had only ever contacted her online.

Even their first meeting was due to an unexpected mission, where neither revealed their identities.

The guy smiled nonchalantly. "If you can't remember, don't stress about it. It's not a particularly pleasant memory."

After driving for a while, the guy asked, "Where to now?"

Isabella's mind was in turmoil; she needed some time alone.

The intimate scenes and conversations between Michael and Bianca kept replaying in her mind.

Isabella knew why Michael came to rescue her.

He came not for her, but for the child she was carrying, to give Aiden a reasonable explanation.

But the tenderness in Michael's voice when he spoke to Bianca, and their closeness, was voluntary.

Thinking of Michael's gentle tone with Bianca, Isabella's eyes reddened.

They were approaching the coast.

Feeling suffocated, Isabella told the guy a location, "Please take me to Moon Bay."

Due to its unique geography, the beach looked like a crescent moon from above, hence the name Moon Bay.

And there lay a secret of hers.

It was where her connection with Michael truly began.

After her grandfather took her away, she once came to Evergreen City alone, missing her mother. Before returning, she wanted to see the sea.

There, she encountered a drowning Michael.

She was young then, and seeing a boy about her age struggling in the shallow water, she initially thought his parents were nearby.

But as time passed and the boy grew weaker, battered by the waves, Isabella realized he couldn't swim.

With the tide rising and hardly anyone around, Isabella quickly waded into the water to save him.

But she overestimated her strength and underestimated the boy's weight.

Both young and inexperienced swimmers, Isabella barely managed to grab his shirt before swallowing several mouthfuls of water.

But saving him was all that mattered, and she couldn't think of anything else.

The waves grew stronger, and she had to drag him out before the tide came in.

Several times, they were nearly swept out to sea.

Despite her exhaustion, Isabella refused to give up, dragging him to shore.

Lying on the beach, Isabella felt dizzy.

She was utterly spent.

As the sky darkened, she tried to look at the boy she saved but only saw a blurry profile.

Even though she couldn't see his face clearly, his handsome silhouette was etched in her memory.

She thought then, how wonderful it would be to marry such a good-looking man when she grew up.

Isabella couldn't help but smile, lying weakly beside him.

Exhausted, she soon passed out.

Before losing consciousness, she tightly gripped a small bear pendant from the boy.

When she woke up, she was back at the Wilson Family, in her princess-themed room.

Her grandfather was beside her, worried sick. "Isabella, if you miss your mom, tell Grandpa. I'll take you there. Don't run off alone again, okay?"

"Okay, Grandpa, I understand."

Isabella nodded obediently, but the boy remained in her memory.

Shadow parked near Moon Bay, draped his jacket over Isabella, and walked with her towards the beach.

The cold weather left the beach deserted.

Isabella tightened the jacket around her, walking step by step to the spot where she saved Michael.

She stopped when the water touched her feet.

Gazing deeply at the sea, she took a deep breath.

Seeing her distress, Shadow joked to lighten the mood.

"Isabella, you're not thinking of jumping into the sea, are you? It's winter, it's freezing. If you love the beach that much, wait until summer."

Isabella gave him a helpless look. "Don't worry, I'm just here to clear my head. I'm not that impulsive."

"Good. The Isabella I know isn't afraid of anything. She wouldn't break down over something small."

"Besides, you're going to be a mom. You need to be strong."

Isabella smiled, her hand resting on her rounded belly, thinking how resilient her child was, not even stirring after all that had happened.

He was right anyway. She wasn't alone. She had her unborn child, her grandfather, and her uncles waiting for her at home.

How could she let a bad man drive her to impulsive thoughts?

She came here to say goodbye to the past and end where it all began.

After saving Michael at the beach, she couldn't forget him.

Unexpectedly, she saw him again at a party, dressed like a prince in a suit.

###chapter 336 I Will Be There Immediately

Nolan was with him.

Even though the two brothers looked a lot alike, she could instantly tell who she had saved from the sea that day.

It was also that day she remembered they had met briefly before, just before her grandfather took her away.

After getting home that day, she had a thought.

She wanted to marry Michael.

She did everything she could to convince her grandfather and uncles, declaring Michael as her one and only.

She would marry no one but him.

Everything that happened afterward was her wishful thinking. She believed Michael would realize she had saved his life and see her differently.

But in the end, she loved the wrong person and ended up in this situation.

Now, she just wanted to forget everything. Forget all the memories with him.

Even the life-saving moment at Moon Bay, she wanted to erase it all.

Before leaving, Isabella retrieved a box she had left at the Moon Bay management office.

Inside the box was the little bear charm she had pulled from Michael that day.

She had discovered it in her hand when she got home and had kept it with her all these years.

Until just before her wedding, she stored it here, hoping Michael would remember her without needing any proof.

But he never did.

So, she chose to make peace with herself and let go of the past.

She took the charm out, walked a few steps towards the beach, and threw it into the sea with all her might.

"Goodbye, Michael."

From today, she decided to let go.

Isabella turned to Shadow and said, "Alright, we can go now."

Shadow, who had been by her side the whole time, nodded and led her to the car. They drove away from the place.

Five minutes later, a black SUV sped towards the beach and stopped exactly where Isabella had just left.

Michael looked around but saw no sign of Isabella.

Just as he thought he might have come to the wrong place, a familiar object caught his eye.

A silver charm was washed up on the beach by the waves.

Could it be?

Michael's eyes tightened as he quickly ran over, not caring that the water soaked his shoes.

When he held the charm tightly in his hand, he confirmed it was the little bear charm he had lost.

He remembered it clearly.

His father had bought it for him during a trip to Europe, and he had loved it, carrying it with him every day.

Until the day he almost drowned at the beach. Someone saved him, but the charm was lost.

After his father's unfortunate accident, he wanted to find the charm even more, as a memory of his father.

He had always thought Bianca had it, as she was the first person he saw when he woke up on the beach.

He had asked Bianca for it several times.

But Bianca always had excuses, eventually saying it was lost over time.

Now, the charm reappeared at Moon Bay, which made no sense.

Unless...

Michael's eyes flashed. Unless someone had just thrown it into the sea, and the waves brought it back.

And judging by its well-preserved condition, it must have been thrown in recently.

He hadn't untied Bianca before coming here, so it couldn't have been her.

Thinking back, every time he mentioned the incident at Moon Bay, Bianca would quickly change the subject.

Now he realized he had mistaken the person all along.

Bianca had just happened to be there.

Who else could have come here?

Michael's heart started pounding.

Could it be her?

If it was Isabella, why hadn't she mentioned it all these years?

If it wasn't her, who else could it be?

Just then, his phone rang.

Seeing the number, Michael quickly answered, hearing the urgent voice on the other end.

"Mr. Brown, she escaped while we weren't looking."

"Who?"

Michael had a bad feeling. If it wasn't someone important, the bodyguard wouldn't be so nervous.

Sure enough, the next second, he heard a familiar name.

"It was that woman, Bianca."

Michael's face darkened. "Find her, no matter what it takes!"

Bianca had admitted the Adri Family was behind everything. Letting her go was like leaving a ticking time bomb.

He had to bring her back.

He wouldn't allow anyone to harm Isabella and their child.

Meanwhile, Shadow took Isabella to a cozy roadside diner and ordered her some hot soup and a main course.

As soon as they sat down, Isabella borrowed his phone to call Atticus and let him know she was safe.

Hearing Isabella's voice, Atticus finally relaxed. "Isabella, as long as you and the baby are okay, I'm relieved."

"Okay, Uncle Atticus, I'll be back soon. Please don't tell Grandpa about the kidnapping."

Isabella was about to hang up when Atticus sighed softly.

Isabella paused, thinking she had misheard, but then Atticus spoke in a hoarse voice.

"Isabella, your grandfather already knows. He's in the hospital now."

Isabella felt her world collapse.

Atticus hadn't wanted to tell him.

But somehow, the Wilson Family found out and informed Daniel about Isabella's kidnapping.

Daniel, who cherished Isabella like a treasure, fainted upon hearing the news.

He had left all the bodyguards to continue searching for Isabella and rushed to the hospital, where Daniel was now in surgery.

Fortunately, Isabella returned safely. Otherwise, Atticus wouldn't know what to do.

"I'll be there right away."

Isabella hung up the phone.

At the hospital, Atticus stared at the surgery light that had been on for half an hour, his eyes red despite his usual stoic demeanor.

Holden walked over with various test results, his heart in knots.

Hearing Atticus call off the search for Isabella, he rushed over, fearing the worst. "Atticus, what happened? Is Isabella..."

"Holden, don't worry."

Atticus patted Holden's shoulder, interrupting his thoughts. "Isabella is fine. She's on her way to the hospital now."

###chapter 337 Self-Blame

"Wait, are you serious? Isabella's safe?"

Holden could barely believe it. This was incredible news. If Isabella was back, then maybe Daniel would pull through.

Before he could ask more, Renee, who had come with him, also heard the news. Her voice was thick with emotion.

"Atticus, is it true? Isabella's really back and safe?"

Renee, sitting in her wheelchair, couldn't hold back her tears. Isabella had gone to the hospital for her, and Daniel had found out because of a call she accidentally made to Aaron. It was all her fault.

"If I hadn't been careless and let Daniel overhear Aaron, he wouldn't be in this mess."

Staring at the surgery room, Renee's tears flowed even more. In her darkest moment, Isabella had saved her life and taken her in. Daniel treated her like his own granddaughter. But in one day, she had caused harm to both of them. How could she ever forgive herself?

Renee's face was pale with tension, clearly showing her fear. Holden sighed and tried to comfort her.

"Renee, you're overthinking it. No one blames you for this. Daniel isn't just anyone. If he suspects something, he'll find out no matter what. So, don't beat yourself up too much."

Besides, no one could have predicted Isabella's kidnapping. If anyone was to blame, it was Holden and the other uncles for not being careful enough. Their security measures weren't up to par. Renee didn't need to take all the blame on herself.

Meanwhile, Isabella hurried over after hanging up the phone. After finding out the location, she rushed to the surgery room. She joined Atticus and the others.

After two anxious hours, the surgery room door finally opened. Sean, the doctor who operated on Daniel, came out first and approached Atticus and the others, letting out a shallow sigh.

"Today's surgery was a lucky save for Daniel, but his body has reached its limit. Whether he wakes up now depends on his will to survive."

After all, this was his third surgery this year. Daniel was over eighty, and his body couldn't take much more. Each surgery further drained his physical strength. No one could guarantee his post-surgery condition. Moreover, Daniel was already in recovery when he suddenly fell ill, which was a disaster in itself.

The doctor's words plunged everyone's spirits into the depths. Isabella's eyes immediately reddened, and tears began to fall uncontrollably. No, Grandpa wouldn't leave her like this. It was all her fault. If she hadn't insisted on going out, Bianca wouldn't have targeted her. If she had stayed with her grandpa at the Wilson Family home, none of this would have happened. She had caused this to her grandpa.

Daniel needed to be monitored post-surgery and was sent to the ICU. Standing by the transparent window, Atticus's eyes were dark. After a long while, he turned to Holden and instructed, "Call the others and have them come back."

Everyone knew exactly who Atticus meant.

Isabella panicked. Was Atticus calling the other uncles back to prepare for Grandpa's funeral?

"No! Uncle Atticus, Grandpa's gonna be fine. Sean said the surgery went well. He'll wake up!"

Isabella couldn't accept it. She grabbed Atticus's sleeve, as if stopping him would somehow bring her grandpa back.

Atticus understood what she was thinking. As the eldest son, he felt the same way, but reality was reality, and no one could predict it. He took a deep breath, holding Isabella's hand tightly and gently patting it.

"Don't overthink it. Your grandpa's condition isn't good, and it's just me and Holden here. We need the others to help."

Even though she knew Atticus was trying to comfort her, Isabella couldn't argue. Only endless regret weighed on her heart.

After receiving the call, her uncles returned as quickly as possible.

Three days later, Daniel was moved from the ICU to a private room. The day Daniel woke up, Isabella was the happiest of all.

On the hospital bed, Daniel looked pale and even more gaunt, needing a breathing machine to take each breath. As his five sons gathered around him, Daniel anxiously searched for Isabella. When he finally saw her, he relaxed and let out a long breath.

"Isabella."

Daniel called out weakly.

"Grandpa!"

Isabella rushed to his side, carefully holding his hand. "I'm back. My friend saved me. I'm fine, and the baby is healthy."

She still held onto the greatest hope in her heart. If her grandpa knew she was safe and the baby was fine, maybe he would look forward to the baby's arrival and find the will to survive.

Hearing this, a faint light flickered in Daniel's eyes. As Sean had said, his body was extremely weak, but he still wanted to remove the breathing mask. Seeing his intention, Isabella helped him take it off.

Without the breathing machine, Daniel's breathing became labored. But even so, he insisted on giving Isabella his final instructions.

"Isabella, Grandpa can't stay with you anymore."

Daniel's voice was hoarse and weak, but the worry and love in it were unmistakable.

"But I can't bear to let you be alone, Isabella."

Isabella bit her lip, shaking her head vigorously. She didn't want this. Without Grandpa, she didn't know how to go on.

Daniel squeezed her hand and smiled at her. "Don't be afraid, Isabella. You're the bravest, right? I just had a long dream. Your mother and grandmother were in it. I think they came to get me."

"But I can't leave you until I see you safe at home."

Saying this, Daniel took a breath and looked at his five sons around him, his eyes filled with relief.

"I'm not worried about you. I know you all have your own ideas, careers, and abilities. But Isabella is different. When I'm gone, you need to help her more."

Daniel's words, like a final will, made his sons' hearts ache.

###chapter 338 She Admitted Defeat

"Dad, stop talking. You're gonna be fine. You have to get better."

Thomas, the fifth son, shook his head, refusing to believe what he was seeing.

Only the eldest, Atticus, stepped forward and agreed to Daniel's final wish.

"Dad, don't worry. Isabella's the princess of the Wilson family. As long as we're around, anyone who messes with her is messing with us."

"That's all I needed to hear." With that, Daniel forced a bitter smile.

Isabella's face was already streaked with tears.

Daniel's words were clearly his final instructions, and she didn't know what to do.

Daniel's heart ached for her, but he no longer had the strength to lift his hand. He could only try to comfort her.

"Isabella, don't be scared. Even if I leave, I'll be watching over you from above."

"You've been with me since you were seven. All these years, I've wanted to give you the best of everything, but I know what you really long for is your parents' company."

Isabella shook her head, tears streaming down her face. "I don't want anyone else. I just want you, Grandpa. Please don't leave me."

"That's not something I can decide." Daniel forced a smile. "I've come to terms with life and death. When the time comes, we all have to go. There's no need to be sad."

"But I don't want you to live a hard life because of this. That's why I need to see you happy with my own eyes. Isabella, promise me one thing."

Isabella nodded. "Okay, Grandpa. I'll promise you anything."

Daniel's eyes suddenly brightened, a sign of his final burst of energy.

Atticus and the others' faces changed.

Holden, frightened, wanted to get a doctor, but Atticus stopped him, shaking his head.

He had already spoken privately with the doctor, who said that Daniel had shown signs of exhaustion in the operating room and was holding on by sheer willpower.

Daniel was holding on just to see Isabella.

They couldn't let Daniel suffer any longer.

"I don't know if I'm right about you and Michael, but I don't want you to compromise yourself. Even if you have his child, it doesn't mean you can't find your own happiness. Understand?"

Daniel spoke slowly but firmly.

It was as if he had always known but had kept it to himself.

Isabella was suddenly panicked.

Her mind went blank.

Her voice trembled. "Grandpa, you knew?"

She thought she and Michael had been perfect in their act, that Daniel couldn't possibly know what was going on between them.

But the truth was, every time they pretended, it was glaringly obvious to Daniel.

Their act had never fooled him.

"Isabella, promise Grandpa, don't let the child become your shackle. You are free, always."

Daniel had said too much, and his breathing became labored, leading to a severe coughing fit.

"Dad! Are you okay?"

The five Wilson sons rushed to help Daniel, their faces pale with fear despite their usual composure.

Daniel shook his head slightly, taking a breath. "You all are old enough to know I could leave at any time. Don't be sad for me. Just keep doing what you love. I don't ask for anything else."

The light in Daniel's eyes began to fade. He sensed his time was running out.

He gripped Isabella's hand tightly and asked, "Isabella, you haven't promised me yet."

Isabella didn't feel the pain, only the weight of Daniel's hand on her heart.

She couldn't think about the true meaning of Daniel's words. She just didn't want him to have any regrets.

"Grandpa, I promise you. I'll do everything you said."

Isabella's tears fell on Daniel's withered hand. She couldn't accept his departure.

If fate could hear her prayers, she would trade anything for Daniel's longevity.

But the reality was reality.

With Daniel's final sigh, "That's good," the nearby machine emitted a piercing beep.

His heart monitor flatlined.

A legendary figure had passed away.

"Dad!"

"Grandpa!"

The five Wilson sons knelt by the bed, tears in their eyes, faces full of sorrow.

Isabella threw herself onto Daniel, crying, "Grandpa, don't go. You said you wouldn't leave me alone. Grandpa, please don't go!"

Daniel was gone. The man who had taken her from the Taylor family, who had spoiled her for over a decade, was gone. What did she have left?

If she hadn't insisted on going to the hospital, Daniel wouldn't have had a sudden relapse during his recovery. He wouldn't have died.

It was her fault. Grandpa died because of her.

She would never forgive herself.

Isabella's cries were heart-wrenching, but they couldn't match the pain of losing her grandpa.

Just then, the door to the room was pushed open, and Michael appeared in a black coat.

"I heard Grandpa was sick..."

Before he could finish, Michael saw Isabella and froze.

He couldn't believe his eyes.

Isabella was supposed to be moved by Bianca. His men had searched all of Evergreen City and found no trace of her.

How could she be here?

"Who let you in? Get out!"

Before Michael could speak, Isabella stood up angrily and ordered him to leave.

Her grandpa had just died, and his fake concern disgusted her.

"Isabella, are you really okay? I thought you were..."

Michael was shocked to see her. He struggled to restrain himself from hugging her.

But to Isabella, it was all a cruel joke.

"Michael, who are you pretending for?"

"Don't you know better than anyone if I'm okay? I thought you came to the warehouse to save me, but you made love to Bianca right in front of me. What, you couldn't get enough without me there?"

Just thinking about their intimate scene made Isabella nauseous.

Michael was so ruthless.

She gave up; she didn't want Michael anymore.

"Isabella, it's not what you think with Bianca."

"Get out!"

Isabella couldn't contain her anger any longer. She pointed to the door.

She needed to vent all her suppressed emotions.

"I don't want to hear your excuses. Leave now. My grandpa is dead. Do you want to disturb him too?"

###chapter 339  Not Welcome

"Grandpa Daniel's dead?"

Michael's eyes flickered at the word "dead," but he quickly pulled himself together, his expression turning serious.

"Then there's no way I can leave. Grandpa Daniel's gone, and I need to stay here to help with his funeral."

"Michael!"

Isabella's eyes blazed with anger. "Do you have to be so shameless?"

No matter what she said, Michael stood his ground.

With such a huge loss, Isabella must be devastated. All he wanted was to be there for her.

But it seemed her misunderstanding of him ran too deep; she wouldn't listen to any explanation.

They stood at the doorway, neither willing to back down.

Inside, the five Wilson brothers were mourning Daniel. Seeing Michael show up, they all wanted to pummel him.

"That jerk Michael dares to come here. Don't stop me today; I need to teach him a lesson for Isabella."

Holden rolled up his sleeves and headed for the door, but Atticus grabbed him.

Atticus told him to stay put and walked over himself, his face stern.

He stood beside Isabella, pulling her behind him, and glared coldly at Michael.

"Michael, we get that you mean well, but like Isabella said, this is a family matter. You're not welcome here."

Daniel's last words had made it clear.

He wasn't happy with Michael's recent actions.

Otherwise, Daniel wouldn't have told Isabella to prioritize herself, even if it meant not keeping the child.

It showed that Michael's promises were just empty words. A man who only makes verbal commitments isn't worth keeping.

Michael's face turned pale. He didn't know what had happened, but for Atticus to speak like this, he must be deeply disappointed in him.

"Uncle Atticus, hear me out."

"No need!"

Atticus cut him off. "And don't call me that anymore. Your relationship with Isabella is over, just waiting for the divorce papers."

He called for the security guards. "Escort Mr. Brown out."

As soon as he finished speaking, a dozen black-clad guards surrounded Michael, gesturing for him to leave.

"Mr. Brown, please go."

Isabella didn't look at him once.

Reluctantly, Michael took one last deep look at her before he had to leave.

As he turned away, a tear finally fell from his bloodshot eyes. For Daniel, and for himself.

He had failed to keep his promises to Daniel, leaving him disappointed.

And in his pursuit of the Adri Family's whereabouts, he had wasted too much time on Bianca, deepening Isabella's misunderstanding of him.

Now, she wouldn't believe him anymore.

With Daniel gone, would Isabella really divorce him?

Michael's heart tightened.

And it was all because of Bianca. He wouldn't let her get away with it.

The only way to make Isabella truly believe him now was to expose Bianca and the Adri Family behind her, revealing the truth to Isabella.

Only then could he have a chance to win her back.

No matter what, he wouldn't divorce her.

Just as he left the hospital, Michael received a call from Aaron.

"Mr. Brown, I'm okay now. Have you found Mrs. Brown?"

Aaron's voice was still hoarse, but there was a cautious tone. He had learned from the guards that Isabella had been kidnapped while bringing him to the hospital. For the past three days, he had been on edge, fearing something had happened to Isabella, which would make him feel guilty for life.

"Yeah, she's safe now," Michael replied, his voice calm, though his eyes involuntarily glanced upstairs.

"Really? That's great. Thank God. Mrs. Brown is such a good person; nothing bad should happen to her."

Hearing the good news, Aaron almost jumped with excitement. The heavy weight on his heart finally lifted.

"Mr. Brown, I'm planning to take tonight's flight back to Auroria."

With things settled here, he was ready to return to work. After all, he had left in a hurry, and there must be a pile of work waiting for him.

"Tonight?" Michael frowned. "Have you and Renee made up?"

Michael had brought Aaron back, fearing he would lose his loved one, but Aaron had spent the past few days in the hospital. When did he have time to make up with his girlfriend?

"Mr. Brown, Renee and I..." Aaron sighed, all his helplessness turning into one sentence, "She won't see me. Instead of staying here, I might as well focus on work."

But he wouldn't give up. If she had found new happiness, he could step back and sincerely wish her well. But if she was just afraid of causing him trouble and danger, he would prove to her that he wasn't afraid of death and could take her away from that hell.

Matters of the heart were the hardest to understand and the most haunting. Michael couldn't even handle his own feelings, let alone advise others. Since Aaron had made his decision, there was no need to ask more.

"I understand. Contact me if you need anything over there. Stay safe."

That was all he could do. He had once thought like Aaron, using work to numb himself, but in the end, the problem remained unsolved. He hadn't won back Isabella's heart. Instead, their relationship had worsened. He didn't want Aaron to face the same disappointment. If some time apart could help Aaron and Renee, then let Aaron go.

Aaron agreed and ended the call. Michael got into his car and, before starting it, called his subordinate.

"Any news on Bianca?"

"Not yet."

Michael frowned, feeling something was off. How could Bianca disappear under everyone's noses? All traces of her couldn't just vanish unless someone was helping her!

Michael's eyes darkened. "Stop following the usual methods. Ignore any information others release. Investigate the people around her and see who's helping her."

"Yes, Mr. Brown."

The guard quickly agreed, fearing a reprimand if he delayed. But Michael hung up and drove away from the hospital, heading back to the Brown Group. He needed to find out who was backing Bianca and, more importantly, not let the Adri Family take advantage of the situation.

###chapter 340 No Right to Refute

In a luxurious mansion, Bianca was on a video call with someone on her phone.

"Baby, I wanna be back with you ASAP, but my mission's almost done. Just hang in there a little longer, and I promise I'll come straight to you when it's over, okay?"

Bianca's voice was sultry and captivating. A bodyguard who had come to report something overheard the conversation and quickly lowered his head in fear.

Seeing this, Bianca shielded the phone screen with her body and casually asked, "What's up?"

The bodyguard immediately replied, "Ms. Taylor, we've lost the people tracking us."

Bianca snorted arrogantly and waved her hand dismissively. "I know. You can go now."

Once the room was quiet again, Bianca resumed her alluring demeanor. "Baby, why aren't you saying anything?"

"I need a specific time for your return."

The man's voice on the video was deep and emotionless, his face hidden in shadows.

Bianca pretended to think, trying to buy more time. "It'll take at least two months, right?"

The man was silent for a moment.

Even though they were half a world apart, Bianca still felt intimidated by his presence.

Without thinking, she quickly shortened the time. "How about one month? I'll definitely be back by then to be with you. You know I hate being away from you."

Her coquettish tone and pitiful expression would soften any man's heart.

Sure enough, the man's expression improved, but his tone remained firm. "Ten days."

"Ten days?"

Bianca bit her lip and pouted at the man on the screen. "That's too short. I really want to help you with some things. We haven't achieved the results you want yet."

"And I haven't avenged those who wronged me. I'm not satisfied."

How could she deal with Isabella in just ten days?

No, she had to negotiate for more time.

But the man had no intention of letting her argue.

"You've wasted enough time. Your mission has been reassigned."

"But I haven't..."

Before Bianca could finish, the man cut her off coldly. "Bianca, don't forget your place. Angering me won't end well for you."

"Yes."

Bianca trembled and didn't dare to say another word.

"I'll do as you say. I'll handle everything here in ten days and then fly back to you immediately."

"That's my good girl."

The man's approval made Bianca's eyes sparkle, and she returned to her seductive demeanor.

"You have no idea how much I've missed you these days. I wonder if you've missed me too."

A beautiful woman's flirtation was a powerful weapon.

It was Bianca's willingness to lower herself and please him that allowed her to thrive.

Her stunning looks and flexible body had initially caught the man's eye.

But it was her cunning and manipulation that helped her survive and rise to her current position.

Seeing the man's softened expression, Bianca finally felt relieved.

After soothing him with all her might, Bianca "reluctantly" ended the call.

Staring at the black screen, Bianca felt a strange sensation.

She could easily say such things to any man, even engage in more intimate acts.

But with Michael, she couldn't bring herself to do any of it.

In the months she'd been close to him, they'd only held hands.

But that didn't matter anymore.

From the moment Michael tied her to the bed and left, she saw him through.

He never loved her.

Even his previous actions were just repaying her for "saving" his life.

She had foolishly mistaken it for affection.

She had loved him wholeheartedly for years.

Now, he treated her like an outsider, with no remorse for sending her away.

What was there to miss about a man like Michael?

With only ten days left in the country, she had to avenge herself and her parents.

Otherwise, she might never return.

So, before Bianca left, Isabella and her unborn child had to die.

Thinking of this, Bianca called out, "Someone!"

A bodyguard entered promptly. "Ms. Taylor, what are your orders?"

Bianca lit a cigarette and instructed, "Find out Isabella's whereabouts. See where she's been recently."

The bodyguard nodded and left.

In just a few minutes, there was another knock on the door.

Bianca, surprised, said, "Come in."

The bodyguard brought both good and bad news.

"Ms. Taylor, our people report that the hospital confirmed Daniel's death due to illness, and the Wilson family has now activated their highest security measures. All information about Isabella is sealed."

Isabella was being protected, and given the Wilson family's current situation, it would be nearly impossible to track her.

Just as the bodyguard feared being scolded, Bianca burst into laughter.

"Daniel is dead?"

Isabella always talked about Daniel. Now that he was dead, she must be in immense pain, unable to eat or sleep.

If something happened to her unborn child now, would Isabella be so devastated that she'd consider suicide?

Just imagining the scene made Bianca feel ecstatic.

Perfect.

Bianca had lost her parents, and now Isabella was losing her loved ones one by one. It was the perfect retribution.

Bianca took a deep drag of her cigarette, her eyes gleaming with malice.

To get back at Isabella, she'd start with her child.

Whispering Pines Estates.

After lying in bed for a day and a night, Isabella finally woke up in the morning.

Looking at the familiar surroundings, her eyes were filled with confusion.

Cinda, who had been by her side, quickly approached. "How are you feeling now? Any better?"

"Cinda, I..."

Isabella's voice was hoarse, and speaking even a few words caused her throat to ache.

Cinda comforted her, "Don't rush. Take your time. Do you want some water?"

Isabella nodded slightly.

Cinda poured a glass of water and helped Isabella sit up, bringing the glass to her lips.

After sipping half the glass, Isabella's throat felt better.

She finally spoke again, "Cinda, how did I get back? My grandfather..."

###chapter 341 The Last Journey

As soon as Daniel's name came up, Isabella couldn't hold back her tears, and her eyes turned red.

Cinda, feeling for her, stepped forward and hugged her gently. "When Mr. Daniel Wilson passed, you and your uncles were all there. He went peacefully, which means he was blessed."

"And Mr. Daniel Wilson loved you the most. He'd want you to be happy. You can't keep being this sad. For the baby's sake, you can't keep torturing yourself like this."

Hearing this, Isabella placed her hands on her belly.

Yes, she still had the baby.

"Cinda, don't worry. I won't let anything happen to the baby."

Before Daniel passed, he had told her to live for herself. Maybe Daniel always thought she kept the baby because of Michael.

Daniel probably didn't want the baby to become a burden to her, which is why he said those things.

But this baby was the only connection she had to Michael over the years. How could she possibly give it up?

"Cinda, did Uncle Atticus call while I was out? And when is my grandfather's funeral?"

Cinda hesitated but didn't want to hide the truth from Isabella.

"Ms. Taylor, you're very weak right now, and you're pregnant. If you go and get too emotional, it won't be good. Maybe you shouldn't go?"

"No way!"

Isabella refused without thinking, but then realized that Cinda wouldn't say such things unless Atticus had instructed her to.

"Cinda, has my grandfather's funeral been moved up?"

Seeing Isabella's anxious face, Cinda couldn't bear to hide it any longer.

"Actually, today is his funeral. The public memorial is being held at the Wilson Family estate."

Cinda's voice grew softer as she spoke.

As a woman, she understood Isabella's deep feelings for Daniel. If Isabella missed today's funeral, she would regret it. It was better to let her say goodbye to Daniel in person so she could find some closure.

"Today?"

Isabella's face changed. She threw off the covers and tried to get out of bed. "Cinda, go get me some clothes. I need to go now."

Isabella forgot how weak her body was. She moved too quickly, and her legs gave out, almost causing her to fall.

Cinda caught her just in time.

"Ms. Taylor, don't rush. There's still time. You need to eat something first, for your sake and the baby's."

Isabella took a deep breath to calm herself down.

"I understand, Cinda. I'll eat breakfast."

No matter what, she had to attend Daniel's funeral.

Seeing this, Cinda finally felt relieved and brought over the breakfast she had prepared, watching Isabella eat bit by bit.

Isabella didn't have much of an appetite, but she knew she couldn't afford to have any issues at Daniel's funeral, and the baby needed nutrition.

She forced herself to swallow the food.

Cinda found her a black dress and a matching coat. Isabella removed all her jewelry except for the gemstone pendant Michael had given her at her birthday party.

She applied light makeup and hurried to the Wilson Family estate.

Cinda, worried about her, followed with some essentials.

That gemstone pendant, she had heard from the Brown Family's servants, wasn't something Michael had bought but something passed down from his grandmother.

It was valuable, but she just wanted to return everything related to him. Eventually, she hoped to forget him entirely.

The Wilson Family estate.

Daniel had been a renowned Gambling King, and now that he had passed, the estate was filled with people coming to pay their respects.

From the moment she entered the gate, Isabella walked step by step to the hall where Daniel's portrait was displayed.

Seeing Daniel's peaceful and serene face in the portrait, she couldn't help but cry again.

She bowed her head in silent tribute, tears streaming down her face.

Before she came, Cinda had repeatedly told her not to cry at Daniel's funeral, saying that his spirit would be pained to see her like this.

But she couldn't help it.

She missed Daniel so much.

Why couldn't everything in front of her be just a dream?

She just wanted Daniel to be okay. Was that too much to ask?

"Isabella, you okay? You're pregnant. Didn't I tell you not to come?"

Atticus, who was receiving guests, saw Isabella crying in the hall and went to comfort her.

"You've already fainted once. Do you want to scare me?"

It was his idea to keep Isabella from coming.

Pregnant women shouldn't have too many emotional fluctuations. He was worried she would get too upset at the funeral and faint again, which would be bad for both her and the baby.

But he had underestimated Isabella's love for Daniel.

"Uncle Atticus, I can't miss my grandfather's funeral. Do you want me to regret it for the rest of my life?"

Isabella steadied herself and looked up at Atticus with tear-filled eyes.

Atticus wanted to say something but swallowed his words, finally sighing in resignation.

"Alright, since you're here, you can say your final goodbye to your grandfather."

Isabella wiped her tears.

At that moment, a servant came to report that an important guest had arrived.

Isabella and Atticus exchanged a glance, both guessing who it was.

Outside the gate, a long black Rolls-Royce was parked away from the crowd. Before anyone got out, several bodyguards surrounded the area.

Then, the rear door slowly opened, and an elderly man with white hair, dressed in a black traditional suit, stepped out, leaning on a cane.

It was Michael's grandfather, Aiden.

Aiden and Daniel had been friends for many years. Daniel's sudden death was hard for Aiden to accept.

Aiden approached the hall with flowers in hand and bowed deeply to Daniel's portrait.

Isabella wanted to go and support him, but with Atticus there, she didn't want to overstep her bounds.

Aiden, trembling, moved closer to the portrait. Atticus quickly went over to take the flowers.

"Mr. Brown, we're grateful you came to pay your respects. Let me take the flowers."

Atticus could see that Aiden was genuinely saddened by Daniel's sudden passing. In just a few minutes, Aiden's eyes had already welled up.

As a junior, he couldn't let Aiden be more heartbroken.

But Aiden gently waved his hand, looking at Daniel's portrait with a deep sigh.

"Because your father and I were friends for so many years, I must personally give him these flowers. It's the least I can do."

Aiden felt a deep sense of guilt towards Daniel.

At this moment, he just wanted to tell Daniel, "Old friend, I'm sorry. I couldn't keep my promise to you."

###chapter 342  Is She Hidden by You?

When Daniel agreed to marry his granddaughter into the Brown family, Aiden had been so enthusiastic. Now, Daniel's decision was causing him immense pain.

Isabella, such a wonderful girl, was now being mistreated by his grandson Michael.

She had endured so much and was constantly the subject of gossip.

Aiden regretted it deeply.

If he hadn't brought Isabella into the Brown family, maybe none of this would have happened.

Ultimately, it was his fault. He had let Daniel down.

He had brought Daniel's granddaughter to this point.

In front of everyone, Aiden shakily placed the flowers and spoke a few words to Daniel's photo.

Then he wiped his moist eyes and turned to leave.

Before leaving, he signaled to the Wilson family members not to see him off.

Isabella, thinking of the gemstone pendant around her neck, quickly followed after informing Atticus.

"Mr. Brown."

Aiden was walking slowly, so Isabella caught up to him in a few steps, taking a deep breath as she stood in front of him.

With many guests around, Isabella didn't waste time. She took off the gemstone pendant and handed it to Aiden with both hands.

"Mr. Brown, it's not appropriate for me to keep this. I want to return it to you."

Seeing Isabella return the pendant, Aiden's body trembled, unable to bear the implications behind her actions.

"Isabella, did that brat Michael ever tell you that this pendant was left by his grandmother for his future wife?"

Even now, Aiden hoped that Isabella and Michael could reconcile.

But Isabella's next words shattered his hopes.

"It doesn't matter anymore. I just want to return it to its rightful owner."

Aiden's eyes showed emotion, but in this setting, he couldn't say anything more to persuade her.

"Mr. Brown, it's no longer appropriate for Michael and me to continue. This should go to his future wife."

She handed the pendant to Aiden, and quickly walked away.

She didn't dare stay any longer.

She didn't want Aiden to see her tears or hear her cry.

In her heart, she had always seen Aiden as her own grandfather.

No matter what happened between her and Michael, Aiden was still her family.

But what Isabella didn't know was that after she left, Aiden looked at the pendant in his hand, and his already aged body seemed to grow even older.

Watching Isabella's thin figure, he shook his head.

He knew that this might be the last time he saw her as his granddaughter-in-law.

Some things just couldn't be forced.

"Isabella!"

A deep, familiar voice suddenly called out, and Isabella instinctively stopped. She hadn't expected him to come.

But when he appeared, her heart still stirred.

However, she wouldn't deceive herself anymore.

With Aiden personally attending, Michael, as Daniel's nominal grandson-in-law, couldn't be absent. It was a matter of etiquette and basic respect.

In short, he wasn't here for her.

Just as Isabella took a deep breath to compose herself, Michael had already walked up to her.

"Do you need something?"

From the moment he had an affair with Bianca, Isabella and he were over.

Now that her grandfather had passed, there was no need to hide their divorce.

As Atticus had said, all that was left between Isabella and Michael was the divorce papers.

"Isabella, do you have to be so cold to me?"

Michael sighed softly. If there weren't so many people around, he would have wanted to hug her tightly.

"Is there any warmth left between us?"

Halfway through her sentence, Isabella was shocked by what she saw.

In just a few days, how had he become so haggard? His eyes were dark, and he hadn't shaved.

Even his figure had thinned significantly.

What had happened to him?

Realizing she was being affected by him again, Isabella quickly looked away.

He had Bianca now. How he was doing had nothing to do with her anymore.

"If there's nothing else, I'm leaving."

"Isabella."

Having finally seen her, Michael couldn't bear to let her go and instinctively grabbed her wrist.

"How have you and the baby been?"

Before coming, he had thought of many things to say to her, but now that he saw her, his mind went blank.

He just wanted to look at her quietly, to feel the beauty of her presence, and do nothing else.

"We're fine. Anything else?"

Isabella's response was calm, and her gaze held no emotion.

To her, Michael's words were insignificant. If he wanted to express his love for the baby, she would accept it calmly.

"If there's nothing else, I need to go help greet the guests."

Isabella didn't want to get entangled with him, especially on this special day.

Seeing Michael reminded her of what Daniel had said to her and the scenes she had witnessed when she was kidnapped.

Seeing Isabella about to leave without hesitation, Michael stopped her again.

"Isabella, I have one more question. I hope you'll answer honestly."

"After you escaped that day, Bianca disappeared too. Did you hide her?"

Since that day, his people had been unable to find any trace of Bianca.

And the people around Bianca had erased their identities completely, leaving no clues for him to follow.

In Evergreen City, if his people couldn't find any trace, it was either the Adri family's doing or the Wilson family had intervened.

If it was the latter, he hoped Isabella would tell him the truth. Bianca's background was too deep, and he didn't want Isabella and the baby to be in any danger.

But he forgot how ambiguous his relationship with Bianca was.

Isabella couldn't help but sneer.

So this was the real reason Michael had come.

He still cared about Bianca.

"Michael, weren't you with her that day? Why are you asking me?"

Talking about this, Isabella couldn't help but remember the scene of him and Bianca embracing and kissing.

Her heart felt like it was being squeezed, and she clenched her fists in pain.

But she should be so weak. Since she had decided to let go, she shouldn't think about him anymore.

###chapter 343 The Hypocritical Man

Isabella's eyes turned icy as she shot Michael a mocking smile.

"Or maybe you two had such a wild time that she couldn't handle your 'roughness' and bolted."

She still vividly remembered the time Michael had misunderstood her relationship with Nolan and had dragged her into his car.

But if it had been Bianca, would he have done the same?

The thought shocked even Isabella. How could she compare herself to Bianca?

In Michael's eyes, she was nothing.

Why torture herself with questions she didn't want the answers to?

Michael's face changed suddenly, realizing Isabella had misunderstood him. She really thought something had happened between him and Bianca.

But to Isabella, his expression confirmed her suspicions.

Could Bianca have really run away from Michael?

Wasn't she dreaming of staying by his side and becoming his wife?

How could she give up such a perfect opportunity?

But no matter what, Bianca's situation had nothing to do with her. She didn't even care about Michael anymore.

"Bianca isn't with me. You got the wrong place."

Isabella spoke coldly, "I promised Indigo I wouldn't go after her, but that was only if she didn't start trouble. This time, even though she didn't directly affect me, she indirectly caused my grandfather's death. I won't let that go."

Seeing Michael's tense expression, Isabella's gaze grew even colder.

"Michael, I'm warning you. This is between her and me. If you insist on getting involved, don't blame me for being unkind."

Daniel's sudden death meant the Wilson Family had no time for other matters.

But Bianca had plotted to kidnap her, and the Wilson Family wouldn't let her off easily.

If Michael wanted to protect Bianca, he shouldn't blame the Wilson Family for breaking ties with him.

Michael's eyes showed a hint of hurt as he shook his head lightly.

"Isabella, I told you, there's nothing between Bianca and me. The only reason I'm here is because of you."

"Michael, save your fake concern. I don't care about it at all."

Everything that had happened recently had made her see how unreliable Michael was.

Just like what had happened earlier, if he was really worried about her, why did he start asking about Bianca after just two sentences?

He only mentioned her and the baby in passing.

Michael's hypocrisy disgusted her.

Isabella was about to leave when she remembered something and said, "Oh, I forgot to tell you, I returned the gem you gave me to your grandfather."

"When I'm done here, I'll go sign the divorce papers."

With that, she walked away without looking back.

Watching her determined figure and hearing about the divorce papers, Michael was stunned.

She really didn't want to hear his explanations anymore and just wanted to cut ties with him as soon as possible.

Bianca was missing, and he was genuinely worried she might cause trouble for Isabella again.

And the Adri Family, if they secretly targeted Isabella and the baby, he wouldn't be prepared.

Suddenly, he thought of someone.

Someone who could stay by Isabella's side and watch out for danger.

"Wait! Isabella, I need to see Renee. Where is she?"

Renee was Adri Family's person, so she must know something about them. If she was around, Isabella's risk would be greatly reduced.

Michael's voice was loud, and Isabella, not far away, heard him clearly.

But she just thought it was another way for him to find out about Bianca.

She had already said Bianca wasn't with her or the Wilson Family.

Did he not believe her?

Isabella lost all patience and threw back a cold reply without turning around, "She doesn't even want to see Aaron, let alone you. Just leave, she won't see you."

No matter what Michael said, Isabella didn't listen.

She returned to the hall and stood by Daniel's coffin.

Looking at Daniel's photo, knowing she would never see him or hear his voice again, Isabella felt a wave of immense sadness.

Tears streamed down her face like pearls from a broken necklace.

Cinda, already worried about her health, quickly came over with tissues to comfort Isabella.

"Ms. Taylor, wipe your tears. You can't keep stressing yourself like this; it will harm the baby."

Cinda's voice was motherly and gentle, making Isabella lose control and hug her, letting out all her grievances through her tears.

She had lost her mother young, and Daniel had raised her. Now, the person who loved her most was gone.

How could she not be heartbroken?

Cinda understood Isabella's pain, sighed softly, and didn't try to persuade her further. She gently patted her back, helping her calm down.

It was better for her to cry it out today than to keep it all inside and get sick.

After a good cry, Isabella took the tissues from Cinda, sniffled, and asked, "Cinda, where's Renee? Isn't she with the Wilson Family?"

Daniel had treated Renee like a granddaughter, and she lived here now. How could she not show up?

Cinda looked around but didn't see Renee either.

She shook her head, "I haven't noticed Renee. Maybe she's not feeling well and got delayed."

Just then, two figures, one tall and one short, walked in from outside.

The one in the wheelchair, dressed in black, was Renee, but Isabella didn't recognize the person pushing her.

The woman was simply dressed, in a black coat, holding a bouquet of flowers, and pushed Renee to the front of the hall.

As they got closer, Isabella suddenly recognized the woman.

Wasn't she the actress Jessa Greer, who had recently become popular on a reality show?

Online, people said she was genuine and down-to-earth, very likable. There were rumors that after ten years of acting with little recognition, a small reality show had revived her career.

But why did Renee bring her here?

Isabella looked at Renee, puzzled.

Renee realized she had brought Jessa too hastily and forgot to inform Isabella.

But since Jessa was already here, they had to go through the proper process.

Renee first led Jessa to bow and pay respects to Daniel, then place the flowers, before coming to Isabella to explain everything.

###chapter 344 Your Thing Dropped

"Isabella, this is Jessa, the actress I invited."

"Remember when you got Daniel hooked on that reality show? He watched a bunch of episodes, and Jessa was his favorite. He said she had a tenacity that reminded him of the Wilson family. When you weren't around, he told me he wished he could meet her someday."

"He also wanted to see what kind of girl could chase her dreams so persistently for ten years. So, I thought before Daniel left us, I'd invite her to his funeral to fulfill his small wish."

Watching reality shows and following celebrities were just pastimes Isabella had suggested to keep her grandpa entertained in his free time.

She never expected her grandpa to take her words so seriously.

She regretted not spending more time with him in his final days.

She even got annoyed with his nagging and called him old-fashioned out of spite.

Grandpa, Isabella regretted it. Isabella really missed you.

Jessa respectfully placed the flowers down and spoke solemnly in front of the portrait.

"Mr. Daniel Wilson, although we never met, I've heard of your great reputation. It's an honor to be appreciated by you. I hope you rest in peace."

When Jessa first received Renee's call, she thought it was a scam.

After all, Daniel was a legendary gambler from the last century, and even at her age, she had heard of his incredible feats.

She never imagined Renee would personally invite a small-time actress like her to the funeral of such a legendary figure.

Before she could react, her agent had already accepted the invitation.

It was a rare opportunity. The Wilson family's status in Evergreen City was on par with the Brown family, and Daniel was a legend in the entire eastern region.

Attending the Gambling King's funeral was a privilege reserved for those with significant influence and background.

Making an appearance here was more impactful than attending a hundred reality shows.

But Jessa didn't think about it that way.

She felt that for an elderly man like Daniel to appreciate a small actress like her, he must have had a kind heart. She wanted to meet such a person.

Even if it was just to lay down a bouquet of flowers.

After placing the flowers, Isabella approached to thank her. "Jessa, thank you for coming to pay your respects to my grandpa. I think he would be very happy."

Jessa had seen news about Isabella online, but meeting her in person, she realized the reports didn't do her justice.

As a socialite of the Wilson family and the Gambling King's chosen heir, Isabella's beauty and charm were truly captivating.

"It's my honor. You don't need to thank me."

Seeing the guests coming and going, Jessa didn't want to take up more of Isabella's time, so she decided to leave.

"Please let Renee know I have to go. I have other commitments."

With a slight nod to Isabella, she turned to leave.

Just as she stepped outside, she bumped into a tall man.

"Sorry."

She stepped back, intending to walk around him, when a gentle male voice spoke above her.

"Miss, you dropped something."

Jessa instinctively turned back and saw a large hand extended towards her, holding a small daisy she had pinned to her chest.

She was momentarily stunned and looked up, only to be struck by the man's striking features.

Despite her years in the entertainment industry, she had never seen such a handsome man.

His features were slightly roguish, yet his eyes were full of life. His short hair and perfectly tailored black suit added to his unique charm.

The contrast gave him an alluring and captivating presence.

Jessa's first thought was that he must be a fellow actor.

With looks like his, he would surely have been scouted to become a star.

The man didn't seem bothered by her staring. Instead, he gently took her hand and placed the daisy in her palm.

He seemed accustomed to being looked at this way.

And he softly reminded her, "Here you are. Watch your road."

"Thank you."

The warmth of his fingers lingered in her palm, making her tense up.

For the first time, Jessa felt nervous around a stranger, her voice trembling slightly.

He simply shook his head lightly. "No need to thank me. It's what I should do."

Then he turned and walked into the courtyard, heading towards the hall.

He must be here to pay his respects to Daniel as well.

But with looks like his, she should have recognized him. How had she never seen him before?

Could he be a new talent from some agency?

Jessa racked her brain, trying to recall any memory of him, but she couldn't place him in the entertainment industry.

Meanwhile, in front of the hall, Atticus looked displeased as Orion finally arrived.

"You knew today was Dad's funeral, and you're still late. Do you have any sense of propriety?"

Everyone else was doing their part. Atticus had planned to have Thomas take Isabella's place so she could rest.

But Thomas was busy handling the burial details, leaving the task to Orion.

Orion arrived ten minutes late, understandably frustrating Atticus.

"Atticus, I was talking to someone at the door and lost track of time. It's my fault."

Orion's straightforward apology left Atticus with little to say.

After all, today was about honoring their father, and many old acquaintances from the east were present.

As a son of the Wilson family, it was only natural for Orion to exchange a few words with familiar faces.

"Alright, go check on Isabella. And you-"

Atticus suddenly frowned, noticing Orion's unusual appearance. Normally, Orion had an artistic flair, but today he was different.

He wore a formal black suit, complete with a tie, and had even cut his usually long hair short.

That was his favorite hairstyle. Even when Daniel was alive and constantly nagged him about it, Orion would always brush it off with a laugh or play the sympathy card to make Daniel relent.

After all, among the five brothers, he was the only one born prematurely and the one who resembled their mother the most.

Daniel could never stay mad at him for long.

But today, he had cut his hair?

Atticus hadn't noticed earlier, thinking Orion had just tied it back. But now he saw the change.

Orion lowered his head, embarrassed. "Atticus, don't stare. Today is Dad's funeral. I just wanted to make him happy. That's all."

###chapter 345  Why Are You Here?

Atticus, being the older brother, got what Orion was saying and nodded.

"You're still Dad's son, no matter what. But seeing you change would definitely make him happy."

Atticus had a lot on his plate, so he patted Orion on the shoulder and handed Isabella over to him.

When Orion approached Isabella, she looked pale, and her lips were colorless from all the grief.

He went to her side. "Isabella, don't cry anymore. Go back to your room and rest, okay?"

Even though the ceremony in the hall was simple, Isabella was only three months pregnant.

She had rushed to the funeral right after waking up from fainting, which would be exhausting for anyone, let alone a pregnant woman.

But Isabella didn't want to leave. She wanted to stay with her grandfather, even if it was just for a little longer.

"Uncle Orion, I'm fine. You don't need to worry about me."

"How can you say that? Look at you. How can I not worry?"

Seeing Isabella's pale face and tear-streaked eyes, Orion felt her pain deeply.

But Daniel was already gone. If something happened to Isabella now, they wouldn't be able to face Daniel.

Orion, seeing that he couldn't persuade her, said, "Dad always cared about your health the most. Do you think he'd be happy seeing you like this?"

Hearing that, Isabella felt a pang of sorrow.

When she looked up, she was surprised to see that Orion, who usually dressed casually, was now more formally dressed than Atticus.

Daniel had tried countless times to get him to dress properly.

Now, even Orion had matured.

Isabella didn't know what to say, so she just nodded. "I understand."

Cinda quickly stepped forward to support Isabella, who had just stood up, thanked Orion, and helped Isabella to a nearby chair.

After a while, Renee joined them. One sat in a chair, the other in a wheelchair, quietly watching the busy scene not far away.

No one spoke.

Cinda, worried that Isabella might catch a chill, went back to the room to get a blanket to cover her legs and folded a coat to place behind her back for support.

Isabella, being pregnant, needed to be especially careful at a funeral. Any emotional distress could be dangerous.

Seeing Isabella silent, Cinda asked if she wanted something to eat to regain her strength.

Isabella shook her head.

She had no appetite at all. She didn't even want to drink water.

Isabella told Cinda to stop fussing.

She had nothing to do now, so she told Cinda to sit down and rest for a while.

Just then, a woman in a black leather jacket and high-heeled boots appeared in their view.

Isabella was taken aback when she saw her.

"Olivia, what are you doing here?"

Olivia had been busy promoting her new movie and preparing for her new song release. She was swamped.

Isabella hadn't wanted to trouble Olivia with this, so she hadn't called her.

But such a big event couldn't be kept secret. Given Daniel's status in Evergreen City, Olivia had almost frozen in place when she found out.

She had called her family to confirm the funeral's location and time. Otherwise, she would have thought it was just a rumor.

But for such a significant event, her best friend Isabella hadn't told her a thing.

Olivia had urgently asked her manager for time off and rushed over. But when she saw Isabella, all her accumulated anger dissipated.

In such a short time, the usually well-kept Isabella had become pale and thin.

Her eyes were swollen from crying.

"Isabella, how could you keep something this big from me? Do you even consider me your best friend?"

The usually fiery Olivia now looked like a pitiful child, staring at Isabella.

Isabella hadn't forgotten her. She just didn't want Olivia to see her like this.

And she hadn't forgotten about Olivia and Atticus.

Having Olivia here now would only make things harder for her.

"You've been so busy lately. I didn't want you to get too tired."

Olivia didn't care about that. No matter how busy she was, she couldn't ignore something like this.

"Don't forget, Daniel was my grandpa too. He used to give me treats when I was little. How could I not come to his funeral?"

She had recently taken on a new movie and was in the middle of a closed shoot. As soon as it ended, her manager had her promoting it.

Her manager also wanted to release a series of new songs to capitalize on the buzz.

She was about to explode from all the work.

When she finally got the news, she realized what Isabella had been through while she was away.

"Isabella, once I finish my current commitments, I won't take on any new projects. I'll take a break. Can I stay with you?"

No one understood Isabella's deep bond with her grandfather better than Olivia.

This was when Isabella needed someone the most.

As her best friend, Olivia would push aside all her work to be there for her.

"Of course, I'd be thrilled to have you."

Isabella touched her belly. "I'm about to enter my second trimester. I won't be able to go out much. Having you around will keep me company."

With her grandfather gone, she needed to take good care of herself and her baby.

Only then would she feel that life still held promise, that it continued with the birth of her child.

Isabella then introduced Renee and Cinda to Olivia.

But before she could say anything, Olivia had already started chatting with them, introducing herself.

"Hi, I'm Olivia. I've been best friends with Isabella for over ten years. We share everything."

Olivia's outgoing personality quickly made everyone feel at ease.

"By the way, I haven't paid my respects to Daniel yet. Isabella, you stay here. I'll be right back."

After all, she had come to attend Daniel's funeral. If she hadn't been so worried about Isabella, she would have gone to the hall first.

"Olivia, I'll go with you."

Isabella said, suggesting that Renee and Cinda go rest in the room.

Renee still had injuries and shouldn't stay outside for too long.

"But you can hold it?"

Cinda was worried when she heard Isabella wanted to go to the hall.

"I'm fine. I'm just going with Olivia. I'll be right back."

###chapter 346 Olivia Likes Atticus

Seeing their hesitation, Olivia stepped forward and took Isabella's hand. "Cinda, you can trust me with her."

"I promise I'll bring her back safe and sound."

"Alright then," Cinda said, nodding reluctantly.

With Cinda and Olivia, her good friends, around, Renee didn't ask any more questions. She gave them a slight nod and headed back to her room to rest. She hadn't slept well these past few days, trying to get Jessa to come.

Meanwhile, Isabella and Olivia walked towards the hall together.

As they approached, they saw Atticus was indeed there. But Olivia seemed to have moved on. She didn't look at him, focusing instead on the portrait of Daniel in front of her. She bowed respectfully and laid a bouquet of flowers.

Isabella stood quietly beside her, looking at the familiar face of her grandfather in the photo, feeling waves of sadness.

When it was time to speak with the family of the deceased, Olivia calmly nodded slightly to Atticus and said, "My condolences."

Atticus nodded in response.

Just as Olivia thought their interaction was over, Atticus suddenly called out to her from behind.

"Olivia! How have you been lately?"

Olivia felt a complex mix of emotions, but reason told her not to overthink it. Their relationship had ended long ago. He had personally severed the only possibility between them.

She turned, linking arms with Isabella, and smiled faintly at him. "I've been good, busy with work every day, almost losing track of time."

She remembered the last time she saw Isabella and him was shortly after learning Isabella was pregnant. Now, Isabella's belly was already showing. It had been over two months since she last saw Atticus. In all that time, they had no contact. Even though they were in the same city, he never called her. Not even a single message.

If they were really together, she would have been the only one making an effort, and the outcome was obvious. As he said, they were not from the same world. Even if they were together, it would only cause trouble for each other.

Olivia quickly looked away, a faint smile on her face. "Atticus, you go ahead. Don't worry about me. Isabella and I have things to do, so we'll be leaving now."

With that, Olivia pulled Isabella and quickly walked out. It was as if someone was chasing her.

Isabella watched their strange interaction and couldn't help but glance at Olivia. The usually fearless Olivia seemed to be afraid of Atticus? But when she saw the loneliness in Olivia's eyes as she turned away, she finally understood.

That made sense. Olivia liked Atticus. But Atticus was always so composed and restrained, only having room in his eyes for his family and career. Plus, there was an age gap of over ten years between them. Even if Olivia could accept it, Atticus might not be able to accept such a relationship.

However, she had never asked Atticus about his feelings on this matter. She didn't know how he truly felt about Olivia.

Thinking of this, Isabella instinctively glanced in Atticus's direction and found him looking their way, his gaze deep and unreadable.

Isabella's eyes lit up. Atticus rarely stared at someone like that. She was sure he wasn't looking at her.

He was looking at Olivia.

It seemed Atticus did have some feelings for Olivia.

What if Atticus and Olivia ended up together?

Then her long-time best friend would become her aunt?

She would definitely support such a wonderful thing.

Atticus's marriage had always been a wish of Daniel's. If a beautiful story could come true, Daniel would be happy to see it in the heaven.

As Isabella pondered how to help Atticus and Olivia clear up their misunderstandings and get together, Olivia thought Isabella was feeling sad again about Daniel's death. She gently comforted her.

"Isabella, don't be sad. Daniel knows you miss him, but you have a baby and all of us. You need to take care of yourself."

Seeing Isabella's pale face, Olivia felt even more heartbroken for her.

"I'm fine."

Isabella patted Olivia's hand and led her to a nearby resting area to sit down.

"I know you all care about me, and I understand that life and death are beyond our control. My grandfather didn't suffer much pain when he passed, and that's enough."

"It's good that you can think that way."

Olivia knew that no words could make Isabella forget this for now, but if she could come to terms with it, it would be good for her and the baby.

But she knew Isabella was just holding on.

Even the words she said were just to keep others from worrying.

Seeing Isabella's pale lips, Olivia called over a staff member and asked for a cup of hot milk.

A few minutes later, the hot milk was in Isabella's hands.

Olivia worried about her strength and the cold weather, urging her to warm up.

"Isabella, you're not alone now. You have a baby. Even for the baby's sake, you can't stay so sad."

"Your grandfather would be heartbroken to see you like this."

Olivia's last words seemed to unlock Isabella's emotions.

Tears streamed down her face.

She clutched the cup of milk tightly, sobbing, "I know my grandfather would be upset, but I can't help it."

"If it weren't for me, he wouldn't have suddenly fallen ill, and he wouldn't have had to undergo surgery during his recovery. It was my impulsiveness that harmed him."

"If I had stayed by his side and not gone anywhere, I wouldn't have been kidnapped by Bianca, and my grandfather wouldn't have died so tragically."

By this point, Isabella was crying so hard her voice was hoarse.

She wished everyone would blame her, put all the fault on her. Maybe then she would feel a bit better.

But her uncles all said it wasn't her fault.

But her grandfather fell ill because of her. If not her, then who?

Olivia only now understood why Isabella was so heartbroken at the funeral. Knowing this made her feel even more for her.

She held Isabella's hand tightly, offering warmth and support. "Isabella, you can't think like that. Blaming yourself will only trap you in a dead end."

"You have to know that your grandfather and uncles' love for you is pure. Daniel's sudden illness was unpredictable. If it were you, would you blame your own family?"

Olivia's words flowed into Isabella's heart like a warm current.

Isabella suddenly recalled her grandfather's loving look before he passed.

His face had only a faint smile and reluctance, with no trace of blame or anger.

###chapter 347  It's Blood

At that moment, her grandfather dreamed of the person he missed the most.

Her grandmother and mother were waiting for him there, so he wasn't afraid to leave, just worried about her.

If she kept bottling up her feelings and couldn't move on, it would be a disservice to her grandfather's teachings.

Isabella took a deep breath. Just like Olivia said, if it were her, would she blame her own family?

Not only would she not, but her uncles wouldn't either.

So, what she needed to do was find the real culprit, not waste time on regret.

The shadow in her heart slowly dissipated, but Isabella thought of something else.

She glanced at Olivia beside her and asked, a bit embarrassed, "Olivia, can I ask you something? What do you think of Atticus?"

"I don't know what you're talking about."

Mentioning the cold and distant Atticus made Olivia panic, and she quickly changed the subject.

Isabella saw it clearly. When Atticus was mentioned, Olivia's face turned noticeably red.

She pressed on, "Not from a junior's perspective, but as a woman looking at a man!"

She had thought about Atticus and Olivia on the way here.

From their eyes, she could tell they had feelings for each other.

But they were both holding back, unable to let go.

What they were missing was the most important piece: communication.

Since they were keeping a safe distance, Isabella decided to play matchmaker.

What if it worked out?

With Isabella being so direct, Olivia couldn't sit still, her face turning bright red.

She didn't even dare to look in Isabella's direction.

She lowered her head, blushing, and stammered, "Isabella, why are you bringing this up all of a sudden? I told you there's nothing between us, don't overthink it."

"And besides, I promise you, Atticus and I could never be together. We're not the same kind of people, we're completely incompatible. So, let's not talk about this anymore."

Listening to Olivia's firm rejection, Isabella felt something was off. Olivia clearly had feelings for Atticus, so why was she making promises to her?

What did it have to do with her?

Isabella's eyes flashed, "Olivia, you don't think I'd oppose you being with Atticus, do you?"

Olivia was surprised, "You'd really be okay with the age difference between me and Atticus? But you didn't agree that before."

Isabella suddenly remembered Olivia had once mentioned she liked someone older, by more than a decade.

So, she was talking about Atticus!

She had thought Olivia was being scammed online, which was why she said that.

Isabella shook her head, clearing up the misunderstanding, "Olivia, not only would I not oppose you and Atticus, but I'd also support it. After all, there's nothing wrong with liking someone."

She glanced at Olivia's flushed face, "And you're my best friend. I'd be worried if you ended up with someone else, but if it's Atticus, I'd feel at ease."

After all, Atticus had a strong character and a sense of responsibility. If Olivia married him, she wouldn't have to worry about any nonsense.

With her best friend's support, Olivia felt a huge weight lift off her shoulders.

But her relationship with Atticus wasn't something that could be resolved with a few words.

He didn't like someone much younger, but if she didn't mind the age difference, why did he keep fixating on it?

Was he really concerned about the age difference, or was it just an excuse to reject her?

Olivia sighed, "Isabella, your support means a lot, but my feelings for him aren't something that can be easily explained."

"And right now, your main task is to take care of yourself and the baby. Don't worry about anything else, focus on your health."

Olivia pretended to be indifferent, "As for me and Atticus, let's not force it."

During this time, she had thought it through.

In a relationship, if only one person was always giving while the other kept avoiding, it wouldn't last.

She didn't want to be rejected again. That feeling was too painful.

Olivia's struggle and suppression were clear to Isabella.

They had known each other for so many years, how could she not understand what Olivia was thinking?

She was usually straightforward, but when it came to feelings, she was so cautious.

She must have been heartlessly rejected by Atticus after confessing.

And knowing Olivia, she wouldn't have confessed just once.

Both of them were equally stubborn.

And knowing Atticus's character, Isabella could imagine why he couldn't continue the relationship.

Besides their age and status, Atticus must have thought Olivia was just playing around.

If he agreed, it would feel like he was taking advantage of a younger person.

Or, he was afraid his age would waste her best years.

They both had their difficulties and were considering each other, which only pushed them further apart.

They had no chance of being together unless someone broke the ice.

"Olivia, I think if you still have feelings for Atticus, you should try again. Because I noticed, not only do you like him, but he also has feelings for you."

Isabella took a sip of milk, ready to tell Olivia about Atticus's expression she saw today.

Suddenly, a sharp pain hit her lower abdomen.

"Ah!"

The intense pain almost made her collapse, cold sweat breaking out on her forehead.

Isabella's vision went black, and she fell to the ground.

Olivia panicked, rushing to help Isabella, "Isabella, what's wrong? Where does it hurt?"

"The baby, Olivia, save the baby."

Isabella gritted her teeth to get the words out. She felt a terrible pain in her stomach, like someone was pulling her baby out.

It felt like she was being torn apart.

"The baby?"

Olivia's face turned pale with fear, and she shouted for help, "Someone, help!"

At that moment, Isabella's forehead broke out in veins, her hands clenched, and blood started flowing from under her dress.

Her vision darkened, and she lost consciousness.

Olivia kept shouting for help, but when she saw the blood flowing from Isabella, she was dumbfounded with fear.

Blood.

How could this be happening?

###chapter 348 Miscarriage

Daniel's funeral was winding down.

But then, word spread that Isabella was in trouble, and everyone tensed up. The guests outside didn't dare to meddle in the Wilson family's private affairs.

Seeing the situation escalate, Atticus took charge, telling Holden and Thomas to get Isabella to the hospital.

The rest of the people kept things orderly, making sure Daniel's burial went smoothly.

Once things calmed down, they'd head to the hospital to check on Isabella.

In the brief chaos, the spot where Isabella and Olivia had been sitting became an unnoticed corner.

At that moment, a person dressed as a servant appeared, carefully picking up the shattered pieces of a milk glass.

He placed the fragments into a sealed bag and then made a call.

"Ms. Bianca Taylor, your plan worked. The Wilson family funeral is a mess, and Isabella's been rushed to the hospital."

On the other end, Bianca nearly burst with excitement upon hearing the news.

She had been waiting for this day.

"Where's Isabella? Did she lose that bastard child?"

She was eager to hear Isabella's cries of agony.

How delightful that would be.

Initially, she wanted Isabella dead.

But then she changed her mind. Death was too easy. She wanted Isabella to suffer.

To lose her most precious child at her grandfather's funeral.

She wanted Isabella to remember this pain forever.

Hearing this, the "servant" glanced at the bloodstains on the ground and said flatly, "There's a lot of blood here. The child couldn't have survived."

His task was only to "remove" the child. What happened afterward wasn't his concern.

"Excellent!"

Bianca's lips curled into a satisfied smile. "Keep an eye on the hospital. I want to know the fate of Isabella's bastard child immediately."

"Got it!"

The man replied calmly and then hung up the phone.

Meanwhile, Renee, resting in her room, suddenly heard someone shouting that Isabella was in trouble.

She hurried out and learned that Isabella was bleeding. She wanted to go to the hospital to check on her.

But being in a wheelchair, she would only cause more chaos. It was better to stay and see if she could help with anything.

As she wheeled herself out, she noticed that the once-crowded funeral now had only a few people left.

Hearing about Isabella's sudden bleeding, Renee was initially shocked.

No matter how heartbroken she was, it shouldn't have caused such severe bleeding.

Just a while ago, she had been chatting with Isabella. Though Isabella looked unwell, she hadn't mentioned any discomfort.

And later, Olivia, her best friend of over a decade, had been with Isabella. There was no way Olivia would harm her.

What had happened to cause such sudden bleeding?

Unable to figure it out, she wheeled herself to the spot where Isabella had bled.

She thought no one would be there, but as she approached, she saw a thin man in a servant's uniform crouching and picking up something.

Renee frowned. "What are you doing?"

The sudden question startled the man. Seeing it was Renee, he showed her the transparent tray in his hand.

It was filled with glass shards, still stained with milk.

The man replied calmly, "I'm a servant assigned to clean up. I saw the shards and worried someone might get hurt, so I picked them up."

His explanation seemed reasonable to Renee.

But looking at the "servant," she felt something was off.

She asked a few more questions, which the man answered well, efficiently picking up the shards and cleaning the bloodstains.

Hospital.

An hour later, Isabella was wheeled out of the operating room.

In the hospital room, Cinda rushed over, holding Isabella's hand, asking worriedly.

"Isabella, are you in pain? Does your stomach still hurt?"

Isabella instinctively touched her belly, but the once-rounded bump was now almost flat.

Empty.

Isabella's pupils shrank in shock, and as she tried to sit up, Cinda gently pushed her back down.

But it didn't ease her panic.

She desperately wanted to believe her child was still there. "Cinda, tell me the baby is fine. The baby is still inside me. He can't be gone."

In extreme fear, Isabella's voice was barely audible, but she refused to give up.

She lifted her shirt to check, convinced the baby was still there.

"Please, don't be too sad. You're still young. You can have another child."

Cinda cried, holding her down.

But Isabella, hearing those words, lost all hope.

Her baby was really gone.

The child she had longed for, whose heartbeat she had felt. How could he be gone?

Why?

Why wouldn't fate spare her?

Holden and Thomas walked in, seeing Isabella's state, their eyes filled with sorrow.

Daniel was gone, and now Isabella's only child was gone too.

The double blow was too much for her to bear.

Thomas gently patted her head, comforting her. "Isabella, Cinda is right. Once you recover, you can have another child."

But Isabella couldn't hear any of it. She shook her head in despair.

"I don't believe it!"

"Thomas, tell me it's not true. My baby was healthy. How could he be gone?"

"What happened? Tell me."

This child was her only connection to Michael. Now that he was gone, their bond was severed forever.

Thomas sighed, unsure how to break the news to Isabella, and looked at Holden.

Holden had thought the same.

They had asked the doctor as soon as they arrived. The doctor found Isabella's miscarriage suspicious and conducted blood tests.

But the results were normal.

After discussing Isabella's recent emotional state, the doctor concluded that her miscarriage was due to extreme emotional distress.

But how could he tell Isabella that?

Daniel's death had already shattered her. Now, losing her child was pushing her to the brink.

###chapter 349 Someone Deliberately Plotted

Holden reached out and gently patted her head, unable to bear seeing her so heartbroken.

"Isabella, you and Michael are getting divorced soon. Without this child, your ties with him will be completely severed. It's actually a good thing. You're still young, and you have a whole new life ahead of you. Michael won't be able to bother you anymore."

No one in the Wilson family liked Michael.

Michael was a jerk, and even after the divorce, no one wanted Isabella to have any ties with him.

If she had kept the child, Isabella and Michael would have been connected forever. Now that the child was gone, it was actually a blessing in disguise for Isabella.

This way, Isabella could find a new partner or have children with someone else in the future without any complications.

Without the child, Michael would have no reason to come back into her life.

Isabella understood what Holden was trying to say.

But she couldn't let go of the child.

This was her and Michael's child, the only bond between them.

But she couldn't say that out loud.

She had already told Michael about getting the divorce papers and had decided to move on from him. But why did fate have to take away the last thing she had hoped for?

Her mother, her grandfather, and now even her unborn child.

It seemed like everything she wanted in this world was destined to leave her.

No matter how hard she tried to fight for it, to yearn for it, it always ended up in vain.

Indeed, being with Michael was a mistake from the start.

If she hadn't insisted on marrying him back then, none of this heartbreak would have happened.

Thomas chimed in, "Yes, Isabella, maybe this child just came at the wrong time. Once you recover and feel better, it won't be too late to add another child to the Wilson family."

"Okay."

Even if she didn't want to believe it, Isabella had to accept the fact that the child was gone.

She nodded lightly, but tears kept streaming down her face.

"Uncle Thomas, Uncle Holden, I know. Maybe the child was unhappy with me too. I haven't had a single peaceful day since I got pregnant. Then there was the kidnapping, and my grandfather's passing. I've been emotionally unstable."

"Maybe the child was disappointed in me as a mother and decided to go to a family that would be better for him."

She felt she had failed in her duty as a mother to take care of this child.

So, the child chose to leave her.

She could only blame herself.

Just then, Holden's phone rang. It was Atticus calling.

He quickly answered, "Atticus!"

On the other end, Atticus's voice was calm and serious, "Holden, how is Isabella? Is she okay?"

"Isabella is awake now and she's fine, but the child was lost."

Despite using the Wilson family's influence to get the best doctors, Isabella had a severe hemorrhage, and the child was too small to be saved.

Atticus was known for doting on Isabella, and he must be more heartbroken than anyone else right now.

Just as Holden was about to hand the phone to Isabella, Atticus suddenly said, "I understand. Step outside for a moment. I need to speak with you alone. Don't let Isabella notice."

"Okay."

Holden pretended to hang up the phone and gave Thomas a look, signaling him to stay with Isabella while he stepped out.

Isabella, overwhelmed with grief over losing the child, didn't notice the unusual behavior between her two uncles.

Once outside, Holden immediately asked, "What's going on?"

Atticus's voice was cold and serious, "I suspect someone deliberately chose this time to harm Isabella and the child, and that person is..."

"Bianca!" Holden's eyes darkened, and he gritted his teeth as he said the name.

He hadn't even settled the score with her for the kidnapping, and now this woman dared to target Isabella and the child.

She was asking for trouble!

Atticus sighed. He hadn't expected things to escalate to this point either.

"I just realized something was off. Despite everything that happened during Isabella's pregnancy, her health was always fine. Even her prenatal checkups were good. How could she suddenly have such a severe hemorrhage, and one that was life-threatening?"

"Someone must be behind this!"

Holden instinctively asked, "Atticus, have you found any clues?"

He knew Atticus well. If Atticus was saying this, he must have some solid evidence.

"Yes."

Atticus said calmly, "Renee told me about it. After Isabella went to the hospital, there weren't many people at home. She said she saw a young male servant cleaning up the place where Isabella had the accident, wiping away the fragments and bloodstains. But when I had someone check, there was no such person in the house."

"And Isabella did drink milk at that time, and it was after that she suddenly had stomach pains."

Hearing this, Holden understood everything.

"It was the milk!"

"But if that person was really sent by Bianca to harm Isabella, and he took the evidence with him, how can we find proof?"

After a brief silence, Atticus said, "That's why I called you. If Isabella really drank that milk, there must be traces left in her body."

Holden was stunned.

"Atticus, you mean to tell Isabella about this and have her cooperate with the investigation? But that's so unfair to Isabella!"

Isabella was already struggling with the pain of losing her child. Now, not only would she have to learn that her child was murdered, but she would also have to undergo a procedure to extract the milk residue from her stomach for evidence.

Just thinking about it made him feel heartbroken.

"Isabella will agree!"

Atticus's voice was firm, "She is the heir to the Wilson family. She's not as fragile as you think. Now that the child is gone, she will want to seek justice for the child more than anyone."

Atticus's niece had the blood and spirit of the Wilson family.

If Isabella knew the truth about her child's death, no matter how painful it was, she would seek the truth.

"Holden, time is of the essence. I'm counting on you for this."

Holden clenched his fists, feeling a deep inner turmoil.

But he knew that the only way to gather evidence was to tell Isabella and let her decide.

Otherwise, if they delayed any longer, the evidence could disappear at any moment.

Taking a deep breath, Holden pushed open the door to the hospital room.

Inside, Isabella was already lying down to rest.

Olivia, who was by her side, made a quiet gesture to Holden as he entered.

But Holden, with a serious expression, walked straight over.

Seeing this, Olivia nervously blocked his way, "You're Holden, right? Isabella just fell asleep. Please don't disturb her."

###chapter 350  Can't Let It Go Like This

Holden knew Olivia, as Isabella's best friend, was just trying to help. But he had something urgent to tell Isabella and couldn't waste any time.

He turned to Olivia. "Hey, can you give us a minute? I need to talk to Isabella about something important."

Olivia saw the seriousness in his eyes and, though confused, nodded and stepped out.

Holden walked over to the bed, seeing Isabella's tear-streaked face. He gently took her hand and spoke softly.

"Isabella, I know you're awake. I need to tell you something urgent. It's about the baby."

Isabella's eyes snapped open, red and swollen from crying. She thought he was there to console her again.

"Holden, I can't talk about the baby right now. Please."

The baby was gone. She knew she'd have to come to terms with it eventually, but the pain was still too raw.

"Isabella, I'm not here to console you. I have some bad news."

Holden took a deep breath, looking into her eyes. "This is going to be tough to hear, but you need to promise me you won't get too upset, okay?"

Isabella had never seen him so hesitant. She felt a growing sense of dread but couldn't imagine what could be worse.

Her grandfather was gone, her baby was gone. What else could she lose?

"I'm okay. Just tell me."

Seeing her calm, Holden finally spoke. "I just found out there were some suspicious people at your grandfather's funeral. We think your miscarriage might have been caused by someone trying to hurt you, and that person could be connected to Bianca."

"Because of the chaos, Atticus and the others focused on you and the unfinished funeral, missing the evidence, which was then cleaned up."

"Uncle Holden, what can I do to help?" Isabella interrupted.

She knew Bianca's schemes better than anyone. Hearing that the baby's death might be linked to Bianca, her anger flared.

She had been too careless, thinking she was safe in the Wilson family home, only to fall victim to another of Bianca's plots.

Suddenly, Isabella remembered something.

"It was the milk!"

Before Holden could tell her the truth, she had already figured it out.

At the funeral, she had been too grief-stricken to eat. The only thing she had consumed was the glass of milk Olivia had given her.

"That's right," Holden said gravely. "The problem was with the milk. But all the evidence was cleaned up, and your blood tests showed nothing unusual. So the only thing we can check now is the residue in your stomach to see if we can find any clues."

This meant Isabella, already devastated by the loss of her baby, would have to undergo a deep stomach examination, which would be physically and emotionally taxing.

Isabella didn't hesitate. "Uncle Holden, I understand. Even if the examination might not find anything, I'm willing to try."

She would do anything to find the person responsible for her baby's death.

"Alright, let's get to the examination room."

Holden helped Isabella up, and they headed out. Olivia, waiting by the door, was taken aback.

"Isabella, Holden, where are you going? Isabella, you're still very weak. You shouldn't be getting out of bed."

She moved to support Isabella, but Isabella shook her head. "Olivia, I need to get a check-up right now. Holden will go with me. You stay here and wait for me."

"A check-up?"

Olivia was confused but, seeing Holden by her side, she still felt uneasy about Isabella going alone.

"If it's a check-up, I should go with you. It's not appropriate for him to be in the examination room."

Olivia assumed it was a gynecological exam and insisted on going along.

Not wanting to waste time, Isabella agreed and let Olivia accompany her.

They arrived at the examination room, and the doctors and nurses quickly understood Isabella's needs, starting a series of procedures immediately.

Soon, a long tube was inserted into Isabella's mouth.

Seeing Olivia's frightened expression, Isabella couldn't speak but squeezed Olivia's hand to reassure her.

Olivia didn't know what was happening, but seeing Isabella in such pain, she couldn't stop her tears.

Isabella was the beloved princess of the Wilson family. If it weren't for Michael, she wouldn't have to endure this suffering.

The examination was grueling, but fortunately, it yielded results.

The doctors found undigested milk in Isabella's stomach, which was immediately sent to the lab for testing.

Now, all Isabella and Holden could do was wait for the results.

When Isabella returned to her room, she looked even paler than before.

Olivia poured her a glass of water and carefully helped her drink a few sips before letting her lie back down, reminding her not to move around too much to avoid further health issues.

Afterward, Olivia went to check if Cinda, who was making soup at home, had arrived.

Thomas had also been called away by a phone call earlier.

Now, only Isabella and Holden were left in the room, and she had some questions for him.

"Uncle Holden, how did you find out so quickly that the person was sent by Bianca?"

Bianca had been trying to harm her and her baby for a long time, but this time she had dared to infiltrate the Wilson family and do it so discreetly.

Someone must be helping Bianca.

"It wasn't me. It was Renee. She told Atticus right away."

"You know how much Atticus cares about you. He wouldn't overlook any clues, especially since the baby was the future of the Wilson family. Even if the baby is gone, we can't let it be for nothing."

Hearing the truth, Isabella nodded.

"Holden, I won't let this go. Bianca dared to mess with the Wilson family. No matter what, I will avenge my baby."

Her baby couldn't have died in vain.

She had felt his presence during those three months of pregnancy. She had even prepared clothes and toys for him, but now he was gone.

She should have known. The baby had been fine until that sudden, intense pain.

Someone must have tampered with her.

###chapter 351 Don't Push Yourself

Isabella never thought Renee would be the one to find all these clues.

Renee was on Bianca's side, after all.

Isabella had always known that, so she never pushed Renee to join her side.

When Isabella saved Renee at the mall entrance and brought her back to the Wilson family, it was just a coincidence.

She never intended to force Renee. Even if she had considered persuading her, she never brought it up.

During their time together, Isabella had come to see Renee as a real friend.

Now, without saying a word, Renee was looking out for her, even while recovering from her own injuries, searching for clues on Isabella's behalf.

Isabella was deeply moved.

Maybe she could try talking to Renee about joining her side.

Meanwhile...

After discussing everything with Atticus, Renee slowly wheeled herself towards the main hall.

It wasn't until she realized what she had done that she broke out in a cold sweat.

How could she forget her own identity?

She was sent by the Adri family to work for Bianca.

Renee closed her eyes in pain, stopping her movements, and buried her face in her hands.

She didn't regret helping Isabella find evidence.

But she hadn't forgotten the Adri family's methods. She might escape unscathed, but what about her family?

Her mother was still under their surveillance. The Adri family already considered her a traitor. If they couldn't find her, what would happen to her mother?

She didn't dare to think too deeply about it.

Once she recovered, she needed to return to her mother as soon as possible and find a way to take her away.

As Renee was planning her next steps, she heard footsteps outside the hall.

At this time, everyone was in the main hall mourning Daniel, so hardly anyone would come to the main hall.

She composed herself and opened the door, only to see a tall, stern figure walking in against the light.

Renee didn't recognize him, but the man introduced himself.

"I'm Michael Brown."

Hearing the name, Renee was stunned for a second.

She hadn't met him many times, mostly hearing about him from Aaron, who often mentioned his boss and his past with Isabella.

Over time, she remembered.

Renee assumed he was here to see Isabella. After all, with such a big event, it wouldn't make sense for him not to show up as the baby's father.

"Mr. Brown, you must be here to see Isabella. She's..."

Before Renee could finish, Michael's deep voice interrupted her.

"Renee, I'm here to see you!"

Michael got straight to the point. "I have something to discuss with you."

After being rejected by Isabella, he should have left with Aiden, but he couldn't shake the uneasy feeling.

So he had the driver stop the car and returned to the Wilson family.

The once-crowded funeral was now almost empty, which Michael found strange, so he decided to ask around.

He spotted Renee sitting in the hall, lost in thought.

He had been wanting to talk to this defector from the Adri family, but Isabella had always stopped him.

Now he had the chance.

Renee frowned when she heard Michael was there to see her.

Didn't he know Isabella was in the hospital?

Why would he want to chat with her?

Besides, he was Aaron's boss. She and Aaron had already made things clear, so there was nothing left to say to Michael.

"Mr. Brown, I don't get it. I'm just someone down on my luck, relying on friends for help. I don't think we have anything to talk about."

Despite Michael's status, Renee didn't give him any courtesy.

They had no mutual interests, and she didn't need his help. The only thing they could talk about was Aaron.

Michael didn't miss the opportunity. "The day you were attacked, I had sent Aaron abroad for business. That's why he missed your call, causing your misunderstanding. I owe you both an apology."

Renee raised an eyebrow. Michael, the president of the Brown Group and heir to the Brown family's century-old legacy, was speaking up for his assistant? Instead of being aloof and indifferent?

This surprised her.

She recalled what Aaron had said to her. "So, Mr. Brown, it's Aaron asking you to be here?"

Michael shook his head lightly. "He doesn't know I'm here. He returned abroad for business last night."

"He's gone again."

Renee muttered softly, then looked at Michael, understanding why he was there.

It wasn't because of Aaron or Isabella. It had to be about her identity.

But she wouldn't discuss that with an outsider.

"Thank you, Mr. Brown, for coming to tell me this. I know now. My injury has nothing to do with anyone else, and I don't blame him."

"Mr. Brown, please leave."

Renee wheeled herself away, but before leaving, she wanted to remind Michael. She could see Isabella cared about him.

Isabella was in the hospital and needed support.

"Mr. Brown, as an outsider, I think it's necessary to remind you to go see the Wilson family. Don't wait until it's too late to make amends."

As an outsider recovering at the Wilson family, she couldn't say much.

Michael had to take action himself.

And she needed to get to the hospital.

With nothing left at the Wilson family, and no news from Isabella, she was worried.

If that female "servant" was really sent by the Adri family, Isabella's unborn child would be in danger.

Renee left quickly, not giving Michael a chance to ask more.

Michael found it strange, but his unease had brought him back here, and he hadn't seen Isabella.

Renee's words, "Don't wait until it's too late," made him even more anxious.

He hurried to the main hall.

Inside, only Atticus remained, standing before Daniel's portrait, his posture straight and expression stern.

Michael approached, glanced at Daniel's photo, and stood behind Atticus.

Seeing Michael, Atticus gave him a cold look. "Why are you standing here?"

"Isabella has already told you she wants a divorce. Given your current status, it's inappropriate for you to stand before the Wilson family. Leave!"

###chapter 352  Do You Have Business Here?

Atticus's voice was calm and steady, but filled with unmistakable distance and coldness.

Even though Atticus never really liked Michael, his nephew-in-law, he always maintained the decorum expected of an elder.

Even when Atticus had hit him before, it was with a tone of disappointment, like a parent scolding a child.

But today, Atticus was treating him like a complete outsider.

He didn't even bother to look at him.

Something must have happened to make Atticus act this way.

Michael sensed it immediately.

For Atticus to change so drastically, there had to be a reason.

Michael still stood there obediently, cautiously probing, "Atticus, I know as Isabella's husband, I should be here by Grandpa Daniel's memorial. It's my fault for not being here and making you angry. From now on, I'll stay here."

He had left earlier because he was worried about his grandfather's health, afraid that returning home would make him even more upset.

And he knew that Daniel's death was a huge blow to Isabella. Staying by her side would only make her more emotional, so he thought it was better to leave for a bit and come back when she had calmed down.

But who knew that in just a few minutes, everything would change so drastically.

Hearing Michael's words, Atticus let out a cold laugh.

Of course, he was angry!

He couldn't stand the thought of Isabella suffering for three whole years because of Michael, enduring countless grievances and bullying, and now she had even lost her baby.

He wanted to beat Michael to death!

But he couldn't do that, not just because Michael was the heir to the Brown Family, but also because he still held an important place in Isabella's heart.

He didn't want Isabella to hate him in the future.

So, he could only keep his distance from Michael.

"Michael, I told you, you have nothing to do with the Wilson Family anymore. From today on, I don't want you to step foot in our family again, and I don't want you to go near Isabella. It's best if you never appear in front of her again."

"As the eldest son of the Wilson Family, I have to control my actions, but my brothers don't. If you dare to come back, whatever they do to you is your own fault!"

With that, Atticus had made his stance clear.

Daniel was dead, and the Wilson Family would no longer tolerate him.

"Atticus, what do you mean by this?"

"I know you're angry with me, but Isabella and I are still married. And we're about to have a cute baby. That bond can never be broken."

Michael knew that his foolish actions over the years had left a bad impression on Isabella's uncles.

But no matter what, he wasn't going to give up on reconciling with Isabella.

She was the only one in his heart.

As long as their child was there, their marriage couldn't be severed.

"And when the child is born, as the biological father, I can't just never see my child and the child's mother, right?"

Michael was more eager than anyone for the child's arrival, hoping it would ease the tension between him and Isabella. He wanted to learn to be a good father and husband.

He wanted to rebuild his marriage with Isabella.

But Atticus's cold laugh shattered all his hopes. "The child? You still think you're gonna have a kid?"

Atticus took a deep breath, as if he was pained for Isabella, or maybe he was just sighing.

"Isabella wanted to have this baby for you, and you know that. But you were irresponsible and failed to protect them. You two are destined to be apart."

Michael's face went pale at those words.

"Atticus, what do you mean? What do you mean I failed to protect them? What happened to Isabella and the baby?"

The baby had already passed the three-month danger period, and all the prenatal checkups showed healthy development. How could anything have gone wrong?

"Atticus, this isn't funny. Tell me what happened!"

Michael was genuinely panicking.

Atticus looked at him coldly and said, "The baby's gone. Isabella almost got hurt because of it, and it's all because of your past mistakes."

Michael collapsed to the ground, disbelief written all over his face.

"That's impossible."

He had just seen Isabella not long ago. She was fine, still arguing with him. How could things change so quickly?

Atticus turned away, facing the hall, and said, "Isabella is at the hospital. If you want to see the baby one last time, go. After three months, the fetus was already formed. It's not just you who is heartbroken."

Atticus couldn't bring himself to completely deny Michael the right to know as a father.

But seeing Michael now, Isabella would finally give up on him.

Michael wasn't right for her, and continuing this would only hurt Isabella more.

Even if it was cruel, he had to cut off her hopes.

Michael was already on his way to the hospital.

The whole way, he was stiff and numb.

The baby was gone!

Their baby was gone.

But he had just seen Isabella. She was fine, and the baby was healthy.

What had happened? How could the baby be gone?

The car sped through the streets, and Michael reached the hospital as quickly as possible.

Outside the hospital room, Michael saw Isabella sitting on the bed, her face pale as a sheet.

Isabella looked more like her mother, a cold beauty, but now she was pale, her lips bloodless.

Her long hair fell over her thin shoulders, making her look small and fragile.

Isabella was focused on a report in her hands, so she didn't notice Michael's arrival.

But Michael saw something was wrong. Her hands were shaking, and she was biting her lips, on the verge of breaking down.

What was wrong with her?

Michael was about to rush over when Olivia stepped in front of him.

"Michael, who let you in here? Get out. Isabella doesn't want to see you!"

Olivia knew how fragile Isabella's emotions were right now. If Michael appeared, she wouldn't be able to handle it.

Olivia's voice snapped Isabella out of her thoughts.

She slowly looked up and saw Michael at the door. His eyes were filled with pain and urgency, and the sorrow of losing their baby.

But her eyes were filled with despair and emptiness.

His emotions no longer affected her.

She looked at him deeply, then turned away, speaking calmly, "Do you need something?"

###chapter 353  Who Did It?

"Olivia, let him in."

Hearing Isabella's voice, Olivia stepped aside, allowing Michael to enter.

Michael had rushed over from the Wilson family estate and now stood in front of Isabella, panting and looking anxious.

But when he saw Isabella's calm, emotionless eyes, he panicked. It was the fear of losing her at any moment.

He fought the urge to rush forward and hold her, taking a deep breath. "Isabella, I heard from Atticus..."

The word "child" stuck in Michael's throat, unable to come out.

"Yes, the child is gone."

Isabella took over his words, calmly stating the fact.

No matter how much she resented Michael, he was still the child's father.

Gone was gone. No amount of tears could bring the child back.

"Say whatever you want. This is the last time anyway."

Michael shook his head. He wasn't here to blame her.

"Isabella, that's not what I meant. I wanted to say, if you take care of yourself, we can still have another child."

"The child is gone, and that's that."

At this moment, no one could feel more heartbroken than a mother.

He was worried about her health.

As long as she was okay, nothing else mattered to him.

But seeing her now, all his courage vanished.

He knew better than anyone how much Isabella loved children and wanted a child of their own.

From the day they got married three years ago, Isabella had always talked about having a baby.

Even when he said the most hurtful things to her, she didn't care. She would even climb into his bed in the middle of the night just to get pregnant.

Later, Michael found out she did all this to fulfill her grandfather's wish.

But now her grandfather was dead. Would Isabella still want to have a child with him?

The answer was no.

Hearing Michael say "The child is gone, and that's that" so lightly, Isabella's lips curled into a cold smile.

How could he say something so heartless?

That was their child, their first child in three years of marriage!

Did he not care at all?

Right, that made sense. He never cared about her, let alone their child.

Isabella's gaze fell back on the test results in her hand. She handed them to Michael with a mocking tone.

"Michael, do you want to see how our child died?"

It turned out that once she let go, she could become just as heartless.

Before he arrived, she had endured the pain of a recent abortion to get a stomach extraction. The results were in her hand.

The report, which tested for various toxins, was over ten pages long.

But on the last page, she saw a shocking conclusion.

Her child's death wasn't an accident; someone had deliberately harmed her to make her lose the baby.

She now deeply regretted agreeing to let Bianca go at Indigo's request. If she had arrested Bianca then, her child wouldn't have died!

Her grandfather wouldn't have died from a sudden illness caused by her kidnapping.

Those were two lives.

She hated not only Bianca but also Michael.

If Michael hadn't repeatedly supported Bianca, how would she have dared to harm Isabella and the child?

If she could muster the strength, she would slap him hard and demand to know what he really wanted.

Michael took the report from the bed and started reading it page by page.

Olivia, worried that Isabella might lose control, stayed close by.

Isabella looked at her and said calmly, "Olivia, wait outside for a bit. I need to talk to him alone."

She had made up her mind at her grandfather's funeral, and now she couldn't wait another second.

She wanted everyone to pay.

She wanted Bianca to pay with her life for her child's death.

She wanted Michael to remember this moment forever, to feel double the pain she felt.

The quieter Isabella was, the more uneasy Olivia felt. "Isabella, I can't leave you alone."

Especially not alone with Michael.

Olivia had seen firsthand how deeply Isabella loved him.

Who knew if Michael would provoke Isabella?

She would rather Isabella cry her heart out and express her pain than keep it bottled up.

Besides, if she hadn't given Isabella that hot milk, none of this would have happened, and Isabella wouldn't have lost her child.

She already felt immense guilt. If anything else happened to Isabella, she would never forgive herself.

Isabella understood Olivia's concerns. She shook her head. "Olivia, I'm really fine. If you're worried, just wait outside."

"The Wilson family bodyguards are here. Michael won't dare do anything."

"Alright, but be careful. Call me if you need anything."

Olivia shot Michael a warning glance before stepping outside and carefully closing the door, giving Isabella and Michael some privacy.

Michael had reached the last page of the report. His expression darkened, and he crumpled the paper in his hands.

"Who did this? I'll kill them!"

Since learning about Isabella's situation, he had suspected someone was targeting her.

Now the evidence was clear.

Their child had been lost due to poisoning.

In Evergreen City, who would dare poison his child and harm his wife?

When he found out, he would make them pay dearly.

Hearing Michael's threat, Isabella sneered. "Michael, stop pretending. Don't you know who wanted to harm our child?"

The only person who wanted to harm her and the child was Bianca.

But Bianca alone couldn't have orchestrated this. There had to be a powerful force behind her.

So, she hated not only Bianca but also Michael.

She hated him for keeping Bianca around and for letting her repeatedly try to harm her.

If he had stopped her once, she wouldn't have lost the child.

"Michael, I've told you many times, there's no future for us. I don't care who you're with."

"But why do you have to torment me? If it weren't for you, Bianca wouldn't have had the chance to get close to me, and my child wouldn't have died!"

###chapter 354 He Does Not Deserve to Be a Father

Isabella tried her best to suppress her anger, but she couldn't.

They had hurt her child. The child she had fought so hard to keep.

She could endure anything, but her child was her only weakness. He had already started moving, but he would never have the chance to come into this world.

Michael was stunned when he heard the truth.

"Isabella, you gotta believe me. I would never let anyone hurt our child. Besides, Bianca is missing."

After the kidnapping, Bianca had vanished without a trace.

No matter how many people he sent to search, they couldn't find any clues.

At first, he thought Bianca had been captured by the Wilson Family, but Isabella told him that wasn't the case. That's when he suspected the Adri Family.

But before he could act, Isabella and the child were harmed.

"Sure, you wouldn't hurt your own kid, but Michael, can you really say his death has nothing to do with you?"

Isabella clenched her fists. "If it weren't for your silent approval, would Bianca have gone to such lengths to get close to you? If you didn't still have feelings for her, would she have targeted my child?"

Isabella bit her lip to keep from breaking down.

If she could, she would unleash all the pain and suffering of these years on Michael.

He couldn't even protect his own child.

He didn't deserve to be a father.

"Isabella, don't be impulsive. Maybe things aren't as we think. My people have been looking for Bianca. She couldn't have had the chance to act."

"Maybe someone else did it. We can't be sure until we have evidence."

Michael just wanted to distance himself from Bianca.

He wanted to tell Isabella that there was nothing between him and Bianca.

That it was all a ploy to investigate the people behind Bianca.

Would Isabella hate him a little less if she knew that?

But Michael forgot that everything he did was like stabbing a knife into Isabella's heart.

Especially after losing the child, she was utterly disappointed in him.

Now, he was blatantly helping Bianca clear her name. Was he not even pretending anymore?

Or did Bianca mean more to him than their child?

Isabella felt a sharp pain in her heart. The images of Michael and Bianca embracing and kissing in the warehouse were etched in her mind.

Even though her stomach was empty, she still felt nauseous.

"Isabella, are you okay?"

Michael instinctively stepped forward to support her, but Isabella slapped his hand away.

"Michael, get out!"

Isabella, eyes red with anger, clutched her chest with one hand and pointed to the door with the other.

"Get out! You make me sick. I don't want to see you ever again!"

Isabella couldn't hold back her anger and frustration any longer. She threw everything within reach at him.

The commotion reached outside, just as Renee arrived.

She and Olivia, who had been anxiously waiting outside, pushed open the door without a word.

Isabella had lost control, and the room was in chaos. Michael stood there, letting her vent.

Olivia, seeing Isabella's pain, rushed over to hold her.

Isabella, drained of all strength, closed her eyes and clung to Olivia's clothes, uttering her final words about Michael.

"Olivia, make him leave. I don't want to see him."

"Okay, I'll have the bodyguards throw him out. He won't bother you again."

"Isabella, don't get upset. Your body can't handle this. It's not worth it."

Olivia's voice was choked with tears as she gently patted Isabella's back.

Something Olivia said triggered Isabella's grief, and she finally broke down.

"Olivia, I didn't want this."

"But my child is gone. He doesn't want me as his mother."

"It hurts so much. I wanted this child."

Isabella buried her face in Olivia's clothes and cried loudly.

It was the child she had hoped for over three years, her grandfather's last wish. Losing him was more painful than death.

"Isabella, don't be sad. There will be other children. Besides, this child was Michael's. It's better this way."

Olivia said this deliberately for Michael to hear.

Isabella had loved him for so many years, giving him countless chances even after filing for divorce. But he kept hurting her.

He chose to stay with that bitch Bianca instead of returning to his family. Why keep such a jerk?

Michael's face paled at Olivia's words.

Her words trampled on his pride as a man.

But he had no retort.

Because it was all his fault.

Isabella had every right to hate him.

The bodyguards, hearing the commotion, entered the room. Seeing Michael standing still, they hesitated to act.

After all, Michael was the CEO of the Brown Group. Not just anyone dared to touch him.

And since he and Isabella weren't officially divorced, if they reconciled, the bodyguards would be in trouble.

Olivia, seeing their hesitation, frowned and snapped.

"What are you waiting for? Didn't you hear Isabella? Get him out!"

The bodyguards had no choice but to awkwardly approach Michael and gesture for him to leave.

"Mr. Michael Brown, you should go."

They were the Wilson Family's bodyguards. If Michael upset Isabella, the Wilson Family wouldn't let it slide.

"Your presence only makes Ms. Taylor more upset."

Michael took a deep look at Isabella, clenched his fists, and was about to leave.

Suddenly, Renee, sitting in her wheelchair, exclaimed, "What's this?"

She had been picking up the scattered items and was stunned when she saw the test results.

Renee's exclamation made Michael stop and drew Olivia and Isabella's attention.

Renee picked up the papers, examining the data until she reached the last page.

Her hands trembled, and her face turned pale.

How could this be?

###chapter 355 The Source of the Poison

Renee could hardly believe what she was seeing.

She widened her eyes and held the papers up to Isabella, incredulous. "Isabella, did you lose your baby because of this?"

How could these things be here?

Was she seeing things?

But the medical terms and dense data analysis were clearly written on the papers, all of which she had painstakingly developed through countless sleepless nights.

Isabella wiped the tears from her face and explained to Renee in a hoarse voice, "The doctor said my body shouldn't have reacted so severely. It must be because of this."

"And this data was found in the remaining milk. Renee, do you know something?"

Renee had been the one to discover the problem with the milk, and Isabella's intuition told her that Renee knew something.

"Yeah."

Renee responded heavily, gripping the data tightly in her hands, avoiding any eye contact with Isabella.

"Isabella, it's my fault. I never thought they would be so ruthless."

Before she could finish, Renee burst into tears.

Isabella didn't know what had happened, but she was willing to trust Renee.

"Renee, don't be like this. This isn't your fault. It must be Bianca's doing. Even though I can't expose the group behind her yet, it doesn't mean I'll let them get away with it. Whether it's Bianca or the people behind her, I won't let any of them off the hook."

"No, it's my fault!"

Renee cried out, feeling the need to confess the truth. How could she face Isabella's kindness and Daniel's hospitality otherwise?

"Isabella, it was me. I caused you to lose your baby."

Michael's eyes darkened as he stepped in front of Renee and demanded, "What exactly happened? Explain yourself!"

Isabella sensed something was wrong but didn't want to think the worst. "Renee, take your time. I believe you."

Renee bit her lip, as if making a difficult decision.

"Isabella, I'm telling the truth. I caused your baby's death because the toxic substance found in the milk was something I developed."

She had originally gone abroad on a scholarship to use her pharmaceutical talents for the greater good, but the Adri Family had targeted her.

To control her, they had threatened her mother's life.

So she had locked herself in the lab day and night, developing various experiments and drugs for them.

This time, because she shared the same nationality as Bianca, she had been sent back home.

"Renee, do you know what you're saying?"

Isabella's eyes widened as she looked at Renee, her body trembling uncontrollably, but her rational mind told her that Renee wouldn't commit such a crime.

If she were capable of such things, she wouldn't be hunted by the people behind her.

"Aren't you a cosmetic doctor? How do you know how to develop these things?"

In Isabella's mind, Renee was Bianca's subordinate, but her job was managing a beauty salon.

But now Renee was telling her that the poison that killed her baby was her doing?

Renee knew she couldn't hide her identity any longer and didn't intend to keep it from Isabella.

She pointed to the final results on the test report and said, "This poison is an experimental drug I was forced to develop, labeled T5. It can quickly dissolve in water and cause rapid poisoning within seconds, but it leaves no trace afterward."

"And it's specifically designed for pregnant women."

Ordinary people would only suffer for a short time before metabolizing it, but even a tiny amount could cause a miscarriage in pregnant women.

The initial purpose of this drug was as a weapon in the power struggles of wealthy families abroad.

Someone had paid a high price for it, prompting the Adri Family to have her develop it.

Knowing she couldn't reverse the outcome, she had secretly reduced the toxin's harm to the mother. As long as the baby was lost, the mother wouldn't be affected.

"The drug quickly harms the mother's body, causing severe bleeding. Trying to save the baby would only harm both the mother and the child, but ultimately, the baby couldn't be saved. The best option was to terminate the pregnancy."

Renee couldn't continue.

Fortunately, the Wilson Family had prioritized Isabella's safety over the baby's, or the consequences would have been unimaginable.

Because she had personally developed the drug, she was well aware of the process and results.

But Isabella frowned. "According to you, this drug leaves no trace. So why were there milk residues in my stomach?"

"It's the milk. I said the drug dissolves in water, but that doesn't mean it can dissolve quickly in all liquids. Milk hindered its metabolism."

Renee hadn't expected the Adri Family to overlook this detail.

But it wasn't always detectable. Isabella had found out early. If it had been another half hour, even the milk would have been digested without a trace.

With these explanations, all of Isabella's questions were answered.

Others might not know Renee's special identity, but Michael certainly did.

Now it was clear that the drug that killed the baby was developed by Renee, which indirectly confirmed one thing.

The person who poisoned her was Bianca!

"Isabella, I don't expect your forgiveness. I just wanted to tell you the truth. I'm truly sorry. I didn't know the drug I made for them would be used on you."

Renee sincerely apologized to Isabella.

But she knew that no matter how many remorseful words she said, the baby couldn't come back.

But Isabella shook her head. She wasn't someone who couldn't distinguish right from wrong.

The drug was used by Bianca to target at her. No matter how much she blamed anyone or regretted drinking that glass of milk, the baby was gone.

If she continued to dwell on this, she wouldn't be able to avenge her baby and would only exhaust herself.

She sighed and looked at Renee with a calm tone.

"Renee, I know your character. This isn't your fault."

"And working for those people wasn't your choice. No one can control how the drugs they make are used. How could I blame you for this?"

The result was clear. The baby was gone, and what she wanted most was to sever ties with Michael.

In her future, he would no longer exist.

###chapter 356  Are You Having Performance Issues?

Isabella's eyes turned cold as she glared at Michael.

"Even now, you're still defending Bianca?"

With Renee presenting the evidence herself, Michael had no more excuses.

If their child had once been a bond between him and Isabella, now, in her eyes, he was nothing but a despicable man.

There was no way to mend their relationship anymore.

"Isabella, take care of yourself. I'm outta here."

With those words, Michael couldn't bear to stay any longer. In his haste, a small, delicate trinket fell from his pocket.

The sound of it hitting the floor drew everyone's attention. On the white tiles lay a small silver bear charm.

Michael bent down to pick it up, but Isabella's voice stopped him.

"How do you have that bear charm?"

Even from a distance, Isabella recognized it as the one she had thrown into the sea at Moon Bay.

But how could it have ended up with Michael? Unless he had lost it back then and bought an identical one, which was very easy for him.

Michael's eyes lit up with a spark of hope as he held the charm out to Isabella. "You recognize this bear charm? Did you throw it into the sea at Moon Bay?"

If Isabella knew the charm, did it mean she was the one who saved him back then, not Bianca?

If it was really Isabella, had he been mistaken all these years?

The thought made Michael's heart race.

But Isabella shook her head, denying it.

"No, I was mistaken. My grandfather bought me a similar one when I was a child, but it wasn't this color."

Seeing the flicker of joy in Michael's eyes, Isabella understood. Just as she had hoped countless times that he would recognize her, she could see the hope in his eyes now.

But she wanted to sever all ties with him.

So she had to say this.

She had once hated him for mistaking Bianca as his savior. Now, to get rid of him, she had to throw this back onto Bianca.

After all, he had been unconscious when she saved him and hadn't seen her face clearly. Otherwise, he wouldn't have been fooled by Bianca for so many years.

Let it be.

She didn't want any more entanglements with him.

Even if he found out she was the one who saved him, she wouldn't admit it.

"So, it just looks similar."

Disappointed, Michael couldn't hide his sadness. Without another word, he clenched the charm and left quickly.

Late at night, at the Starlit Tavern.

Michael sat in the largest private room, downing one drink after another of the strongest liquor.

The deafening music from outside seemed distant and unreal to him. He didn't even know how he had ended up there.

All he knew was that he couldn't do anything but drown himself in alcohol.

Ethan arrived as soon as he got Michael's call. He had planned to give him a piece of his mind, but seeing Michael recklessly drinking, he was stunned.

"My God, Michael, have you lost your mind? How much did you drink?"

The table was littered with empty bottles of strong liquor, and Michael, head down, was pouring drink after drink into his mouth.

When Ethan arrived, there were already seven or eight empty bottles at Michael's feet.

But Michael showed no sign of stopping.

He was like a soulless body, still gulping down the alcohol.

"Enough, man, you're killing yourself."

Ethan snatched the glass from Michael's hand and sat on the couch beside him, getting straight to the point.

"Something big must've happened to get you this upset. If there's a problem, let's figure it out. What good does drinking do?"

Michael shook his head numbly. "It can't be fixed."

He reached for another drink, but Ethan wouldn't let him. At this rate, he'd drink himself to death.

Ethan didn't want to return a drunkard to the Brown Family and get chewed out.

"Stop drinking!"

Ethan angrily pushed the bottles aside and gave Michael a hard slap on the shoulder.

"Michael, we've known each other for years. Don't you trust me?"

"Whatever it is, just spill it. Even if I can't help, I can at least give you some advice. What's the point of keeping it all inside?"

Michael kept his head down, but his thoughts were starting to clear.

He leaned back on the couch, closed his eyes, and asked a question.

"Ethan, do you think I'm a terrible person?"

Ethan was taken aback.

Terrible?

He must be really drunk to say something like that.

This was Michael, a man who held the economic lifeline of Evergreen City. Wealth, power, background-he had it all.

He was a man who was always in control, never allowing anyone to contradict him.

And now, this golden boy was questioning his own worth?

Ethan swallowed, shocked but ready to answer.

"Why would you think that? In my eyes, you're already exceptional. You took over the Brown Group at a young age and made it even better. Doesn't that prove your capability?"

Ethan was being honest.

Though they had grown up together, Michael was the most hardworking of all the privileged kids he knew.

In their circle, most people were arrogant and entitled.

But Michael had never shown those traits.

"I don't want to hear that. I'm asking about me as a person, not my abilities."

Michael waved his hand in frustration. "Do you understand what I want? Can you evaluate me as a man?"

A man?

Ethan's eyes flashed with realization, quickly catching the hint of something more personal.

As a fellow man, Ethan couldn't help but think about Michael's sex life. Given Michael and Isabella's ongoing issues, he wondered if there was a "cruel" truth.

"Michael, are you having... performance issues? No wonder you're drinking like this."

Ethan shook his head, looking Michael up and down. Michael was taller and more robust than him. How could he have performance issues at such a young age?

It didn't make sense.

###chapter 357 Bianca's Face

"Ethan, have you lost your mind?"

Just as Ethan was starting to second-guess himself, Michael shot him a look that could kill, like he wanted to strangle him.

Ethan had just asked a simple question, and Michael had the nerve to curse his sex life?

Michael was good at everything; how could he possibly have issues in the bedroom?

But ever since he and Isabella had been intimate, he hadn't been interested in any other woman.

If he couldn't win Isabella back, he might never want to have sex again.

"Come on, I was just joking. Don't take it so seriously!"

Ethan laughed it off, thinking Michael was just too embarrassed to admit it. He patted Michael on the shoulder.

"Seriously, I get it. We're all guys here. It's no big deal. I'll find a reputable clinic for you. They'll get you back on track, no problem."

Michael slapped his hand away.

"Who needs to get back on track? I told you, there's nothing wrong with me. Stop talking nonsense."

Who said he had issues? He was perfectly fine.

But Isabella was now demanding a divorce. She wouldn't even let him get close, let alone touch her.

Even if he had the energy, he had nowhere to release it.

Otherwise, he wouldn't be here drinking.

"Alright, I called you here to drink. If you keep talking about this, you can leave right now."

Michael irritably poured himself another drink.

"Come on, I drove here as fast as I could. I just sat down, and you're already kicking me out? That's not cool."

Ethan suddenly remembered something and smacked his forehead.

"If it's not about your sex life, then you and Isabella must have had another fight."

Michael didn't respond, but Ethan knew he was right.

The only person who could make Michael this upset and drive him to drink alone was Isabella.

And considering the news he heard today, it all made sense.

Ethan poured himself a drink, took a sip, and then spoke slowly. "I just heard this morning. Daniel, Isabella's grandfather, had his funeral today."

"She's just lost a family member and is carrying your child. It's normal for her to be upset. You should be more understanding."

Isabella was probably at her most vulnerable right now. Instead of being by her side, Michael was here drinking. They must have had another fight.

Isabella and Michael were always like this. They could never talk things out calmly; they had to argue all the time.

As soon as Ethan finished speaking, Michael fell silent.

After a long pause, he spoke in a hoarse voice, "Our child is gone."

Their marriage had always been on the brink of divorce. The only reason they hadn't signed the papers was because Isabella didn't want to worry her grandfather.

But their marriage problems were hard to hide, especially for such a long time.

Daniel was too sharp to be fooled.

So Isabella had kept them in this half-divorced state.

But now her grandfather was dead, and the child was gone too.

All the ways he had thought to keep Isabella were now useless. This time, he really had no options left.

"What did you say?"

Ethan's eyes widened, almost spilling his drink. "Are you serious? When did this happen?"

Michael lowered his head and said, "Today."

The cold look in Isabella's eyes at the hospital filled him with fear.

But more than that, he felt guilty towards her and their child.

One was the woman he loved, the other was the child he had eagerly awaited. How could he not be heartbroken?

"Have a drink with me, to remember my unborn child."

Michael clinked his glass with Ethan's and then downed his drink.

"Alright, if you want to."

Ethan hadn't realized Michael was carrying such a heavy burden.

Now he understood why Michael was drinking himself into oblivion.

As a friend, he couldn't leave Michael alone at a time like this.

After a few bottles, Ethan's mind was getting fuzzy.

He swayed with his drink and asked, "I haven't asked you yet. During that time you and Isabella were fighting, wasn't there a woman named Violet hanging around you? Where did she go?"

He remembered Michael being particularly fond of her.

Ethan had almost thought Violet would become the future Mrs. Brown.

Michael leaned back on the couch, his hand over his eyes, in the dark.

He sighed. "You actually know her, and quite well."

Ethan laughed sarcastically.

"You're kidding. I've only seen Violet a few times. How could I know her well? If you hadn't brought her around, I wouldn't even know who she was."

But Michael's next words almost made Ethan choke.

"She has another name: Bianca."

"Bianca?"

Ethan's eyes widened. He thought he must have misheard, but Michael's calm demeanor made him believe it.

But when he tried to recall Violet's face, something didn't add up.

"Wait, if she's really Bianca, how could she have two completely different faces? Did she get plastic surgery and come back with a new face?"

Bianca had been a well-known piano prodigy in Evergreen City. When she disappeared, the media had covered it extensively.

But that was only a few months ago. Even if Bianca had gone abroad for surgery, she couldn't have recovered so quickly.

It was too unbelievable!

"Michael, are you messing with me? I saw Violet on the yacht. Her face didn't show any signs of surgery, and in such a short time. Are you sure she's really Bianca?"

Michael gritted his teeth. "It's her, no doubt about it."

Even she had admitted it. He had no reason to doubt it anymore.

But as Ethan said, there was something off about Bianca's face.

How could she change her face so drastically in such a short time?

Could it be that the Adri Family had some advanced biotechnology?

Michael suddenly thought of someone.

Renee!

If what she said today was true, then she was a pawn in the Adri Family's pharmaceutical schemes.

Since she was in research, could Bianca's new face be her work?

###chapter 358 Drunk as a Skunk

If it really was her, then he was one step closer to uncovering the truth about the Adri Family.

But before tackling that huge problem, he had to deal with Bianca first.

She had killed his child.

She had also made Isabella lose all trust in him, causing Isabella and Michael to separate with no chance of reconciliation.

If it weren't for her, he would have already made up with Isabella and been there to watch their child grow up healthy and happy.

He would never let her go.

Seeing Michael's reaction and expression, Ethan couldn't help but sigh deeply for his friend's plight.

He had never liked Bianca.

In his opinion, she couldn't hold a candle to Isabella.

Bianca always put on this weak, helpless act, as if everyone was out to get her.

Women like that made him uncomfortable.

But Michael protected her no matter what she did, never getting angry and always cleaning up her messes.

Ethan just couldn't understand it. Did Michael have terrible taste in women? How could he choose to protect a fake, innocent Bianca over a cool, elegant wife like Isabella?

Ethan wanted to ask, emboldened by the alcohol, but seeing Michael's dark expression, he swallowed his curiosity and quickly changed the subject.

"Alright, alright, let's not talk about unhappy things."

"So, what are you going to do about Isabella? You can't just leave it like this, right?"

Ethan didn't dare say it outright, but knowing Isabella's temper, losing her child meant she probably wouldn't get back together with Michael.

After all, she was a cherished daughter of the Wilson Family, a princess who had been pampered all her life. There was no way she would come back to endure this pain.

"Divorce is not an option!"

Michael's tone was firm.

He had just thought of a solution.

Isabella always thought there was something going on between him and Bianca, right?

Then he would get rid of Bianca.

If she thought he wasn't sincere enough, he would lay his heart bare for her. He would solve any problem standing in their way.

Whether she forgave him or not, he would never let her go again.

"Michael, isn't that a bit much?"

She didn't like him anymore. Forcing it would only make things worse.

Seeing Michael's determined look, Ethan couldn't bear to burst his bubble and sighed.

"You've come this far. If you keep pushing, you'll only make things harder for Isabella and more painful for yourself."

Why bother?

Couldn't they just part ways amicably?

"But she's all I have. I only love her."

Michael's voice was soft but unwavering.

He hadn't realized how much he cared for her at first, but after three years of marriage and her filing for divorce, he finally woke up.

He had feelings for her, but he just didn't want to admit it.

They had gone through so much together during the divorce turmoil, and he had come to understand her more deeply, learning about her hidden sides.

His affection had long since turned into deep love. He didn't know what he would become if he let go.

But he never wanted to find out.

Hearing Michael's heartfelt confession, Ethan decided not to push further.

It was something he should have realized sooner, but it took an irreversible situation for him to understand his own heart.

Ethan didn't know whether to be happy for Michael or sad for Isabella.

But no matter what, outsiders could never truly understand the feelings of those involved.

All he could do was understand and respect.

"Alright, I won't say more. I support you in finding true love. Don't let her down again."

That night, they both drank heavily.

But Michael drank the most.

Ethan helped him, called a driver, and took him to the Brown Villa.

It wasn't that Ethan didn't know Michael's other places, but with Michael this drunk, Ethan couldn't leave him somewhere unattended.

But the Brown Villa was different.

Aiden and Michael's mother, Stella, were there, ensuring he wouldn't pass out alone in the middle of the night.

Ethan dropped Michael on the couch, exhausted.

Aiden was already asleep, but Stella, woken by the noise, saw Michael passed out on the couch and immediately called for help.

Worried about waking Aiden, Stella had Michael taken to a bedroom upstairs.

But Michael, as if deliberately opposing Stella, refused to be touched, shouting, "Isabella, you can't divorce me! I won't agree! I'll never agree!"

Stella turned pale, gently patting Michael's arm and soothing him, "No divorce, no divorce. We'll do as you say, okay?"

"Calm down, or if you wake your grandfather, we'll both be in trouble."

Stella wished she could gag him.

But her words worked.

Michael quieted down immediately, "You said it, no divorce."

"Yes, yes, I said it, no divorce."

Seeing this, Stella signaled the servants to help him upstairs.

Only then did she breathe a sigh of relief. Seeing Ethan equally drunk, she said, "Ethan, you're too drunk to go home. Stay here tonight. It's safer to leave when you're sober."

Ethan and Michael's close relationship was well-known, and their families were acquainted.

Though they didn't interact much as adults, Stella's offer showed their bond hadn't faded.

Ethan, with a pounding headache, politely asked, "Mrs. Stella Brown, will it bother you if I stay?"

Stella laughed, waving her hand, "Not at all. You always stayed with Michael when you were kids. It's late, don't go."

She called a servant, "Take him to the guest room on the first floor."

"Thank you."

Ethan, too tired to go home, agreed.

As Ethan staggered away, Stella, worried about Michael, sighed and went upstairs.

Michael was already in bed, his jacket off.

He had lost a lot of weight, dark circles under his eyes, and looked utterly worn out.

Seeing her son like this, Stella's heart ached.

###chapter 359  Can't Escape

The next morning.

Michael squinted against the sunlight streaming through the window, raising a hand to shield his eyes. To his surprise, he saw his mother, Stella, asleep in a chair by his bed.

"Mom? What are you doing here?"

Michael thought he was still at Elysian Heights Estate, the home he shared with his wife, Isabella. Stella rarely visited him there.

Stella, a light sleeper, woke up instantly at the sound of his voice. She realized her son was still hungover and confused about where he was.

She glared at him, "Open your eyes and look around. This is the Brown Villa, not your place. You're a grown man, Michael. When will you stop making me worry?"

Michael looked around and finally recognized the familiar surroundings. Ethan had brought him back to the Brown Villa last night.

He was in the master bedroom on the second floor, the room he and Isabella had shared for a long time. It was filled with memories of her, memories he had been avoiding.

Now, seeing these familiar scenes, he finally understood why Isabella couldn't forgive him.

He had been such a jerk.

She had treated him with genuine love, and he had taken it for granted, neglecting her in countless ways.

Stella saw the pale look on his face and reached out to touch his forehead. "Michael, are you okay? Does your head still hurt?"

Seeing his mother had stayed up all night to take care of him, Michael shook his head and gently held her hand.

"I'm fine, Mom. I'm sorry for worrying you."

He had been so immature, always thinking his mother was too controlling, trying to manage every aspect of his life.

So he had rebelled against her at every turn.

He never paid attention to family matters.

It wasn't until everything happened with Isabella that he started to focus on his family. He realized how much he had neglected.

His understanding of his mother began to change.

If he had shown more concern for his mother back then, maybe she wouldn't have blamed Isabella for his rebellion.

He had been indifferent, leaving his mother to believe that all his unhappiness was caused by Isabella.

This had made her increasingly harsh towards Isabella.

Now that he finally saw the truth, it was too late.

"A mother worrying about her child is only natural. As long as you're okay, I'll do anything," Stella said, her voice choking with emotion.

She sighed, "Michael, I can see everything clearly now. If you can't let go of Isabella, go and win her back. But you have to treat her well this time."

Stella reflected on her own actions. "I was misled by the Taylor family's lies and blamed everything on Isabella. If she comes back to the Brown family, I'll really nice to her."

The recent events had made Stella realize a lot.

She wouldn't interfere in Michael's marriage anymore.

But she wondered if it was too late for her to change, and if Isabella would forgive her past mistakes.

"Mom, it's good that you understand, but please stay out of my business with Isabella."

Michael couldn't bring himself to tell her about the miscarriage, so he kept it a secret for now.

"Where's Ethan? He brought me back last night. Did he leave?"

Michael remembered the drinking session with Ethan. They had both had a lot to drink. He wondered how Ethan was doing now.

"Ethan left already," Stella said, recalling the report from the servant last night. "He was going to stay the night, but he got a call and left in a hurry."

"He left in the middle of the night?"

Michael was surprised.

He couldn't understand what could be so urgent for Ethan to leave in the middle of the night.

He knew Ethan's parents were in good health, and the company didn't need Ethan's attention. Ethan usually spent his time partying or racing.

Maybe Ethan had found something new and exciting.

Seeing it was getting late, Michael got up to leave. "Mom, I have to go to the office."

Stella quickly stopped him. "Michael, you haven't been home in a while. Your grandfather has been in a bad mood since attending Daniel's funeral yesterday. Why don't you spend some time with him?"

Michael hesitated. "It's better if I don't. Seeing me will only make him angrier."

He remembered how Aiden had been upset when Isabella returned the gemstone pendant.

Aiden's eyes had been red with sorrow.

Now that the baby was gone, Michael felt even more ashamed to face Aiden.

If Aiden asked about Isabella, he didn't know if he could keep lying.

Stella understood and sighed, not pressing the issue.

"Alright, I'll have the servants make you some hot porridge. You drank a lot last night, and your stomach must be upset."

"No need, Mom. I'm not hungry. I'll eat something at the office."

It was clear Michael was avoiding Aiden, and Stella had to go along with it.

He wasn't a child anymore; she couldn't make decisions for him.

"Okay, go ahead."

As Michael headed downstairs, he saw Sophia waiting.

Sophia was Aiden's personal attendant.

"Mr. Michael Brown, Mr. Aiden Brown has been waiting for you. Please follow me," she said respectfully.

Michael was taken aback.

He hadn't expected Aiden to have someone waiting for him.

"Sophia, there's an urgent meeting at the office. Tell my grandfather I'll see him later."

Sophia interrupted him, "Mr. Michael Brown, you know Mr. Aiden Brown's temper. You should go see him."

"Besides, Mr. Aiden Brown said no company matter is more important than what he has to say. You should consider what's more important."

Michael pressed his lips together, knowing Aiden was angry.

It made sense.

Aiden must have connected the dots about Isabella and Michael's relationship after she returned the pendant. He was bound to confront Michael sooner or later.

There was no point in avoiding it.

Michael nodded to Sophia and headed to Aiden's quarters.

In the backyard garden, Aiden was sitting at a table, enjoying his coffee and the flowers, looking quite relaxed.

But Michael knew better than to be complacent. The calmer Aiden seemed, the more uneasy Michael felt.

Sophia left them alone, and Michael took a few steps forward, calling out obediently.

"Grandpa!"

Aiden snorted, "You finally decided to show up. Sit down!"

###chapter 360  What Have You Done?

Michael nodded and sat down, bracing himself for a harsh scolding or, at worst, a physical beating from Aiden.

He was ready for the worst.

But instead, a steaming cup of coffee was placed in front of him.

Aiden spoke slowly, "Give it a try. A friend sent me this new blend."

Michael stared at the cup, momentarily stunned.

Aiden had made it sound so serious earlier, only to have him come over for a cup of coffee?

Aiden's emotions were always hard to read, his face a constant mask. Michael decided it was best not to bring up any sensitive topics.

Under Aiden's expectant gaze, Michael picked up the cup and took a small sip.

He wasn't much of a coffee drinker and knew little about it. Naturally, he couldn't offer any insightful comments on the coffee.

If he had to say something, he could only comment on the taste.

The strong coffee slid down his tongue, and the bitterness instantly made Michael, who was already hungover from the night before, furrow his brows.

Aiden's coffee was usually rich and aromatic, but today's coffee was absurdly bitter.

Before he could put the cup down, Aiden's voice rang out, "How does it taste?"

Michael looked up to see Aiden's serious expression. Not wanting to upset his grandfather, he forced himself to swallow.

"It's... unique."

"Glad you appreciate it. Have another cup. I wouldn't share this with just anyone."

Aiden raised an eyebrow and poured Michael another cup, watching him drink it all.

Michael's temple throbbed. If he couldn't see Aiden's intention by now, he didn't deserve to be the heir of the Brown Group.

But Aiden had spoken, so he had no choice but to drink.

Facing Aiden's "deliberate difficulty," Michael downed the cup of coffee in one gulp, the bitterness spreading from his tongue to his stomach.

His hangover was completely gone.

"Not bad. This coffee can only be appreciated by those who understand its flavor. I didn't expect someone your age to appreciate it."

Aiden said, placing another cup of coffee in front of Michael.

It was clear Aiden was making things difficult for Michael.

He was waiting to see when Michael would give in.

Looking at the increasingly bitter coffee in front of him, Michael had no choice but to surrender.

"Grandpa, I know you have issues with me. Just say what you need to say and stop torturing me."

Aiden had always treated him as his favorite child, speaking his mind directly.

Even when Aiden was angry, he would vent his anger with a good scolding.

Aiden's sudden change to a silent approach made Michael feel extremely tormented.

But Aiden didn't get angry. Instead, he calmly stared at Michael for a moment before suddenly smiling.

"Do you even know what good coffee is? I called you over to try a new coffee, and you say I'm torturing you?"

As he spoke, Aiden picked up the coffee pot and poured Michael another cup.

He raised his hand, "Drink up. Didn't you say you liked it?"

Michael finally understood.

If he didn't finish this pot of coffee, Aiden wouldn't speak the truth.

So he picked up the cup and downed the rest in one go, the bitterness numbing his lips.

Seeing Aiden about to brew another pot, Michael quickly stopped him, "Grandpa, please, give me a break. How much more do you want me to drink?"

He didn't want to touch another drop.

Hearing this, Aiden finally let him off, sneering, "So you do know what bitterness is? I thought you were so spoiled you didn't know what suffering was."

Michael was at a loss for words.

How was he supposed to know Aiden was waiting for him here?

But his situation with Isabella was exactly like this. He was suffering in silence.

"If you won't speak, then I will."

Aiden's demeanor changed instantly, his face cold, "Michael, tell me, what did you do to Isabella? Why would she return the gemstone pendant you gave her so heartbroken? Don't tell me you don't know why."

Michael felt a tightness in his chest at these words.

Before Aiden spoke, he only felt panic. But now that Aiden was asking these questions, he felt like a huge stone was pressing on his heart.

He could hardly breathe.

"Grandpa, I don't know what to say."

He hadn't told Isabella the significance of the gemstone pendant, only wanting her to wear it to fulfill a small wish of his.

But she had returned it in front of Aiden, saying she wouldn't reconcile with Michael.

She had made her stance clear, so any explanation now was pointless.

"You don't know what to say?"

Aiden frowned in anger, "I think you're too guilty to speak. I know Isabella's character well. If you hadn't wronged her, why would she be so heartbroken to return the pendant at her grandfather's funeral?"

"Do you still want to hide the truth from me? Tell me, what did you do to her?"

"Grandpa, believe me, I did nothing!"

Michael looked up at Aiden with unwavering determination.

Whether it was three years ago or now, he had misunderstood Isabella, but he had never betrayed their marriage.

He had never wronged her.

He had always liked her, and despite the misunderstandings and obstacles, he wasn't the kind of person to betray his feelings.

"Say that again?"

Aiden had always believed that the heir he had raised, despite some minor mistakes, would never cross the line of basic morality and integrity.

But now, he had to reconsider.

"How can you say that? How did that woman, Violet, come into our family? And that night at the lakeside cottage, do I need to spell out what you did?"

That night, not only he but also Isabella and the Wilson family had witnessed everything.

Even now, Michael wanted to deny it?

"Michael, I'm old, but that doesn't mean I can't find out the truth. When Isabella was pregnant, you claimed to have cut ties with Violet, but you secretly kept her and even brought her into the office. You've disgraced the Brown family!"

When the company's shareholders brought the news to Aiden, he was so furious he nearly had a stroke, needing half a bottle of blood pressure medication to calm down.

Michael had promised Aiden he would treat Isabella and the child well.

And what did he do?

He turned around and got involved with those women.

###chapter 361  The Baby is Gone?

Previously, there was Bianca, who turned the household upside down.

Now, there was Violet.

Aiden couldn't wrap his head around it. Michael had agreed to marry Isabella himself, so why did everything change after the wedding?

Not only did Michael neglect her all the time, but he also brought those shady women home just to spite Isabella.

Isabella, being a woman, had no one to turn to when she was mistreated.

Even if it wasn't Isabella, anyone else in her position wouldn't stay with Michael after such behavior.

Michael was bound to ruin his family sooner or later!

"Grandpa, I'll handle these matters. You don't need to worry about it."

Michael felt wronged too.

He couldn't tell Aiden that keeping Violet around was to investigate the mysterious family behind her. Even if he did, Aiden wouldn't believe him and would think he was making excuses.

Aiden's current opinion of him was already clear.

"If I don't care about you, who will?"

Aiden was so angry his mustache seemed to twitch. "It was because I didn't intervene before that you mistreated Isabella like this. If I don't step in now, are you going to deny your own child next?"

Aiden was old, but he hadn't been the head of the family for decades for nothing.

The Wilson Family's business had expanded into Evergreen City, and with their current momentum, they would soon be on par with the Brown Group.

Besides Evergreen City, the Wilson Family also had significant influence in the East.

Would the Wilson Family be willing to give this child to the Brown Family, especially to an irresponsible father like Michael? It was a pipe dream!

So, if Aiden wanted to see his great-grandchild every day, the best solution was to make Michael win Isabella back.

But he didn't expect...

"Grandpa, if you're only stepping in because of the child, there's no need."

Hearing this, Aiden looked up sharply, his eyes filled with deep doubt and disbelief.

The next moment, Michael revealed the truth.

"Grandpa, the child is gone."

It was a short sentence, but Michael used all his strength to say it.

Aiden's lifelong hope was shattered.

"What nonsense are you talking about?"

"What do you mean the child is gone? The child was fine in Isabella's belly. I saw her at Daniel's funeral yesterday. Are you lying to me again?"

Aiden's face turned pale with anger.

He had dreamed of holding his great-grandchild, and now Michael suddenly said the child was gone. How could he accept that?

He had even thought of the child's future name.

Michael pressed his lips together, his eyes filled with suppressed pain and sadness.

"Grandpa, do you think I would joke about something like this? The child was lost yesterday."

But Michael didn't dare tell Aiden the real reason for the miscarriage.

Aiden was old. If he knew Isabella was being targeted and that someone had harmed the child to achieve their goal, he wouldn't be able to handle it.

But the truth about the child couldn't be hidden for long. It was better to be honest with Aiden now than to let him find out and speculate wildly.

Aiden took a while to accept the loss of his great-grandchild.

He took a deep breath. "Michael, what really happened? Tell me the truth."

Michael lowered his eyes and gave the prepared explanation.

"Her grandfather's sudden death devastated Isabella, and she accidentally miscarried."

"That's it?"

Aiden couldn't believe it.

But thinking about Isabella's feelings for her grandfather, he had to believe it.

He sighed deeply. "Daniel's sudden death must have been a huge blow to Isabella. Now that she's lost the child, she must be the most heartbroken. She wanted to give the Wilson Family and herself a family member, but it ended like this."

Aiden shook his head in resignation.

Isabella had never received parental love growing up, and now she had lost two more loved ones. She must be devastated.

His gaze returned to Michael. Aiden finally understood why Michael had been reluctant to say more.

Without the child, would Isabella come back?

Thinking of the gemstone pendant Isabella had returned yesterday, Aiden guessed the outcome.

But he still held on to hope. "What are you and Isabella going to do next?"

Michael gave a bitter smile. "I don't know. She might go to court."

He didn't want to say these things to make Aiden sad.

But Isabella's attitude was clear.

His attempts to keep her had failed.

The only thing he could do now was to find Bianca and deal with her before Isabella came to him, then slowly explain everything to her.

"I won't allow you to divorce!"

Aiden suddenly slammed his hand on the table, his expression resolute. "Michael, I'll tell you one last time. The Brown Family will only recognize Isabella as the granddaughter-in-law. No other woman will be allowed in this house."

"Get her back, no matter what it takes. Do you hear me?"

Aiden's command was also Michael's wish.

But as beautiful as the idea was, reality was much harder.

He had no idea where to start, but he had to agree to give Aiden a glimmer of hope.

"I understand, Grandpa. I won't give up on Isabella, and I don't want a divorce. If there's nothing else, I'll head back to the office."

Aiden, disheartened by the news about the child, waved Michael away.

On the way to the office, Michael sat in the car, feeling suffocated by the weight on his chest.

He had promised Aiden to bring Isabella back to the Brown Family.

But he couldn't even see Isabella now.

And Isabella was determined to divorce him. She wouldn't listen to a word he said.

The thought of receiving divorce papers from Isabella at any moment made Michael incredibly anxious.

He sighed, sped up the car, and felt a bit calmer watching the scenery blur past.

Just then, his phone rang from his jacket pocket.

Seeing the number, Michael quickly pulled over and answered the call.

"Aaron, what's up?"

"Mr. Brown, good news."

Aaron's voice on the other end was filled with excitement.

"Something big happened. The Adri Family is having internal issues, and it's causing quite a stir. They're even fighting among themselves. The dispute is over the price the mining site manager wants, which they refused to pay, leading to a complete breakdown in negotiations."

"Today, the mining site manager approached us for a partnership, saying that if this deal is profitable, they would consider a long-term agreement in the future!"

###chapter 362 She Cannot Cry

Hearing that the overseas crisis had been resolved, Michael finally felt a wave of relief wash over him.

The Adri Family had been trying to undermine his influence for quite some time now.

If he could secure the mineral resources from Auroria this time, establishing a foothold there in the future wouldn't be out of the question.

This incident made it clear that while the Adri Family was vast and powerful, their internal relationships were more tangled than Michael had imagined.

If he could find a weak spot, he could start to dismantle this enormous, mysterious family from within.

Michael's eyes darkened with determination. He suddenly felt more confident about taking on the Adri Family.

Back to the present, Michael continued discussing the overseas matters with Aaron.

"So, how did the negotiations go? What kind of profit margin are we looking at?"

In situations where the other party was eager to cooperate, it was usually necessary to concede some benefits. If they agreed too readily, it might make them seem desperate.

In this regard, he had complete trust in Aaron.

After all, Aaron had been by his side for many years, handling countless projects of all sizes. He knew the ins and outs and the tricks of the trade.

"Mr. Brown, I get what you're saying. When they first approached us, I didn't say much. I just showed them our contract intentions. Now we're waiting for them to come back to the table. I'm confident I can get them to agree to a price that's ten percent lower than our estimate."

Aaron had long since mastered the art of reading people from his time with Michael.

This time, he was determined to win a round against the Adri Family.

So, this project was a must-win for him.

"Ten percent lower is good enough. The overseas market is different from the domestic one. Don't push too hard."

Michael advised.

He was mainly worried that Aaron might take unnecessary risks to get what he wanted.

Such actions could easily invite retaliation from competitors.

The overseas situation was unstable, and with the freedom to carry firearms, they had to play it safe to ensure their survival.

After hanging up the phone, Michael's mind was still on the matter.

The Auroria mining project had been stalled for a long time, with local forces constantly disrupting it, unwilling to let foreign investments into their circle.

But why did the Adri Family suddenly have internal issues at this time?

Moreover, he had investigated the person in charge of the mine, who was a thorough opportunist, selling to the highest bidder.

Why did this person compromise so easily this time?

After all, the Adri Family was the largest family business locally and even nationally.

The more Michael thought about it, the more something seemed off.

But he couldn't afford to wait any longer on the project, or the wasted manpower and resources would be too much.

And the quality of the Auroria mine was top-notch, with low prices.

Once he secured the mining rights, it would have a huge impact on the jewelry market, potentially allowing the Brown Group to monopolize it.

Further, he could expand his influence in Auroria.

Driven by enormous profits, he couldn't afford to give up this lucrative opportunity, no matter how strange it seemed.

All he could do now was to caution Aaron not to take too many risks.

He just needed to secure the project.

Three days later, Isabella was discharged from the hospital.

During this time, Olivia had been by Isabella's side. On the day of discharge, her agent called, asking her to return for an event, so she had to leave.

Renee and Cinda stayed with Isabella, and Cinda had already packed everything early.

Just as they were about to leave, five tall figures appeared outside.

All five of her uncles had come.

Seeing them almost filling the doorway, Isabella felt both warm and amused. "Uncles, I'm just getting discharged. You didn't all need to come."

Her uncles' love for her was as strong as ever.

But seeing them so concerned reminded her of her grandfather.

If her grandfather knew she had lost the baby, he would have been the first to come and hug her, saying, "It's okay, everything will be fine."

Her grandfather was the person who loved her most in the world.

But he had left her.

Thinking about returning to the Wilson Family and never seeing her grandfather again made Isabella's eyes well up.

Cinda quickly came over to comfort her. "Ms. Taylor, no more crying now that you're discharged. Take care of yourself."

Renee handed her a tissue just in time.

Atticus, guessing Isabella's thoughts, walked over and gently hugged her, patting her head.

"It's okay. Even though Grandpa is gone, you still have us uncles. We'll always be your strongest support, no matter what!"

His words instantly resonated with the other uncles.

Isabella wiped her tears and took a deep breath. "Uncle Atticus, I understand. I just miss Grandpa so much."

"I know." Atticus didn't say more, just gently patted her to comfort her.

After being discharged, Isabella originally wanted to return to the villa at Whispering Pines Estates, but she also wanted to visit the Wilson Family.

However, thinking about going home and not seeing her grandfather waiting on the couch made her heart ache.

She didn't dare to try, fearing she would break down in tears.

"Isabella, let's go home. Your uncles are all here."

Atticus gently held her hand, passing his strength to her.

Isabella didn't want to regret it, so she nodded lightly in agreement.

The Wilson Family

After getting out of the car, Isabella sat on the couch as usual, as if her grandfather was still there with her.

Back then, she used to be annoyed by his constant nagging and would give him young people's gadgets to distract him.

Renee would sit quietly reading a book nearby, but she was actually listening to their conversation, unable to stop smiling.

But now the living room was very quiet.

Even with the housekeeper managing things and people around her, Isabella still felt very lonely.

She missed her grandfather, his nagging, and his voice.

But she would never hear them again.

Isabella looked up and blinked. She couldn't cry.

Her grandfather's greatest wish was for her to live happily. She couldn't let him see her in tears.

The Wilson Family's five brothers seemed to be caught in their own sadness too.

The atmosphere in the house became somewhat oppressive.

At this moment, the butler cautiously approached and asked, "It's time for lunch."

Atticus frowned but said nothing. Isabella stood up, breaking the heavy silence.

"I'm hungry. Let's have lunch."

This was the first time they had gathered for a meal since their grandfather passed away.

His photo still hung on the wall, and she didn't want him to see them sad.

During the meal, they placed a set of utensils for Daniel, following their usual order, but this time there was no laughter, only soft sobs.

No one looked up; they all silently shed tears, mourning together.

###chapter 363 A Lot of Effort

It seemed like everyone knew it was time to put away their tears. After wiping their eyes with tissues, they quietly began eating their lunch.

No one tried to start a conversation; everyone was lost in their own thoughts.

Isabella was thinking about her grandfather.

She knew her uncles were too.

After lunch, the uncles left one by one, leaving Atticus to handle the affairs at home.

Renee was still recovering. She and Cinda had tirelessly taken care of her in the hospital, and now she was finally home.

With the house staff around, they could finally get some rest.

But Isabella didn't want to sit idle.

She asked where Atticus was and learned he was in the study. She made a cup of coffee and headed there.

She had come for a reason.

At her grandfather's funeral, she had sensed Atticus's emotions, but it wasn't the right time to discuss them, so she had put it off.

A light knock came from outside. Atticus, sitting at his desk, thought it was one of the staff and called out, "Come in," without looking up.

Isabella pushed the door open and placed the coffee in front of Atticus.

Atticus, wearing silver-framed glasses, looked up when he saw the cup and was surprised to see Isabella.

"Isabella?" he said, taken aback. "You shouldn't be doing this. You should be resting in your room."

Isabella had been brought back from the Taylor Family by Daniel when she was seven. She had endured a lot, and since coming to the Wilson Family, they had never let her do anything.

Atticus, being much older, had always treated her like a princess, never letting her do any chores.

"Uncle Atticus, don't be so worried. It's just a cup of coffee," Isabella said with a light laugh, seeing how tense he was.

She pulled out a chair and sat down.

Seeing that Isabella had come specifically to talk to him, Atticus put aside his work and fetched a light blanket to cover her legs.

"Are you bored being alone and came to chat with me?" he asked, thinking she needed company.

But Isabella's next words caught him off guard.

"Uncle Atticus, I want to ask you something. Now that Grandpa is gone, do you still plan to live alone?"

Atticus, who had been focused on work, was momentarily at a loss for words.

After a pause, he said slowly, "Isabella, I'm fine as I am. No worries, no burdens. Besides, my job is dangerous. It's better this way."

He reached for a cigarette in the drawer but stopped, remembering Isabella was there, and put it back.

Isabella, recovering from a miscarriage, was too weak for him to smoke around her.

But she noticed all his little actions.

Atticus was always disciplined, rarely touching cigarettes or alcohol due to his job. Why did he want to smoke as soon as she mentioned his personal life?

Could it be because of Olivia?

The thought made Isabella more convinced that there was something between Atticus and Olivia.

"Uncle Atticus, you can't let your job dictate your entire future. What if someone likes you? Would you just let that slip away?" Isabella said, knowing Atticus was rational and steady, but love required a bit of impulsiveness. If everything was measured logically, happiness would slip through his fingers.

She could see Olivia's feelings. Though Olivia claimed there was no future with Atticus, she was waiting for him to make a move.

A woman's heart always leaned towards the one she loved.

If he looked back, he'd see someone waiting for him.

That's why Isabella wanted to talk to Atticus. Olivia had a fiery temper, and if she got hurt, it might be too late for Atticus to win her back.

Atticus caught the meaning in Isabella's words.

His expression darkened. "Isabella, did you hear some rumors?"

If Olivia had sent Isabella to talk to him, he wouldn't forgive her.

He had made it clear to Olivia that Isabella was his only bottom line.

As long as Isabella was happy, he asked for nothing else.

He didn't care about his love life or whether he'd ever marry and have children.

But now, Olivia was involving Isabella?

He wouldn't tolerate it.

"Uncle Atticus, no one told me. I figured it out myself. I can see what's going on between you and Olivia," Isabella said calmly, not seeing it as a big deal.

Atticus, though much older, was still fit and handsome from his years in the military.

"You've known for a while?" Atticus's face reddened, as if caught doing something wrong.

Isabella was more relaxed. "Yes, and I think you two are perfect for each other. You're my uncle, and Olivia is my best friend. I'd be happy for you."

"But I'm not trying to force anything. I just hope you understand your feelings and don't realize too late who you truly care about."

She could only advise. Whether Atticus and Olivia ended up together was up to them.

Love was something outsiders couldn't control.

"Atticus, I think Grandpa would want you to find your own happiness. If you're worried about age or status, don't be. Just focus on whether you love that person."

Without waiting for a response, Isabella stood up to leave.

She didn't want to make Atticus uncomfortable.

She had said what she needed to. The rest was up to him.

But she believed Atticus would understand her intentions.

Years ago, Atticus had insisted on joining the military, giving up his inheritance, and had always felt guilty about it, especially towards their grandfather.

Now, with Daniel gone, he was taking on all the family responsibilities, not giving himself a break.

She didn't want Atticus to live solely for the family's sake. It was too exhausting.

He needed his own life and a family of his own.

After leaving the study, Isabella returned to her room.

Maybe it was because she was still weak, but she fell asleep almost immediately.

###chapter 364 Stella Visits

In her dream, Isabella found herself enveloped in a thick, white fog. She saw the figures of her grandparents slowly approaching, leaning on each other for support.

Even though they were close, her grandfather's voice seemed to come from another realm.

"Isabella, don't be afraid. Everything will get better. You need to find your own happiness," he said.

And with that, he vanished.

Isabella stood there, tears streaming down her face uncontrollably.

She nodded gently, "I will be happy, Grandpa."

As long as she completely separated from Michael, she could start a new life.

When she woke up, Isabella touched the tears still on her face, the dream lingering in her mind as if her grandfather had really been there.

Suddenly, there was a soft knock on the door.

Cinda's voice came through, "Ms. Taylor, are you in there? There's a lady downstairs who says she's Mrs. Brown and wants to see you."

Isabella frowned. Stella?

Why would she come here?

But whatever the reason, Isabella didn't want to see her.

Not just her, she didn't want to see anyone from the Brown family, especially Michael.

"Tell her I'm not available. Please ask her to leave."

She and Michael would soon no longer be married; the divorce was just a matter of time. There was no need to get entangled with his family anymore.

Besides, from what she remembered, Stella wasn't exactly a pleasant person.

If they ended up arguing downstairs, it would only cause her more stress.

And if Atticus got involved, it would be even more troublesome.

The best solution was to avoid her altogether.

"Yes, Ms. Taylor."

Cinda turned and went downstairs.

A few minutes later, there was another knock on the door.

This time, Isabella opened it and let Cinda in. Cinda said, "Ms. Taylor, Mrs. Brown has left, but she left a lot of supplements downstairs and asked me to pass on a message."

Isabella was surprised. "What did she say?"

"Mrs. Brown said she understands your sadness and that no matter what happens, your health should come first."

Isabella was stunned by these words.

She couldn't believe they came from Stella.

Stella had never shown such concern for her, not in the three years of their marriage, and certainly not after she moved out.

Why the sudden change?

Isabella looked at Cinda in disbelief. "She didn't say anything else?"

Cinda thought for a moment and nodded. "No, just that you should take care of yourself. That's all."

Seeing Isabella's strange expression, Cinda also found it odd. "Ms. Taylor, was she not good to you before?"

Isabella pressed her lips together, not wanting to involve the child.

She felt that after three years of being mother-in-law and daughter-in-law, there was no need to slander each other now that they were getting divorced.

"It's nothing. I just didn't expect her to say something like that."

Given Stella's usual behavior, she would have been eager for Isabella to stay far away from her son or to divorce Michael as soon as possible to make her happy.

As Isabella was trying to figure out what was going on with Stella, her phone suddenly rang.

Seeing the caller ID, she froze.

It was Aiden.

A few days ago, at her grandfather's funeral, she had resolutely returned the gemstone pendant Michael had given her to Aiden.

She knew Aiden would understand her meaning but would be saddened by it.

But she had no choice.

She didn't want to be entangled with Michael any longer.

Now that Aiden was calling, it must be about this matter.

Isabella hesitated for a moment but didn't want to worry him, so she answered the call in the last few seconds.

Aiden was the one person in the Brown family who truly cared for her. No matter what happened between her and Michael, she would never treat Aiden as a stranger.

"Grandpa Aiden."

As soon as she spoke, her voice was filled with guilt and grievance.

"Isabella, why are you crying? Did Michael upset you again? Tell Grandpa, and I'll teach him a lesson."

Aiden had been worried about Isabella's health and had been anxious for days before finally making this call.

Hearing Isabella's tearful voice, he immediately wanted to grab his cane and stand up for her.

"No, Grandpa, it's not him. I just miss you."

Hearing Aiden's voice made Isabella feel like her grandfather was still with her.

Aiden had always been sympathetic to Isabella's situation and had treated her like his own granddaughter over the years.

"You miss me? That's easy to fix. I'm not busy at home anyway. How about I come over to see how you're doing?"

With Daniel gone and her child now lost, Isabella must be deeply affected.

As her in-laws, the Brown family visiting her was only reasonable.

But Aiden wouldn't feel at ease until he saw Isabella himself.

Isabella, such a sensible and sweet girl, had been mistreated by Michael, his unworthy grandson. Aiden wanted nothing more than to drag Michael over to apologize to Isabella.

Even if Michael knelt, it wouldn't make up for the wrongs he had done to her.

Michael had a wonderful wife but chose to seek out other women with bad intentions. Aiden couldn't understand what was wrong with his grandson.

"Grandpa, there's no need to trouble yourself. I'm fine, really."

Isabella felt Aiden's concern was a bit excessive.

But she couldn't figure out why.

Until-

"As long as you're okay. Isabella, listen to Grandpa. Losing a child is hard, but you need to take care of yourself. You'll have more children in the future. Don't be too sad."

Aiden tried to keep his tone light.

But he couldn't hide his own pain.

That was his long-awaited great-grandchild, now gone.

He could only blame Michael. If Michael hadn't been so irresponsible, Isabella wouldn't have been so stressed and lost the baby.

"Grandpa, you knew it?"

Isabella was equally heartbroken.

That child should have come into the world safely, but now it was an indelible pain in her heart.

Meanwhile, in a luxurious villa, Bianca, finally confirming Isabella's miscarriage, couldn't suppress her triumphant smile.

She personally opened a bottle of champagne to celebrate this great news.

"Ian, you did a great job. Consider this a big win. Whatever you want, just ask, and I'll make sure you get it."

Ian, standing nearby, just smiled. "It was just a routine task. But if you're serious, I'll have to think about it."

"You did well, so you deserve a reward. Let me know when you've decided."

Bianca poured herself a drink and waved Ian away, then walked to the floor-to-ceiling window alone.

###chapter 365 Mutual Exploitation

The deadline he gave her was ten days, but Isabella's grandfather's funeral unexpectedly allowed her to finish her task ahead of schedule.

Now, her revenge was complete.

According to their agreement, she should already be on a plane back, enduring a long flight to finally reach that man.

But she couldn't bring herself to leave.

Just thinking about Michael's charming face and how he avoided her made her seethe with anger.

If she couldn't have Michael, she would never be content.

She loved him so deeply and sacrificed everything for him, but she ended up watching him fall for someone else so easily?

And that someone was Isabella.

How could she accept that?

The remaining days were a chance given by fate. She would do whatever it took to win Michael, even if it meant using underhanded methods.

Only by having sex with him could she let go completely.

Even if it meant never returning to her home country, she would have no regrets.

Just then, her phone on the table buzzed.

It was a video call from abroad.

The dark avatar appeared on the screen, and Bianca couldn't help but shiver.

It was him.

Even though they were half a world apart, every time she received his call, Bianca felt a deep-seated fear.

She was terrified, but she had to put on a mask and play along.

She gripped her wine glass tightly, forced a smile, and answered the video call.

"Hey, sweetheart, did you miss me?"

As she spoke, Bianca glanced at the time on her phone.

Considering the time difference, he should be busy with work. Why was he calling now?

"Yeah."

The man responded with a single word.

But Bianca didn't mind. She was pleased to get any response from him and smiled, "Don't worry, I'll be back with you soon."

But the man didn't give Bianca a chance to continue. He cut her off, "How much longer?"

His tone was cold, like a command, devoid of any emotion.

Bianca was used to his personality and way of doing things. She pouted, "Didn't you say you'd give me ten days? It's only been three."

His clinginess made Bianca uncomfortable.

When they were abroad, he didn't seem to care much about her.

But now that she had left, he acted like he couldn't live without her.

He called frequently to monitor her every move, urgently wanting her to return.

She had no right to argue; otherwise, he would stare at her with a scrutinizing gaze, making her shiver.

"The deadline isn't important. What's important is that your task is complete."

On the other end, the man's voice remained cold, but he sat at a large desk with an air of control.

He exuded a sharp, intimidating presence.

Bianca wasn't surprised that he got the news faster than she did.

Everyone around her was his person, and his influence was widespread. No matter what happened, someone would inform him immediately.

But this made Bianca very uncomfortable. She even resented it.

Being watched like a pet, no one would be happy about that.

"Hey, if you keep this up, I'm gonna get mad."

"You know I hate being controlled. It makes me feel like a caged bird."

Though she couldn't afford to offend him, he liked her face, and a bit of attitude helped her manage him better.

"Did you have your people report on me again?"

The man's tone rose slightly, "Why, don't I have the right?"

"But it makes me uncomfortable, with no personal space."

Bianca softened her tone, pleading with him.

"Don't forget, you belong to me."

His brief statement instantly silenced Bianca. She didn't dare say more.

She knew too well how possessive he was.

Angering him would have dire consequences.

She had to comply to get what she wanted from him.

"Of course, I'm yours, from head to toe. But you know my home is here. If I leave now, I might never come back. Can I stay a few more days?"

Looking at the fierce man on the screen, Bianca carefully coaxed him.

She also tried to buy herself more time.

"You promised me ten days. Did you forget?"

"And it's not that I don't want to return sooner. Things here aren't fully settled. You know how important this is. If I leave now, it might mess up your plans. I need to finish the handover."

Hearing it involved his plans, the man hesitated.

Seeing this, Bianca quickly swore, "Baby, I know you're the best. Just give me a few more days. Once I'm done here, I'll fly back to you immediately, okay?"

"I'll be with you every day and night. I'm just afraid you'll get tired of me."

After spending months with him, Bianca knew his personality and preferences inside out.

After her soothing and coaxing, the man finally agreed to her request.

The moment the call ended, Bianca's true face appeared on the screen.

Time was running out.

In the last few days, she had to get what she wanted.

Thinking of this, Bianca suddenly thought of someone.

She found his number and quickly sent a message.

Bianca: [I'm leaving the country in a few days. Let's meet.]

Technically, he was her superior. Though they acted familiar, they were just using each other.

Celestial Dining was the most luxurious restaurant in Evergreen City, known for its opulent decor.

Dining here required more than money; it required status and connections.

So, it was known as the playground of the wealthy.

And he had arranged to meet her here.

Bianca was stunned by the grandeur as soon as she entered.

Even though she had seen a lot with Michael, the class and style of this place took her breath away.

As soon as she entered, someone approached to ask for the reservation number. Bianca gave a number, and they immediately smiled and led her inside.

"You must be Ms. Taylor. The gentleman has already informed us. He'll be here shortly. Please follow me."

###chapter 366 You Aren't Feeling Sorry, Are You?

The waiter led Bianca into a cozy private room, handed her the menu, and left.

Bianca casually flipped through the menu, spotting dishes she had never seen before.

Just by glancing at the prices, she could tell how upscale this place was.

At that moment, the waiter returned with a pot of coffee, poured a cup, and placed it in front of her. The rich aroma filled the room instantly.

Bianca didn't know much about coffee, but the smell alone told her it was something special.

"Ma'am, would you like to order now?"

Bianca wasn't sure when he would arrive, so she waved her hand and set her bag aside. "No rush, I'll wait for him. You can go now."

The waiter nodded and left.

Bianca didn't want to call and rush him, so she idly flipped through the menu to pass the time.

The more she looked, the more shocked she became.

No wonder this place was a playground for the wealthy; it was indeed luxury.

Not to mention the luxurious decor, a simple meal here started at six figures, and the coffee and fine wines were priced in the millions.

Bianca couldn't help but raise an eyebrow.

Although she had seen many good things while being with Michael, she had to maintain her innocent persona in front of him and never dared to show her materialistic side.

Michael had never brought her to a place like this.

But now, with that man by her side, she could go to any luxurious place she wanted just by asking.

After all, the man she was with controlled the economic lifeline of Auroria.

About ten minutes later, the door to the private room opened, and a tall man dressed in a black trench coat and sunglasses, looking like a celebrity, walked in.

Seeing his outfit, Bianca couldn't help but laugh sarcastically. "Are you afraid people won't notice you dressed like that?"

"What do you know?"

The man didn't care about Bianca's mockery. He walked straight to the main seat, pulled out a chair, and sat down, removing his sunglasses to reveal a perfect face.

Even though Bianca had seen it countless times, she couldn't help but linger her gaze on that face.

After all, it bore a seven or eight-point resemblance to Michael.

Seeing him was like seeing Michael.

Facing a face so similar to the man she loved, who wouldn't be moved?

But Bianca knew their differences better than anyone and quickly shifted her attention.

"Is this really necessary? Your identity isn't something to hide."

She said this, but Bianca knew better than anyone what would happen if Nolan's identity as the second son of the Brown Family were exposed.

Just the fact that he wasn't in a wheelchair would be enough for the media to go wild.

Not to mention the agreements he had with the Adri Family.

No matter how much she suffered, she always had a way out, even if it meant being the woman behind that man.

But Nolan was different.

He only had this one path. Success meant he would have the power and the woman he dreamed of; failure meant death.

Even if he could escape the Brown Family's revenge, he couldn't escape the Adri Family's pursuit.

That was the fate of being a pawn.

They both understood this but were deeply entangled nonetheless.

Nolan didn't bother explaining. He glanced at the menu in front of Bianca. "Why haven't you ordered yet?"

Without the low, husky voice from the voice changer on the phone, Nolan's real voice was gentle and pleasant, paired with his gentle demeanor, making him incredibly attractive.

He had no idea how many female students he attracted at Evergreen City University.

No wonder he dressed like that when he went out.

Bianca squinted and casually spun the menu towards Nolan. "You do it. It's too expensive; I don't dare to order."

All her money from the beauty salon had gone to the big boss, and her mother had spent quite a bit during that time, leaving her with little money.

She didn't dare bring up money with the big boss, fearing he would investigate her and Michael's affairs.

Nolan took the menu without saying anything, called the waiter, and ordered a few dishes before sending him out.

Once the food arrived, Nolan finally spoke slowly.

"Bianca, do you know why I asked you here?"

She deliberately looked up and laughed. "It can't be that you know I'm leaving and wanted to give me a farewell, right?"

Bianca wasn't stupid; she knew what Nolan cared about most. But the deed was done, so what could he do?

She had the big boss behind her, and she bet he wouldn't dare do anything to her.

Nolan didn't beat around the bush and asked directly, "I need to confirm something with you face-to-face. Did you arrange for Isabella to lose her baby?"

Nolan's eyes were sharp.

He had planted someone in the Brown Villa, and an accidental phone call from Aiden had exposed the matter.

As soon as he got the news, he guessed who was behind it.

He had been busy planning a big move, which had diverted his attention from Isabella.

He didn't expect Bianca to take advantage of that.

That was the child Isabella had longed for, and now it was gone. She must be devastated.

"Didn't I tell you not to touch her?"

"You can target anyone in Evergreen City, but not Isabella."

He wouldn't allow anything to happen to Isabella under his watch, not even a little.

In Nolan's heart, no one was more important than Isabella. Not even himself.

"Nolan, are you feeling sorry for her?"

Bianca sneered, looking at Nolan with a completely uncomprehending expression.

"What do you think?"

Nolan had always thought Bianca was a bit unhinged, and now it seemed she was a lunatic to the core.

"I told you before, Isabella will choose me in the future. The person she loves has always been me, not Michael. Why can't you let her go?"

Nolan had already confirmed with Michael that Isabella's marriage to him was a mistake.

She had always loved Nolan.

Nolan and Isabella were the perfect match. Now that he was back, Isabella should be his, and no one could take her away.

Why did Bianca have to target Isabella so relentlessly?

So when he heard Bianca was leaving the country, he was more relieved than anyone.

"Let her go?"

Bianca sneered. "Nolan, do you hear yourself? Isabella killed my parents. Do you think I can let her go?"

"Besides, I only made her lose her baby, not killed her. Do you have to question me like this? Isn't it better for you if she loses the baby? If you want to be with her, do you really want to raise a child that's not your own?"

###chapter 367 Only Michael

The most important thing was that Michael had fallen in love with Isabella.

But Michael was the man Bianca had always dreamed of having.

She had held on for so long, even willing to bear the shame of being called a mistress for him. And what was the result? He was seduced away by that tramp Isabella.

But Bianca would never let Nolan hear about this.

When they returned to the country, they had set their goals.

She wanted Michael.

Nolan wanted Isabella.

Now Isabella and Michael were together, and it was Michael who had fallen for Isabella. Bianca felt humiliated just saying it out loud.

"Nolan, you better think this through. That kid is your rival's. Can you really tolerate that?"

Bianca deliberately provoked him. She didn't believe any man could accept his rival's child.

It was a great insult to any man.

But Bianca had severely underestimated how much Nolan cared for Isabella.

"So what? I care about Isabella!"

Nolan's eyes were dark as he stared at Bianca. "You're a woman too. You know how much harm an abortion can do to her body. You're just using the kid as an excuse to hurt her. Don't think I don't know what you're up to."

He was different from Bianca.

She just wanted Michael, no matter what means she had to use.

But he wanted Isabella by his side for the rest of his life.

Even if the kid in Isabella's belly was Michael's, so what? Whether the kid called Nolan uncle or dad, he didn't see a problem.

In the end, it was still the Brown Family's bloodline. As long as Isabella was well, Nolan and she would have their own children in the future.

Hearing Nolan's words, Bianca didn't know whether to feel envious or jealous.

"Isabella is really lucky to have a good man like you loving her silently."

She couldn't help but think, if Michael loved her as much as Nolan loved Isabella, she would be willing to give her life to him.

But unfortunately, she would never get Michael's love.

Since she couldn't have it, why should that tramp Isabella have a happy life?

What she couldn't have, Isabella shouldn't have either.

"Nolan, have you thought about it? Even if you don't care about the kid now, what about later?"

"That kid is Michael's. When he grows up, he will inevitably look for his biological father. When he calls Michael 'Dad' and holds Isabella's hand, standing together like a family, how will you feel?"

"As long as that kid exists, it will constantly remind you of how many passionate nights Isabella and Michael had to conceive him."

"At that time, I don't believe you won't care at all."

Every word Bianca said was like a needle piercing Nolan's heart.

He had no words.

His love for Isabella was unquestionable. As long as she agreed to marry him, he was willing to accept everything about her.

But if that kid was really born, would Michael let it go?

That was Isabella and Michael's kid. If Michael insisted on using the kid to harass Isabella, to morally bind her.

Just as Bianca said, Michael and their kid standing together as a family, while Nolan was ignored like an outsider, would he really not care?

Not to mention the intimate nights Isabella and Michael had shared.

Seeing the change in Nolan's expression, Bianca knew her words had hit home.

"You gotta understand, everything I'm doing is actually helping you. If the kid's gone, you and Isabella can have your own children in the future. Isn't that better?"

Nolan frowned, neither agreeing nor disagreeing, but he didn't outright reject Bianca's plan.

Bianca could see his silent approval. Men, after all, were like that. They had a strange possessiveness over everything in their territory.

She didn't come here just to have a meal. The most important thing hadn't been done yet, and she was more anxious than anyone.

"Nolan, since your goal has been achieved and she's yours anytime, isn't it time for you to help me?"

"What do you want?" Nolan asked, his eyes narrowing coldly.

Although he didn't agree with Bianca's underhanded methods, she had indeed made it impossible for Isabella and Michael's relationship to reconcile.

Bianca crossed her hands on the table, her eyes filled with determined desire.

"I want you to arrange for Michael to spend a night with me."

Such a blunt request from Bianca didn't make her feel embarrassed at all.

Nolan couldn't help but frown after hearing it. He knew Bianca's obsession with Michael. After everything that had happened, he didn't expect her to still not let go?

Nolan shook his head. "After all this, you still have feelings for Michael?"

Bianca always said he was stubborn, with his mind only on Isabella. But wasn't she the same?

Now she was about to leave the country and return to that person, yet her last wish was to sleep with Michael?

"Is it so strange that I have feelings for him? I've liked him for a long time."

Bianca casually ate something, took out a cigarette from her bag, and lit it. In front of her partner, Nolan, she no longer needed to hide her true self.

"Besides, if Isabella knows I have sex with him, won't it benefit you too?"

Thinking of Isabella seeing photos of her and Michael in bed, Bianca felt a rush of satisfaction.

But Nolan was clearly skeptical.

Bianca didn't want to waste time, so she told the truth.

"Alright, look. Before returning to the country, I spent a lot of money on a private hospital to have my hymen repaired. I thought I could have a romantic night with Michael and get pregnant with his child. But you saw what happened."

"I don't have much time left. If I go back and the big boss finds out I had my hymen repaired, how will I explain? So I need you to help me fulfill this wish. Do you believe me now?"

She had originally thought that if she could return to Michael's side, she would be willing to give up her life. She was delusional.

"Does it have to be Michael?" Nolan was shocked by what he heard.

He knew about the warehouse kidnapping last time. Isabella had borrowed his men. Although he found out later that Isabella was the one kidnapped, fortunately, she was unharmed.

But his subordinates had reported every detail of the warehouse to him. Michael had treated her like that. She still wanted to sleep with Michael?

He even wondered if Bianca had some kind of masochistic tendency.

###chapter 368 As Long As I Get Him

No matter what Nolan thought, Bianca didn't care at all.

Ever since that time at the warehouse, she had sworn to herself that she would get Michael.

If she couldn't have his love, she would have him in another way.

"That's right, I need him. It doesn't matter if he doesn't like me. As long as I have his body, he'll never forget me."

"And I want Isabella to see it with her own eyes."

The thought of Isabella's pained expression filled Bianca with glee.

"I don't have much time left. Are you going to help me or not? With or without you, I'm going to get Michael, even if I have to force him."

Bianca's nearly crazed look piqued Nolan's interest.

He didn't care who Bianca slept with, as long as Isabella wasn't hurt. Anyone else was irrelevant to him.

But if it could disgust Michael, it was a tempting idea.

"I can try to help you get him to meet up, but you know the power of the Brown Group. You'd better be careful not to mess up and lose everything."

Michael wasn't someone who could be easily outsmarted.

Bianca scoffed, "The Brown Group? They're powerful, but only within Evergreen City. I have a big boss backing me. Why should I be afraid?"

If it weren't for the protection of that man, she wouldn't have come back so easily, doing whatever she pleased.

It was all thanks to that man.

Michael was nothing to her. At worst, she'd sleep with him and leave. What could happen?

"That's why I'm warning you. The big boss's power can crush Michael, but don't forget, you're his now. If he finds out you're sleeping with another man, and so openly, you know what will happen."

"And my sources tell me Michael is actively searching for you. He can't be up to any good."

Nolan had said his piece. If Bianca insisted, there was nothing more he could do.

He had given his advice; the rest was up to her.

"Don't worry about it. I know what I'm doing."

Bianca didn't care. Whether Michael was looking for her or not, she wanted to see him.

"As for the big boss, he doesn't care who I sleep with. He only wants me."

After all, they had met in that embarrassing situation.

The big boss knew what her body had been through.

Auroria was a chaotic place. For a weak woman to survive, she had to rely on her body.

If she hadn't met the big boss there, she wouldn't have survived three months.

He never mentioned her past, so her virginity was irrelevant to him.

For someone in his position, a person's value was all that mattered.

Even if she slept with other men, the big boss wouldn't abandon her.

And as long as she kept it secret, he wouldn't find out.

"Just help me get Michael. Leave the rest to me."

Bianca raised her glass to Nolan, "You're always worried I'll harm Isabella. Help me with this, and I'll leave the country and never bother you again."

"For our mutual happiness, this must stay secret."

Bianca smiled smugly, exhaling a puff of smoke.

She was already fantasizing about being with Michael.

Nolan frowned. He disliked the smell of smoke. The window was too far, so he opened the door a crack.

The smoke quickly dispersed.

Meanwhile, three middle-aged men in suits stood outside another private room in the hallway.

They seemed to be waiting for someone, pacing anxiously.

"What's going on? Why isn't Mr. Brown here yet?"

"The company spent a fortune to host this at Celestial Dining. The Brown Group can't just ignore us."

The anxious man was Levi Morgan, owner of a cosmetic medical company in Evergreen City.

They had been trying to collaborate with the Brown Group for a long time and finally got a meeting. He booked the most luxurious Celestial Dining to discuss the opportunity.

But they had been waiting for nearly an hour, and no one had shown up.

As a seasoned businessman, he had never been treated like this.

His assistant quickly tried to calm him down.

"Mr. Morgan, please don't worry. We've called the Brown Group many times to arrange this. We can't give up now."

"And they promised Mr. Brown would come. A company that big wouldn't break their word. Think about the $50 million profit we'll make if we sign this deal!"

Levi saw the logic in that.

For $50 million, he could wait another hour.

Seeing the empty hallway, the assistant opened the private room door, inviting Levi inside.

"Alright, let's wait inside."

As the door closed, the elevator at the end of the hallway opened, and out stepped Michael in a charcoal gray suit, accompanied by a female assistant briefing him on the client.

"Mr. Brown, Innovations Group is very sincere. Their new product just launched, and they came to us first. I researched them; they have years of experience in cosmetic medicine and a good reputation."

"Most importantly, their new product's price is fair, even discounted. If we sign, we could gain nearly half the profit."

The assistant listed the project's advantages, but Michael immediately saw the flaw.

"Good quality, good reputation, yet they're giving us all the profit? Why?"

Business was about profit.

No one gave away money. If they did, why bother?

And a small company like theirs would want to profit and gain free advertising by partnering with the Brown Group.

He had never heard of a company willing to give up half their profit for a deal.

###chapter 369 Completely Disheartened

Michael never believed in such good luck. If it existed, it was probably a trap set just for him.

The assistant thought for a moment and suggested, "Maybe their CEO wants to use this collaboration to boost their reputation and expand their market?"

"After all, who in Evergreen City doesn't know the power of the Brown Group?"

Over the years, many small businesses had used their partnerships with the Brown Group to get free advertising.

Michael raised an eyebrow. "Yeah, that makes sense."

He didn't dwell on it further.

A small company wasn't worth his time and effort.

Whether they genuinely wanted to collaborate or were setting a trap, he'd find out soon enough.

As they talked, they walked to the private room Levi had mentioned. Just as Michael was about to push the door open, a familiar voice reached his ears.

"Don't miss me too much after I'm gone."

The sweet, coquettish voice might have been appealing to some men, but to Michael, it was grating.

Almost instinctively, he looked towards the source of the voice and saw Bianca's smiling face through a narrow gap in the door.

It was her!

She had been hiding, and now she was here?

But who was she talking to?

As Michael stopped and looked, Nolan, inside the room, also noticed Michael.

Nolan was seated in a way that allowed him to see Michael's reflection, but Michael couldn't see him unless he moved closer.

But Nolan couldn't take that risk.

Especially not with Bianca. It was too dangerous for him.

Seeing Bianca still talking, Nolan decided it was time to leave.

Bianca's identity had been exposed, and he couldn't let Michael discover their connection.

Outside, Michael had confirmed that Bianca was inside. He signaled to his assistant to go in first and then walked towards Bianca's position.

Just then, Bianca stepped out of the room and asked a server for the restroom's location.

The server pointed to the end of the hallway.

As Bianca walked in that direction, a tall figure suddenly grabbed her and pinned her against the wall.

Her hands were restrained, and the man's strength was too much for her to resist.

Bianca tried to scream for help, but the hallway was empty.

This person was clearly targeting her.

The man was too tall, and in the dim light, Bianca couldn't see his face. She only knew he was staring at her intensely.

Her voice trembled with fear. "What do you want?"

"What do you think?"

The familiar voice made Bianca pause before she realized, "Michael?"

No wonder his presence felt familiar.

"Bianca, I finally found you!"

His voice was low and powerful, but there was a hint of gritted teeth.

If it weren't for her, how could he and Isabella have lost their child?

Bianca deserved to die.

But Bianca didn't care. Or maybe this was the result she wanted.

She preferred deep hatred over mild affection.

Only this way would he always remember her.

He would never forget her.

Just hearing his voice made Bianca tremble with excitement she couldn't suppress.

"Michael, if you can't bear to be without me, just say so. I can't bear to be without you either."

"But are you sure you want to do this here? I'm afraid you won't have enough space."

Knowing it was him, Bianca's tension disappeared. If her hands weren't restrained, she would have hugged him.

From a third-person perspective, their position looked quite "intimate."

Especially with Michael pinning Bianca against the wall, his eyes red as he stared at her. The visual misalignment made it look like he was about to kiss her.

"Not enough space?"

Michael's eyes darkened. "I could kill you right here, and it would be enough!"

As he spoke, he controlled Bianca's hands with one hand and grabbed her neck with the other, a fierce look in his eyes.

"Michael, I'm Bianca, the one you've protected for so many years. Can you really hurt me?"

Bianca could feel Michael's murderous intent. Her expression changed, and she quickly begged for mercy.

"Michael, don't."

"It's too late. You brought this on yourself!"

Michael's eyes were bloodshot, and he wasn't listening. Just as he was about to apply pressure, a soft voice sounded behind him.

"Excuse me."

That voice?

Michael froze and quickly turned around, only to see Isabella in a cream-colored coat.

"Isabella, what are you doing here?"

He blurted out, forgetting the woman behind him.

But Isabella had seen their intimate moment clearly.

She didn't care anymore.

Or maybe she had become numb to Michael's actions.

She glanced at Michael, not even looking at Bianca, and pointed to the restroom.

"I'm just passing by. Please move, I need to get through. You can continue."

She had stumbled upon them by accident, but Michael and Bianca were blocking the way, so she had to speak up.

Even if they had gone somewhere private or into a room, she wouldn't have said anything.

But Michael and Bianca had chosen such a "perfect" spot that anyone passing by would see them.

Michael quickly let go of Bianca, wanting to explain to Isabella, but he hesitated.

He knew that no matter what he said, Isabella wouldn't believe him.

As he released her, Bianca reluctantly grabbed his sleeve, hiding behind him with a shy look.

From an outsider's perspective, it looked like Michael was pulling Bianca to his side, protecting her.

Isabella didn't look up and walked past them.

At that moment, she felt her heart turn to ice, completely cold.

That protective stance was something she had never experienced from Michael. She never expected it to be for Bianca.

But she wouldn't be sad or hurt by it anymore.

Because she no longer had feelings for Michael.

As she was about to pass them, Isabella suddenly stopped.

Her sharp gaze finally fell on Bianca, and she spoke clearly.

"Bianca, don't think I can't find evidence against you. You won't escape for taking my child's life and my grandfather's death!"

###chapter 370 Don't Avoid Me, Okay?

When Isabella confirmed that Bianca was the mastermind behind everything, she made up her mind. She would get her revenge personally and make Bianca pay.

Hearing this, Bianca could no longer hide behind Michael. She stepped out with a cold smile.

"Isabella, you need evidence to back up your words. You lost the baby because you couldn't protect it, not because of me. Why are you blaming me?"

"Maybe the baby didn't want to come into this world, or maybe it didn't like you as a mother. Besides, an unformed fetus isn't even a life. Do you really need to blame me for that?"

An unformed fetus?

How could this murderer have the nerve to say such things!

"The baby was mine. You have no right to talk about him. Say one more word, and you won't leave here in one piece!"

"Bianca, you have no right to mention the baby!"

Michael's face turned dark instantly.

Isabella and Michael spoke almost simultaneously, saying the same thing.

Bianca found the scene ironic.

She glanced at Michael, then at Isabella, and sneered, "Of course, this baby was the last thing you two had together. No wonder you're so in sync."

Michael clenched his fists tightly, the urge to kill her stronger than ever.

But Bianca wouldn't let him have his way. She hadn't even slept with him yet.

And now was the perfect time for her to escape.

"Sis, if I had known you cared so much about that baby, I wouldn't have joked about it. Ask Michael, I didn't do it on purpose."

Bianca deliberately moved closer to Isabella, reaching out her hand.

Michael, worried about Isabella's safety, stepped in to block her, but Bianca took the opportunity to slip away right in front of them.

Michael wanted to chase after her but couldn't leave Isabella. He could only watch Bianca's retreating figure with gritted teeth.

Isabella, seeing his expression, thought he was reluctant to let Bianca go.

Her face returned to calm, and she took a step back. "She ran away. Aren't you going to chase her?"

With that, Isabella walked straight into the restroom, ignoring Michael's reaction.

Michael wanted to explain but couldn't find the words. He could only stand outside, waiting for Isabella to come out.

In the meantime, a tall, dark figure flashed through the empty hallway.

The figure, wrapped tightly, emerged from a private room and quickly entered the elevator.

Michael squinted at the figure.

Why did that person look so much like Nolan?

But he quickly dismissed the thought.

Nolan's legs were injured, and he needed a wheelchair to get around. The person just now walked quickly. It couldn't be him.

Just as Michael looked away, his phone buzzed.

It was a message from his assistant.

[Mr. Brown, the deal is almost finalized. If you could come and review the contract, we can sign it if everything's in order.]

Normally, Michael would prioritize work. He wouldn't cancel a meeting at the last minute.

But today was different.

First, he accidentally ran into Bianca, then he encountered Isabella. One was someone he had to catch, the other was someone he couldn't stop thinking about.

He didn't want to leave just yet.

So he told his assistant to keep the other party engaged, and he would be there soon.

He had been so swamped at the company lately that he hadn't even picked up Isabella from the hospital. Now that he finally saw her, he wanted to talk to her.

Even if it was just to look at her, it was enough.

He really missed her.

A few minutes later, Isabella came out of the restroom and was surprised to see Michael still there.

She found it odd.

Was he waiting for her?

The thought seemed impossible to Isabella.

Given their relationship, the fact that they hadn't divorced yet was already a sign of mutual tolerance. How could he ignore Bianca and wait outside the women's restroom for her?

Isabella shook off the thought and walked straight out without looking at him.

She had been away too long, and it wasn't good to keep her guests waiting.

Michael saw her intention and grabbed her wrist, stopping her from leaving.

"Isabella, can you stop avoiding me?"

He just wanted to talk to her. Did she hate him that much?

Isabella frowned and tried to pull her hand away, but Michael held on tighter. She looked at him and said directly, "Michael, I don't need to avoid you. I just don't want to see you. Let go!"

Michael didn't let go, but his eyes showed a hint of hurt. "Isabella, I know you don't want to see me right now. I just want to talk to you. Is that too much to ask?"

The president of the Brown Group was actually begging someone to look at him.

Even Isabella was almost shocked by his unusual behavior.

But it was too late.

No matter how much Michael lowered himself, her child wouldn't come back.

So, there was no solution between them.

"Michael, there's nothing to talk about."

"But I want to talk to you."

Michael's eyes were intense. He had so many questions for her. He wanted to know if she was doing well, if she was eating and sleeping well.

But in the end, all he could say was, "Are you feeling okay?"

Isabella didn't expect him to suddenly show concern.

She was stunned for a moment, then pushed his hand away. "I'm fine, thanks for asking."

After being pushed away, Michael didn't try to touch her again. He just stood there, like a soulless body.

Seeing him like this, Isabella felt a mix of emotions.

Finally, she sighed. "If there's nothing else, I'll be going."

She turned to leave.

Behind her, Michael's body stiffened, and he said in a low voice, "There is."

He didn't want to part ways like this.

He was afraid she would call him one day, asking for divorce papers.

He didn't want that.

Michael stood in front of her, looking deeply into Isabella's thin face.

He restrained himself from hugging her.

At the same time, he searched his mind for something to say.

"You just had surgery. You should be resting at home. What are you doing here? What if you catch a cold?"

A miscarriage was still a surgery, and it was especially hard on a woman.

Shouldn't she be resting at home?

Even though his words were out of concern, coming from Michael, they sounded different.

Especially since he had just been cozying up with another woman.

Isabella was speechless. She couldn't believe Michael was blocking her just to say this.

"Michael, where I go is none of your business. Don't you think you're overstepping?"

###chapter 371 A Qualified Ex

Isabella fumed, her anger growing with every passing second. "Seriously, who do you think you are, trying to control me? What are you even doing here? Don't forget, the child wasn't just mine. He was yours too."

"If you had any guilt about our child, you wouldn't be fooling around with Bianca."

Just thinking about what she had seen earlier made Isabella's blood boil.

Their child had died because of Bianca.

And what had he done?

He was cozying up to Bianca right outside the bathroom.

So, what did their child and Isabella mean to him?

Every word Isabella spoke was like a dagger, piercing Michael's heart.

Did she really see him as someone so cold-blooded that he didn't even care about his own child?

He took a deep breath. "Believe it or not, things between Bianca and me aren't what you think. I'm here for work, not by choice."

For the first time, he had postponed work just to spend a little more time with her.

But he was only human. Being misunderstood by her over and over again, without her listening to his explanations, hurt him deeply.

But Isabella had long since lost any trust in him. And it was trust he had destroyed with his own hands.

"Work?"

She let out a cold laugh. "If your so-called work involves playing games with Bianca, then I guess my showing up interrupted your 'work,' didn't it?"

Isabella emphasized the word "work" with heavy sarcasm.

Why didn't he just say he and Bianca had coincidentally run into each other, and it was just a coincidence they were at the bathroom door together?

Isabella would never believe him!

If she hadn't accidentally walked in on them, Michael and Bianca would probably have been making out by now.

But this had nothing to do with her anymore.

She wasn't saying all this because she cared about Michael. She was just furious at his controlling attitude.

Why could he meet up with other women, but she couldn't even go out for a meal?

"Isabella, can you not talk like that? I really was..."

The word "work" was still stuck in his throat when Michael noticed Isabella suddenly looking past him, her eyes lighting up.

"Why are you here?"

The person who had come over was Emilio, the current vice president of the Wilson Group.

Emilio, tall and graceful, quickly walked to her side and stood next to Isabella, right in front of Michael, speaking gently.

"You didn't come back, and I was worried you might have trouble finding your way."

Isabella smiled warmly. "How could I? I'm not a child. I can find my way."

So much had happened recently. Atticus was tied up with Daniel's issues, leaving the company's burdens on Emilio's shoulders.

She had owed him a meal for a while, and now that she had some free time, she had invited him out to catch up.

It was her way of repaying him for his help.

To show her sincerity, she had reserved a table at Celestial Dining.

And to get out today, she had made countless promises to Cinda and Renee, finally securing two hours of freedom.

But as soon as she stepped out, she ran into two people she didn't want to see. One was Bianca, and the other was Michael.

And she had caught them in an intimate moment.

"You didn't lose your way; you ran into 'trouble,' didn't you?" Emilio winked at Isabella, and she immediately understood his meaning. With Emilio's help, she could quickly get rid of the "big trouble" that was Michael.

Seeing them so close, Michael's face turned dark.

Emilio again!

Why couldn't he just give up on Isabella?

Emilio wasn't afraid of him. He knew Isabella no longer cared about Michael. For his own future happiness, he had to fight for her.

With that in mind, he stood protectively in front of Isabella, facing Michael.

"Mr. Brown, you heard what Isabella said. She doesn't want anything to do with you anymore. Please, don't bother her again."

Emilio's tone was gentle, but his protective stance was assertive.

Isabella was free now.

She had the right to pursue her own happiness.

Michael's eyes darkened instantly.

Not to mention that he and Isabella weren't officially divorced yet. When did their conversations become something an outsider could interfere with?

Was Emilio challenging him?

But why didn't Isabella react at all to what Emilio said?

Could she really have feelings for Emilio?

Did she like Emilio?

First it was Nolan, and now Emilio. Was she really not willing to give Michael another chance?

Seeing them standing so close together, Michael felt a sharp pain in his heart.

In Isabella's mind, he had never been her first choice.

He clenched his fists tightly.

She was truly heartless. She had stopped loving him just like that.

Seeing the change in Michael's expression, Isabella decided to deliver the final blow.

She took Emilio's arm and looked up at him tenderly. "Emilio, let's go back. We've been out for a while, and the food must be ready. I'm starving."

She playfully swung Emilio's arm, just like she used to do with Michael when they were newlyweds, always acting like a spoiled little girl in front of him.

"I know you're hungry. I ordered all your favorites. Let's go."

Emilio affectionately patted her head and led her away from Michael.

From start to finish, Isabella didn't look at Michael again.

All her tenderness and affection were for Emilio.

Michael could see that Isabella was doing this on purpose, but even if she was acting, he had to grit his teeth and close his eyes tightly.

He couldn't bear to watch.

He was afraid he would lose control and beat Emilio half to death right in front of Isabella.

She was doing this on purpose.

She just wanted him to back off and accept their impending divorce.

As a proper ex-husband, how could he still have the right to stand in her way and stop her from moving on?

Inside the private room, Isabella and Emilio sat across from each other, having already put the earlier incident behind them.

They enjoyed the new dishes at Celestial Dining, and Emilio brought up recent events at the company and their childhood memories, quickly lifting Isabella's spirits.

Isabella smiled slightly.

"Emilio, thank you for earlier. I invited you out to thank you for your hard work lately, but you always just helped me out again. I really don't know how to thank you."

If Emilio hadn't stepped in earlier, she might have lost her composure in front of Michael.

She didn't want that to happen.

Since they were getting divorced, she just wanted to part ways amicably.

###chapter 372 He Regretted

"Isabella, we've known each other for years. If you keep treating me like a stranger, I'm gonna get mad."

Emilio tried to sound serious, but he couldn't help himself and put some of her favorite food into her bowl.

"I do all this willingly. You better stop being so polite to me."

"Alright."

Isabella gave him a slight smile.

Emilio was momentarily stunned, a gentle smile forming on his lips.

This time, he was determined not to let her go.

Ever since she mentioned divorcing Michael, he had made up his mind.

But when he was about to confess his feelings, she found out she was pregnant with Michael's child.

During that time, he did hesitate and consider backing off.

It wasn't that he couldn't accept the child. As long as he could be with her, he didn't care.

But his parents would never accept a divorced daughter-in-law with a child, especially one from the Brown family.

Even though the Blair family had settled abroad and their business was mostly overseas, they had numerous collaborations back home in recent years. There were always considerations to be made.

However, what happened next was beyond his expectations.

Daniel suddenly passed away, and Isabella lost the baby.

Such a double blow must have been extremely painful for Isabella.

But from his perspective, he had a bit of selfishness.

He thought maybe fate was helping him.

With the baby gone, the last tie between Isabella and Michael was severed. Once they divorced, Emilio would pursue her again.

A few years later, he and Isabella would have their own children.

By then, his parents would surely accept Isabella as their daughter-in-law.

But for now, she was still recovering. He couldn't rush things. If he confessed too soon, she would definitely refuse given her current state.

So, he didn't expect Isabella to accept him quickly. He just wanted to stay by her side and take things slowly.

Over time, Isabella would realize who was truly right for her.

"Isabella, have you been bored staying at home these days?"

Isabella thought about how Cinda and Renee were practically watching her 24/7 and couldn't help but sigh.

"Don't even ask. Well, there's nothing I can do about it. I'm a patient now."

Since she left the hospital, Cinda had been particularly attentive to her diet and daily routine, often making nutritious soups for her.

Renee, feeling guilty about the poisoned child incident, had taken all the blame on herself and practically teamed up with Cinda to look after Isabella.

Hearing the helplessness in Isabella's voice, Emilio chuckled, "If you're really that bored, do you want me to find something for you to do?"

Isabella smiled, "No need. Even though I don't go out, I still have plenty to do."

"You know I studied piano for a while, right? I also learned composition from my teacher. My friend is about to release a new album, so I've been helping her write a few songs. I've been busy with that lately."

Emilio's eyes lit up, "Composition? I didn't know you were into that. I must not have been paying enough attention to you."

Isabella didn't think it was a big deal, "I just learned a bit. I'm not as good as the professionals. I'm just helping out."

"Don't you remember? I played a piece at school once. That's when I learned."

The school she and Emilio attended was a prestigious one her grandfather had found for her after bringing her back.

It was then that her grandfather discovered her natural love for the piano and hired a renowned teacher for her.

Emilio earnestly praised her, "I know you can play the piano, but playing and composing are two different things. Composing is much harder."

"Not everyone has the talent for music composition."

"Isabella, what else don't I know about you?"

He genuinely thought Isabella was amazing.

Every time he discovered something new about her, he was amazed.

She was like a treasure, waiting for someone to uncover her beauty bit by bit.

Isabella was almost embarrassed by his compliments, but she never liked to boast about these things, so it was normal for Emilio not to know.

"I know a lot of things. You'll see when I return to the company."

Isabella teased him with a little mystery.

Even though she and Emilio were friends, she didn't want to reveal all her personal matters.

"Return to the company?"

Emilio caught the key point, "Isabella, are you planning to go back to the company?"

In his eyes, Isabella had always been an independent and rational modern woman. If it weren't for her disastrous marriage with Michael, she would have been a rising star in the business world.

Unfortunately, back then, her eyes were only on Michael, wasting three years of her time.

If she was willing to return to the company, they could work together and lead the Wilson Group to greater heights.

He couldn't wait for that day to come.

Meanwhile, in another private room.

Michael had returned to the table. The contract was signed, but his mood was soured by Isabella and Emilio's closeness.

All he could think about was what Isabella was doing at that moment.

Would she really accept Emilio's confession and choose to be with him?

And if that happened, what could he do?

Wasn't their ending already decided?

Her grandfather was gone, and the baby was lost.

Isabella had already lost her feelings for him. Now, she was free from all the chains that bound her, seeking her own happiness.

The only one left to regret was him.

After the gathering ended, Michael had his female assistant take a cab home while he drove back alone to the marital home he shared with Isabella, Elysian Heights Estate.

Late at night, he parked the car outside the estate, opened the door, and turned on the lights, looking at the familiar yet strange surroundings.

He realized he hadn't been there in a long time.

He changed his shoes, walked to the living room, and sat on the couch, closing his eyes to clear his mind.

But the more he tried, the more his mind was filled with images of Isabella.

Back when her grandfather was still undergoing treatment, Isabella was trying to conceive his child, and they spent almost every night there.

Every corner of the place held memories of Isabella.

Her standing in the study in a sexy nightgown, teasing him.

Her focused figure cooking for him in the kitchen.

And her pouting face when she was angry, her red eyes when she was jealous, looking cute and unwilling to admit it.

Every image made his heart ache. He should have admitted it sooner; falling for her was never difficult.

He was too arrogant, thinking she would never leave him.

But reality had slapped him hard.

Now, he truly regretted it.

###chapter 373 Thomas's Phone Call

Michael lay helplessly on the couch.

The alcohol made his body warm, and he clumsily yanked off his tie. Just as he was about to take off his jacket, he felt something in his pocket.

He pulled it out and saw it was the little bear charm.

Ever since he found it at Moon Bay, he had kept it with him, afraid of losing it again.

He clutched it tightly in his hand, the cool touch bringing a moment of clarity to his mind.

Suddenly, he remembered something.

He had asked Bianca about the details of his rescue from the water many times.

She always answered accurately, matching his memories perfectly.

Because of this, he had concluded that Bianca was the girl who saved his life in the water.

But now, he had to question if there had been some misunderstanding.

The bear charm wasn't in Bianca's possession, and her evasive glances over the years suggested that she wasn't the one who saved him.

But why did Bianca know so much about his rescue?

There was only one possibility.

Bianca must have been there and witnessed the entire rescue. That would explain everything.

If Bianca saw the whole thing, she must know who saved him.

With this thought, Michael tightened his grip on the bear charm.

He had to find out who risked their life to save him.

And the most urgent thing now was to find Bianca!

Letting her slip away today didn't mean he would let her off. He had to settle the score for the child and for pretending to be his savior.

That night, Michael fell asleep there.

In his dreams, Isabella was with him, staying by his side, never leaving.

Until a piercing phone ring shattered his dream.

"Hello?" Michael picked up the phone, irritated, and heard the last voice he wanted to hear.

"Michael, I've been busy with My Dad's matters and haven't had time to address your and Isabella's situation. Now it's time to talk about it."

It was Isabella's uncle, Thomas.

Michael didn't need to guess the purpose of this call-it was about the divorce agreement.

Isabella had already found a new boyfriend. There was no way she would give her ex-husband another chance.

But Michael didn't want to divorce her.

He refused to sign the papers.

"Thomas, Isabella and I have just been apart for a few days. It's not what you think. Are there any misunderstandings?"

Michael played dumb, avoiding the topic of divorce.

Thomas, who had made a name for himself on Sterling Avenue with his brains and strength, wouldn't waste a second on someone like Michael.

"Mr. Brown, let me clarify. I'm speaking to you as Isabella's attorney. What you think is your business. I'm just doing my job."

"Isabella doesn't want any more entanglement with you, so she plans to file for divorce. My team will handle everything."

"The divorce agreement and specific dates have been sent to your office. If you have any questions, contact my firm's lawyers. Don't miss the deadline."

Without giving Michael a chance to respond, Thomas hung up.

He wished Michael would disappear from Isabella's life forever.

If he wasn't worried about Isabella getting hurt, he wouldn't have wasted so much time talking to Michael.

Receiving Thomas's call first thing in the morning, Michael was really on edge.

As he expected, Isabella had accepted Emilio's proposal and was eager to sever ties with Michael.

She didn't even want to meet to discuss it, opting for a quick divorce through the court.

She made her intentions clear.

She couldn't wait to divorce Michael to give Emilio a proper status.

Her love was blatant and unreserved.

But what could he do to stop the divorce?

Michael was on the verge of losing it.

Meanwhile, at the Wilson Family home.

Isabella had just come downstairs and saw Thomas, who had just finished a call, looking furious.

He stood by the window, his face cold, radiating anger.

"Uncle Thomas, what's wrong? Who called to make you so mad?"

Isabella asked worriedly, walking over to sit beside him.

Seeing Isabella, Thomas's expression softened, and he awkwardly explained, "A new assistant at the company, clumsy and annoying."

An assistant?

Isabella had heard about this assistant.

But how long had it been, and the assistant still hadn't adapted?

Considering Thomas's strict work standards and his company's high efficiency, how could he tolerate an incompetent assistant for so long?

Isabella's mind wandered to some inappropriate thoughts. Though Thomas was only a few years older than her, he was almost thirty.

He had never had a girlfriend, so she couldn't help but wonder.

"Uncle Thomas, I have a question. Don't get mad, okay?"

"I'm not that petty. Ask away."

Thomas smiled and tapped Isabella's forehead.

"Is your clumsy assistant a man or a woman?"

Isabella's tone was suggestive.

She wasn't prying into Thomas's private life, but she was curious about the assistant who had managed to stay by his side for so long.

Thomas didn't think along those lines, worried Isabella might guess who he had called.

He made up an excuse.

"It doesn't matter. I'm personally training that person. If there's no improvement after the probation period, there's no reason to keep them."

Though he said this, Isabella sensed something was off.

Could it be as she suspected?

Had Thomas finally met his Mrs. Right?

She didn't know if the person was male or female, but it didn't matter. As long as Thomas was happy, she would understand and respect it.

Compared to the peaceful atmosphere at the Wilson Family, Bianca, who had rushed back to her villa, was in a foul mood.

She had finally run into Michael, but before she could use her charm to make him submit, Isabella had interrupted.

To make matters worse, she woke up to find that her boss had booked her a flight for four days later.

He didn't care if she wanted to leave or not. His word was final.

With less time left, Bianca had to act quickly.

###chapter 374 A Unique Invitation

"What's the deal with Michael now?"

Bianca was getting antsy, waiting for Nolan to step up and help her out.

"The Brown Family doubled down last night, offering a huge bounty to find you. The boss wants you back ASAP to avoid any trouble."

These guys all took orders from the boss, and their main job was keeping Bianca safe. In any crisis, the boss was always the first to know.

"Double the manpower, huh?"

Bianca grinned. Last night's events must've really shaken Michael, making him desperate to track her down.

Perfect, she wanted to see him too.

Since they both wanted to meet, there was no point in hiding anymore.

She was leaving Evergreen City in a few days anyway.

If she didn't get Michael before she left, she'd regret it forever.

"Send Michael an invite. Tell him I'll be at the Starlit Tavern at 8 PM. He better show up."

The Starlit Tavern was Michael's favorite hangout spot.

In a familiar setting, her plan would likely go off without a hitch.

Her subordinate hesitated, "Ms. Bianca Taylor, the bar's always packed, and the Brown Family has more people than us. If something goes down, we might not be able to get out in time."

"Get out?"

Bianca sneered, "I want to face him head-on. I don't care what he does to me. I want him!"

She was dead set on meeting Michael.

As long as Michael showed up, she had plenty of ways to get him.

He might have sworn he'd rather die than sleep with her, but she was going to make him beg for it.

The subordinate got the message and wanted to warn Bianca, but seeing the determination in her eyes, he just nodded.

"I'll take care of it."

He turned to leave.

"Hold up!"

Before meeting Michael, she needed to invite someone else.

Only with her presence would the show really start.

"Make two invites. Send the other to the Wilson Family."

The subordinate asked respectfully, "Whose name should I put on it?"

Bianca's eyes narrowed, a sly smile playing on her lips. "Write Michael's name. Copy the content exactly and send it to the Wilson Family."

"And add that I will only see Michael alone. If he brings anyone, he'll never see me again."

She wanted to have Michael.

One witness was enough.

Too many people would just get in the way.

"Oh, and keep this under wraps. If the boss hears anything, I'll hold a grudge!"

The subordinate quickly promised they wouldn't say a word.

Bianca snorted and waved him off. "Go on, get it done."

"Yes, ma'am!"

At the Brown Group headquarters, in the CEO's office, Michael felt a sudden chill run down his spine, shivering unexpectedly.

He touched his forehead, thinking he might've caught a cold from a restless night.

He glanced outside, watching snowflakes silently fall.

In this cold weather, Michael wondered how Isabella was doing.

He had received the divorce papers. Isabella's demands were straightforward; she only wanted what was rightfully hers and nothing more.

If he signed, they could finalize the divorce quickly.

But he couldn't bring himself to sign his name.

He knew that if he gave up now, there would be no chance of reconciliation with Isabella.

So, he deliberately pointed out non-existent issues in the terms, insisting on discussing them with Isabella in person.

Otherwise, he wouldn't agree to sign.

Just then, there was a knock on his office door.

A secretary entered with an invitation.

"Mr. Brown, someone personally delivered this downstairs and insisted you open it yourself."

"Alright, leave it here."

Michael didn't think much of it; he received such things daily.

But when he noticed a small white flower printed on it, his eyes sharpened.

He quickly opened it, and upon reading the contents, he stood up and called the secretary back. "Where's the person who delivered this?"

The secretary, startled, replied, "They've already left. Mr. Brown, should I send someone to find them?"

"No need, you can go."

As the door closed, Michael's hands crumpled the invitation.

If she dared to send him this, she must have prepared thoroughly.

Chasing after her now would be futile.

But if she was bold enough to invite him out in Evergreen City, she must have a new trick up her sleeve.

Whatever she planned, he had to go.

Whether it was avenging the child or finding the little girl who saved him back then, he must verify it himself.

For some reason, ever since he picked up the little bear pendant from Moon Bay, he had felt that person was actually close to him.

He could sense it, but the other party showed no intention of responding to him.

But the more it was like this, the more he wanted to know the truth.

As long as he saw Bianca, these mysteries would naturally be solved.

Meanwhile, at the Wilson Family, Isabella received a unique invitation from a servant.

It wasn't the usual red or gold, but a black card with a small white flower.

The flower resembled the lilies Bianca loved.

Isabella opened it casually, unsurprised by the contents.

Of course, it was from her.

But what puzzled Isabella was that the invitation was in Michael's name.

So, this was meant for Michael but had "accidentally" ended up with her.

Such a coincidence was transparent.

Isabella smirked coldly. Only Bianca would bother with such petty tricks.

Bianca thought she still cared, still felt jealous.

How laughable.

The invitation detailed their meeting place and time, even specifying Michael's room number. It almost explicitly stated that Bianca and Michael would sleep together.

Was Bianca inviting Isabella to watch them have sex?

Indeed, a bad man and a madwoman were a perfect match.

Renee approached with a cup of hot milk.

After some time recovering, she could walk slowly without a wheelchair.

As she neared, she saw Isabella toss the invitation onto the table with a cold snort.

She glanced at it and asked, "Ms. Isabella Taylor, this invitation is quite unique. Is someone asking you out?"

###chapter 375  Are You Really Going?

Isabella raised an eyebrow but didn't say anything. Instead, she took the milk from Renee's hand and motioned for her to open it herself.

"Is it okay?" Renee hesitated, waving her hand.

The invitation was meant for Isabella. How could she read it?

Isabella chuckled, "Go ahead, take a look. There's a surprise inside."

If her guess was right, this invitation was deliberately sent by Bianca.

Inviting Michael? It was just a show for Isabella.

Last night, Michael and Bianca were all over each other. Did they really need an invitation to meet?

And Bianca had specifically written Michael's name. Clearly, she was provoking Isabella.

She wanted to see if Isabella would dare to show up!

Hearing Isabella's words, Renee didn't refuse anymore. She picked up the invitation from the table and opened it.

The first thing she saw were two familiar names: Michael and Bianca.

Renee was smart. She didn't need Isabella to explain to understand the purpose of this invitation.

Besides, she had worked under Bianca before and knew how ruthless she could be. Bianca was a complete maniac.

"Ms. Taylor, this is obviously a trap set by Bianca. Are you really going to go?"

Isabella's name wasn't even on the invitation. Bianca clearly wanted her to witness something unpleasant.

Isabella's health hadn't fully recovered yet. If she got upset over Michael again, it would only harm her.

And Bianca would be the one laughing behind her back.

But the choice was ultimately Isabella's. Renee couldn't interfere directly.

Seeing the worry in Renee's eyes, Isabella put down her cup and said nonchalantly, "Who said I was going?"

She had no interest in witnessing such a disgusting scene.

She was already planning to divorce Michael. If Bianca wanted him, she could have him.

"So, what should we do with this?" Renee gestured to the invitation in her hand. Even if Isabella wasn't going, should they inform Michael?

After all, the invitation was addressed to him.

What if Michael didn't receive it and blamed Isabella?

"That's easy. Leave it to me."

Isabella took the invitation from Renee and swiftly tore it up. The once intact invitation was now just a pile of scraps.

With a trash can nearby, Isabella promptly threw the pieces away.

"Problem solved!"

Renee was momentarily stunned, then couldn't help but laugh.

Classic Isabella, not taking Bianca's tricks seriously. If Bianca saw this, she'd probably be furious.

After dealing with the mess, Isabella went back to her room, washed her hands, and sat on the chaise lounge by the window, picking up a document to read.

It was Michael's response to the divorce terms.

Although she had entrusted Thomas with the matter, she had personally written most of the agreement.

She wanted to sever all ties with Michael.

But despite this, Michael had refused to sign, citing various reasons.

He had even told Thomas that he would only discuss the divorce terms with her in person, otherwise, he wouldn't agree to the divorce.

Isabella found it ridiculous.

At this point, did Michael really think she was just using the divorce to spite him?

She had returned all the shares given by the Brown Family, yet he still couldn't see her determination?

Knowing this was Michael's way of forcing her to show up, Isabella couldn't help but feel affected.

Why did he get to decide whether they divorced or not? When she had begged him for a child, what had he done?

He had said he didn't want to be intimate with her, that he felt nothing for her.

Now that she had finally given up on him, he kept changing his mind.

Did he think she had no temper?

Isabella picked up a pen and added a clause to the agreement: she only wanted the shares the Wilson Family had given at the time of their marriage. She would give up everything from the Brown Family and refused to meet Michael.

After finishing, Isabella sealed the documents and handed them to the bodyguard outside, instructing him to deliver them to Thomas.

Then, she prepared to leave.

The bodyguard followed closely, and Isabella frowned, "You don't need to follow me. I'm just going out for a walk. I'll be back soon."

"But Ms. Taylor, Mr. Atticus Wilson instructed us to always accompany you when you go out."

Since Isabella's kidnapping and miscarriage, Atticus had become overly protective.

Especially recently, he had tripled the security around her.

Yesterday, if she hadn't been meeting Emilio, she wouldn't allowed to go out.

She understood her uncles' care and concern, but she just wanted some time alone now, without anyone following her.

Especially since she was heading to her secret spot.

She didn't want anyone to know about it.

So, she refused the bodyguard's company.

"No need. Today, no one follows me. I just want to be alone."

The bodyguard was terrified, "Ms. Taylor, if you go out alone and Mr. Atticus Wilson finds out, he'll be furious. Maybe we should inform him first."

Unexpectedly, Isabella gave him a calm but firm look.

"If I needed Uncle Atticus's permission to leave, why would I ask you?"

She just wanted the basic freedom to go out. Was that too much to ask?

"But..."

The bodyguard was in a tough spot. On one side was Isabella, who was under strict protection, and on the other was the formidable Atticus. He couldn't afford to offend either.

"Ms. Taylor, we can't disobey Mr. Atticus Wilson's orders."

"I understand. So, I'll just be out for a bit. Get me a car, and I'll be back soon. It won't affect your job."

Her secret spot was in the city, a bit far from the Wilson Family estate.

She couldn't walk or take a cab, as it would draw too much attention. The safest and quickest way was to drive a regular car.

She just wanted to sit there quietly for a while, even if it was just outside.

She had promised herself not to go there again, but when she felt overwhelmed, it was the only place that felt like her own.

Just sitting there calmed her down.

The bodyguard was at a loss, unsure of what to do, when Renee's voice came from behind, "Ms. Taylor, there you are. I've been looking for you."

Isabella didn't want anyone to know about this, so she waved the bodyguard away, "You can go now."

Seeing the bodyguard's hesitant look, Isabella sighed, "I'll explain to Uncle Atticus. He won't blame you. We'll talk about the car later."

###chapter 376  Double Insurance

After the bodyguard left, Isabella turned to Renee. "What's up?"

Renee pointed to her own hands, looking a bit exasperated. "It's time for your massage. How could you forget again?"

Isabella had been having trouble sleeping lately, and Renee had been using her experience from the beauty salon to give Isabella head massages, which seemed to help.

But today, Isabella wasn't in the mood for it.

"No need, Renee. I just want some quiet time today."

"Alright then."

Renee knew Isabella was in a bad mood, so she didn't press further.

Once Isabella went upstairs, Renee turned and hurried after the bodyguard.

Isabella's expression had been off earlier, and with the added stress of Bianca's invitation, there was no way Isabella wasn't affected, even if she didn't show it.

After all, Isabella had once loved Michael deeply.

"Hey, wait up!"

The bodyguard turned around, visibly relieved to see it was Renee. He bowed his head in greeting. "Renee, is there something you need?"

He had been terrified it was Isabella coming after him. Isabella's words earlier made it clear she wasn't giving up on going out, and he was debating whether to inform Atticus.

"What are you holding?"

Renee's sharp eyes caught the sealed document in his hand, which looked like some confidential file.

The bodyguard answered truthfully, "Ms. Taylor asked me to deliver this to Mr. Thomas Wilson. I don't know what it is exactly."

Renee, known as Isabella's friend within the Wilson family, was treated with respect by everyone, including Atticus.

Naturally, the staff wouldn't dare be disrespectful to her.

Delivering something to Isabella's uncle?

Renee quickly realized the document was likely Isabella and Michael's divorce papers.

Given Thomas's renowned legal team, it made sense.

If Isabella was handing these over to her uncle, it meant she was truly ready to let go of Michael.

Renee shifted her focus. "Did she say anything else to you?"

Her intuition told her Isabella wasn't as calm as she appeared.

"No, that's all."

The bodyguard answered quickly.

Isabella had strictly instructed him not to tell anyone, and he wouldn't dare disobey.

"Good, I was just asking. No need to be nervous."

Renee smiled, and the bodyguard visibly relaxed.

His subtle expressions, which Renee had learned to read from her training, indicated he was hiding something.

And it involved Isabella.

Instead of confronting him directly, she took a different approach.

"By the way, I just remembered Ms. Taylor said her uncle left something at home, in the living room. You can take it to him as well."

"What is it?"

"Come with me."

Renee led the bodyguard to a secluded spot and then pushed him into a corner.

The bodyguard instinctively wanted to react but held back.

"Renee, what are you doing?"

"I brought you here because I have questions. Did Ms. Taylor tell you anything?"

Renee didn't give him time to think, speaking directly.

"If you tell me now, I might be able to help you. But if you refuse and Mr. Atticus Wilson finds out, no one can save you."

Renee raised an eyebrow, calmly waiting for the bodyguard's response.

She had never failed in gathering information.

The bodyguard weighed his options.

As a subordinate of the Wilson family, he knew he would be punished if anything happened to Isabella.

But Renee was different.

As Isabella's friend, even if Mr. Atticus Wilson found out, he wouldn't harm her out of respect for Isabella.

Having someone to share the responsibility and help him, why wouldn't he agree?

But he was still cautious.

"Renee, you won't tell Ms. Taylor I leaked this, right?"

Everyone in the Wilson family knew Isabella's status. She was the precious niece of the five uncles, untouchable.

Renee understood his concern and reassured him.

"Just tell me everything. I'll handle it. But if you hide anything and Ms. Taylor gets hurt, think about the consequences for yourself."

The Wilson family had a strict reward and punishment system. Those who performed well could ask for anything, but mistakes were severely punished.

The bodyguard swallowed hard, fearing punishment, so he didn't dare hide anything.

The last time Isabella went out and got kidnapped, the bodyguards involved were reassigned and lost half a year's bonus.

He didn't want that fate.

"Ms. Taylor just said she wanted to go out for a drive and asked me to find her a car without telling Mr. Atticus Wilson."

Renee frowned. "That's all?"

"She didn't say where she was going?"

The bodyguard shook his head. "No, but she didn't seem in a hurry. She might go out in the afternoon or evening."

Evening?

Renee suddenly remembered the torn invitation, which was for an event at 8 PM.

If it were for anything else, she would stop Isabella from going out.

But this was different.

Having spent so much time with Isabella, Renee knew how deeply Isabella loved Michael. It was precisely because of this love that Isabella forced herself to let go.

Renee admired Isabella's calmness in facing this situation.

Michael was the man Isabella loved.

Bianca was Isabella's sister.

Michael and Bianca were not only together but had the audacity to invite Isabella to witness their happiness. Anyone else would have lost their cool.

Most people would have stormed in, exposing their ugly faces online for everyone to see.

Renee suddenly had a realization.

Could Isabella be planning to secretly follow them, gather evidence of Michael and Bianca's relationship, and make them pay dearly?

That's more like it.

As Renee pondered how to help Isabella, the bodyguard asked quietly.

"Renee, what should I do? Should I still get a car for Ms. Taylor?"

Renee's eyes flashed, and she quickly made a decision.

"Yes! Do exactly as Ms. Taylor asked, but..."

"But what?"

"But add a little something to the car for extra security."

Renee pulled out a small, discreet button, no bigger than a fingernail, perfect for hiding anywhere.

###chapter 377 Inquire About Something

Renee didn't need to say a word for the bodyguard to recognize what she was holding. He didn't even dare to take it from her, his face turning pale with fear.

"Renee, are you trying to get me killed?"

It was a tracker. And he was just a bodyguard, what right did he have to put it on his employer? It was insane!

Renee didn't care about any of that. She just wanted Isabella to be happy and safe at the same time.

"Why can't you be a bit more flexible?"

"Do you think this is a normal situation? If you don't let Isabella go out, she'll be upset. But if you let her go out alone, who can be at ease? Without this tracker, if Mr. Atticus Wilson asks where she is, and you don't know, then you're really done for."

The bodyguard had to admit she had a point.

But he didn't have any other options at the moment.

In the afternoon, Michael had just finished his work when he received a call from Aaron, who was overseas.

"Mr. Brown, our people have talked to the head of the mining operation, but strangely, he suddenly lost interest in the cooperation he was so eager about last time. Instead, he keeps using the negotiations as an excuse to probe into our situation."

"I found it suspicious, so I paused the negotiations. But the head of the operation said they've already completed all the paperwork and just need to finalize the profit-sharing ratio. He asked for more time."

If Aaron hadn't told him this personally, Michael would have thought the head was playing games with them.

Securing mining rights wasn't a small matter. It was a multi-billion-dollar project.

If the head wasn't doing this on purpose, then there was clearly something wrong.

Michael could see it, and Aaron had thought of it too.

"Mr. Brown, I suspect the head of the mining operation has been bought off by the Adri Family. They're pretending to cooperate with us to delay and waste our resources, leaving us with nothing in the end."

Eventually, the mining rights would go to the Adri Family, and Michael's team would be left in ruins.

Aaron's suspicion was reasonable, but Michael knew how hard it was to establish a foothold in a foreign country without any influence.

But no matter how hard it was, he had to try.

"Are there any other mining operations nearby that we could approach?"

If the Adri Family was focused on one large mining operation, they might not pay much attention to the smaller ones.

Undermining their efforts could be a viable strategy, even if it meant Michael would lose some profit.

After all, they had already invested too much in the mining project. If they ended up with nothing, that would be the biggest loss.

Right now, the most important thing was to secure the mining rights. Once they had that, they could take their time with the rest.

This wasn't their home turf; a head-on confrontation wouldn't benefit him.

Aaron, on the other end of the line, was still reluctant to give up on the largest mining operation.

"Mr. Brown, I still want to give it another shot. Their internal structure isn't as solid as it seems. If we can find their weak spot and offer better terms than the Adri Family, I think we might still have a chance."

"Even abroad, no one can resist the lure of profit."

Michael was silent for a moment before finally agreeing to Aaron's request.

"Alright, come up with a new project estimate as soon as possible."

"Yes, Mr. Brown."

Even though he knew the situation, Michael still wanted to remind him, "Aaron, I get that you don't want the Adri Family to snag this project, but remember, we've already sunk a lot into this. If we can't cut our losses in time, we'll end up losing even more."

They had poured a ton of money, manpower, and resources into this project, and the upcoming jewelry market would need a hefty promotional budget.

These were major expenses, and he had to think long-term.

"I understand, Mr. Brown."

Aaron had been with Michael for several years and understood the weight of his words.

Since Aaron was sent there, he would make the most of his role. If it didn't work out, he would find another way.

After discussing work, Aaron hesitated before asking a personal question.

"Mr. Brown, there's something I want to ask you."

Michael immediately knew what he was getting at.

He decided to be straightforward. "Renee is staying with the Wilson Family, with Isabella. I heard her leg is almost healed, so you don't need to worry."

"As for anything else, I can't help you."

He hadn't had a chance to see Isabella either. Even the divorce papers were handed over to Thomas to deliver.

"I understand. Thank you, Mr. Brown."

Aaron knew Renee's stubborn personality well. If she didn't trust someone or something, no amount of explanation would change her mind.

He just wanted to know how she was doing.

As long as she was safe, he didn't ask for more.

When he left last time, her leg was still badly injured. Now that she had recovered so quickly, it seemed staying with Isabella was a good thing for her.

Since he wasn't in the country, he couldn't protect her. Knowing she was with Isabella gave him peace of mind.

"Alright, speed up your progress over there, and you'll naturally get to see her."

Michael couldn't stand Aaron's lovesick demeanor.

He decided to give Aaron some reassurance, so he wouldn't be distracted by thoughts of his girlfriend all the time.

"Thank you, Mr. Brown. I'll speed things up and make sure to complete the task." Aaron was eager to return home and see Renee.

He missed her terribly.

As night fell, Michael, dressed in a sleek black suit, stepped into the Starlit Tavern.

He checked the time; there was still half an hour before Bianca was supposed to arrive.

He headed to his private booth.

A waiter quickly brought his usual drink and placed it on the table before leaving.

Michael wasn't in a hurry. He took out a small bear keychain and fiddled with it.

His purpose for coming here tonight was to get the truth from Bianca.

Then he planned to have her arrested and taken to the police.

He hadn't forgotten the pain she caused his child and Isabella's kidnapping.

Bianca had hurt his wife and killed their child; there was no way he would let her go.

His men were already in position outside, ready to surround the bar as soon as Bianca showed up. She wouldn't be able to escape.

Thinking about this, Michael narrowed his eyes, took off his suit jacket, and relaxed on the sofa.

The drink in front of him was the same one he had with Ethan last time. He remembered it was quite strong.

But he had important matters to attend to tonight, so he decided not to drink it.

Just then, a waiter pushed open the door and handed Michael a freshly made cocktail.

"Mr. Brown, this is our new drink. Please try it; it's not very strong."

###chapter 378  Take Your Dirty Hands Off

Michael was a regular here, and stuff like this happened often enough that he didn't think much of it.

He nodded, "Just leave it here."

"Sure thing, Mr. Brown."

The waiter finally left.

Michael waited for quite a while, but there was still no sign of Bianca. He was starting to get a bit bored.

He looked at the new drink in front of him, which had a blue glow. Curious, he picked it up and took a sniff. The scent of lime hit him first, followed by other fruity aromas, and finally, the smell of alcohol.

He took a small sip. Not bad.

He had to admit, the bartender here was pretty talented, coming up with one or two new drinks almost every month.

The glass was shallow, and Michael finished it in one gulp.

Even though it was a cocktail, it was still alcohol-based, and the effects were starting to kick in.

Michael put down the glass and was about to get up to go to the restroom when he suddenly felt dizzy. If he hadn't been sitting on the couch, he might have crashed into something.

His mind went blank, and Michael's consciousness was quickly swallowed up.

The drug was so strong that he couldn't even make a sound before collapsing onto the couch.

The last thing he saw was someone coming in from outside, probably having heard the noise.

It was the same waiter who had brought him the drink. The waiter looked at him, clearly not intending to help.

Instead, he was just there to confirm that Michael was really out.

Was it him? Did he drug the drink?

That was Michael's last thought before he completely blacked out.

In the swirling darkness, it felt like he was having a long dream.

In the dream, he was constantly fighting with someone, but no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't see the other person's face.

When he finally woke up, he felt utterly exhausted, drenched in cold sweat.

Michael's vision was filled with blinding white light, and his head was pounding. He instinctively tried to hold his head, but found his hands were tightly bound.

Not just his hands, but his legs and feet were also securely tied.

He couldn't move at all.

A harsh light shone down on him.

Michael squinted to take in his surroundings and realized he was no longer in the bar. He was in an unfamiliar place, like an ordinary house.

But how did he end up here?

Michael couldn't figure it out, but he vaguely remembered seeing the waiter come in before he passed out.

After that, he lost all consciousness.

So, the person who brought him here was likely that waiter.

But then Michael reconsidered. It didn't seem possible.

He was a regular at the bar, and everyone there knew him. How could a mere waiter have the guts to drug him?

Plus, his people were all outside the bar. If he had been kidnapped, there would have been some commotion.

Unless someone was pulling the strings from behind!

Bianca!

Could it be her?

She was the one who had invited him to the bar tonight, and she was the one who hadn't shown up. She was also the only one capable of pulling off something like this.

What was Bianca up to?

As Michael pondered this, the door suddenly opened, and Bianca walked in, wearing a sexy black dress.

"Michael, you're finally awake. You have no idea how long I've been waiting for you."

Bianca reached out and touched Michael's face, her hand sliding down his body provocatively, lingering on his chest.

He didn't like this woman, so Bianca's actions only made Michael feel disgusted.

"Get your filthy hands off me!"

"Bianca, did you have someone drug me and bring me here?"

Even tied up like this, Michael remained calm, his eyes cold as he stared at Bianca.

Bianca didn't seem to care about Michael's disdain.

After all, he was already in her hands. No matter what, he couldn't escape.

She lifted his chin with her finger and asked, "So what if it was me? Michael, you know I've never let go of you. Today, I must have you."

"I had no choice but to bring you here. You always focus on that bitch Isabella and never spare any love for me. To get you, I had to resort to this."

Bianca's light words made Michael's face darken.

Was Bianca crazy?

Just because he didn't love her, she was going to force him to have sex with her?

"Let me go, and we can talk this out."

Michael knew reasoning with her wouldn't work. He had to lower her guard and find a chance to contact his people.

But this tactic no longer worked on Bianca. Last time in the warehouse, she had trusted Michael too much, and he had made a fool of her.

He had tied her to the bed and left her there.

Today, she was going to make him experience what she had felt.

"Michael, don't waste your time. No one can stop me from having you tonight. Besides, being with me benefits you too, doesn't it?"

Bianca raised her seductive eyebrows and leaned in, using her feminine wiles on Michael.

"Michael, do you know how much I want to be with you, to have your child? But you always reject me, push me away."

"Have you ever thought that I might be hurt and sad too?"

She placed her fingers on his lips, looking at him with eyes full of deep emotion, as if she wanted to show him her heart.

But all she got was Michael's cold response, "You're not worthy of having my child!"

He lifted his head, a flash of murderous intent in his eyes. "You killed my child with your own hands."

Bianca laughed.

Her eyes were cold and icy.

"Michael, don't you think it's better that the child is gone?"

"That bitch Isabella doesn't love you. Why waste your time on her? What if she takes the child and finds another man to be the father? What would happen to your reputation?"

"You should be thanking me. That child shouldn't have been born. He was just a bastard Isabella had to trap you."

"Shut up!"

"That was my child with Isabella. Who gave you the right to talk about him like that? You don't deserve it!"

Seeing Michael's reaction, Bianca found it amusing.

At the same time, she realized how pathetic she was.

He didn't care about the child; he cared that the child was Isabella's.

But she would never admit that.

She would rather live in the lie that he just didn't love her anymore than believe he had true feelings for Isabella.

###chapter 379  Could He Be Michael?

"Michael, are you seriously feeling sorry for her just because she lost a kid?"

"And did you ever think about what kind of life I had when you dumped me in that hellhole in Auroria?"

Bianca sneered. "When I was nearly tortured to death there, did you ever feel even a bit of pity for me?"

Michael's face darkened. "Bianca, do I need to remind you of the stupid things you did back then?"

He regretted not sending her even farther away, giving her the chance to escape.

And now she had connections with the mysterious Adri family.

Bianca hadn't forgotten the drugs she had given Isabella, which she had bought at a high price from the black market.

She had hoped Isabella would be taken from the nightclub and, ideally, raped.

Instead, she had inadvertently brought Isabella and Michael together.

She regretted it deeply.

But tonight, she didn't want to dwell on those bad memories. Her time was running out, and she wanted to spend every moment she had left with him.

"Michael, do you have to bring this up? Don't you remember the good times we had? Back then, you only had eyes for me."

In a few days, she would have to return to that man.

She might never have the chance to come back.

Even if she did, her parents were dead. What would she come back for?

So, she had seen through it all.

Whatever she wanted, she would take by any means necessary, so she wouldn't have any regrets.

Having said that, Bianca couldn't wait any longer and reached out to unbutton Michael's shirt.

With his hands and feet tied, Michael couldn't stop Bianca's actions.

In no time, Michael's muscular chest was exposed to Bianca.

Michael finally couldn't calm down anymore.

"Bianca, are you crazy? Get off me!"

Michael's eyes were full of disgust. He couldn't accept any woman other than Isabella, especially not Bianca, who had caused his child's death.

He felt nothing but revulsion.

"How could I leave when you're right here?"

Bianca reached out to touch Michael's strong chest, biting her lip with an eager expression. "Michael, just stop resisting. Isn't this the kind of thing you men love the most?"

As she spoke, she pulled Michael's shirt apart.

Ignoring his words, she kicked off her shoes, climbed onto the bed, and straddled his waist. The feeling was exhilarating.

No matter how unwilling Michael was, in the end, he was lying there, letting her touch him.

She knew he didn't love her anymore, but just having him once would be enough.

As Bianca lowered her head to kiss his lips, Michael, summoning strength from who knows where, flipped her off the bed.

She nearly hit the wall.

"Michael!"

Bianca couldn't believe it. How could he push her away when she, a beautiful woman, was on top of him?

Her face turned red with anger. She refused to believe there was a man she wanted but couldn't have.

As she stood up, she twisted her ankle and gasped in pain.

Gritting her teeth, she glanced at Michael and went to get some medicine.

Seizing the opportunity, Michael rolled off the bed and bolted towards the door.

He crossed the small living room and reached the front door, only to find it locked.

In his current state, he couldn't open it.

No wonder Bianca was sitting in the living room, calmly rubbing her ankle, not worried at all.

She knew he couldn't escape.

"Bianca, I'm giving you one last chance. Open the door, and I'll spare your life."

Michael's face was almost black with anger.

As the CEO of the Brown Group, he had never suffered such humiliation.

He swore that once he got out, he would have Bianca sent to jail, where she would never see the light of day again.

"Michael, stop struggling. The drug's effects haven't worn off yet. If you pass out, we won't be able to continue."

Bianca's voice was sweet, but her smile was smug.

She had prepared thoroughly to get him.

The drug would sap Michael's strength but keep him conscious enough to have sex with her.

She wanted him to remember that wonderful moment forever.

While they were at a standoff, outside the door, a familiar figure approached.

Isabella stood in front of the opposite apartment door.

Facing the familiar yet strange environment, Isabella suddenly felt like giving up.

She admitted she had come here to avoid the mess between Michael and Bianca.

But as time passed, she couldn't help but think about what they were doing.

She should be storming into the bar, causing chaos for Michael and Bianca.

At least it would make her feel better, right?

So, what was the point of hiding in a small apartment?

The divorce papers weren't finalized yet. Why couldn't she exercise her rights as his wife and capture their scandalous acts as leverage?

At least then, Michael wouldn't dare cause trouble during the divorce.

Determined, Isabella took a deep breath and was about to drive to the Starlit Tavern when a loud noise came from the opposite apartment.

Isabella jumped.

She didn't come here often and didn't know when someone had moved in next door.

But the noise was too loud.

Could something have happened?

Worried, Isabella took a few steps closer to the door, about to knock and ask if they needed help, when the door suddenly burst open.

A tall figure fell out, followed by a woman in a camisole, her chest exposed, pouncing on the man.

They fell right in front of Isabella.

She was stunned by the scene.

What had she just witnessed?

A man tied up like a pretzel, his shirt in tatters, exposing his muscular back.

His pants were still intact but wrinkled from the struggle.

The woman on top of him was practically naked, her clothes barely covering anything, as she clung to him.

Isabella was about to back away when she saw the man's face.

Could it be Michael?

###chapter 380 Forced Love

The next second, Michael, who was on the ground, struggled to get up. As soon as he lifted his head, he found himself face-to-face with Isabella.

"Isabella?"

What was she doing here?

The same question flashed through Isabella's mind, but she quickly understood.

The woman half-naked in Michael's arms was Bianca.

They really wouldn't stop until they got what they wanted. If she didn't go to the bar, they'd come here. Did they have to have sex right in front of her?

Seeing the marks on Michael's body, Isabella's eyes grew colder.

More than anger, she felt disgusted.

"Michael, you have no shame. Do you even know where you are?"

"I've already avoided you, and you still had to find my place. What, do you enjoy doing this in front of others?"

"Or do you have a fetish for being watched while you're doing it?"

She had never mentioned this place to anyone, yet Michael and Bianca had come to the apartment across from hers just to disgust her.

Maybe she had been followed by Michael's people since the beginning of the day.

Otherwise, how could he have timed it so perfectly for her to catch them in the act?

They were all out of their minds.

"Isabella."

Michael was stunned. He truly didn't know the apartment across the hall was Isabella's.

He was about to explain when Bianca suddenly covered his mouth, stepping out of his arms with a shy look.

"Sis, you misunderstood Michael. We really didn't mean for you to see this. It's just that he..."

Bianca glanced at Michael with a flushed face, her voice dripping with sweetness. "It's just that he's so strong and insists on doing these exciting things. I couldn't handle it, and that's why we made noise. We really didn't do it on purpose."

The more Bianca spoke, the darker Michael's face became.

What nonsense was this bitch Bianca spouting?

"Isabella, it's not what it looks like. You misunderstood. She tied me up."

Thomas had already sent the divorce papers to him. Michael didn't want any more misunderstandings with Isabella, especially because of Bianca.

"Tied you up?"

Isabella's cold gaze fell on Michael, her sneer deepening.

"Michael, even your lies should have limits. If you weren't willing, who in all of Evergreen City could tie you up?"

It was only natural for Isabella to think that way.

But this time, Michael had fallen for Bianca's trick.

If it weren't for that drugged drink, he wouldn't have been unable to break free from a single rope.

Not only that, Bianca had even tricked Isabella into coming here.

Although he didn't know how she found out Isabella would come, his gut told him this was all part of Bianca's plan.

Her goal was to ruin his marriage with Isabella completely.

Michael wanted to tell the truth, but facing Isabella's cold, disdainful eyes, he couldn't get the words out.

Isabella no longer trusted him and only wanted to divorce him as soon as possible.

No matter what he said, she probably wouldn't care.

Especially something as ridiculous as being drugged-Isabella would never believe it.

Thinking of this, Michael struggled against the ropes. He couldn't move, and the only way to escape was if Isabella helped him.

"Isabella, I know you just want to divorce me. I have time now. How about we go to your place and talk?"

He needed to get rid of Bianca to explain the absurd situation to Isabella.

"Michael, are you sure you want to leave me like this?"

Before Michael could move, Bianca clung to him, deliberately rubbing her chest against his arm.

Isabella already had no trust in Michael. Watching them flaunt their affection in front of her made her not want to look at them for another second.

Since they weren't at the bar, she didn't need to go there anymore.

She didn't need any leverage against Michael.

She just wanted them to disappear from her sight.

"Michael, I've already given the new divorce papers to my uncle. I've agreed to all your terms. Now we're just waiting for the court date, and then we can get divorced."

"So, do whatever you want, with whoever you want. It has nothing to do with me."

Isabella didn't spare Michael another glance. She turned, took out her keys, and went inside.

With a loud slam, she shut the door, leaving Michael and Bianca, that scumbag and bitch, outside.

As soon as the door closed, Isabella gritted her teeth and exhaled.

What a scumbag!

She had really misjudged him.

He was no different from any other man. When a woman threw herself at him, he obediently surrendered.

And he brought Bianca to the house across from hers. What did he take her for?

Outside.

Watching Isabella go inside, Bianca's lips curled into a smug smile.

"Michael, sis doesn't want you, but I do. Time is precious. Let's continue."

With that, Bianca hooked her finger under Michael's chin, gripping the rope around him tightly, and dragged him inside.

Michael had just escaped. There was no way he would go back.

Every touch from Bianca made him feel sick.

"Bianca, get off me!"

"Michael, you're divorcing her anyway. If she doesn't want you, I do."

Having finally gotten her hands on him, Bianca wasn't about to let him go.

Ignoring the fact that they were still at the door, Bianca pounced on Michael, tearing off his only white shirt.

The sound of ripping fabric echoed as they tumbled onto the wooden floor inside.

Michael grunted in pain, while Bianca took the opportunity to grope him.

Michael's face darkened. He couldn't move his hands or feet, only his mouth.

"Bianca, you crazy woman, get away from me!"

But the more he struggled, the tighter Bianca held on.

"Yes, I'm crazy, but it's all because of you. Now that I finally have you to myself, you better not resist."

What they hadn't finished in the warehouse last time, she was determined to complete today.

Feeling his hardness, Bianca was obsessed. She couldn't wait to do something with Michael.

With that thought, Bianca flipped her hair and locked the door from the inside.

She reached for Michael's remaining pants.

"Michael, no one will disturb us now. I promise you'll enjoy what's coming next."

###chapter 381  Virility Soup

"Get off me."

Michael felt nothing but disgust as Bianca clung to him like a leech. He was repulsed from the inside out.

Bianca was beyond crazy; calling her a lunatic would be a compliment.

As he felt his dignity slipping away, Michael gritted his teeth, trying to buy time.

"What do you want?"

Bianca laughed, her fingers teasingly playing with his belt. "Isn't it obvious, Michael? I want you."

Michael was at a loss for words. He didn't even want to waste his breath cursing her. He just needed to know one thing.

"What do you even like about me?"

He had never had any feelings for Bianca. He couldn't understand when she became so obsessed with him.

If there was a reason, he could explain it.

No matter what, he didn't want to have sex with Bianca in this powerless situation.

Maybe his question piqued Bianca's interest. She raised an eyebrow and paused.

Why was she so obsessed with Michael? Was it his looks, or his family background?

But those weren't the main reasons.

Why was she so fixated on him?

Suddenly, a glint of realization flashed in Bianca's eyes.

Of course, it was because of Isabella.

Ever since she joined the Taylor family, she had been compared to Isabella.

Whatever Isabella had, Bianca had to have. No matter what it was, if Isabella had it, Bianca had to have it too.

And Michael was the person Isabella cared about the most.

If she could get him, she could easily crush Isabella.

But she wasn't going to tell Michael that.

"Michael, liking someone doesn't need a reason. You're so amazing; it's only natural I fell for you."

"Let's not waste any more time, okay?"

Bianca leaned in, lowering her head to kiss Michael.

"Wait!"

Michael's cold voice cut through the air. "If you want to do this, shouldn't you untie me first?"

Bianca's eyes flickered, and she laughed softly. "Michael, don't think I don't know what you're planning. If I untie you, you'll just turn around and tie me up, right?"

Michael's eyes darkened, but his face remained calm. "I just think it's inconvenient. Do you really want to do this with me tied up?"

Whether Michael was sincere or not, Bianca wasn't going to untie him.

"It doesn't matter. You're too cunning. If I untie you, what if you run away?"

"But having you tied up isn't necessarily a bad thing. Don't you think it adds a bit of excitement, Michael?"

Bianca looked at Michael seductively, her hands moving to unbuckle his belt.

As she focused on undressing him, the doorbell rang, interrupting them.

"Who is it?"

Bianca was furious. Being interrupted twice was enough to make anyone angry.

"Delivery. Open the door."

Delivery?

Bianca frowned. She hadn't ordered anything, and she had told the bodyguards not to disturb her.

Where did this delivery come from?

She got up and looked through the peephole. There was indeed a delivery guy outside.

She adjusted her clothes and opened the door a crack. "I didn't order anything. You must have the wrong address."

The delivery guy checked the address and confirmed it was correct. "This is the right place. Do you want it or not?"

He showed her the contents of the bag. If she didn't take it, he was ready to leave.

"What is it?"

Bianca glanced at the receipt and saw a glaring word.

"Virility Soup!"

This was something to boost a man's sexual performance.

The delivery guy nodded, looking curiously inside. "Yes, it's all great for boosting men's performance."

Especially since the person who opened the door was a woman, the delivery guy was curious about the man who needed this.

Michael, sitting behind the door, heard everything.

He didn't care about the delivery.

He just wanted to get out of there.

"I didn't order this!"

Bianca frowned and refused. "Michael doesn't need this, and I wouldn't order something so useless."

The delivery guy misunderstood, thinking Bianca was just embarrassed.

"You're just shy. Just take it and tell him it's regular soup. He won't know the difference."

It was about a man's pride, after all.

The delivery guy lowered his voice, but Michael heard everything clearly.

He was grateful for the interruption. If not for the delivery guy, Bianca might have already had her way with him.

Outside, Bianca was at her wit's end.

"Are you done? I said I didn't order anything. Do you not understand?"

She was so close to having Michael, and now this interruption. She was furious.

And what would Michael think if he heard this?

The delivery guy was confused. "Aren't you Ms. Taylor? The address and room number are correct. I couldn't have made a mistake."

Bianca's face darkened. She stormed out and banged on the door across the hall. "Isabella, get out here! It was you, wasn't it?"

"You knew what I was doing with Michael and sent this to interrupt us. What are you trying to do?"

"If you have the guts, come out and face me. Stop hiding!"

Inside, Isabella stood behind her door, having heard everything.

From the moment the delivery guy started talking about the soup, she had been laughing so hard she could barely stand.

###chapter 382 Successful Self-Rescue

She had ordered that takeout on purpose.

Did they really think she was that generous?

Michael had brought Bianca right in front of her to get under her skin. If she did nothing, it would be so un-her.

And besides, she was just being "kind" by sending over a bowl of Virility Soup. It's not like she was taking inappropriate photos of them. She was already being merciful.

To help them have a "pleasant" night, she had even added extra ingredients to the Virility Soup. How considerate of her.

But Bianca didn't appreciate it and even blamed her.

Her good intentions were wasted.

What a pity.

Outside the door, Bianca was still yelling. Isabella wasn't scared at all. She opened the door and stepped out.

"Why are you shouting in the middle of the night?"

Isabella glanced at her own door and raised an eyebrow. "You even dared to bang on my door. Should I call the security downstairs to cheer you two on?"

"Isabella!"

Bianca was instantly at a loss for words.

She was at a critical moment. If a bunch of people came up, how could she spend the night with Michael?

So, the first thing she needed to deal with was that takeout.

"You ordered it, didn't you?"

Bianca asked directly.

Isabella shrugged, not intending to hide it at all. "Yeah, so what?"

Bianca was so angry her face turned red. She knew it was Isabella.

Isabella knew Michael was with Bianca and still dared to order Virility Soup to provoke her. She was asking for it.

"So, the lady across the hall ordered it. But isn't your room 501? Why does the order say the room across the hall?"

Realizing he had the wrong person, the delivery guy quickly handed the food to Isabella.

But Isabella dodged it like it was something dirty.

"No, it is exactly for the people across the hall!"

"Huh?" The delivery guy was confused.

Isabella explained, "Look at me, a single woman. Why would I need Virility Soup? I ordered it for my 'useless' ex-husband."

After she said that, everyone except Isabella had a change in their expressions.

Especially the delivery guy, who couldn't help but look back and forth between Isabella and Bianca.

The information was too much for him to process.

Seeing him frozen, Isabella kindly explained, "I forgot to mention, the lady who was banging on the door is my half-sister, and my husband is hiding in the room across the hall."

"If you hadn't rushed to deliver this soup, they might have already started having sex."

The delivery guy was stunned.

Isabella continued, "It's one thing for my sister to be involved with her brother-in-law, especially since we're almost divorced. But they can't be so blatant about it, sneaking around in the room right across from mine."

"Alas, I can't control you, but I know some things. I was worried you might get stuck halfway, so I ordered this Virility Soup to help set the mood. It's my sisterly duty."

Isabella asked sincerely.

"Hey, did I do anything wrong?"

The delivery guy swallowed hard, trying to process the explosive drama in front of him.

Oh my God, what had he just heard?

The sister and brother-in-law were involved. The brother-in-law was impotent?

What was so attractive about the brother-in-law?

The delivery guy didn't know what to say. Looking at the two sisters, he decided to hand the takeout to Bianca.

"Maybe you should take this?"

After all, Bianca was the one who really needed the Virility Soup.

"What do I need it for?"

Bianca looked at it, feeling disgusted.

"Because, compared to your sister, you seem to need it more."

Bianca frowned and followed the delivery guy's gaze, realizing her clothes had come undone while banging on the door, revealing her sexy nightgown.

Meanwhile, Isabella was elegantly dressed, not even having taken off her coat, looking much more composed.

Bianca gritted her teeth, knowing that continuing the argument would only make her lose. She grabbed the food.

"Isabella, just you wait!"

After giving Isabella a venomous look, Bianca stormed into the room across the hall, slamming the door behind her.

Watching Bianca so furious, Isabella felt a wave of satisfaction.

She smiled at the delivery guy and waved. "Thanks, goodbye."

The delivery guy was momentarily dazzled by Isabella's sweet smile and quickly responded, "No problem, just doing my job. But..."

He glanced at the closed door across the hall, unable to resist his curiosity, and asked quietly.

"Was what you said true? The people across the hall are really your husband and sister? That's so shameless."

The delivery guy couldn't understand. In terms of looks and figure, Isabella was clearly superior.

What was the problem with her husband?

"Exactly. If he had any self-respect, he wouldn't do such a disgusting thing."

After the delivery guy left, Isabella's gaze turned towards the door across the hall, as if she could see through it.

What did it matter if she got her revenge?

What was going to happen between Michael and Bianca would still happen. This wouldn't change anything.

And what awaited Isabella was endless darkness.

Michael was determined to be with Bianca. Nothing she did would change that.

As she closed the door, Isabella looked around at everything that reminded her of Michael, feeling a deep sense of loss.

Maybe Michael and Bianca were having a passionate moment, while Isabella sat helplessly on the bed, surrounded by memories of him.

As the daughter of the Wilson family, how had she fallen so low?

If her uncles knew, they would be disappointed.

But Isabella didn't know that her little act of revenge had given Michael the best chance to save himself.

After entering the room, Bianca threw the Virility Soup into the trash.

She was about to take off her clothes and continue with Michael when a large hand grabbed her neck from behind.

"Michael?"

Bianca turned around with difficulty, seeing that Michael, who had been struggling on the floor, had freed himself.

Her eyes widened in disbelief. "When did you untie the ropes?"

"While you were out."

Michael tightened his grip, filled with rage from what he had just endured. He wanted to strangle her.

"Bianca, now you'll face the consequences."

###chapter 383 Speculation Confirmed

After he finished talking, Michael grabbed Bianca's phone and called his crew, telling them to get there fast.

Then, he tied Bianca up with a rope and taped her mouth shut.

He didn't give her a chance to say a word.

Michael's guys showed up quickly and took her away.

With Bianca captured, Michael looked at the marks all over his body, feeling both disgusted and uncomfortable. He wanted to take a shower to wash away all traces of Bianca from his skin.

Only then could he leave this place.

But Bianca had just used the bathroom here, and he didn't want to touch anything related to her.

Yet, he couldn't wait until he got back home.

Suddenly, Michael remembered Isabella, who lived right across the hall.

He could go to her.

He hadn't noticed before that she had property here, but this neighborhood seemed a bit old. Who knew when she had bought it?

Now, he wanted to go over and explain everything to Isabella, including the misunderstanding with Bianca.

The bodyguards took Bianca away, and Michael walked straight to Isabella's door, gently knocking. "Isabella, it's me. I need to talk to you."

"Isabella, are you in there?"

Michael knocked a few more times, but there was no response from inside.

Just as he was about to call out again, a returning bodyguard hurried over to report, "Mr. Brown, please stop knocking. Mrs. Brown has already left; she's not here."

"Left?"

Michael frowned. "How could she have left? She was just here."

He had heard her voice just moments ago.

"It's true, Mr. Brown. Mrs. Brown has left. The security office saw her leave around the time you called us."

Michael felt like all his strength had drained away, and the light in his eyes dimmed.

Isabella was gone.

This time, she must have lost all trust in him and wouldn't come back.

So, were they destined to have no future together?

The bodyguard, seeing this, didn't dare make a sound and stood quietly by his side, motionless.

Michael took one last deep look at the door.

Then he said in a low voice, "Let's go."

A row of black luxury cars was parked downstairs. Michael got into the one in the middle.

The bodyguard cautiously asked, "Mr. Brown, where to now?"

Normally, the bodyguard would take him to the hotel he usually stayed at, but now, with Bianca captured, who knew if Michael would want to interrogate her right away.

"To Willow Creek Estates!"

That place was a temporary residence he had once lent to the Taylor Family. After they left, no one had moved in.

He felt disgusted and never went back.

Now, he needed to interrogate Bianca, and this was the best place to do it.

He didn't want Bianca to set foot in any of his properties again.

The car sped to the destination. As soon as Michael got out, he heard a loud noise overhead, like something was looking for a landing spot.

It could only be a private jet.

Coincidentally, there was a private helipad right across from Willow Creek Estates.

This apartment complex was in a wealthy area, so such things weren't unusual.

Michael didn't give it much thought and had Bianca taken upstairs.

As soon as he ripped the tape off her mouth, Bianca started screaming and shouting like a madwoman.

"Michael, what the hell are you doing? Let me go!"

"I'm warning you, I'm not alone. If you dare to kidnap or hurt me, the people backing me won't let you get away with it!"

A bodyguard stepped forward to tape Bianca's mouth again, but Michael stopped him.

He slowly sat down on the opposite sofa, took out a silver bear pendant from his pocket, and held it up for Bianca to see.

"Bianca, I don't have time for your crap. Do you recognize this?"

Bianca, terrified from being tied up and thinking about what Michael might do to her, didn't even think before responding.

"It's just a piece of junk. Why would I remember it?"

But Michael was persistent and asked again, "Are you sure you don't recognize it, not even a little?"

Seeing the disdain and contempt in Bianca's eyes, Michael felt he didn't need to hear more to know the answer.

All his suspicions were confirmed.

He felt an overwhelming pain.

He had asked Bianca about the bear pendant before, and she had casually said she threw it. He hadn't doubted her at all.

How foolish he had been to mistake Bianca for his savior.

Bianca found Michael's behavior strange. "If you have something to say, just say it. Why beat around the bush with a trinket? Is this fun for you?"

"You're right, it's not fun at all."

Michael let out a cold laugh, his eyes now filled with a deadly chill as he looked at Bianca.

Bianca shivered.

The last time she saw Michael with this look was when he tied her up and sent her to Auroria. Was he going to do that again?

Before Bianca could react, Michael's voice rang out.

"Bianca, you don't even recognize the token from back then. How dare you claim to be my savior?"

His voice was low and sharp, like a gleaming knife, cutting through the secret Bianca had hidden for years.

Facing Michael, who looked like a demon from hell, Bianca swallowed hard, unable to say a word.

But admitting the truth now was out of the question.

Her relationship with Michael was the only thing keeping her safe. If he found out she was an imposter, how could she escape from him alive?

"Michael, you misunderstood. I was just too scared and nervous to recognize it."

Bianca quickly thought back to when she found Michael by the sea. "But now that I look at it, it does seem familiar. It must be the bear I took from you when I saved you."

But her words held no credibility with Michael anymore.

He was already certain of Bianca's lies.

He narrowed his eyes, pointing to the bear pendant. "So you're saying you took this from me back then?"

"That's right. Don't you remember what happened at Moon Bay?"

Bianca desperately tried to convince Michael that she was his savior.

But Michael only felt like laughing. "Alright, if you say you took it, then why is it in my hand now?"

"When was the last time you saw it?"

"If you can answer even one of these questions, I'll believe you!"

###chapter 384  Tell Me, Who Is That Person?

The more intense Michael's stare got, the guiltier Bianca felt.

She hadn't even touched the item in question, so how was she supposed to know where it was last seen?

Caught off guard by Michael's sudden questioning, Bianca's mind went blank with nerves. She had no choice but to come up with a hasty excuse.

"Michael, why are you being so harsh? This happened so long ago, how could I remember it clearly?"

"Besides, I almost lost my life saving you from the ocean. It's normal for things to get lost in the chaos. What are you trying to imply by asking me now?"

Bianca tried to argue back, but the guilt on her face betrayed her.

Her mind drifted back to those past events.

After Isabella was taken away by her grandfather, Bianca became the only young lady of the Taylor Family.

She got everything she wanted, including all of Isabella's belongings.

One day, she was invited to a high-society party for young elites. She had the family bodyguard drive her there.

On the way, near Moon Bay, she spotted a familiar figure.

Isabella was walking alone on the beach with a backpack.

The backpack was a limited edition that Bianca had begged her parents for but never got. Only a few dozen were sold worldwide, and each one cost over $500,000.

Yet here was Isabella, an orphan with no one, casually carrying it like it was nothing. Bianca couldn't believe her eyes.

How could Isabella, an unwanted orphan, have something she couldn't get?

Determined to prove it was a fake, Bianca had the bodyguard stop the car. She followed Isabella, planning to humiliate her in public.

But before she could reach her, Isabella suddenly jumped into the ocean.

Isabella swam out and rescued a drowning boy.

Later, Bianca learned that boy was Michael.

When Isabella and Michael were washed ashore, they were both unconscious. Bianca was terrified, thinking they were dead.

As she moved closer to check, the bodyguard stopped her.

A group of men in black suits rushed past her to Isabella and Michael.

"Ms. Taylor, don't go over there. Didn't you see those men? They all have the Wilson Family's emblem. No one in Evergreen City, or even the entire South, dares to mess with them. We should leave."

Before Bianca could respond, the men had already carried Isabella and Michael to safety.

They were both unconscious when pulled from the water.

After emergency measures confirmed they were okay, the Wilson Family's bodyguards took Isabella away.

Michael was left lying there.

Bianca was too young to connect Isabella with the Wilson Family.

She first noticed Michael's incredibly handsome face, recognizing him as the boy she had seen a few times at her new elite school.

She had noticed him many times.

But he had never really looked at her.

Back then, she thought about how wonderful it would be to marry him when they grew up.

That day was her chance.

So, she stayed by Michael's side until the Brown Family arrived.

They assumed she had saved Michael and thanked her profusely. Bianca didn't correct them and accepted the role of Michael's savior.

In the following years, Michael treated her exceptionally well.

He catered to her every whim and invited her to his family's events.

She felt like a princess, the center of everyone's attention.

Even Michael's gaze was only for her.

His eyes were so gentle and doting.

She believed they would fall in love, get married, and she would live a happy life in a top-tier family.

Then Isabella reappeared.

Even though Michael still had feelings for her and didn't want to marry Isabella, he couldn't resist Aiden's strong stance.

With just a marriage contract, Isabella became his wife.

The position Bianca had dreamed of was taken by Isabella.

If Isabella hadn't shown up and forced Michael to marry her, that position would have been Bianca's!

Back in the present, Bianca felt a deep sense of injustice and bitterness. Michael was supposed to be hers.

Isabella had stolen everything from her. Why should she suffer this fate?

Seeing Bianca's unrepentant attitude, Michael knew she wouldn't tell the truth.

But he wouldn't act against her just yet.

He needed to find out who really saved him.

For years, he had trusted the wrong person and hurt Isabella because of it.

He truly regretted it.

"Bianca, I can overlook the past, but I have one question I need you to answer honestly."

Michael only wanted to know who saved him.

As for Bianca's fate, he would hand her over to the police. Her life or death would be her own doing.

"What is it?"

Bianca couldn't meet Michael's cold gaze. She felt he had seen through her lies and knew her secret.

Sure enough, Michael's next words pierced her facade.

"You described the rescue so vividly. You must have seen someone save me, right?"

"Tell me, who was it?"

Michael's voice was firm, his eyes filled with desperate hope.

He needed to know the truth.

Bianca laughed.

"Yes, I was a bit late and saw someone save you. But I stayed by your side until the Brown Family arrived. Doesn't that make me your savior?"

Since he had guessed, there was no point in hiding it.

But she wouldn't say it was Isabella.

She had pretended to be Michael's savior for years, benefiting greatly.

If she told him it was Isabella, Michael would fall even more in love with her.

She wasn't stupid enough to help Michael's love life, especially not with Isabella.

Michael's anger flared, and he grabbed Bianca by the throat.

"Bianca, stop playing dumb. Who was it? Do you know them? I want the truth!"

###chapter 385 I Bet You Don't Dare

"I saw her face, but I'll never tell you who she is, Michael. You'll never find her."

Bianca's eyes sparkled with a hint of madness. Even if Michael strangled her in the next second, she wouldn't give Isabella a single chance.

"How dare you!"

Michael's eyes were bloodshot, his face darkening as he tightened his grip. "You've been lying to me for years, making me live in a lie. What gives you the right to keep the truth from me now?"

The increasing pressure made Bianca almost suffocate.

Even so, she refused to give in, forcing out her words, "Why should I tell you? Do you think I've been happy all these years?"

"Michael, if I can't have you, I won't let anyone else have you either."

If Bianca couldn't have him, she would rather destroy everything than let that bitch Isabella win.

"Bianca, you're asking for it!"

Michael couldn't believe that after all the effort to capture her, he was on the verge of the truth, only for her to cut off his hopes completely.

A wave of regret and hatred surged through him. He wanted nothing more than to strangle Bianca right then and there.

Michael's grip tightened, and soon Bianca, bound hand and foot, couldn't make a sound. Her face turned paler, her eyes rolling back.

The bodyguards nearby were terrified, fearing that Michael might kill her in a fit of rage, which would cause a huge scandal.

They rushed forward to intervene. "Mr. Brown, please calm down. This woman's life isn't worth much, but if word gets out, it could greatly affect your reputation."

Given the Brown Group's power and influence in Evergreen City, Bianca was insignificant.

But Michael knew that if he killed Bianca, no one would ever tell him the truth about that year.

So, she couldn't die just yet!

Taking a deep breath, Michael flung Bianca aside with a wave of his hand.

Bianca's face turned even paler as she hit the sofa armrest. Though her neck hurt terribly, she was relieved to be spared from the suffocating sensation.

Gasping for air, she looked at Michael with nothing but endless hatred in her eyes.

In that moment, Michael had truly wanted to kill her.

If it weren't for the bodyguards' intervention, she might not be alive now.

Michael, the man she had loved for over a decade, had wanted to kill her for that bitch Isabella.

What did that make her? Did she mean nothing to him?

In the end, she was just a joke. A complete joke.

"Michael, I should never have fallen in love with you."

Bianca suddenly laughed, lying weakly on the sofa as she looked at Michael, her heart filled with despair.

"Bianca, I'll ask you one last time. Tell me that person's name, and I'll spare your life!"

Michael clenched his fists, his patience nearly exhausted.

If Bianca continued to be stubborn and refused to tell the truth, he wasn't sure he could keep his composure and spare her life next time.

But Bianca didn't care about his words at all.

She knew that in Michael's hands, she had no chance of survival. Even if she did, he would make her life a living hell.

If he wanted her dead, why should she make it easy for him?

If she couldn't live, he shouldn't be happy either.

But there was one thing she needed to know today.

"Michael, did you ever love me?"

For all these years, she had only loved him, her devotion and care no less than Isabella's.

She had practically laid her heart bare for him.

So why didn't he love her?

Was it just because Isabella married him first, that she could never enter his heart?

Hearing Bianca's question, Michael frowned before speaking with a sneer.

"I've told you before, I never loved you. I only felt obligated to you because you pretended to be my savior. I could never love a liar!"

Michael was now immensely grateful that his grandfather had chosen Isabella as his wife.

Back then, he had some affection for Bianca because of the savior illusion, thinking it wouldn't be bad to be with her.

But the more they interacted, the more he realized his true feelings. He had no feelings for Bianca.

Not even as a friend. His kindness to her was purely out of gratitude.

But as the Taylor family's greed grew, he saw their true colors and wanted nothing more than to distance himself from them.

Now, Bianca standing before him only made him feel disgusted.

"So, in your eyes, I'm just a liar. You never truly liked me."

Bianca laughed coldly, lifting her head. "I stayed by your side for so many years, thinking you'd marry me, treat me like a treasure. But you turned around and married Isabella, had a child with her. Michael, can you say you did nothing wrong?"

"If you didn't love me, why were you so good to me? Why did you put me on such a high pedestal? Now you say you don't love me and want to throw me away so you can be happy with her. I'm telling you, that's not going to happen!"

"I'd rather die than tell you the truth."

"Go ahead, kill me."

Bianca laughed, but tears streamed down her face, making her look both crazed and pitiful.

But she knew that if she revealed the secret, Michael wouldn't keep her alive.

Only by diverting the topic could she have a slim chance of survival.

But she underestimated how much that savior meant to Michael.

His face darkened, and he couldn't hold back any longer. He grabbed Bianca's neck again, throwing down a harsh sentence.

"If you're seeking death, I can give you a hand."

"Michael, I bet you don't dare!"

Bianca struggled to speak, her eyes unwavering.

If she died, no one would ever tell him the truth.

Michael's eyes turned red with rage. He wanted to end Bianca's life right then, his grip tightening until she passed out.

Michael coldly released her, picking up a nearby wet wipe to clean his hands in disgust.

Suddenly, a subordinate approached with a report.

"Mr. Brown, someone outside is asking to see you."

"Send them away."

Michael refused outright.

He was fuming and had no desire to see anyone or talk to anyone.

The bodyguard lowered his head and added, "But the man said he's here to see Ms. Bianca Taylor. He won't leave without seeing her."

###chapter 386 It Is a Good Deal

He was here for Bianca?

How did this guy know Bianca was hiding here? Could he have followed her all the way?

But the Taylor family is gone now. The only people who could come looking for her would be from that mysterious family backing her.

It must be someone from the Adri family.

Michael's eyes narrowed as he composed himself before giving the order, "Let him up."

Since he couldn't get any useful information from Bianca, he wanted to see how much value she still held for the Adri family.

He should be able to extract some information from them.

He waved for someone to bring Bianca into the room, leaving guards posted at the door.

The Adri family member arrived quickly. Michael had barely sat down to take a sip of water before the man was there.

Despite their long-standing rivalry, this was the first time Michael had seen the man in person.

He recognized him instantly, as the man exuded the same powerful aura as himself.

The man was tall, nearly six foot three, with blonde hair and blue eyes. His chiseled features were those of a classic mixed-race individual.

Dressed in a deep black suit, the man's perfect physique was accentuated.

He looked to be around thirty years old. With such looks and background, women must be flocking to him.

Michael couldn't understand how Bianca had managed to get close to this man in such a short time.

After all, he had learned a bit about the Adri family during this period.

This mysterious family had its own strict internal rules. They would abandon or eliminate anyone without value or who betrayed them. They would never conduct a rescue mission, especially not the person pulling the strings from behind the scenes.

If Bianca's mission was to get close to Michael and bring down the Brown Group, she had already failed and fallen into his hands.

In the eyes of the Adri family, Bianca would be a useless pawn.

Yet here this man was, personally coming for her.

Michael suddenly recalled the roaring sound he had heard outside earlier. It must have been caused by this man.

Such a grand entrance, just to save Bianca?

"Nice to meet you, Mr. Michael Brown."

The man extended his hand, his face devoid of any expression, like an emotionless machine.

Michael glanced at the man's gesture of peace and coolly extended his hand to shake it.

He still couldn't figure out what the Adri family wanted with the Brown Group, and now this man had suddenly appeared, knowing everything about him.

All he could do now was wait and see.

"Nice to meet you, and you are?" Michael asked.

The Adri family was very secretive in Auroria. Despite Michael's efforts, he hadn't been able to uncover any information about their members.

So, he had no idea what the man's name was.

But clearly, the man had no intention of telling Michael.

The man simply curled his lips slightly, "We will meet again. As for my name and personal information, Mr. Brown, you will find out. I am here to take someone away. Please, Mr. Brown, let her go."

Michael's eyes darkened.

The man wouldn't even give his name, yet he wanted to take Bianca from Michael?

Did he think Michael's place was somewhere he could come and go as he pleased?

Michael despised such mysterious behavior. "That's an interesting request. I don't even know who you are. Why should I hand her over to you?"

"Besides, this person is important to you and equally important to me. I still have use for her, so please leave."

Michael directly issued an eviction order.

Since the man wasn't sincere, there was nothing to discuss.

He hadn't yet uncovered the truth from back then. How could he just let her go?

The bodyguards moved to escort the man out, but he stood his ground. Suddenly, he said, "What if I offered something in exchange?"

The man's eyes gleamed with a sharp light.

Michael narrowed his eyes, suddenly thinking of something, but still asked expressionlessly, "What is it?"

Sure enough, the man's next words were what Michael wanted to hear.

"Isn't the Brown Group dreaming of acquiring the largest diamond mine? If you agree to let her go, I will withdraw from the competition."

"I think this deal is quite favorable for you, Mr. Brown."

The man was offering the largest diamond mine in exchange for Bianca?

Even Michael was stunned.

But the more he thought about it, the more it seemed like a trap.

He couldn't even confirm the man's identity. Why should he believe that the man could give up such a significant interest?

"Who exactly are you?"

To gauge the credibility of the man's words, he needed to know the man's position within the Adri family.

"I am the leader of the Adri family."

The man's voice was deep, and as he spoke, his face remained impassive, as if he was born to enjoy such honor.

It was this aura that confirmed the man's identity for Michael.

But he still had many doubts. "Would a family leader really give up his interests for a woman? Even flying across the world to find her."

It all seemed too strange.

The man didn't argue, only said calmly, "If you don't believe me, you should at least believe your own people. Your contact in Auroria is named Aaron, right? You can call him now and ask about the mine."

Michael's heart tightened.

This man even knew Aaron's information. No wonder Aaron had made no progress for so long. The Adri family's influence had already infiltrated their ranks.

Given the importance of the mine, Michael didn't hesitate. He took out his phone and called Aaron.

Due to the time difference, it was still daytime in Auroria.

When Aaron answered, Michael asked directly, "Aaron, what's the status of the diamond mine? Did we secure it?"

Aaron was stunned by the question. "Mr. Brown, how did you know? I just received a call. The mine rejected the Adri family's proposal and agreed to work with us, with the profit split as we requested."

Just as he thought!

All the previous uncertainties about the project were now confirmed.

As long as the Adri family was involved, outsiders couldn't get a piece of the pie.

And now, the mine had signed the contract without any conditions. The only possibility was that the man in front of him had said so.

"Got it. Proceed as we discussed."

After hanging up, Michael's expression grew even darker, and the bodyguards became more alert.

The man across from him remained calm. "Mr. Brown, do you believe me now?"

"I've shown my sincerity. If you need time to consider, I can wait. But in the meantime, may I see Bianca?"

###chapter 387 Earl Adri

The man spread his arms wide, showing Michael he was unarmed.

"Relax, Mr. Brown. I'm only here for one thing."

Michael glanced at him briefly, then nodded to his bodyguard.

The bodyguard stepped forward, patted the man down, and then led him to the room where Bianca was being held.

Bianca had woken up but was still tied up. When the door suddenly opened, she thought Michael was moving her to an even scarier place and screamed in terror.

"Don't take me away! Michael, how can you do this to me? How?"

"Bianca!"

The tall man called out to her in a deep voice.

The voice that had been haunting her every day made Bianca freeze the moment she heard it.

How could this be?

How could he be here?

But when Bianca turned around and saw the man, she had to believe her eyes.

The man strode into the room, came to the bed, and extended his hand to Bianca. "I'm here to take you away."

Bianca swallowed hard and cautiously reached out her hand. Feeling the warmth of his touch, she was convinced it was really him!

Overjoyed, she threw herself into his arms, clinging to him as if it was her last chance for survival.

"Baby, it's really you! I knew you wouldn't abandon me. You have no idea how scared I was."

Hearing Bianca's dramatic tone, the bodyguard couldn't help but twitch his face, but the man sitting on the bed remained unfazed, letting Bianca hold him.

He even gently patted her back. "I know. That's why I came to get you myself."

Bianca was well aware of the man's possessiveness, but she was more curious about how he ended up here.

"Baby, why did you suddenly come here? Is something wrong?"

After all, it was nearly a ten-hour flight from his country to here.

Bianca even thought of Nolan's plan but didn't expect the man to say, "You weren't coming back, and I was worried. So I came to get you."

"Thank God, I arrived in time."

Bianca was completely stunned by his words.

Did she hear that right?

This man came all the way here for her.

She knew she still had some hold over him, but given his status and background, how could he drop everything and risk his safety to fly to the other side of the world just to save her?

Could he really be in love with her?

As this thought crossed her mind, Bianca almost wanted to celebrate.

What did Michael matter now? The man she was with now was far superior.

She threw herself into his arms, expressing her love with emotion.

"Mr. Earl Adri, thank goodness you came. Otherwise, I would've been dead."

She felt foolish.

With such a powerful and loving Earl by her side, why did she ever come back to Michael, who didn't love her?

If Earl hadn't taken her back then, she would've died under those disgusting men.

Now that Earl had gone to such lengths for her, what else could she not let go of?

"Earl, take me away. I promise I'll never leave you again. I'll stay wherever you want me to, okay?"

Bianca looked at him with teary eyes. If she didn't leave now, who knew when Michael might go crazy and kill her.

The only one who could save her now was Earl.

She had to hold on to Earl tightly.

"Alright, we'll leave in a bit and never come back here."

Earl agreed without hesitation.

Bianca was almost overwhelmed with happiness. Besides being possessive and a bit cold, Earl met all her requirements.

With his family's backing, as long as she behaved, she would live a life of luxury.

And she could easily escape from Michael. How could she let go of such a good thing?

Just then, Michael arrived outside the door.

He glanced at Earl and Bianca inside, then focused on Earl, speaking in a low voice.

"Mr. Earl Adri, the deal is done. You can leave."

Earlier, he had called Aaron to find out Earl's identity.

Earl Adri, the most capable heir of the Adri Family, and the eldest son of the previous family head, was highly trusted within the family.

He had taken over family affairs at a young age and quickly built his own empire and influence.

"What deal?"

Bianca was stunned. She understood Michael was letting her go.

But he was Michael. He hated her and wanted her dead. Why would he suddenly let her go?

"Earl, what deal did you make with him?"

Bianca instinctively asked Earl.

She wasn't worried about Earl or moved by this. She just didn't want Michael to gain anything from her.

He almost killed her, and now he wanted to profit from her?

How could he have the nerve to do that?

Earl frowned and pulled Bianca close. "This isn't your concern. Let's go home."

"No!"

Bianca's eyes were red as she looked at Michael outside the door. "Why? Michael, why are you still using me?"

She had been the victim all these years.

For him, she willingly stayed abroad for three years to be worthy of him, and what did he do? He married Isabella.

What did he take her for?

She was unwilling to accept this.

Michael's cold eyes narrowed, suppressing his anger.

"Alright, that's it. We should go."

Earl stood up, giving Bianca no chance to speak, and took her away.

Standing by the window, Michael could see the private jet across the way.

Watching Earl lead Bianca onto the luxurious jet, his eyes darkened.

This was his first contact with the Adri Family.

For Bianca, Earl had given him the largest diamond mine in the area?

It seemed too easy, and Michael felt a vague unease.

This mysterious family had initially spent considerable resources to get close to him for the power of the Brown and Wilson Families.

But now they suddenly handed over their interests.

It didn't seem that simple.

Unless, in the eyes of the Adri Family, there was something even more valuable.

###chapter 388  Can't Let Go

The bodyguard trailing behind couldn't help but ask, "Mr. Brown, after everything Bianca did to you, you're just gonna let her go?"

With the Adri Family's protection, trying to capture Bianca again would be nearly impossible. Even a bodyguard like him could see that. How couldn't Michael know that?

As the plane slowly took off, Michael withdrew his gaze and said in a deep voice, "Letting her go doesn't mean letting her off the hook. Things aren't over yet. The more impatient we are, the more likely we are to lose everything."

Although he knew Bianca was responsible for his child's death, he lacked the crucial piece of evidence. On the day Isabella was poisoned, Bianca had an alibi. Moreover, the person who administered the poison was her subordinate, not Bianca herself. With just the hospital report, he couldn't do anything to Bianca.

Instead of illegally detaining her, it was better to sell a favor to the Adri Family. This way, the Brown Group could quickly gain the benefits they wanted, and Bianca would be far from the country. Only then would Isabella be safe.

However, letting Bianca off the hook was absolutely impossible. The death of their child, Daniel, and her kidnapping of Isabella-these were things he could never easily forgive. As soon as he had the evidence, no matter where she was, he would find a way to capture her and bring her to justice.

What happened next was just as Michael had anticipated. The mining project fell into the hands of the Brown Group after the Adri Family withdrew. The contract was signed on the day of the collaboration, and the project proceeded as scheduled. The next step was to send professionals to start mining.

After finalizing the details and ensuring the project was on track, Aaron immediately flew back to Evergreen City. Without taking a break, Aaron went straight to the Brown Group to see Michael after landing.

"Aaron, you've worked hard during this time."

Seeing him return safely, Michael stood up and patted his shoulder. Because Aaron was the person he trusted the most, he felt comfortable sending him on this mission. However, seeing Aaron's pale and exhausted face, Michael didn't need to guess how hard he had worked.

"Mr. Brown, why are you being so polite with me all of a sudden? I'm just doing my job for the company. It's what I should do."

Aaron scratched his head, feeling a bit embarrassed by Michael's praise. Michael smiled and nodded, not continuing with the formalities. He turned and asked his secretary to bring two cups of coffee, inviting Aaron to sit on the couch and rest for a while. They chatted as they drank their coffee.

When the coffee arrived, Michael was already sitting across from Aaron. He took a sip and suddenly asked, "Now that you're back, aren't you planning to see Renee?"

Aaron paused with his coffee cup in hand, then smiled bitterly and shook his head. "I'd better not. My presence would only add to her troubles. She doesn't want to see me, so why should I bother her?"

With the Auroria project completed, he finally felt the pressure lift from his shoulders. From the moment he boarded the plane to leave the country, he didn't dare think about the possibility of a future with Renee. He buried himself in work, not allowing himself a moment's rest.

As soon as he had a moment to think, his mind would involuntarily replay Renee's words of rejection and the disappointment in her eyes.

He had thought that if he explained himself and promised never to hurt her again, she would forgive him. After all, he had turned off his phone for work, and he thought she would understand. But he had forgotten the fear and trauma Renee had experienced during the assassination attempt. From start to finish, he had only considered things from his own perspective. He had never truly put himself in her shoes.

And that time, insisting on seeing her had even led to Isabella's kidnapping and brought disaster to the Wilson Family. Even though he was back now, he didn't have the face to appear before Renee and Isabella.

"Aaron," Michael said, pursing his lips. "Honestly, can you really let her go?"

Aaron sighed. "Mr. Brown, if I could let her go, I wouldn't have gone abroad. But now, I no longer have the right to stay by her side."

He hadn't understood, thinking Renee was just threatened. But this time, having directly dealt with the Adri Family, he knew the extent of their power and ruthlessness. Their so-called "clean-up" meant killing to silence. He didn't even want to imagine what would have happened if Renee hadn't encountered Isabella's help that day. And where was he at that time? He hadn't even turned on his phone, completely absorbed in his work. Did he still have the right to ask for her forgiveness? Aaron couldn't even bring himself to say these words.

Michael looked at Aaron's dejected expression and couldn't help but think of himself. Isabella's attitude towards him was no different. He could hardly even see her now. In that moment, the large office was filled with silence, as two men troubled by love sat together, both lost in their own thoughts.

After a while, Michael put down his coffee cup and spoke to Aaron with heartfelt sincerity. "If you don't want to disturb her anymore, then letting go might be for the best."

Let go? Let go of who, and how? Aaron was suddenly pulled back to reality by Michael's words, and the first image that came to his mind was Renee's face, sometimes cold, sometimes lively. To be honest, he couldn't let her go. But he didn't want to talk about himself anymore. He was more curious about Michael and Isabella.

His eyes flickered. "Mr. Brown, have you let go of Mrs. Brown?"

After all, with the changes in the Wilson Family, Isabella and Michael's relationship must have worsened. But he could see clearly that ever since Isabella got pregnant, Michael had lost his heart to her. And Isabella had feelings for Michael too. But their misunderstandings ran deep, and resolving them would require time and mutual trust. He just didn't know if Michael was willing to keep trying.

Michael didn't know how to answer Aaron for a moment. Aaron and he were different. Aaron and Renee had just missed the right timing, and with some effort, they still had a chance. But Michael and Isabella had too many unresolved issues. Any one of those issues was a complex problem. He had never thought of letting go, but whether this marriage could be saved was no longer up to him alone.

Thinking of this, a trace of sadness crossed Michael's eyes. "My situation is different. Whether I can let go is no longer something I can decide on my own."

###chapter 389 He is Nolan

Michael quickly pulled himself together.

"I'm not giving up. As long as there's a chance, I'm gonna keep trying."

The guilt he felt about Isabella had been keeping him up at night. If he truly lost her, he couldn't imagine how he'd handle it.

With that thought, Michael turned to Aaron and said, "That goes for you too."

Men didn't need many words to understand each other; a single glance was enough.

"Thanks, Mr. Brown. Let's hope we both get a good outcome."

Aaron still had debts to settle with Renee. He couldn't leave until he made things right.

Michael glanced at his watch and suddenly stood up. "I gotta head out. You don't need to come with me. Take a couple of days off to rest."

Aaron quickly stood up, respectfully saying, "Mr. Brown, I can start working now. The files from Auroria need my attention, and I want to get them organized ASAP."

Seeing Aaron's determination, Michael understood that Aaron just wanted to keep himself busy to avoid thinking about Renee.

Michael nodded in agreement. "Alright, stay here and get the Auroria files sorted. I'll review them when I get back. But don't overwork yourself. Head home this afternoon."

"Yes, Mr. Brown."

Michael grabbed his coat from the chair, and as he did, a small, shiny object fell to the carpet.

Aaron looked down and saw a small silver bear charm, the kind you'd attach to a phone.

Michael never showed interest in such trinkets. When did he start carrying something so childish?

Michael had already put on his coat and hadn't noticed the fallen charm. Aaron picked it up and handed it to him. "Mr. Brown, is this yours?"

Michael turned at the sound of Aaron's voice and saw the bear charm in his hand. He paused, realizing it had fallen from his pocket.

He nodded and carefully placed the charm back into his coat pocket, patting it gently.

"Thanks. It would've been a disaster if I'd lost it outside."

Aaron was taken aback, then asked, "Did Mrs. Brown give this to you?"

In his mind, anything Michael valued this much had to be related to Isabella.

But Michael shook his head.

"No, but I wish it was her."

If Isabella had been the one to save him back then, he wouldn't have had to search so desperately.

Aaron's question reminded him of something. "By the way, now that you're back, I have an important task for you. Help me investigate something. It's crucial for me."

No matter what, he had to find the person who saved his life all those years ago.

Time might have passed, but he was determined to uncover the truth.

Michael explained the task to Aaron in detail, giving him access to any resources within the Brown Family to get answers as quickly as possible.

"I just want the truth. Got it?"

"Understood."

With that, Michael grabbed his coat and left.

It was the end of the year, and most of the company's affairs were settled. The Auroria project had also wrapped up early.

Michael didn't have any urgent business to attend to.

The real reason he was in such a hurry to leave was to meet someone.

As he stepped into the café, Michael immediately spotted the person sitting by the window.

The man bore a striking resemblance to him. If not for their vastly different personalities, many might mistake them for each other.

Isabella probably married Michael because of this resemblance, didn't she?

It was ironic. All these years, she had only seen him as a stand-in for Nolan, not for who he truly was.

Michael approached the table and sat down. Unlike Michael, Nolan was in his wheelchair, making their heights slightly different.

Despite this, Nolan remained calm and composed, seemingly unbothered by the disparity.

His deep, penetrating eyes seemed to see through everything.

Meeting Michael's gaze, Nolan's expression was indifferent. "Why'd you call me out here?"

Nolan, who usually avoided any interaction with him, had actually reached out to request a meeting.

Michael had been puzzled until he learned that Nolan had abruptly resigned from Evergreen City University three days ago.

It was Nolan's first job after returning to the country, one he had eagerly taken up. Yet, after just a few months, he had quit.

For someone as steady as Nolan, this was highly unusual.

"Michael, I'm no longer teaching at Evergreen City University."

Nolan didn't beat around the bush. He placed a document in front of Michael.

It was a termination of his employment contract.

Michael narrowed his eyes. He already knew about this, but he was curious why Nolan felt the need to inform him.

When had their relationship become so close?

Nolan seemed to view Michael as a rival, and Michael felt the same way about Nolan.

"So, what are you trying to tell me?"

Michael asked calmly, raising an eyebrow.

Nolan had quit his job and immediately sought out Michael. Did he expect Michael to find him a new job?

Ridiculous.

This was Nolan!

He was the man who had once single-handedly taken control of the Brown Group, even managing to build a successful career abroad after leaving.

Someone as cunning and strategic as Nolan wouldn't be short of job opportunities.

But to Michael's surprise, Nolan seemed to read his thoughts.

"I want a job that matches my status."

Nolan's tone was serious, his eyes locked onto Michael's, showing no hint of jest.

Michael's expression tightened, and he sat up straighter, a cold smile forming. "A job that matches your status? Are you eyeing my position, planning to take over?"

Michael laid it out plainly.

Nolan had called him out to discuss this, revealing his ambitions, huh?

Since that was the case, there was no need to pretend otherwise.

Back then, Michael might not have been as knowledgeable about running the company as Nolan, but three years had passed. He was no longer the same Michael.

The Brown Group was firmly under his control now.

Nolan couldn't just waltz in and take it away.

###chapter 390 Painful Memories

Before Nolan could get a word in, Michael jumped at the chance.

"Look, the Brown Group might be under my management, but I don't make all the calls on personnel changes. If you're thinking about this, you should really talk to Grandpa first."

"If he gives you the green light to take over the company, I won't stand in your way."

Michael spread his hands, acting like he was giving Nolan all the power to decide.

But in reality, the real authority was still with Michael.

Sure enough, Nolan's face darkened at this.

"Michael, what are you trying to pull? Don't think I don't know what's going on. Ever since you took over the Brown Group, Grandpa hasn't been involved in the company's affairs. How could he possibly agree to this if I talk to him?"

"You're just bringing up Grandpa because you're scared I'll take what you have, aren't you?"

Memories of the past rushed back to Nolan. Every time he thought about that day, it felt like a dagger to his pride.

Back when the Brown Group was in crisis and Aiden fell seriously ill, the whole company was in chaos.

At that time, Nolan was the most suitable candidate.

So, even though he never planned on taking over the Brown Group, Nolan was thrust into the role of CEO as a last resort.

Within a year, he had the Brown Group back on track, and by then, Aiden had mostly recovered.

Nolan thought he could step down, but Grandpa's health took a turn for the worse after surgery, making it impossible for him to handle the high-stress work and social engagements.

So, the entire burden of the Brown Group fell on Nolan's shoulders for three whole years.

To live up to Grandpa's trust, Nolan worked tirelessly every day, and his efforts paid off.

Under his leadership, the Brown Group thrived, and his status within the Brown Family grew increasingly important.

Even Grandpa often praised his business acumen.

Being recognized and encouraged made Nolan believe this was his life's purpose.

He was even willing to dedicate his entire life to it.

He worked harder, for the Brown Group and for himself, pushing himself to become stronger.

At that time, his reputation in Evergreen City was unmatched, and he was in the spotlight.

He thought it would always be this way.

After all, his older cousin had no interest in business and had moved abroad with his family, leaving only Michael and him in the family.

Michael, at that time, was in his rebellious phase and showed no interest in managing the company. In fact, he often expressed his disdain for it.

And Grandpa doted on Michael, the youngest grandson, indulging his every whim.

Since Michael disliked it, Nolan naturally wouldn't force him.

So, the Brown Group would eventually fall into Nolan's hands.

He even felt a bit guilty towards Michael, thinking that once the Brown Group grew stronger, he could just support Michael financially, as long as he stayed out of trouble.

It wasn't because Nolan particularly liked Michael as a brother, but because only during those three years of managing the Brown Group did he find his true purpose.

That feeling was something only he understood.

Until that day came, and his world collapsed.

On Michael's twentieth birthday, the Brown Family threw a grand party, attended by nearly all the elite of Evergreen City.

It was then that Aiden, holding Michael's hand, made the big announcement.

He was handing over the entire Brown Group to Michael.

Nolan, the current manager, felt like a complete joke at that moment.

People around him clapped and congratulated, but Nolan's mind went blank. He couldn't hear a single word after that.

After the party, Aiden called them both into the study.

He placed a prepared appointment document in front of them.

Nolan wasn't the only one stunned; Michael, suddenly thrust into this position, was equally shocked.

What was supposed to be an ordinary birthday party had turned into this?

Nolan didn't care about anyone else's reactions. He just wanted to understand what was happening.

But Aiden spoke first.

"Nolan, I know you've worked hard managing the company these past few years. Now that your brother Michael is old enough to take on the responsibility, you can relax and not be so tightly wound, stuck in the company all day."

Nolan was speechless.

Was Grandpa pushing him out?

But how could he just leave? He forced himself to stay calm, but inside, he was on the verge of breaking down.

"Grandpa, is it because I'm not doing well enough that you want to push me out of the company? Tell me, and I'll change, okay?"

In three years, he had poured all his efforts into the Brown Group.

Now that the company was thriving, Grandpa wanted to hand it all over to Michael, who knew nothing about it.

What did Nolan's years of dedication count for?

Nolan panicked.

He grabbed Aiden's hand, pleading, "Grandpa, I don't want to leave the company. I don't know what else I could do if I leave. Please, let me stay."

Before, he might have longed to leave the Brown Family and go somewhere far away.

But after taking over the Brown Group at such a young age, he had devoted himself entirely to its management. Over the years, he had come to see the company as his future.

He didn't know what he would do if he left.

But this time, Aiden pushed him away, speaking seriously and firmly.

"Nolan, just because I haven't said anything doesn't mean I don't care. Your position means you can never take over the Brown Group. I didn't explain this before out of consideration for your feelings, but today I'll make it clear."

"Everything in the Brown Family has been destined for Michael since he was born. No one can take that away."

"You were just a temporary stand-in while he was too young. I've already let you hold this position for three years out of gratitude for your contributions to the Brown Group. Do you still want to keep it?"

Aiden's words extinguished the last hope in Nolan's eyes.

From the beginning, in Aiden's eyes, there was only Michael.

Nolan was just a temporary substitute.

His efforts, his hard work, were never truly valued. To them, the fact that he could even be involved in the company's affairs was a great fortune.

He was only allowed in because Michael wasn't grown up yet.

How ironic.

Nolan couldn't even dream of having those that Michael didn't want?

This was the reality of a wealthy family.

Nolan felt a sharp pain in his chest.

He wanted to say more, but Grandpa's stern gaze silenced him.

How could a child ignored by everyone ever hope to be favored?

Asking further would only bring more humiliation.

###chapter 391 She Has Someone Else Beside Her

Ever since he was a kid, no matter how well Nolan did, all he ever got from his grandpa was a slight nod and a faint smile.

But Michael? He could get everyone's praise without even trying.

Even if he just poured Aiden a cup of coffee, he'd get praised for ages.

Over time, even the household staff could see where Nolan stood in the family and stopped asking for his opinion on anything.

He became the most overlooked person in the family.

Apart from normal interactions at school, he could hardly find anyone to talk to.

He had never experienced a shred of familial warmth.

Meanwhile, as the youngest child of the Brown Family, Michael effortlessly got everything Nolan ever wanted.

Having grown up watching the Brown Family shower Michael with love and affection, how could Nolan not be envious?

Sometimes, he couldn't help but think: if Michael didn't exist in this family, would he be the one receiving all the love?

But later, he found his sense of worth in the company.

He also felt a sense of recognition from the family.

But those were just illusions in his mind.

The company was handed to him to manage simply because Michael was still too young.

Once Michael grew up, Nolan became the one to be pushed aside.

Realizing this, Nolan felt like a joke from beginning to end.

He couldn't stay in Evergreen City any longer.

So, he chose to leave and go abroad.

Now, three years later, his absence hadn't affected the Brown Family at all, just as they had never cared about him in the first place.

Seeing Nolan lost in thought, Michael didn't say much more.

After all, no matter what he said, Nolan wouldn't believe him.

"If you want to come back to the company, you'll have to go through Grandpa. I can't make that call."

Michael added in a calm tone, "Like I said before, as long as Grandpa agrees, I have no problem with you joining the company."

Even though he now held all the power in the Brown Group, anything concerning Nolan had to go through their grandfather.

That was the Brown Family's rule.

There could only be one person in charge, and if anyone else wanted to compete, it would depend on their own abilities.

Unless Nolan was willing to lower himself and become just an employee, working without any shares.

But would this proud Nolan ever agree to that?

Michael's gaze returned to Nolan, narrowing his eyes as he looked at him.

Suddenly, a familiar thought crossed his mind.

Hadn't he seen this figure somewhere before?

Right, Celestial Dining?

But Michael quickly dismissed the idea. The person he saw at the restaurant, though similar in build to Nolan, moved with agility. It couldn't possibly be Nolan, who was now in a wheelchair.

Hearing Michael's words, Nolan didn't care at all.

"I called you here just to inform you of this. Whether you agree or not, I will return to the company."

Nolan understood Michael's meaning very well.

Everyone in Evergreen City's upper circles knew how much Aiden doted on Michael, his youngest grandson.

Back then, the person who most opposed Nolan joining the company was Aiden. If he brought up returning to the company, he would likely be kicked out again before he even started.

Nolan had already prepared thoroughly before today.

He wasn't seeking anyone's approval; he was making an announcement.

Whether it was Aiden or Michael, no one could stop him from reclaiming what was his.

He was determined to take over the Brown Group.

Facing Nolan's challenge, Michael raised an eyebrow. "Since you're so sure you can get into the company, I have nothing more to say."

Michael didn't take it too seriously. After all, Nolan had been away from Evergreen City for three years, and much had changed.

The company was no longer what it was three years ago.

But before leaving, there was something Michael needed to clarify with Nolan.

"By the way, I forgot to mention, Isabella and I are getting divorced."

Isabella had directly contacted the court for the divorce agreement, and she hadn't asked for a penny in the property division. Now, they were just waiting for the court to send the lawyer's letter with the hearing date.

Thomas was handling the entire matter, and as a top lawyer, he was likely working on the case with urgency.

Given Thomas's hostility towards him, he wouldn't allow any further entanglement between Michael and Isabella.

"Congratulations. Isabella can finally be free."

Nolan no longer cared about his familial ties with Michael. He just wanted Isabella to leave Michael as soon as possible.

Only then would he have a chance to be with her.

After waiting so long, he was thrilled to finally see a result.

But he knew he couldn't provoke Michael at this moment. "Michael, I've told you before, Isabella doesn't like you. Being together was a mistake. Now that you're separating, it's good for both of you."

"With your qualities, you won't have trouble finding someone new."

As for Isabella, Nolan would be the one to protect her in the future.

After their divorce, he believed Isabella wouldn't have any feelings for Michael anymore.

And this was the perfect time for Nolan to pursue Isabella.

Nolan had already planned everything in his mind. Since Michael knew Isabella liked him, he didn't need to hide his feelings for her anymore.

In the end, he was certain he would be the one with Isabella.

Hearing this, Michael felt nothing but irony.

He was getting divorced, while his own brother couldn't offer a word of comfort, instead eagerly wanting to be with his wife?

But Nolan seemed to overestimate his own charm.

"Nolan, do you really think that after we divorce, she will choose you without hesitation?"

"What do you mean?"

Nolan frowned.

Could it be that someone else had appeared in Isabella's life while he was busy with his plans?

Michael's lips curled into a cold smile.

Yes, this was the reaction he wanted from Nolan.

Why should he suffer the pain of losing Isabella while Nolan flaunted her love for him?

He hadn't forgotten seeing Isabella and Emilio holding hands at Celestial Dining.

"I'll tell you, Isabella already has someone else, and you have no chance."

His words successfully made Nolan feel a sense of crisis.

"Who is it?"

Nolan didn't believe it. For so many years, Isabella had only had Michael in her heart. Even if she wanted a divorce, she couldn't have fallen for someone else so quickly.

"Michael, are you making this up to scare me?"

###chapter 392 She Doesn't Want Him Anymore

The more Nolan thought about it, the more impossible it seemed.

It felt like Michael was just making up lies to mess with him.

He trusted Isabella; she wouldn't just be with someone so casually.

Michael, tired of arguing, smirked. "I don't have time to waste on lies. What would I gain from deceiving you about this?"

"Since you want to know, I'll tell you the truth. That guy is Emilio, Isabella's childhood friend and currently the vice president of the Wilson Group. He handles everything for Isabella."

"Plus, he's got the unanimous approval of Isabella's five uncles. They've been wanting to set him up with Isabella for a long time."

Michael said this last part deliberately.

Although he wasn't sure how Emilio was perceived by Isabella's uncles, the fact that they were willing to let Isabella go on a date with him was proof enough of their intentions.

So, Nolan couldn't be the only one feeling jealous.

Nolan wanted to compete with him for Isabella, right? How could he miss out on such news? If they were both losers in love, at least he wouldn't be the only one suffering.

He saw Nolan freeze upon hearing the news.

Michael couldn't help but ask, "Nolan, don't tell me you haven't even heard of your 'rival'?"

Nolan's face showed a hint of discomfort. He picked up his coffee cup to hide it.

"I know him."

When Isabella found out she was pregnant, she stopped managing the company and hired a professional to take over.

That person was Emilio.

Isabella had only mentioned that Emilio was a trustworthy friend.

But he hadn't expected Emilio to have feelings for Isabella too?

It was his fault for being so focused on his plans to break into the Brown Group that he neglected Isabella.

Michael's mocking voice interrupted his thoughts again.

"Nolan, I've looked into Emilio's background. I have to say he's a formidable opponent. Have you figured out how to deal with him?"

A man who could earn Isabella's trust and take over the entire Wilson Group must have extraordinary abilities.

From what he observed, the Wilson Group's recent success in Evergreen City was all thanks to Emilio's strategies.

Emilio was sharp and meticulous, with family support behind him, making him the perfect candidate for a family alliance.

No wonder Isabella's uncles were so united on this matter. They had already chosen a match for her.

As soon as Michael let go, Isabella would become his girlfriend.

Their plan was well thought out.

"This is my personal matter. How I handle it is none of your business."

With that, Nolan put down his coffee cup and wheeled himself away.

Leaving Michael alone on the couch, feeling desolate.

What he didn't say was, if Isabella truly developed feelings for Emilio, what would he do then?

If she didn't want him anymore, where could he go?

Isabella, sitting in her room, sneezed and rubbed her nose, looking helplessly at the gloomy weather outside. Was she catching a cold?

Why was she sneezing so much?

Meanwhile, the A4 papers on her desk were filled with messy sheet music, none of which satisfied her.

The more anxious she got, the harder it was to find inspiration. She put down her pen in frustration.

She had revised it three times already.

But the melody was still not good enough

She bit her lip, wanting to make changes, but the more she altered it, the more it lost its original soul.

In a fit of frustration, she crumpled the papers into a ball and tossed them into the trash can.

Maybe she was just too agitated these past few days. Every time she tried to calm down, all she could think about was Michael and Bianca together that night.

She sighed deeply.

She wanted to forget Michael more than anyone.

The repeated hurt he caused her over the years had built up her disappointment. This marriage had no reason to continue.

But why, even at this point, couldn't she stop thinking about him?

Why did he still affect her emotions?

She knew the outcome, so why couldn't she let herself move on?

He never loved her.

A deep sense of helplessness welled up inside her. Isabella held her throbbing head, staring blankly at the pile of empty papers in front of her.

Olivia had given her a tight deadline. In two months, her new song would be released.

She had to finish the remaining sheet music within a month.

Everything else was done; only the main track was left.

But for some reason, her state of mind had been terrible these past few days.

She couldn't focus at all.

Just then, a familiar voice came from downstairs. Olivia ran up to the second floor and knocked on Isabella's door.

"Isabella, I'm here to see you. Are you in there? Open the door for me, please?"

Isabella didn't say anything. She just got up and opened the door, letting Olivia in.

Seeing Isabella's lifeless appearance, the messy papers on the desk, and the piano by the window, Olivia didn't need to guess what had happened.

"Isabella, are you stuck with writer's block?"

She had already spoken to Isabella's manager on the way over.

The other songs, after Isabella's touch, were completed beautifully and had a unique style. Only the final main track was left.

Isabella, seeing that Olivia had figured it out, didn't hide it anymore. She nodded helplessly and sat in a chair, hugging her knees and staring at the half-written music on the desk.

She looked completely drained.

Olivia felt guilty. It was her fault for asking Isabella to take on this task. Isabella was dealing with a divorce from Michael. Her mood couldn't be good, so how could she find inspiration to write new music?

"Isabella, don't stay cooped up in here. Let's take a break."

Olivia, feeling sorry for her, pulled Isabella up and said seriously, "It's just a song. It's not like I can't live without it. There are plenty of people who can write it. Why not let someone else do it?"

"How about I take you out to clear your mind?"

Olivia had already planned this. She had worked like crazy to carve out a two-week vacation.

Now, she didn't want to do anything but take Isabella abroad for a good time.

With Daniel's death, Isabella losing her child, and now Michael refusing to divorce, Isabella was in a tough spot.

If she didn't get out and take a break, what if she fell ill from the stress?

"Sure, where to?"

Isabella also wanted to leave for a while. Out of sight, out of mind.

"Anywhere you want. Just the two of us. Whether it's shopping in Paris or watching the sea in the Maldives, I'll go with you wherever you want to go."

###chapter 393  Prank

Just as Olivia was about to book a flight on her phone, a stern voice suddenly rang out from outside the door.

"No way! Isabella, have you forgotten you just got better?"

Renee stood at the door, looking exasperated. She was clearly upset that Isabella wasn't taking care of her health.

Last time, she had helped Isabella sneak out without her uncles finding out, but Cinda had caught them.

Because of that, Renee had gotten quite the lecture from Cinda.

After finally getting a couple of days of peace, if Isabella tried to run off again, Cinda would definitely drag her by the ear for questioning.

"And besides, you promised me that you would stay home and take care of yourself. It's only been a few days, and you're already going back on your word?"

Renee's words left Isabella speechless.

She had indeed said that.

At the time, she just wanted to put Renee at ease, not expecting it to come back to bite her.

"Renee, Isabella has been out of the hospital for almost two weeks now. She should be fine, right?" Olivia chimed in, feeling a bit guilty since Renee was only concerned about Isabella's health.

Olivia had always been single and had never even had a boyfriend, so she was clueless about how to take care of someone after a miscarriage.

But she genuinely wanted to take Isabella out for some fresh air. Keeping her cooped up at home in her current state was definitely not good.

Renee, already fuming, nearly lost her temper at Olivia's casual remark about taking Isabella out.

"Should be fine?"

"Do you even realize how weak she is right now? A miscarriage is incredibly harmful to a woman. If she ends up with any lasting health issues, it could affect her for the rest of her life."

Hearing Renee make the situation sound so serious, Olivia's temper flared up too.

"So, according to you, Isabella can't go anywhere and should just stay locked up in her room all day?"

"Renee, she's a living, breathing person, not an emotionless machine. Do you really think keeping her cooped up until she gets sick is what's best for her?"

Olivia was breathing heavily in anger.

She might not understand childbirth, but she wasn't stupid. Isabella looked fine, not that fragile.

Seeing them about to explode into a full-blown argument, Isabella knew she couldn't say anything.

She quietly slipped downstairs.

It wasn't that she wanted to hide. It was just that no matter who she sided with, it would be wrong.

Trying to mediate would only deepen their misunderstandings.

Ever since she lost her baby, both Olivia and Renee had taken some of the blame upon themselves, and no matter what she said, they couldn't let it go.

She figured it was best to let them vent their frustrations today, so there would be no more barriers between them.

And since they were arguing for her sake, once they got it out of their system, everything would be fine.

Isabella knew them well. Even if they had a fight, two kind-hearted people like them wouldn't hold a grudge.

It was just a little spat.

Isabella came to the living room.

Cinda saw Isabella come down and had her sit and wait for a moment. She then brought out a small pot of chicken soup from the kitchen.

She served a bowl to Isabella and placed it in front of her. "Careful, it's hot."

Isabella had been sitting in her room all afternoon and was feeling a bit hungry. The delicious aroma made her mouth water, and she couldn't help but blink at Cinda.

"Cinda, it smells amazing."

"Then have more. Mr. Atticus Wilson specifically had someone get fresh ingredients from the mountains. It's good for your health."

Upstairs, Olivia and Renee were still arguing, but in front of Cinda, Isabella always felt a sense of warmth.

She nodded. "Alright."

She patted the seat next to her. "Cinda, sit with me. There's no way I can finish all this by myself. Have some with me."

Cinda declined, smiling and waving her hand. "I'm good. I have other things to do."

Isabella pretended to be upset. "Cinda, if you don't have some, then I won't either."

She never treated Cinda like a housekeeper but more like a gentle elder.

She didn't want Cinda to always downplay her own status.

"Alright, I'll have just a bit."

Cinda, with no other choice, served herself a small bowl and sat next to Isabella.

The atmosphere between them was quiet and warm. Meanwhile, Olivia and Renee's voices upstairs gradually died down as they bickered their way downstairs.

"Smells so good, Isabella. What delicious food has your housekeeper made this time?"

Olivia caught the scent at the top of the stairs, otherwise, she would have continued arguing with Renee.

Seeing that they both seemed calmer, Isabella smiled and invited them over. "Cinda made chicken soup. Come have some."

"Wow, it looks so appetizing. I'm having two bowls."

Olivia's eyes lit up as she quickly sat down at the table.

"It's just chicken soup. Do you have to be so dramatic?"

Renee, who followed behind, couldn't help but tease.

Isabella was momentarily stunned.

In her impression, Renee had always been a reserved person. Seeing her act so awkward yet genuine was quite different.

"Say that again, I dare you!"

Seeing them about to argue again, Isabella quickly intervened. "Alright, no more fight. Do you still want to the chicken soup or not?"

"Yes!"

"Yes."

They were surprisingly in sync at this moment.

Isabella couldn't help but shake her head, and even Cinda smiled as she served them each a bowl of soup.

Olivia, sitting next to Isabella, was the first to reach for her bowl, but Isabella noticed her hesitate for a moment.

As soon as Renee sat down, she let out a sharp scream.

"Ah, there's a bug!"

"What's going on?"

Isabella quickly looked over and saw a black speck floating in Renee's soup. At first glance, it looked like a small bug, but it was winter, so that was unlikely.

Besides, the Wilson family's cleanliness was maintained by professional staff. If it really was a bug, the entire staff would be held accountable.

Isabella took a closer look and realized the speck wasn't moving. She scooped it out with a spoon and found it was a piece of black thread.

And the only one wearing black today was Olivia.

Isabella was speechless.

Olivia was already an adult. Could she be any more childish?

Renee's face turned red with anger as she pointed at Olivia. "Olivia, pulling such childish pranks. How immature can you be?"

Olivia blinked, completely unfazed. "So what, you dare hit me?"

Renee, with her reserved nature, couldn't bring herself to act out, but she was terrified of such things. Olivia, on the other hand, deliberately used them to scare her.

"Olivia!"

Renee, fuming, waved her hand and told Isabella she was heading back to her room.

Olivia was left stunned, looking confused as Renee stormed off.

"What's her problem? It was just a little prank. Was it really worth getting so mad over?"

###chapter 394  Why Is He Here Again?

Isabella sighed and said, "Renee didn't mean it. You don't know, she's really scared of bugs."

She had discovered this by accident.

Renee, who was usually indifferent to everything, would turn pale at the sight of a bug in the garden.

Hearing Isabella's words, Olivia paused and glanced upstairs nervously.

She muttered softly, "It's just a bug. Even kids aren't scared of them. How can she be so timid?"

Isabella didn't know how to explain this to Olivia.

Renee had never mentioned the reason, so Isabella didn't feel it was right to pry.

Just then, a bodyguard came in from outside and reported, "Ms. Taylor, the man who came to see Renee is here again. He's standing outside. Should we send him away?"

Isabella was taken aback but quickly understood.

Was it Aaron?

Last time, Aaron's insistence on seeing Renee had led to Isabella being kidnapped and Daniel having a severe episode.

The bodyguards were so angry at him that they wanted to punch him on sight.

They couldn't understand how Aaron had the nerve to come back.

Isabella also found it strange. Didn't Renee make things clear with him last time?

"Why is he here again?"

Just thinking about Aaron's persistence last time gave Isabella a headache.

The bodyguard continued, "This time, he specifically asked to see you. Should we teach him a lesson and throw him out?"

Who knew what trouble Aaron might bring this time?

The bodyguard was about to leave when Isabella stopped him.

"Wait a minute."

She remembered that Aaron had helped her a lot before. It wouldn't be right to just throw him out.

"I'll go check it out."

Olivia immediately stood up. "I'll go with you."

Aaron was Michael's subordinate. Maybe he was here to act as Michael's messenger.

Isabella nodded, and they walked outside together, meeting Aaron at the door.

"Mrs. Brown, I..."

Before Aaron could finish, Olivia cut him off. "Hold it!"

"Isabella and your boss are getting divorced. There's no need to call her 'Mrs. Brown' anymore."

Isabella had finally gotten rid of that awful man Michael. These people had no right to come back into her life.

Isabella didn't stop Olivia; she felt the same way.

"Aaron, what do you want?"

Isabella wasn't targeting Aaron personally, but he represented Michael, and she wanted nothing to do with Michael anymore.

Aaron hesitated.

He glanced inside but didn't see Renee.

He wasn't really here to see Isabella; he just wanted to see Renee and used this as an excuse.

"Ms. Taylor, is Renee here?"

Since he had come all this way, and if he didn't see Renee, he wouldn't feel at ease.

"You said you wanted to see me. Now you want to see Renee? Aaron, who do you really want to see?"

Isabella had already figured it out.

Did Aaron really think she would help him all the way?

"Mrs. Brown, I'll be honest. I just got back from a business trip abroad and wanted to clear things up with Renee. But she refuses to see me, so I had no choice."

"Aaron, if you know Renee doesn't want to see you, you should understand that I won't force her to do something she doesn't want to do."

Isabella's tone was calm, not hiding anything from him.

Aaron got anxious. "Mrs. Brown, I really want to see her, to check if she's okay, and to ask her something important."

"If you have something to ask, you can tell me. I can relay the message."

Isabella didn't want to push him too far.

But Aaron suddenly fell silent, his face turning red.

"I just want to know how she's doing and if she has..."

Aaron couldn't finish the last part. Isabella waited for a while but didn't hear the rest.

Olivia, impatient, asked, "If she has what? Spit it out! You're acting like a little girl."

"I want to know if Renee has someone she likes now."

Aaron closed his eyes and blurted it out.

Isabella and Olivia were both stunned.

They exchanged glances and burst into laughter.

Aaron's face turned even redder.

Isabella wanted to tell him that Renee hardly ever left the Wilson Family estate, so how could she have met someone new?

But she couldn't say that now.

"Aaron, now you care about Renee?"

Although she didn't know what Renee and Aaron had talked about that day, Isabella had a good idea of Renee's feelings after spending so much time with her.

If Renee could let go of Aaron, she wouldn't have chosen to see him that day.

But Aaron was infuriating. He wasn't there when Renee needed him the most, didn't even call, and now he suddenly wanted to take her away.

How could things be that easy?

Aaron knew he had no excuse, so he spoke honestly, "Isabella, I was on a business trip abroad and couldn't come back. That's why I haven't been around."

Isabella immediately thought of Michael's relentless exploitation of his employees.

Aaron had been a loyal subordinate for years, yet Michael showed no empathy for his struggles.

Isabella softened a bit, about to speak, but Olivia cut in with a cold snort.

"What, did the Brown Group send you to the North Pole or something? In this day and age, you couldn't make a phone call? The truth is, you care more about your job than your girlfriend. Otherwise, you wouldn't have disappeared when she needed you most."

"Now that your work is done, you want to make up for it? Too late!"

Olivia had heard about Renee and Aaron's situation. Aaron dared to treat Renee this way because he thought she had no one to back her up.

But Olivia wouldn't stand for it.

She wouldn't let her friend be mistreated.

After Olivia's words, Aaron looked ashamed, and Isabella was taken aback.

Who would have thought that Renee and Olivia had just been arguing?

And now they were on the same side?

Seeing Isabella's surprised look, Olivia felt a bit embarrassed.

But her friend's problems were her problems, and she wouldn't stand by and do nothing.

She put her hands on her hips and questioned Aaron, "Well? You were so confident a moment ago. Why are you silent now?"

Aaron realized his mistake.

He nodded. "You're right. It's my fault. I didn't take this relationship seriously. I let her down."

Seeing Aaron admit his mistake, Isabella couldn't help but admire Olivia's boldness.

It seemed that outsiders could see things more clearly.

But Isabella's position made it difficult to criticize Aaron. He was Michael's man, and she needed to keep her distance from Michael.

###chapter 395  No More Try?

But Olivia's commanding presence still made her stand out.

She had thought Olivia would always keep that gentle demeanor after meeting Atticus.

Turned out, she was overthinking it.

Olivia was just Olivia, one of a kind.

Her temper could flare up in an instant, and she couldn't stand even a bit of grievance, but her heart was pure and kind.

Only when she met someone she truly liked would her prickly exterior soften, just hoping to get a little closer to them.

"Mrs. Brown, I really know I messed up this time. I don't expect Renee to forgive me, I just want to do something to make it up to her. Please, Mrs. Brown, give me a chance to see her."

Aaron humbled himself, just begging for a chance to see Renee.

He had been on a plane for nearly ten hours, then spent half the day busy with work at the company. He should have gone straight home to rest his exhausted body.

But somehow, he ended up driving here.

Isabella felt a bit troubled.

Over the past few years, Aaron had always been in the limelight, following Michael. She had never seen him so humble, begging for something.

After all, Aaron had always been on her side, helping her a lot behind the scenes.

She really didn't know how to refuse him.

Just as Isabella turned to look towards the hall, ready to ask a servant to get Renee's opinion, she saw Cinda standing at the door, shaking her head helplessly.

Renee didn't want to see him?

That made sense, Aaron had been standing at the door for a while, and Renee was upstairs, she must have seen him.

But how was she supposed to tell Aaron?

Should she just say Renee didn't want to see him?

What if this created a rift between them, and they really broke up?

Isabella could only give Olivia a look. They had been friends for over ten years, and one gesture was enough to convey the message.

Olivia immediately understood, cleared her throat, and gave Aaron a look.

"You're really dense, aren't you? Renee doesn't want to see you right now, and you insist on showing up. Isn't that just pushing her?"

"If I were you, I'd think about the issues between you two. When you figure out Renee's place in your heart, then talk about meeting her. If you just see her as a temporary thrill, I suggest you stay away from her."

"Besides, Renee is safer with the Wilson Family than with you. You say you love her, but what can you do for her? Financial support or personal protection? Think it all through before you come to see her. Then no one will stop you."

Seeing Aaron fall silent, Olivia knew he had taken her words to heart.

It was quite cold outside, and Isabella couldn't stand the chill. Olivia pulled her back inside.

In the living room, Isabella watched the surveillance on her tablet.

Aaron didn't leave immediately. Instead, he stood outside for a while before leaving silently.

Turning off the tablet, Isabella looked at Olivia, holding back a smile.

"Olivia, weren't you just arguing fiercely with Renee? How come you're helping her now?"

"I wasn't helping her. I just can't stand seeing bad guys wrong girls. And..."

Olivia bit her lip, unable to hold back, "I saw Renee standing behind the curtain downstairs. I think she still has feelings for Aaron, but she just can't say it."

"So, you wanted to help her?" Isabella finished her sentence.

"Yeah."

Olivia nodded, "We're friends after all. We can bicker, but when it comes to serious matters of the heart, I want to help her."

"I've said what needed to be said. Now it's up to Aaron to act."

If he truly cared for Renee, he wouldn't be able to stay away.

Olivia suddenly clicked her tongue, "I just hope Aaron isn't a bad guy like Michael, considering they spend so much time together."

Isabella opened her mouth, but Olivia didn't need to say that last part.

She really didn't want to hear Michael's name right now.

Seeing Olivia so invested in Renee's relationships, Isabella quietly asked, "Olivia, Atticus is actually quite easy to win over. Why don't you try a bit harder with him? What if it works out?"

"No, no, no."

Olivia waved her hands at the word "try."

She had tried before, but Atticus was different. If he didn't accept her from the heart, even standing naked in front of him wouldn't work.

Besides, she had tried all that.

Atticus just saw her as a kid. What could she do?

Isabella felt it was a pity, "Are you really not going to try?"

Olivia shook her head with a bitter smile, "Better not. If I really anger him, he might never speak to me again. Isabella, we might really not be meant to be."

Atticus's personality was a bit dull, and Olivia's concerns weren't unfounded.

But Isabella felt they shouldn't just give up.

As a friend, she should do something to help them, and also make Atticus realize his true feelings.

Before Olivia gave up completely, that would be when he truly regretted it.

After all, she could see that Atticus looked at Olivia differently.

Since they liked each other, why torment each other?

"By the way, Isabella, I want to apologize to Renee for what happened today."

Olivia was referring to her prank to Renee. It wasn't a big deal, but she didn't want any real rift between them.

So, solving the problem was the best way.

"Go talk to her."

Isabella knew Olivia's straightforward nature and nodded, letting her go upstairs.

Since Renee's leg healed, she had moved to the second floor to take care of Isabella.

At this moment, Renee was standing by the window, looking at the now empty front door, a hint of sadness in her eyes.

She was the one who let go first, right?

But why did it hurt so much to see him leave, and why couldn't she stop the tears?

A knock on the door interrupted her thoughts.

"Renee, it's me, Olivia."

Hearing the knocks, Renee quickly wiped her tears.

She didn't want anyone to see her sad over a relationship.

But as she walked to the door, she hesitated. They had just argued, and if Olivia saw her like this, she'd tease her.

Renee took a deep breath and asked calmly, "What's up?"

"Yeah, Renee, open the door. Let's talk. If you don't, I'll think you're still mad at me. Renee, you wouldn't be that petty, right?"

###chapter 396  Who Hit Me?

When Olivia saw that Renee wasn't opening the door, she decided to try some reverse psychology.

"Renee, if you don't open up, I'm gonna start singing really loud!" Olivia called out in a playful, sing-song voice.

Inside the room, Renee shook her head with a small smile. She wasn't a child; she wouldn't get upset over something so trivial. Both of them were just worried about Isabella's health. The bug incident was just a manifestation of her own fears, not Olivia's fault.

"Renee," Olivia started again, but before she could finish, the door opened.

"Come in," Renee said, her voice cool and detached as always. She stepped aside to let Olivia in.

Although Renee tried to hide it, Olivia immediately noticed the tear stains at the corners of her eyes. Olivia was glad she had given Aaron a way out; otherwise, Renee would have been heartbroken. It was clear that both Aaron and Renee had feelings for each other; they just needed someone to make the first move.

Despite her thoughts, Olivia didn't forget why she was there. She pursed her lips and sincerely apologized, "Renee, I'm really sorry about the bug thing. I didn't know you were so scared of them."

Renee hadn't taken the matter to heart in the first place. "It's okay. I was just emotional and couldn't control myself."

But she needed to make one thing clear. "Just don't let it happen again."

Olivia's eyes lit up. "I promise, it won't. So, does that mean you forgive me?"

Renee forced a smile. "Come on, is it a big deal?"

"That's a relief. I was worried you wouldn't forgive me," Olivia said, patting her chest in relief. "Alright then, let's put this behind us and stay good friends."

"Okay," Renee agreed.

Olivia's eyes gleamed with a sudden thought. "By the way, I have some news about Aaron. Want to hear it?"

At the mention of Aaron, Renee's eyes flickered despite her efforts to suppress her curiosity. "What about him?"

Olivia could tell from Renee's reaction that she had feelings for him, even if she didn't realize it herself. "He cares about you. If you like him, give him a chance. You two should meet and talk things out."

With that, Olivia left. Renee stood there, mulling over Olivia's words. Could she and Aaron really end up together?

Night fell. While everyone was sound asleep, a dark figure appeared outside the high walls. The man carefully avoided the surveillance cameras, approached the back door, and threw a specially made grappling hook. Once it was secured, he jumped over the wall and into the yard.

Looking at the nearby hall, the man took a deep breath to steady his nerves. It was none other than Aaron, who had been unable to see Renee earlier that day. After returning home, he had thought long and hard about his future with Renee. He was certain that he wanted her. No one else would do. The person by his side in the future had to be her.

So, he decided to confess his feelings, even if she ended up rejecting him. Perhaps luck was on his side this time. He managed to enter the Wilson Family's yard without encountering any guards.

The hall was eerily quiet as Aaron tiptoed inside, heading towards Renee's room. Suddenly, he was struck hard on the back.

"Ah!" he yelped.

"Wait!" Before Aaron could turn around to explain, he was hit on the head again, this time even harder. Aaron stumbled, his vision blurred, and he collapsed.

The hall remained dark as Renee tightly gripped the stick in her hand, swallowing nervously as she looked at the tall figure on the ground. She had only come down for a drink of water, never expecting to encounter an intruder in the Wilson Family's home. Whether the intruder was after her or Isabella, she couldn't let them succeed. However, the sound the person made when they fell seemed oddly familiar.

"What's that noise?" Isabella and Olivia, hearing the commotion, hurried downstairs. The moment the lights came on, everyone froze. Not only were Isabella and Olivia stunned, but Renee, standing next to the unconscious man with the stick in her hand, was also wide-eyed.

The person she had just hit was Aaron? What was he doing here, sneaking in at this hour?

Seeing Aaron lying unconscious on the floor, Olivia couldn't help but laugh, "You two really are fated to meet, even like this?"

Renee was too shocked to catch the teasing tone in Olivia's voice. She had hit him with all her strength. What if she had seriously hurt Aaron?

Isabella gave Olivia a look and quickly went to comfort Renee, "Renee, are you okay?"

Renee, pale-faced, shook her head, her eyes fixed on Aaron, "Ms. Taylor, I'm fine, but Aaron..."

Isabella sighed. Aaron was too impatient. Olivia's words earlier were meant to encourage him to take things slowly, but he had apparently misunderstood and climbed over the wall in the middle of the night. Fortunately, the guards had recognized him and called her beforehand, or he might have been in real trouble.

Isabella checked Aaron's condition. Aside from some injuries, he was fine. "Don't worry, he's just unconscious. He'll be okay."

With that, Isabella called Olivia over, and the three of them moved Aaron to the couch. After all, he was a familiar face, and it wouldn't be right to leave him on the floor.

After a while, Aaron slowly regained consciousness. He instinctively touched his head and felt blood. "Ah! Who did this?"

"Aaron, how can you be so self-righteous? Do you even realize where you are? Sneaking into the Wilson's house in the middle of the night? You sure know how to have fun," Olivia said, her tone casual, making Renee's face heat up.

Others might not know, but she could guess. Aaron had come in the middle of the night to see her.

Aaron, holding his head, instinctively asked, "Was it you who hit me?"

He had his reasons for thinking so. Isabella, as the Wilson Family's lady, wouldn't do such a thing. Renee had feelings for him and wouldn't hurt him so badly. After thinking it over, Olivia was the only possibility.

Renee, standing behind Aaron, wanted to explain, but Olivia beat her to it. "Yes, it was me. So what?"

"You're just an assistant, sneaking into here at night. Should I commend your bravery or admire your luck for challenging the Wilson Family's security system?"

###chapter 397 Swear

Olivia let out a sarcastic laugh. 'Does he really think he's that hotshot? That the Wilson Family can just waltz in and out like they own the place?'

Aaron had already opened his eyes by now. Standing in front of him were Isabella and the sneering Olivia. But the person he most wanted to see wasn't there.

Aaron couldn't bring himself to look Isabella in the eye. What he had done was indeed shameful, and this was Isabella's home.

"Why so quiet now? Weren't you just full of energy a minute ago?" Olivia taunted him.

Aaron clenched his fists, trying to stand up, but the headache only worsened. He could only sit and apologize to Isabella. "I'm sorry, Mrs. Brown. This is all my fault. I really didn't mean any harm. I just wanted to talk to Renee in person. Please, just let me see her for a moment?"

"Wow, how touching. If you hadn't broken into here in the middle of the night, I might have believed you," Olivia shot back, her tone dripping with sarcasm.

Aaron was at his wit's end. No matter what he said, Olivia would counter with a blank expression. If he thought he could easily win over her friend without showing some genuine sincerity, he was sorely mistaken.

"I'm sincere!" Aaron was so desperate he was almost shouting. "I've thought about our future, and I know what Renee is worried about. I just want to tell her that no matter what happens, I'll always be by her side, giving her a sense of security."

"And, I've only ever had feelings for her. I won't marry anyone else in this lifetime."

Isabella remained silent, leaving the situation to Olivia. After all, saying these things was easy, but doing them was hard. No one could guarantee what the future held, so they had to be cautious for Renee's sake.

Olivia let out a cold laugh, completely unmoved. "Aaron, did you learn these lines from your boss? One after another, all just sweet talk!"

With one sentence, she managed to insult both Aaron and Michael. Isabella almost couldn't hold back her laughter.

Aaron's face turned red with frustration, but he was no match for Olivia's sharp tongue.

Olivia raised an eyebrow. "All this talk about only marrying her, is it all just lies? If Renee were here, would you dare to propose to her?"

"Why wouldn't I? I've already decided she's the one. My wife can only be her, no one else."

Isabella glanced at Renee behind him and interjected, "What if she refuses?"

Aaron's face fell, but the determination in his eyes remained. "She's rejected me before. I can wait, as long as it takes, until she finds someone she truly loves. Then I'll leave on my own."

"I only love her in this lifetime. I can't be with anyone else."

"But don't worry, I won't cling to her. If she tells me she doesn't want to see me again, I'll disappear and protect her from afar."

He spoke slowly and firmly, and even Isabella couldn't help but feel a pang of sympathy. If only Michael had been as steadfast in choosing Isabella, maybe they wouldn't have ended up like this. Unfortunately, in his choices, she was never the priority. And she wasn't the one he loved.

Isabella pressed her lips together and squeezed Olivia's hand, which Olivia took as a sign of agreement. Olivia then turned her gaze to Renee, giving her a wink.

Then Olivia asked Aaron one last question, "You say you're willing to marry Renee, but it's not just about words. You don't have much right now. How are you going to take care of her?"

"What if something like last time happens again, and you're not there for her because of work? What will she do then?"

Hearing this, Renee's body trembled slightly. This was a knot in her heart. More than the threats from the organization, she feared that when she truly needed him, he would abandon her for other reasons.

But Aaron responded firmly, "It won't happen again. Once was enough for me to regret it. I won't let her be in danger again."

"Before coming here, I already sorted out my properties, car, and savings. I'll give them all to her. Mr. Brown has treated me well over the years, and I have enough money to provide her with a stable home."

His honest and sincere words left Olivia with no room to argue. After all, he had laid everything out. Continuing to make things difficult for him would be unreasonable.

Isabella felt the same. Although the money wasn't much in her eyes, it showed that Aaron was genuinely thinking about Renee's future. Because he had given everything he had. And, of course, his heart. That was more precious than anything.

"I really love Renee, Mrs. Brown. Please, let me see her."

Aaron pleaded once more, but this time Isabella shook her head, "Pleading with me won't help. You should ask the person behind you if she's willing to see you."

Hearing this, Aaron's body stiffened. His headache was so severe he hadn't noticed anyone behind him. When he quickly turned around, Renee slowly emerged from behind the sofa, coming to stand in front of Aaron.

Isabella and Olivia exchanged a glance and smiled, "Alright, we'll give you some space. We're going to our rooms to rest."

Olivia teased, "Keep your voices down when you confess, don't wake us up."

With that, they walked upstairs, giggling.

Only one lamp was on in the living room, not too bright, which was why Aaron hadn't noticed her. But now, with Renee so close, Aaron found himself at a loss for words.

"Renee, I..."

"Wait a moment, I need to get something."

Renee turned and left. Aaron looked at his outstretched hand, left hanging awkwardly in the air. This was Isabella's home, so he didn't dare move around. He sat on the sofa, waiting for Renee to return.

Fortunately, she came back quickly. She was holding what looked like iodine and cotton swabs. Was she worried about him? Hope surged in Aaron's heart, his eyes lighting up.

"Renee, I'm fine. It doesn't hurt. Ah!"

Renee paused with the cotton swab, ordering Aaron, "Don't move."

"Okay."

Seeing his girlfriend so worried about him, Aaron didn't dare move a muscle, sitting quietly as Renee cleaned his wound. Renee carefully disinfected the wound. Thankfully, it wasn't too big, or she would have felt guilty for a long time.

"Does it hurt?" she asked softly.

"No, not at all."

Aaron responded quickly and directly. The person he cared about was right beside him, just within reach. He was too happy to care about a little pain. He was overjoyed to be with Renee, and nothing could make him give up this sweet moment with her.

###chapter 398 I Am Serious

After a quick patch-up, Renee sat to the side, her face serious as she looked at Aaron. She had the air of someone about to demand answers.

"Alright, spill it. What are you doing here in the middle of the night? Do you even know where you are?"

Renee still felt a chill run down her spine when she thought about it.

If she hit Aaron harder, he might be in the hospital right now.

And the Wilson Family's security was no joke. For Aaron to get in unscathed, Isabella must have known right away.

Only she had been kept in the dark and almost hurt him.

"I know, but I've waited too long already. I couldn't wait any longer, Renee. I needed to see you. I was going crazy."

Aaron didn't hide his feelings or thoughts.

"You're unbelievable."

Renee's face turned red, and she shyly avoided Aaron's intense gaze.

She muttered, "We already talked about this. Why are you here?"

They were from different worlds, and continuing to entangle themselves wouldn't lead anywhere.

That had always been Renee's firm belief.

But Aaron's words in front of Isabella and Olivia earlier had deeply moved her.

It turned out, someone in this world wanted to be good to her unconditionally.

It was a feeling she had never experienced before.

"Renee, I know you feel insecure right now. I can wait."

"But I need you to know, Renee, that in this lifetime, I only want you. No one else."

Aaron looked at her nervously, wanting to hold her but afraid she might push him away.

He tried his best to control his emotions.

"Are you serious?"

Renee couldn't resist Aaron's heartfelt confession.

She knew they couldn't guarantee what the future held, but at this moment, she didn't want to reject him anymore.

Even if it was just a fleeting moment of warmth, she wanted to have it.

"Of course, I'm serious. Renee, trust me this once, okay?"

Looking into Aaron's eyes, which shone brightly in the dim light, Renee lost herself for a moment and blurted out, "Okay."

"You agreed, right? That's great!"

The next second, Renee was pulled into a warm embrace, Aaron's arms wrapping tightly around her.

Listening to his strong heartbeat, Renee didn't push him away this time. Instead, she sighed and responded by wrapping her arms around him.

No matter what happened next, she accepted it.

Hearing Renee sigh, Aaron thought she was still worried about their identities and future. He held her tightly and promised.

"Now that you have no ties with the Adri Family, there's no opposition between us. No one can predict the future, but let's face it together, okay?"

"No matter what happens, I'll always stand in front of you. So, marry me, Renee."

Hearing this, Renee couldn't hold back her tears.

She thought Aaron wouldn't consider these things, but he had thought of everything.

"Who said I was going to marry you? Don't say such things."

"Marriage is too soon for me, and you're just as unreliable as your boss. I just want to work with Ms. Taylor and not think too far ahead."

"Alright, alright. Whenever you're ready to get married, we'll do it. No rush. But my wife can only be you."

Aaron agreed wholeheartedly.

In his eyes, Isabella and Michael were inseparable. Keeping Renee by Isabella's side would also give him peace of mind.

"Who wants to be your wife?"

Renee retorted playfully, but the blush on her face revealed her true feelings.

"You already agreed. No backing out now."

Aaron said, holding her even tighter.

Feeling his warmth, Renee bit her lip and looked up at his face.

She made a silent decision.

She wanted to give her best self to Aaron before they faced any real danger.

Maybe this would be their last and sweetest moment together.

She didn't want to have any regrets.

With that thought, Renee blushed and wrapped her arms around Aaron's neck, whispering in his ear, "Aaron, take me to my room."

They were both adults, and Aaron understood the meaning behind Renee's words.

His grip tightened, and his breathing became heavy. "Renee, do you know what you're saying?"

He liked Renee.

When the person he liked invited him, he couldn't be indifferent.

But he was afraid Renee might regret it. After all, they had only held hands before, never even kissed.

"I can wait."

"No."

Renee pressed her fingers to his lips, slowly sitting up and straddling his lap, gazing into his eyes.

"Aaron, I'm serious. Don't you want me?"

"Yes, of course, I do."

Aaron's eyes darkened, and he stood up abruptly, scooping Renee into his arms and carrying her to the guest room on the first floor.

As the door closed, Renee closed her eyes deeply in Aaron's arms.

If she couldn't spend her life with him, at least becoming his woman would give Aaron an answer.

At the corner of the second floor, Isabella and Olivia were hiding in the dark.

They watched as Aaron carried Renee into the room. Their eyes widened, and they quickly covered their mouths and rushed back to their room.

Closing the door, Olivia clapped her hands in shock. "Aaron really is Michael's right-hand man. He got her into the room right after making up?"

"But Aaron does have a certain charm. He carried Renee with one arm. No wonder she can't let him go."

Olivia couldn't help but laugh at the scene she had just witnessed.

Isabella was still in shock.

But seeing them reconcile made her happy for Renee.

However, their thinking was too advanced.

They had just made up and couldn't wait to be together?

As a fellow woman, she was happy for Renee to find true love. Not everyone could find their own happiness.

"By the way, Olivia, don't tell Renee what we saw today, okay? She's easily embarrassed and can't handle your teasing, got it?"

"I understand. I won't say a word about this. Don't worry."

Olivia raised an eyebrow and gave Isabella a mischievous look.

Isabella shook her head helplessly.

She didn't know what Olivia was thinking, but she was now focused on getting Atticus and Olivia together.

If she could match them up, it would be perfect.

###chapter 399 Unwilling to Accept

The next morning, Isabella called Atticus.

Atticus, sitting in his office, immediately felt a pang of worry. "Isabella, what's up? Everything okay?"

Isabella had initially wanted Atticus to come home, and hearing his concern, she decided to play along. "Actually, Uncle Atticus, something did happen."

"The new security system you installed? It totally failed. Someone broke into the house last night, and the infrared sensors didn't go off at all. If they were after Renee or me, you wouldn't be hearing my voice right now."

She made the situation sound more dire than it was.

"Are you alright? Did they catch the guy?"

After the last kidnapping scare, Atticus had upgraded their home security to military-grade. He trusted it completely. How could someone break in without setting off any alarms? It seemed impossible.

Worried, Atticus quickly stood up. "Stay put and don't go anywhere. I'm coming home right now."

After hanging up, Isabella blinked and waited for Atticus to arrive. The security and bodyguards around her were all arranged by Atticus. Olivia had been there since yesterday, so Atticus must have known. Yet, it seemed like he was deliberately avoiding her. Whenever Olivia was around, he wouldn't show up.

But if they didn't meet, how could they resolve their issues? So, she had to "trick" Atticus into coming back, making sure he and Olivia had a chance to talk things out. He couldn't keep avoiding her forever.

Meanwhile, in the guest room on the first floor, Renee had already changed her clothes. She peeked outside while whispering to Aaron, who was still getting dressed, "Hurry up, we don't want anyone to see us."

Last night's events were too outrageous, and she didn't want Isabella or Olivia to see them. They would definitely tease her.

Renee's urgency made Aaron feel like a thief. He was her boyfriend, not some secret lover. Why did they have to sneak around like this?

Or was he really that embarrassing?

"I'm not leaving!"

Aaron walked over, wrapped his arms around Renee's waist, and buried his head in her hair, inhaling her scent. Last night, Renee had been so passionate and enthusiastic, and he was still savoring the pleasure she had given him. He didn't want to let her go.

"Come on, let go of me," Renee said, getting more anxious as time passed. She was losing her patience with Aaron. "If you don't leave now, do you really want everyone to see what happened between us?"

She liked Aaron, but she couldn't guarantee their future together. She didn't want to cause him unnecessary trouble. Besides, Isabella and Olivia had left early last night. As long as Aaron didn't run into anyone, no one would know what happened.

At least, that's what she thought. Unfortunately, Isabella and Olivia had seen everything from the second floor.

"So what if they see? We're not hiding anything. What's there to be afraid of?" Aaron said casually. "We can just tell them. Mrs. Brown won't mind."

Aaron thought it was simple. He planned to marry Renee eventually, so it didn't matter if people knew now or later. Besides, he didn't like the idea of Renee hiding their relationship.

"You..."

Seeing that Renee was about to get angry, Aaron pulled her into his arms and rested his head on her shoulder, speaking softly. "Babe, don't be so heartless. We finally got together, and I don't want to be apart from you."

Renee had a soft spot for Aaron's gentle side. Seeing him act cute and clingy, her anger dissipated. She couldn't help but pat his head. "Alright, alright. It's getting late, and this isn't our place. You should go."

If they ran into Isabella and Olivia, she wouldn't know how to explain.

"Ahem!" Isabella, standing on the stairs, couldn't hold back and coughed to get their attention. The couple, who were hugging at the door, froze and looked towards the sound, seeing Isabella slowly coming down the stairs.

The three of them exchanged glances, and Isabella felt a bit awkward. She couldn't ignore them, especially since the servants and Cinda would start their work soon. If she didn't say something, the whole Wilson family would know Aaron had stayed over.

"Ms. Taylor," Renee said, blushing.

Aaron, however, didn't seem embarrassed. He confidently took Renee's hand and led her out. Isabella invited them to sit in the living room, as she had something to discuss with them.

Perhaps their relationship had deepened, as Aaron never let go of Renee's hand, even when she signaled him to. He ignored her hints, thinking, 'Why can't I hold my girlfriend's hand?'

Seeing this, Isabella decided to be direct. "Aaron, since you two are at this point, what's your plan?"

Aaron was Michael's man, but Renee lived with the Wilson family and was under Isabella's care. She couldn't just ignore this.

"Mrs. Brown, we love each other. I promise to take care of Renee for the rest of my life. As long as she agrees, we can get married anytime," Aaron said, holding Renee's hand tightly, his words more confident than the night before.

It was clear that their relationship had improved after last night. Although Isabella's expression remained neutral, she felt relieved. During Aaron's business trips, Renee often sat by the window, lost in thought. They clearly cared for each other, and now that they were together, it was a good thing.

She smiled at Renee, who was hiding behind Aaron, and raised an eyebrow. "Renee, what do you think? Do you want to give Aaron a chance?"

"Since I rescued you from the mall, I've always seen you as a sister. I'll definitely help with your marriage. Of course, I'm happy if you find your own happiness."

Just as Isabella and Aaron expected Renee to shyly nod in agreement, she surprised them by pulling her hand away from Aaron's grasp. Her expression was calm and cold as she said, "Sorry, I don't want to."

###chapter 400 Everything Is Fake

As soon as the words left her mouth, both Isabella and Aaron froze.

Aaron's face changed as he felt Renee's hand slip from his grasp.

He thought Renee was joking.

But the next second, Renee's words left his mind completely blank.

"Ms. Taylor, you misunderstood. Aaron and I are just friends. I don't like him, and I will never marry him!"

Aaron's heart felt like it was being squeezed and then released. He couldn't believe Renee would say such a thing.

She had feelings for him, didn't she?

How could things change so suddenly?

"Renee, you're lying to me, right?"

Aaron's face turned pale as he tightly held her hand, his anxiety reaching a fever pitch. "It's not like that, is it? My presence is making you feel pressured, right? You know I can wait. Please, don't say things like this to scare me."

Renee remained expressionless.

Aaron was truly panicking. "This can't be true. We were intimate last night. You admitted you were mine. You gave yourself to me. How could you not have feelings for me?"

"If you don't want to get married, I'll wait. I'll wait as long as it takes."

Renee just gave a mocking smile.

She looked at Aaron with eyes devoid of any emotion. "Aaron, we're adults. I don't want to be harsh, but last night was just a one-night stand. We should part ways now. If I, as a woman, don't care, why should you?"

With that, she pushed Aaron away and pulled her hand back.

Aaron's eyes turned red. "A one-night stand? Renee, is that really what you think?"

"Then what about all the times you said you loved me last night?"

Renee let out a cold laugh. "Aaron, you're almost thirty. You don't still believe everything said in bed, do you? Those were just words."

"To be honest, I was just in the mood last night and needed someone to satisfy my physical needs. You happened to be there. I have no feelings for you beyond that."

"From today on, don't come looking for me. Let's pretend we never met."

Renee decisively stood up and left. As she passed by Isabella, she paused and said apologetically, "I'm sorry for causing this mess, but I don't want to see him anymore. Could you please handle it, Ms. Taylor?"

Isabella had been stunned by the scene for a while.

Hearing Renee's request, she could only respond, "Okay."

Renee quickly left.

Isabella watched as Aaron's face visibly darkened.

She also wanted to know what had happened.

Just moments ago, Aaron and Renee were fine, hugging at the door. How did things change so quickly?

Could it be that Aaron's performance last night didn't satisfy Renee?

That didn't make sense. If there was a problem, they wouldn't have lasted until now.

Isabella quickly shook her head, trying to dispel the inappropriate thoughts.

Aaron was still here!

Since Renee had left the mess to her, she couldn't just ignore it.

Looking at the heartbroken Aaron in front of her, Isabella couldn't bear to say anything harsh. "Aaron, Renee might have her reasons. But since she said that, maybe you should leave."

"Mrs. Brown, am I just being used and discarded?"

Before Isabella could think of a response, Aaron's words left her stunned.

"What?"

Aaron looked at her with a forlorn expression, hoping for an answer.

Isabella hesitated. "Aaron, I didn't expect Renee to say those things either. But I believe she's not someone who plays with your feelings. Don't overthink it."

Renee was cold by nature, but she had good character.

But those words just now didn't seem like something she would say.

And even Isabella could see Renee's feelings for Aaron. How could she not like him?

"Aaron, is it possible that Renee isn't rejecting you but just doesn't want to rush into marriage? After all, it's a lifelong commitment."

Even now, Isabella was still trying to defend Renee.

She had to. Renee was her friend.

Who else would she protect?

Aaron sat on the couch, looking lost. "Did I push her too hard, making her feel pressured?"

"Or does she just want a casual relationship, not a lifelong commitment? Which of her words are true, and which are lies?"

At this point, Aaron didn't know what to think.

He even doubted if he deserved Renee.

Because from any angle, he was just an ordinary person.

It was normal for her to look down on him.

But what he couldn't understand was, last night, Renee was so gentle, shy, and compliant in bed.

Was it all fake?

"No, I need to ask her. She clearly said she liked me. How could she suddenly stop loving me?"

"Aaron!"

Isabella called out just in time. "Renee already said she doesn't want to see you. If you go to her now, there will be no chance for you two."

Her words successfully stopped Aaron in his tracks.

Isabella didn't want to be too harsh, so she sighed. "I don't know what happened between you two, but since she made this decision, she must have her reasons."

"If you still want to be with her, give her some time."

"Okay, I'll give her time."

Aaron nodded, looking defeated, keeping his head down to hide his pain. "Mrs. Brown, it's late. I'll head out now."

"Alright."

Isabella didn't stop him. She glanced at the bodyguards outside, signaling them to let Aaron leave.

Watching him walk away so dejectedly, Isabella sighed and looked upstairs, thinking about asking Renee what was going on.

Just then, a servant came in and said Atticus was back, and his car was outside.

Isabella paused, deciding to talk to Atticus first before finding Renee.

A moment later, Atticus appeared in the hall, relieved to see Isabella was okay.

"Isabella, where's the intruder? Did you catch him?"

Isabella instinctively looked outside and pointed cautiously. "He just left, Atticus. Didn't you see him?"

"Just left?"

Atticus was stunned. "What do you mean, he just walked out of the Wilson Family like that? What are these bodyguards doing?"

Seeing Atticus getting angry, Isabella quickly explained, "Atticus, don't blame them. Actually, the intruder last night was Aaron!"

###chapter 401  It's Time to End

Atticus knew who Aaron was-Michael's assistant.

When he heard that someone from the Brown Family had shown up in the middle of the night, his face darkened immediately. "Does Michael think his life's been too easy lately? If he doesn't straighten up, I'll skin him alive!"

Isabella pressed her lips together, not daring to respond.

After all, Aaron was Michael's guy, so Michael, as the boss, had to take the heat.

Atticus suddenly thought of something and frowned. "Isabella, is Michael trying to mess with you again?"

"No, Uncle Atticus, why would you think that all of a sudden?"

Isabella was confused. Weren't they talking about Aaron? How did it turn into a discussion about Michael and her?

Besides, she and Michael were already going through a divorce. Even if Michael had any ideas, it was too late.

Atticus glanced at Isabella, hesitating whether to tell her.

Isabella, not getting an answer and seeing Atticus's hesitant expression, asked again.

"Uncle Atticus, are you hiding something from me?"

In her eyes, Atticus never talked about irrelevant matters. Now that he suddenly mentioned Michael, could it be that something happened with the Brown Family?

"Is it about Aiden?"

Aiden was the only thing she could think of.

"No!"

Atticus quickly reassured her. "Don't worry, Aiden is fine."

"Then what is it?"

Isabella pressed for answers.

Seeing her persistence, Atticus decided to come clean.

"It's about the Brown Group. I just got word that there's going to be a major personnel change within the company."

Personnel change?

Isabella frowned, then heard Atticus get to the point.

"I heard that Nolan from the Brown Family wants to return to the family business. He's already resigned from his position at the school. His capabilities are well-known, and if he returns to the Brown Group, it will undoubtedly cause a storm. So, Michael's current situation isn't looking good. I thought he might try to get to you."

Atticus didn't say the rest, but Isabella understood his meaning.

With Nolan's abilities, even if he didn't get support from Aiden, he still had the trust of the company's board members.

If Nolan fully aimed to take Michael's position, he would be Michael's strongest opponent.

And as the eldest daughter of the Wilson Family and the heir to the Wilson Group, if Michael could bring her back, the resources he would gain would greatly overshadow Nolan.

Isabella smiled helplessly.

She knew Atticus was worried about her, but she didn't expect him to worry to this extent.

"Uncle Atticus, you're overthinking it. Michael and I have been over for a long time. You don't need to worry about him trying to trick me back into the Brown Family for his own gain."

"Because we're getting divorced soon."

"And besides, Aaron didn't come over to deliver a message from Michael. He had his own reasons."

Atticus felt somewhat relieved by Isabella's explanation, but then he frowned again. "What do you mean by his own reasons? What business does an assistant have with you?"

Atticus still didn't trust that scoundrel Michael.

Isabella had no choice but to tell Atticus about Aaron and Renee's relationship.

"Aaron came over just to see Renee and apologize to her. It's not what you think, Uncle Atticus."

"And when he showed up, the bodyguards let me know. I couldn't stand to see Renee upset, so I let him in. So don't blame the staff; it was my call."

Atticus didn't hold it against Isabella for tricking him into coming back. As long as she was safe, he was relieved.

"I've been slacking on things at home lately. I'll have security check everything again."

"Uncle Atticus, you must be starving after rushing back. Why don't you grab some breakfast? I need to go to my room for a bit."

Although she had tricked Atticus into coming back, it was clear that Renee's situation was more urgent now.

So, she had to put off dealing with Atticus and Olivia's matters for a while.

After speaking, Isabella went upstairs alone.

Taking advantage of the moment, she knocked on Renee's door. "Renee, it's me. Can you open the door and tell me what's going on? Don't worry, it's just me, no one else."

Isabella didn't believe Renee would change her mind so suddenly.

She clearly couldn't bear to part with Aaron, yet she said such heartless things. There had to be a reason behind it.

Inside, Renee sat on the edge of the bed, wiping her tears.

Hearing that Isabella was alone, Renee took a deep breath and opened the door.

"Ms. Taylor, I'm fine. Has Aaron left?"

He must have left.

After what she said, how could he stay? He would probably forget about her and never look back.

Thinking about this made Renee's heart ache.

But this was her decision. Why did it hurt so much to follow through?

"Yeah."

Isabella said softly, "Renee, I see you as a sister. Why are you calling me Ms. Taylor again? Can't you just call me by my name like before?"

Isabella knew what was troubling Renee.

It was about the child. The guilt in Renee's eyes when she was taking care of Isabella in the hospital was something Isabella had noticed.

But Isabella didn't blame her. The blame lay with the person who drugged her and the mastermind, Bianca!

Isabella's gentle words made Renee's eyes redden even more.

She shook her head. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean anything by it. Isabella, my mind is a mess right now. I don't want to affect you. You should go back."

"No way!"

Seeing Renee's tear-streaked face, Isabella knew she had feelings for Aaron.

And Renee's behavior today was too unusual. If she didn't get to the bottom of it, Aaron and Renee might really have no chance.

"I'm not leaving. If you don't want to talk, that's fine. I can stay with you until you're ready to talk."

Isabella had a feeling that Renee had a reason for rejecting Aaron.

If Renee didn't want Aaron to know, Isabella, as a friend, could help her sort things out.

Seeing that Isabella wouldn't leave, Renee said no more. She stepped aside to let Isabella in and closed the door.

Inside the room, Isabella held Renee's hand and sat on the bed, asking softly, "Tell me the truth. What happened? Why did you say those things to Aaron?"

"Do you know, Aaron was devastated when he left. He was heartbroken."

Renee's chest tightened, and she spoke in a choked voice, "I know he was heartbroken. So was I, but I had no choice."

"Why?"

Isabella was puzzled.

Renee held back her tears and began, "Isabella, I'm very grateful you saved my life back then. But now, I have to go back to that place."

###chapter 402 Isabella's Phone Call

Isabella's heart skipped a beat, and she quickly realized what was happening, though she found it hard to believe.

"Where are you going? Don't tell me you're going back to that hellhole."

"Yeah, I am."

Renee didn't want to, but she had no choice.

Her mother's life was still in the hands of those people. She could run, but her mother couldn't.

She couldn't be that selfish.

"Renee, are you out of your mind? They're hunting you down. Going back is like walking into a death trap."

"I know, I know."

Renee was helpless. "But Isabella, I have to go back. This is my fate. It was sealed the moment the Adri Family set their sights on me."

She had been hiding long enough.

If she didn't show up soon, the Adri Family would use her mother's life to threaten her.

By then, it would be too late.

So, no matter what danger she faced, she couldn't let those people harm her mother.

Even if it meant trading her life for her mother's safety, she was resigned to it.

Aaron's appearance was something she hadn't anticipated.

She thought she would never find love again in this lifetime, but he showed up and brought her many beautiful memories.

Now that her last wish had been fulfilled, she shouldn't drag innocent people into the abyss.

Whether it was Aaron or Isabella, she shouldn't involve them any further.

Isabella ultimately couldn't get Renee to reveal her inner turmoil.

Someone who had made up their mind wouldn't change it because of a few words from others.

At the same time, at the Brown Group headquarters, Michael sat behind his desk, watching Aaron, who had been reporting on the situation in Auroria one moment and then zoning out the next.

He couldn't help but frown and tap the desk with his fingers.

"Aaron, what's going on with you? Didn't I tell you to go home and get some rest yesterday? You look worse than when you came back from overseas."

Zoning out at work, especially in front of Michael, his boss, was something Aaron had never done before.

What was going on today?

Hearing Michael's reprimand, Aaron quickly snapped back to reality and apologized, "I'm sorry, Mr. Brown. I didn't mean to."

Seeing Aaron's pale face, Michael couldn't bring himself to say more.

"If you're too tired, take a few more days off. It's your right."

Michael didn't know what had happened to Aaron. He thought he was just exhausted from the business trip and jet lag.

So, Michael simply told him to go home and get some sleep.

But Aaron refused outright, "Mr. Brown, I'm really fine. I can work. I promise to get back on track as quickly as possible."

"I won't make such a rookie mistake again."

After leaving the Wilson Family, Aaron had gone home to change clothes and then headed straight to the office.

Right now, he just wanted to bury himself in work to numb his mind, so he wouldn't think about Renee's rejection.

"It's not about getting back on track. Look in the mirror. Your face looks terrible."

Michael frowned, then realized something.

"Aaron, be honest. Did something happen?"

Having worked with Aaron for years, Michael knew him well enough.

The first person that came to Michael's mind was Renee.

"Is it because of Renee? Did you go see her?"

After all, the only person who could affect Aaron's emotions this much was her.

Aaron's expression changed when Michael hit the nail on the head, but he still didn't say anything directly.

This time, he was truly hurt.

"Mr. Brown, please don't ask. I have some documents to sort out. I'll head back now."

Aaron didn't dare to talk about what had happened today, but he was afraid Michael would keep pressing, so he practically fled the office.

Michael wasn't an idiot. Aaron's behavior was so out of character that it was obvious something was wrong.

This had to be about Renee.

And it wasn't good news, or Aaron wouldn't look so awful.

The phone on the desk rang, which caught Michael's attention.

But it wasn't his phone.

It was Aaron's.

In his rush, Aaron had left it behind.

Michael sighed and picked up the internal phone to call Aaron back, but his eyes caught the flashing contact name.

"Mrs. Brown!"

Aaron was his assistant, and the only person he referred to as Mrs. Brown was Isabella.

Michael quickly picked up the phone and saw that the number was indeed Isabella's.

Why was Isabella calling Aaron at this time?

Could Aaron have told her everything?

Michael panicked and, without thinking, answered the call.

"Who's this? Aaron's not here. If it's business-related, you can report to me."

Even though he knew it was Isabella on the other end, Michael pretended not to know and kept a formal tone.

Isabella was taken aback by Michael's familiar voice.

Michael was answering Aaron's phone?

That was odd, but Isabella never had a good attitude towards Michael.

"When did the Brown Group fall so low that the president has to do his assistant's job? Or did you see my number and grab the phone on purpose?"

"I'm not that bored. What do you need Aaron for? I'll pass the message along."

Michael didn't want to waste time on pointless chatter and got straight to the point.

Isabella suddenly remembered Atticus mentioning that the Brown Group was undergoing significant changes.

But from the looks of it, Michael didn't seem to feel any crisis.

Otherwise, he wouldn't have time to answer her call.

"Talking to you isn't a problem."

Isabella thought for a moment. "Tell Aaron that Renee is going abroad with me for a vacation. If he wants to make one last effort, he should come to the airport at 10 AM tomorrow. Otherwise, no one can guarantee what will happen next."

She had originally intended to tell Aaron about Renee returning to the Adri Family.

But since Michael answered the call, she didn't trust him. If he took action against the Adri Family, Renee would be the first to get caught.

For Renee's safety, she had to cover up the important part.

As long as she could help Renee see Aaron one more time, it would be enough.

"By the way, Renee doesn't know about this. I called Aaron because I don't want them to miss each other. Make sure to explain it clearly to Aaron and tell him not to be too obvious. Pretend it's a coincidence."

After saying that, Isabella decisively hung up.

###chapter 403  Not Letting Go

Aaron rushed over in a panic when he realized his phone was missing, only to see Michael holding it, still in the posture of having just finished a call.

"Mr. Brown, that's my phone, right?" Aaron asked, a bit stunned.

If he wasn't mistaken, Michael had just answered a call on his phone?

Compared to Aaron's surprise, Michael was much calmer, showing no embarrassment at being caught red-handed.

"Yeah, it's yours. A call came in, so I answered it," Michael said as if it were the most natural thing in the world.

Aaron let out a sound of surprise, only to realize what was going on when Michael continued, "It was Isabella calling."

That explained everything.

After all, the only person who could make the CEO concerned was Isabella.

But why was Isabella calling him at this time? Could something have happened with Renee?

Or maybe Isabella had found out why Renee rejected him.

Thinking of this, Aaron suppressed his inner turmoil and asked, "Did Mrs. Brown say anything important?"

"Yeah," Michael replied, waiting for this question. "Isabella said Renee is flying abroad tomorrow. If you have anything to say to her, go to the airport at ten tomorrow."

This news was good for both Aaron and Michael.

It had been a while since Michael had seen Isabella.

The airport tomorrow would be a perfect opportunity.

He could just watch her from afar without approaching.

"I'll be there. Thanks for letting me know," Aaron blurted out.

No matter what Renee had said, he believed she wasn't the type to change her mind easily. She must have her reasons.

Michael added, "One more thing, Renee doesn't know you're coming. So when you show up tomorrow, don't be too obvious, or she might avoid you again."

Aaron nodded seriously.

But he couldn't help but wonder.

Renee had just told him last night that she wanted to stay by Isabella's side, and now she was leaving the country. What had happened?

As far as he knew, Renee had only studied abroad. Where could she be going?

Could it be the Adri Family?

Aaron's eyes darkened.

If Renee was returning to the Adri Family, everything made sense.

She didn't want him to get involved, so she planned to leave quietly.

But if she really went back there, it would be extremely dangerous.

No way!

He couldn't just watch her throw her life away.

He had to stop Renee.

If he couldn't, he would go with her.

Only by resolving her inner conflicts could they be together without any burdens.

Michael watched Aaron's expression grow darker, unsure of what he was thinking.

Unexpectedly, Aaron immediately asked for leave, "Mr. Brown, I have an urgent matter and need a few days off. I hope you can approve it."

He said he was fine fine just a moment ago, but now he was asking for leave because of Renee. Michael didn't need to guess what Aaron was planning.

But he didn't ask further, nodding, "Sure, how many days do you need?"

Aaron thought for a moment, "I can't say for sure, but at least a week."

He could only confirm that Renee intended to return to her organization. As for when he could bring her back safely, he wasn't sure.

Michael shook his head helplessly. It seemed Aaron was truly caught up in love this time.

He was willing to put aside his most valued work to chase after his beloved.

"Alright, go ahead. Just don't regret it," Michael said, letting him go easily. He knew that with such a significant personal matter, Aaron wouldn't be able to focus on work anyway.

"Thanks, Mr. Brown," Aaron replied, grabbing his phone and heading out, leaving Michael alone in the large office.

Thinking of Aaron's anxious demeanor, Michael felt a pang of emotion. If he had realized his love for Isabella earlier, they wouldn't be in a situation where even seeing each other was difficult.

Because of the miscarriage, Isabella had been recuperating at the Wilson Villa. Her uncles, who already disliked him, now hated him even more. Not only was he unwelcome in Isabella's presence, but even stepping into the Wilson Family's territory would get him immediately escorted out by bodyguards.

Even their divorce agreement was handled entirely by Thomas. The last time he saw Isabella was when Bianca kidnapped him, and Isabella must have misunderstood.

He needed to find a way to see her and explain everything.

The next day.

Evergreen City Airport, Section B.

Renee pushed the suitcase Isabella had prepared for her, quietly heading towards the departure lounge. This was her last moment in the country. Once she boarded the plane, her life would no longer be under her control.

She couldn't imagine what the future held. The worst outcome would be death. She had mentally prepared herself.

At the entrance, Renee told Isabella not to see her off any further, "Isabella, you should go back. I can handle this alone."

"Renee, are you sure about this?" Isabella asked, concerned. She had initially planned to go with Renee to see what the situation was like. If it was truly dangerous, she would bring Renee back. But Renee had refused all her suggestions.

She already owed Isabella too much. And facing the entire Adri Family this time, her chances of survival were slim. Given the circumstances, she couldn't drag Isabella down with her.

"Yes, I've thought about this many times and won't change my mind. I'm glad I met you here. The time I've spent in the country has been the happiest of my life."

"Isabella, take care of yourself. I'm leaving," Renee said, holding back her tears. She gave Isabella a light hug and turned to leave.

Isabella watched Renee walk away, then looked around at the crowd, growing more anxious. Where was Aaron? If he didn't show up soon, Renee would really be gone.

Just as Isabella was about to start pacing, a man in a black coat appeared in the crowd, striding after Renee. Isabella's eyes lit up, quickly recognizing the figure. Aaron had finally come through and arrived.

As Renee was about to step into the departure lounge, someone bumped into her from the side. Just as she was about to fall, a strong arm caught her around the waist. By the time Renee realized what was happening, she was securely held in Aaron's arms.

"Aaron? Why are you here?" Renee stared at Aaron in disbelief, thinking she was seeing things. The person holding her was the very Aaron she had pushed away?

Quickly regaining her composure, she pushed Aaron away, but he immediately pulled her back into his arms. He held her even tighter.

Renee instinctively struggled, "Let go of me!"

"No way!" Aaron said firmly.

###chapter 404  Why Should I Listen to You

Aaron spoke to her in a tone he had never used before, leaving Renee momentarily stunned.

At this point, Aaron decided to stop holding back and gave Renee two choices.

"Stay here and be my wife, or go back to that place with me. Pick one."

Renee was taken aback but quickly understood what Aaron meant. She immediately rejected both options. "I don't want either! Move, I want to go back."

"No way, you have to choose one!"

Aaron tightened his grip on her hand, refusing to back down no matter what Renee said.

"Who do you think you are to control me?"

Renee had never seen Aaron act so domineering. She had always been the one in control in their relationship. When did he learn to treat her like this?

"You know why. Because I'm your man!"

"You..."

Aaron whispered this in her ear, but his domineering words still made Renee's face flush with embarrassment.

Was he doing this on purpose?

This was an airport, not their home.

How could he say something like that so confidently?

Seeing her blushing face, Aaron decided not to tease her any further and pulled her into the waiting area.

He had made up his mind. No matter where she went, he would follow.

Outside, Isabella watched this scene unfold and finally breathed a sigh of relief.

With Aaron around, she believed he would protect Renee.

She turned to leave, spotting Olivia in a black leather outfit and sunglasses, standing out in the crowd.

Seeing Isabella, Olivia approached and asked, "So, is Renee staying? If not, should we follow her and see what's going on?"

"I heard they have rare diamonds over there. You love red diamonds, right? We could get some and bring them back as family heirlooms."

"Plus, it's warmer there and less crowded. We could treat it as a vacation. What do you think?"

Isabella sometimes envied Olivia's outlook. No matter what happened, she always saw the bright side.

No overthinking, no internal conflict. Always true to herself.

Seeing Isabella's silence, Olivia took her hand and made the decision. "Your silence means yes. I'm booking the tickets now. We'll surprise Renee with a little 'coincidental' meeting."

Isabella did want to get away for a while. So much had happened recently, and Atticus and the others were worried about her safety, keeping her under the Wilson Family's protection.

But that only made her feel more depressed.

If possible, she wanted to find a quiet place where no one knew her and just relax.

"Okay."

Just as Isabella agreed, a familiar voice called out from behind her.

"No way! I won't let you go."

Isabella and Olivia turned to see Michael approaching.

Olivia had already booked first-class tickets.

Seeing Michael, Olivia's temper flared. "Oh, it's Mr. Brown. What does it matter to you where Isabella wants to go? Who are you to control her?"

"Because we're still married, and I'm still her husband." Michael's tone was firm.

He had heard everything. Isabella was planning to go to Auroria. That couldn't happen.

The thought of Isabella being in danger made him frown as he tried to pull her to his side.

Olivia quickly stepped in front of Isabella, glaring at Michael. "Michael, have some decency, will you?"

"Isabella isn't yours anymore. You're just one signature away from divorce. How can you say something like that?"

"I warn you, stay away from Isabella. She has nothing to do with you now."

Her words might have worked on someone else, but Michael didn't care at all.

His focus was solely on Isabella.

"Olivia, this is between Isabella and me. Step aside!"

He just wanted to take Isabella away, keep her in Evergreen City where she would be safe.

Olivia was furious. How dare this man come here and try to take her away?

"Over my dead body. What are you going to do about it?"

Olivia spread her arms to shield Isabella, her face red with anger. "Michael, if you had any conscience, you'd know how much you've hurt Isabella. Now that she's finally free of you, you want to drag her back? No way!"

Olivia's loud voice drew the attention of the crowd at the airport.

Some recognized them and started gossiping.

"Oh my God, isn't that Michael Brown? Didn't he have a public breakup ages ago? Why is he still chasing his ex-wife?"

"Ex-wife? Didn't you hear? They're not divorced yet, just separated. Looks like Michael Brown regrets it and wants her back, but she doesn't want him."

"He should have thought of that before. I remember he was all over some woman named Bianca back then. Now he regrets it? Too late."

Hearing Bianca's name, Isabella's hands clenched.

She looked at Michael with even colder eyes.

She had just wanted to avoid talking to him, but now she didn't even want to look at him.

"Olivia, let's go. Ignore him."

Isabella grabbed Olivia's hand and headed towards the VIP lounge.

"Stop."

Michael stepped in front of them, his eyes fixed on Isabella.

"No matter what, you can't leave Evergreen City. Just this once, listen to me, okay?"

Bianca was in Auroria now. The safest place for Isabella was Evergreen City.

If she went to Auroria, she'd be walking into danger.

He couldn't allow it. It was too risky.

And Bianca, that lunatic, would definitely do something if she knew Isabella was in Auroria.

Isabella didn't know what Michael was up to, but she hated his controlling attitude.

"Michael, you don't get it. Where I go is my choice. You have no right to control me, got it?"

Isabella didn't give him a chance to speak and started to walk away.

Michael had no choice but to grab her hand. "Isabella, please, stay. Don't go there!"

That place was the Adri Family's territory. He couldn't protect her there. If they wanted to harm her, he couldn't do anything.

And he wasn't Aaron. The Brown Group was facing major changes. He couldn't just leave the company and follow her.

So the best solution was for Isabella to stay.

That way, he could be at ease.

Isabella found his words laughable and shook off his hand without a second thought.

"Michael, are you kidding me? Who are you to me? Why should I listen to you?"

###chapter 405 Bianca Is There, You Can't Go

Michael's grip was shaken off, but he still stood firm in front of Isabella, refusing to back down.

"No way, you're coming with me today."

He couldn't convince her with words, so he was ready to use force.

As long as he could keep her here, he didn't care if Isabella ended up hating him.

Isabella took a deep breath and then let out a cold laugh. "Alright, give me one good reason why I should stay, and I'll go with you."

"Isabella."

Olivia was stunned, her eyes wide open.

Isabella patted her hand and whispered, "We don't have much time. If he keeps this up, do you think we'll still make our flight?"

Olivia immediately caught on.

Isabella was playing a strategy to make Michael let go on his own.

For a moment, Olivia was scared. She thought Isabella still had feelings for Michael and wanted to go with him.

Michael's eyes lit up when he heard she was willing to stay. He revealed his biggest worry and the most dangerous point.

"Isabella, Bianca is in Auroria. You can't go there."

Isabella felt a sharp pain in her chest.

She never expected that Michael's reason for wanting her to stay was because of Bianca.

"So, you're stopping me so ruthlessly just because you don't want me to run into your sweetheart, huh?"

As for why Bianca was there, it was definitely Michael's doing.

The Brown Group was in turmoil, and since they weren't fully divorced yet, Bianca's status was that of a mistress.

So he sent her abroad to hide for a while, waiting for things to settle down before bringing her back to marry her openly into the Brown Family.

He had everything planned out for Bianca.

He just wanted to give Bianca a legitimate status, so she wouldn't be criticized for her past.

If he loved Bianca so much, why did he still torment Isabella?

"Michael, if you're so worried about your darling, why don't you just bring her back and hide her in your place? Don't strip me of my right to go abroad just because she's there."

"I really don't get it. If you like her so much, why are you delaying our divorce? Only when we're no longer connected can you marry Bianca, right?"

"Isabella, what are you talking about?"

Michael frowned, never expecting that just mentioning Bianca would lead Isabella to such conclusions.

These things had nothing to do with him.

They said those involved were confused, while bystanders saw clearly.

Standing aside, Olivia finally understood this saying, watching Isabella pretend not to care when she clearly did.

She felt heartache for Isabella.

What was so good about Michael? Any random guy outside would be better than him.

Why couldn't she let go of such a bad man?

But she had to admit, Michael was right about one thing.

That was Bianca, the crazy woman.

If it weren't for her, Isabella wouldn't have lost her child.

Now that Isabella's body had just recovered, if she ran into that lunatic Bianca again, who knew what Bianca might do?

For safety's sake, this trip to Auroria was off the table.

Seeing Michael getting closer to Isabella, clearly intending to take her away, Olivia quickly pulled her aside and said to Michael, "Back off, Michael. I don't know what you're trying to pull, but we'll trust you this time. Just don't get too comfortable. Keep your distance from Isabella."

With that, Olivia pulled Isabella away quickly.

As they walked out, Isabella looked at Olivia in confusion. "Olivia, are we not going?"

"No!"

"Why not? Do you also think I'm afraid of Bianca?"

Isabella was baffled. She was actually eager to find Bianca. If Bianca was in Auroria, she wanted to confront her.

She wanted to capture Bianca and avenge her child.

"It's not about fear."

Olivia sighed and explained, "Isabella, Bianca is a complete lunatic now. A lunatic can do anything. We can't risk your safety."

"Besides, abroad is different from Evergreen City. Here, we have people everywhere. But if we go abroad, there's no one to control the situation. Bianca is vengeful. If something happens, we won't even have anyone to call for help. It's too dangerous."

"If you're worried about Renee, we can send someone to protect her. How about that?"

Isabella didn't respond. Just then, her phone buzzed.

It was a text from Aaron.

He said he was on the flight to Auroria with Renee and assured her he would protect Renee.

Olivia, standing close, saw the message too.

"Aaron went with her, Isabella. Now you can relax, right?"

"Okay."

With Aaron there, she felt much more at ease.

Meanwhile, watching Isabella get into the Wilson Family car, Michael finally felt relieved and returned to the office.

But as soon as he arrived, he was faced with a big problem.

The project confirmation from Auroria had come through.

The Adri Family's concession had finally given him the mining rights to the largest mine.

But the Adri Family had a condition. The mining rights had to be bought out in one go, worth a billion dollars.

Otherwise, they would take a 20% cut of the profits from each batch of diamonds mined.

Even though diamonds were highly profitable, they could only be monetized after being brought back to the country.

They not only had to invest in mining but also manage the entire process, including risks and resource costs.

The Adri Family demanding 20% was outrageous.

Michael took one look and knew this wasn't the contract Aaron had signed.

He quickly dialed Aaron's number to clarify, as Aaron was the one in charge of the project.

And the contract had already been stamped by the local government. If not handled promptly, the Brown Group would suffer.

But his phone was turned off.

Michael frowned deeply. How could he forget? Aaron was on a plane and likely out of the country by now.

He sat down to calm himself.

Luckily, he had reviewed the contract. Even though the Adri Family had stamped it, it wouldn't be valid without his signature and submission.

The worst outcome would be a delay in the project's start.

He rubbed his temples, wondering if he was overthinking.

Lately, whether it was the Brown Group or his personal life, strange things kept happening, never a moment of peace.

Just as Michael shook off his thoughts and started working, his phone buzzed again.

###chapter 406 He Already Knew

The call was from Aiden, urging Michael to come back to the Brown Villa.

Michael figured Aiden was going to lecture him about Isabella again, so he refused without a second thought.

But the next second, Aiden's angry roar came through the phone.

"You little punk, you think you're all grown up now, huh? How dare you keep such a big deal from me? That's a billion-dollar project in Auroria! If you mess this up, I'll break your legs!"

"Get home right now and bring the project contract with you. I need to review it personally."

Hearing it was about the company, Michael didn't dare to argue.

After all, he was just the CEO of the Brown Group, managing the company's day-to-day operations, but Aiden was still the chairman of the board.

With such a big issue at hand, Aiden had the right to know, and Michael couldn't refuse.

"Got it. I'll be there right away."

On the way back, Michael grew increasingly uneasy.

From the moment he received the contract to the moment he opened it, it had only been about ten minutes. How did Aiden find out so quickly?

If someone in the company had leaked the information, they couldn't have known the details of the contract so precisely.

He was sure he was the first person to handle that document.

Who could have tipped Aiden off and accurately guessed the amount involved?

He didn't believe it was a coincidence. If it was deliberate, who could it be?

With a sudden screech of brakes, Michael swerved the car sharply to the side, narrowly avoiding a figure that had appeared in front of him.

If he had been going any faster, he would have run them over.

He got out to check and found that the obstacle in the middle of the road was just a mannequin that looked eerily human.

This was the only road leading to the Brown Family estate.

It didn't appear earlier or later, but right when he was passing by. It seemed like someone was deliberately messing with him.

His eyes darkened as he tossed the mannequin aside.

If he had any doubts before, he was now almost certain someone was watching him, someone who not only wanted to ruin him but also wanted him dead.

In the Brown Family's grand hall, Michael walked in to find Aiden sitting on the couch, staring at him with a stern expression.

Michael knew Aiden was angry.

Angry that he hadn't informed him about such a significant matter.

Stella, hearing her son had returned, was already waiting downstairs. She took Michael's coat and said, "Michael, you're finally back. Your Grandpa has been waiting for you for a long time."

"And he seems to be in a bad mood. Be careful with what you say, okay?"

Stella whispered to her son.

Michael didn't say anything, just nodded slightly.

Stella turned to Aiden with a smile, "Dad, it's lively at home today. Michael and Nolan are both here to keep you company. I'll go ask the kitchen to prepare a few more dishes."

"Alright, go ahead."

Aiden waved her off.

"Nolan's here too?"

Michael caught the key point and couldn't help but ask.

Nolan, who usually avoided coming home, had suddenly decided to show up?

Even Michael, who wasn't the most perceptive, could sense something was up. It seemed Nolan's talk about joining the company at the café wasn't just idle chatter.

"Yes, Nolan resigned from his teaching job and came back to see me."

Aiden didn't say much, but it was clear he welcomed Nolan's return.

After all, he felt he owed Nolan a lot. He had only wanted to place Nolan in a branch office, but Nolan had left for three years abroad without a word.

Now that he was older, Aiden wanted to make amends as much as he could.

Michael didn't ask further. Since Aiden wanted to review the Auroria project, he handed over the documents.

"Grandpa, here's the contract and agreement from Auroria. Please take a look."

Aiden took the documents and slowly flipped through them, finally stopping at the last page, his brows furrowing.

"You promised me you'd secure this lucrative deal with Auroria. Look at this. How is this any different from throwing money away?"

"I can't agree to this. A billion dollars is no small amount."

"Grandpa, you misunderstood. I just noticed the discrepancies in this contract myself. Don't worry, this isn't the agreement we initially approved. I'll have it verified."

Hearing this, Aiden finally relaxed.

"That's more like it. Michael, I've entrusted the company to you. Don't let me down."

"I understand, Grandpa."

After discussing business, Aiden brought up Isabella. "I heard the Wilson Family sent you divorce papers. Is Isabella really not willing to come back to the Brown Family?"

Michael's mood instantly dropped. He no longer knew what Isabella was thinking.

He didn't know if she would ever forgive him.

"Grandpa, I don't know. She doesn't want to see me. We can't even have a conversation without arguing or saying hurtful things. We can't communicate calmly at all."

When it came to Isabella, Michael was at a loss.

No matter what he said or did, she would get angry and bring Bianca into the mix, creating a barrier between them. He didn't know how to explain things to her anymore.

"In the end, it's your own fault for not realizing Isabella's worth sooner. If you had, you wouldn't be in this situation where you can't even see her."

"I know the company is a heavy burden on you, but if you don't fight for Isabella, you'll really lose her."

After their divorce, Isabella would have no ties to the Brown Family.

With the Wilson Family's resources and background, Isabella could find someone better. Michael would be out of the picture.

Michael understood Aiden's advice, but he felt powerless.

Feelings couldn't be dictated by one person alone.

Moreover, Isabella no longer had any affection for him and wouldn't even spare him a glance.

"Grandpa, it's getting late. I'll go check on the kitchen."

Michael genuinely didn't know what else to say to Aiden and chose to avoid the topic.

Aiden didn't say anything, just sighed to himself.

At that moment, Nolan wheeled himself over and stopped in front of Aiden.

His eyes immediately noticed the contract on the table, but he didn't look at it or ask about it.

Because he already knew what was in it.

"Grandpa, what's wrong? Why are you sighing?"

Nolan asked with a concerned expression.

"Nolan, you're here."

Aiden looked up and smiled. "It's nothing. I'm just getting old and have many regrets. I was just thinking about some things."

Seeing the documents on the table, Aiden instinctively put them away.

After all, the company was now in Michael's hands, and the documents contained confidential information.

Even though they were family, it wasn't appropriate for Nolan to see the contract.

###chapter 407 Confession

Nolan saw everything clearly.

Even though he didn't care about the contents of the contract, Aiden's actions still hurt him.

He had been right all along.

In this family, his status was nowhere near comparable to Michael's.

The truth was right in front of him. To Aiden, Michael was his beloved grandson, while Nolan was just an insignificant outsider.

But Aiden didn't see it that way. He had always thought highly of Nolan.

When the Brown Family faced trouble and Aiden fell seriously ill, the responsibility of the company fell on Nolan, who had just graduated from college.

Nolan didn't complain at all and managed to keep the company afloat.

Nolan had once been a source of pride for Aiden.

But after that incident...

Aiden didn't know if he had truly made a mistake, causing Nolan to distance himself.

Nolan had been abroad for three years without visiting him once.

Now that Nolan had finally returned, he could no longer stand on his own two feet.

As his grandfather, how could Aiden not feel regret?

At least Nolan was still willing to be close to him, and that was enough.

"Nolan, you're not getting any younger. Did you meet anyone special while you were abroad? When will you bring her home for me to meet?"

"Don't worry, as long as you like her, her family background doesn't matter. I won't oppose it."

Now that Michael had driven Isabella away, Aiden's only great-grandson was gone too.

He had no choice but to shift his attention to Nolan. The house had been too quiet for too long; a happy event would bring some cheer.

Nolan didn't rush to respond. His gaze instinctively fell on his "immobile" legs.

He sighed softly. "Grandpa, I don't have any plans for that right now. Let's take it slow. I'm not in a hurry."

But in reality, the person he was waiting for was Isabella.

Michael was still refusing to sign the divorce papers. How could he bring Isabella back to the Brown Family for Aiden to meet?

Aiden, however, couldn't sit still when he heard Nolan wasn't in a hurry.

"Not in a hurry? You're already over thirty. If you don't hurry, it'll be too late. I see you're not taking this seriously. How about this: I'll find a few suitable girls for you to meet. You can have dinner and chat with them."

If it had been before, Aiden might not have focused on Nolan.

But now, he couldn't manage Michael anymore.

With Nolan back in the Brown Family, as a grandfather, he had to make plans for him. It was also a way to make up for his past guilt.

Nolan heard the word "matchmaking" and a faint, cold smile appeared on his lips, quickly disappearing.

"Grandpa, I have my own plans for this. You don't need to worry about it."

"Your own plans? Does that mean you already have someone in mind?"

Aiden immediately caught the key point, his eyes lighting up.

Seeing he couldn't hide it, Nolan decided to be straightforward. "Yes, I have someone I like. But I haven't confessed my feelings yet. I don't know if she wants to be with me. So, Grandpa, please don't introduce anyone to me."

"If she sees or hears about it, she might misunderstand."

Aiden's face lit up with a smile when he heard Nolan had someone he liked. "Alright, alright. I won't interfere. But you need to be proactive. Don't keep her waiting."

"Okay, Grandpa. I will tell her how I feel."

A smile flashed across Nolan's face.

If Aiden knew the person he was talking about was Isabella, he wondered if Aiden would still be smiling so happily.

But he didn't plan to reveal that.

He said he was going out for a walk and wheeled himself outside.

Earlier, he had seen Michael heading out. Michael had said he was going to the kitchen, but in reality, he was looking for some peace and quiet.

Sure enough, as soon as Nolan reached the hallway, he saw Michael standing in the shadows.

Before Nolan could say anything, Michael spoke up.

"Nolan, what's the point of this? You can't beat me openly, so you're resorting to underhanded tactics?"

Michael's face showed blatant sarcasm. "Do you think this will help you take my place and gain control of the company? Dream on."

Michael knew one thing for sure: if Aiden didn't want to hand the company over to him, what happened on his twentieth birthday wouldn't have occurred.

No matter what, he was the biggest beneficiary of that event.

Some things, coming from his mouth, would only seem insincere and hypocritical.

So, he never explained anything.

But that didn't mean Nolan could mess with him without consequence.

Unexpectedly, Nolan didn't get angry. Instead, he smiled and explained, "Michael, I haven't done anything. Why are you so worked up?"

Suddenly, as if he had thought of something, he looked at Michael.

"Do you think I peeked at the documents you gave Grandpa? Don't worry, Grandpa didn't let me see them. He didn't even touch me. If you don't believe me, you can ask him."

Michael didn't believe him. "Really? Then what did you and Grandpa talk about?"

Nolan's eyes flickered. "Grandpa is concerned about my personal life. He wants to find a few suitable candidates for me to marry."

At this point, he paused and looked directly at Michael.

"Do you think I should tell Grandpa that the person I want to marry is Isabella? What do you think his reaction would be?"

"Don't you dare!"

Michael was furious, his eyes turning sharp.

If Nolan dared to tell Aiden that, Michael would make sure he didn't leave the Brown Family today.

Seeing Michael so tense, Nolan felt satisfied.

He smiled and shrugged. "Don't be so angry. I was just joking. Don't worry, I only told Grandpa that I have someone I like, but I can't bring her home yet because it's not convenient for her right now."

As for why it wasn't convenient, that was something Michael would have to answer.

Michael's face darkened.

He hadn't expected Nolan to admit to Aiden that he had someone he liked.

Was he planning to confess to Isabella next?

If Isabella agreed, what would Michael do?

After lunch, Aiden called Michael into the study.

He had something to discuss with him privately.

Michael didn't think much of it, assuming it was about the company, and followed him in.

But Aiden's first question caught him off guard. "Nolan mentioned wanting to join the company. What do you think?"

Michael's expression immediately darkened.

The issue had to be addressed.

Now it was up to Aiden's attitude.

###chapter 408  A Promise

"Grandpa, if you want Nolan back, I'm cool with it," Michael spoke sincerely.

"That's your answer, huh?"

Aiden's tone was flat, giving nothing away.

But Michael could sense Aiden's reluctance. He knew Aiden didn't want Nolan back, especially since Nolan was gunning for the top spot. Aiden saw it clearer than anyone.

"Grandpa, I don't get it. If Nolan was the right guy to take over, why did you give me the reins back then? What are you hiding?"

Michael didn't know what had gone down years ago, but he could tell Aiden had trusted and admired Nolan's skills.

Otherwise, he wouldn't have looked so proud whenever he talked about Nolan.

Yet, just when the company was thriving under Nolan's leadership, Aiden suddenly announced that Michael would be the future heir of the Brown Group, handing the company over to him without any prep.

This decision forced Nolan to leave.

Hearing this, Aiden lowered his eyes. So many years had passed, and he still didn't know if that decision was right or wrong.

But in the end, he had hurt Nolan.

He had caused Nolan to go abroad alone for three years. How could he not feel guilty during those years?

Thinking about it, Aiden sighed and decided not to hide the truth any longer.

"I had planned to take this secret to my grave, but since you asked, I'll tell you the truth. But don't ask about it anymore after this."

"I chose to hand the company over to you because I made a promise to someone that I would never let Nolan take over the Brown Group."

If it weren't for that promise, he wouldn't have made such a sudden decision.

Michael was stunned. A part of his steadfast beliefs seemed to crumble instantly.

Aiden had suddenly announced him as the heir and driven Nolan out of the house just because of a "promise"?

What did all his years of dedication mean then?

He had thought that Aiden had chosen him because of his potential or talent, which was why the Brown Group was handed to him.

But it turned out to be for this reason.

If that was the case, he would have preferred that the Brown Group had never been handed to him. That way, he could have pursued what he wanted freely, without being bound by responsibilities that kept him away from the person he loved most. He wouldn't have had to watch Isabella leave.

"Grandpa, if that's the reason, then I think there's no harm in Nolan coming back. At least Nolan's abilities and vision are no less than mine. If he manages the company, he might do a better job than me."

"Why should you bear the burden of that promise for so many years?"

Aiden wasn't the only one trapped by this situation.

In front of Nolan, Michael was the villain who had seized power. Nolan directed all his hostility towards him.

But back then, Michael had been pushed into this position without knowing anything, without any choice.

For years, he had to hold onto power tightly for himself and his mother.

But what did he gain in the end?

He lost his child, and Isabella left him.

He couldn't even get close to her.

And now Nolan was about to confess to the family about his relationship with Isabella.

If Nolan wanted to take the Brown Group from Michael, Michael would rather give up the power.

That way, he could do what he wanted.

He couldn't stand by and watch Isabella and Nolan together without feeling anything.

Aiden looked at him deeply. "Michael, you shouldn't be saying these things. What are you thinking?"

Michael struggled to find the right words. "Grandpa, I just think Nolan might be more suited for that position. If you don't want to break your promise, why not discuss it with the other party again?"

"I knew I shouldn't tell you this. Don't ask anymore."

Aiden sat down wearily and waved Michael away. "I can't give you an answer about Nolan right now. I'm tired. You can go."

Michael said nothing more and quietly left the study.

The room fell silent.

Aiden stared blankly out the window, looking as if he had aged decades.

He knew what Michael and Nolan were thinking.

His decision back then was too hasty. It hurt Nolan and didn't give Michael any time to prepare.

Now, seeing the result, he knew he bore the greatest responsibility.

But he had made that promise.

Now that the other party was dead, he still clung to that promise, indirectly causing his two grandsons to almost turn against each other. Should he continue to hold on?

Meanwhile, Michael slowly descended the stairs.

His mind kept replaying Aiden's mention of that "promise."

Who could have made Aiden change the company's leadership with just a word?

How much did that person hate Nolan?

As he was about to leave, he glanced out the first-floor window and saw Nolan sitting in the garden.

Even though it was spring, the weather was still cold.

Nolan, dressed in a light blue cashmere coat, sat in a wheelchair, his gaze seemingly on the flowers or somewhere else, with a gray blanket over his legs.

He exuded a deep sense of loneliness.

Michael didn't plan to disturb him.

His feelings for Nolan had long faded over the years, but he didn't hate him either.

After all, Nolan hadn't actually harmed him.

But Nolan's presence had driven a wedge between Michael and Isabella.

So, whether Nolan eventually joined the Brown Group or not, Michael wouldn't feel any guilt. This was their fate as members of the Brown family.

At the Wilson Group, Atticus had just hung up the phone. Isabella hadn't boarded the plane to Auroria; she was already on her way back. He breathed a sigh of relief.

As he put down his phone, he ran into Holden, who had also received the news.

Before he could speak, Holden started ranting.

"Atticus, I have to say, even if you spoil her, you can't let her go to such a dangerous place like Auroria alone. Have you forgotten that the people who wanted Isabella dead last time were sent by that mysterious family from Auroria?"

"No way! I can't rest easy. Notify them that I'm taking a private jet to get there ahead of her. I'll block her at the airport before she lands."

Holden was about to leave when Atticus grabbed him.

"Calm down. You're getting worked up over nothing. Isabella didn't go to Auroria. She's already on her way home."

"Really?"

Holden paused, thinking Atticus might be lying to him, so he asked again, "Atticus, are you covering for Isabella, trying to delay me?"

###chapter 409  New Boyfriend

Atticus rolled his eyes at Holden and tossed his phone over. "I don't have time for this. Isabella didn't go. The bodyguard just called."

Seeing the call log from a minute ago, Holden finally relaxed. "Good, that place isn't safe. If something happened to Isabella, Dad won't be at peace."

Atticus didn't say anything. Daniel's last wish was for Isabella to live a happy life. They, as her uncles, would protect her with their lives if necessary.

Holden pulled up a chair and sat down, glancing at the documents on the desk. He suddenly frowned. "Atticus, didn't you hand the company over to Emilio? Why are you still handling things? Ever since Dad passed, you've been busy with family matters. Isn't your own work important?"

Atticus was the head of the Southern Military District, constantly busy with affairs. Now he had to juggle the family business and Isabella's safety. He must be exhausted.

Hearing this, Atticus's eyes slowly darkened, and he sighed lightly. Some things didn't need to be said; they were already clear.

Holden grew anxious. "Atticus, don't wear yourself out. Your work is just as important. Let the professionals handle the company. As for the family, leave it to me."

Atticus looked up at him, surprised but pleased. "Holden, it's enough that you care. The company is stabilizing, and with Emilio there, I'll soon be able to step back. But I'm still worried about Isabella."

If it weren't for his concern for Isabella, he would have already thrown himself into his own career.

Holden nodded in agreement. "True, a lot has happened to Isabella recently. If we keep her cooped up at home, her emotions will suffer."

Atticus shared this concern. The next moment, Holden had a bright idea. "Hey, Atticus, since we're worried about Isabella going out, why not arrange for someone reliable to accompany her? That way, we can be at ease wherever she goes."

Atticus didn't quite get it and frowned. "Isabella isn't lacking for company. Her friend Olivia is staying with her, and there's also Cinda. What more does she need?"

Cinda was someone they had chosen, though Isabella didn't know that. But Cinda wouldn't encourage Isabella to do anything dangerous. As for Olivia... Just thinking about her gave Atticus a headache. He avoided dealing with Olivia whenever possible, as long as she didn't drag Isabella into trouble, he was content.

"Atticus, I don't mean friends or a nanny. I mean finding Isabella a boyfriend!"

"A boyfriend!" Atticus nearly choked on Holden's words. "What nonsense are you talking about?"

"Isabella and Michael aren't even divorced yet. If this gets out, how will Isabella face anyone?"

"So what!" Holden didn't care about such things. "Thomas is handling their divorce. They're already done for. Or do you want to push Isabella back to that scumbag Michael?"

"Of course not!" Atticus frowned. "The Browns won't pick on Isabella again. The divorce has to happen."

They had kept quiet out of respect for Aiden and Daniel being old friends, but now that Daniel was gone, they were Isabella's only support. As long as they were around, no one would dare mess with Isabella.

"Exactly! Atticus, think about it. Isabella was deeply in love with Michael. Who knows if she's really over him? If we don't introduce someone suitable now, what if she rekindles things with Michael? That would be worse!"

Holden's words hit home for Atticus. As the uncle who doted on Isabella the most, her love life was his biggest worry. The Browns couldn't have Isabella back. The best way to separate her from Michael was to introduce a new "boyfriend."

But he needed to confirm one thing. "Do you have someone in mind?"

Holden caught Atticus's drift. Clearly, he agreed with the idea. Holden grinned and leaned in. "I think Emilio is a good match. You admire him, don't you? He could help Isabella with the company too. They'd be perfect together."

Holden had thought it through. Atticus nodded. "Emilio is indeed suitable, but will Isabella agree?"

He had spent a lot of time with Emilio at the company recently. Emilio's abilities and character impressed him. He had considered this before, but Isabella seemed to see Emilio only as a friend.

"Don't worry, I'll handle Isabella. Leave it to me." Holden patted his chest, taking on the responsibility.

Meanwhile, at the Wilson Villa, Cinda was surprised to see Isabella and Olivia return so soon. "Ms. Taylor, you just left. Why are you back so quickly?"

Isabella, recalling the argument with Michael at the airport, felt a headache coming on. "Not going."

Michael, that jerk. They were getting divorced, yet he still tried to control her.

"Didn't Renee come back with you?" Cinda asked, noticing it was just the two of them.

"Her?" Olivia smirked. "She has company abroad. We didn't need to follow."

"I see. I'll make lunch for you. It's almost noon, and you must be hungry." Cinda headed to the kitchen.

"Cinda, I want your shrimp. Can I help?" Olivia linked arms with Cinda and followed her.

Isabella went to her room and sat at the piano to compose. Though Olivia suggested finding someone else to write the music, Isabella didn't want to give up halfway. She had promised Olivia.

Once she sat down, Isabella immersed herself in her world, not even hearing the knock on the door. Olivia had to push the door open. Seeing Isabella focused on her sheet music, she sighed.

"Isabella, I said we could find someone else to compose. You're going to wear yourself out."

Hearing her, Isabella snapped back to reality and explained, "I'm just sitting around at home anyway. I might as well finish this piece. It'll save your manager from bothering you."

###chapter 410  The Careful Thoughts of Pursuit

Olivia knew Isabella couldn't stand to see her struggling, which only made her feel worse.

Every song Isabella wrote was amazing, just like her design skills, always leaving people in awe.

But Olivia didn't want Isabella to wear herself out.

"It's fine, it's just one song. If it comes to it, I'll just tell them to pick another one for the lead single."

"You can't be so nonchalant about your work. We still have plenty of time, so don't stress. I can handle it."

"But-"

Before Olivia could finish, Isabella's phone rang, cutting her off.

Seeing the caller ID, Isabella was a bit surprised.

It was Emilio.

They hadn't really kept in touch since they last met at Celestial Dining.

Emilio had recently been promoted to vice president of the Wilson Group. Why would he be calling now? Could something have happened at the company?

With that thought, Isabella answered the call without hesitation.

To her surprise, Emilio's first question was, "Isabella, I heard from Mr. Atticus Wilson that you were planning a spontaneous trip abroad today. Have you left yet?"

Relieved that it wasn't a company emergency, Isabella relaxed.

Emilio's tone was gentle, suggesting he was just calling for a casual chat.

Isabella smiled lightly, "No, I'm at home. I was planning to go with a friend, but her boyfriend showed up unexpectedly, so I didn't need to go."

"Emilio, why did Atticus mention this to you?"

Atticus was usually very tight-lipped and didn't like gossip. Why would he tell Emilio, the vice president, about her plans?

"It's not what you think. I asked Mr. Atticus Wilson about you, and he mentioned it in passing."

"You know, with you away, Mr. Atticus Wilson has been managing the company, so we've had many opportunities to meet."

Emilio explained tactfully.

"Mr. Atticus Wilson mentioned you wanted to visit Auroria. I was thinking of calling you later to show you the scenery there via video."

"Maybe another time. There will be other opportunities."

Isabella chuckled but didn't elaborate.

If Emilio knew she was going to Auroria despite the danger, would he still want to see the scenery through her phone?

But since Michael had given her Bianca's location, she had to go and catch Bianca.

"Last time we met, you mentioned you were bored at home. The company just finished a big project, and I have a few days off. How about you show me around Evergreen City?"

"You know, I haven't been back in a long time and don't know the fun spots here."

Emilio's question seemed casual, but only he knew how nervous he was.

When both Atticus and Holden expressed their approval of him, he was thrilled.

With the support of the Wilson Family, he had to seize this opportunity to convey his feelings to Isabella.

"Fun spots around Evergreen City? Honestly, I'm not too familiar with them."

She hadn't explored much herself and couldn't think of any places off the top of her head.

Seeing Isabella about to refuse, Olivia quickly grabbed her and shook her head.

Isabella realized Emilio's good intentions. Wouldn't it be too harsh to reject him now?

After all, he was the vice president she had hired, working hard for the company. He finally had a few days off and was still thinking of her. She couldn't just turn him down.

"Well, I remember there's a Graceful Haven Church in Evergreen City that's been popular online recently. It's built on a hillside with great views. How about I take you there?"

Isabella was just making a suggestion.

She wasn't familiar with the local attractions and didn't go out much.

To her surprise, Emilio agreed immediately, "Sure, any place you pick will be great. I'm free these days. When do you want to go?"

Emilio didn't mind Isabella's past marriage. In fact, he was glad she was divorced. Otherwise, he might never have had the chance to get close to her or dream of a future together.

As long as Isabella accepted him, he would be the happiest man in the world.

"How about tomorrow? My friend is here too, so we can all go together. It'll be nice to have company."

Isabella smiled and pulled Olivia into the plan.

The moment she finished speaking, both Emilio on the phone and Olivia beside her fell silent.

Emilio had hoped to develop his relationship with Isabella, not expecting a "good friend" to join.

Olivia's eyes widened. She waved her hands and shook her head at Isabella, her face clearly saying, "No way!" She almost spoke out loud.

Anyone could see Emilio's feelings for Isabella.

Isabella was single, and after being hurt by Michael for so long, she needed someone to comfort her.

If Emilio and Isabella spent more time together, they might develop a beautiful relationship. If Olivia went along, she'd just be the awkward third wheel.

She didn't want that!

But the next second, Isabella sent Olivia a pleading look.

Olivia was speechless.

So Isabella knew Emilio's intentions but was too embarrassed to refuse him.

All Olivia's plans went out the window.

She had heard about Emilio from Isabella. He was just as good-looking, capable, and well-off as Michael. Why couldn't Isabella give him a chance?

Who knew, she might fall for him. Love was unpredictable.

Olivia decided to give Emilio another chance. She cleared her throat and said, "Emilio, I'm not much of an outdoor person. How about you and Isabella go alone?"

She had made it clear. Emilio, a grown man, couldn't pretend not to understand, right?

Isabella's brow furrowed.

But Emilio just chuckled, "Olivia, don't be so shy. Since Isabella and I are old friends, that makes you my friend too. It'd be nice to have you along."

Olivia's mouth twitched.

Fine.

If both Emilio and Isabella insisted on her presence, what was she afraid of?

Olivia gritted her teeth, "Alright, I'll go!"

After hanging up, Isabella quickly apologized to Olivia, "Olivia, don't be mad. I didn't mean to put you on the spot. It's just that if you don't go, Emilio and I will feel awkward."

Olivia huffed, thinking, 'I'm the one who'll feel the most awkward.'

But she realized Isabella wasn't interested in Emilio. If she had no feelings for him, it was better to keep a distance.

"Just this once. Don't use me as a shield again."

"Absolutely, Olivia. You're the best."

###chapter 411 Switched

Isabella was still busy composing, so Olivia didn't want to disturb her and left shortly after.

As soon as the door closed, Isabella picked up her phone and called Atticus.

She had agreed to go out with Emilio, but now she had a different idea.

She had been wanting to set up Olivia and Atticus for a while.

But Atticus seemed to be avoiding her on purpose. It had been two or three days since he last came home. Matters of the heart required mutual willingness, and him avoiding her like this wasn't going to help.

So, she needed to create some noise to help Olivia out.

The phone connected, and Atticus's deep, magnetic voice came through, "Isabella?"

"Hey, Uncle Atticus. Emilio invited me to go to Graceful Haven Church tomorrow to relax. Thought you should know."

Isabella was always a free spirit, so it was surprising that she would call about something so trivial. Atticus was taken aback.

But he also found it considerate.

Since Isabella married Michael three years ago, she hadn't been this close to him.

"That's fine. I'm cool with you going with Emilio, but be careful. Take a bodyguard with you, don't come back too late, and definitely don't stay out overnight."

Atticus knew Emilio would make a move, so he wasn't surprised.

But he was still cautious about Isabella's safety.

Even though Emilio was someone both he and Holden approved of, men were still men. He didn't want Isabella to suffer any grievances or be taken advantage of by Emilio.

Hearing Atticus's advice, Isabella couldn't help but laugh.

"Atticus, what are you thinking? We're just going for a walk nearby."

Isabella deliberately hesitated, waiting for Atticus to take the bait.

Sure enough, Atticus quickly asked, "But what? Why are you only saying half of it?"

Isabella cleared her throat, trying not to make her intentions too obvious. "Atticus, I see you've been very busy lately and haven't had time to come home. Why don't you take a break and come out with us? Just to keep me company."

"You want me to keep you company? No problem. But isn't tomorrow already planned with Emilio? How about I join you another day?"

Atticus knew Emilio's intentions. Since Emilio had already set the time, it wouldn't be appropriate for him to tag along as an elder.

"No, it has to be tomorrow!"

Isabella quickly changed her tone to avoid suspicion. "Uncle Atticus, I just want you to be with me tomorrow. Please, I feel safe with you around."

After hearing her plea, Atticus couldn't refuse.

"Alright, if you want me to be there, I'll go with you."

Atticus had already thought of a plan.

At worst, he would drop Isabella off and leave early.

"Deal. Uncle Atticus, I'll wait for you at home tomorrow."

Hanging up the phone, Isabella smiled triumphantly.

This time, she was sure she could set up Atticus and Olivia.

At the Brown Group, Michael stood in his office, looking out at the sunset pouring into the room, feeling a deep sense of loneliness.

At this time, he should be heading home like everyone else, enjoying the company of his family. Or preparing dinner with his wife, chatting about trivial matters.

But he had none of that.

He was alone.

The Brown Villa had Aiden and Stella's nagging, which he couldn't stand.

His other residences were dark and lifeless, so he didn't bother going there.

As for his and Isabella's marital home at Elysian Heights Estate, he didn't have the courage to step foot in it.

So, his only refuge was the office. It was the only place that gave him peace.

He walked to his desk, knowing that work was the only thing that could temporarily distract him from his troubles.

At ten o'clock, Michael called Aaron internationally, timing it perfectly.

Aaron and Renee should have arrived by now.

If it weren't urgent, he wouldn't have called Aaron at this hour.

As soon as the call connected, Michael got straight to the point. "Aaron, did you thoroughly review the contract proposal from Auroria?"

Aaron was taken aback but quickly responded, "Mr. Brown, I checked every clause carefully before signing and sending it to the local government for notarization. Is there a problem?"

Michael's eyes narrowed.

This meant the document in his hand wasn't sent from abroad but had been swapped beforehand.

But he couldn't determine if the switch happened in Auroria or domestically.

Michael couldn't immediately pinpoint the source of the error.

Fortunately, Aaron was in Auroria.

And as the project lead, Aaron knew the contract details better than Michael and could investigate locally.

"There's an issue. I can't explain over the phone. I'll send you a copy, and you'll understand."

Michael hung up and sent the document.

Aaron, at a nearby hotel, opened Michael's email on his laptop.

Given the seriousness, he reviewed every page meticulously.

The more he read, the more his back chilled.

Thankfully, Michael hadn't impulsively signed it.

If he had, the company would have suffered a huge loss.

How could the local government resort to such underhanded tactics?

During negotiations, every term was clearly discussed, especially the financial aspects. Both sides had repeatedly confirmed the contract details.

How dare they falsify the contract?

Did they think they didn't understand the law and could be easily deceived?

Renee, exhausted from a nearly ten-hour flight, was resting. Aaron, not wanting to disturb her, took his phone to the balcony.

He called Michael.

He intended to clarify the situation and discuss solutions.

Michael, waiting for the call, answered immediately. "Aaron, how do you explain this?"

The Auroria project had been Aaron's responsibility from the start. Now, with a contract issue, he couldn't escape accountability.

Aaron understood this and sought Michael's advice.

"Mr. Brown, I won't shirk my responsibility. But please trust me. The contract I saw was definitely not this one."

###chapter 412 A Huge Net

"Alright, so what's the plan now?"

Michael wasn't just looking to point fingers; the priority was to fix the mess.

Aaron quickly replied, "I'll head over to the local government office that handled the stamping. I'll check if they made a mistake or if someone's trying to screw us over."

"Don't worry, I'll let you know as soon as I find out anything."

"Good. Be careful with this. Whatever you do, don't go at it alone."

Michael was worried Aaron might act rashly and get into trouble.

"I got it. I'll keep you updated."

With that, Aaron hung up.

Michael put down his phone, sinking deep into thought.

The Adri Family had willingly given up this project. Why would the local government in Auroria pull something like this?

The Brown Group had been a top company in the country for years, with enough experience to not fall for a fake contract.

Such documents would be scrutinized upon arrival in the country, leading to interception, investigation, and eventually uncovering the truth. This would only delay the project, and mining operations couldn't start just anytime; they required strict timing and professional surveys.

What were these people after?

Michael couldn't figure it out. He decided to take the fake document out of the safe and look for clues.

Starting from the first page, he meticulously reviewed every detail.

When he reached the last page, he noticed something odd in the signature section.

He touched it and felt the embossed stamp.

But he hadn't signed or stamped it. How could there be such an imprint?

Suddenly, something clicked in Michael's mind.

He knew what the other party was up to!

Michael, furious, slammed the document onto the table.

He had been played!

The contract was in duplicate. After noticing something was off, he had one copy sent back for redrafting.

But it seemed someone had tampered with the blank document sent back in his absence.

The last page of the contract had the mine manager's signature and the local government's stamp in the "Party A" section.

In the "Party B" section, his name was blank, but there were traces of a stamp.

This meant someone had forged his signature and stamped the company's seal!

This made the contract legally binding. He had no choice but to accept the loss.

Damn it! He hadn't considered this possibility.

Meanwhile, Aaron, who was in Auroria to negotiate with local officials, received an urgent call from Michael.

He had to pause his conversation and find a quiet place to answer.

"Mr. Brown."

"Aaron, you don't need to investigate anymore!"

"What?"

Aaron was stunned, thinking Michael was joking. He cautiously said, "Mr. Brown, this is no time for jokes. You know how much effort we've put into this mine. The capital investment alone is over a billion dollars. If there's a problem with the contract, it's a big deal."

Aaron's rebuttal was understandable. He was in charge of the project in Auroria.

If something went wrong, Aaron would be held accountable, but as the CEO of the Brown Group, Michael would bear the ultimate responsibility.

Moreover, once the project started, the Brown Group would need to allocate 70% of its liquid assets to support it.

If a problem arose now, not only would their preparations and efforts be wasted, but the Brown Group's funds could also be restricted due to cross-border issues.

Such a significant portion of funds being tied up would be dangerous, even for a large group like the Brown Group.

If the funds were frozen, they could face predatory competitors.

This would also harm the Brown Group's reputation and future development.

But Michael was telling him to stop. Aaron was baffled.

Michael's voice deepened, "You heard me right. There's no need to investigate further. I found the reason!"

Although the implications were significant, he had no doubt about the other person's ambition.

To achieve this outcome, that person had personally intervened to make Michael believe in the project's credibility.

In hindsight, the scheme likely began when Michael decided to enter Auroria's mining industry. He had been targeted from the start.

The Adri Family had the strength to remain standing for over a century.

Initially, the Adri Family stayed quiet, even using internal conflicts to make Michael lower his guard, thinking he could dominate the mining sector.

Once the project started, it wouldn't be easy to withdraw. The initial investment was too significant for Michael to give up.

The Adri Family exploited this, leading Michael into their trap step by step.

They never intended to let go of Auroria's largest mine.

So, when Michael considered giving up, they panicked.

The Adri Family used various means to make him believe victory was within reach, just a bit more effort needed.

Whether it was internal family strife or Earl personally showing sincerity to take Bianca away, it was all a grand illusion. A web spun for Michael.

How could he have believed Earl, a survivor of such family battles, was a man of deep feelings?

Once Aaron received the project proposal, the Adri Family's plan was set in motion.

Now, the document in Michael's hand was fake but stamped by the local government.

This meant the Adri Family had colluded with the local government.

No matter who Aaron approached, he wouldn't find the truth.

Michael's signature wasn't their concern. As long as the contract was sent back, someone in the country could forge his signature and stamp the Brown Group's seal. This made the document legally binding, trapping the Brown Group.

Realizing this, Michael was relieved the Adri Family targeted the Brown Group first, not the Wilson Family. Otherwise, it would be Isabella losing sleep.

Her health was too fragile to handle this.

But his situation wasn't much better.

He had to intercept the contract before it reached Auroria.

If the contract landed in the local government's hands, there would be no turning back.

###chapter 413 Unexpected Situation

Michael had never felt so clear-headed.

The Brown Group had someone from the Adri Family within its ranks. Given the current situation, this person was either lurking close to him or already held a high position in the company. Otherwise, they wouldn't have been able to sneak into his office, forge his signature, and use his stamp without a trace.

But there was one thing he couldn't figure out. Apart from Aaron, he didn't trust anyone else around him.

And Aaron would never do something like this. He had no reason to harm the company or his own interests.

So, the only person who could enter his office and access the safe was someone close to him.

Recently, with Aaron being away, he had promoted a new assistant, Ruby Hill.

His suspicion wasn't without reason.

There weren't many people in the company who could enter his office, but recently, due to various contract signings, only Ruby knew where he kept the key to the safe.

If his hunch was correct, the problem lay with her.

As for how the Adri Family had bribed her to frame him, that was a matter for later.

Right now, he needed to find evidence and expose the mole.

The next morning, Ruby arrived at the office as usual and brought Michael's schedule for the day.

She knocked on the door and found that Michael seemed to have stayed overnight, still in his suit, asleep in his chair.

"Mr. Brown, did you not go home last night?"

Hearing her voice, Michael opened his eyes. Seeing her, a glint of sharpness flashed in his eyes.

But he didn't show anything on his face.

He just rubbed his temples and asked, "What's up?"

Ruby carefully placed the documents on the desk. "This is your schedule for today. The department head asked me to bring it to you for review."

"Okay."

Michael glanced at it and suddenly thought of something. He gave an order.

"I have something to do at noon and will be out of the office. Cancel all my morning appointments. Also," he pointed to the documents on the desk, "print these out and notify everyone that there will be a senior management meeting at 2 PM."

"Yes, Mr. Brown."

Ruby took the documents without showing any unusual expression.

But Michael had already set a trap.

The documents Ruby took were prepared in advance, with all information about Auroria deliberately removed, leaving only some cooperation terms. If she was indeed the Adri Family's mole, she would react to this information.

Meanwhile, at the Wilson Family residence.

Isabella woke up early because she had plans to go out with Emilio.

When she went downstairs, she didn't wake her friend Olivia, who was sleeping in the next room. Instead, she quietly went to the first floor.

Cinda, knowing they were going out today, was already making breakfast.

Seeing Isabella up so early, Cinda offered her some food.

Isabella sat at the dining table, quietly eating the sandwich Cinda had made, but her mind was on Atticus and Olivia's relationship.

Yes, she had brought Olivia along to create an opportunity for her and Atticus to meet.

Even if they didn't talk, they couldn't avoid each other once they met.

However, she felt a bit guilty towards Emilio. After all, it was his idea to go out, but she was using it to set up Atticus and Olivia.

Thinking of this, Isabella called Emilio.

Emilio was already on his way and was pleasantly surprised to receive her call. "Hey, Isabella! What's up?"

Feeling a bit embarrassed, Isabella's heart softened at Emilio's cheerful tone.

"Emilio, I need to tell you something, but promise you won't get mad."

Emilio's heart sank, but his first thought was whether Isabella was feeling unwell.

"Okay, tell me. I won't get mad."

He blamed himself for being too eager. Isabella had just been discharged from the hospital and needed to recuperate. How could he invite her to go hiking?

"I agreed to go out with you today, but something came up, and we might have to leave a bit later. Is that okay?"

Emilio was momentarily stunned, then blurted out, "You still want to go out with me?"

Realizing he might have misunderstood, Isabella quickly explained, "Of course, I do. It's just a minor issue, but I won't cancel our plans."

"Of course, that's fine!"

Hearing that she was only delaying and not canceling, Emilio couldn't hide his joy. "As long as you want to go out, I'm available anytime."

"But, is the issue serious? If I can help, I'd be happy to."

Emilio didn't want Isabella to think he was meddling, so he asked cautiously.

But he didn't know that Isabella was actually in need of help. Having Emilio as an ally was a relief for her!

"That's great. I do need help."

After hanging up, Emilio sped up to the Wilson Family residence. When he arrived, he found Isabella waiting outside.

As he was about to get out of the car, Isabella quickly got in and directed him to park in the garage.

"Sorry, Emilio, but I need to hide you for now. Atticus hasn't arrived yet, and I don't want him to know you're here."

Isabella explained as she directed him.

Emilio didn't mind. In fact, sharing a secret with Isabella made him feel closer to her.

Once the car was parked, they didn't rush to get out.

Isabella explained the situation to him.

"Emilio, I want to use today to help Atticus and my friend Olivia. You know how Atticus is. If no one pushes him, he might never admit he likes someone."

"And my friend Olivia likes Atticus too, but something happened between them, and neither wants to break the ice."

By now, Emilio understood everything.

"The minor issue you mentioned is helping them face their feelings?"

But why today? Emilio didn't ask.

Since Isabella had a plan, she must have her reasons.

"Yes, I think they're perfect for each other, so I have to do this."

"Oh, I almost forgot."

Isabella took out her phone and showed Emilio a photo of her and Olivia. "I remember you don't follow celebrities much, so you might not know what Olivia looks like."

Emilio looked at the photo of Isabella and Olivia, but his eyes were drawn to Isabella's bright, smiling face.

So, this was how happy she was with her friends.

###chapter 414  The Strategy of Provocation

"Hey, what do you think?"

Isabella leaned in close, batting her eyes. "Emilio, don't you think my friend and Atticus would make a great couple? Seriously, their personalities just click."

"I bet Atticus would be over the moon if he married Olivia."

Emilio was completely captivated by her proximity.

In the quiet, enclosed garage, they were sitting so close that Isabella's breath was right next to him.

It felt like he could just reach out and pull her into his arms.

Emilio swallowed hard, his hand itching to touch her shoulder. Just a little closer, and he could kiss her.

And he did just that.

As he inched closer to the woman he adored, a sudden ringtone shattered the moment.

Isabella jerked her head up at the sound, realizing just how close she and Emilio had gotten.

They had almost touched faces.

She hadn't noticed before, but this distance between her and Emilio seemed a bit too intimate.

The phone kept ringing, and Isabella realized the sound was coming from Emilio's clothes. She kindly reminded him.

"Emilio, your phone's ringing. Aren't you gonna answer it?"

"Oh, okay."

Emilio's eyes darkened as he pulled out his phone and answered it.

It seemed to be work-related, as Isabella noticed his tone suddenly became much more serious.

Not wanting to disturb him, Isabella got out of the car. Before leaving, she gestured to Emilio to wait there and that they would contact each other by phone.

Emilio nodded slightly, unable to speak.

Isabella walked into the hall alone, waiting for Atticus to arrive.

As the time approached, she stepped outside to check, and soon heard the sound of a car engine turning off. It was Atticus.

"Isabella, why are you up so early?"

Atticus, dressed in a long black coat that made him look even taller and more imposing, felt a wave of tenderness seeing Isabella in her casual clothes waiting for him at the door.

He couldn't resist reaching out to pat her head.

Isabella smiled and said playfully, "I'm not just waiting for you, Uncle Atticus. Olivia is coming too. I'm waiting for her to wake up."

"Olivia?"

Atticus frowned slightly. "Wasn't today supposed to be just you and Emilio? Why bring her along?"

As her elder, it was already awkward enough for him to accompany her. Adding Olivia to the mix would leave no private space for Isabella and Emilio.

"Olivia came to keep me company. I can't just leave her at home alone, that would be too mean."

Isabella spoke earnestly while secretly observing Atticus's reaction.

She wanted to see how long Atticus could hold out.

Atticus sighed helplessly. He had thought Isabella agreeing to Emilio's date request was a step forward. Who knew she would bring Olivia along?

"Isabella, I don't believe you can't see that Emilio has feelings for you."

"I know."

Isabella interrupted Atticus, her face calm.

Atticus was stunned. So she knew all along.

Before he could say anything, Isabella shared her thoughts. "Uncle Atticus, Emilio and I have known each other since we were kids. How could I not know what he's thinking?"

"If it were before, I might have considered it. But now, I just want to live my life. I'm not ready to jump into another relationship so soon. Besides, Emilio is amazing in every way. He deserves someone better, not someone like me with a past marriage."

She and Emilio were no longer a good match.

Atticus couldn't believe that ending an imperfect marriage had made Isabella feel so insecure.

As the eldest daughter of the Wilson family and the heir to the group, how could she think she wasn't good enough for any man?

Even if she was divorced, so what?

In his eyes, Isabella was the best in the world.

"Isabella, how could you think that way?"

Atticus frowned deeply. "You're the princess of the Wilson family, the apple of our eye. Not to mention our family's power and influence in Evergreen City, you yourself are a shining star. Emilio is just one man. How could you not be good enough for him?"

The more Atticus spoke, the angrier he got.

It was all Michael's fault.

If Michael had cherished Isabella and not hurt her, how could the Wilson family's esteemed daughter have such low self-esteem?

His Isabella used to be a dazzling princess, excelling in business and management, achieving success in every hobby she pursued.

How could such an outstanding person have these thoughts?

That damned Michael. What had he done to Isabella over the past three years?

They must get divorced!

Isabella must not have any ties to that scumbag Michael.

Thinking of this, Atticus remembered Thomas, who was handling Isabella's divorce papers. What was taking him so long?

Thomas was usually efficient when working on Sterling Avenue.

Isabella needed to be truly divorced from Michael to move on and accept new people.

If this dragged on, Isabella would be stuck in this dead-end marriage.

Determined, Atticus took out his phone to call Thomas and ask about the situation.

Isabella stopped him.

"Atticus, don't rush. I haven't finished talking."

"Just because Emilio and I aren't possible doesn't mean others aren't. Atticus, what do you think of Olivia? She's the right age for Emilio, and their families are well-matched in status and background."

"I remember Emilio likes girls with personality. Olivia has been in the entertainment industry for years and has made a name for herself. She's excellent at both singing and acting. What do you think about me introducing Olivia to Emilio?"

Isabella blinked at Atticus, her eyes full of "sincerity."

She wanted to see how long Atticus could keep his cool.

He liked Olivia but wouldn't say a word.

Today, she would try to provoke him. She didn't believe Atticus would have no reaction.

"Olivia and Emilio?"

Just putting their names together made Atticus frown deeply.

Olivia had always claimed to like him. How could she switch so quickly?

Even though he knew Olivia and Emilio wouldn't end up together, the thought of Olivia possibly dating, marrying, or even having children with another man was hard for Atticus to accept.

Isabella watched Atticus's reaction closely but said nothing.

She waited quietly for him to speak.

###chapter 415  Wake Up Olivia

Atticus, having seen a lot in his life, quickly composed himself and spoke seriously to Isabella.

"Isabella, I get that you're trying to look out for them, but have you thought about Emilio? He likes you, and now you're trying to set him up with someone else. How do you think that makes him feel?"

"Plus, Emilio's never cared about your past. He likes you for who you are. My advice? Either be honest with him or let him down gently, but don't hurt him like this."

From Atticus's perspective, Emilio was the guy they, as uncles, had carefully chosen for Isabella. He was the best match for her and could make her happy.

But now Isabella wanted to push him away and even introduce her best friend Olivia to Emilio? This left him puzzled.

"Atticus, I've told you, Emilio and I are just good friends. We can't be lovers," Isabella said, realizing halfway through that she was getting caught up in Atticus's words.

She wasn't saying this to get Atticus to match her with Emilio but to see his reaction to Olivia being with someone else.

Atticus, a former special forces soldier, had an impressive counter-surveillance ability that was always at work in his mind.

Since that was the case, she decided to add more fuel to the fire.

"Uncle Atticus, it's not that I'm trying to match Olivia with Emilio. Olivia recently confided in me that she's been in love with someone for a long time, but no matter what she does, that person doesn't like her. So, she feels all her efforts over the years have been in vain and plans to give up."

"And considering Olivia's qualities-she's beautiful, comes from a good family-finding a boyfriend should be easy. So, I thought of introducing her to Emilio. After all, we're all familiar with each other, making it easier to get along."

Hearing this, Atticus's expression became complicated.

But Isabella pretended not to notice and whispered in his ear, "Uncle Atticus, I'm only telling you this. You can't tell anyone else, and you can't interfere with my matchmaking. If it doesn't work out, so be it."

"However, I still hope they can become a couple. That way, I would be their matchmaker, indirectly creating a beautiful thing. Our Wilson Family could also share in the joy."

Atticus remained expressionless. "What does their relationship have to do with our Wilson Family?"

Isabella explained earnestly, "Of course, it have. Think about it. One is my good friend, and the other is the vice president of the Wilson Family. If they get married, as the eldest son of the Wilson Family, you would not only have to attend the wedding but also prepare a grand gift for them!"

Perhaps the image was too impactful. Atticus couldn't help but imagine Olivia in a white wedding dress standing next to another man. She would walk up to that sacred place, hand in hand with someone else, and they would kiss with their eyes closed.

And he would have to watch all this happen, even personally prepare a gift and hand it over?

No way!

He wouldn't allow it.

Atticus's self-control, which he prided himself on, was visibly collapsing, replaced by inexplicable anger and jealousy.

Why should Olivia just give up and walk away? Why should she say no and mean it?

He was a living person, not some object.

Wasn't it her who once told him she would love him forever, that she couldn't possibly have feelings for anyone else?

What now? Did she regret it?

Or had she stopped liking him?

Whatever it was, he wouldn't let her throw away their relationship like it was nothing.

Isabella calmly took a sip of water, noticing Atticus's clenched fists under the table, and couldn't help but want to laugh.

She knew Atticus couldn't possibly have no feelings for Olivia.

He had just been suppressing it for too long, always finding reasons not to believe in the longevity of their feelings.

But what he didn't realize was that the more he thought about it, the deeper he got entangled, and the more firmly this feeling took root in his heart.

Even if Olivia wanted to escape, Atticus wouldn't truly let go.

This was a man's possessiveness.

Seeing this side of Atticus made her feel that her efforts hadn't been in vain.

Having gathered the information, Isabella quietly took out her phone and sent a message to Emilio.

The next second, her phone rang.

Isabella cleared her throat and deliberately said loudly, "Emilio, you're here. Okay, wait for me, I'll be right out."

Hanging up, Isabella got up to leave, casually reminding Atticus, "Uncle Atticus, Emilio is outside. I don't have time to wake Olivia. Can you help me out?"

"Me?"

"Please, Uncle Atticus."

With a pleading look, Isabella quickly ran out, not giving Atticus a chance to refuse.

She had worked hard to create this alone time for Olivia and Atticus. There was no way she would let Atticus "escape."

Watching Isabella disappear, Atticus sighed helplessly.

He had no choice but to head upstairs.

As he approached the room, he kept giving himself a pep talk.

He was just waking Olivia up, nothing more. There was nothing to be embarrassed about.

He had woken Isabella up many times before.

Thinking this, he felt less awkward.

Meanwhile, Isabella met Emilio outside. She waved him over, and he nodded, joining her.

Isabella led him to a hidden spot in the living room.

Emilio, understanding, also hid himself.

They peeked towards the hall, seeing Atticus already on the stairs, soon disappearing from view.

Isabella's eyes sparkled as she turned to Emilio, "Emilio, want to see something more interesting?"

Atticus going upstairs to find Olivia had piqued Isabella's curiosity.

She really wanted to see Olivia's reaction when she woke up to find the serious Atticus standing in front of her. It would be quite a sight.

Emilio saw the mischievous look on Isabella's face and knew she was up to no good.

But Atticus was the eldest son of the Wilson Family and his current boss.

Spying on his boss's private life was inappropriate.

And he hadn't forgotten what Atticus used to do. If caught, he'd be in real trouble.

"Isabella, it's their private matter. Even if we go, we can't help. If we're discovered, it would just make them uncomfortable."

###chapter 416 I Am Here For You

Isabella tried to resist, but her curiosity got the best of her.

After all, it was Atticus and her best friend Olivia. Who knew what kind of juicy gossip might be happening?

"But I really want to-"

Before Isabella could finish her sentence, a warm hand covered her eyes.

The next second, Emilio's voice came from above her, gentle and soothing like he was calming a child.

"Alright, stop being so nosy. Mr. Atticus Wilson is your elder. What if we see something we shouldn't? How will you face him later?"

"So, the best thing to do is not to look, not to think about it, and just wait for them to come down."

Emilio had a point.

But Isabella wasn't worried about Atticus; she was worried about Olivia. If Olivia saw them, she would definitely run away in embarrassment.

She didn't want to waste this carefully prepared opportunity.

"Fine, I'll listen to you."

Emilio chuckled softly.

It was the first time he had seen her so obedient.

He wanted to hold her in his arms and never let go.

"Emilio."

The hand covering her eyes didn't move, and Isabella called out to him, puzzled.

But the next second, she felt something was off. Emilio seemed very close, so close she could feel his warmth on her back, as if they were about to embrace.

His warm breath fell on her head, making Isabella's heart race.

She knew Emilio's feelings.

His ambiguous actions were inappropriate.

So, she instinctively pulled away, avoiding Emilio's hand and his approaching body.

Emilio's eyes flashed with surprise. Just as he was about to explain, Isabella interrupted him, "Let's go. Weren't we heading to Graceful Haven Church?"

"Now? Aren't we waiting for Mr. Atticus Wilson and your friend?"

Emilio pointed inside, but his eyes also showed a hint of joy.

After all, he preferred spending time alone with Isabella.

Isabella smiled, "I was planning to wait for them, but now I think they need some alone time. If we stay, they'll feel awkward. Let's give them some space and go ahead."

She had only used Emilio and Olivia's situation to push Atticus. Now that it was done and there was no gossip to see, there was no point in staying.

She believed that once Atticus realized his feelings, he wouldn't push Olivia away.

They both had feelings for each other; it was just a matter of who confessed first.

It seemed the time was right.

"Alright, let's go."

Emilio smiled, wanting to hold Isabella's hand but thinking it was too soon, so he gestured for her to go ahead.

Following behind Isabella, his gaze deepened.

When he covered her eyes, she didn't seem to mind. Did that mean she could accept him?

Maybe they could be together.

Isabella didn't see the intense love and determination in Emilio's eyes. She pointed towards the garage.

"Emilio, I'll ride with you. On the way back, I'll go with Atticus."

The drive to the scenic spot wasn't short, and Isabella didn't want to drive another car.

Besides, Atticus and Olivia would be heading there soon.

"Of course."

Emilio was more than happy to ride with Isabella. How could he refuse?

They got into the car, set the GPS, and drove away from the Wilson Family estate.

Meanwhile, on the second floor of the Wilson Family house, Atticus had been hesitating outside the door for nearly five minutes.

Even though he had mentally prepared himself while coming upstairs, he still felt inexplicably nervous when it came time to knock on Olivia's door.

He didn't even know why he was nervous.

Usually, when he and Olivia met, she was the one who got nervous and scared.

If it didn't work out, he could just call her from outside.

After all, Isabella had asked him to wake Olivia up. Whether he did it from outside or inside the room, as long as she woke up, it was fine.

Atticus pursed his lips, not realizing how out of character his actions were.

Just as he raised his hand to knock, the door opened on its own.

Atticus stood there, facing a shocked Olivia.

"Atticus. What are you doing here?"

Olivia always called him by his first name, giving her a sense of equality with him, rather than the feeling of being a junior by over a decade.

Wasn't he supposed to be busy with work? Why was he suddenly at home, standing at her door?

Olivia instinctively thought he was looking for Isabella and pointed to the room across the hall, "Isabella's room is over there. You got the wrong room."

Atticus gave her a speechless look.

Was she still half-asleep? This was his house. Of course, he knew where his niece's room was.

He was here for her.

"I'm here to see you!"

"See me?"

Olivia pointed to herself, even more confused. "Why?"

Atticus cleared his throat, trying to hide his embarrassment. "I came to wake you up."

Olivia's eyes widened, thinking she had misheard.

But she quickly understood. It must have been Isabella who sent him.

That made sense. In this house, only Isabella could get Atticus to do something like this.

But she appreciated Isabella's good intentions. She had already made up her mind. Since Atticus didn't want to be with her, there was no point in clinging to him.

She didn't want to end up deeply hurt, watching him marry another woman.

Olivia smiled and looked up at him calmly, "I'm already ready. Isabella must be waiting downstairs. I should go to her, Mr. Wilson."

The term "Mr. Wilson" created a clear distance between them.

Atticus's expression changed instantly.

If Olivia had called him that before, he would have been relieved, thinking she had finally given up on their unrealistic relationship.

But ever since Isabella mentioned Olivia and Emilio being together, he couldn't stop imagining her with another man.

The term "Mr. Wilson" now sounded harsh.

Especially seeing Olivia's outfit, his brows furrowed deeply.

A white, elegant top paired with a warm-toned skirt made her look adorable and charming, different from her usual playful self.

Not only were her clothes unusual, but her makeup also showed how much she valued this date.

Did she really like Emilio?

But no matter what, he couldn't lose his composure.

"Let's go downstairs together."

###chapter 417  Are You Going Too?

The living room was already empty; Isabella and Emilio were nowhere to be seen.

Atticus didn't think much of it, assuming they were outside talking. He suggested Olivia have some breakfast while they waited for Isabella and Emilio to return.

But even after Olivia finished her breakfast, there was still no sign of them.

Atticus began to sense something was off.

Isabella had gone to the door to get Emilio in; it shouldn't have taken this long.

Olivia, unaware of what was happening, sat quietly on the couch, waiting for Atticus to speak. Having him by her side made her feel at ease.

"Mr. Wilson, are you coming with us too?" Olivia asked, her tone carrying a hint of anticipation she didn't even realize.

Originally, Isabella had asked her to accompany her today, and Olivia had already planned her strategy. She had dressed differently than usual, intending to find an excuse to slip away once they arrived at their destination. This way, she could give Isabella an explanation.

But if Atticus was coming along, she didn't mind. It wouldn't be just the two of them, and she could still be near him. Such opportunities were rare.

Ever since he had turned down her confession, it had been difficult to see him. Even though she had been staying at the Wilson family home for a few days, today was the first time she had seen him.

Hearing Olivia's question, Atticus mistakenly thought she didn't want him to come.

But he had promised Isabella, and he couldn't go back on his word. He responded softly, "Yeah, I agreed with Isabella yesterday. But once we get there, you don't have to worry about me. I'll just wander around."

As soon as Atticus finished speaking, his eyes met Olivia's. Their suppressed emotions made them both uneasy.

Olivia's gaze was direct and intense.

Atticus quickly looked away, just as he had before.

He didn't mind having a relationship, but it couldn't be with a girl ten years younger than him, especially one who had been friends with his niece since childhood. It was too absurd for him.

But he also didn't want her to end up with Emilio.

Emilio was someone he had chosen to introduce to Isabella. If Olivia got involved, things would become too complicated.

Seeing Atticus turn away coldly, Olivia felt a pang in her heart.

She lowered her head, hiding her emotions.

Olivia, haven't you learned from the repeated hurt? Stop chasing after the impossible. You've endured enough humiliation.

The atmosphere grew quiet, and neither of them looked at the other.

Just then, Cinda came out of the kitchen, looking puzzled to see Atticus and Olivia in the living room.

"Mr. Wilson, Ms. Smith, are you waiting for Ms. Taylor?"

"Yeah," Atticus nodded.

He had no idea what Isabella and Emilio were up to, but they had been gone for a while.

"Cinda, where did Isabella go? We were supposed to go out today. Why isn't she home?" Olivia asked, looking at the empty living room. She had seen Isabella's room door closed earlier, so where could she have gone?

"Ms. Taylor and Mr. Blair have already left. Didn't you know?" Cinda replied, looking surprised.

She handed Atticus a prepared lunchbox. "Mr. Wilson, Ms. Taylor asked me to prepare some fruit and snacks for you and Ms. Smith to take with you."

Seeing the large bag of food, Atticus had to accept that Isabella had indeed left.

He had been waiting at home for nothing.

Isabella and Emilio had already taken off!

If they had already left, there was no need for him to go. But looking at the food, he realized Isabella had anticipated he might not go and had left these for him and Olivia.

He turned to Olivia, who was sitting on the couch, and asked, "Do you still want to go?"

As soon as he asked, he regretted it.

If Olivia had feelings for Emilio, today would be their first date. She had dressed up so nicely; how could she not want to go?

Olivia was taken aback. She subconsciously thought Atticus didn't want to take her.

But she had promised Isabella, and she couldn't let her down. Even if she planned to leave, she needed to assess the situation first.

"Mr. Wilson, if you're busy, you don't have to worry about me. I can go by myself," Olivia said, standing up and reaching for the bag in Atticus's hand. "I'll take these. Isabella can't handle outside food well, so Cinda prepared these for her."

Olivia's words made Atticus feel a bit embarrassed.

That wasn't what he meant.

She was a guest; how could he let her do this alone? He had time to take her.

Besides, if he didn't go, Isabella would have something to say about it later.

As Olivia reached for the bag, Atticus tightened his grip. "I'm free today. I'll take you. Let's go."

With that, Atticus walked out, leaving Olivia standing there, stunned.

He said he would take her?

Atticus's car was parked in the yard. Olivia instinctively reached for the front passenger door but then hesitated and stepped back, intending to sit in the back.

After all, they were just friends now. She had no reason to cling to him.

As she opened the door, Atticus's deep voice came from the front, "Do you really see me as your driver? Sit in the front."

"Huh?"

Olivia paused, and Atticus repeated himself. She then closed the door and sat in the front passenger seat.

As the car started, Olivia looked at Atticus's stern profile and couldn't help but say, "You really don't have to take me. The family bodyguard could have taken me. I know you don't want to go."

Atticus frowned slightly, his hands on the steering wheel, but he couldn't help glancing at her.

He rarely explained himself, but he did this time. "It's not that I don't want to go. I promised Isabella I would, so you don't have to feel burdened."

"Oh, I see. Okay then," Olivia nodded.

She thought Atticus was worried about Emilio taking advantage of Isabella, which was why he insisted on going.

The car soon reached the main road, and they both fell silent.

Olivia had always been the one to initiate conversations, but now she didn't want to anymore.

Atticus was naturally reserved, so they remained quiet.

Until the car made a strange noise at a corner.

Atticus sensed something was wrong and quickly pulled over.

Olivia, startled, looked at Atticus. "What happened? Why stop?"

Atticus frowned, unbuckled his seatbelt, and opened the door. "Stay in the car. I'll check it out."

###chapter 418 The Car Broke Down

As soon as Atticus stepped out of the car, he knew something was wrong. The engine was acting up, and white smoke was pouring out. It was clear the car wasn't going anywhere.

This was odd.

His car was always kept in top shape by professionals and had never had any issues before.

What was going on today?

To make matters worse, the car had broken down in the middle of nowhere. If they were closer to Graceful Haven Church, Atticus could have asked Olivia to walk the rest of the way.

Now, stranded on a deserted road, he had no choice but to call for his bodyguards.

Just as he hung up the phone, Atticus turned around to see Olivia, who had somehow gotten out of the car and was now standing beside him.

"Is the car broken?" Olivia asked, having seen the white smoke herself. The atmosphere between them was already awkward, and she felt the need to say something.

"Yeah, it won't start. I've called for help," Atticus replied.

"Guess we'll have to wait here for a bit," Olivia suggested.

In the past, Atticus would have dreaded being alone with Olivia. Her feelings for him had always been so obvious and intense that he couldn't handle it and didn't know how to respond.

So, he had kept his distance, hoping she would eventually see that their relationship wasn't meant to be.

But now, the thought of her giving that love to another man filled him with an inexplicable sense of frustration and discomfort.

And the source of all these feelings was Olivia.

When Atticus realized this, he was shocked.

Olivia, seeing the situation, decided to call Isabella.

"Isabella, it's me. We're on the road, but the car broke down. We have to wait for help, so I don't know how long it will take. You and Emilio go ahead and have fun. We'll join you as soon as the bodyguards arrive."

Although winter had passed, it was still quite cold outside, especially in the countryside.

With no shelter, the cold wind made them shiver.

Despite this, Olivia didn't get back into the car.

She didn't want to.

But the person sitting inside was him. After everything that had happened between them, pretending nothing had changed and going back to being friends was impossible for her.

Moreover, she hadn't completely moved on from Atticus. A few words of conversation were manageable, but being in the same confined space for an extended period would surely reveal her true feelings.

She didn't want to be rejected by him again in that cold, indifferent tone.

But the next moment, Atticus grabbed her wrist and, without a word, pushed her back into the car.

Olivia looked at Atticus, who had also gotten back in, with surprise. Before she could say anything, his deep voice broke the silence.

"It's cold outside. You're not dressed warmly enough, so don't wander around. If you get sick, Isabella will blame me for not taking care of you."

The flicker of emotion that had just risen in Olivia's heart was instantly extinguished.

So, he didn't care about her as a person, only as Isabella's friend.

With the car heater on, Olivia didn't want to talk to him. She turned her head to look out the window and, after a while, couldn't help but ask, "How long until the bodyguards get here?"

Being alone in the car with someone she liked was both sweet and painful for her.

But she didn't want to continue like this.

Atticus had made their relationship clear enough. She was afraid that if she couldn't control her emotions, they wouldn't even be able to remain friends.

Atticus, unaware of what was bothering her, assumed she was just upset about not making it to Graceful Haven Church.

He glanced at his watch. "They've probably just left. It'll take at least thirty minutes for them to get here."

After all, they were quite a distance from the Wilson family estate, and they had been driving for a while.

"Okay," Olivia replied, not knowing what else to say.

For the first time, she felt time dragging on. She was usually the life of the party, never letting things get dull.

But with Atticus, her mind went blank.

No topic seemed to work between them.

Left with no choice, she pretended to sleep.

After all, Atticus wasn't the type to start a conversation. In this strange atmosphere, she might as well take a nap.

But just as she closed her eyes, Atticus's voice broke the silence.

"Are you still tired?"

She had just gotten up not long ago, so Atticus was curious. "Didn't you sleep well last night?"

Ever since he realized he had feelings for Olivia, Atticus couldn't bear to push her away anymore.

Now that it was just the two of them, he didn't want to waste this opportunity.

Olivia usually talked so much that he didn't know how to respond. But now, she didn't even want to say a word to him.

This was unsettling for Atticus.

Olivia kept her eyes closed but finally responded, "Yeah, I didn't sleep well last night, so I want to catch up on some sleep now."

She lied without batting an eye, just to avoid talking to Atticus.

Seeing her reaction, Atticus recalled what Isabella had told him that morning.

So, Olivia was really planning to forget about him and start a new relationship?

Wasn't this what he had always wanted? So why did it hurt so much now that it was happening?

Why was he feeling this way?

He had been the one rejecting her all these years, refusing to accept her feelings.

He had wasted so much of her time. Now that she was finally ready to move on, he couldn't bear it.

Habits were dangerous things.

Even though he prided himself on being disciplined and restrained in matters of the heart, her years of companionship had left a mark on him.

He didn't want to let go.

Once the thought took hold, the urge to have her overwhelmed him.

"Olivia, I need to talk to you," Atticus said, closing his eyes.

His mind was a mess, and even though he had the words, he didn't know how to start.

Should he ask if she still had feelings for him, or should he first confess his own feelings?

But what if she really was ready to move on? Wouldn't his words just complicate things for her?

Olivia waited for what felt like an eternity, but Atticus didn't continue. Her frustration boiled over.

"Mr. Wilson, can you just say what you mean? What's the point of stopping halfway? Do you think this is funny?"

"I don't mean it like that. I really have something to tell you!" Atticus's tone was serious, and his authoritative presence made it hard not to believe him.

Olivia was both angry and speechless. She bit her lip and said, "Fine, go ahead. I'm listening."

Atticus was momentarily at a loss for words.

Looking at Olivia's beautiful face, his heart skipped a beat.

###chapter 419  Dazzling Scene

Even Atticus himself found it ridiculous. He was Atticus, after all. He'd faced countless thrilling situations.

How could he lose his cool in front of a young woman?

He took a deep breath, opened his mouth, and it took him a moment to find his voice.

"Look, I need to tell you something. You're still young. It's best to focus on your career for now. Love can wait."

In the end, Atticus couldn't bring himself to say he liked her.

Instead, he decided to subtly "warn" her not to be dazzled by a guy like Emilio.

He knew Olivia well. She had always been very proper, never involved in any scandals or romantic gossip.

As long as she focused on her career, no other man could get close to her.

But to Olivia, these words sounded like Atticus warning her not to harbor any illusions about him.

He was as cold as ever.

She let out a cold laugh. "Mr. Wilson, don't you think you're overstepping? I'm in my twenties, not a child. I know what I should and shouldn't do. Maybe you should spend more time thinking about yourself."

Olivia raised an eyebrow and glanced at Atticus beside her, her gaze landing on his stern face.

She hinted, "You're not getting any younger. If you don't take care of yourself, no one will want you."

But her words held little credibility.

None of the five men in the Wilson family were unattractive.

As the eldest, Atticus had sharp features, and his years in a high position gave him an aura of authority.

If he weren't so serious, no one would guess his actual age just by looking at him.

Perhaps due to his military background, Atticus was extremely strict with himself.

Even though he no longer needed to be on the front lines, he maintained his physique as before.

That time at Whispering Pines Estates, she had been dazzled by his abs and almost reached out to touch them.

"Am I really that old?"

Atticus instinctively opened the mirror in front of him and took a look. He was thirty-seven, in his prime, but Olivia's words had planted a seed of insecurity.

Olivia had just said it casually.

She didn't expect him to take it seriously. Seeing him frown and look at his own face, she was shocked.

He was Atticus. When did he start caring about his appearance?

"You-"

At that moment, the sound of car horns came from outside. The Wilson family's bodyguards had arrived.

Olivia swallowed the rest of her words.

Outside the car, the bodyguards stood respectfully. "Mr. Atticus Wilson, the backup car is here. Do you have any other instructions?"

Looking at Olivia, whose expression had returned to calm, Atticus sighed silently.

He had underestimated the efficiency of the Wilson family bodyguards.

He had planned to have a good talk with Olivia during this half-hour, but now he had to give up.

He unbuckled his seatbelt and said to Olivia, "Let's go. We'll switch cars. We should still have time to join them."

Graceful Haven Church.

Isabella and Emilio had bought tickets for the church halfway up the mountain and were ready to start their climb.

Emilio looked into the distance, a bit worried. "Isabella, should we wait for Mr. Atticus Wilson and Ms. Smith?"

After all, he couldn't deny his involvement in the car incident.

When Isabella had led him into the garage, her intentions were clear. But he had been too caught up in her sudden closeness to realize he had become an accomplice until it was too late.

Although he had only tampered with the car's engine a little, the car was moving at high speed, and no one could guarantee there wouldn't be any danger.

Atticus was his boss, and Olivia was Isabella's best friend.

If anything happened to them, he would regret it.

"They haven't shown up yet. I'm worried they might have run into some trouble."

Isabella reassured him. Atticus's car was modified to ensure the safety of its occupants in any situation.

So, no matter what went wrong, the most likely outcome would be the car stalling, but there wouldn't be any danger. She was completely confident about that.

"With Atticus there, nothing will go wrong. Besides, don't you think this is a perfect opportunity for them to spend time together?"

"It's rare to have a few days off. Stop worrying."

What Atticus and Olivia needed most now was face-to-face, heart-to-heart communication.

With the car breaking down, they would be stuck together, making this a rare opportunity.

As for the little tampering she had Emilio do, it was no big deal.

She stood up, tightened her coat, and prepared to head up.

Seeing Emilio hesitating, she couldn't help but grab his clothes and pull him along.

As they walked, she said, "Emilio, time waits for no one. Just listen to me today. Don't worry about them. Let's enjoy ourselves."

Emilio, held by Isabella, couldn't bear to pull away and followed her towards the entrance.

But neither of them noticed a man in a black coat standing silently in a corner not far away.

His eyes were fixed on Emilio and Isabella's intertwined arms, almost burning with anger.

That man was Michael.

Having barely slept the night before, he had planned to find a place to rest. But then he received a call from his mother, Stella, asking him to go to Graceful Haven Church to pray.

He hadn't wanted to go, but his mother said it was to pray for Isabella's safety and health, so he went.

But as soon as he arrived at the foot of the mountain, he saw this infuriating scene.

He had come to pray for Isabella.

But Isabella was here, holding hands with another man.

At this moment, Michael felt like a complete fool.

But since he was here, he wasn't going to leave.

Besides, he wasn't the one who should leave.

Legally, he and Isabella were still married. He was still her rightful husband.

Emilio was just an interloper.

So, Michael followed Emilio and Isabella step by step to the Graceful Haven Church halfway up the mountain.

As soon as they entered the church, Isabella was captivated by the giant ginkgo tree in the center of the square.

The tree was covered in red ribbons, each one a wish for love.

It was said that this tree had been planted by an emperor for his beloved concubine centuries ago, earning it the name "Love Tree."

Many people came here just to wish for a happy and fulfilling love.

Over the years, the tree had become covered in red ribbons, each one filled with wishes. When the wind blew, the tree seemed to be ablaze with red, making it a striking sight.

Next to the tree was a sign explaining its history and the guidelines for making wishes.

Emilio glanced at Isabella, his ears turning red as if he had thought of something.

###chapter 420 It Really Is Him

Isabella stood there, her face a mask of indifference as she took in the scene around her.

This kind of stuff was for people who still believed in love and marriage. She was on the verge of a divorce and had long since stopped caring about such things.

After leaving Michael, all she wanted was to live the rest of her life in freedom.

Love and marriage? She was done with them.

She no longer let anyone else's happiness or sadness affect her, nor did she care if Michael loved her or not.

From now on, she just wanted to live happily for herself, not for anyone else.

With this realization, Isabella found these things incredibly dull. Just as she was about to leave, she noticed Emilio's reddened ears and the envy in his eyes as he watched others.

It hit her then.

Emilio was still single and had never been married. It was normal for him to want to try these things.

As someone who had been through it, she shouldn't deprive him of the things he wanted to do.

So, Isabella stood under the tree and waited, letting Emilio buy and try it out.

Emilio's eyes lit up instantly. Before Isabella could finish her sentence, he dashed to the stall selling red ribbons.

Isabella shook her head, a small smile playing on her lips.

She had only meant to say that if he was so curious, he should go ahead and try it. As for whether it worked, she didn't know.

Besides, the place was so big that she didn't want to waste all her time there.

But as soon as she pointed out the location, Emilio ran off.

He looked like he was afraid she would change her mind any second.

Emilio quickly returned, carefully hanging the red ribbon he had written on a branch, then bowed reverently to the tree.

Isabella just stood by his side, doing nothing.

What she didn't know was that not far behind her, Michael was watching her and Emilio with narrowed eyes.

They stood side by side, Emilio carefully hanging their red ribbon while Isabella quietly accompanied him.

Their figures looked so well-matched that Michael couldn't help but clench his fists.

Had Isabella really fallen for that guy?

And what right did Emilio have to occupy such an important place in her heart?

Even Nolan hadn't enjoyed such treatment. Who was this Emilio, suddenly appearing and daring to hang a red ribbon symbolizing love with Isabella?

Michael gritted his teeth, wanting to drag Emilio away from Isabella and give him a good beating.

But he couldn't do that.

He kicked a bottle nearby in frustration, not realizing it would hit a child holding a kite.

"Hey! My kite is broken! That guy broke my kite!"

"Mean guy, give me a new kite! My mom bought it for me!"

Michael frowned and looked over, intending to see what had happened. But the child, seeing his dark expression, cried even harder.

Only then did he realize he had accidentally broken the child's toy.

The kite was already fragile, and now it had a hole in the middle. It couldn't be fixed, so he had to buy the child a new one.

"Don't cry. I'll get you a new one," Michael said, trying to keep his voice low so Isabella wouldn't notice.

He reached into his pocket, but it was empty. He had rushed out of the office and forgotten his wallet. He thought about using his phone to transfer money, but it was dead.

Facing the child's expectant eyes, Michael awkwardly said, "I'm sorry, kid. My phone's dead, and I didn't bring my wallet."

The child didn't care about that. He only knew his toy was broken, and the person responsible wasn't making it right.

"Sweetie?" The child's parents, hearing the crying, rushed over and found Michael standing there. They immediately shielded their child, treating Michael like a threat.

"What do you want? Stay away from my child!"

"I'm not-" Michael started to explain, but the child peeked out from behind his parents and loudly accused, "Dad, he broke my kite and won't buy me a new one."

With that, the surrounding crowd turned their attention to Michael, judging him harshly.

"How can young people be so rude, taking a child's toy? Can't you buy your own?"

"Yeah, the kid came here to fly a kite. Just pay for a new one. It's only a few bucks. Why be so stingy?"

"Young man, you can't be so unreasonable."

Michael felt utterly misunderstood. As the CEO of the Brown Group, would he care about a kite worth a few dollars? But he really didn't have his wallet.

Meanwhile, hearing the commotion, Isabella turned to look at the crowd, thinking something interesting was happening. But then she saw a tall, familiar figure.

Michael?

The thought flashed through her mind, but she quickly dismissed it. It couldn't be. She must have been mistaken. Michael should be busy at the Brown Group's office. With the company in turmoil, how could he have time to be here?

With that thought, Isabella quickly looked away.

But Emilio followed her gaze and, despite the crowd, recognized Michael's face. It really was him! Why was Michael here, and at the same time as them?

Emilio hadn't forgotten how deeply Isabella was attached to Michael. If she knew he was here, her thoughts would surely turn to him. But Emilio was also pursuing Isabella. Why should he give her up to Michael?

Emilio pressed his lips together, ensuring Isabella hadn't recognized Michael, then pointed to the scenery. "Isabella, I read online about the sights here. The further we go, the more amazing it gets. Let's go."

"Okay," Isabella nodded, about to leave when she heard a familiar voice.

"I'm not trying to avoid paying. I just didn't bring my wallet."

That voice was unmistakable, even from a distance. Isabella turned abruptly, realizing the tall figure she had seen was indeed Michael.

What was he doing here? And why was he arguing with others?

Isabella squinted, unable to resist her curiosity. She glanced at Emilio. "Emilio, you don't mind if I go check it out, do you? After all, we both know him."

###chapter 421  The Key to Emotions

Emilio had recognized Michael a while ago, but to save face, he pretended not to know him in front of Isabella.

Before he could say anything, Isabella grabbed his wrist and pulled him into the crowd.

They finally squeezed through, and when Isabella saw Michael getting publicly scolded and unable to defend himself, she almost burst out laughing.

It was so satisfying!

Michael, having a rough day, huh?

After asking around, Isabella found out what foolish thing Michael had done.

But she wasn't here to help Michael out; she was here to enjoy his embarrassment.

He even took a kid's toy? She had underestimated Michael's character.

He was truly despicable.

She listened as an elderly lady patiently advised Michael not to be someone who breaks promises.

Isabella stifled her laughter, cleared her throat, and joined in with the crowd criticizing Michael's "shamelessness."

"That's right, how can someone be so low? If you break this kid's toy, you should compensate, and double the amount at that."

Her clear, pleasant voice suddenly reached Michael's ears. He turned sharply and saw Isabella standing in the crowd.

She looked at him with a burning gaze, as if challenging him.

It would have been perfect if Emilio wasn't standing next to her.

He didn't care what she had just said; her presence alone showed that he still held some place in her heart.

Over the past three years, he had figured out her temperament. If Isabella didn't care about someone, she wouldn't even stop for them.

Seeing Michael's eyes fixed on the beautiful woman beside him, the kid's mom couldn't help but glare at him. He really wasn't a good person, still having a filthy mind at this moment.

"I'm talking to you. You broke my kid's toy, you can't just walk away without doing anything."

"The toy isn't worth much, but it's something my kid loves. As an adult, you should at least apologize to my kid."

Before the kid's mom could finish, the dad stopped her. "Alright, honey, it's just a toy. We can buy another one for our baby. It's not worth getting angry over."

"And he's not refusing to pay; he just didn't bring his wallet. Let's not make it difficult for him."

The kid's mom wanted to say more, but the dad held her hand and gently reassured their child, "Baby, Daddy will buy you a new one, okay?"

The family of three turned to leave, not planning to argue with Michael any further.

But they had only taken a couple of steps when a hand stopped them.

"Wait!"

The family looked at Isabella, who had just been helping them criticize Michael. Before they could ask what she wanted, Isabella took out a hundred-dollar bill from her bag and handed it to the kid's mom.

"Sorry, he's a friend of mine. We came here together. He's not the kind of person you think he is; his phone just happened to die. Please take this money as compensation for your kid's loss."

The kid's mom was momentarily stunned.

She had noticed that since Isabella appeared, Michael's eyes hadn't left her.

She thought Michael had some interest in Isabella.

So they were friends. That explained it.

The family took the money and left, and the crowd slowly dispersed.

Isabella watched the family leave, lost in thought.

It was such an ordinary family dynamic, yet it was something she had always dreamed of.

A well-behaved child, a loving husband, a mother who accompanies her child's growth. She had dreamed of each role.

But in her three years of marriage, Michael had never given her any warmth.

It was truly sad when she thought about it.

And she hadn't done this just to help Michael. She didn't want the child to be upset.

Ever since she lost her child, whenever she saw a family of three, she couldn't help but imagine how wonderful it would be if her child were still here.

Returning to reality, Isabella walked towards Michael, but this time she didn't look at him, instead standing next to Emilio.

Michael's expression changed, but he held back his irritation.

His eyes were fixed on Isabella, and he spoke in a low voice, "Thanks."

Michael wouldn't be so self-absorbed to think Isabella still liked him.

He was just impressed by her principles. Even though they were heading towards divorce, she still maintained his dignity in public.

"No need to thank me!"

Isabella chuckled softly, "I was just curious. After all, you're the CEO of a big company. Why aren't you at the office and instead praying at a church?"

The funniest part was that he had broken a child's toy and was being asked to compensate by the parents.

Michael probably had never faced such an embarrassing situation in his life.

And she had witnessed it.

Michael swallowed and found an excuse, "I was praying for someone else."

He couldn't admit it was for her.

"Really?"

Isabella didn't hold back, "Praying? But I remember you aren't one to care about these things. And it's such a coincidence we ran into each other today. Do you believe what you're saying?"

Isabella knew Michael was following her, but Isabella couldn't figure out how he knew her whereabouts.

She had agreed to come here with Emilio on a whim, and everyone around her hated Michael. There was no way they would leak her information to him.

Where did Michael get his information?

Standing nearby, Emilio noticed a glimmer in Isabella's usually calm eyes, and his gaze darkened.

In the half-day he had spent with Isabella, he had never seen such a look in her eyes. It was like a stone skipping across a calm lake, creating ripples and bringing everything to life.

Michael was the key to unlocking Isabella's hidden emotions.

Only when he appeared did Isabella revert to the lively, radiant princess she once was.

Though Emilio didn't want to admit it, the truth was right in front of him.

At this moment, even though there were three people standing there, the subtle connection between Michael and Isabella seemed to exclude everyone else. They only had eyes for each other.

Emilio felt a pang of anxiety and instinctively moved closer to Isabella. He didn't want to give up on her.

As Emilio reached out to hold Isabella's hand, Michael's face darkened.

Were they really going to flaunt their affection in front of him? Did they think he didn't exist?

###chapter 422 Each Doing Their Own Thing

Michael couldn't shake the image of Emilio and Isabella tying that red ribbon together, symbolizing their love. It gnawed at him, and jealousy burned in his chest. He shot a cold glare at Emilio's hand reaching for Isabella's and let out a heavy, disdainful snort.

"Guess I walked in at the wrong time. Sorry to bother you praying with your lover."

"Lover?"

Emilio frowned instinctively, but before he could respond, Isabella snapped at Michael.

Naturally, Emilio didn't get to hold her hand.

"Michael, you're the CEO of a major corporation. Have some class. What lover? You better explain yourself."

Isabella was livid.

Michael could say whatever he wanted about her, but dragging her friends into it was crossing the line.

She needed an explanation.

Seeing Emilio's hand drop away made Michael feel a bit better, but Isabella's reaction cut deep.

They weren't even divorced yet, and she was already defending another man?

How much did she care about Emilio?

"Am I wrong? Isabella, we haven't signed the divorce papers yet. You're still my wife. You and him, here, holding hands and making wishes for love-what else could he be but your lover?"

Did they think he was blind?

He had seen everything clearly.

If it weren't for the fact that they were in a church, Emilio might have already kissed Isabella.

"You're talking nonsense."

Every word Michael said hit Isabella right in the heart, especially since it was true.

For a moment, she didn't know whether to explain her relationship with Emilio to Michael or just ignore him.

But then she remembered they were just one step away from finalizing the divorce, and any thought of explaining vanished.

Their marriage was already over. Why should she explain anything to him?

At that moment, Emilio gently took Isabella's wrist, pulling her close and comforting her softly.

"Isabella, I don't mind. Don't let this get to you."

Michael's reputation with the Wilson family was already in tatters.

As long as her five uncles were around, they wouldn't let Isabella have anything to do with Michael.

Emilio still had a chance.

Michael frowned deeply at the sight. What was Emilio up to now?

He had said such harsh things, yet Emilio wasn't angry at all and was even comforting Isabella.

Was Emilio out of his mind?

When did the her uncles start having such poor taste, sending someone like Emilio to be with Isabella?

But then Michael understood.

Isabella, still angry, looked at Michael and said to Emilio, "Emilio, did you hear what he called you? How can you tolerate being called a lover?"

Emilio, who could intimidate the entire company when he was angry, was now so easygoing, not even retaliating when insulted.

This wasn't like him.

But Emilio just smiled, "Isabella, it's not about tolerating it. There's no need to get angry. After all, if Mr. Brown says it, it means he acknowledges my role. Once you two are divorced, I can officially take that place, right?"

As he spoke, Emilio gently smoothed Isabella's wind-tousled hair. His gaze was so tender it could melt anyone. If Isabella accepted him, he didn't mind being called a lover.

"So, Isabella, don't be upset. We came out to relax today. Don't let irrelevant people and things ruin your mood, okay?"

Michael's face darkened. Was Emilio serious? A grown man, acting all innocent and delicate like that-he was practically a shameless flirt.

Seeing Michael's pained expression, Isabella felt a bit better. She looked up at Emilio with a gentle smile, "Alright, since you don't mind, why should I be angry? We're getting divorced anyway. Who cares what he says, right?"

Emilio naturally agreed, "Whatever you say is right."

Watching them gaze at each other lovingly, Michael felt like he was nailed to the spot, tense but unable to do anything. But then Isabella turned her gaze to Michael, raising an eyebrow.

"Mr. Brown, how long are you planning to watch?"

"I heard the Brown Group is having some issues lately. As the CEO, shouldn't you be back at the company managing things? Be careful not to lose business."

Isabella's mockery was deliberate. If she had known she'd run into Michael here, she wouldn't have come. But as long as Michael wasn't in her way, she was happy to continue exploring. Besides, Atticus and Olivia might show up later. If they ran into Michael, who knows what kind of scene would unfold. For the sake of peace, it was best if Michael left quickly.

But her words hit a sore spot for Michael. He gritted his teeth, "Who said I'm leaving? I'm not going anywhere. I'm going to explore every inch of this place!"

Why should Emilio get to stay with her while he had to leave? She's still his wife. Watching his wife be affectionate with another man-if he left, would he still be a man? If he couldn't control the situation, he'd just stick around. He wanted to see if they'd still be so intimate with him watching.

Isabella rolled her eyes, not wanting to deal with him. "Fine, then we'll go our separate ways." She said, pulling Emilio towards the next spot. But before she could take a few steps, she saw Michael following them like a shadow.

Seeing Isabella's glare, he spread his hands, "There are so many sights here. How do you know I'm following you? Besides, we're each doing our own thing. I'm not bothering you."

Isabella was furious but hadn't expected Michael to be so shameless.

"And besides, what if I need you to pay for something? You know my phone's dead. I can't do without you! And what if I get lost and can't find my way back?"

Getting lost? Isabella couldn't believe Michael would say something so childish. A grown man, getting lost in a tourist spot?

Isabella narrowed her eyes, "Michael, even if you're being shameless, there should be a limit. I helped you once, isn't that enough? Do you plan to cling to me forever?"

###chapter 423  You Are Just a Lover

Isabella just wanted to get rid of Michael and put some distance between them.

Seeing how unreasonable he was being, she didn't care anymore. She intimately linked arms with Emilio, who was standing beside her, making sure Michael saw it.

"Take a good look, Michael. I've got plenty of better options around me. As someone who's about to be my ex-husband, shouldn't you be considerate enough to give us some space?"

Isabella was practically humiliating Michael in front of everyone.

But he didn't react at all.

He stayed calm, his eyes lightly sweeping over Isabella.

"You said I'm about to be your ex-husband. Right now, I'm still your legal husband. What's wrong with me being here? Did I break any laws?"

"And this is a public place. I can stay here as long as I want. Just because you two are on a date doesn't mean I have to disappear."

Michael had already figured things out.

If he wanted to win his wife back, he couldn't be too concerned about his pride. As long as he could get her back, none of these external things mattered to him.

"You... you're shameless."

Isabella knew how thick-skinned Michael could be, but she had never seen him this shameless. Her face turned red with anger.

Emilio looked at Isabella, who was holding his arm, and then at Michael. His eyes flashed with a hint of sharpness.

He shielded Isabella behind him and gave Michael a cold look.

"Mr. Brown, you heard what Isabella said. She doesn't want to see you anymore. Staying here will only make everyone uncomfortable. Please leave voluntarily."

Today was a rare day for him to spend alone with Isabella.

No one was going to ruin it.

Seeing Emilio act like a boyfriend, Michael's eyes flashed with coldness.

"Who do you think you are to order me around?"

The Brown Group's heir had a prestigious status that no one in Evergreen City dared to question.

Not to mention Emilio, a mere vice president. Even the head of his family wouldn't dare speak to Michael like that.

But Emilio wasn't afraid of him. No matter how powerful Michael's background was, it didn't matter. Isabella didn't love him anymore, so to her, Michael was just an ordinary person.

"Isabella already said who I am. Or do you have hearing problems and need to hear it again, Mr. Brown?"

Emilio's tone carried a hint of mockery and pride.

Although he couldn't match Michael's status, he wasn't someone to be trifled with.

Since Michael was provoking him, there was no need to be polite.

Michael sneered, "A lover? What right do you have to stand here? You don't even qualify to be her boyfriend. Don't forget, Isabella and I are still married."

He glanced at Isabella with an innocent look.

"I didn't say anything wrong, did I?"

They had signed the divorce papers, but the court hadn't finalized it yet. In every sense, they were still legally married.

Emilio was in such a hurry to take his place, as if Michael was already out of the picture!

"Michael, that's enough!"

Isabella couldn't take it anymore and retorted, "The only reason we haven't divorced yet is because of some delays on Thomas's end. Do you really think I have the patience to wait until now?"

"And we have no connection anymore. A divorce agreement means nothing. To me, you've been out of the picture for a long time."

With Emilio as a good friend, Isabella didn't want to bring up these old issues.

But Michael was being too much. Completely unreasonable.

She didn't want to say another word to him.

"Emilio, let's go. He's not worth our time."

Isabella said, pulling Emilio in another direction.

Emilio looked at Isabella's flushed face, and any worries he had about their relationship vanished. He no longer saw Michael as a threat.

Because Isabella had truly let go of Michael.

Everything was now in Emilio's favor.

Isabella thought that after saying all this, Michael would leave.

But she didn't expect him to act as if nothing had happened, following her and Emilio at a leisurely pace.

He acted like nothing had happened.

Isabella stopped in her tracks and glared at Michael.

Seeing that Isabella was really angry, Michael wisely explained, "I told you I don't have any money on me. I can only follow you."

He actually wanted to say that he didn't want to see her with another man, but he couldn't bring himself to say it.

Emilio had dared to challenge him earlier, all because Isabella had feelings for Emilio now.

Emilio and Isabella were calling each other boyfriend and girlfriend. How could he let them be alone?

Isabella looked at Michael speechlessly. The next second, she took a wad of cash from her bag and threw it at him.

"Here's the money. From now on, stop following me. Got it?"

Michael never expected Isabella to do that. By the time he reacted, the cash was scattered on the ground.

But Michael didn't bother to pick it up.

He stared at Isabella's disdainful and determined figure as she walked away.

At that moment, he deeply regretted not treating her better over the past three years, leading to this outcome.

He had been arrogant and proud, never putting anyone in his eyes. He had made her suffer alone in the Brown Family for three years.

Suddenly, as if sensing Michael's gaze, Isabella stopped.

Michael's heart tightened.

Would she come back to him?

Unfortunately, Michael was destined to be disappointed. Isabella just took out her phone and answered a call.

Her light and gentle voice rang out, but it wasn't directed at him.

"Uncle Atticus, Olivia, you guys are here? But we've already entered the park. Even if your car broke down, you guys are too slow."

"Did something happen on the way?" Isabella teased them on the phone.

Emilio watched her playfully joke with Atticus and Olivia, her bold and quirky demeanor. He reached out and patted her head, smiling indulgently.

It had to be Isabella. If it were anyone else, Atticus would have been angry by now.

"Alright, Emilio and I will wait for you here. We'll go together then."

Isabella was on the phone and didn't notice Emilio's actions. But Michael, who had been watching them, saw everything clearly.

Isabella's acceptance of Emilio's intimate gesture was enough to prove she had feelings for him.

So whether it was Nolan or anyone else, she could be gentle and kind, but she had no warmth left for Michael.

He had been deluding himself.

From the beginning, he had never won her love.

###chapter 424 Atticus Fell in Love

On the other side of town...

Isabella hung up the phone with Atticus, her face lighting up with excitement as she turned to Emilio. "Emilio, guess what? Our plan worked perfectly!"

Emilio, still processing the conversation he overheard between Isabella and Atticus, looked a bit puzzled. "Isabella, how can you be so sure? I just heard you talking to Mr. Atticus Wilson, and he didn't say much."

Isabella raised an eyebrow and gave Emilio a knowing look. "You don't get it, do you?"

"Atticus is different from others. The calmer he acts, the more he's got on his mind. You heard him just now, right? He was so formal, like he was giving a work report."

Emilio paused, realizing he hadn't noticed it before. Now, with Isabella's insight, it made sense. Atticus usually spoke casually, but this time, he was talking to Isabella, his beloved niece. His tone had indeed been a bit tense and stiff.

Emilio nodded in agreement. "Now that you mention it, you're right."

"So, let's just wait patiently for them to come over. We'll be able to tell what they've been through by their actions," Isabella said with a mischievous glint in her eye. She and Emilio moved to a quieter spot, leaving Michael behind.

About twenty minutes later, Atticus and Olivia arrived at the entrance of the scenic area. Olivia, wearing flat shoes, felt a bit tired from climbing the stairs, but Atticus was by her side the whole time, even carrying her bag.

She glanced at Atticus, seeing her small white backpack slung over his broad shoulder. It didn't match his style at all, but seeing this considerate side of him stirred something inside her.

Why now, of all times? Just when she was ready to let go, he showed this gentle side.

"Olivia, Atticus, over here!" Isabella's voice snapped Olivia back to reality. Seeing her best friend, Olivia ran over and hugged Isabella, letting out all her frustration and helplessness.

"Isabella, you have no idea what I just went through! The car broke down out of nowhere. If there was other cars or we didn't stop in time, I don't even want to think about what could've happened."

Isabella patted Olivia's back, soothing her. "It's okay, nothing happened, right? With Uncle Atticus by your side, you had nothing to worry about. He would protect you no matter what."

Atticus, a former special forces soldier, could handle a minor car issue with ease. But Olivia, clinging to Isabella, seemed genuinely shaken, her body trembling.

Isabella didn't know what had happened on the road, so she could only comfort her softly. If Olivia found out the car trouble was a setup to give her and Atticus some alone time, she might want to strangle Isabella.

"Even with him there, I was still scared," Olivia whispered, biting her lip. It wasn't the car trouble that frightened her; it was spending time with Atticus. He'd been acting so differently lately, and she didn't know why.

"Isabella, has something happened to Atticus recently? He's like a different person. Not only is he interested in my career, but he also carried my purse the whole way?"

Olivia only confided in Isabella about this. The old Atticus was so cold, but today he seemed like someone she didn't recognize.

Hearing this, Isabella felt even more certain about her suspicions. She leaned in closer to Olivia. "Haven't you heard the saying? When a man falls in love, he becomes a different person."

"That's impossible!" Olivia instinctively denied it, her face flushing at Isabella's words. "I don't believe he would change for anyone, especially not for me."

Despite her denial, Olivia couldn't help but glance at Atticus, who was talking to Emilio with his usual composed expression. He didn't look like someone in love at all.

Just as Olivia was about to look away, Atticus suddenly turned towards her, as if sensing her gaze. Their eyes met, and both froze.

Olivia's face turned even redder, and she quickly turned away, not wanting her emotions to be noticed.

Isabella caught their little exchange, a smile tugging at her lips. It seemed the Wilson family was about to have some good news soon.

The four of them chatted for a bit before starting their tour of the scenic area. Atticus and Emilio walked ahead, discussing work, while Isabella and Olivia strolled behind, taking in the sights of the church.

"Isabella, I read about this place before we came. They say the Graceful Haven Church is very spiritual, especially the wishing pool inside. They say if you make a sincere wish, it will come true. Should we give it a try?"

Olivia's mood shifted quickly, and she was now excited about making a wish.

Isabella, thinking about her next plan, agreed without much thought. She didn't believe in such things, but since they were here, why not try it?

"How long until we reach the wishing pool?" Isabella asked casually.

"From here, it should take about an hour to get there," Olivia said, checking her phone.

"An hour? What about lunch?" Isabella was surprised by the size of the place. She thought they could tour the church in an hour, but it was much bigger than she expected.

Atticus, overhearing their conversation, patted the white backpack he was carrying. "Don't worry, I've packed enough food. Just enjoy yourselves, and come to me if you get hungry."

Seeing Atticus so naturally carrying Olivia's purse, Isabella responded thoughtfully. She had already seen through everything.

###chapter 425  Leading Questions

Men really did act differently when they felt threatened.

Even someone like Atticus couldn't escape the grip of possessiveness.

The question was, when would Atticus come clean to Olivia? If he kept playing dumb like before, Isabella wouldn't stand for it.

Emilio had been watching Isabella closely and, hearing her comments, stepped up to play the "boyfriend" role.

"Isabella, if you're tired, just let me know. I'll carry you."

This time, it was Olivia and Atticus's turn to watch the show. Isabella gave an awkward laugh and quickly declined.

"No, no, I'm fine. I can manage on my own."

The four of them continued walking, as the wishing well was at the top of the hill, requiring them to climb a set of stairs.

Halfway up, Isabella couldn't take it anymore.

"I can't go on. I'm exhausted and starving. I need to eat something before I can move another step."

It was almost noon, and after climbing for so long, the little she had eaten in the morning was long gone.

"Here, have some food to regain your strength. We'll get you something nice to eat once we're back down."

Atticus, hearing Isabella's complaints, quickly handed her the bag.

Inside were the bento boxes Cinda had prepared that morning, along with plenty of snacks, enough for all four of them.

This was why he had taken the bag from Olivia and hadn't given it back. It was too heavy for her to carry up the hill.

Isabella opened the bag and was stunned.

It was packed with all sorts of goodies. Just as she took a bite of her favorite sandwich, she realized there was no water.

Emilio, noticing her dilemma, offered, "I saw someone selling bottled water on our way here. I'll go get some."

"Thanks."

Before Isabella could finish her sentence, Emilio was already on his way.

They were at a pavilion now. Olivia, not interested in eating, stood at the edge, taking pictures with her phone, fascinated by the view.

Atticus sat next to Isabella, keeping her company.

Thinking Atticus might be hungry too, Isabella offered him a bento box. "Uncle Atticus, have some. Cinda's cooking is great."

To her surprise, Atticus shook his head and declined.

"I'm not hungry. You go ahead."

Isabella found it odd until she noticed Atticus's gaze frequently drifting towards Olivia. Then it clicked.

She couldn't help but smirk. No wonder.

Atticus was itching to get some information from her but was too shy to ask.

Isabella continued eating at her own pace, waiting for Atticus to make the first move.

Atticus couldn't hold back any longer. If he didn't ask now, Emilio would be back soon.

"Isabella, I need to ask you something."

He tried to keep his tone casual, but the unease in his eyes was unmistakable.

Isabella pretended not to notice, playing dumb. "Ask away, Uncle Atticus."

After a moment of silence, Atticus spoke, "If you can't help but care about someone, to the point where you can't stand seeing them with someone else, is that love?"

Isabella's eyes lit up.

Atticus had finally figured it out!

She cleared her throat. "Atticus, you already know the answer to that question, don't you?"

"So, what you really want to know is how to keep her, right?"

Atticus blushed, his secret exposed, and nodded.

He had only realized his feelings for Olivia after feeling threatened. He hoped it wasn't too late to win her back.

But Isabella had other thoughts.

This was all part of her plan to make Atticus realize his feelings. All he needed was a heartfelt confession to bring him and Olivia together. There was no need for him to worry about losing her.

What Olivia wanted was his acknowledgment of their relationship.

As long as Atticus did that, Olivia would be over the moon.

But she couldn't spell it out for Atticus.

Even though she was closer to Atticus, he had hurt Olivia so much before. Olivia deserved to see him struggle a bit, to understand the pain she had gone through.

"Uncle Atticus, I believe whether two people can be together depends on both of their attitudes. If one person doesn't cherish the relationship, it won't last. Look at me and Michael."

In the end, maintaining a relationship required effort from both sides.

If one person was always thinking about someone else, the relationship couldn't be strong.

No matter how passionate it started, it would eventually fall apart.

Reflecting on her years with Michael, Isabella saw only countless scars.

Atticus, on the other hand, thought about his recent interactions with Olivia and her cold demeanor, feeling a pang of anxiety.

"Does that mean I have no chance?"

Olivia wouldn't even talk to him now. Maybe she had already given up on him.

Seeing his distress, Isabella patted his shoulder, suppressing a laugh. "Uncle Atticus, your situation is different. You need the courage to face yourself and the public. Once you figure that out, things will go smoother than you think. The key is who you prioritize in your heart."

Isabella raised an eyebrow, not spelling it out, but Atticus was smart enough to understand her meaning.

Atticus had a strong sense of responsibility. If he always put the Wilson Family and his career first, he would never fully accept Olivia.

This also meant he didn't love Olivia enough.

Conversely, if he put Olivia first, their problems would resolve themselves.

As for how to do that, she trusted Atticus to figure it out.

But there was one thing she had to mention about Thomas.

"Atticus, do you know what Thomas has been up to? I handed him the divorce papers for me and Michael days ago, and there's been no progress. What's he doing?"

If Michael hadn't brought it up today, she would have forgotten they still needed that final divorce agreement.

In her mind, she and Michael were already as good as divorced.

But she didn't want Michael to use this against her anymore.

The thought of him as her husband made her head hurt.

She wished he would just disappear from her life.

Atticus suddenly remembered something. "I almost forgot to tell you, Thomas might be dating someone, which is why he's been delayed."

"Dating?"

Isabella was stunned.

###chapter 426  Why Dodge?

Atticus nodded. "Remember when Thomas mentioned that clumsy assistant who kept messing things up? He was always complaining about her but never fired her. Instead, he kept her around and taught her himself."

"Well, it looks like she really screwed up this time, and Thomas had to go back to the main office overseas to fix it. That's why he had to put your case on hold."

Isabella's eyes widened.

She had suspected that Thomas was overly protective of this assistant, but she hadn't expected it to be true.

Thomas's team of lawyers was renowned internationally, and every second of their time was worth a lot of money.

And Thomas himself was a powerful CEO.

How could he waste so much time on a mere assistant?

Now that she thought about it, everything made sense.

"So, Uncle Thomas is getting married soon."

Great, this was a double blessing.

Isabella's eyes sparkled with joy as she calculated in her mind.

With Atticus and Thomas's major life events settled, only Kian, Holden, and Orion were left.

Each uncle's marriage was a huge challenge for her.

Holden was easier since he was nearby, so there was at least a chance.

But Kian had settled abroad, and his businesses were all overseas. He rarely came back. How could she introduce someone suitable to him? She couldn't just throw a woman at him, right?

Kian was as strong-willed as Atticus, so she couldn't mess around.

Orion had devoted himself to the arts and had been a nomad for years, loving to appear in different places every day. He was the hardest to deal with. She couldn't even find him, let alone introduce a girlfriend.

Forget it, she should focus on the present.

Once Atticus and Olivia were together, she could tackle the other uncles one by one.

She wondered if her grandfather would be happy in heaven knowing this.

His sons were finally willing to settle down.

Soon, Emilio returned with water, and Isabella stood up to continue the climb with them.

Olivia chatted with Isabella about how magical the wishing pool at the top of the mountain was, urging her to think of her wishes now so she wouldn't forget in the excitement.

But Isabella's mind was elsewhere.

She watched Atticus and Emilio walking ahead and Olivia holding her arm tightly. Something felt off.

This was a rare chance for Atticus and Olivia to be alone. If they just climbed the mountain, it would be no different from staying home.

"Olivia, I'm slow. You don't have to worry about me. Go join Atticus and the others."

Isabella suggested deliberately.

Olivia didn't hesitate. "No way. You're not doing well already. How could I leave you alone?"

Isabella's mouth twitched. She had forgotten that Olivia felt guilty about the child.

Seeing that persuasion wasn't working, Isabella pulled Olivia aside and hinted, "Olivia, did you forget why Emilio invited me out today?"

Of course, Emilio wanted a chance to be alone with Isabella. They weren't just here to hike.

Olivia realized, hesitating as she looked at Emilio and then at her best friend Isabella. She was in the way.

"Then I'll go ahead with Atticus?"

Olivia asked cautiously.

Isabella nodded quickly, pushing Olivia towards Atticus. "Olivia, you're the best."

Olivia didn't understand Isabella's sudden interest in Emilio, but as her best friend, she had to help.

"It's nothing."

The next second, Olivia grabbed Atticus, pulling him away from Emilio.

Atticus was confused until he saw Isabella wink at him, and he understood.

He quickly caught up with Olivia, giving Isabella a thumbs-up.

Isabella, his beloved niece, knew his feelings for Olivia and pushed her towards him.

Watching them walk away quickly, like they were avoiding something, Emilio stopped to wait for Isabella, smiling. "Feeling better now?"

As adults, he could see through Isabella's little scheme to match Atticus and Olivia.

But he wouldn't point it out or interfere.

Because he benefited too.

With Atticus taking Olivia away, he and Isabella could have some real alone time.

And that was exactly what he wanted.

Hearing Emilio, Isabella sighed. "It's still early. I'll only be at ease when I see Atticus propose to Olivia and they have a wedding."

But now that things had started well, the rest was out of her hands.

Emilio smiled, taking her bag. "Let me carry this."

"Thank you."

Isabella handed it over without hesitation.

Unlike Olivia's eagerness to reach the wishing pool, Isabella and Emilio were more relaxed. They weren't here for that.

They strolled leisurely, keeping Atticus and Olivia in sight.

Meanwhile, Atticus finally had a chance to talk to Olivia alone. Remembering Isabella's advice, he made up his mind.

He couldn't resist grabbing her hand, intending to hold it tight, but Olivia instinctively swung her other hand at him.

"Pervert!"

Just before her slap landed on his handsome face, Olivia stopped.

It was him!

Atticus smiled, not letting go of her hand.

"Good, it's great that you have this awareness."

Olivia blushed at the unexpected praise but realized something else.

"I didn't know it was you. Why didn't you dodge?"

Atticus had been in the military for nearly ten years, a special forces soldier. He wouldn't just stand still and get slapped.

"Why dodge? I held your hand. It's normal for you to resist."

Atticus squeezed her hand again, soft and small, feeling incredibly tender in his palm.

Even if she slapped him, he'd take it willingly.

Besides, her strength was like a tickle to him.

Olivia finally realized. "Why are you holding my hand?"

###chapter 427 Be Brave Once

Olivia instinctively tried to pull away, but Atticus had no intention of letting go. Instead, he tightened his grip, sensing her intent.

She looked up, pain and disbelief in her eyes. "Atticus, what are you doing? Let go of me!"

Isabella was nearby, and the last thing Olivia wanted was for her to see them like this. It would be utterly humiliating.

Besides, Atticus didn't even like her. Why was he toying with her?

"No, I won't," Atticus said firmly. He pulled her closer, wrapping his other arm around her to keep her in place.

"Olivia, I'm sorry," he said, his deep voice resonating above her. "I was too arrogant and hurt you. I almost lost you."

Despite the people passing by, Olivia was stunned by his words. Atticus was apologizing to her? How could that be possible? He was the eldest son of the Wilson family, always so composed and flawless. He had rejected her countless times, and she was ready to give up. Yet here he was, softening at the worst possible moment.

Sensing Olivia's discomfort, Atticus knew she understood his words. This wasn't the place for a conversation, so he led her to a quieter side street. Once there, he spoke earnestly.

"I know you might not believe me right now, but I promise every word I'm about to say is sincere."

"Just now, I asked Isabella if it's love when I can't stop thinking about someone and can't stand seeing her with other men."

Olivia's heart skipped a beat. She looked up in disbelief as Atticus continued, "Isabella told me that by asking that question, I already knew the answer."

Hearing that Atticus had confided in Isabella, Olivia felt a wave of relief. She had been avoiding Isabella, fearing she would think Olivia had been after Atticus all along. But now, after years of unrequited feelings, she finally had a response. She couldn't contain her excitement.

"Atticus, are you serious?" she asked, her voice trembling.

Atticus nodded earnestly and pulled her into his arms, sighing deeply. "Olivia, I never lie. You should know that. Or do you think I'm not trustworthy anymore?"

Olivia huffed, thinking of all the times she'd been hurt. "What do you think? If you had waited any longer to tell me this, I would have walked away and never looked back."

She had almost moved on, even considering an arranged marriage her family had proposed. But now, she had the man she loved. She couldn't let Atticus know about that.

Hearing Olivia's anger, Atticus panicked and held her tighter, afraid she might disappear if he let go. "Olivia, it's all my fault. I made you suffer. I've never been in a relationship and didn't know how to respond to you. Can you teach me?"

"You," Olivia said, both angry and embarrassed. Was he really that clueless, or was he just pretending? How could he, being over ten years older than her, be so shameless?

Seeing Olivia's flushed face, Atticus decided not to tease her anymore. He held her shoulders and spoke seriously. "Olivia, I have something important to tell you."

The deep emotion in his eyes made Olivia's heart race. She bit her lip, not daring to look at him. "What is it?"

Could it be what she was imagining? If it was, the happiness would be overwhelming.

Atticus gazed deeply at Olivia, finally understanding what Isabella meant by making a choice. He was almost forty, having spent years carrying the weight of the Wilson family and his own career. He never imagined someone would love him so unconditionally for so long.

He should have realized it sooner. His single life was because his heart had already been claimed by Olivia. He had fallen for her the moment she bravely and passionately pursued him. No one else could ever move him the way she did.

"Olivia, I-"

"Wait!" Olivia interrupted, her face flushed as she covered his mouth, shaking her head. "Don't say it. I don't want to hear it right now."

It wasn't that she didn't want to hear it; she was afraid she couldn't control her emotions. Hearing what he had already said was enough for her. If he continued, she might die of embarrassment.

"I can't wait any longer!" Atticus took a deep breath and grabbed her hand. "Olivia, I love you!"

Olivia froze, her eyes wide with disbelief. Was she dreaming? Did she hear him right? Atticus had just confessed his love to her?

The man she had waited for all these years had finally said the words she longed to hear. Overwhelmed with emotion, Olivia felt tears welling up. "Atticus, can you say it again?"

Atticus gently wiped her tears and looked deeply into her eyes. "Olivia, I love you. For you, I'm willing to be brave."

"All these years, you've stayed by my side. It was my stubbornness and misconceptions that caused you so much pain and made me overlook your feelings. Now I understand, and I don't want to lose you. Olivia, forgive me this once. I've realized I love you, and I can't let you go."

"You belong with me, Olivia. I only want you."

After all these years, Olivia finally heard the words she had been waiting for. Despite their age difference, she understood his struggles. She loved him too much to let go, even if he saw her feelings as mere curiosity or impulse. She would prove her love with time.

"Atticus, have you really thought this through? Do you understand what it means to be with me? Are you ready for this?"

###chapter 428 Unexpected Accident

"Yeah."

Atticus nodded, pressing Olivia's hand to his chest. "Olivia, I get it. You can't fully trust me right now, no matter what you think. But this time, I'm not letting you go."

"I know it's selfish, but I can't stand the thought of losing you again. So, can you give me another shot?"

As the eldest son of the Wilson family, he had always been taught to live for the family's responsibilities.

Even if he had no interest in those things, he couldn't show it.

He studied and worked hard all his life, just to live up to the title of the eldest son.

If he hadn't accidentally ended up in military school, his life might have continued that way.

But then, an unexpected event changed everything.

One day, he returned home from the military on a rainy day.

He was outside smoking.

A girl fourteen years younger than him suddenly appeared in his view, looking up at him with a bright, youthful face.

"Hey, you're so handsome. Can I be your girlfriend?"

He remembered laughing it off at the time, not taking it seriously.

But every time he came home after that, he would run into her.

Until one day, she kissed the corner of his lips and confessed her feelings. It was then that Atticus realized she was serious.

For years, he avoided her, not wanting to make things awkward between them.

He always thought Olivia was too young and that she would meet someone else she liked more as she grew up. Then she would understand that her feelings for him were just a fleeting crush.

But to his surprise, her love persisted until now.

He used to worry about what people would think if they knew he was dating a girl so much younger than him.

But now, he didn't care.

The thought of her becoming someone else's wife tore at his heart.

Given the choice between reputation and love, he chose the latter.

As for what others would say, let them talk. He couldn't stop them anyway.

"Atticus, why do you always make me cry?"

This must be a dream. Otherwise, why would she feel so moved?

"Don't cry, sweetheart. I know I was wrong. From now on, you can punish me however you want. I'll listen to you, okay?"

Atticus whispered in her ear, making Olivia blush again.

"Really? You'll do whatever I say?"

Olivia blinked. If she said she wanted to marry him, would he agree?

Atticus, much older and wiser, saw through her thoughts but was willing to be at her mercy.

"Of course. Whatever you want, no conditions."

This time, Olivia finally believed he truly cherished her.

Things she never dared to dream of before were now coming true.

She instinctively hugged him back, clutching his coat tightly. "Atticus, I'm so scared this is a dream. When I wake up, you'll be cold and distant again."

"I won't."

Atticus gently stroked her head, his voice low and tender. "I'll always be by your side. Even when you wake up, you'll see the same me."

They held each other tightly.

Not far away, Isabella and Emilio, who had been following them, saw this and were overjoyed.

"Finally, Atticus and Olivia made up. The Wilson family is going to have a celebration."

"Emilio, thanks for your help."

Isabella turned to high-five Emilio. In her excitement, she jumped up, but when she landed, she lost her footing and tumbled down the hillside.

"Ah!"

Emilio reached out to catch her, but missed. He watched helplessly as Isabella disappeared from view, rolling down the slope.

The steps up the hill were made of stone, with no railings, surrounded by dangerous rocks and trees.

Though the fall wasn't life-threatening, Isabella was delicate, and the sharp stones could cause serious injuries.

In a split second, Emilio didn't think twice. He dropped his bag and rushed after Isabella.

But what no one knew was that someone had been following them all along. The moment Isabella fell, that person jumped down without hesitation.

Michael had been right behind Isabella. As he jumped, he saw her rolling down.

But she was moving too fast for him to catch her.

Below was a stretch of buildings. Without the trees to break her fall, Isabella would be seriously hurt.

Michael didn't hesitate. He positioned himself to block her fall with his own body.

Only this way could Isabella avoid injury.

As Isabella tumbled down, she felt dizzy. Just as she tried to grab onto something, she saw a familiar figure nearby.

It was Michael.

He had his arms out, ready to catch her?

Isabella's mind went blank. Even a fool would know that in her current state, crashing into him would cause serious injury.

What was he thinking?

"Michael, you're crazy! Get out of the way. Ah!"

Before she could finish, she collided with Michael. The next second, she was enveloped in a warm embrace, and they rolled together.

Michael, worried she might get hurt, held her tightly.

They rolled down quite a distance until Isabella heard a muffled groan above her. Finally, they stopped.

Isabella, using her last bit of strength, stood up and saw they had crashed into a tree, narrowly avoiding disaster.

Though she was sore all over, her injuries were only superficial.

But Michael, who had risked himself to protect her, had taken the brunt of the impact. His hands and face were visibly injured from the rocks and trees.

"Michael, are you okay?"

"Michael."

Isabella checked his injuries and shook him. She realized he had passed out.

Remembering the painful groan she heard when they stopped, she understood how much danger Michael had shielded her from.

She had only suffered external injuries, but his wounds might have affected his internal organs.

Isabella grew anxious.

"Michael, wake up!"

Fearing for his safety, Isabella forgot their earlier argument and slapped his face lightly.

"Can you hear me? Wake up."

Michael slowly opened his eyes, feeling a burning pain in his back. Then he saw Isabella's worried and pained expression.

He sighed in relief.

"Isabella, are you okay? Are you hurt?"

Michael felt like his body had hit something hard. Even speaking made his chest ache.

###chapter 429 She Still Cares About Him

"I'm not hurt, but what about you? Can you get up?"

Isabella quickly explained her situation to him, but she was more worried about his condition.

Michael's face was pale, clearly from a heavy blow. He needed to get to a hospital immediately.

Her bag was still with Emilio, so the fastest way was for her to help Michael out of there and find Emilio and Atticus. That way, they would be saved.

Michael had gotten hurt saving her; she couldn't just leave him like this.

"Thank god, you're okay. I'm fine; I just want to sleep."

With that, he couldn't hold on any longer and passed out again.

"Michael, don't you dare sleep! Are you planning to leave me here alone?"

Isabella was genuinely scared.

She didn't want to owe Michael another big favor. Their relationship was supposed to end cleanly.

But seeing him like this, Isabella felt a pang in her heart, and tears started streaming down her face uncontrollably.

"Michael, wake up. Please don't scare me."

When Emilio and Atticus arrived, they saw Isabella holding Michael's head, her eyes red from crying.

"Isabella, are you okay?"

Atticus's first concern was Isabella's condition. He saw Michael too, but with Emilio there, he didn't say much.

"Uncle Atticus, you're finally here. I'm fine, but please help him. He's badly hurt."

Isabella's voice trembled as she held Michael tightly, afraid he might never wake up.

Even though she usually acted cold and indifferent towards Michael, seeing him hurt revealed her true feelings.

She still cared about him.

This scene hit Emilio hard.

It was clear that in Isabella's heart, the one she loved the most was still Michael.

If that was the case, did Emilio even have a place in her heart?

Atticus, after making a phone call, turned to Emilio, who was standing there in shock. "Emilio, take Isabella to the hospital for a check-up. I'll handle Michael. The Wilson Family will be here soon."

When it happened, he had been with Olivia, sharing an intimate moment, until Isabella's scream interrupted them.

Then he got Emilio's call, saying Isabella had fallen down the hill.

It all happened so suddenly that he didn't even know how Michael had shown up there so quickly to protect Isabella.

"No!"

Hearing that she had to leave Michael, Isabella instinctively refused, holding him even tighter.

"I'm not leaving. Michael got hurt because of me. I'm not going anywhere until he wakes up."

She had questions for him when he woke up.

She wanted to know why Michael was there and why he rushed to save her the moment she was in danger.

He hadn't mentioned divorce for a while. Did he finally realize he had feelings for her?

If that was true, then maybe her years of hope and dreams weren't in vain.

"Isabella!"

Atticus's stern voice quickly quieted her down.

"Stop being stubborn. Go with Emilio now. I'll make sure Michael gets to the hospital and is taken care of. He'll be fine, trust me."

Although Atticus had his issues with Michael, he wasn't unreasonable.

Michael had gotten hurt saving Isabella, so Atticus would ensure he got to the hospital safely.

As time ticked by, Atticus didn't give Isabella a chance to refuse. He helped her up and handed her to Emilio.

"You take her and go."

Just then, Olivia arrived, a bit late. Seeing Isabella hurt, she was about to speak but noticed Michael's severe injuries.

She was stunned and didn't know what to say.

Atticus saw her too and gently advised, "Don't stay here. Isabella's hurt. Go with her to the hospital."

Seeing Isabella's dazed state, Olivia swallowed her questions and nodded obediently. "Okay, you be careful too."

She and Emilio helped Isabella out. "Isabella, let's go to the hospital, okay?"

Isabella didn't speak until they reached the foot of the hill and got into the car. "I don't want to go to the hospital. I'm really fine. Take me to Michael. I want to know how he's doing."

If he was in so much pain that he passed out, his injuries must be severe.

Emilio fell silent.

Olivia, noticing Isabella's concern for Michael, sighed and gently persuaded, "Isabella, I know you're worried about Michael, but you're hurt too."

"You might feel fine now, but you need a check-up to be sure. And if you want to see Michael, Atticus will take him to the hospital first."

Olivia's last sentence made Isabella realize.

Right, Atticus would take Michael to the hospital. If she wanted to see him, she had to go to the same hospital.

"Okay, I'll go to the hospital."

Isabella agreed calmly.

Olivia apologized to Emilio and asked him to drive them to the nearest hospital.

Emilio looked at Isabella deeply and sighed with relief. "Of course. I'll feel better once she's checked out."

His voice was full of concern and affection.

Olivia glanced at Isabella, who was still preoccupied with thoughts of Michael, and could only sigh.

What kind of spell were they under?

Isabella and Olivia had both held on to their love for their men for over a decade, refusing to move on.

She had seen it clearly. When Emilio heard Isabella had fallen, his face changed with worry. After calling Atticus, he risked his safety to find her.

He was the first to find Isabella.

If it weren't for Emilio, who knows how long it would have taken them?

Yet, despite Emilio being a perfect man deeply in love with Isabella, she only saw him as a good friend.

Was it some kind of curse that once they fell in love, they couldn't love anyone else?

On the way to the hospital, Isabella's emotions gradually calmed down.

She held Olivia's hand and softly said, "I'm sorry. I got too emotional and made you all worry."

Earlier, when she insisted on going to Michael, she noticed Emilio's face had changed.

But she hadn't thought much about it then. Now she realized she must have hurt his feelings.

"We don't mind worrying about you. As long as you're safe, that's all that matters."

###chapter 430 The Right to Pursue

"Mr. Blair, don't you think so?"

Olivia turned to Emilio in the front row, trying to get him involved in the conversation.

After all, Emilio had helped save Isabella too. Just because he wasn't hurt didn't mean his efforts should be ignored.

As Isabella's best friend, Olivia secretly thought that a kind and thoughtful guy like Emilio was perfect for Isabella.

But it was Isabella's personal feelings, and there wasn't much she could do about it.

"Yeah, Olivia's right. Isabella, how are you feeling now? Anything still hurting?"

As soon as he said it, Emilio regretted it.

Bringing that up was just making Isabella relive her time with Michael.

If he could, he wished he had been the one injured and unconscious instead of Michael.

That way, Isabella's worry and guilt would be all for him.

He hated himself for not protecting Isabella in time. If he had shielded her, maybe she wouldn't be in this mess with Michael.

Isabella shook her head calmly. "Emilio, thanks for coming to save me. I'm fine. By the way, did Atticus tell you which hospital he's taking Michael to?"

Emilio nodded. "Yeah, Atticus said he's taking Michael to the best hospital in Evergreen City. Given Michael's status, a smaller hospital might leak info."

Atticus had trusted Emilio to handle things quickly.

Michael was the CEO of the Brown Group, and if anything serious happened to him, or if he was left with any lasting injuries from saving Isabella, the divorce agreement Isabella had worked so hard on might fall apart.

Isabella had finally managed to break free from the Brown Family, and Atticus was determined not to let her get trapped again.

Atticus believed his niece deserved a better man.

In other words, Michael needed to stay far away.

Hospital.

Under the watchful eyes of the Wilson Family's bodyguards, Michael suddenly woke up during his examination. He asked about Isabella's condition, and upon confirming she was fine, he passed out again.

The final diagnosis showed that Michael had minor scrapes, a concussion from hitting his head, and a dislocated vertebra from the impact.

Isabella's report, however, was all clear. She had no serious injuries aside from some scrapes.

But Isabella was deeply shaken.

She had seen Michael's report. The concussion was from him shielding her with his arm when they hit the rock, and the dislocated vertebra was from hitting the tree that stopped them.

All of this was because of her.

Michael didn't have to do any of it.

What was he trying to achieve? If he wanted her to feel guilty, why risk his life?

Thinking back to the situation, she felt terrified, but Michael had stood firmly in front of her, taking on all the danger.

They were supposed to be getting divorced. What was he trying to do?

Why did he choose this moment to be kind to her?

How was she supposed to move on from this relationship?

Looking at the pale-faced Michael on the hospital bed, Isabella took a deep breath. He was lying there peacefully, but did he ever think about what she was supposed to do?

Outside the hospital room, Emilio stood in front of Atticus, looking guilty. "Mr. Wilson, today's mess is on me. I couldn't protect Isabella, and that's why she ended up in such a dangerous spot."

Atticus shook his head and patted Emilio's shoulder. "Don't beat yourself up. This accident wasn't your fault. If you hadn't called me in time, I wouldn't have known Isabella was in trouble."

Atticus glanced at Emilio, then at Isabella, who was deeply worried about Michael. He felt a pang of guilt for Emilio.

He wanted Isabella to find a man who would love and cherish her for the rest of her life. And Emilio seemed like the perfect match for her. But fate had other plans.

No matter how good Emilio was, Isabella only saw him as a friend. And at the scene of the accident, her concern and anxiety for Michael said it all. From the beginning, the only person she loved was Michael. She had never truly let go of that relationship. And now, Michael had risked his life to protect her. She would never be able to accept anyone else in this lifetime.

A relationship with no future shouldn't continue. He didn't want to hurt Emilio any further. Emilio was a good man and deserved his own happiness.

"Emilio, I need to talk to you."

Atticus paused, thinking about how to say it without hurting Emilio. But Emilio interrupted him. "Mr. Wilson, whether you blame me or not, it was my failure that led to Isabella's distress. I'll accept any punishment you give me. But please don't ask me to stop pursuing Isabella. I truly care for her. This isn't a fleeting feeling or a momentary impulse. I've had these feelings for a long time. I didn't have the chance before, but now I don't want to give up my right to pursue her."

"Emilio, why put yourself through this?"

Atticus sighed. He knew Emilio liked Isabella, but he didn't realize how deep his feelings ran. But Isabella didn't feel the same way about Emilio. Continuing like this would only bring him pain.

He glanced at the hospital room, then back at Emilio, offering a heartfelt piece of advice. "You've seen how Isabella feels about Michael. I'm not trying to discourage you, but continuing like this won't lead to anything."

Emilio should understand that no matter how hard he tried, it would be in vain. Especially now that everyone could see Isabella's feelings for Michael. Supporting Emilio's pursuit would only harm him.

"I don't care!"

Emilio's eyes were resolute. "I love Isabella. Even if I can't be with her, I'm willing to cherish the time we have together. Besides, she hasn't said she'll be with Michael. I still have a chance, don't I?"

Even if she didn't choose him in the end, he would accept it. Just like when he returned from abroad and found out she was getting married. She married the man she loved most. He buried his confession deep in his heart and offered her his sincere blessings. But now that she was getting divorced, he had no reason not to fight for himself.

Atticus saw this and knew further persuasion was useless. He nodded. "Alright, I respect your choice. If you love her, go after her."

If possible, he didn't want Isabella to return to Michael either. Michael had hurt Isabella too many times.

###chapter 431  Owe You an Apology

In the ward, Michael slowly opened his eyes, and the first person he saw was Isabella.

His mind was instantly flooded with the dangerous scene of her rolling down the hill, and he immediately became anxious. "Isabella, are you okay? Are you hurt anywhere?"

The pain in his body made every word feel like a stab, but he didn't care. He just wanted to know if she was injured and how serious it was.

Seeing Michael in such a state, the first thing he did upon waking was to ask about her condition. Isabella couldn't help but feel touched. But she had more questions and had to suppress her emotions for now.

"The test results came back, and I'm fine. You're the one who's seriously hurt. Don't you care about your own condition?"

Michael felt relieved hearing she was okay and lay back on the bed, breathing heavily. "What's a little injury? I'll be fine in a few days."

Compared to Isabella's injuries, his pain was nothing. She had just gone through a miscarriage and was in a fragile state. She couldn't afford any more harm. Otherwise, he would never forgive himself.

"What do you mean, 'a little injury'?" Isabella frowned at his dismissive tone. "The doctor said you had a head injury that almost caused a severe concussion, and your bones..."

"It's nothing." Before Isabella could finish, Michael interrupted her, waving his hand dismissively. "I know my body. These injuries are no big deal. You don't need to worry about me."

Isabella was frustrated with his irresponsible attitude. "If you don't want any lasting effects, you'd better take some time to rest and recover."

"Okay, fine." Michael agreed verbally, but anyone could tell he didn't mean it and wouldn't take it to heart. It wasn't that he didn't want to rest, but the Brown Group was facing too many issues lately. The Adri Family was watching him like a hawk, waiting for any slip-up to pounce and slowly take over the Brown Group. In such a situation, how could he rest?

But he couldn't let Isabella know about this. Their families were closely connected, and he wasn't sure if Nolan really intended to introduce her to his grandfather. He didn't want to take that risk. Her life was peaceful and happy now, and that was enough.

"Michael, why did you save me?" Isabella's eyes were fixed on him, demanding an answer. Since he woke up, besides asking about her condition, he had been avoiding her, even becoming cold and impatient. If he really hated her so much, why did he choose to save her?

Michael was stunned by her question and instinctively looked up, only to meet Isabella's piercing gaze. At that moment, Michael felt like Isabella had seen right through him. For the first time, he avoided her eyes, looking down and not answering her question directly. Instead, he sincerely apologized.

"Isabella, I've wronged you all these years. Whether you accept it or not, I owe you an apology."

Three years of marriage, from her initial warmth and kindness to her eventual coldness and numbness, it was all because of him. If he hadn't allowed Bianca to pick on her, if he hadn't let his family ignore her, if he hadn't constantly neglected her, Isabella wouldn't have become like this.

When she asked for a divorce, he was angry and resentful, but there wasn't much love.

But as he spent more time with her, he was forced to understand her, to uncover the side of her he never knew.

He found himself becoming obsessed with her, thinking about her all the time.

He realized he was truly in love with her, perhaps it was inevitable.

He started caring about her actions, where she went, who she met.

Until Nolan's return made him lose his mind completely.

It was then he truly understood that loving someone wasn't about being domineering and controlling, but about mutual understanding and respect.

But by then, Isabella was no longer willing to forgive him.

Isabella bit her lip.

Memories of the past flashed through her mind, and she controlled her emotions to keep from crying.

Maybe Michael didn't understand why she insisted on the divorce.

It was because she had a grudge in her heart.

As long as that grudge remained, she could never reconcile with him.

He knew better than anyone what kind of life she had in the Brown Family.

But she never cared about that; she only cared about him.

But he forgot that she was the wife he married.

He didn't have to love her, but he couldn't humiliate her, especially by teaming up with Bianca, whom she hated the most, to mess with her.

She believed she had given him enough face as his wife, but he wouldn't even touch her.

She just wanted a child, a child of their own.

For that, she even lowered herself to beg him, but he told her to get out.

One thing after another piled up, how could she forget?

If he had treated her a little better back then, they wouldn't have so much resentment between them.

Now, they had reached the end of their marriage.

But he showed up at this moment, risking his life to protect her, and personally apologized for the past three years.

Isabella felt a void in her heart.

So much time had passed, and the grudge had settled deep in her heart, but his simple apology felt like a cloud drifting in front of her.

It was so light, yet it weighed her down, making it hard to breathe.

He was like a potent poison; once touched, it was impossible to get rid of.

And she had been deeply entangled for years.

The apology that came three years late made all her pent-up resentment seem to dissipate in the wind.

Isabella's emotions suddenly became unusually calm.

She clearly felt that the suppressed emotions in her heart seemed to start beating again.

Whether it was because she couldn't truly let go of this relationship or still had hopes for Michael, she accepted it all.

But she needed to know the real reason.

"Michael, I accept your apology. It's what I deserve."

She tried hard to control her emotions. "But since it's all in the past, let's not bring it up again. Our current situation was destined from the start."

She just wanted to know one thing. "I just want to ask you, why were you at Graceful Haven Church today? Why did you follow me and Emilio, and why did you risk your life to save me when I fell?"

Her fall was purely accidental.

Even Emilio, who was right beside her, couldn't react in time.

How did Michael see her in trouble and rush to catch her at the bottom?

###chapter 432  Repay the Debt

Unless, Michael had never left at all. He had been watching her from behind the entire time.

That's how he managed to reach her just in time and save her.

This was the most plausible explanation she could think of.

If that were true, it meant Michael cared about her. He risked his life to save her, didn't he?

Michael had no idea why Isabella was so insistent on getting to the bottom of this.

Not wanting to come off as a stalker, he pressed his lips together and finally spoke after a long pause.

"I didn't know it was you who fell. It was just a coincidence."

This was the best excuse Michael could come up with.

He couldn't possibly tell Isabella that he was worried about her being alone with Emilio, so he had secretly followed them, keeping an eye on her every move.

That would only make her resent him.

So, even if Isabella didn't believe him, he couldn't tell her the truth.

Admitting that he had followed his wife and another man up the mountain would be too humiliating.

"Michael, do you think I'm a child? Do you believe your own words?"

Isabella had waited a long time for an answer, only to be met with Michael's dismissive response.

She had been so worried about him that she almost cried, but when he woke up, he was still full of lies.

He was driving her crazy.

Michael looked deeply into her eyes. God knew how much he wanted to tell her the truth, to hold her and comfort her.

But now wasn't the right time. The Brown Group was trying to interfere, and the Adri Family overseas was watching him closely.

Bianca was in Auroria, and given Bianca's hatred for both him and Isabella...

If he admitted everything now, Isabella would inevitably get dragged into it.

And she would become their next target.

He didn't want her to get hurt.

So, he had to keep things under wraps for now.

"Isabella, I told you it was just a coincidence. If you don't believe me, there's nothing I can do. I went to Graceful Haven Church not for you, but because Mom wanted me to pray for her. I had no choice but to go."

"If you don't believe me, you can ask her yourself."

Michael shifted the blame onto his mother, Stella, because he was sure Isabella wouldn't confront Stella over something so trivial.

And she certainly wouldn't step foot into the Brown Family's home for his sake.

"Michael, are you really not willing to tell me a single truth?"

Isabella's suppressed emotions were about to burst.

She had loved him for over a decade, deeply and passionately. She thought she would never receive his love, but today she felt his concern.

Yet he claimed it was all a coincidence.

How could she accept that?

"When you held me, you were so tense. I don't believe you don't care about me at all."

Isabella couldn't hold back her question any longer.

She desperately wanted to know the answer.

"Michael, we've been married for three years, and this is the first time you've made me feel like you care about me, even a little. Are you sure this is all just my imagination?"

She didn't believe he didn't know how much she cared about him.

In the past, a single glance from him, a moment of attention, would fill her with joy.

Maybe these things meant nothing to Bianca, but Isabella cherished every little bit of it.

Because it was the warmth she had longed for but could never attain.

"Yes, it's all an illusion."

Michael shattered Isabella's hopes without hesitation.

He also destroyed any last possibility between them.

Compared to Isabella's safety, he could sacrifice anything.

Besides, he hadn't forgotten that the person Isabella truly loved was Nolan, not him.

When Nolan suddenly disappeared, Isabella, heartbroken, mistook him for Nolan and did everything she could to marry him.

Michael kept telling himself that Isabella was only asking these questions to find an outlet for the pain of those three years.

If he admitted the truth, she would undoubtedly mock him.

Isabella didn't like him.

She had always been indifferent and disdainful towards him. How could she possibly develop feelings for him just because he saved her once? It was impossible!

"Michael, is this your answer? You don't even have the courage to admit it. Can you still call yourself a man?"

Isabella's eyes were red as she glared at him.

"Or is it that admitting you care about me is so hard for you?"

Isabella didn't give him a chance to back down. Michael looked into her eyes, filled with pain and despair.

Was it really because of him?

Michael's heart trembled. As Isabella said, he didn't dare face her like this.

He didn't even dare to ask if her words meant she cared about him too.

He feared the answer would be someone else's name.

That would only bring him more pain.

He shook his head, unsure if he was admitting his cowardice or just wanting to end the conversation.

"Isabella, I don't know why you're thinking about this. I chose to save you because you're still my wife, the mother of my child. You lost our child because of me. I owe you a life."

"Consider this my way of repaying that debt. Please, don't hold any more grudges against me."

Isabella's face turned pale.

So, he risked his life to save her not because he cared, but to atone for the loss of their child.

But what about her?

What did she mean to him? After all these years, he couldn't even say he cared about her.

She was his wife, yet she could never earn his love.

She understood now.

It was all her wishful thinking, her unrequited love for Michael.

"Fine, as you said, we're even now. I don't hate you anymore, Michael."

Isabella stood up calmly and took a step back. "No matter what, thank you for saving me today. The Wilson Family will cover all your hospital expenses. If you need anything else, you can ask Atticus."

"I don't want anything."

Michael shook his head. He saved Isabella willingly; it had nothing to do with money.

Isabella bit her lip hard. "Then, goodbye."

She turned and walked out the door.

As the hospital room door closed, her face was already streaked with tears. She wiped them away with the back of her hand and walked away briskly.

What was this? She thought her years of waiting had finally borne fruit.

She had laid her heart bare before him, but he had coldly said it was just a life for a life.

Olivia had been waiting outside for Isabella. When she saw her come out, she was about to ask what happened, but Isabella suddenly hugged her tightly.

"Isabella?"

"Olivia, it hurts so much."

Isabella didn't want anyone to see her in such a vulnerable state. She buried her face in Olivia's embrace and cried softly.

The more subdued her sobs, the more Olivia could feel Isabella's pain.

She sighed and gently patted Isabella's back.

"Isabella, if you need to cry, just let it out. It might make you feel a little better."

###chapter 433 This Time Really Saying Goodbye

For years, Olivia had been the one who truly understood just how deeply Isabella loved Michael.

And it was exactly because of this that she didn't want Isabella to make the same mistakes again.

But she hadn't expected Isabella to be so affected by Michael's every move. He got a little hurt, and Isabella was already losing her cool.

Even her previous attitude towards Michael had shifted.

"Isabella, you gotta let go of Michael. It's time to move on," Olivia couldn't help but advise her.

As a friend, she couldn't stand to see Isabella clinging to a hopeless love and suffering so much.

"Olivia, I get it," Isabella said in a raspy voice. She understood everything, but why did it still hurt so much when Michael said he wasn't there for her?

He could spoil Bianca without a second thought, but he couldn't show her even a little care?

Why?

He agreed to marry her, yet he wouldn't give her even a bit of love.

She had told herself a thousand times to let go, but every time, she softened because of his small acts of kindness.

But thanks to what he said in the hospital room, she could finally see her place in this relationship clearly.

After today, she wouldn't have any more expectations of him.

After a while, Isabella lifted her head from Olivia's embrace, wiped away her tears, and smiled at her.

"Olivia, I'm not sad. After this, I can finally cut ties with him completely and never have any illusions about him again."

She would never think of him again.

But Olivia, who had known her for over a decade, wasn't fooled by Isabella's words.

She knew Isabella was just pretending to be strong.

Olivia understood the pain of loving someone who didn't love you back. She had experienced the agony of having to force herself to let go when she didn't want to.

"Isabella, don't do this. If you want to cry, just cry. No one will laugh at you. Seeing you like this breaks my heart. It's not your fault, so why should you bear all this pain?"

"It's all Michael's fault. From now on, we'll stay far away from him and pretend he doesn't exist."

Olivia had always thought no one had a more heartbreaking love story than hers.

She had loved for so many years without any response.

But she hadn't realized that Isabella's pain was a thousand times worse.

Olivia's words almost brought tears back to Isabella's eyes.

That's right.

She was just pretending to be strong.

Those words weren't her true feelings, but she was in so much pain. She wanted to forget Michael.

Only by completely forgetting him could she start anew.

But she had overestimated her ability to let go of her love for him and her persistence.

Someone she had silently loved for over a decade couldn't be forgotten just because she said so.

In the hospital room earlier, she had really wanted to pour out all the love she had kept inside for years.

She wanted to know his thoughts after hearing her feelings.

She wanted to ask if he had ever felt even a little bit for her over the years.

Even if he rejected her, she would accept it.

But he said, "Isabella, I saved you only for that poor child, a life for a life."

It was this sentence that extinguished all her thoughts.

She couldn't say another word.

She loved Michael deeply, but she also had self-respect and dignity.

In that situation, if she had still shamelessly asked if he had any feelings for her, even she would have felt utterly humiliated.

She wasn't just Isabella; she was also the heir to the Wilson Group.

She couldn't let her dignity be trampled on.

So, she held back her questions and let go of her last bit of hope for Michael.

From now on, she wouldn't soften towards him or let his matters disturb her peace.

Maybe this was a good thing for her.

After all, everyone around her had hoped she would separate from Michael.

Olivia continued to comfort her.

"Isabella, don't waste your tears on that jerk. Michael's a jerk who deserves to be left in the dust. He doesn't know how to appreciate someone as amazing as you. I can't wait for the day he regrets it, so I can laugh in his face."

Olivia glared at the hospital room door, her eyes practically shooting sparks.

If Michael hadn't been hurt because of Isabella, she would have stormed in and slapped him by now.

The person who loved him the most was right beside him, yet he was too blind to see it.

He would regret it one day.

Isabella shook her head slightly. From the moment she had said "goodbye" to Michael, she had already stopped caring about him.

"Olivia, I don't want to think about the future. I just want to live well in the present. As for him, he has nothing to do with me anymore."

Seeing that Isabella had come to terms with it, Olivia quickly nodded in agreement. "That's right. From now on, we'll live our best lives. Why waste our emotions on someone like Michael?"

"Okay," Isabella said, pressing her lips together and wiping away the last traces of her tears.

She turned and saw Atticus and Emilio walking towards her.

Atticus immediately noticed something was wrong with Isabella and frowned. "Isabella, what's wrong? Why are your eyes so red?"

Isabella shook her head, unwilling to say more. "Uncle Atticus, I'm fine. I just got some dust in my eyes on the way here."

Seeing that Isabella didn't want to talk, Atticus turned his gaze to Olivia, hoping to get an answer from her.

Olivia glanced at Isabella and then at Atticus. Torn between her best friend and the man she liked, she could only say, "Isabella was startled. Let's go home for now."

After all, Emilio was still there.

Atticus instantly understood Olivia's meaning. He had been too anxious. Seeing Isabella cry, he had forgotten there were others around.

"Alright, you take Isabella home. I'll handle the rest."

After all, Michael's status and position were significant, and he had been hurt because of Isabella. He couldn't just ignore it.

Michael could have anything the Wilson family could offer, but if he dared to mess with Isabella again, Atticus wouldn't let him off.

Isabella nodded, picked up her bag, and started walking.

At that moment, Olivia turned to Emilio. "Mr. Blair, could I trouble you with something?"

Emilio instinctively looked at Atticus. He knew their relationship well.

He spoke cautiously, "Ms. Smith, what do you need?"

Olivia smiled. "Mr. Blair, don't worry. It's nothing major. Isabella isn't feeling well, and I thought having someone accompany her on the way home would be good. Of course, only if you're not busy."

Her words were almost a direct hint to give Emilio and Isabella some alone time.

Emilio naturally didn't want to miss such a good opportunity.

"I have time, but..."

Emilio glanced at Isabella. Without her consent, he didn't dare follow.

Isabella hadn't walked far and had heard Olivia and Emilio's conversation clearly.

She knew Olivia was trying to help her move on from Michael, and Emilio was undoubtedly the most suitable candidate.

###chapter 434  Will the Wilson Family Take Action?

Isabella turned around, slowly lifting her head to meet his expectant gaze. "Emilio, sorry to trouble you."

Emilio's eyes lit up. "Not at all, taking you home is no problem."

Isabella forced a smile and nodded. "Alright, let's go."

Emilio quickly caught up, offering his arm for Isabella to hold. He then greeted Atticus before they left.

Outside, the Wilson Family's bodyguards were stationed, ready to escort Isabella and Emilio. Atticus had no reason to worry about their safety.

As their figures faded into the distance, the gentle expression on Atticus's face disappeared.

His eyes turned cold as he walked towards Michael's hospital room.

In the past, he had tolerated Michael out of respect for the relationship between the Brown and Wilson families and for Isabella's happiness.

He feared that if he hurt Michael, it would be Isabella who would suffer.

So he had held back.

Today, what Michael did indeed changed Atticus's opinion of him. Although he saved Isabella, a debt is a debt; the Wilson family would repay his kindness, but the fact that he bullied Isabella could not just be overlooked.

Isabella had been worried sick about him, and yet, as soon as he woke up, he made her cry.

The door was pushed open forcefully, and Atticus's tall figure appeared in the room. He took a few steps to the sofa opposite the hospital bed.

He crossed his long legs, leaned forward slightly, and stared at Michael with suppressed anger, exuding a strong sense of intimidation.

Michael didn't need to guess why Atticus was here.

Isabella's five uncles were extremely protective, especially when it came to their niece.

Knowing that he had wronged Isabella, it was already a courtesy that Atticus had waited this long to confront him.

But Atticus said nothing.

He just stared at Michael with a murderous look.

It felt like a sharp knife was hanging over Michael's head, and he never knew when it would drop and end his life.

Maybe in the next second, maybe when he wasn't paying attention.

This unknown torment was far more excruciating than any blatant threat or intimidation.

Michael knew Atticus was a former special forces soldier, and this silent interrogation was his specialty. But it was Michael who couldn't take it any longer.

He decided to speak up.

"Uncle Atticus, if you have something to say, just say it. There's no need to torture me like this."

Michael's voice was still hoarse from just waking up.

He realized that unless Atticus vented his anger, he wouldn't have any peace.

Atticus snorted coldly. "Mr. Brown, you're exaggerating. You're the Wilson Family's savior. Of course, I came to check on you. But I haven't done anything since I got here. How is that torturing you?"

"And I've reminded you more than once, you and Isabella are no longer married. You should stop calling me 'Uncle.'"

Every word Atticus said was polite, but together, they left Michael speechless.

Michael didn't want to divorce Isabella, so he wouldn't change how he addressed Atticus.

"Uncle Atticus, Isabella and I are still married, so I will continue to call you that."

Atticus's face darkened suddenly. "Michael, you need to let it go. No matter how much you cling, Isabella's never coming back to you."

Michael was so angry he almost passed out.

He took a deep breath and sat up. "Atticus, before I state my position, I want to ask you something else."

"If the Brown Group were targeted overnight and faced a crisis, would the Wilson Family step in?"

Though it was a test, only Michael knew the Brown Family was truly on the brink.

Atticus looked up at him and quickly answered.

"The Wilson Family doesn't get involved in matters that don't concern us."

Since Daniel's death, the relationship between the Wilson and Brown families had ended.

As for Michael and Isabella's marriage, her uncles had long considered it over.

They wouldn't help him; they were already being kind by not taking the opportunity to crush Michael and make him pay.

He was dreaming if he thought they would help.

"It seems my guess was right."

Michael smiled bitterly. "But I didn't expect you to be so direct, without any hesitation."

The result didn't surprise him.

Their families' connection was based on his marriage to Isabella, but he couldn't even face how he had treated her over the past three years.

How could he expect the Wilson Family to help him in his time of need?

Atticus's answer was likely out of respect for Aiden and Daniel's long friendship.

"Why hesitate? The Brown Family's issues have nothing to do with the Wilson Family. I'm just stating the facts."

Atticus's cold words made him frown. "Does this have anything to do with Isabella?"

He had heard about the Brown Group's recent turmoil. Since Isabella and Michael weren't officially divorced, any trouble with the Brown Group could affect Isabella.

He needed to inform Thomas to finalize Isabella and Michael's divorce quickly to avoid any complications.

Michael didn't answer, just lowered his head and asked another way.

"Atticus, if Isabella and I still had feelings for each other, and she cared about me, would the Wilson Family step in if the Brown Group was in trouble?"

Atticus's face turned black.

"You're delusional! After everything you've done to Isabella, you think she still has feelings for you?"

"Do you really think she is so strong that she can be hurt over and over without it mattering? She's human too. How can you expect her to stay by your side after you've broken her heart?"

Michael's ears rang.

It felt like his heart was being squeezed, making it hard to breathe.

Every word from Atticus was like a mountain pressing down on him, making him feel the weight of his guilt towards Isabella.

He knew better than anyone how much pain and suffering Isabella had endured over the years.

But he needed an answer.

He clenched his fists and took a deep breath. "Uncle Atticus, please answer my question. If we still had feelings for each other, what would Isabella do if the Brown Group was in trouble?"

Atticus was speechless.

Michael knew how to hit where it hurt.

Everyone in the Wilson Family knew that Isabella had a soft spot for Michael, despite everything.

If she found out the Brown Family was in trouble, even if she pretended not to care, she wouldn't be able to let go of Michael.

###chapter 435 Only Want to Protect Her

Atticus lowered his gaze, speaking calmly. "If that's really the case, Isabella wouldn't just throw the Wilson Family's resources at the Brown Group's problems. But she'd be right there with you, fighting by your side. She wouldn't leave you hanging."

The Wilson Family was like that-they'd sacrifice everything for their loved ones but wouldn't drain the family's resources.

Michael let out a deep breath. When he looked up, his eyes were filled with complex emotions. "Yeah, she's someone who keeps her promises. Even if it's just in name, she wouldn't abandon me, especially with her feelings for me."

Michael bit his lip, trying hard to hold back the rest of his words. "But with her health right now, she can't handle that kind of stress. You know how stubborn Isabella is, Uncle Atticus. Once she makes up her mind, there's no changing it."

"You don't need to tell me that. I know my niece." Atticus suddenly narrowed his eyes, his sharp gaze sweeping over Michael lying on the hospital bed, as if confirming something. "The Brown Group is really in trouble!"

It was a statement, not a question.

Michael's achievements while managing the Brown Group over the past few years were evident. He was appointed as the heir to the Brown Group at twenty, and then Nolan disappeared from Evergreen City. For nearly four years, Michael had single-handedly supported the entire Brown Group. He went from being doubted for his abilities compared to Nolan to becoming a well-known figure in Evergreen City. His professionalism and management skills had likely surpassed Nolan's.

But now, Michael kept mentioning the Brown Group's troubles. If it weren't true, who would curse their own company like that?

Michael rarely fell silent. He lowered his head slightly, the desolate look on his face saying it all.

The business world was like a battlefield, with ups and downs being normal, especially for a large enterprise like the Brown Group. Being targeted was common. But this time, the impact was too significant. He couldn't let Isabella know. He didn't want to drag her into this mess. Her health couldn't take any more strain.

He wasn't stupid. He could hear the pain and concern in Isabella's words earlier. She was waiting for him to say those words. Once he did, she would admit she still had feelings for him. God knows how ecstatic he was when he confirmed she still cared about him!

She cared about him. That simple sentence was like a ticket from hell to heaven for Michael. But the next second, he was back to reality.

The Brown Group was in trouble. There was a mole in his company. The Adri Family had set a massive trap for him in the Auroria mining project, where he had invested nearly a billion dollars. If he stepped into it, the Brown Group would be ensnared. And he would become a puppet in the Adri Family's hands.

So, he couldn't let Isabella know his feelings now. He knew her too well. If he confessed now, what would happen next? With the Brown Group in trouble, he would have to rush over immediately. If he didn't handle it in time, he might face even greater consequences.

At that point, he wouldn't be able to be there for Isabella. On the contrary, once Isabella found out, she'd jump right in to help him, no questions asked, tackling the problems head-on.

That was the last thing he wanted.

He hadn't been able to give her a stable life during their three years of marriage, and he already felt guilty enough.

How could he let her suffer with him again?

And there was one more crucial point.

The Adri Family's intentions were clear. Their target wasn't just the Brown Group. If he was right, once this plot succeeded, the Adri Family's next target would be the Wilson Group.

The Wilson Group was Daniel's lifelong achievement and the most important thing to Isabella.

If anyone dared to target the Wilson Group, Isabella would fight them with everything she had.

So, he had only one choice left.

He had to use the Brown Group to fight the Adri Family, even if it meant risking everything. As long as he could crush the Adri Family, it would be a victory.

Only then would the Wilson Family be safe.

That was why he had to harden his heart and say those hurtful words, preferring to drive Isabella away rather than admit he had any feelings for her.

But when she left, he thought he saw her crying.

Atticus, waiting for Michael to get to the point, finally spoke up. "The Brown Group has been under your management for years, and it's been doing better and better. How could it suddenly be in trouble?"

Michael shook his head. He already knew the answer and would handle the rest himself. "Uncle Atticus, I wasn't looking for help with what I said earlier. I just wanted to confirm something. I can handle the company. I'm just worried about Isabella."

He paused, sighed, and continued, "I owe her so much that I haven't had a chance to make up for it. How can I let her get caught up in this mess? Only by maintaining our current relationship can I protect her safety to the greatest extent."

Atticus's expression changed upon hearing this.

As a man, he understood the sincerity in Michael's words.

But he never expected Michael to hide his feelings so deeply.

He even fooled Isabella.

"Michael, you better be telling the truth, or else."

"I swear, every word I said is true. If there's any lie, I'll go to hell."

Seeing Michael's solemn oath, Atticus had no choice but to accept this reality.

No matter his reasons for hiding the truth for so long, if it was for Isabella's safety, Atticus's view of Michael changed.

Michael seemed different from what he had imagined.

Since he didn't want the Wilson Family to intervene, Atticus didn't say more.

After all, if outsiders intervened too early in company matters, it would only lead to more gossip.

Their divorce rumors had already spread. If Michael accepted the Wilson Family's help now, it would be like admitting to the public that he couldn't handle things himself.

The fact that he could still calmly arrange a way out for Isabella at this time showed that Michael had some backbone.

Atticus appreciated that.

Since the conversation had reached this point, there was no need to stay. Atticus decisively stood up and said to Michael, "I'll take care of Isabella. You don't need to worry."

With that, he left.

At the door, Atticus couldn't help but turn back and leave one last remark.

"Michael, as Isabella's uncle, I don't want the person spending the rest of her life with her to be you. But Isabella is too stubborn, I have no choice."

###chapter 436  Discharge from the Hospital Now

"The Wilson family usually doesn't get involved in other people's business, but if you really need help, just give me a call."

Atticus waved his hand, not giving Michael a chance to respond, and left, closing the door behind him.

In the hospital room, Michael stared at the closed door, his mind racing.

Atticus had just offered to help him personally.

In the past, every time Atticus saw him, he seemed ready to beat him half to death to vent his anger.

Now, Atticus was willing to help him unconditionally, without even asking for a reason.

How could he not be moved?

He had already received all this when he married Isabella, but back then, it was like he was blind to it, ignoring all the kindness from Isabella and the Wilson family.

He almost missed out on Isabella's love for him.

Thinking back to the years he missed with Isabella, he regretted it deeply.

If he had realized her goodness and understood his own feelings back then, wouldn't they be the happiest couple in the world now?

They might even have had their own children by now, avoiding all this mess.

It was all his fault for waking up too late.

He realized his feelings too late and saw through the Adri family's schemes too late.

Remembering the important matters he had to investigate at the company today, Michael didn't hesitate to throw off the covers and stride out of the room.

As he opened the door, he bumped into a nurse pushing an IV cart.

The nurse's face turned pale with shock. "Mr. Brown, you-"

He had just undergone an examination. How could he be out of bed now?

Michael didn't care. Seeing someone approaching, he said directly, "I'm checking out. Inform the doctor."

With that, he hurried to leave.

The nurse, panicking, tried to stop him. "No, no, you can't. You just got injured, and it's been less than an hour. You can't leave the hospital now."

At this moment, the bodyguards outside sensed something was wrong and came over.

Atticus had just instructed them to keep an eye on Michael before he left. They couldn't let Michael check out right after Atticus left, could they?

"Move aside. I said I'm checking out. Don't you understand?"

Michael winced slightly from the pain as he moved. His back had hit a tree when he was holding Isabella, and now even the slightest movement caused sharp pain.

The nurse, seeing this, was troubled. "Mr. Brown, it's not that we won't let you go, but your injuries are severe. If you don't rest properly, it could lead to complications."

"Move!"

Michael's tone left no room for negotiation, only a cold command.

The aura he exuded made it impossible for anyone to argue.

"If you're worried about explaining this, you can call Atticus right now. He won't stop me."

Atticus already knew about the Brown Group's issues. He would understand.

Michael's reason for coming out today was to catch his assistant Ruby off guard. He had to be there.

Only by identifying the mole in the company could he follow the clues and investigate further.

Moreover, the document with his forged signature had already been sent out. No one knew what might happen before it was intercepted.

So, he had to be ready for anything.

At such a critical moment, how could he stay in the hospital?

The bodyguards, knowing Michael, didn't dare to stop him and quickly stepped aside.

The nurse, holding the IV bottle, watched helplessly as he left.

The next second, the bodyguard called Atticus.

"Mr. Wilson, Michael just left the hospital. He insisted on checking out and said he had already informed you, and you agreed."

On the other end of the line, Atticus, sitting in his car on the way back to the Wilson family, sighed in frustration upon hearing the news.

"Forget it. If he's made up his mind, let him be. You guys come back."

He had underestimated Michael's determination.

With the Brown Group in trouble, how could Michael stay in the hospital?

After hanging up, Atticus called Holden.

"Holden, check on the Brown Group's situation. See what's going on."

Holden had just returned home after hearing about Isabella's fall. Seeing Isabella with red eyes, he knew what had happened.

Hearing that Michael had saved Isabella, he was still upset.

"Atticus, Isabella is divorcing Michael. What does the Brown Group's business have to do with us? Why investigate?"

"Didn't you see Isabella come back with red eyes? It must be related to that jerk Michael. I feel like going to the hospital to kill him!"

Holden's tone made Atticus feel both helpless and unsurprised.

Before realizing Michael's genuine concern for Isabella, he had felt the same way about Michael.

"Holden, calm down. This is serious."

"The Brown Group might be in big trouble soon. We need to be prepared to avoid any impact. If they really face a crisis, we need to be ready."

Hearing this, Holden's curiosity was piqued.

"Atticus, is this information reliable?"

Holden, though not involved in company management, had been exposed to these matters for a long time. The Brown Group was a significant entity, and any major move would cause a stir.

And Atticus was always cautious. He wouldn't mention it unless there was a sign.

So, was the Brown Group really in trouble?

"Just investigate. Why so many questions?"

Atticus didn't want to say too much over the phone, especially about Michael.

Holden was with Isabella now. If he told him, Holden might spill everything to Isabella before Atticus even got home.

Although Michael had shown his true self in the hospital, Atticus still didn't want Isabella to reconcile with him.

As an elder, Atticus hoped Isabella would be with someone like Emilio, who had a gentle nature.

Michael was destined to work hard for the Brown Group, while Isabella had her own mission. If she accommodated him, her future would be tough.

But Emilio was different.

He wasn't overly ambitious. Even if he wanted to make a mark in the business world, he could manage the Wilson Group.

This way, Isabella wouldn't have to work hard, and her loved one would be by her side. It was a win-win.

Unfortunately, matters of the heart couldn't be arranged by others. Otherwise, Isabella wouldn't have suffered so much and still devoted her heart to Michael.

###chapter 437  Predicament

The Brown Group.

Michael returned to his office, his face pale, but his suit concealed the bandages underneath, hiding any signs of injury. He wouldn't let anyone see his weakness. A man in a precarious situation, if seen injured, would only embolden his enemies.

"Mr. Brown, are you back?" Ruby, his assistant, knocked on the door cautiously.

"Yeah, come in."

Michael straightened up, showing no signs of discomfort.

"Mr. Brown, the meeting's set. You can head to the conference room in half an hour."

"Got it. Did you make copies of the documents I asked for?"

Ruby nodded, placing the documents on his desk. "They're all here. I didn't hand them out since you weren't back yet."

Michael took the documents and flipped through them, casually asking, "Did you read through these?"

Ruby hesitated, glancing at Michael's expression. Seeing he wasn't angry, she nodded. "I saw some of it."

Michael had been waiting for this. He looked up, his gaze piercing. "Really?"

"Tell me your thoughts. If you show improvement, I might consider you for a special assistant position. How about that?"

Michael's tone was serious, and anyone unfamiliar with him might have believed him.

Ruby's eyes lit up with excitement. She clearly believed him.

"Mr. Brown, please don't be upset, but I think the terms in these documents are outrageous. Even if the client has the upper hand, their demands are excessive. If it were up to me, this project wouldn't have passed the first review."

She stopped herself from saying more, knowing her place as a mere assistant.

But it was enough for Michael to gauge her thoughts.

He narrowed his eyes, feeling something was off.

The documents were deliberately altered versions of those sent by Auroria, with only the names changed. The content was identical.

He had suspected that if Ruby were a mole planted by the Adri Family, she would have sided with them or at least remained neutral.

But she had considered the company's perspective.

Was she that good an actress, or was his judgment off?

Unable to determine her allegiance, he dismissed her and leaned back in his chair, closing his eyes.

The painkillers had worn off, and he was in severe pain. If not for the chair, he might not have been able to stand.

Seeing he had some time, Michael grabbed his coat and slowly walked to the lounge to rest.

After leaving the office, Ruby slipped into a stairwell corner, out of the camera's view. She pulled out a second phone with only one number saved.

She didn't call but sent a text.

[Michael is suspicious of me. He just tested me with a project proposal from Auroria. I can't stay here any longer!]

The reply came quickly.

[Not now. Leaving will only alert him. Stay put and wait for my orders.]

Ruby clenched the phone, frustrated. She had risked so much for him, and now he wanted her to stay despite the danger? How could he be so heartless?

She pressed on.

[If I don't leave now and he finds out what I've done for you, we could both be exposed!]

He might not care about her safety, but Ruby couldn't be sure he wouldn't let her get hurt. Unbeknownst to her, he had never really cared about this.

[Exposure is not a concern. The entire Brown Group will be mine soon. Just keep an eye on Michael. Report any unusual activity.]

Ruby was about to close the phone but remembered Michael's pale face. She sent another message.

[Michael does seem off. He looked very pale, like he was injured.]

The response was immediate.

[Find out if he's really hurt and inform me immediately.]

[Don't worry, your efforts won't go unrewarded. You'll get what you want once this is over.]

At a lakeside villa, Nolan sat on the balcony, closing his phone with a faint smile. Fate seemed to be on his side. Michael was injured at such a crucial time. Did this mean Nolan would soon have everything he desired?

A knock on the door interrupted his thoughts.

"Come in," Nolan said, his voice low.

Two bodyguards in black suits entered, heads bowed.

"Mr. Nolan Brown, urgent news. Ms. Taylor was injured today."

Nolan assumed they meant Bianca and dismissed it. "Noted. Don't report anything about Bianca to me anymore."

He didn't care to hear about her.

The bodyguards exchanged glances, one explaining, "No, we meant Ms. Isabella Taylor, the one you've been monitoring closely."

"What did you say?"

Nolan's expression darkened as he stood up quickly. "Isabella is hurt? What happened? Where is she?"

"Ms. Isabella Taylor was injured at Graceful Haven Church. The details are unclear, but she was helped into a car by a man, with visible injuries."

"The Wilson Family is guarding the hospital tightly, so we couldn't get more information."

Nolan focused on the key point, his brow furrowing.

"You said Isabella was with a man?"

He had been busy plotting to take over the Brown Group, keeping Michael preoccupied. Michael wouldn't have had time to see Isabella. How had she found someone new so quickly?

"Who was it? Was it Michael?"

As long as it wasn't Michael, Nolan was confident he could win Isabella back.

The bodyguards shook their heads. Michael and Nolan were brothers and looked quite similar. They wouldn't mistake one for the other.

"No, the man looked unfamiliar, but I heard Ms. Isabella Taylor call him Emilio."

###chapter 438 Michael Doesn't Like Her

Nolan instantly recognized the man with Isabella.

Emilio!

He was now the Vice President of the Wilson Group and Isabella's childhood friend.

"They went to Graceful Haven Church together?"

To outsiders, it looked like a date.

Nolan hadn't forgotten Michael's "reminder" at the Brown Family last time.

His face darkened, feeling a clear sense of crisis, but he didn't show it.

He ordered, "Get a gift ready. I need to see Isabella."

"Yes, Mr. Brown."

The bodyguard responded and left.

Nolan stood by the window, clenching his fists.

Isabella was his, and no one could take her away.

Meanwhile, at the Wilson Family home, Isabella was quietly sipping the fruit tea Cinda had made for her in the living room. With the weather getting colder, the hot fruit tea was a good choice.

Facing the everyday fruit tea made by Cinda, Isabella knew she couldn't argue with her, so she went along with it.

Holden, after hanging up Atticus's call, sat next to Isabella. He wanted to ask about what happened at Graceful Haven Church but was afraid of bringing up painful memories for her.

He hesitated for a long time but couldn't bring himself to ask.

Instead, Isabella looked at Holden and asked, "Uncle Holden, what have you been up to these days? Why haven't you come to see me at the Wilson Family home?"

Atticus hadn't come back because Olivia was here, but what was Holden busy with?

Holden felt a headache coming on just thinking about the things he had been investigating recently.

Isabella was already in poor health, and he didn't want to worry her.

"Of course, I wanted to see you. It's just that Atticus has been busy, and I had to help him out a bit, which delayed me."

With the topic opened, Holden directly asked, "Isabella, I heard from Atticus that Michael saved you today. What exactly happened? How did he just happen to run into you?"

"Holden, why are you bringing up the most inappropriate topic? Isabella doesn't want to hear about Michael right now."

Olivia, who was nearby, glared at Holden angrily.

"We were just chatting, and you interrupted us."

Holden didn't know that Olivia was the person Atticus liked. He just thought Olivia had a bad temper, even daring to interrupt her elder.

"You brought up Isabella's painful memories on purpose. How could I not intervene?"

"You!"

"Alright, don't argue. I know you're both looking out for me. Just ask whatever you want. There's nothing I can't talk about."

Isabella patted Olivia's hand, signaling her not to be angry.

Isabella had come to terms with it.

Seeing this, Holden didn't hold back and asked directly, "What's going on with you and Michael? Did he mess with you again?"

Otherwise, why would Michael show up when they were about to get divorced?

Isabella shook her head. "No, he didn't. He just told me the truth."

She and Michael had broken up and reconciled many times, but this time, she really wanted to let go.

No matter what Michael did in the past, she always believed she could win him over with her sincerity.

So when he risked everything to hold her and roll down the hill, she couldn't control the suppressed love in her heart.

But when she finally mustered the courage to express her feelings, she received the most heartbreaking answer.

Michael didn't like her. He didn't three years ago, and he still didn't now.

All her efforts had turned into a big joke.

Their relationship finally ended with his cold words, "Isabella, I was just repaying a life for a life."

She took a deep breath. "Uncle Holden, Olivia, you don't need to worry about me. I'm very clear-headed and calm now. I just don't want to deal with relationships at this time."

She was stubborn, but she had only ever loved Michael. It would take a long time to completely remove him from her world.

And she didn't want to use anyone as a substitute to forget Michael.

Emilio was great, but she had lost the heart to love again.

"As long as you're okay, that's all that matters."

Olivia nodded decisively. She only cared about Isabella's well-being; nothing else mattered.

Holden, on the other hand, immediately thought of Emilio and felt troubled.

Isabella's words clearly indicated she was going to reject Emilio.

But Emilio wasn't just anyone. He was the person Holden and Atticus had carefully chosen as the most suitable boyfriend for Isabella.

They had worked hard to create opportunities for Emilio and Isabella to spend time alone, only to have Michael ruin it.

He felt frustrated on Emilio's behalf.

Could it be that Emilio and Isabella were really not meant to be?

"We were going to get divorced anyway. If there were still feelings, it would be more troublesome. You don't need to worry about me. Since I've chosen to let go, I won't let him disrupt my life anymore."

"After all, who doesn't encounter a few bad men in their life? I'll just take it as gaining some experience."

Loving the wrong person wasn't her fault, but if she continued to be stubborn, it would be her problem.

Suddenly, Isabella seemed to think of something. Loving the wrong person, being stubborn. Wasn't this the inspiration she had been missing for her composition?

Thinking of this, Isabella jumped up and exclaimed, "I finally got it!"

She quickly ran upstairs, leaving Holden and Olivia stunned and at a loss.

Watching Isabella disappear, Holden pointed upstairs, feeling even more anxious.

"Why do I feel like Isabella isn't as calm as she says? She seems even more off than before."

This time, Olivia didn't dare to argue easily. She opened her mouth but could only shake her head helplessly.

"Isabella must have been deeply hurt by that bad man Michael. She doesn't want us to worry, so she's acting like this."

What did Michael use to lure Isabella? After all these years, wasn't it enough? Even when they were about to divorce, he still had to cause trouble?

Just then, Atticus returned from outside and entered the living room, only to see Holden and Olivia sitting on the couch, sighing at each other, with no sign of Isabella.

Puzzled, he asked, "Where's Isabella? Isn't she home?"

On the way back from the hospital, he was most worried about Isabella's emotions.

Now that he was home and couldn't see her, Atticus felt a sudden panic.

Holden was about to speak, but Olivia beat him to it. "Isabella just went to her room. She's not in a good mood. I think it's best not to disturb her right now."

Olivia had initially looked at Atticus while saying this, but when he focused all his attention on her, her face uncontrollably turned red.

She instinctively averted her gaze.

###chapter 439  Don't Lie to Me

Maybe it was the sudden, sweet confession at Graceful Haven Church, but now Olivia's heart raced every time she saw Atticus.

And as one of the people involved, Atticus could definitely sense Olivia's change in demeanor.

Today was the first day they confirmed their relationship, the moment they both realized they still had feelings for each other.

If it weren't for Isabella's sudden incident, he might have had more time to talk with her.

Holden, standing nearby, had no idea what was going on. He just felt the atmosphere was strange but couldn't pinpoint why.

At that moment, Atticus spoke up, directing his words to Olivia, "Olivia, come with me for a sec. I need to talk to you."

In front of Holden, Atticus was being quite straightforward.

Olivia's face turned bright red instantly.

She knew what Atticus wanted to say, but she had no idea how to face him alone right now.

"I still need to check on Isabella later, so maybe not."

"Didn't you just say Isabella didn't want to be disturbed?"

Atticus raised an eyebrow, effectively cutting off Olivia's escape route.

"That's because..."

"Olivia, don't lie to me!"

Olivia was at a loss for words.

Atticus's gaze had changed, making it clear that if she dared to avoid him again, he would take her away right then and there.

Holden was stunned.

Was this what he thought it was?

Atticus and Olivia were together!

Regardless, he knew he shouldn't be in the way right now.

"Atticus, I'll keep an eye on Isabella. You two should talk."

Holden said as he headed upstairs, but his eyes couldn't help but glance back at Atticus and Olivia.

He was both shocked and impressed. Atticus had hidden it well!

Soon, the hall was empty except for Atticus and Olivia.

Olivia remained seated on the couch, not moving an inch.

Atticus stood about six feet away, not in a hurry, quietly watching her. After a few seconds, he spoke a single word.

"Come here."

It was a commanding word, yet he said it with such a gentle tone.

Olivia's heart couldn't help but flutter.

He was clearly trying to lure her in.

Going to him now felt like walking into a trap.

She bit her lip and shook her head vigorously.

"No."

Atticus saw her defensive posture and thought she was just shy because of his sudden confession. He chuckled softly.

He couldn't resist teasing her, "What happened to the fearless Olivia? Now you're scared just to get a little closer to me?"

Olivia's eyes widened, her face reddening as she retorted, "It's not the same!"

"What's different?"

Atticus insisted she speak the truth.

Olivia was both angry and embarrassed, but she couldn't bring herself to say those words in front of him.

Before, he had always seen himself as an elder, treating her like a child.

Now that he admitted he had feelings for her, their relationship had changed to that of a couple. How could it be the same?

Being alone with him now, what if someone saw them? How would she explain it?

No, she wasn't ready for that yet.

"No means no, don't ask anymore."

Olivia turned her body away, refusing to look at Atticus.

But she underestimated how much Atticus's mindset had changed now that they were officially a couple.

When Olivia heard footsteps, she realized Atticus, who had been six feet away, was now sitting beside her on the couch. He scooped her into his arms.

Olivia gasped, instinctively clutching Atticus's shirt, her face turning even redder.

"Atticus, let me go. We're in your house."

Holden and Isabella were still upstairs. If they heard or saw anything, she would be mortified.

"So what?"

Atticus didn't mind at all. In fact, he found it perfectly normal. "You're my girlfriend. Whatever we do is perfectly fine."

"Stop it."

The more Olivia listened, the hotter her face felt. She couldn't help but try to cover his mouth.

For so many years, because of Atticus's rejection, they had never been this close. They rarely even touched hands, let alone embraced so intimately.

Atticus's presence made her heart race, and being in the Wilson Family's hall made her even more uneasy.

"I'll go with you, okay? Just let me go first."

Olivia decided to compromise for now and deal with the rest later.

But Atticus wasn't going to let her off that easily. He had already invited her, and now it wasn't up to her to decide.

He chuckled softly, tightened his grip, and lifted her up. As Olivia buried her face in his chest in fright, he whispered in her ear.

"Do you really think I don't know you? If I let you go now, how could I get you again? So be good and don't move. I'll carry you."

Atticus didn't give her a chance to refuse, carrying her straight into his study.

The room's decor was in cool tones, with a sophisticated black-and-white color scheme, matching Atticus's personal style.

Atticus closed the door and set Olivia down, pulling out a chair for her to sit.

He then walked to the opposite side and sat in the main seat.

Seeing his calm and serious expression, Olivia realized he hadn't brought her here to talk about love but because he had something important to discuss.

She felt a bit foolish for thinking he wanted to continue the sweet talk from Graceful Haven Church.

If she had known he had something serious to discuss, she wouldn't have hesitated outside for so long.

Olivia wanted to smack herself. Could she stop thinking about nonsense all the time?

They were a couple now. Having a physical relationship was inevitable, so why rush?

She cleared her throat, pulled out the chair, and sat down, refusing to admit she was a bit disappointed Atticus hadn't done anything more.

But what she didn't know was that Atticus, fourteen years her senior, had already seen through her little thoughts.

He was a normal man who had been abstinent for years. Now that he had confessed to the woman he liked, it was impossible for him not to have any physical reaction while holding her.

But he didn't want to scare her or leave a bad impression.

He wanted to take things slow, make up for the lost years, and let everything happen naturally.

Returning to the present, Atticus suppressed his desires and looked at her with the calm and mature demeanor of the eldest son of the Wilson Family.

If it weren't for his affectionate and loving "Olivia," Olivia might have thought the confession at Graceful Haven Church was a dream.

"You were outside the ward when Isabella and Michael were talking, right?"

###chapter 440  Can I Come to See You?

Olivia nodded, catching on quickly to why Atticus had called her over. He was worried about Isabella and wanted to get the full story about what had happened with Michael.

Just a moment ago, Atticus had been so close to her, and now he was suddenly so calm, asking about something else. This abrupt change left Olivia feeling a bit disappointed. It wasn't about Isabella; it was about her own insecurities with Atticus. Whenever he reverted to his old self, she couldn't help but remember how he had rejected her before.

She realized she needed to change. He was right; they were in a relationship now, and being close was normal. She couldn't keep getting shy and wanting to run away. But Isabella's situation was still right in front of them. She couldn't just think about herself anymore.

"Olivia, can you tell me what you heard?" Atticus asked. "I want to know how far things have gone between them."

Normally, as Isabella's uncle, he shouldn't interfere in her personal affairs. But after what Michael had said, he had no choice but to find out. Michael had made such a big decision; he needed to know how much it would hurt Isabella. Only then could he plan what to do next.

Olivia hadn't heard much, but she recounted the harsh words Michael had said to Isabella. When she finished, she couldn't help but get angry. "Michael is such a jerk. Isabella practically told him she liked him, but instead of being a man and taking responsibility, he said those hurtful things and made her cry."

"If he hadn't insisted on saving Isabella, she wouldn't have lost control and confessed her feelings."

"Michael is a bad guy. He can forget about Isabella ever forgiving him!"

Atticus didn't comment after hearing this. He just pressed his lips together and narrowed his eyes. If it had been before, he would have sought justice for her. But now that he knew the real reason Michael had rejected Isabella, he hesitated. He didn't know what to do.

In that situation, Michael had chosen to get hurt himself to save Isabella, which showed his feelings for her were genuine. His biggest wish now was for Isabella to be safe. All Atticus could do was try to keep it a secret.

Meanwhile, Holden, who had sneaked upstairs to find some peace and quiet, didn't want to disturb Isabella. He planned to find a random room to sit in for a while. He would go back downstairs after Atticus and Olivia left.

But as he passed Isabella's room, he noticed the door was ajar. He stopped and peeked through the gap, seeing Isabella sitting by the piano, jotting down notes and testing the keys. Seeing this, Holden finally relaxed. If she could sit down and do what she loved, it meant Isabella was starting to move on, at least emotionally stable.

Holden left, feeling reassured. Isabella, lost in her own world, didn't notice anyone passing by. She was completely absorbed in her sudden burst of inspiration. After a while, Isabella suddenly stopped writing. Looking at the completed sheet music, she eagerly began to play it on the piano.

The melody started off cheerful, gradually becoming more somber, and finally exploding in the chorus. The pain of unrequited love, frustration, breakdown, and ultimate release were all captured in the music, reflecting her current emotions.

Love was letting go.

That was her interpretation of the piece. Even though she had loved, if the end result was a tragedy, the best way was to let go of herself and the other person. To make peace with the past.

Even so, she didn't regret the time she had spent married to Michael. At least she could prove she had once had him. Loving, having loved, and having had everything about him was enough for her.

As she finished playing, Isabella closed her eyes, feeling a sense of inner peace. Satisfied with this version, she took out a recorder and played it again.

Just as she finished, her phone lit up. She put away the recorder and picked up her phone, surprised to see it was Nolan calling.

Isabella was taken aback, then answered excitedly, "Nolan, why are you calling all of a sudden? Do you miss me?"

Nolan chuckled softly, his voice gentle, "Of course I miss you. But do you miss me? It's been so long since I called, and you never reached out to me."

Isabella laughed nervously, "I didn't want to bother you. Nolan, is there something you need?"

"Isabella, I have something important to tell you."

Nolan's tone was unusually serious.

Isabella asked curiously, "What is it?"

She had been staying home to recover and had no idea what was going on with Nolan lately.

Nolan didn't want to discuss it over the phone. "Isabella, this is very important to me, so I want to tell you in person. Can you meet me?"

As he said this, Nolan was nervous and uneasy. He feared that he no longer had a place in Isabella's heart, that she had moved on with that man named Emilio.

Isabella didn't think too much about it. She had already done what she promised Olivia. Going out to meet someone wouldn't be a bad idea, especially since it was Nolan inviting her.

Just as Isabella was about to agree, she looked down at the bandages on her arm and hesitated.

"Nolan, can we do it another day? I'm not in a good condition to go out today."

Nolan pretended not to know, "Is something wrong?"

Isabella didn't plan to hide it from him but didn't mention Michael. "I accidentally got hurt. I just got back from the hospital and still have bandages on."

"Injured?"

Before Isabella could finish, Nolan got worried, "What happened? Are you seriously hurt?"

Nolan sounded genuinely concerned, with no hint of pretense.

"Just a minor injury, nothing serious. Don't worry, Nolan. I'll be fine in a couple of days."

Isabella didn't want Nolan to worry, so she told the truth.

"Really?"

Nolan was skeptical, still worried, "I don't feel comfortable. Isabella, you're at the Wilson Family's house, right? Can I come to see you?"

Afraid she might refuse, he added, "I just want to see you with my own eyes. I won't stay long."

He had always met Isabella at her Whispering Pines Estates villa, but that wasn't the Wilson Family's home. If he could get into the Wilson Family's house this time, meet the family, and gain their approval, it might help him win Isabella over.

###chapter 441  Nolan's Thoughts

Isabella hesitated when she heard Nolan's suggestion.

It wasn't that she didn't want Nolan to visit her at home, but the current situation was just too complicated.

She had just gone through a complete breakup with Michael and had indirectly turned down Emilio's advances. If Nolan came over now, it would easily lead to misunderstandings.

Besides, Nolan looked so much like Michael.

Atticus and Holden would definitely overthink it. It was better if Nolan didn't come.

"Nolan, it's too much trouble for you to come over here. How about we meet at that café we usually go to? I've been craving their hand-brewed coffee."

She used to love going to that café, but so much had happened since then that she hadn't gone out alone in a long time.

Nolan felt a bit disappointed, but as long as he could see Isabella, he still had a chance.

Over the years, he had developed a habit of indulging Isabella.

He could never say no to her.

"Alright, I'll wait for you there."

They hung up the phone after that.

When Isabella walked into the living room, she didn't see anyone, so she snuck out alone.

Half an hour later, she parked her car outside the café.

She immediately spotted Nolan sitting at the best spot by the window.

Isabella waved in his direction and quickly entered the café, taking off her coat and sitting across from him. "Nolan, have you been waiting long?"

This café was close to Whispering Pines Estates, where Atticus had sent her, but it wasn't near the Wilson Family home.

Even at her fastest, it would take her half an hour to get there.

Nolan clearly looked like he had arrived early and had been waiting for a while.

"No, I just got here. Your safety comes first, especially with your injury."

Nolan's eyes immediately fell on the white bandage on Isabella's arm, filled with concern and worry.

"How did you get hurt? Does it still hurt?"

Isabella didn't want to think about the accident on the mountain, as it would only remind her of Michael desperately saving her.

Since she had chosen to move on, she needed to be decisive.

She shook her head and instinctively lowered her hand. "It doesn't hurt anymore. It's just a minor injury, nothing to worry about. Nolan, you don't need to be so tense."

Seeing that Isabella didn't want to talk about it, Nolan wisely changed the subject. "That's good to hear."

"The café has recently added some new desserts. I ordered two for you. See if there's anything else you want to drink. It's on me today, so order whatever you like."

"Really? Then I won't hold back."

Isabella's eyes sparkled with a smile. Nolan always knew how to make her happy, always so gentle.

She picked up the menu and called over a server, ordering a hand-brewed black coffee and a classic mango mousse. She couldn't eat much more than that.

Besides, Nolan had already ordered other things for her.

After the server left, Isabella smiled and asked Nolan about recent changes.

"Nolan, why have you been so busy lately? I haven't seen you in ages."

Nolan didn't mention that he had resigned from his job at the school. Instead, he told her mysteriously, "I've been busy, but it will be over soon. I'll tell you all about it then, okay?"

"Before that, I have some good news to share."

Isabella had known Nolan wanted to tell her something important, and now her curiosity was piqued. She couldn't wait to find out.

"What is it, Nolan? I'm already here, so don't keep me in suspense."

To Isabella, Nolan was like an older brother.

Even if she and Michael divorced in the future, their relationship wouldn't change.

So when Nolan repeatedly hinted that he had good news, she was genuinely happy for him.

Seeing the curiosity in Isabella's eyes, Nolan smiled and made a shushing gesture.

"Isabella, promise me that no matter what you see, don't get too excited or scream, okay?"

Isabella tried to suppress her laughter and nodded.

She was in her twenties, and Nolan still treated her like a child.

What news could possibly make her scream?

Nolan didn't explain further. He just looked at Isabella, then backed his wheelchair up a bit and removed the gray blanket covering his legs.

Then, he stood up straight in front of her.

But he quickly sat back down in the wheelchair.

Isabella was so shocked that she covered her mouth with both hands, her eyes wide as she stared at Nolan.

She was so excited she could barely speak. "Nolan, you can stand up!"

"Oh my God!"

"This is amazing news."

Isabella cheered but quickly covered her mouth, remembering Nolan's reminder.

Nolan had already covered his legs with the blanket again and nodded with a smile. "Yes, I've been working hard, and it's finally paying off. I still can't walk very well, but with rehab, the doctor says I should be back to normal in less than six months."

"That's wonderful! Fate has finally smiled on you. Nolan, you can go back to being yourself. I'm so happy for you."

Nolan had endured so much over the years. She didn't want him to spend the rest of his life in a wheelchair.

Now that his legs were better, maybe his life could get back on track.

To Isabella, Nolan had always been the epitome of an excellent man. He would surely find his own happiness.

"Isabella, thanks. Your words mean a lot to me."

Nolan's lips curved into a smile, his deep eyes fixed on her face. His usual gentle and kind gaze now had a hint of intensity.

Isabella noticed it immediately but didn't think much of it. She touched her face, thinking something might be on it.

"Nolan, what are you looking at? Is there something on my face?"

She instinctively reached for the napkin on the table, but Nolan grabbed her hand and then quickly let go.

He casually handed her the napkin.

Isabella thought Nolan was acting a bit strange today, but since he didn't say anything, she couldn't figure it out.

"Isabella, do you remember I told you I had someone in my heart, someone I've liked for many years?"

Isabella nodded.

She had heard Nolan mention it before, just as Nolan knew how much she liked Michael.

They used to share everything.

But Nolan never revealed the person's name or any details, only that there was someone he could wait for forever.

"Nolan, now that your legs are better, are you planning to find that girl again?"

Isabella had a rough idea of what Nolan was thinking.

His legs had suddenly given out before, and he had lost hope for the future. It was understandable that he had given up.

Now that he could stand and had his passion for music, finding the person he loved was an act of courage.

###chapter 442 The Secret Crush is Her?

"Yeah, I really want to tell her I've always liked her, that my feelings haven't changed all these years. But I'm scared she'll reject me, and we won't even be friends anymore."

This was what had always haunted him.

He wanted to confess, but he feared the outcome wouldn't be what he hoped for.

"How come?"

Isabella tried to comfort him, "Nolan, you're one of the kindest and most amazing guys I know. Anyone would be lucky to have you."

"So, Nolan, how do you know it won't work out if you don't try? What if she feels the same way? Be brave and tell her how you feel. You won't have any regrets that way."

"Really?"

Nolan's voice trembled as he listened to Isabella. "Isabella, do you really think I'm the best?"

"Of course, Nolan. Everyone knows how talented you are. You run the company, play the piano, and you're so gentle. How could you not be the best guy?"

Isabella was still mentally listing Nolan's good qualities. Nolan was one of her best friends, and she was the first to support him in confessing his feelings.

But the next second, her hand was suddenly held tightly by a warm palm.

Isabella instinctively looked up and saw Nolan gazing at her with deep eyes. "Isabella, what if I told you that the girl in my heart is you?"

"I've liked you since the moment I met you."

Nolan's voice suddenly became low, but his extremely serious expression showed he wasn't joking.

For a moment, Isabella was stunned.

She even had a hallucination, imagining Nolan's face as Michael's.

But the environment she was in and the wheelchair Nolan was sitting in told her he was Nolan, not Michael.

What she couldn't understand was that the person Nolan had liked for years was her!

But she was his brother's wife. How could anything happen between them?

While Isabella's mind was blank, Nolan's voice rang out again.

"Isabella, I know this is hard for you to accept. I didn't say anything before because your heart was full of Michael, and you were determined to marry him. So, I buried my love deep inside. I thought if Michael was your happiness, I would willingly step aside and never disturb you."

"But later, when I got your call from abroad, I found out you hadn't been happy all these years, that you were even suffering. At that moment, I couldn't suppress my love any longer. I wanted to come back to you, to tell you my feelings, and to protect you in a different way. But I didn't expect my legs to get injured."

Mentioning this, Nolan's eyes were filled with resentment. "Since that accident, I couldn't say what I wanted to say to you. I thought I'd never have the chance to pursue you again."

"Fortunately, fate didn't abandon me. Now my legs have recovered, and you and Michael have ended. Isabella, I don't expect you to give me an answer right now, but at least give me a chance to stand by your side, okay?"

Perhaps Nolan's long-hidden love shocked Isabella too much.

Looking at the face that resembled Michael's, she almost mistook Nolan for Michael.

If the person she had fallen for back then was Nolan, maybe she would be very happy now.

After all, Nolan was such a gentle and considerate man.

But life didn't have "ifs."

The man she fell in love with was Michael, who didn't love her back.

Even if she no longer loved him, she couldn't fall in love with someone else.

So, Nolan's love was something she couldn't accept.

Isabella didn't want to hurt Nolan. She had always seen him as a big brother.

She opened her mouth, "Nolan, I-"

"Isabella."

Nolan, sensing a rejection, interrupted her to explain.

"I get it. It wouldn't look good if you got together with me right after divorcing Michael. But I'm not asking you to be with me immediately after your divorce. I can wait, just like I have all these years. As long as you need me, I'll always be there for you."

"I didn't ask you out today for an answer. You can go back and think about it."

"You know my love life. The only person I've ever loved is you!"

Nolan's heartfelt words left Isabella at a loss for how to refuse.

She knew very well that she only had familial and friendly feelings for Nolan.

Even if he wasn't part of the Brown family, she didn't have romantic feelings for him.

If she did, they wouldn't have been friends for so long.

But looking at Nolan's eyes, which seemed on the verge of breaking, she couldn't bring herself to say the words of rejection.

This confession came too suddenly, and she was caught off guard.

Most importantly, she didn't want to break Nolan's heart.

From a young age, Nolan had few people who cared about him. She still had her grandfather and uncle, but Nolan had no one who loved him.

His parents were gone early, and the Brown family treated him like he was invisible.

Aiden had stopped caring about him years ago over the inheritance issue.

So, Nolan had almost no important people in his life. She was probably the only one he could confide in all these years.

If she rejected him so abruptly, it would be cruel. She was also worried he might be devastated and never recover.

He had just started to stand again.

"Nolan."

Isabella sighed, finally softening. "Can you let me go back and think about it?"

Nolan's eyes brightened when he heard Isabella didn't reject him outright. His eyes were slightly red, and he tightly held her hands.

"Okay, Isabella, I knew you would give me this chance."

Isabella was stunned, but when she looked up, she saw Nolan's bright smile.

She had never seen him so happy and excited.

Usually, Nolan was always calm and gentle.

Isabella panicked.

She didn't dare stay any longer, afraid she might blurt out a rejection.

Finding an excuse, Isabella quickly left.

But after she left, a man in a black bodyguard uniform approached Nolan and respectfully handed him a phone.

"Mr. Brown, I recorded everything as you requested."

"Good."

Nolan, sitting in his wheelchair, responded coldly but didn't take the phone. He quietly watched Isabella's car disappear from sight.

His gentle expression instantly turned gloomy.

"Find the right time to post it online."

"And get some people to stir things up, make it as big as possible."

"Yes, sir!"

The coffee on the table had gone cold. Nolan didn't even glance at it and instructed the person beside him, "Let's go."

###chapter 443 I Have Something to Ask Him

The next morning, Aiden was having breakfast at the Brown Villa restaurant when he heard a car pull up outside.

The butler came in and announced, "Mr. Nolan Brown is back."

Aiden glanced outside with an unreadable expression and said calmly, "Perfect timing. Have him join us for breakfast."

Stella, who had been eating with Aiden, looked displeased upon hearing Nolan had arrived.

She immediately stood up and said, "Dad, I'm done eating. I'm going back to my room."

With her son not around, she had no desire to face the illegitimate child her husband had brought back from outside.

Just seeing him brought her bad luck.

"Alright, go ahead."

Aiden didn't stop her, instead instructing the maid to prepare another breakfast.

At that moment, the bodyguard wheeled Nolan in.

"Grandpa."

"Nolan, come over here."

Aiden smiled and waved him over, indicating for him to sit beside him.

Nolan obediently took the wet towel handed to him by the maid, carefully wiped his hands, and then joined Aiden for breakfast.

They ate in silence until Nolan put down his utensils. Only then did Aiden speak, "Nolan, you didn't come back just to have breakfast with me, did you?"

It wasn't that Aiden was overthinking it, but Nolan had never been close to the family, especially after the inheritance swap incident. Nolan had left the country in a fit of anger and hadn't returned for three years.

So why would Nolan come home now just to see his grandfather?

Nolan's visit at this time must mean he had something important to discuss.

The last time Nolan returned, he had asked to rejoin the company.

Aiden had thought Nolan had finally forgiven him, but it turned out Nolan was after the position of CEO of the Brown Group.

Initially, Aiden had no intention of agreeing, but seeing what Michael had been through recently, he had a change of heart.

If his actions back then were wrong, he should be the one to bear the consequences, not the innocent Nolan.

With that thought, Aiden sighed deeply. At his age, he shouldn't be meddling in his grandchildren's affairs.

But fate had been unkind to him. Both his sons had passed away, leaving only his grandchildren by his side.

His eldest grandson had been taken abroad by his mother due to his background, severing ties with the Brown Family. His remaining two grandsons were at odds because of his actions.

In the end, it was all his fault.

Hearing this, Nolan dropped the pretense and got straight to the point, "Grandpa, you're right. I have something important to discuss with you."

"But this isn't the right place. Let's go to the study."

Nolan glanced at the file bag by his side, making his intentions clear.

He had come prepared, and this conversation was not for others to hear.

Aiden's old eyes dimmed, but Nolan didn't give him a chance to refuse.

He picked up his cane and headed to the study.

Inside the study, Aiden had just settled into his chair when Nolan opened the file and placed the contract in front of him.

"Grandpa, you might not be involved in the day-to-day, but you're still the chairman. You should check out this document. You might find it... surprising."

Nolan spoke with confidence, a sense of pride radiating from him even as he sat in his wheelchair.

Aiden didn't immediately take the document. Instead, he looked deeply at Nolan, sensing something had changed in his grandson. But he couldn't quite put his finger on it.

"Grandpa, aren't you going to take a look?"

Nolan asked again.

Aiden had no choice but to pick it up. As soon as he opened the first page, he understood Nolan's meaning.

He didn't read further and placed the document back on the table.

"Michael already showed me this contract. Nolan, just say what you want to say. There's no need to beat around the bush!"

Since their last conversation, Aiden had been considering Nolan's proposal. It wasn't that he was unwilling to fulfill the promise, but reality had forced him to compromise.

Moreover, he knew Nolan's management skills well. If he were to push Nolan out again, even Aiden would feel it was a waste of talent. Not to mention, Nolan was his grandson.

Nolan's gaze remained on the document as he sighed softly, "Grandpa, are you sure you don't want to read to the end?"

"What do you mean?" Aiden frowned.

He couldn't guess what Nolan was up to.

Nolan's lips curved into a smile, "I told you, there's a surprise in there that you need to see for yourself."

Aiden found it odd. He already knew the background of this document from Michael. It was a one-sided agreement.

Michael, despite his temper, had good judgment in important matters. Otherwise, Aiden wouldn't have handed over the Brown Group so easily. Over the years, Michael's abilities had grown to match Nolan's at an impressive rate. Michael even showed signs of surpassing Nolan.

Given Aiden's understanding of his grandson, Michael would never sign such a contract!

But as Aiden flipped through the pages to the end, he was shocked to see Michael's signature and the official Brown Group seal on the partner's line.

"This can't be!"

Aiden couldn't believe it.

Just days ago, Michael had assured him he would handle this tricky contract and prevent any financial crisis for the Brown Group. Yet, he had signed this obvious trap?

It involved billions of dollars.

If the contract took effect, Aiden couldn't imagine the Brown Group's fate.

Michael must be joking!

The Brown Group was Aiden's lifelong effort. If something went wrong, he would be letting down the Brown Family's ancestors.

Aiden's face turned dark with anger. He picked up the phone and called the headquarters.

"Where is Michael? Tell him to come back immediately. I have questions for him!"

He slammed the phone down, his anger evident.

Nolan remained calm, knowing his opportunity had finally arrived.

He wheeled himself forward, as obedient and respectful as ever.

"Grandpa, don't be angry. You know Michael's temperament. He likes to take unconventional paths. Maybe he has his reasons. Let's hear him out before you question him."

###chapter 444 We're in Court For Our Divorce Case

But Nolan's words only deepened Aiden's disappointment in his grandson Michael.

Aiden had been worried sick about Michael and Isabella's marriage for a while now.

Isabella was the granddaughter-in-law Aiden had chosen, and she was carrying the only great-grandchild of the Brown family.

But what had Michael done?

He neglected the company, flaunted another woman in front of Isabella, and acted like a complete jerk.

In the end, he caused Isabella to lose the baby and become completely disheartened with the Brown family.

She even returned the family heirloom.

All of this was because Michael didn't appreciate what he had. If he hadn't been so reckless, he wouldn't have driven away such a good wife.

"Listen to what? His excuses?"

Aiden pointed at the documents, his hand shaking with anger.

"Everything is right here, and he still has the nerve to explain? As the head of the Brown Group, how could he be so stupid? It's a wonder I haven't stormed into the company to knock some sense into him."

"Michael, that idiot, just wait and see how I punish him!"

Hearing this, Nolan's eyes darkened.

He had thought that Aiden's first reaction upon seeing the documents would be to have Michael step down from his position as president.

Then Nolan could step in and become the savior of the Brown Group.

But all he heard was Aiden's anger at Michael's actions, with no mention of changing the heir.

So, even though Michael had made such a huge mistake that harmed the company, he was still forgivable in Aiden's eyes?

This favoritism had always belonged to Michael since they were kids.

But what had Nolan done wrong? He had worked tirelessly for the company for years without anyone caring.

As soon as Michael turned eighteen, Aiden replaced him without a second thought.

Nolan gritted his teeth. He was also a member of the Brown family, also Aiden's grandson. Why could Michael have everything, but he couldn't?

Jealousy filled Nolan's heart, and he clenched his fists on his lap.

But his voice remained calm.

"Grandpa, the company is in such a big mess right now. A verbal warning might not satisfy the higher-ups. The Auroria project involves a lot of money, and Michael made a huge mistake. If word gets out, who will still trust his lead?"

A leader must have the ability to manage the whole situation. If he wasn't transparent and couldn't win people's trust, it would lead to bigger problems over time.

Nolan knew how to push buttons.

A few words hit Aiden right where it hurt.

Aiden narrowed his eyes, his sharp gaze falling on Nolan, his tone unclear.

"Isn't this the result you wanted?"

"If the company fails under Michael's leadership, he will have to step down to take responsibility. You, being in the country and having managed the company before, would be the perfect person to take over after I'm gone."

Aiden's tone was calm, but his words sent chills down Nolan's spine.

He was old, but not senile.

He admitted that Nolan had the ability to help the company through tough times, but Nolan was too impatient.

Aiden wasn't dead yet, and Nolan was already trying to seize power.

In a big family, everyone had their schemes. Aiden wasn't an unreasonable elder, but if Nolan used his cunning against his own family, he was on the wrong path.

Aiden sighed deeply in his heart.

It seemed his actions had hurt Nolan back then, or Nolan wouldn't still be trying to take back the position from his brother.

Nolan was shocked and quickly tried to explain himself, "Grandpa, how can you think that of me? I'm just worried about the Brown family. Don't I even have that right?"

He lowered his head, looking aggrieved.

Anyone else would think he was being treated unfairly. The Brown family had treated him this way, so why should he bother doing thankless tasks?

But Aiden wasn't an outsider. He had managed the Brown Group for decades and had seen all kinds of people.

Nolan's act didn't work on him.

"Nolan, it's not that I can't see through things. I just don't want to embarrass you. I remember the hardships you've endured, so don't be too blatant."

Nolan's face changed, and just then, Aiden's phone rang.

It was Michael calling.

"Grandpa, it's me. I have some things to handle this afternoon, so I might not be able to come back until later or tomorrow."

Michael's voice was low, as if he was speaking from a quiet place.

Aiden didn't care. He was already furious with Michael, and now Michael was making excuses not to come back.

"Dare you say that again?"

"Michael, I'll give you half an hour. If I don't see you today, I'll come to the company and break your legs in front of everyone!"

There was a moment of silence on the other end.

When Michael spoke again, his voice was hoarse and his mood low.

"Grandpa, I'm not joking. I really can't leave."

"What could be so important? You never come home, and you don't care about the company."

"Grandpa, Isabella and I are in court for our divorce case."

Michael's heart bled as he said this.

After what he said to Isabella at the hospital, he had pushed Thomas to expedite the divorce.

Isabella had completely given up on him.

Even though he was doing it for her safety, it couldn't wait any longer.

Fortunately, Thomas was quick, and Michael received the court summons the next morning.

With Thomas personally handling the case, the process was much faster.

But this was what Michael wanted.

Isabella was the recognized heir of the Adri family. If Michael lost the battle with the Adri family, they would target her next.

If they were still married, she would inevitably be dragged into it.

The Brown Group's situation was worsening, and Michael had to consider Isabella's safety.

The only way to protect her was to end their marriage.

He sat across from Isabella in court, but she wouldn't even look at him.

They both had their own thoughts, and the only thing they agreed on was to sign the divorce papers quickly and cut all ties.

###chapter 445 Early Divorce, Early Relief

Outside the courthouse, Isabella stared at the divorce papers in her hand, feeling a bit dazed. They had finally reached this point.

From today on, she and Michael would have nothing to do with each other.

Thinking about how eager Michael had been to finalize the divorce in court, Isabella couldn't help but feel it was unfair to herself.

She knew Michael didn't like her, but she never expected him to be so desperate to get rid of her.

But maybe this was for the best.

Only this way, she wouldn't have any more expectations of him.

Michael came out a moment later and saw Isabella standing on the steps, not moving.

He hesitated, feeling an urge to approach her. Perhaps this was his last chance to speak with her.

"Isabella, I-"

Before he could finish, Isabella turned around and cut him off, waving the divorce papers in her hand with a smile on her face.

"Michael, congrats on being single again. From now on, we have nothing to do with each other. Goodbye."

If she could, she hoped never to see him again!

Her tone was polite yet distant, as if she were speaking to a stranger.

Though she was smiling, Michael felt the distance between them growing.

His heart felt like it was being squeezed, making it hard to breathe.

Thomas came out last, seeing Isabella and Michael standing together, talking about who knew what.

Thomas despised Michael for how he treated his niece and wished he would stay far away from her.

Seeing them together, even if they were just talking, made Thomas furious. He strode over and pulled Isabella to his side.

"Isabella, let's go. You're divorced now, why waste time talking to him?"

"Atticus and Holden are waiting to celebrate with you. Let's not waste any more time here."

"Celebrate what?"

Isabella was puzzled. "Atticus and Holden must be mistaken. This is a divorce, not a wedding. What's there to celebrate?"

Thomas sneered at Michael, "Of course, we're celebrating you being single again. Now you can find any man you like, and your uncle will make sure he's perfect for you."

"After all, you're now just the heiress of the Wilson Family. You've finally escaped that hellhole, so why not throw a party to celebrate?"

With that, Thomas pulled her away, not wanting to stay in Michael's presence any longer.

Watching the love of his life disappear before his eyes, Michael couldn't help but follow her with his gaze until her car sped away.

He took out a cigarette and lit it.

He had pushed the love of his life away with his own hands.

Michael would never forget the moment Isabella, with tears in her eyes, confessed her love for him. His heart had almost leapt out of his chest with joy.

But now, thinking back, the happiness he felt then was matched by the pain he felt now.

If he hadn't misunderstood her, if he hadn't thought she had schemed to marry him, if he had realized his love for her sooner...

They could be living a happy married life now, maybe even with a child in their first year of marriage.

He would come home to see her and their child waiting for him.

How happy those days would have been.

But he realized too late. He had missed his chance with her.

Now, he just wanted to quickly deal with the Adri Family's schemes. If Isabella was still single by then, he would do everything to win her back.

He knew she must be hurting now.

But he couldn't explain the truth to her yet.

He had to wait until he had resolved everything. Then he would find her and tell her everything.

At least she had her uncles and friends to help her through this tough time.

With that thought, Michael crushed his cigarette underfoot and walked down the steps.

Just then, he received a call from Aaron overseas.

"Mr. Brown, good news. We've tracked down the courier who sent the suspicious documents."

If they could find this person, they might be able to intercept and retrieve the documents, temporarily saving the Brown Group from crisis.

Michael exhaled.

But he hadn't forgotten the call from Aiden earlier, clearly ready to hold him accountable.

That wouldn't be easy to deal with.

Meanwhile, Isabella was in a much better mood.

Throughout the ride, Thomas couldn't stop smiling.

Isabella had finally divorced Michael.

As her uncle, Thomas was happier than anyone.

Now that she was free from that bad man, she could find any man she wanted. Why should she settle for Michael?

Isabella, on the other hand, had a calm expression since leaving the courthouse. It was hard to tell if she was happy or not.

But Thomas assumed she was happy.

After all, anyone would be relieved to be free from what Michael had done.

The sooner the divorce, the sooner the relief.

Back at the Wilson Family home, Isabella made an excuse to go to her room.

Thomas couldn't wait to share the good news with Atticus and Holden.

Only Olivia noticed something was off with Isabella and quietly went upstairs to be with her.

No one knew better than Olivia how much Isabella loved Michael. He was the only man she had ever loved.

Even if he was a jerk, he was different in Isabella's heart.

They had broken up and gotten back together so many times, but Olivia could see that Isabella didn't really want to divorce Michael.

She was just waiting for him to change.

But in the end, Michael had let her down, and they had reached the point of divorce.

How could Isabella possibly be happy?

At this moment, Olivia wished Isabella would cry out loud, at least to release her pent-up emotions. It was better than silently bearing it alone.

At noon, Atticus asked Cinda to prepare more dishes. After all, Isabella's divorce was a big deal for the Wilson Family.

Thomas had just returned, so it was a good time for a family gathering.

Kian and Orion also received calls from Thomas, learning the good news of Isabella's divorce.

They were thrilled and happy for Isabella.

She was still young and deserved someone better to spend her life with.

As lunch was almost ready, Atticus received a call.

His subordinate had some news.

Michael's overseas mining project had run into big trouble. The specifics were still under investigation.

###chapter 446 Approaching Good Things

With Atticus's special instructions, the lunch was set up lavishly.

Holden even brought out a bottle of red wine he had been saving for a long time, pouring it for everyone, clearly in high spirits.

Isabella looked at the people around her, all there to support her, and the sadness in her heart gradually faded away.

She had family, she had friends; she shouldn't let herself be consumed by grief any longer.

Taking a deep breath, she raised her glass and gently clinked it with Olivia's.

The glasses made a crisp, clear sound, and a smile spread across Isabella's face. The aroma of the wine brought back a sense of her old self.

"Olivia, aren't you going to congratulate me on being single again?"

Hearing this, not only Olivia was stunned, but even Isabella herself was surprised.

This was the real her, the carefree and spirited Isabella who never let others drain her energy.

A glimmer of joy flashed in Olivia's eyes.

"Of course, congratulations! Welcome back, Princess of the Wilson Family."

They raised their eyebrows, lifted their glasses, and drank heartily.

After a few drinks, Olivia started singing, and Isabella danced along to her voice, completely immersed in their own world. It was like they were back in the days when they used to go wild at the bar together.

The three Wilson brothers at the table didn't stop them, just watched with smiles as Isabella let loose.

Isabella drank too much and, after a few spins, felt dizzy. She leaned over and fell onto Olivia's shoulder.

Taking advantage of the alcohol, she pointed a finger at Olivia and asked, "Olivia, tell me the truth, are you hiding something from me?"

Because of the alcohol, Isabella's face was flushed, and her speech was not as smooth as usual.

"Of course not," Olivia quickly denied. "You're my best friend. How could I hide anything from you? No way, no way."

"Really?" Isabella snorted, clearly not believing Olivia at all.

She glanced in Atticus's direction and asked deliberately, "If you're not hiding anything, then why did Uncle Atticus keep looking at you when you started singing? He couldn't take his eyes off you."

His gaze was almost enough to sweep her off her feet and into his arms.

"No way, you must have seen it wrong."

Olivia's face turned bright red when Isabella mentioned Atticus.

At Graceful Haven Church, she didn't know that Isabella had orchestrated everything to make it seem like a chance encounter with Atticus. She had even told Isabella that she wanted to forget Atticus and start anew.

But now, she had somehow ended up with him.

"I didn't see it wrong," Isabella teased. "Tell me, have you and Atticus already promised each other forever? Are you going to be his wife?"

His wife?

Olivia almost buried her head in embarrassment at the mention of that title.

Although she and Atticus hadn't reached that point yet, if things continued as they were, she might really marry him.

Just thinking about it made Olivia clutch her chest, her heart racing uncontrollably.

"Isabella, I didn't mean to hide it from you. Atticus and I are indeed together."

"If you're upset, you can tell me directly. I can handle it."

She hadn't planned to tell Isabella so soon, considering Isabella was still dealing with the pain of her divorce.

But now that Isabella had asked, she didn't want to keep it from her anymore.

Isabella was her best friend, and she valued their friendship as much as she valued Atticus.

If she didn't get Isabella's blessing, she wouldn't be happy.

Isabella patted Olivia and laughed.

"Why would I be upset? Did you forget I was the one who supported you and Uncle Atticus from the start? I'm happier than anyone that you two are together. I'm serious, Olivia."

"I want you to be happy, and if Uncle Atticus is the right one, then that's perfect."

She and Michael were not meant to be, but if Atticus and Olivia could find happiness, it would be a comfort to her.

"Isabella, you're so kind. I was so scared you'd be mad when you found out, so I didn't dare tell you. You have no idea how anxious I was."

Olivia was moved to tears.

After all, she loved Isabella's uncle, the person who adored Isabella the most. She thought Isabella would be angry with her because of it.

But instead, she received Isabella's most sincere blessing.

She was truly touched.

"Don't cry, this is a good thing. You haven't told me how far you and Atticus have gotten. Have you discussed when to have the wedding?"

"I can't wait to see you in a wedding dress. You'll definitely sweep Atticus off his feet."

At the mention of this, Olivia blushed and didn't know where to put her hands.

Especially with Atticus not far away, just a glance up and she could see him.

Olivia didn't dare to discuss these things loudly with Isabella.

"Well, I don't know. We just confirmed our relationship. Isn't it too early to talk about marriage?"

She did want to marry Atticus soon, but it wasn't something she could decide on her own.

She had to see what he thought.

Seeing Olivia's shyness, Isabella stopped teasing her. "Alright, I'll ask Atticus about it later. I won't rush you. You just wait to be his wife."

"Isabella, stop it. I told you, I'm not his wife yet. Even if we get married, our relationship won't change. Just call me by my name."

"Alright, alright, I'll call you whatever you want."

Isabella sat for a while and felt a bit uncomfortable, so she wanted to go to the restroom.

Olivia, worried she might be unsteady, went with her.

They left the dining room together.

At the table, Atticus watched Isabella and Olivia leave, then turned his gaze back to his wine glass.

He took a sip of the red wine, as if something had come to mind, and suddenly turned to Thomas.

"What's going on with you? Didn't you say you had urgent business at the company? How come you're back to handle Isabella's divorce?"

At the mention of this, Thomas's anger flared up.

He gripped his wine glass tightly and downed its contents in one gulp.

"Atticus, don't bring it up. The more I think about it, the more I feel Isabella wasted so many years and emotions on that jerk Michael!"

"That bastard Michael doesn't deserve our Isabella."

"You have no idea how despicable he is. He actually came to me, asking to expedite the divorce, saying he was in a hurry and couldn't wait any longer."

"Did he forget he's the one at fault in this marriage? Isabella hasn't said anything, and he's the one who can't wait. Luckily, I managed to clear my schedule and make time to come back."

###chapter 447 I Just Want The Truth

Holden slammed his hand on the table, his face red with anger. "This is ridiculous! Does that jerk Michael really think we're gonna let him get back with Isabella?"

"Exactly! Why do the Wilsons need to suck up to the Browns? They should know we're just as good as they are," Thomas added, feeling vindicated.

Across the table, Atticus stayed quiet, taking it all in. The suddenness of Isabella and Michael's divorce had caught his attention, and Thomas's words only confirmed his suspicions. Michael genuinely cared about Isabella's well-being.

While others might misjudge Michael, Atticus, who knew the truth, couldn't let him be painted as the bad guy. "Maybe Michael has his reasons for acting so quickly," he suggested, trying to defend Michael without spilling too much.

Holden's face twisted in displeasure. "Atticus, how can you defend that jerk Michael? Have you forgotten how he treated Isabella? She went through hell with him. If anyone's got it tough, it's Isabella, not him."

Thomas jumped in too. "Yeah, Atticus, you're usually the one who looks out for Isabella the most. You were all for the divorce, so why are you sticking up for Michael now? Feeling sorry for him or something?"

Maybe it was the alcohol, but Holden and Thomas were speaking more freely. Atticus, however, kept his cool. He thought for a moment and said, "Holden, Thomas, I'm just trying to see things from a different angle. Maybe there's more to this than we know."

"And now that Isabella's divorced, she's got no ties to the Brown family. Let's not bring up Michael's name around her; it might upset her."

As the eldest, Atticus was always the thoughtful and mature one, so Holden and Thomas listened to him. Little did they know, Isabella was standing in a corner of the hall, overhearing their conversation.

She knew how much her uncles cared for her, but Atticus's reaction puzzled her. He had always been her biggest supporter, especially after she lost her grandfather and child. He was the one who most supported her decision to divorce.

Yet now, Atticus was defending Michael. Isabella grew suspicious. If Atticus had discovered something, he wouldn't side with Michael without a good reason. After coming back from the hospital, Atticus had stayed behind alone. Could he have found out something?

The thought nagged at her, making her wonder if something had happened to Michael, something he didn't want her to know. Olivia soon joined her, linking arms as they returned to the dining room. Isabella chatted and laughed with everyone, hiding her inner turmoil.

Later that night, back in her room, Isabella found a number on her phone and dialed it. The call was quickly answered by Shadow, who sounded surprised. "Isabella, you finally decided to call me. Thought you'd forgotten all about me."

Isabella got straight to the point. "Shadow, I need to ask you something. Has anything happened with the Brown Group recently?"

Atticus's words tonight were too unusual, and she needed to confirm her suspicions. Shadow immediately connected the Brown Group with Michael. He knew about their divorce, and it hadn't been long since then. Isabella was already inquiring about Michael.

Shadow sighed. "Isabella, why can't you see Michael for who he really is? He doesn't deserve you. You're amazing and deserve better."

"Listen to me, let him go. You've divorced him, so move on. There are better people out there for you."

Isabella fell silent. Though she wasn't asking about Michael directly, Shadow's words hit home. She knew he was advising her as a friend to let go of the past and move forward. Since she was divorced, she shouldn't waste time and emotions on someone unworthy.

"Shadow, you're overthinking. I just want to know about the Brown Group. I'm not interested in anyone else," she said calmly, not sounding like she was lying.

But Shadow wasn't convinced. "Really? Do you truly not care about him at all?"

Isabella noticed something off about Shadow's persistence. He never usually pressed for reasons; their communication was always brief and efficient. When had he become so talkative? Especially when she asked about the Brown Group, he diverted the topic to Michael. This wasn't like him.

Unless...

Isabella's eyes flashed as she quickly asked, "Shadow, tell me the truth. Has something happened to the Brown Group?"

Shadow's rare silence confirmed her fears. Her intuition had been right. The Brown Group was in trouble.

Shadow was an expert at gathering information, especially about powerful families. If something had happened to the Brown Group, he would know the details better than anyone.

Before Isabella could think further, Shadow's voice came through the phone. "You're right. But Isabella, listen to me. The Brown Group's troubles are their own. You're no longer connected to them, so don't get involved."

Shadow's blunt honesty and warning made Isabella panic. She and Michael had just finalized their divorce. Despite everything, she couldn't completely turn a blind eye.

"I understand what you're saying, but Shadow, I can't pretend I don't know. Help me one more time. I just want to know what's going on with the Brown Group. I need the truth."

Even with the divorce papers in hand, she needed the truth. Shadow, knowing her stubborn nature, realized she wouldn't stop until she found out. It was better if he told her himself.

###chapter 448 He Is Not a Substitute

"Isabella, it's not that I don't want to tell you the truth, but I've heard a client paid big bucks to buy out all the info from the Brown Group. Their goal is to shut down any further investigation."

"So, just act like you never asked about this, and don't try to dig through other channels. It won't work."

Selling information was his job and livelihood. Even though Isabella was his friend, he had to follow the rules of the trade.

Otherwise, he would be the next target.

And now that someone had paid to buy out the information, it meant they didn't want any details to be uncovered. Anyone who dared to leak information at this point would be breaking the industry's code and principles.

For people like them, that was absolutely unacceptable.

"I get it."

Isabella didn't want to make things difficult for Shadow.

Since someone had already bought out the information, there was no point in her trying to find anything out now.

But she still felt uneasy.

"Shadow, can you keep an eye on Michael for me?"

Since the Brown Group was in trouble, if she could find out where Michael had been and what he had been doing recently, maybe she could indirectly figure out what the problem with the Brown Group was.

Shadow understood what Isabella was getting at, and this time, he didn't refuse her.

The confidentiality agreement only stated that he couldn't disclose information about the Brown Group, but it didn't say he couldn't keep an eye on Michael himself.

"Isabella, I can keep an eye on him, but let me be clear: you've already fallen into this trap once. You can't let yourself fall into it a second time."

Shadow had seen Isabella's feelings for Michael.

It was because he knew how much Isabella loved Michael that he had to keep reminding her.

They were already divorced. It was normal for Isabella to have a hard time moving on, but if she kept focusing on Michael's every move, he didn't know if it would be good or bad for her.

"Shadow, I know what I'm doing. Thanks for the reminder."

Ending the call, Isabella gripped her phone tightly, unable to calm down.

The Brown Group was really in trouble.

No wonder Atticus, who had always had a low opinion of Michael, had suddenly changed his attitude.

It seemed that Atticus had already discovered this at the hospital that day.

She knew Atticus's temper. If he didn't want her to know something, even if she asked him directly, she wouldn't get any answers.

So, she could only wait for Shadow's information.

Michael drove back to the Brown Family after leaving the courthouse.

Aiden had been genuinely angry on the phone, so he had no choice but to return.

But what Michael didn't expect was to see Nolan sitting next to Aiden as soon as he walked into the hall.

"Nolan, what a coincidence."

Michael raised an eyebrow, his face expressionless.

He then looked at Aiden and calmly asked, "Grandpa, you urged me to come back. What's the matter?"

Having just ended a three-year marriage with Isabella, he wasn't in the best of moods.

He didn't regret signing the divorce papers to ensure Isabella's safety. It was the only way to keep the Adri Family from targeting the Wilson Family for the time being.

But he feared Isabella's resolute nature.

What he had done was undoubtedly shattering her heart. She was probably left with nothing but disappointment and heartbreak.

If someone took advantage of this time to step in, Isabella and Michael might never get back together.

"Playing dumb?"

Aiden was furious as soon as Michael returned. "The papers, I need to see them with my own eyes to believe it."

"What papers?"

Michael realized that Aiden was doubting the authenticity of the divorce agreement.

He lowered his gaze, his voice hoarse. "Grandpa, it's real. We really got divorced."

"You..."

Aiden was at a loss for words.

His hands trembled with anger. "You brat, Isabella is such a good girl. You didn't cherish her. You didn't even tell me about the divorce. Do you even respect me as your grandfather?"

"Do you know what promises I made to Daniel when you married Isabella? I said you would treat her well, never let her suffer. Did you keep any of those promises?"

Aiden's face turned red with anger.

"Michael, Michael, how can I face Isabella's grandfather after I die? He entrusted his granddaughter to you, and this is how you treat her?"

"Isabella was too naive to fall for you. If she had chosen someone else, I wouldn't have..."

Michael quickly interrupted Aiden, disbelief in his voice.

"Grandpa, what did you just say?"

Aiden gritted his teeth. "Don't you get it? If Isabella hadn't fallen for you, do you really think you could have married such a good wife with your temper?"

"Isabella faced pressure from the Wilson Family to marry into the Brown Family. And what did you give her in return?"

"Do you really think the Wilson Family had no objections to you? They raised their little princess for over a decade. If she didn't truly love you, Daniel had a hundred ways to find her a husband. They wouldn't have let her suffer even a little."

Michael's mind went blank.

So, Isabella wasn't lying.

She had always loved him.

Not Nolan.

But why did Nolan tell him that Isabella married him out of heartbreak over Nolan's departure?

Nolan had said that Isabella only saw him as a stand-in for Nolan.

Michael's eyes turned red as he glared at Nolan in the wheelchair.

So, Nolan had been lying all along.

With the truth exposed, Nolan's face turned pale, and he couldn't utter a word in his defense.

For him, the lie had caused Michael pain and gave him the illusion that Isabella loved him.

Over time, even Nolan didn't want to wake up from this lie.

Aiden sighed deeply.

"What's the point of saying all this now? If you had realized Isabella's true feelings earlier, you wouldn't be divorced now."

"I know Isabella. She's Daniel's personally trained successor. Her character is unyielding. If she's decided to let go, it means she's truly heartbroken."

"Since you're divorced, don't bother her anymore. You've already ruined the relationship between our families. You may not feel ashamed, but I do!"

###chapter 449 You Are Not Qualified Enough

Aiden finished talking and glanced up to see Michael, eyes bloodshot and glaring intensely in one direction, the anger in his gaze almost tangible.

Aiden had no clue what had set Michael off this time and snapped at him, annoyed.

"What are you staring at? You couldn't even keep your wife, and now you have the nerve to be pissed?"

His words didn't faze Michael, who clenched his fists tightly, feeling like his heart was being ripped apart.

"Grandpa, you were right. It's my fault Isabella left."

"She must've really given up on me, that's why she divorced me and wished me well in my single life."

Michael's voice was low and raspy, his whole demeanor suddenly defeated.

He had been so foolish.

Isabella had once gone out of her way to please him, even wearing sexy lingerie to seduce him, hoping to have their child.

But he had pushed her away every time, belittling her.

He had always believed that no matter how he treated her, Isabella would never leave.

But he had forgotten that Isabella was a true heiress of the Wilson Family. If she didn't truly care about him, why would she endure three years of mistreatment in the Brown Family, even from the servants?

She had never complained to him, always treating him with kindness, and even taking care of his mother who didn't like her.

She did all of this for him.

She only wanted him.

Why couldn't he see that sooner?

Why did he let her suffer humiliation and grievances for three years?

The Wilson Family was right. He didn't deserve Isabella's love!

Aiden's voice continued, but Michael couldn't hear a word of it.

He mechanically took the brand-new divorce agreement from his pocket and handed it to Aiden, then numbly walked upstairs to the bedroom he once shared with Isabella.

He needed silence now.

As the door closed, Michael could no longer support himself and slid down to the floor.

He didn't dare look at the room's furnishings, especially the wedding photo hanging above the bed.

From the beginning, he had trusted the wrong person.

He thought Isabella married him for money or other reasons, never considering that she might actually love him.

She had spent three years proving the coldness of his heart, and on this day, she finally gave up and left him. It was only after the divorce that he realized the truth.

Michael felt his heart constricting painfully, making it hard to breathe.

He regretted it.

If fate gave him another chance, he would never treat her that way again.

But there were no "ifs" in this world, and he couldn't go back.

It was all his own doing, and he couldn't blame anyone else.

At some point, his face became wet. Michael touched his face in confusion and realized he was crying.

He buried his face in his hands.

He had pushed Isabella away himself, and now it was too late for regrets.

If seeking her out now would only bring her harm, then he would bear this pain alone.

Just then, there was a knock on the door.

Michael, sitting just behind the door, clearly heard someone outside.

"Who is it?"

He asked in a deep voice, quickly wiping away his tears.

He didn't want anyone to see him in this vulnerable state.

"Michael, it's me, your brother."

Nolan's voice was gentle and concerned, as if he genuinely cared about his younger brother.

But knowing the truth, Michael found Nolan's words "your brother" incredibly ironic.

Michael gritted his teeth and yanked the door open.

He glared coldly at Nolan, who was sitting in a wheelchair. "Nolan, from today on, you're not my brother anymore. Stop pretending to be pitiful in front of me."

"I'm not Grandpa. I don't buy your act."

Nolan, despite his extreme hypocrisy, put on an innocent facade, which made Michael sick to his stomach.

"How do you know I'm here to check on you? Maybe I'm here to congratulate you on your successful divorce?"

Nolan sat up straight in his wheelchair, his face no longer hiding his cold expression.

He had been waiting for this day. As long as Michael and Isabella were divorced, his opportunity would come.

Michael's eyes narrowed, and the next second, he grabbed Nolan's collar fiercely. "Nolan, do you think I won't dare touch you because Grandpa is downstairs?"

If it weren't for Nolan, Michael and Isabella wouldn't have fallen out when she was pregnant.

Their divorce was partly due to Nolan's instigation.

Michael knew exactly what Nolan was up to.

Isabella didn't like Nolan, but she didn't dislike him either. Nolan knew his strengths well. Once Michael and Isabella were divorced, he could use his charm to get close to Isabella.

He would exploit Isabella's dependence on him to replace Michael in her heart and become her partner.

The thought made Michael want to strangle him.

But no matter what he did now, it was too late. Isabella wouldn't trust him anymore.

She would rather trust Nolan, the hypocritical liar.

Michael hated himself for not realizing Isabella's feelings for him sooner. If he had confessed his feelings earlier, maybe they wouldn't have missed each other like this.

Despite the situation, Nolan remained calm, even smirking slightly.

"Michael, you're right. I'm taking advantage of Grandpa's presence to act recklessly. You saw how upset Grandpa was because of you. If you lose control again, imagine how disappointed Grandpa will be."

"Oh, and since you're divorced from Isabella, what if I tell Grandpa that she's the one I want to marry? How do you think he'll react?"

"Nolan, how dare you!"

Michael's hands tightened around Nolan's throat.

Rage burned within him, threatening to consume his sanity.

"Go ahead."

Nolan's face turned red, but a gleam of triumph flashed in his eyes.

At the last moment, Michael's rationality prevailed.

Nolan was deliberately provoking him.

With Aiden already stressed over the company's issues and Michael's divorce, losing control now would only make Aiden more disappointed in him.

And that's exactly what Nolan wanted.

No matter how much Michael wanted to strangle Nolan, he forced himself to let go, glaring at him with cold fury.

"Nolan, you think you can use me as your weapon? You're not worthy!"

Michael flexed his wrist, his face dark with anger. Even if he wanted to kill Nolan, today wasn't the day.

The truth hadn't come to light yet.

He had to stay calm!

###chapter 450 Board of Directors Meeting

Before this, he had even thought about convincing Aiden to hand the Brown Group back to Nolan so he could focus all his attention on Isabella.

He wanted to clear up all the misunderstandings with her and rediscover the feelings they had when they were together.

But now, the person who caused him to lose the one he loved most was Nolan, someone he had once felt guilty towards. Just because Nolan also liked Isabella, Nolan thought he could destroy everything he had.

Michael no longer felt any guilt towards someone as hypocritical and selfish as Nolan.

Now that he had lost Isabella, he had nothing left to care about.

From today on, he would fight Nolan to the end.

He wouldn't give up a single thing that belonged to him!

"Is that so?"

Nolan adjusted his clothes, seemingly indifferent to Michael's words, and said slowly.

"I forgot to tell you, Grandpa called you back earlier because of the Auroria contract. You ran off halfway through, so he asked me to come and tell you."

"What?"

Michael had a bad feeling.

Nolan smirked, "Grandpa is holding a board meeting tomorrow. As the CEO, you can't miss it. After all, this meeting has a lot to do with you."

With that, he wheeled himself towards the elevator.

Michael stood there, stunned by his words.

Aiden personally hosting a board meeting was something that hadn't happened in a long time.

Michael's heart sank.

Nolan had been present when Aiden called him, and now he was present when the meeting was announced. No wonder Nolan hadn't reacted to his warnings-Nolan had already gained special privileges from Aiden.

So, was Aiden really planning to replace him with Nolan as the CEO of the Brown Group?

How did it come to this?

Aiden had previously said he would never hand the company over to Nolan.

What had Nolan said to Aiden while he was away?

Michael couldn't sleep well that night because of this.

The next day, he got up early and went to the office.

In the large conference room on the top floor, Aiden, as the chairman, sat at the head of the table, a seat usually occupied by Michael.

Now that Aiden was there, Michael could only sit to his right.

Nolan sat across from him.

The meeting started faster than Michael had expected, and the board members, upon hearing that Aiden was hosting, had arrived early.

The large room was filled with people, but no one dared to make a sound.

Until Aiden waved to his assistant, and everyone received a copy of the project documents.

Each person had a copy.

Aiden had printed dozens of them.

Michael was the first to receive one, and as he opened it, his heart skipped a beat.

When he reached the last page, he was completely shocked!

It was the forged document he had been trying to recover at all costs, with the signature and seal clearly visible.

But hadn't it been taken and sent abroad? How did it end up in Aiden's hands?

Michael immediately locked his gaze on Nolan across the table.

Nolan didn't avoid his stare, openly allowing Michael to scrutinize him, looking completely confident.

Clearly, this was all part of Nolan's plan.

Without this document, how could Nolan overthrow Michael and take his place?

Michael had caused the trouble, but it was Nolan who would save the Brown Group.

As long as Aiden wasn't foolish, he would know what to do next.

Michael frowned deeply.

Nolan's reaction was too calm, as if he had known about this document all along.

So, had Nolan found this document and given it to Aiden?

But hadn't it been sent out? How did it end up with Nolan? Or had Nolan found the mole in the Brown Group before him?

Before Michael could figure it out, someone else couldn't sit still.

One of the board members, holding the document, angrily accused.

"Mr. Aiden Brown, even an employee can see the serious implications of this document. For Michael to sign it shows he doesn't care about the company's interests. I propose we remove him from the CEO position and give it to someone who truly cares about the company."

Once one person spoke up, others quickly followed.

"That's right, this project is clearly a bad deal. If it goes through, we'll be throwing away billions of dollars. If we can't recover it, it'll all be wasted. For him to sign such a terrible contract shows how negligent he is. We should replace him as soon as possible."

"Such a basic mistake shows he's not mature enough. I think we should hand the company back to Mr. Nolan Brown. When Mr. Nolan Brown was in charge, the Brown Group was a leader in the industry."

The board members' comments were almost all urging Michael to step down.

His three years of hard work were being dismissed because of one mistake.

It was true, you only saw people's true colors when you were down.

Michael listened to the accusations, feeling a chill in his heart.

These people had followed him for three years, always respectful and never questioning him.

He remembered the board member who was now the most critical had once told him he was more decisive than Nolan and the best fit to inherit the Brown Group.

Now, after one incident, they had all changed.

He wanted to argue, but it seemed pointless.

The facts were in front of them, and what he said didn't matter anymore.

They wanted him gone.

A loud bang on the table silenced the room. Aiden, with a stern face, looked at everyone.

"Enough. You are all their elders. You can discuss the matter, but if you bully my grandson in front of me, you're not respecting me."

"Although Michael is at fault, don't forget, you are all senior members of the company. If something happens, none of you can escape responsibility."

"You say he's unfit to be CEO, but look at yourselves. In the past three years, which of you hasn't made money? Which year's dividends weren't more than a percentage transferred to your accounts? Now that something has happened, you all want to pass the blame. What do you take my grandson for?"

His words left everyone speechless.

Because Aiden was right.

In the three years Michael had been in charge, almost every project had been profitable, and the board members had benefited.

The Brown Group had long established itself as a leader in the industry, not needing the board members' investments.

In fact, they couldn't do without the huge dividends the Brown Group provided.

So, when their interests were at stake, they naturally had to fight for themselves.

###chapter 451 Resignation

After Aiden finished speaking, the board members fell silent for a moment before one of them quietly voiced an objection.

"Aiden, we get that you care about your grandson, but this is a business. We can't let emotions get in the way."

"Look, it's normal to have ups and downs in business. If a project tanks because of the market, that's one thing. But the terms in this document are just crazy, and Michael still signed it. He's playing fast and loose with the company's money."

Others nodded in agreement.

"Yeah, Mr. Aiden Brown, we're all thinking about the company's future here. This time it's billions. What about next time? Even the biggest companies can't take hits like this!"

"Enough!"

Aiden cut them off, his face stern. "I know the situation, and there's no need to keep going on about it."

"I'm here to fix this."

"When mistakes are made, they need to be owned up to. I'm not playing favorites. Luckily, we can still manage this, so let's be fair and vote."

"Should Michael stay as CEO, or should Nolan take over? You decide."

The assistant quickly handed out paper and pens for the board members to cast their votes.

Aiden personally opened the votes.

Everything happened so fast.

By the time Michael realized what was going on, the assistant was already collecting the votes.

Michael instinctively looked at Aiden, who was seated at the head of the table. He couldn't figure out what Aiden was thinking.

Aiden had always been against Nolan taking over the company, and now he was the one calling for a vote to choose the successor.

What had Nolan said to Aiden in the past two days to change his mind so quickly?

Michael frowned.

He knew the odds were against him.

The senior board members were already upset with him because of the document, and now Aiden was having them vote between him and Nolan.

The result would likely favor Nolan, giving him the CEO position.

Unintentionally, Michael's gaze fell on Nolan's face.

He saw Nolan waiting for the result with a smug look.

Nolan's usually calm and polished face now showed confidence and arrogance.

This scene reminded Michael of the time when Nolan was publicly stripped of the CEO position.

Back then, Nolan must have felt the same disbelief and deep sense of defeat.

Michael sighed inwardly.

After all this time, he and Nolan had come full circle.

What was meant to happen had happened.

But this time, he wouldn't just hand over the company. He owed Nolan nothing and felt no guilt towards him.

No matter the outcome, he wouldn't give up the position of successor.

Even if it was just to prove a point, he would take back the company.

Nolan had used a lie to make him lose the person he loved most, and now he wanted to take what was rightfully his?

No way he would let that happen.

Soon, the collected votes were in Aiden's hands.

As the assistant opened each vote, Aiden's expression grew darker.

Michael had already guessed the result.

It made sense.

When Nolan took over the company years ago, he treated it like his home, working diligently and earning a solid reputation. Now, with Michael's recent blunder, it was no surprise they would back Nolan as the new leader.

Aiden spoke slowly, "The results are in. I announce that from today, the CEO of the Brown Group is-Nolan Brown!"

"Let's hear a few words from the new CEO."

As soon as he finished speaking, the room erupted in applause.

Nolan stood up straight, and Michael noticed he was wearing a formal dark suit, as if he had anticipated today's outcome.

Nolan's expression remained unchanged as he scanned the board members, smiling slightly.

"You are all my elders, and I have nothing to teach you. Thank you for your support and trust. Together, we will lead the Brown Group to new heights."

He bowed slightly as a sign of respect.

After all, he was still in a wheelchair and couldn't stand up.

This day had finally come!

He was back, reclaiming everything that was his.

And this was just the first step.

Once he had full control of the Brown Group, his real revenge against the Brown Family would begin.

His next plan was to win Isabella's heart.

Now that Isabella and Michael were divorced, he could approach her without hiding.

He dreamed of the day he and Isabella would get married, imagining Michael's reaction.

The decision was made.

Michael knew that from today, the Brown Group had nothing to do with him.

And he wasn't one to cling on.

Since Nolan had won this round, he would leave.

But he had no intention of truly giving up the company.

With that thought, Michael stood up decisively and gave a cold laugh to the room.

"If this is the result you want, so be it. I won't stay to hear the rest. You can continue your discussion."

As he pulled out his chair to leave, he glanced at Nolan with a meaningful look.

"Nolan, don't celebrate too soon. Whether you can hold onto this company is another matter!"

They were all part of the Brown Family. If Nolan wanted a fight, Michael would give him one.

Michael then strode out of the meeting room.

He didn't even go to his office, heading straight to the parking garage and driving away.

Without the burden of work, Michael felt a sense of relief, even the pain from his injuries seemed to lessen.

But when a person had free time, they thought of the ones they wanted to see most.

He wanted to see Isabella.

Seeing it was nine o'clock, Michael didn't hesitate to drive towards the Wilson Family's home.

Even though he knew Isabella might not see him, he still wanted to try, even if it was just to hear her voice through the door.

Halfway there, Michael received a call from abroad.

It was Aaron.

Michael connected the call through his car's Bluetooth and answered quickly.

"Mr. Brown, I just got the news-"

Aaron's voice was fast and urgent, but Michael wasn't in the mood to listen patiently. He interrupted him.

"Alright, if you're calling just to ask if I've been removed from my position, I can confirm, yes!"

"I'm no longer the CEO of the Brown Group. Anything else you want to ask?"

###chapter 452  Heartbroken

"Mr. Brown, is this for real?"

Aaron couldn't believe it. He had just gone abroad for a bit, and before he could wrap up his business and return to the company, Michael had already been ousted.

"But how is this possible? You were personally chosen by Mr. Aiden Brown as his successor. How could they suddenly announce your resignation?"

Michael just gave a calm smile.

"Aaron, nothing's impossible in this world. Besides, my grandpa still holds the ultimate power in the company. If he wants to change the successor, he can do it. It's no big deal."

He had to own up to his mistakes.

Even if someone had set him up, he could only blame himself for not being skilled enough.

He didn't hold a grudge against his grandpa for it.

In fact, he was grateful that his grandpa had given him some valuable time to think about how to deal with the Adri Family.

Michael, considering Aaron's position, asked him a question.

"Have you thought about what you're gonna do next?"

"You can't stay at the company anymore. Nolan will definitely replace you. If you don't mind, you can work at a branch office. I can arrange it for you."

Aaron had been his right-hand man for years, and this was the least he could do for him.

Knowing Nolan's personality, Aaron would likely face exclusion if he stayed.

It was better for Michael to arrange for him to go somewhere else, where he might have a better future.

"Mr. Brown, I..."

Aaron was at a loss for words.

Everything had happened so suddenly, and he was still trying to process it.

But before discussing his own situation, he hadn't forgotten the real reason he called.

He was worried that Michael, who had just been kicked out of the company, might not be able to handle another piece of bad news.

So he held back for now.

"Mr. Brown, my situation isn't urgent. I'll be in Auroria for a while and won't be back anytime soon."

"Did something happen?"

Michael knew Aaron had taken a risk for Renee. He had been so busy with company matters that he had forgotten to ask about the situation over there.

"It's strange. After we arrived here, the Adri Family people came to us. They said the order to hunt down Renee was a misunderstanding!"

Aaron was just as confused.

"They claimed that the internal order was only to bring her back to the organization for an internal trial, not to kill her."

Michael narrowed his eyes. "Did Renee go with them? Or is she still with you?"

The Adri Family was known for their tricks.

Who knew what they were planning behind the scenes?

Aaron sighed. "She left. She said she had a reason to return to the organization and didn't want me to go with her. She just asked me to wait for her news."

"Aren't you worried something might happen to her?"

Michael was surprised.

He had seen Aaron's feelings for Renee firsthand. Aaron had even returned to Auroria with her. Now he was letting her go into the Adri Family's internal organization alone?

"I had no choice. Mr. Brown, you know Renee never listens to me. I always listen to her."

"But she assured me multiple times that she wouldn't be in danger. I had to let her go."

Michael shook his head with a smile.

Was this still the same cold and unfeeling Aaron he knew?

Aaron had fallen in love and turned into a devoted partner.

But Michael could hear the happiness in Aaron's voice. If Isabella had controlled him like that, maybe he would have been just as obedient.

Unfortunately, everything was in the past.

Michael sighed. "Alright, be careful out there. I have things to do, so I'll talk to you later."

He was about to end the call when Aaron suddenly stopped him.

"Mr. Brown, wait."

"Is there something else?"

Aaron hesitated for a moment before speaking. "Mr. Brown, if I may ask, are you planning to see Mrs. Brown?"

"How did you know?"

Michael was taken aback.

He didn't have to tell Isabella the truth right now, but ever since he learned about her feelings yesterday, he couldn't stop thinking about seeing her.

Even if he didn't say anything, he just wanted to see her.

Aaron, on the other end, guessed it immediately. Normally, he wouldn't interfere in Michael's personal matters.

But now, if he didn't say something, it could lead to big trouble!

"Mr. Brown, take my advice. It's best not to go to Mrs. Brown's house right now. If you really want to go, check the top news online first."

Aaron couldn't say more than that.

He had been keeping a close eye on domestic news while in Auroria.

He had stumbled upon a fresh piece of gossip.

Curious, he clicked on it.

What he saw nearly scared him to death.

Then, he received an even more shocking message from the company: Michael had been removed as president, and Nolan was taking over all responsibilities starting today.

His heart had been racing ever since he made the call, and it took him a long time to calm down.

Michael hung up the phone, puzzled, and opened the news on his phone.

The top headline was explosive.

#Brown Group President's Ex-Wife Spotted with New Boyfriend, Suspected to be Brown Family's Second Son. Intimate Behavior Suggests Romance.

#The Bigger Brother Falls for His Younger Brother's Wife, Forbidden Love Exposed.

The people in the news were Isabella and Nolan?

Michael was stunned. He quickly clicked on the news, and the first thing he saw was a photo of them acting intimately.

Nolan and Isabella were in a café, holding hands and gazing deeply into each other's eyes.

Isabella didn't seem to reject it. On the contrary, she looked sincerely at Nolan.

If Michael had doubted the gossip before, the photo left him speechless.

Isabella had started looking for new happiness.

He had forgotten that Isabella had loved him for three years, but he had worn down her love with his coldness and neglect.

No matter how much she had loved him, after three years of such treatment, how could she still have feelings for him?

She was truly letting go of him.

So she had accepted Nolan's confession?

For the first time, Michael felt the true meaning of despair.

Even losing his position as successor hadn't made him feel this hopeless. But now, he felt like he had lost everything.

He had lost the company, his grandfather's trust, and now the woman he loved was about to be with someone else.

What did he have left?

Nothing.

Without Isabella, he didn't know what the point of all his efforts would be.

###chapter 453  Game Within a Game

Michael slammed his fist onto the steering wheel, his eyes blazing with anger as he gripped the wheel tightly.

"Nolan, you made me lose everything."

He would never let Nolan get away with this.

Meanwhile, back at Brown Enterprises, Aiden got word that Michael had left the company and was driving alone towards the Wilson estate.

He finally breathed a sigh of relief.

Yes, it was all a ruse he had orchestrated-changing the heir and transferring Michael's power.

To Aiden, Michael, the youngest grandson, was the rightful heir to Brown Enterprises. Everything in the Brown family would eventually be handed to Michael.

Aiden had done all this to force Nolan to reveal his true colors. He wanted to see just how far Nolan would go.

And Michael had more important things to deal with than the company right now.

Aiden had deliberately mentioned yesterday's events in front of the two brothers. He had kept quiet before because Isabella had asked him to, but now that Isabella and Michael had divorced, he had to speak up.

He didn't want to lose a good granddaughter-in-law like Isabella.

A knock on the office door interrupted his thoughts.

"Come in."

Nolan, in his wheelchair, appeared at the door, followed by his newly promoted assistant, Alex Green.

"Grandpa, I have some work to report."

Nolan took the files from Alex and waved him off, rolling his wheelchair forward alone.

Alex understood Nolan's signal, nodded, and left, closing the door behind him.

Aiden didn't say a word, but his eyes lingered on Alex. With his decades of experience, he could tell Alex was more of a bodyguard than an assistant.

Nolan couldn't read Aiden's thoughts and began his report.

"Grandpa, here are all the contract documents for the Auroria mine. Michael was in charge of these before. I need your guidance on what to do next."

Nolan was being overly deferential, leaving all decisions to Aiden.

But Aiden despised this pretense.

"Didn't we just appoint you as the company's president in the meeting? Why are you bringing everything to me now? Do you expect me to teach you how to do your job?"

Aiden snapped.

Since everyone supported Nolan, Aiden had gone along with it. But instead of solving problems, Nolan was pushing them back to Aiden.

"But these were Michael's responsibilities. I just don't want to..."

Aiden cut him off, "Don't want what? You've got the position now, so you should handle these issues. Or do you plan to use them against Michael?"

Nolan's eyes widened in shock.

"Grandpa, I wouldn't."

Aiden scoffed, "Wouldn't you? Nolan, I'm old, but I'm not senile. Don't think I can't see through your little schemes."

The biggest flaw in the Auroria project had been found, and Michael had been punished accordingly. Now he was gone. There was no need to bring these minor issues to Nolan.

Nolan was too eager, trying to block Michael's path completely before securing his own position.

He was too ruthless.

Nolan stared at Aiden in disbelief. How had Aiden seen through his seemingly foolproof plan? What did Aiden know?

He could only stay silent to protect himself, pondering where he had gone wrong.

After a moment, Aiden sighed deeply from the sofa.

"I know you've held a grudge against me for years, and I know how reluctant and resentful you were when you left the company. Now that you're back in this position, consider it my way of making it up to you."

"Michael's mistake means he can't return to the company. The board is extremely disappointed in him, and I'm getting old. I won't be around to manage things for much longer. So, I hope you can let go of your hatred and the past, and manage the company well. Can you do that?"

Aiden's heartfelt words gave Nolan a glimmer of hope.

Indeed, in Aiden's eyes, the family business was paramount. As for who was the heir, he didn't care.

Michael was finished. Soon, Brown Enterprises would be Nolan's alone.

Nolan wondered what Aiden's reaction would be if he knew Nolan had conspired with the Adri family to frame Michael. He couldn't wait to see Aiden's face when that day came.

"Don't worry, Grandpa. I'll manage the company well and live up to your expectations."

Nolan spoke earnestly.

Aiden nodded and left the company, not wanting to stay any longer.

He hadn't planned to hand the company to Nolan, but Michael and Isabella's divorce had pushed him over the edge.

Michael knew his own feelings but foolishly agreed to the divorce. He would regret it later.

Nolan had been restless lately, using various means to get into the company. If Aiden didn't find a way to resolve this, he feared Michael and Nolan would end up in a bitter conflict.

Better to defuse the situation now than wait for a crisis.

And he genuinely liked Isabella as a granddaughter-in-law. If this could make Michael realize Isabella's worth and win her back, Aiden's efforts wouldn't be in vain.

As for Nolan, Aiden felt guilty for forcing him out of the company years ago. Letting him manage the company for a while was a way to make amends.

Aiden would find a chance to explain the truth to Nolan later. Nolan would understand.

With his worries eased, Aiden felt a weight lift from his shoulders.

He had settled things at the company. Now he just needed good news from Michael.

At the same time, at the Wilson estate, Isabella received a call from Shadow. As soon as she answered, she heard shocking news.

"Isabella, latest update: Brown Enterprises held a board meeting today. Michael was unanimously voted out and removed as president. He's no longer with the company."

She was stunned.

All she could hear was that Michael had been kicked out of the company.

###chapter 454 Being Used

"How could this happen?"

Michael had been busting his butt for the company for years, never taking a break. Aiden always trusted him completely. So why the heck would Aiden suddenly kick him out?

What the heck went down?

If anyone else had told her, Isabella might've doubted it. But this came straight from Shadow. It had to be legit.

And if it wasn't 100% true, Shadow wouldn't have called her just to spill the beans.

"Shadow, do you know why this happened?"

Isabella knew Shadow probably wouldn't spill the whole story, but she had no other way to dig into it right now.

She was freaking out.

Michael was still recovering from injuries he got because of her, and now this huge mess at the company. Where could he be now?

Shadow sighed on the other end of the line but didn't say much more.

"Isabella, that's all I can tell you. For anything else, I'm really sorry."

Isabella felt crushed.

Michael had lost his CEO position and got booted from the company. Even though he still had the whole Brown Family backing him, losing his power was like losing his purpose.

For someone as proud as Michael, getting knocked off his high horse and stomped on by everyone was worse than death.

Isabella had lived with him for three years and knew better than anyone how proud he was.

Being the heir to the Brown Group wasn't just a power trip for him; it was the result of all his hard work over the years. And now it was gone, just like that.

How could he possibly accept this?

"By the way, Isabella, aren't you curious about who's taking over the company now that Michael's out?"

Isabella was caught off guard.

She had been so worried about Michael that she hadn't even thought about that.

Aiden was over eighty and couldn't possibly come back to run the company.

There was only one other person in the Brown Family who could take the reins.

"Nolan?"

"Exactly!"

Shadow snapped his fingers on the other end of the line and dropped another bombshell.

"Isabella, Nolan's no ordinary guy. And he's not just after the Brown Group; he's after you too."

"Me?"

Isabella frowned, not getting what Shadow was hinting at.

"Yep. Nolan's a master manipulator. Just as the Brown Group's scandal broke, news about you two popped up. Who knows if Michael will pass out from rage when he sees it."

"But for now, you should check the news online. The public's been going nuts from the start, and it's getting out of hand. Brace yourself for what you might see."

Isabella listened to Shadow's cryptic words, then hung up and immediately checked the latest news.

The top headline was about her and Nolan's forbidden romance, with nearly ten million shares. The comment section was a total mess.

[These rich families are so messed up. She was married to Michael from the Brown Family for three years, and right after the divorce, she's with his older brother Nolan. Disgraceful.]

[No wonder she suddenly wanted a divorce. She was tired of Michael and turned to seduce his brother Nolan.]

[She's shameless, and she comes from a prestigious family too.]

[Isabella must be after the Brown Group's fortune. She ruined Michael and now she's after his brother Nolan. Or maybe she just likes this kind of thing.]

Isabella couldn't read any more. Just these few comments made her so angry she almost threw her phone.

What was all this nonsense?

When had she ever had any relationship with Nolan? She didn't even know herself!

Scrolling back up, Isabella opened the photos. Recognizing the location and environment, she remembered it was from a few days ago when she was at a café with Nolan.

That was the day Nolan suddenly confessed to her and impulsively grabbed her hand.

She had been so shocked she couldn't think straight, and her expression was one of pure surprise.

But the photographer's angle and timing made her shock look like immense joy, and Nolan's deep gaze was clearly directed at her.

The person who took the photo had deliberately used it to drag her into a media storm.

Isabella scrutinized the angle. The photographer had been in the same area, secretly taking pictures from their right side.

If it had been a paparazzo, the café wouldn't have allowed it. And Nolan wouldn't have let such photos leak.

The only possibility was that Nolan had arranged it himself.

Only under his orders would someone dare to take such blatant photos in his presence.

Thinking back, she felt foolish.

She had been so concerned about his pride and face, afraid that rejecting him publicly would embarrass him.

It turned out it was all part of his plan.

Today, just as Michael was kicked out of the company, Nolan released these photos. He wasn't hiding his intentions at all.

His goal was to completely crush Michael.

Losing the company, his heir status, and his woman all in one night would devastate anyone, especially Michael.

Isabella's eyes reddened with anger. She had always treated Nolan like a brother, even if they weren't related by blood. She considered him her best male friend.

But he had used her as a tool to attack Michael.

Furious, Isabella found Nolan's number and called him directly.

She needed to ask him why he was using her like this!

When Nolan answered, he was both happy and surprised.

He had been waiting for her to reach out, but he hadn't expected her to see the news so quickly.

"Isabella."

"Nolan, what's with the headlines? What's with the photos? You better give me an explanation! Or I won't hesitate to get a lawyer involved."

Isabella's voice was full of anger and accusation.

If it had been anyone else, she might not have been so furious.

But it was Nolan.

She had always thought he understood her best, that they could talk about anything. Now he had manipulated her and used her to hurt Michael.

How could she tolerate that?

"Isabella, calm down. Just listen to me, okay?"

Compared to Isabella's rage, Nolan was surprisingly calm, as if everything was under his control.

###chapter 455  All for You

"Alright, go ahead. Let's hear what other excuses you got."

Isabella took a deep breath.

Nolan just smiled, his tone still as indulgent as ever. "Isabella, wait up. I haven't told you the good news yet. Today, I got back everything that belongs to me. I'm now the CEO of the Brown Group."

"Remember what I told you? I like you, so for you, I'm gonna be the best I can be. Whether it's my health or my status, I gotta be worthy of you."

Nolan was lost in his own emotions, eagerly anticipating Isabella's reaction to his words.

He had waited three long years for this day.

Every day abroad, he yearned to return to the Brown Group and reclaim everything that was his.

And, of course, his beloved Isabella.

Once, Isabella had chosen Michael over him.

That was a wound he could never erase.

Both grandsons of the Brown Family, they even looked about seventy to eighty percent alike. From a distance, it was hard to tell who was the older brother and who was the younger.

He had fallen for Isabella first. Back then, Michael didn't even like Isabella; he was into Bianca.

But why did Isabella choose Michael over him?

He didn't understand.

Why did Michael always outshine him? He hated Michael's very existence.

If it weren't for Michael, everything in the Brown Family would have been his.

So, no matter the cost or the means, he had to return to the Brown Family.

On the other end of the line, Isabella was stunned.

She opened her mouth, incredulous. "Nolan, do you even know what you're saying? Are you out of your mind?"

Was this still the Nolan she knew?

"Isabella, I'm not crazy. I'm very clear-headed. You have no idea how much I love you, how much I long to have you. I've worked so hard all these years just to stand by your side. Now, I've finally made it."

"Aren't you happy for me?"

Isabella didn't know what to say anymore.

Nolan had lost it, or rather, his mind had been twisted by hatred.

She blamed herself for not noticing his abnormal behavior sooner.

She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. "Nolan, if you were the one being framed and slandered in the news today, would you be happy?"

"And those photos, you had someone take them, didn't you?"

"Michael has already been forced out of the company by you, but that wasn't enough for you. So, you used me to push him further, hoping he'd lose all his fight and never compete with you for the Brown Group's inheritance again. Am I right?"

There was a long silence on Nolan's end.

Isabella was deeply disappointed.

There was no need for Nolan to explain. His earlier words had already revealed how determined he was about today's events.

The truth was right in front of her, and Isabella felt a heavy weight on her chest.

"Nolan, why have you become like this? Why?"

Isabella was on the verge of tears.

Thinking about the Nolan who used to comfort her over the phone and thoughtfully prepared birthday gifts for her every year, Isabella felt a pang of sadness and pain.

She didn't want Nolan to become like this. He was the person she trusted the most.

But why did he have to turn against her, use her, and hurt her in the name of love?

She couldn't accept it.

"Isabella, I love you. I've only ever loved you. Please believe me. I will bring you happiness."

Hearing Isabella's sobs, Nolan panicked.

But this time, Isabella wouldn't believe him anymore.

She didn't give Nolan a chance to explain further and said directly, "No, you don't love me. You love the version of yourself that you haven't achieved. You love yourself."

"Isabella, how can you misunderstand me like this? My love for you is real."

Being denied by the person he loved was devastating for someone like Nolan.

"All these years, I've never been with anyone else. Even when I was abroad, my heart was always with you. Do you know how I survived those three years alone in a foreign country?"

"If it weren't for your photos and calls, I wouldn't have made it this far."

"It was you who gave me the courage to live. How can you doubt my love for you?"

Isabella didn't want to hear any more declarations of love. She calmly rejected him.

"But I don't love you!"

Nolan was momentarily stunned.

Isabella continued, "Nolan, you know I only love Michael. Did you think that just because you confessed your feelings, I had to accept your love?"

"I didn't want to hurt your pride before, so I said I'd think about it. But what did you do? You had someone take photos of me, used me as a tool, and posted them online for entertainment. Did you really think I was that easy to manipulate?"

From that moment on, Isabella's goodwill towards Nolan plummeted to zero.

Since she and Michael were divorced, she no longer cared about Nolan's status as Michael's brother.

"Let me tell you, I have the entire Wilson Family behind me. If this affects the Wilson Family's reputation, you'll be facing a lawsuit."

Nolan had known Isabella long enough to understand that her concern wasn't really about the company's reputation but about Michael.

She just couldn't mention it because of their divorce.

But the more she cared about Michael, the angrier Nolan became.

Why?

Why did Michael deserve Isabella's love?

"Isabella, after all this, you're still most concerned about Michael, aren't you?"

Hearing Isabella's sudden silence on the other end, Nolan let out a cold laugh, feeling a sharp pain in his heart.

"You just can't stand that I forced Michael out of the company. You feel sorry for him. But don't forget, how has he treated you these past three years? Every time you called me, it was because you were crying over him. You're divorced now. Why are you still thinking about him?"

"You're not his anymore. Whether he lives or dies has nothing to do with you."

Nolan finally showed his true colors.

Isabella gritted her teeth and retorted, "That's between him and me. It's none of your business!"

"Nolan, do you really think I don't know what you're up to? Your mind has always been terrifyingly deep. You've been planning this for so long, not just to provoke Michael."

"If I'm not mistaken, your next step is to use public opinion to achieve your goal. You'll announce our divorce first, then take all the blame yourself, using the influence of public opinion to force me to be with you. Ultimately, you'll turn fiction into reality, right?"

###chapter 456 Hidden True Face

Nolan listened to Isabella's detailed analysis of his next steps, his expression growing darker with each word.

Just as he understood Isabella, she understood him just as well.

She was right.

All of this was a scheme he had devised to win her over.

He had already planned every possible outcome, ensuring that no matter what, Isabella would end up being his.

Whether it was real or fake, it didn't matter.

As long as she was his, he was confident he could make her fall in love with him over time.

Just like he had successfully made her dependent on him over the past few years.

So, even though Isabella had seen through his plan, he wasn't going to stop.

"Isabella, I've always said we're the perfect match. Look at how well you know me," Nolan's voice was low and calm over the phone, betraying no emotion.

"So, since you already know how this will play out, why not join me in planning it? Don't you think it would be fun to watch everyone else scramble from above?"

"Nolan, what exactly are you trying to do?"

Was Nolan really this crazy?

Even after she had exposed his scheme, he still wanted to drag her into it.

"Isabella, don't be mad. What's done is done and can't be undone. So, why not be with me? I promise I'll love you for the rest of my life."

"And besides, you don't want to see the Wilson Group's reputation go down the drain, do you?"

Nolan's tone was coaxing, trying to pull Isabella into his camp.

Because before he even started this plan, he had already thought of every possible fallback and blocked them all.

So, once this matter escalated, no one would be able to suppress it. They would just have to watch the public outcry unfold.

And the best, most effective solution was exactly what Isabella had suggested: he would take all the blame upon himself, binding himself to Isabella in the name of love to break the deadlock.

A recently divorced woman being rumored to be involved with her ex-husband's brother, with solid evidence to back it up.

Even an ordinary family couldn't accept such a damaging rumor, let alone the Wilson Family, which held half of Evergreen City.

So, he was certain Isabella would choose him.

It was the only way to save the Wilson Group's reputation.

The Wilson Group was handed to her by her grandfather; she would never let anything happen to the company.

She was too smart not to know the solution.

Hearing Nolan's last sentence, Isabella's hands trembled with anger.

"Nolan, so this is your true nature. How can you be so despicable!"

Thinking back to all the times she had defended him, all the times she had stood up for him in front of Michael, Isabella felt like it was all a joke.

She had been blind to consider him her best friend.

When Michael had spoken ill of him, she had been the first to defend him.

Knowing he was mistreated and undervalued in the Brown Family, she had risked being misunderstood by Michael to bring him birthday gifts and celebrate with him.

Now, looking back, she realized she had misplaced her trust and affection.

He wasn't worth it at all!

"Isabella, I don't like you talking to me like this. I love you. No matter how ruthless I become, my heart is true to you."

"You probably don't know this, but I've even prepared a proposal. The ring is your favorite style. Once I sort things out at the company, I'll come to your house and talk to your uncles. We'll have the wedding exactly as you want it. I won't let you suffer any grievances."

"Nolan, you're dreaming. I will never agree to this!" Isabella blurted out.

She had finally seen through Nolan. He was a wolf in sheep's clothing, a complete madman.

How could she possibly agree to marry him and be with someone like him?

The thought of sharing a bed with such a deceitful and ruthless person made Isabella feel sick.

She wasn't crazy. Even if there was no other solution, she wouldn't agree to his demands.

But Nolan didn't care about Isabella's thoughts at all.

The plan was already in motion, and he wouldn't let anyone stop its progress.

Not even Isabella herself.

He smiled, still speaking in that gentle tone.

"Isabella, behave. I understand how you feel right now. This is all very sudden for you, and it's normal to have trouble accepting it."

"I'm not forcing you to agree right now. Take your time to process it. In a month, I'll have everything ready and propose to you at the Wilson Family. Then you'll be my wife."

"You don't need to worry about anything. Just rest and prepare to be the most beautiful bride."

As Nolan spoke, he was already envisioning their grand wedding in his mind.

In front of everyone, Isabella, dressed in a white wedding gown, would walk towards him step by step.

But the next second, Isabella's furious voice shattered his fantasy.

"Nolan, have you no shame? Give up on the idea of me marrying you!"

With that, Isabella hung up the phone with a snap.

She couldn't bear to listen to another word, fearing she might rush to the Brown Group and give Nolan a good beating.

He was a madman.

Throwing her phone aside, Isabella collapsed onto the bed, feeling drained.

She didn't need to ask Shadow to investigate the Brown Group's crisis anymore.

The real culprit was right in front of her.

And it was Nolan who she had never expected.

For years, he had played the role of a brother, earning her complete trust and dependence. When the time was right, he returned to the country and set his plans and revenge in motion.

He had planned all of this long ago.

For three whole years, he hadn't shown a single flaw.

How deep did Nolan's scheming go?

Compared to the online rumors, she was more worried about one person now.

Michael had been injured for her, and now he had lost control of the company because of Nolan. Given his current emotional state, she was really worried he might lose control.

Michael seemed strong, but he was more fragile inside than anyone else.

The more she thought about it, the more anxious she became.

She urgently needed to know where Michael was.

She couldn't wait any longer.

She had to find out where he was now. If something happened to him, she would regret it forever.

With that thought, Isabella made up her mind and picked up her phone to call Atticus.

"Uncle Atticus, can you find out where Michael is right now? Yes, right now!"

Her tone was firm.

No matter what her relationship with Michael was now, she just wanted to see him safe and sound.

###chapter 457 Exercising Her Rights

"Isabella, don't stress. I'll get someone on it right away. Did something happen? Why do you need to find him so urgently?"

Atticus was one of the few who knew Michael's secret, so when Isabella mentioned wanting to see Michael, his first thought was that something had gone wrong.

Isabella didn't have time to explain everything, so she quickly shared the information she had with Atticus.

"Uncle Atticus, I just heard that the Brown Group's had a major shake-up. Michael's been kicked out of his position. He must be feeling awful right now."

"You know he got hurt because of me. If something happens to him now, I won't be able to live with myself."

The real reason, however, was something Isabella was too embarrassed to admit.

Over the years, she hadn't been able to care about anyone else. Michael's every move affected her deeply. Even though he had never really fulfilled his role as a husband during their marriage, and his treatment of her was inconsistent, her concern for him had become an unspoken habit. She could only attribute it to their fateful encounter years ago.

Right now, she just needed to know he was safe. Everything else could wait.

Atticus, for once, didn't press further. "Got it. I'll send someone to check right away. Don't worry, I'll update you as soon as I have news."

"Thank you, Uncle Atticus."

Isabella breathed a sigh of relief. She had also kept the matter with Nolan from Atticus. Michael's safety was her top priority; she would deal with Nolan later.

Within ten minutes, Isabella received a message. It was brief.

[Starlit Tavern.]

Michael's usual haunt.

Seeing the location, Isabella quickly changed clothes, went to the garage, and drove to the tavern as fast as she could. Once inside, she headed straight to the front desk to ask for Michael's room.

The receptionist pointed to the far end of the hallway.

Isabella thanked her and, in her red high heels, hurried down the hall. Before she even reached the door, she was startled by the loud, angry voices coming from inside.

"Drink! Keep drinking! No one leaves until we're all drunk!"

"Did you hear me? No one leaves!"

Isabella knew she had found the right place just by the sound of his voice. She had only been a little late, and Michael had already drunk himself into a stupor.

Then, a sweet, delicate voice came from the room.

"Mr. Michael Brown, it's not that we don't want to drink with you, but why are you doing this to yourself? No matter how upset you are, you shouldn't neglect your health."

"Yes, Mr. Michael Brown, you've had so much already. If you keep drinking, your body won't be able to take it. Please, stop."

But a drunken Michael wasn't listening. He waved his hand, pushing everyone away.

"Get out! I don't need your advice. If you won't drink, then leave!"

"Get out!"

The sound of breaking bottles and women's screams filled the room. The next moment, the door to the private room burst open, and people rushed out, eager to escape. Only Michael, sprawled on the sofa and completely out of it, and the woman who had been trying to comfort him remained.

The woman, taking advantage of Michael's drunken state, was busy unbuttoning his shirt, hoping to seize the opportunity to climb the social ladder. She didn't even notice Isabella standing outside.

Isabella, in her high heels, stepped over the broken glass and walked straight to Michael.

At that moment, he was frowning and impatiently pushing the woman away. "Didn't I tell you to leave? If you're not drinking, don't get in my way."

"Mr. Brown, I just didn't want you to drink alone. I wanted to keep you company."

The woman's soft hands climbed onto his shoulders, her body writhing seductively in front of him. Michael's status was well-known, and any woman who saw him wanted to use him to get ahead.

"He doesn't need company, especially not from someone like you!"

A cold voice came from behind. The woman froze and turned to see Isabella, dressed in a red coat, her delicate features cold and stern.

"You're the daughter of the Wilson Family?"

Thanks to the media, Isabella was always recognized wherever she went.

Isabella couldn't stand the sight of the woman clinging to Michael. She pointed to the door.

"You're not needed here. Leave."

People in this line of work were all about the money, and Isabella didn't want to make things too difficult for her. So, she spoke as politely as she could.

But the woman saw Isabella as an easy target. Instead of leaving, she acted like she owned the place.

"How ridiculous. Why should I leave just because you say so?"

"Mr. Brown paid me to be here with him. He's not done yet, so why should I go? If anyone should leave, it's you. Who do you think you are?"

The woman adjusted her strap and looked Isabella up and down with a mocking smile.

"I say Ms. Taylor, you're no longer his wife. You two are divorced, yet here you are, chasing him to a bar. It's the first time I've seen something like this."

"To be blunt, even if we did something, what could you do about it?"

Isabella's eyes darkened at her words. She was right. Isabella had no standing to demand that Michael not be with other women. She had never had the power to make him do anything for her. But as the eldest daughter of the Wilson Family, she had never encountered such an insolent woman.

She raised an eyebrow, her face expressionless.

"You're right. Michael and I are divorced. I have no right to control what he does or to make you leave. But..."

The woman on the sofa looked smug. "But what? You just said you have no right."

Before she could finish, Isabella, in her high heels, stepped up to her. The woman, sitting down, felt an overwhelming pressure as Isabella loomed over her, making her too scared to look up.

At that moment, Isabella's cold voice sounded above her.

"I gave you a chance, and you didn't take it. So don't blame me for exercising my rights."

Isabella took out her phone. Within seconds, the door to the private room burst open with a bang. A group of men in black security uniforms rushed in, followed by a pale-faced manager.

"Ms. Taylor, I didn't know you were here. It's all my fault."

Isabella didn't let him continue.

"Do you know how much Michael has drunk? If something happens to him here, can you take responsibility?"

###chapter 458 Drunk Michael

The manager's face went pale at the mention of responsibility.

He quickly bowed his head and apologized, "I'm sorry, Ms. Taylor. This is completely my fault. When Mr. Brown arrived earlier, he seemed really upset, so I asked a few of our hostesses to keep him company. I never thought anyone would try anything inappropriate with him."

As he spoke, the manager shot a disapproving look at the woman in the low-cut top sitting beside Michael.

"Get out! You think you can get close to Mr. Brown? If it weren't for Ms. Taylor's generosity today, you'd be in serious trouble by now."

The manager was itching to throw her out immediately.

Michael was the heir to the Brown Group. If anything happened to him here, the entire bar would be in deep trouble, let alone the manager.

Fortunately, things hadn't escalated to the worst-case scenario. At least, from the current situation, the woman hadn't had the chance to do anything yet.

But the woman wasn't having it.

She pointed directly at Isabella, her face full of sarcasm and smugness.

"Why should I leave? If anyone should go, it's her. Everyone in Evergreen City knows that Isabella and Mr. Brown are divorced. Mr. Brown invited me here tonight. He hasn't asked me to leave, so I'll stay by his side. I'm not like her, thinking she's still Mrs. Brown even after the divorce."

The manager's expression darkened with anger.

He had never seen someone so eager to court disaster!

Isabella had lost her patience to deal with her.

She glanced at the bodyguard behind her, who immediately understood and restrained the woman, leading her away.

"Let go of me! Isabella, you're just relying on being the eldest daughter of the Wilson Family. What else do you have? You married into the Brown Family because of your family's background, but in the end, you still couldn't win a man's love. You're the truly pathetic one!"

"Stop!"

Isabella suddenly turned around at these words, signaling the bodyguard to bring the woman in front of her.

Isabella's gaze was cold as she looked her over.

"My status is something I was born with. It's my asset, and I can use it however I want. What can you do about it? As for a man's love, I can compete for it openly or walk away if I choose. Unlike you, who only knows how to sleep your way to the top. Take my advice - walk away quietly while you still can. Don't force me to destroy you."

With that, Isabella waved her hand, not giving the woman a chance to speak, and had her taken away.

Isabella was here to find Michael, not to argue with others.

The manager and his people also retreated.

The room fell silent.

Isabella looked at Michael, who was lying on the couch, too drunk to open his eyes. She walked over slowly.

As soon as she touched him, he impatiently pushed her away, not even aware of what was happening. He just reached for another drink, not caring who was standing next to him.

"Pour me a drink!"

Hearing Michael's hoarse command, Isabella noticed his glass was empty, and the floor was littered with empty bottles.

All of them were the strongest liquor.

A surge of anger rose within Isabella.

Was he crazy?

He knew he was injured and still drank like this.

When no one poured him a drink, Michael frowned impatiently. "If you won't pour, then get out. Don't just stand there."

Before he finished speaking, he grabbed another bottle and started drinking directly from it.

Isabella's eyes widened.

Without thinking, she stepped forward and snatched the bottle from him, furious. "Michael, are you trying to kill yourself? Do you know how serious your injuries are?"

The doctor had said his worst injury was on his back, with multiple internal injuries from the impact.

He needed to rest properly, or he could suffer long-term consequences.

These injuries were from protecting her. Seeing him disregard his own health like this made Isabella angrier than anyone.

Drunk, Michael didn't recognize who was in front of him.

He just frowned and waved his arm, pushing her away.

Isabella used all her strength to press him back into the couch, looking at him helplessly. "Can you calm down for a moment? You need to go to the hospital."

Worried about Michael's injuries, Isabella held him down with one hand and took out her phone to call the hospital with the other.

But at the mention of the hospital, Michael seemed triggered. He pushed Isabella away, sending her phone clattering to the ground.

This time, Isabella was done playing nice.

She glared at Michael, "Have you had enough? Look at yourself. You're nothing like the man I used to know. If you won't let me help you, then I'm out. I can't do this anymore."

Her words seemed to have a magical effect, successfully calming Michael down.

Michael instinctively looked up, his bleary eyes momentarily clear, staring at the angry Isabella in front of him, thinking he was dreaming.

"Isabella, you're here. Do I have to be drunk to see you?"

Hearing this, Isabella felt a sudden pang in her heart.

What was he doing? They were divorced, and yet here he was, putting on this show of affection. For whose benefit?

Before Isabella could react, Michael's large hand reached out and touched her face naturally.

"Michael, what are you doing?"

Isabella frowned, instinctively stepping back, but Michael's strong hand gripped her waist, holding her in place.

"Let go of me, Michael. Who gave you the right to touch me?"

But Michael seemed not to hear, his hand lingering on her face, as if she were a precious treasure.

Isabella's heart raced despite herself.

Michael's gaze was too intense. She had never seen such raw emotion in his eyes before. He looked at her as if she were his entire world.

But she knew better. Michael didn't love her.

So who was he really seeing?

Bianca?

The thought was unbearable. She shoved him away.

Since she got pregnant, she hadn't had any intimate contact with Michael. Now that he was drunk and mistaking her for someone else, she didn't want to be confused and end up having sex with him.

As she turned to leave, Michael's warm body pressed against her back, his arms wrapping around her.

"Don't go."

"Let me go!"

Isabella struggled, holding back her anger, but Michael only held her tighter. Their bodies pressed together, his warm breath tickling her ear.

"Don't go, Isabella. Don't leave me alone."

At his words, Isabella froze, then slowly turned to face him.

"What did you just say?"

###chapter 459 Want to Hear the Truth

Isabella stopped struggling. She just wanted to know if he had really called out to her just now.

Did she ever have a place in his heart?

Michael's deep eyes were fixed on her as he lowered his head and said, "I said, I don't want you to leave. I finally got to see you in my dream. There's no way I'm letting you go just like that."

Isabella felt both angry and amused.

So, he just thought of her appearance as a dream.

The things he said might not even be true.

He just needed someone to be with him.

Just like how he called so many people to drink with him earlier.

Michael was afraid of being alone too.

She suddenly didn't want to dwell on these things anymore. Over the past few months, she and Michael had been through so much.

She almost forgot how long it had been since they sat down quietly like this to talk.

Ever since she left the Brown Family, every day had been like a battle. They either fought or exchanged harsh words, never showing their true selves.

This feeling of being held securely in Michael's arms was something she hadn't felt in a long time.

Knowing that he wouldn't say these things when he was sober made her want to cherish every moment now.

He said that their current situation was a dream, so she might as well treat it as one. When the dream ended, she would still be the eldest daughter of the Wilson Family, and he would return to being the high and mighty Michael.

They would both forget about today.

Isabella looked up at him and asked, "Michael, do you really think seeing me is a dream?"

She found it strange.

Michael clearly had no feelings for her, so why couldn't he bear to let her go in his dream?

Looking at the now defenseless Michael, Isabella suddenly realized that people were most vulnerable when drunk.

Could she use this moment to ask Michael about the secrets buried in his heart?

"That's right. If it weren't a dream, how could I see you?"

Michael tightened his grip, resting his head on Isabella's shoulder. He nuzzled his chin against her neck and let out a soft, contented hum.

Isabella's body trembled, her face turning bright red.

Was Michael acting cute with her?

No matter how much she denied her feelings for Michael, her body betrayed her.

Just being held like this made her heart race and her face flush.

If Michael weren't drunk, he would have noticed her reaction by now.

But she didn't plan to let Michael take advantage of her for nothing.

While he was drunk, she had other questions she wanted to ask him.

With that thought, Isabella pushed the koala-like Michael off her and made him sit on the couch.

"Michael, I have some questions I want to hear the answers to from your own mouth. You can't lie!"

Isabella stood in front of him, leaning down with a serious and stern look in her eyes.

But Michael was already drunk, his brain no longer functioning, only staring at Isabella with a dazed look, nodding dumbly.

"Okay."

As long as she was by his side, it didn't matter what she said or did, he would agree.

Seeing Michael so obedient and well-behaved, Isabella almost couldn't hold back her laughter.

At this moment, he was like a large, loyal dog, making her want to reach out and pet him.

She could tell that Michael was thoroughly drunk, responding purely on instinct, unable to think.

But that was even better. She could ask all the questions in her heart.

After all, by tomorrow, Michael wouldn't remember seeing her today.

He would just think it was all a dream.

Isabella bit her lip, a bold idea forming in her mind.

She stepped forward, jabbing her finger at Michael's chest, and demanded, "Michael, you wanted to marry Bianca all along, didn't you?"

This question had been bothering her for three years.

Almost four years now.

Three years ago, if she hadn't taken a marriage contract to the Brown Family and insisted on marrying Michael, Bianca would probably be Mrs. Brown by now.

Over the years, she had witnessed Michael's favoritism and protection towards Bianca.

She knew Michael had feelings for Bianca, that he liked her.

But she just wanted an answer, one that would make her never fall for Michael again.

But to Isabella's surprise, Michael froze at her question, then frowned deeply.

He looked at Isabella with confusion, "Why would I marry Bianca? I don't like her."

Isabella was stunned.

She was sure she hadn't misheard.

Michael said he didn't like Bianca?

How was that possible?

When Bianca was abroad, he was always gloomy. As soon as Bianca returned, he was full of energy, always keeping her by his side.

No matter what Bianca did wrong, he would stand by her without hesitation.

And Isabella?

Just because Bianca was upset and cried, he could ignore Isabella for months.

He didn't even want to touch Isabella.

Wasn't it because of Bianca?

Even the Taylor Family lived lavishly on the resources provided by the Brown Group. If that wasn't liking someone, what was?

Isabella's eyes narrowed as she stared at Michael, gritting her teeth.

"Michael, I said no lying! I want the truth."

Wasn't he drunk?

Why wouldn't he tell the truth!

Michael's eyes showed more confusion and difficulty, "I am telling the truth. You just don't believe me."

Maybe Isabella's interrogative gaze triggered something in Michael. He struggled to move closer to her.

"I don't like Bianca. I never liked her. Why don't you believe me?"

The possessiveness in Michael's eyes was too strong, making Isabella instinctively back away.

But as she stepped back, Michael stepped forward.

She had to put her hand on his chest to stop him from moving.

"Sit down and don't move, or I'll leave right now."

Her words worked. Even though Michael wanted to hold her, he didn't want to see her disappear from his dream.

He chose to sit quietly, but his eyes never left her.

He was afraid that if he blinked, she would be gone.

Isabella felt uneasy under his gaze, but she really wanted to continue asking.

After all, Michael's answer had shocked her.

Michael admitted he didn't like Bianca!

But if he didn't like her, why was he so good to her?

Michael wasn't naturally caring, but with Bianca, he was almost overly accommodating, to the point where even outsiders would misunderstand.

So, she had to know the answer.

"You say you don't like her, so why do you protect her unconditionally and even help the Taylor Family?"

###chapter 460 True Feelings Revealed

Isabella thought back to a few months ago when Michael found out that Indigo and Harper were behind his mother's death, yet he still protected Bianca, keeping her hidden from Isabella.

And now he said he didn't like Bianca?

Isabella couldn't tell what was real anymore.

Michael shook his head.

"Isabella, I can't talk about this."

Isabella frowned.

Even drunk, Michael wouldn't spill the truth. What was he hiding?

The more he tried to hide, the more curious she got.

Suddenly, she had an idea.

She moved closer, took his hand, and sat beside him with a gentle smile.

"Michael, remember, this is just a dream. Dreams aren't real. You can say anything you want, and once you wake up, no one will ever know. Plus, bottling everything up like this is eating you alive. Wouldn't it feel good to finally get it off your chest?"

Isabella spoke softly, trying to make him believe it was all just a dream.

Just her moving closer made Michael believe it was a dream.

After all, Isabella would usually push him away, never holding his hand and speaking so gently.

He held her hand tightly. "Yeah, this is a dream."

Isabella blinked. "You finally believe it?"

Michael looked at her seriously, his eyes full of affection. "If this weren't a dream, you wouldn't be this close to me."

Isabella was speechless.

So that was how he figured it was a dream?

All her words were in vain.

But he wasn't wrong.

Normally, she wouldn't sit so close to Michael, especially after their recent divorce.

But to uncover Michael's secret, she had to set aside her pride.

She played along. "I told you, it's just a dream. So, you can say anything. No one will hear."

Then, Isabella repeated her earlier question.

"You haven't said why you don't like Bianca but still treat her so well and help her without considering the consequences?"

If it weren't for Bianca, she and Michael wouldn't have ended up in this mess.

She wouldn't have lost all hope in Michael.

Their arguments and cold wars were always about Bianca.

"I help Bianca because..."

Michael was about to reveal the truth, but he suddenly fell silent at the crucial moment.

He lowered his head and sighed.

Isabella was getting anxious, but then Michael continued.

"She once saved my life."

"What?"

Isabella was shocked.

She had known Michael since they were kids and recognized him immediately when they met again at a party.

Because she liked him, she secretly found out a lot about him, but she had never heard that Bianca saved his life.

Such a significant event couldn't have been hidden by the Brown Family.

However, she remembered the time she saved Michael from drowning.

As Isabella pondered if she had missed something, Michael's voice broke her thoughts.

He held her hand and started recounting the past.

"It was when I was a kid. One summer, I was in a bad mood and went to Moon Bay. I accidentally fell into the water, and Bianca jumped in to save me. When I woke up, she was beside me, soaking wet. I thought she was the girl who saved me. Everything I did for her was to repay that debt."

Michael finished and let out a cold laugh.

"But I never imagined Bianca would be so bold to impersonate someone else. It's my fault for not realizing sooner. I wouldn't have helped her otherwise."

Isabella knew all this.

She had thought about telling Michael, but he was already under Bianca's spell and wouldn't have believed her.

But one thing surprised her.

She always thought Michael's affection for Bianca was genuine, but it turned out he was just repaying a debt.

This realization stirred something in Isabella.

What if she told Michael that the girl who saved him was actually her? How would he react?

Would he feel guilty or treat her as well as he did Bianca?

"So I sent Bianca away. She'll never appear before me again. She caused me to lose the one I love. I hate her. How could I possibly like her?"

The one he loved?

Isabella was stunned by his words.

She couldn't process it.

Michael loved someone else?

And for a long time.

Her heart ached. No matter how hard she tried, she and Michael were never meant to be.

She thought he loved Bianca, but now he said he loved someone else.

Whether it was Bianca or someone else, it was never her.

Isabella held back her sadness. Suddenly, Michael tightened his grip on her hand, forcing her to look up at his anxious face.

"Isabella, if this is a dream, I hope I never wake up. Actually, I've wanted to tell you something for a long time, but I never had the courage. I have feelings for you-real feelings. I wish I had realized it sooner, but I need you to know that you're the only one who's ever meant this much to me."

Michael's eyes were intense, his throat moved slightly, and he held her hands tightly, afraid she would disappear the next second.

Isabella was stunned.

If it weren't for the warmth from Michael's hands, she would have thought she was the one dreaming.

Because everything in front of her was too unreal.

Michael was confessing to her, saying he only loved her.

How was that possible?

Seeing Isabella's calm expression, without a hint of emotion, Michael seemed to expect this outcome and gave a bitter smile.

"Of course, you wouldn't believe it."

He muttered, "How could you believe it? I've caused you so much pain, made you lose our child and your grandfather. It's a wonder you don't hate me. How could you believe what I say?"

"All these years, I treated Bianca as my savior. When she asked for help, I couldn't ignore it. But somehow, every time she needed help, you ended up suffering. Over time, a barrier formed between us that I couldn't break."

"Later, someone told me something. It turns out Bianca wasn't the only one standing between us. There was someone else!"

###chapter 461 It's Not a Dream

'There's someone else?' Isabella was completely baffled.

Besides Bianca, who else could be causing trouble between her and Michael?

For so many years, she had secretly loved Michael. Even after three years of marriage, Bianca's presence had always loomed over their relationship.

But who was this other person Michael was talking about?

Seeing Isabella's confusion, Michael sighed and revealed the name.

"It's Nolan! Ever since Nolan came back, you've been all about him. Plus, with Nolan's subtle hints, I've always thought you were in love with him. I wanted to let go because I couldn't stand seeing you in pain, loving someone you couldn't be with."

If it weren't for Grandpa accidentally spilling the beans yesterday, Michael might never have known.

Isabella was speechless.

What was he thinking?

If she really liked Nolan, she would have chosen him from the start.

Why would she have fought with her grandfather for so long just to marry Michael?

Even though she had a good relationship with Nolan over the years, every conversation they had was always about her and Michael.

And yet Michael, the CEO of the Brown Group who handled complex business matters with such skill, could be incredibly immature when it came to relationships.

As she sighed in frustration, Michael's large hand, which had been holding hers, suddenly tightened and pulled her into his arms.

Michael's deep eyes gazed at her with infatuation.

"Isabella, you're right. Saying some things out loud does make it easier. If it weren't for this dream, I might never have had the chance to say them. You have no idea how much I've missed you."

Isabella pressed her lips together, trying to suppress the fluttering in her heart.

Michael's eyes were filled with intense love, something she had longed for but never received for over a decade.

And now, she had it.

It was something she never expected.

She never thought she would hold such a place in Michael's heart, a place of deep love.

Maybe this really was a dream.

Not just for Michael, but for her too.

If Michael had said these things while sober, she might not have believed him. But he said it while drunk, leaving her no choice but to believe.

A part of her heart felt suddenly filled.

This was the outcome she had hoped for, but it wasn't what she wanted now.

Because it was all too late.

Even if she knew Michael's feelings now, what difference did it make?

They had officially divorced yesterday.

It was over.

"Michael, this is a dream. When you wake up, you'll forget everything that happened. I won't bother you anymore."

Isabella's voice was calm as she spoke.

They were both adults and had to take responsibility for their actions.

Hearing that Isabella wouldn't come back, Michael panicked.

He held her tightly, not letting her go.

"No! Isabella, don't go. I'll tell you anything you want to hear, just don't leave me."

Michael's eyes were red, his hands gripping her shoulders tightly, not daring to let go.

"Isabella, you can't do this to me. You promised to stay with me forever. Have you forgotten?"

His voice was hoarse, his eyes bloodshot.

Isabella felt just as bad.

She had waited over a decade for his love, and now she had to cut it off herself. Did he think it didn't hurt her?

Every event from the past was etched in her heart. She couldn't pretend they never happened.

She had given him one last chance at the hospital.

She had asked him why he saved her.

But he had refused to answer.

"Michael, you're not the only one who suffered in this relationship. Don't forget, you were the one who asked for the divorce!"

Isabella's voice was cold and decisive.

Her chest was filled with anger.

He knew she hated being deceived, yet he lied to her again and again.

If he had said he didn't have feelings for her, she wouldn't have shed a tear over the divorce.

But now he told her he loved her, yet still wanted a divorce, causing her immense pain.

This made her hate him even more!

Was it fun to play with her like this?

Michael's eyes dimmed instantly at her words.

Yes.

He had rejected Isabella first. What right did he have to ask for her forgiveness?

"You're right. I did ask Thomas for the divorce."

Michael lowered his eyes, not daring to look at Isabella.

"Good. Since we're divorced, talking about love is meaningless. Michael, stop deceiving yourself. This dream should end."

Isabella pushed Michael's hands off her and stood up to leave.

But the next second, she was pulled into a tight embrace.

Michael's voice came from behind her, "Isabella, this is my dream. If I don't let you go, you can't leave."

"Michael, let go."

"I won't. I finally dreamed of you. I won't let you go."

The smell of alcohol grew stronger as Michael leaned in, his teeth grazing her neck with unexpected force. Isabella gasped at the sharp sensation.

"Michael, what are you doing? Are you biting me?"

She trembled as he continued, the mixture of pain and strange tingling overwhelming her senses.

His voice was low and possessive. "Call me whatever you want, but tonight, you're mine. No one can take you away from me."

With a ripping sound, Isabella's dress was torn.

"Michael!" she exclaimed, alarmed. "Stop it!"

Instead of answering, Michael captured her mouth in a demanding kiss that stole her breath.

Before she could react, his arms encircled her waist, lifting her effortlessly onto the sofa and pinning her beneath him, cutting off any chance of escape.

"Michael. This isn't a dream. Wake up and let me go."

With the person he loved in his arms, Michael couldn't hear a word, his mind clouded by alcohol, wanting only to kiss her.

Her lips were ravaged by his kisses, and Isabella's eyes widened, "Michael, stop it."

She used all her strength to push him away, but before she could, Michael groaned in pain.

He clutched his chest, frowning.

Isabella's face changed. She had almost forgotten about Michael's internal injuries.

###chapter 462 A Long Night

"Michael, are you okay? Where does it hurt?"

Seeing Michael's face go pale with pain, Isabella felt a wave of guilt wash over her.

She knew he was hurt, so why did she hit him so hard just now?

But he was being so annoying, always trying to touch her.

She was about to lift his shirt to check his injuries when, in the next second, he scooped her up and carried her into the temporary resting room.

Isabella was tossed onto the bed, followed by the sound of his heavy breathing.

"I was just kidding around. If you stay still, my injury won't hurt."

"Michael, you jerk."

"Isabella, just think of me as a jerk. After all, this is just a dream. I'm not letting you go."

His passionate kiss silenced her completely.

All night long, Michael made love to her repeatedly, holding nothing back.

The next morning, when Isabella woke up, her body ached so much she thought her back might actually be broken.

She turned and glared fiercely at the sleeping Michael beside her. If she wasn't afraid of waking him and ruining her plan, she would have slapped him.

Just because it was a dream, did he think he could do whatever he wanted?

The entire night, he didn't stop. By the end, she couldn't even beg for mercy anymore, just lying there watching the ceiling light blur above her.

She forced herself to sit up despite the soreness, carefully putting on her clothes. She had to leave before Michael woke up.

Let Michael think it was just a dream.

She could forget everything from the past.

But this time, she couldn't forgive Michael.

He clearly liked her, yet he rejected her, even initiating their divorce.

No matter the reason behind his decision, she couldn't get past it.

She wanted Michael to feel the pain of unrequited love.

But now, she had to leave.

If Michael found out, it would be too late.

As she took her first step, Isabella's face turned pale for a moment.

That bastard, did he take something? How could he be so rough every time? She didn't need to check to know her vagina was swollen again.

She gritted her teeth and glared at Michael one last time, then took a deep breath, gathered her things, and opened the door.

The Wilson family's bodyguard was standing outside. Seeing Isabella come out, he bowed his head and said, "Ms. Taylor!"

Isabella pulled up her coat collar, her voice slightly hoarse, "Let's go home."

It was all Michael's fault for having too much energy. She barely slept last night, and now her body felt like it had been run over by a truck. She didn't want to do anything but go home, take a good shower, and sleep.

The bodyguard looked troubled. "Ms. Taylor, there's something you should know."

"What is it?"

"Mr. Atticus Wilson just called looking for you, and Mr. Holden Wilson is at home waiting for you too. If they see you like this, I'm afraid..."

The bodyguard didn't dare to say more.

With Atticus's temper, if he knew Isabella spent the night with Michael, he might show up ready for a fight.

"Like this?"

Isabella belatedly looked down at herself, catching a glimpse of her reflection in the wall mirror, seeing the kiss marks on her neck.

She closed her eyes in frustration.

Even her coat couldn't cover the marks. She could only imagine how intense it had been.

"Take me to a hotel instead."

Not only were Atticus and Holden at home, but Olivia was there too. If they saw her like this, she couldn't imagine the consequences.

She needed to hide out for a couple of days until the marks faded.

Shortly after Isabella left, Michael slowly woke up, looking at the messy room.

Rubbing his throbbing temples, he recalled a vivid dream from last night.

In the dream, he and Isabella talked for a long time.

Then she wanted to leave, and he panicked.

So he pulled Isabella onto the bed and made love to her repeatedly.

Even though he knew it was a dream, his body felt relieved and satisfied, and he felt much better now.

Even his injuries didn't hurt as much.

If only it wasn't a dream.

Thinking this, Michael couldn't help but smile bitterly.

What was he thinking?

If that dream were real, Isabella would probably want to kill him, not let him do things she didn't like.

As he was lost in thought, his phone suddenly rang.

It was Aaron calling.

Michael, in a good mood, picked up the phone. "At this hour, it should be evening there. Why aren't you spending time with your girlfriend instead of calling me?"

Even over the phone, Aaron could sense Michael's good mood.

He couldn't help but laugh. "Girlfriends are important, but I have something more important to discuss with you."

"What is it?"

Michael's voice was lazy and hoarse, like he had just woken up.

Aaron had a hunch but didn't dare pry into his boss's personal life.

He just shared his thoughts. "Mr. Brown, I've made up my mind. I only recognize you as my boss, so I'm resigning!"

After learning that Michael had left the company yesterday, he made this decision.

He had already sent his resignation letter to the HR department.

The reason was that he was getting married and wasn't sure where he would settle down, so he planned to resign and focus on the wedding.

He knew his resignation would be quickly approved.

Especially now, as Nolan was consolidating his power.

Anyone loyal to Michael would be let go, and Aaron, as the CEO's assistant, would be the first to go.

Aaron had been with Michael since he joined the company. Now that Michael was no longer the CEO of the Brown Group, Nolan wouldn't keep Aaron around.

Rather than being marginalized, Aaron decided to plan for his future.

But he still wanted to inform Michael.

Even if Michael was no longer the CEO, he was still Aaron's boss.

If possible, Aaron wanted to continue working with Michael.

But Aaron didn't expect Michael's reaction to be so different from what he imagined.

"Did you lose your mind while you were overseas? Didn't I tell you that even if Nolan doesn't want you here, I can easily transfer you to another branch? If you want to stay with the company, that's totally doable. Everyone knows you're my assistant. As long as you don't screw up, Nolan wouldn't dare touch you. At most, he'll just transfer you to another department, but your pay won't take a hit. Why walk away from good money?"

Michael's barrage of questions left Aaron stunned.

Was this still the aloof Michael he knew?

He was actually coaching an assistant on how to milk the company for benefits!

###chapter 463 Impossible to Let Go

Michael thought to himself that it wasn't his problem to worry about the company now since he wasn't the CEO. He just didn't want Aaron to get the short end of the stick.

On the other end of the line, Aaron chuckled.

"Mr. Brown, if I hadn't heard it myself, I'd think you were someone else. I can't believe you just said that."

Everyone knew Michael had a reputation for being a workaholic at the company. Employees were always on edge, fearing they'd be fired by Michael for the slightest mistake. Now, here he was, advising his assistant on how to slack off and still get paid. The change was too drastic.

Aaron still felt something was off with Michael today. He seemed different from usual.

"Mr. Brown, what's going on? You used to be the last person to tolerate employees who weren't serious about their work."

Michael was momentarily speechless. He smiled wryly, "Well, back then, I was the boss, so I couldn't act like this. Now that I'm not the CEO, why should I worry about saving the company money for Nolan?"

Aaron was even more surprised. "Mr. Brown, Nolan's pushed you this far, and you don't plan to take the company back? You don't hate him at all?"

Michael let out a cold laugh. "Why should I hate him?"

He knew he would take back the company one day. As for Nolan, he used to see him as a rival or an enemy. But after learning that everything Nolan had told him was a lie, he no longer saw Nolan as a threat.

Isabella loved him, not Nolan. That was all he needed to know.

Taking over the company was never Michael's wish; it was his grandfather's idea imposed on him. If his grandfather hadn't announced it on his twentieth birthday, things might have turned out differently.

Now, he finally had a moment of respite and freedom. Why would he rush back into that cage?

Nolan had an almost obsessive attachment to the Brown Group, but what he didn't know was that Michael never intended to fight him for it.

They were both born to dedicate their lives to the family. Being chosen didn't mean being lucky. Those who couldn't see through it would only get trapped.

The day he walked out of the courthouse with Isabella, Michael finally realized what he truly wanted. He didn't want much; he just wanted to protect her. He hadn't thought much beyond that.

Hearing Michael's indifferent tone, Aaron was stunned for a moment before he reacted.

"Mr. Brown, have you really thought it through? You're not planning to take back the company?"

Even as an assistant, losing his job suddenly would leave him feeling empty. Michael had spent years at the company, often too busy to sleep. Being stripped of all his duties by his own brother must have left him with some feelings.

Michael knew what Aaron was getting at, but he wasn't as aggressive as others might think. Maybe it was the vivid dream he had last night, but he was in a great mood.

"The company was handed over to Nolan with Grandpa's approval. He announced the change in leadership. It's not something I can just take back whenever I want. But..."

Michael could step back for now, but admitting defeat was out of the question. A sharp glint flashed in his eyes. If he found out Nolan had anything to do with the Brown Group's recent troubles, he wouldn't go easy on him.

His feelings for Nolan were always superficial. If Nolan wanted to reclaim the Brown Group's inheritance, he could have openly stated his intentions and faced him head-on. If Nolan won, Michael would hand over the company, regardless of their grandfather's opinion.

But if Nolan resorted to underhanded tactics, possibly even involving the Adri Family, Michael wouldn't hesitate to cut ties.

Thinking of this, Michael asked Aaron, "When do you plan to wrap up your trip in Auroria and come back to help me?"

The Brown Group was in a precarious position, and Nolan was wary of him. It wasn't easy for him to make a move. Aaron's presence would be a great help.

"Give me two more weeks."

Michael's invitation made it clear to Aaron that he wasn't letting go of the Brown Group. As long as Aaron returned, the position of the CEO's assistant would still be his.

Aaron needed to quickly resolve the issues abroad and bring Renee back with him. Since arriving in Auroria, Renee had been taken to the Adri Family's research facility. Though she wasn't restricted, most of her time was consumed by experiments. The Adri Family wouldn't be so kind otherwise.

Aaron could only see her at night. In a foreign country, he felt uneasy. He had been trying to convince Renee to leave and cut ties with the Adri Family, suggesting they return home and live as a normal couple.

He could tell Renee was wavering; otherwise, she wouldn't have found a safe place for him to stay. Tonight, he planned to tell her about resigning from the Brown Group and discuss their escape plan.

But when Renee returned that evening, she caught Aaron off guard.

They were having dinner when Aaron seriously said, "Renee, I have something important to tell you. I resigned from the Brown Group."

Renee nodded, seemingly unsurprised. "I know."

Aaron frowned. "How did you know?"

He had only sent the resignation email to HR today and informed Michael over the phone. Renee had been in the lab all day. How could she know?

Seeing Aaron's expression, Renee realized her words had aroused his suspicion. She quickly explained, "Don't get the wrong idea. I just had a feeling. You've been here a long time, and the Brown Group hasn't called you back. I thought maybe they didn't want you to return."

The more Renee spoke, the more Aaron sensed something was off. How did she know the Brown Group didn't want him back? He had only learned about the internal changes yesterday. Yet Renee seemed to know everything, including his resignation.

There was only one possibility left.

###chapter 464 Make a Deal

There was a mole inside the Brown Group.

And that mole was someone from the Adri Family.

Just the thought made Aaron's heart race.

If the Adri Family had already infiltrated the Brown Group, then Michael must be under surveillance.

"Renee, I know you have nothing to do with this, but can you tell me who the mole in the Brown Group is? I need to let Mr. Brown know ASAP."

Renee hesitated. She put down her utensils and looked at Aaron with a guilty expression.

"Aaron, you promised you wouldn't put me in a tough spot. Are you going back on your word?"

Aaron fell silent. He had made that promise.

He'd been too impulsive.

He knew Renee and he were on opposite sides, yet he wanted to use their relationship to get what he needed.

If Renee really told him, who knew what would happen to her next.

He couldn't be that selfish.

"Renee, I'm sorry. Forget I asked."

Aaron's serious demeanor made Renee's heart ache, and she couldn't help but relent.

"I was just messing with you. Did you actually fall for that? Think about it. If it were really confidential, would I just spill it to you?"

When she first learned about this, she had already thought of Aaron.

Her troubled expression earlier had been an act, but he'd completely bought it.

"Really?" Aaron was surprised. "If you really know something, would you tell me who it is?"

"Of course!"

Renee answered without hesitation.

She had fallen in love with Aaron and naturally considered his interests.

But before speaking, Renee got up and sat on Aaron's lap, naturally.

"I'll tell you, but not now."

"Why not?"

Aaron was puzzled.

Renee wrapped her arms around his neck, looking down at him with a glint in her eye and a sly smile.

"Aaron, let's make a deal! Show me you're serious first, and then I'll tell you what you want to know. Fair enough?"

Renee raised an eyebrow at him, clearly challenging him.

Aaron felt like he was back at their first meeting, unable to suppress a smile.

Only he knew that he had been deeply attracted to Renee's playful nature from the start. Her confident little face would always appear in his mind late at night.

Renee had a strong sense of professional responsibility. If she didn't want to reveal something, no amount of coercion or bribery would make her say a word.

Now she was willing to trade internal secrets with him.

It seemed his place in Renee's heart was far greater than he had imagined.

To Aaron, her way of expressing herself was no different from flirting.

His eyes darkened, and he pulled her into his arms, nodding.

"Alright. What's your condition?"

Aaron squinted at Renee, his gaze fixed on her red lips, his thoughts wandering.

Renee didn't notice this. She thought about what she truly needed.

"I need a private jet to take me back home whenever I want. Make that happen, and I'll tell you everything you need to know."

Renee emphasized her words with quiet confidence, knowing the Brown Group's biggest weakness right now was their reactive stance.

Having insider intelligence on their opponent's next moves would give the Brown Group the edge they desperately needed.

As Aaron's superior, he would definitely agree.

But Aaron was captivated by Renee's charm.

He only heard the first part of her request; the rest was lost as he watched her seductive lips move.

Renee was naturally beautiful and confident, and now she was deliberately sitting on his lap, teasing him. Aaron couldn't resist.

From the moment she got close, his mind was filled with wild thoughts.

"Aaron, what are you thinking? I've stated my condition. The next move is yours."

Renee's reminder brought Aaron back to reality.

He cleared his throat, trying to regain his composure.

"A private jet is doable. How soon do you need it?"

Aaron didn't have the means himself, but Renee wasn't asking him; she was asking Michael.

These secrets, once revealed, would only benefit Michael. Only he could provide such conditions.

Although Michael had been ousted from the Brown Group, he still had his accumulated power and resources.

Getting a private jet wouldn't be difficult for Michael.

"Three days. Can you do it?"

Renee specified a time.

Clearly, from the moment she walked in, Renee had planned every step.

Including Aaron's reaction and her understanding of the situation back home, everything was under her control.

Aaron realized this belatedly, feeling a sense of disparity.

He was her man.

In such a big matter, shouldn't her first reaction be to discuss it with him? But now it seemed like Renee had everything planned out.

She was just waiting for him to fall into the trap!

And he was willingly jumping in.

He looked at her with a hint of resentment, his tone aggrieved.

"Three days? Why didn't you tell me this at the last minute? Do you think I can magically produce a private jet anytime, anywhere?"

He wasn't even in the country. Even if he informed Michael, it would take time to arrange. And she only gave him three days?

Renee knew he was upset.

He was upset that she didn't think of him first and took everything on herself.

He always wanted her to put him first, even in the smallest matters.

It made her seem like a naive girl.

But she loved him for it.

For Aaron, she was head over heels.

Thinking of this, she tightened her arms around his neck, whispering in his ear.

"Three days shouldn't be a problem for you. I believe in you completely. After all..."

Renee's voice softened as she leaned in, gently nibbling his earlobe.

"You're my husband."

The warmth of her breath and the intimate way she whispered "husband" sent heat coursing through Aaron's body.

They were in the middle of a serious conversation, but all he could think about was taking her to bed.

"Renee," he murmured, his voice low with desire, "don't think you're getting away that easily tonight. I won't stop even if you beg me to."

Whatever she wanted, he would get it for her.

As for her intentions, he wouldn't ask.

They were loyal to different sides, so many things couldn't be as open as ordinary couples, but it didn't affect their love.

He would always trust her unconditionally.

###chapter 465 Hundred Days Memorial

From the living room to the bedroom, they tumbled onto the bed together.

Renee took a deep breath, looking at Aaron with his eyes burning with desire. She gently ran her fingers through his hair.

Her voice was sultry and captivating, "Aaron, aren't you curious why I want a private jet?"

"Whatever you want, I'll do my best to give it to you."

Aaron's voice was hoarse, his response firm and resolute.

Right now, all he wanted was to tear off the clothes that were in the way, to breathe in her scent, and to feel her skin against his. He had no interest in discussing trivial matters at this moment.

He unbuttoned her shirt, his mind solely focused on removing Renee's top. Ever since they returned to Auroria, she had gone back to wearing those complicated outfits.

Every time he tried to undo them, it was a hassle.

This time, he couldn't hold back. With a strong hand, he tore her top open.

"You."

Feeling a sudden chill on her chest, Renee looked at her torn top in shock, then at the impatient Aaron, almost bursting into laughter.

Before she could speak, her voice was muffled by his kiss, leaving her to make soft, muffled sounds.

Aaron's hands were restless, gripping her waist as he warned, "Stop laughing. Focus, okay?"

After a night together, Renee finally understood what Aaron meant when he said he wouldn't let her go even if she cried.

The Wilson Villa.

Today was the day of Daniel's hundredth-day memorial.

Isabella had returned home the night before, and the marks on her body had been iced away, leaving no trace.

The Wilson Family didn't want a grand ceremony; they just wanted to visit Daniel's grave as a family, to talk to him.

They would have a meal together afterward.

The Wilson brothers all returned on time, and they drove to the cemetery to visit Daniel.

Isabella held her grandfather's favorite wine and her grandmother's favorite lilies.

Her grandfather had requested to be buried with her grandmother after his death.

She placed the items carefully in front of the grave.

Looking at the photo on the tombstone, she felt like she was back in her childhood, the little princess loved by her grandfather and uncles.

Isabella's eyes reddened as she touched the photos of her grandparents, feeling a deep sadness.

She missed her grandfather so much.

But she would never see him again.

Fearing that Isabella would be overwhelmed with grief, Atticus didn't linger at the cemetery. After the five brothers bowed deeply to the tombstone, they took Isabella and left.

Back at the Wilson Villa, Cinda had already set the table for lunch.

Atticus left the head seat empty, setting a place as if Daniel had never left.

Seeing this, Isabella's eyes reddened again.

She felt a deep sorrow in her heart.

But she knew her uncles felt the same way; they just wouldn't easily shed tears.

Their love and longing for Daniel were no less than hers.

During the meal, the atmosphere was somber.

Isabella broke the silence, "Atticus, don't be like this. Grandpa would want us to live happily. If we're happy, he'll be happy too."

Atticus smiled slightly and nodded. "Isabella's right. Grandpa loved lively gatherings. If he knew we were all here today, he'd be happy."

The others agreed.

Holden, looking at the dishes in front of him, sighed as if he remembered something. "Since Dad passed, it feels like something's missing in this house. It's like the space has grown bigger, and it's not as lively as before."

Everyone felt the same way.

Isabella felt it most clearly. Whether when her grandfather was alive or after his death, she had always stayed here, witnessing the transition from a bustling house to an empty one.

But her grandfather was gone, and that was an undeniable fact. The living couldn't dwell in sorrow forever. If her grandfather saw them like this, he would be heartbroken.

The food tasted bland in her mouth. Isabella took a deep breath, put down her utensils, and suddenly said to her uncles, "Since no one has an appetite, how about we play a game? A question-and-answer game?"

It was a way to lighten the mood. And she could use the opportunity to probe her uncles. She usually didn't get the chance.

Atticus didn't object, though his steady and reserved nature made it hard for him to keep up with Isabella's train of thought. Olivia, sitting next to him, immediately understood Isabella's intention. She winked at her and agreed.

"Sure, but since it's a game, it should go both ways. You can't just ask questions; we should be able to ask you too."

Since returning from Graceful Haven Church, Atticus had announced his relationship with Olivia to the family. The brothers knew, so when Olivia joined them, they naturally left the seat next to Atticus for her. After all, she was Atticus's future wife, and despite her younger age, her status was clear.

With Olivia's agreement, Atticus consented. The others, seeing Atticus had no objections, had nothing to say, though they secretly wondered what dirt Isabella might have on them.

Isabella quickly targeted Thomas, her gaze falling on him. She asked directly, "Thomas, I'm starting with you. No lying."

Thomas blushed, glancing nervously at his brothers, who all had a "let's see what happens" look. He coughed awkwardly. "Of course, Isabella. You can trust me."

Isabella nodded, smiling slightly. At this point, Thomas still cared about his pride. It seemed she needed to be more direct.

"Okay, I'll ask directly. I want to know what kind of person your personal assistant is. Describe them in one sentence."

Thomas was taken aback. He knew his niece wouldn't miss his little secret. Thinking of his assistant, he shook his head, "If I had to say, she's a clumsy troublemaker!"

His words immediately made Isabella understand. Not just her, but the other uncles also had an "I see" expression.

The only one who didn't get it was Holden. "Thomas, have you been working too hard? Why hire a clumsy assistant when you could get a smart one?"

Thomas was known as a workaholic, running a financial company. How could he keep a "clumsy" assistant? Was he out of his mind?

###chapter 466 No One Can Escape

Thomas's face darkened immediately upon hearing that, but he had no comeback.

Kian, who had lived abroad for years, chuckled and patted Holden on the shoulder.

"Holden, that's not fair. We all know what Thomas is capable of. His mind's always sharp, which is why he's made such a name for himself overseas. If you ask me, maybe Thomas has just changed his taste. He's not into those overly smart people anymore, so he keeps a clumsy assistant around. Teaching her step-by-step must be quite entertaining!"

As soon as Kian finished speaking, Thomas's face turned awkward.

But he held it in.

Kian, however, wasn't planning to let him off the hook. Raising an eyebrow, he asked again.

"Thomas, don't stay silent. Tell us how your little assistant clings to you with questions. She must be in awe of your abilities, looking at you with nothing but admiration, right?"

Kian's words instantly made Thomas and his assistant's relationship seem ambiguous.

Thomas sighed in exasperation.

He couldn't get rid of this assistant, no matter how hard he tried.

He had to keep her around and teach her slowly.

If he had known his partner's sister would be such a handful, he would never have agreed to let her join the company.

He wasn't the type to help just anyone, but he couldn't refuse this time.

He had underestimated the chaos a young woman could cause. She managed to miss the most crucial part of a contract review and even lost the pricing sheet.

It almost led to the other company terminating their contract. If he hadn't personally gone to apologize, it would have been a disaster.

He was clearly the biggest victim here, so how did it turn into him having something with his assistant?

He had no interest in that girl at all.

All he had left was a headache.

But he wasn't going to let Kian's words slide. If Kian thought he had no dirt on him, he was in for a surprise.

Thomas narrowed his eyes, turned to Kian, and smirked.

"Kian, you can't just accuse me without evidence. As the CEO, I have to set an example and properly guide my assistant. It's all work-related, so how did it become something else? But there's something I'm curious about. Can I ask for your opinion?"

"Go ahead!"

Kian showed no fear.

"Kian, what do you think about a man in his thirties who doesn't get married or date, but keeps visiting his neighbor's house to secretly meet and chat with their daughter? Isn't that a bit inappropriate?"

Kian secretly meeting the neighbor's daughter?

Isabella's interest was piqued.

No wonder Kian had never been linked to anyone romantically, despite being the first to settle abroad.

So he had someone in mind all along?

Isabella thought her little game had turned out to be quite revealing.

She had only intended to lighten the family atmosphere, but she ended up uncovering her uncles' hidden secrets.

And they were all shocking.

Thomas continued, "From what I know, the neighbor's daughter is at least seven or eight years younger than you and still a student. She has no idea someone has their eye on her. Some people are real schemers, not hiding their intentions at all, just waiting for her to grow up before making a move."

Kian calmly picked up his wine glass and took a sip. He didn't seem to think he had done anything wrong. Instead, he looked at Thomas with a knowing smile.

"I'm no schemer. I suggest you focus on solving your own problems. Whether you can't get rid of her or don't want to, only you know. Let me give you some advice: if you have feelings, act on them. Don't wait until you're in too deep to realize it."

Thomas was momentarily speechless. Kian, being a few years older, always knew how to hit where it hurt. But Thomas wasn't ready to think about that. He had never planned on getting married.

Isabella picked up her wine glass, trying to hide her excitement. This was just the beginning, and already two big secrets had come out. If she kept asking, who knew what else she might uncover? But today, she wasn't planning to let her uncles off the hook. One by one, none of them would escape.

Just then, Atticus spoke up in a deep voice, "Alright, enough. Look at yourselves. Isabella and Olivia are still here. Do you really need to air your dirty laundry for everyone to see?"

When Atticus spoke, his younger brothers listened. With Daniel gone, Atticus was like a father figure to them. But at this moment, seeing Atticus with a girlfriend the same age as his niece, and hearing his words... They all exchanged looks of disbelief. How could Atticus say that with a straight face?

Thomas, being the youngest, mustered the courage to retort, "Atticus, don't you think you're the last person who should be saying that?" He glanced at Olivia beside Atticus, then back at him, unable to understand. They hadn't seen each other for just a month, and Atticus had already found a wife? And one so much younger? Was he trying to rub it in their faces?

Holden chimed in, "I have to say, Atticus kept this well-hidden. Not only did you guys not know, but I only found out a few days ago."

With that, Kian followed suit. He smiled suggestively, "Exactly, Atticus. That's not fair. How could you steal Isabella's friend?"

Thomas immediately countered, "Atticus clearly likes younger women. That's his type."

They all took turns, not caring about the expressions of those involved. Olivia had only come to keep Isabella company, worried about her mood. She never expected to be bombarded by the Wilson brothers. And they weren't holding back. Her face turned beet red, and she wished she could disappear.

Seeing this, Atticus instinctively wanted to protect her, but his brothers held him back, insisting they hear his true feelings.

###chapter 467 Unexpected Visitor

Seeing the situation, Isabella quickly pulled Olivia to her side.

Atticus could handle being "bullied," but she couldn't just stand by and watch her best friend get dragged into it.

They sat across from each other, stifling their laughter as they watched Kian and Thomas bombard Atticus with questions until he was speechless.

Holden and Orion were off to the side, watching the commotion with no intention of stepping in to help.

But their indifference caught Isabella's attention.

She almost forgot that there were still two uncles without any prospects.

That wouldn't do.

She had personally promised her grandfather that she would take care of her uncles' marriages.

Now that Atticus and Olivia were practically a done deal, and there was good news from Thomas and Kian, it was time to bring out her list.

Just then, Kian suddenly turned his attention to Holden and Orion, who were making snide comments from the sidelines.

"We've all spilled our secrets. Did we forget about these two over here?"

Hearing Kian's words, Holden and Orion, who had been smiling, suddenly looked dumbfounded.

How did they get dragged into this just by watching?

Isabella's eyes lit up.

She had been wondering how to broach the subject with Holden and Orion, and Kian had just handed her the perfect opportunity.

What was she waiting for?

"Kian's right. Holden, Orion, when are you going to bring your girlfriends home?"

Isabella thought of her grandfather.

If he could see his grandsons finding their own happiness, he would be so relieved and happy.

"Isabella, why are you joining in on this? Orion and I are fine being single. Right, Orion?" Holden said, nudging Orion with his elbow.

"Orion, what do you think?" Isabella asked curiously.

She thought that if she was going to set up dates for her uncles, she needed to understand their thoughts first.

"I..."

Orion started to speak but was interrupted by the sound of a car pulling up outside.

Everyone looked out the window. Today was Daniel's hundredth-day memorial, and the Wilson Family hadn't invited anyone. Who could it be?

As they all wondered, the car door opened, and a woman in a black suit stepped out.

She wore light makeup and only a pair of pearl earrings, but her exquisite face was stunning.

"Who is she?" Isabella was puzzled. The woman looked familiar, but she couldn't recall her name.

Thankfully, Olivia reminded her.

"Isabella, isn't she the actress who came to Daniel's funeral? Her name is Jessa, I think."

Isabella remembered.

Jessa had come to her grandfather's funeral, making a special trip.

But Jessa's makeup was different today, almost unrecognizable.

Hearing Olivia's words, the five Wilson brothers also realized who she was.

A guest was a guest, especially on such a special day. They couldn't be rude.

Among the brothers, Holden was the most sociable. Knowing she was here to pay her respects to Daniel, he got up to greet her.

"Ms. Greer."

Holden extended his hand politely.

Jessa looked up, shook his hand briefly, and quickly withdrew it, nodding.

"Mr. Holden Wilson. I just remembered today is Daniel's hundredth-day memorial. I came to lay some flowers. I didn't mean to intrude on your family gathering. I hope you understand."

Jessa was beautiful and spoke gently.

"No, no," Holden quickly waved his hand, afraid his voice might scare her.

He was used to dealing with rough men, so speaking politely to a woman felt awkward.

Seeing this, Isabella's intuition told her something was off with Holden.

She quickly went over to help.

"Ms. Greer, you're overthinking it. We're grateful you came to pay your respects to my grandfather. How could we mind? Come in, it's windy outside."

Isabella invited her in, seating her at the dining table.

She asked Cinda to bring a new set of utensils.

With Olivia there to keep the conversation going, the three women quickly became acquainted.

Olivia thought Isabella's enthusiasm and warmth towards Jessa were because she came to pay respects to her grandfather.

But Isabella's mind was on the handshake between Holden and Jessa.

Holden had never been so flustered in front of a woman.

Could it be that Holden liked someone like Jessa?

It seemed like fate had brought them together. Just as she was worrying about Holden and Orion's marriages, Jessa showed up. It was destiny.

So, her next step was to find out how Jessa felt about Holden.

After dinner, the Wilson brothers went off to their own tasks.

Isabella took Jessa to the living room sofa, casually chatting over coffee.

"Ms. Greer, I remember you mentioned online that you're single. What do you think of my uncles?"

They had gotten to know each other during dinner.

Isabella sensed that Jessa, despite her delicate appearance, was straightforward. So, she didn't hold back.

Especially since she noticed Jessa glancing at Holden during dinner, she was even more convinced.

Hearing Isabella's direct question, Jessa blushed.

Her eyes involuntarily followed the black figure leaving outside, quickly looking away before he turned around.

She replied softly, "He's very gentlemanly and kind."

A man who would stop for a flower must have a gentle heart.

Isabella's eyes sparkled.

Great.

Jessa liked Holden too. There was hope.

She was so excited she almost shouted.

But she held back. They had only met a couple of times. They needed time to see if they were compatible.

She couldn't scare Jessa away.

"Ms. Greer, let me tell you about Holden."

Isabella wanted to pique Jessa's interest. If she was going to set Holden up, Jessa needed to know what kind of person he was.

###chapter 468 Gaining Sympathy

Even though Isabella often found Holden to be a bit of a worrywart and a chatterbox, wasn't that exactly what Jessa needed?

Holden was great at managing all sorts of tasks, and as a top-tier actress, Jessa needed someone who could provide her with thoughtful care and attention.

From every angle, they seemed like a perfect match.

If they could become a couple, they would undoubtedly be the ideal pair.

However, when Isabella mentioned Holden's name, a flicker of surprise crossed Jessa's face.

She didn't explain, though, and just listened quietly as Isabella continued.

"Jessa, you might not know this, but Holden, despite his stern appearance, is incredibly kind-hearted. Sure, he nags a bit, but he's just a softie at heart. If you act a little spoiled around him, he'll agree to anything. These past few weeks at home, whenever Atticus got busy, it was Holden who took care of me. He's so meticulous, handling everything around me."

When she was younger, Atticus doted on her the most, and he was also the strictest with her.

Whenever she wanted to sneak out for some fun, it was Holden who covered for her with her grandpa and Atticus.

Holden might be a bit of a nag, but his care for her was genuine and unconditional.

So, she believed Holden deserved someone who understood him and was right for him, only then would they both be happy.

After hearing Isabella's words, Jessa turned her gaze back from the window and smiled at Isabella.

"From what you say, Holden does seem like a wonderful person."

Olivia, sitting nearby, had understood Isabella's intentions from her first sentence.

She was trying to find a girlfriend for Holden, wasn't she?

How could Olivia not help with something like that?

"I can vouch for everything Isabella said. Holden might talk a lot, but he's a genuinely good person, especially when it comes to taking care of others. It's rare to find such a considerate and gentle man."

However, Jessa's attention had been on the dark figure in the yard outside, so she hadn't really noticed what Olivia said.

Isabella, seeing Jessa looking outside, thought she was looking at Holden.

But when she followed Jessa's gaze, Holden's car was already gone, and the only car left in the yard was Orion's. He was standing in front of it, talking on the phone.

Isabella was taken aback. "Jessa, do you know Orion?"

Her heart skipped a beat.

Could she have misunderstood?

Was Jessa interested in Orion, not Holden?

"We don't know each other," Jessa replied decisively.

"We just saw each other at Daniel's funeral. He looked familiar, but I couldn't place him, so I looked a bit longer."

Jessa's tone was calm, and her expression didn't change much. It was as if she had just seen a familiar stranger.

"I see," Isabella sighed in relief. Thank goodness. If it had been Orion, she would have really been playing matchmaker for the wrong couple.

Just as she was about to ask more, her phone rang.

It was Aaron.

Isabella knew he and Renee were in Auroria, so a call from him must be important.

She had to excuse herself to Jessa and went to her room to take the call.

"Hey, Mrs. Brown, it's me."

Aaron had been calling her that for three years, out of habit, but it still felt awkward to Isabella.

"Aaron, Michael and I are divorced. Please just call me by my name from now on," Isabella said calmly.

She had received a call from Renee two days ago, detailing the plan to escape from the Adri Family and what she needed from Atticus.

Now, she was just waiting for the right moment from Renee.

Aaron's sudden call made her wonder if the plan had changed.

But why wasn't Renee contacting her directly?

Just as Isabella was about to ask, Aaron's next words stopped her.

"Isabella, did you hear that Mr. Brown was removed from his position at the company?"

Isabella immediately understood Aaron's intention.

Renee must be safe.

Otherwise, Aaron wouldn't have the time to worry about Michael.

"I heard. And?" she replied indifferently, though thinking about what happened two days ago made her feel tumultuous inside.

If she hadn't softened and asked Atticus to find Michael, she wouldn't have been subjected to Michael's torment all night.

And she had discovered his secret that night.

Thinking about how Michael had professed his love for her while insisting on the divorce made Isabella see him as a bad man.

"But Mr. Brown is really hurt by what happened at the company. He's not in a good place emotionally," Aaron said, trying to elicit sympathy for Michael.

He called today to try to mend the relationship between Isabella and Michael.

Aaron knew Michael's feelings for Isabella better than anyone.

If he could use this opportunity to soften Isabella's heart, maybe Michael could get back together with her.

But Isabella's next words shattered Aaron's hopes.

"Why should I care if he's upset?" Isabella sneered.

He was upset? He had almost broken her back with his torment, and she hadn't even complained. Now he was the one feeling wronged?

Michael was truly unreasonable.

Aaron was momentarily speechless.

True, they were divorced. Michael's issues had nothing to do with Isabella anymore.

But Aaron knew Michael only had eyes for Isabella, and she still had feelings for him. They were just estranged due to misunderstandings.

If they could sit down and talk things out, they wouldn't have ended up divorced.

Even as an outsider, Aaron felt they shouldn't be like this.

"Isabella, why are you doing this? You still care about Michael. Why say such hurtful things?" Aaron sighed. "You don't know how much Michael has silently endured. He never talks about it, so he has no one to share his pain with."

###chapter 469 Show Sincerity

"Enough, I don't want to hear it."

Isabella cut off Aaron's rambling explanation with a frown.

She could see Michael was in trouble, but if he wasn't willing to open up, why should she keep being soft-hearted?

All she wanted was a sign of his attitude.

If he insisted on being stubborn, then fine.

She had no interest in understanding his situation any further.

"Aaron, is there anything else? If not, I'm hanging up."

Isabella was ready to end the call, but Aaron panicked on the other end, "Please, Isabella, I just want you to check on Mr. Brown. That's all."

"Is that it?" Isabella raised an eyebrow.

"Of course, it would be great if you could show some concern for Mr. Brown," Aaron added. "Even if it's not genuine, just being there would help."

"Mr. Brown just had everything taken from him by his own brother, and then he lost you. He must be feeling terrible right now."

"Is that so?"

Isabella squinted, a sly smile playing on her lips.

Her tone remained calm, "My time is valuable, Aaron. You can't expect to win me over with just a few words. Show me you're serious."

If they wanted her help, they'd have to make it worth her while.

She wasn't in the business of doing favors for free.

Especially when it came to Michael.

Aaron's plea played right into her plans.

She might as well use this to her advantage and get what she wanted.

Aaron was taken aback, "Isabella, are you saying I need to offer you something in exchange?"

He never expected that his attempt to help them reconcile would end up costing him, the middleman.

"That's right. Answer one question for me, and I'll agree to your request to visit Michael and show concern for him. How about that? If you're worried, I can even livestream it for you."

"What?"

Aaron was startled by Isabella's "generosity." "Mrs. Brown, that's not necessary. Just ask your question, and I'll answer. I'll tell you everything."

"Good."

Isabella had no intention of giving Aaron time to react.

Michael's behavior had been too strange lately.

He was ousted from the company but showed no desire to fight back. Instead, when drunk, all he talked about was her.

He hadn't mentioned the company at all.

And Atticus and Shadow's secrecy made her feel there was something she didn't know.

If Atticus and the others were deliberately hiding something from her, it wouldn't be easy to find out.

But there was someone who knew.

Aaron.

It all depended on whether Aaron was willing to reveal the truth.

As for Michael, she could visit him.

After all, he got hurt because of her, and had also gotten drunk the night before last, keeping her up all night. His injuries were probably worse now.

She couldn't help but worry about him.

"Mrs. Brown, ask away. I won't hold anything back."

It was just a small question in exchange for Isabella personally checking on Michael. That was no big deal for Aaron.

Maybe Michael would even praise Aaron for his cleverness.

Isabella narrowed her eyes and asked in a low voice, "I want to know the real reason Michael left the Brown Group!"

Aaron fell silent on the other end.

Isabella knew Aaron's nature and didn't plan to give him time to hesitate.

"Aaron, I don't want lies. Besides, no one else would know this but you. You've been his personal assistant for three years. You know his thoughts best."

Over the years, Michael had trusted Aaron a lot. If there was anything about the company, he would have Aaron handle it.

So, Aaron couldn't be unaware of the reason.

"Mrs. Brown, I..."

Aaron was startled.

He never expected Isabella to ask about the company.

He thought she would ask about Michael's feelings for her.

He had underestimated her.

But he had already spoken, and it was too late to back out.

After all, this was a company secret. If he revealed it, he could face legal consequences.

But Aaron remembered he had already sent his resignation to HR. He had no ties to the Brown Group anymore. Even if he revealed this, he wouldn't be considered a whistleblower.

"Mrs. Brown, once I tell you, don't forget your promise."

Twenty minutes later.

Aaron finally explained the schemes orchestrated by the Adri Family and Michael's silent endurance.

He also mentioned that Michael's sudden disappearance for a business trip abroad was actually for this project.

Michael had only trusted him to go, which was why he missed the critical moment when Renee was attacked.

Isabella took a deep breath after hearing this.

She understood Michael's recent odd behavior and saw through Nolan's tactics.

No wonder he had someone take those intimate photos of her and him and post them online for everyone to see.

Because he wanted more than just her.

He wanted to use this to show everyone at the Brown Group that he had her and would soon have the Wilson Family's support.

That was his real goal.

After all, Michael was the heir to the Brown Group. For Nolan to take it from him, he needed to show Aiden his capabilities and advantages.

And at this critical point, Michael had made a rookie mistake with the diamond project in Auroria.

Aiden was bound to be angry and disappointed with Michael.

Nolan's appearance at this time filled that gap, showcasing his problem-solving skills and the online buzz about his relationship with her.

Even if Aiden wasn't swayed to change heirs, the company's morale would be shaken, prompting him to consider it.

At this point, Nolan had already won.

Michael was forced out of the company, divorced her, and had no support left.

Michael was left with nothing. No chance of a comeback.

Nolan had set a grand trap.

Once he successfully resolved the mining crisis, his position as the president of the Brown Group would be secure, and no one could challenge him.

By then, even if Michael wanted to reclaim everything, he wouldn't have the chance.

"Mrs. Brown, I've told you everything. Can you go see Mr. Brown now? He really needs you right now."

Aaron deliberately made Michael sound pitiful, hoping to stir some compassion in Isabella.

He often used this trick to coax Renee, and it always worked.

So, he thought it might work on Isabella too.

"Don't worry, since I've promised, I won't go back on my word. But I have one condition."

###chapter 470 Keep a Secret

Since she already knew the truth, she was definitely going to help Michael.

It wasn't just because of everything he had done to protect her, but also because she hated being used as a pawn.

Nolan had taken advantage of her divorce from Michael, thinking she was disheartened, and brazenly tried to drag her down.

But he forgot one thing: even if she no longer loved Michael, she would never fall for anyone else.

That was a love she had cherished in her heart for over a decade, and she wouldn't let anyone exploit it.

Not even Nolan.

He thought she wouldn't take action, so she decided to surprise him.

"Aaron, you gotta keep today's call and everything I do next under wraps. Not a word to Michael, got it?"

She didn't intend for Michael to be moved by her actions.

Michael had done so much to protect her before; she was just doing what she could, and it didn't mean anything.

But if these things reached his ears, it could easily be misinterpreted.

She didn't want him to think she was trying to show any particular attitude, nor did she want him to misunderstand that she still had feelings for him.

If Michael was moved by what she did and chose to reconcile with her, that wasn't the outcome she wanted.

She wanted a relationship that was sincere and pure, without any trace of ulterior motives.

If it wasn't that, she'd rather not have it.

If Michael wanted to get back together with her, there was only one way.

He had to openly declare his love.

He had to hold her hand and announce to everyone that she was his one and only.

Only then would she give herself to him.

After hanging up the phone, Aaron sighed helplessly.

He had to admit, Isabella and Michael were remarkably similar in temperament.

Both were strong-willed and intolerant of any betrayal in their relationships.

Their love was destined to be tumultuous, but it was also the most solid.

Because they were meant for each other.

The Brown Group.

In the president's office.

A figure in a wheelchair sat quietly by the large floor-to-ceiling window, looking out at the bustling street below with a slight smile, clearly in a good mood.

Just then, there was a knock on the door, and a petite figure entered.

Placing the items in her hands on the desk, Ruby's eyes couldn't help but fall on the man in the wheelchair, filled with admiration.

She walked over slowly, her voice soft but excited, "Congrats, Mr. Brown, on reclaiming everything that belongs to you."

She remembered when she first started as an intern, Nolan was her direct supervisor.

Nolan, who was the same age as her, had single-handedly supported the entire company with his ability and determination.

He was young, capable, and charming.

At that time, there wasn't a single female employee in the company who wasn't captivated by his charisma, and she was no exception.

When she heard he had been dismissed overnight, she was shocked.

All she could think was, why did this happen to him?

So, when Nolan found her three years later, she agreed to his terms without hesitation.

She was willing to be whatever he needed her to be.

Even if there was no room for her in his heart, just being by his side made any risk seem worth taking.

The only thing that truly haunted her was knowing Nolan would never walk again-a fact that had pained her deeply for years.

She couldn't forget the spirited look he had when he became the president of the Brown Group three years ago.

She feared she would never see it again.

"Thanks for the congrats."

A deep, gentle voice sounded, and Nolan turned to face Ruby.

But instead of moving his wheelchair, he placed his hands on the armrests and, to Ruby's disbelief, stood up.

His legs, straight and strong, took firm steps forward.

Nolan casually walked around the desk and sat in the chair he had longed for over the past three years.

He picked up the documents Ruby had brought and began to read them.

It was as if he had never left.

He was still the business prodigy Nolan, the revered president of the Brown Group!

Ruby was stunned.

She stammered, "Mr. Brown, how did your legs suddenly get better?"

She almost thought she was hallucinating.

How could someone who had been paralyzed suddenly stand up and walk as if nothing had happened?

But Nolan remained calm, as if nothing unusual had occurred.

He looked up slightly, "Now that you know, keep it to yourself. I don't plan on letting others know this secret."

He would be spending a lot of time at the company, and pretending to be disabled in a wheelchair would be too uncomfortable.

Ruby was his person.

Telling her was fine, and it would allow him to relax a bit in the office.

But to Ruby, his words had a different meaning.

So, this was a secret between her and Nolan.

Her face flushed instantly.

She nodded quickly, "I understand, Mr. Brown. You can trust me."

"Good."

Nolan sat in the leather chair, listening to Ruby's work report. After a while, he got up and returned to the wheelchair by the window.

He couldn't reveal this to the public yet, so he still had to maintain the appearance of a disabled person in front of others.

Ruby stepped forward to help him place the blanket back over his legs, gently adjusting it.

It was as if everything that had just happened was a dream.

And this dream was a special memory between her and Nolan.

Ruby bit her red lips, not daring to linger too long, and left the room.

As soon as she opened the door, she bumped into a new female colleague from the secretary department.

"So it was Ruby inside. But why were you in Mr. Brown's office for so long? Ruby, you must have known the new president for a while."

The colleague gave Ruby a suggestive look.

She had come to the office ten minutes earlier, but the door was locked from the inside, and Ruby had been in there for over half an hour.

What kind of work required such a long one-on-one meeting?

Although the new president couldn't use his legs, his face was irresistible to any woman.

Who knew what they were doing in there for so long?

Could it be what she was thinking, a man and a woman alone in the office, doing something intimate? They were really bold.

Ruby couldn't stand the colleague's suspicious look and said coldly.

"Keep your dirty thoughts to yourself. Mr. Brown hates employees gossiping behind his back. I was just reporting the past month's work. Are you here for business or not?"

###chapter 471 Provocation at the Door

Ruby wasn't worried about any rumors that might spread about her and Nolan. What she was really concerned about was Nolan's secret being discovered. That was a secret just between the two of them.

Her colleague, however, quickly retorted, "Of course, I'm here for business. But there's something weird going on, and I'm debating whether to tell the CEO."

Ruby frowned, "What's up?"

The colleague pointed outside, "There's a guest in the reception room, asking to see the CEO alone."

Ruby was taken aback, instinctively assuming the person was a client here to discuss a partnership.

"Did they make an appointment?"

"No, they didn't."

"Then why are they here? The CEO's time isn't something they can just demand, especially for a private meeting. Who do they think they are? Tell them to get their documents in order and come back another day. The CEO is busy right now."

Ruby was protective of Nolan. If it had been before, she might have let it slide. But now that Nolan was back as the CEO of the Brown Group, his status was different. If he met with just anyone, it would undermine his authority.

"No, no, this person can't be turned away."

The colleague was startled and, seeing no one around, moved closer to Ruby.

"I'll tell you, the person is our former boss, Michael. If you want to turn him away, go ahead. I don't dare!"

That was Michael. Who would dare to cross him?

"How could it be him?"

Ruby furrowed her brow and instinctively glanced at the office door. Others might not know what had happened between Michael and Nolan, but she knew very well. Now that he had suddenly come to the company, no one could guess what he wanted.

After all, everyone had seen Michael's hard work in the company over the years. If he teamed up with insiders to fight Nolan to the end, no one could guarantee who would win in the end. No matter what Michael was here for, it wasn't good news for Nolan.

Ruby was thinking about how to quietly get Michael to leave without alerting Nolan inside. Little did she know, their conversation had already reached Nolan's ears word for word.

Nolan had anticipated everything about Michael. He'd blocked every possible exit strategy before Michael even knew what was happening. He had already won over the three major shareholders of the Brown Group early in the game. Those he couldn't buy, he found ways to suppress. This was why he had received unanimous approval at the board meeting. Aiden's vocal support and the rumors about him and Isabella were all factors that helped him secure his position in the Brown Group.

So, Michael's arrival didn't surprise him at all. On the contrary, he understood Michael's feelings very well. When he had lost everything overnight, he had reacted the same way. He had desperately wanted to reclaim what was originally his, but his grandfather had blocked his every move. He'd been forced to run like a dog with its tail between its legs.

Now that Michael had come to the company, Nolan was eager to see what his once-pampered younger brother would look like after falling from grace.

"Let him come to me. After all, he was the former CEO of the Brown Group and my brother. How can you treat him so poorly? And bring him his favorite Italian coffee."

Nolan graciously invited Michael into the office.

Ruby was momentarily stunned but quickly understood Nolan's intention.

She responded through the door, "Yes, Mr. Brown."

Michael had been sitting in the reception room for ten minutes when he was informed to go to what used to be his office to see Nolan.

He was speechless.

Nolan had only been in the company for a short time, but this office had been Michael's for three years, decorated to his liking.

Now Michael had to get someone else's permission to enter his own office? The thought alone irritated him.

As soon as the door opened, Michael glanced at Nolan, who was looking out the window from his wheelchair, and without hesitation, he strode over to the office chair he had used for three years. He sat down naturally, crossing his long legs.

Nolan had a wheelchair, so he couldn't use the genuine leather chair imported from Germany.

"How can you..."

Ruby had just followed him in and saw Michael acting like he owned the place, sitting in the office chair without any sense of being a guest.

"Ruby, there's nothing here for you. You can leave."

Nolan interrupted Ruby, giving her a look that told her to leave.

Ruby didn't dare disobey. She put down the coffee she was holding and left.

Nolan watched Michael, not getting angry but instead wheeling himself over and stopping in front of him. His tone was gentle, with a hint of concern, "Michael, I heard you haven't been home or to your place these past few days. You haven't been hiding out somewhere because you're upset, have you?"

If Michael hadn't seen Nolan's true colors, he might have been fooled by him. Now, hearing this, Michael only felt it was extremely ironic.

"Why would I hide? I'm no longer the CEO of the Brown Group. I can go wherever I want and do whatever I want. I'm very free, with no pressure at all. Unlike you, who, even after getting everything, is still so tense, keeping tabs on my every move. What, are you afraid I'll retaliate or destroy everything you have?"

Michael's tone was calm but carried a hint of provocation.

Nolan clearly hated him to the core but still pretended not to care. Michael wanted to see how long Nolan could keep up the act.

Clearly, he underestimated Nolan's patience.

"Michael, what are you saying? I'm your brother. How could you think that? I'm just worried you might not be able to handle it. But seeing you in good spirits now, I can rest easy."

Nolan's expression was calm, but inside, he was extremely irritated.

Aiden had a lot of resentment about Nolan forcibly becoming the CEO of the Brown Group. So, after Nolan successfully ousted Michael, Aiden ordered all of Michael's responsibilities to be handed over to Nolan.

Aiden's outward intention was to help Nolan establish authority and quickly gain a foothold in the company. In reality, he wanted to see how Nolan would handle the mess Michael had left behind.

The project in Auroria, although Nolan had framed Michael, the contract details were real. The local government wasn't going to let the matter slide easily. Even though Nolan had offered double the benefits, the local government was still greedy for more. He had yet to reach an agreement with the local government.

This issue had been giving him a headache.

###chapter 472 Attracting Attention

Nolan's voice oozed with fake concern, and Michael couldn't help but chuckle coldly.

"So, should I be thanking you for your concern?"

Nolan's face stayed blank as he sipped his coffee. "You're my brother. Isn't it natural for me to worry about your safety?"

Michael had no patience for Nolan's hypocritical words. "Cut the crap. You've done what you came to do. Don't you find it disgusting to keep up this act? But don't worry, I'm not here to settle scores today. I'm just here to grab some of my personal stuff."

Michael smirked. If Nolan was so eager to be the CEO of the Brown Group, he could have it. Michael had bigger fish to fry. He was actually relieved to have someone else handle the company's affairs.

Nolan could see that Michael didn't want to stick around. He felt the same way about his brother. With a wave, he said, "Go ahead and pack your things."

As Michael reached the door to the break room, he heard Nolan's voice behind him. "By the way, this office is getting renovated soon. Make sure you take everything with you, or I won't be responsible for anything that gets lost."

Michael snorted. Nolan couldn't wait even a minute. The seat wasn't even warm yet, and he was already planning renovations. And he claimed he had no ambition?

Michael raised an eyebrow and replied, "Don't worry, I'll take everything that's mine."

He entered the break room and began packing his things into several large boxes. Since Isabella had returned to the Wilson Family, Michael had practically lived at the office, so there was a lot to pack.

Once he was done, he placed the boxes in front of Nolan and dusted off his hands. "Everything's here. You know where I live. Make sure it gets sent to my place."

With that, he walked out, not intending to carry the boxes himself. For one, his current situation was sensitive. If Nolan accused him of taking confidential information, their grandfather would drag him back for a lecture. Secondly, he wanted to annoy Nolan.

Nolan always tried to block his every move. If Nolan liked digging into his business, Michael would give him plenty to dig through. Six large boxes-anyone would think he was moving.

Nolan's expression finally cracked. Michael had come just to provoke him.

When Ruby entered and saw the boxes, she was momentarily stunned. "Mr. Brown, what should we do with these?"

Nolan gritted his teeth, swallowing his anger. "Send them to Michael's place."

Michael had anticipated that Nolan wouldn't let him take anything from the office easily, so he left the boxes in plain sight. If Nolan went through them, the headlines would be about how the CEO couldn't trust his own brother.

But Michael had packed the boxes right under Nolan's nose. If there was anything confidential, he wouldn't have left it so openly. Nolan couldn't guess that Michael's real purpose was to distract him. What Michael truly wanted to take was already on him. The boxes were just a decoy.

Meanwhile, in Auroria, Aaron and Renee's plan was in motion. Aaron had arranged a private jet ready to fly back home. He thought Renee's request was for their escape route. But on the day, Renee had someone quickly board the plane-a frail person with an oxygen mask. Aaron didn't even get a good look at them.

He didn't have time to wonder who it was. He needed to get Renee out, but the Adri Family had discovered their plan. Renee, a researcher for the organization, had returned after a series of events, and no one suspected her. But she used their trust to move her family and then planned to escape.

The Adri Family hated betrayal and issued a kill order for Renee. Aaron, as her boyfriend, couldn't stand by.

A gunshot rang out. Aaron's first instinct was to push Renee to safety and dodge. He was grazed by the bullet, blood trickling down his forehead. He realized the Adri Family was serious about eliminating them.

"Are you okay?" Renee rushed to him, checking his wound.

"I'm fine, just a scratch." Aaron reassured her, "Renee, am I also a target?"

Renee nodded solemnly. "Yes, the Adri Family doesn't spare traitors. Even if you're not one of them, if you obstruct their plans, you're eliminated. And with Michael out of power, they won't hesitate."

Aaron took a deep breath, sensing something was off. How did the Adri Family get such precise information? It was as if someone high up in the Brown Group was in constant contact with them. Only Nolan could have known about his resignation, yet Aaron hadn't been notified.

In that moment, Aaron realized the truth. The mole in the Brown Group was Nolan himself. He had to inform Michael.

###chapter 473 Aaron Got Shot

Before Aaron could say anything, Renee spotted a shadowy figure closing in fast.

Her face went pale. Without a second thought, she grabbed Aaron and started running.

"Quick, we gotta get outta here. It's not safe anymore. We need to leave now. Isabella set up a boat for us to escape. If we make it to the dock in time, we can get away from these assassins."

She pointed toward the nearby dock, pulling Aaron along at top speed.

Renee had planned everything down to the last detail, but the organization had caught wind of their escape and sent assassins at the last moment.

Just as they were about to reach the dock, a gun was suddenly aimed at Renee's back.

The gunshot rang out, and Aaron didn't have time to think. He threw himself over Renee, shielding her as they hit the ground.

A pained grunt escaped from above her head.

Renee looked up in shock to see Aaron's chest soaked in blood. The color drained from her face.

"Aaron!"

Renee's hands shook uncontrollably.

She instinctively pressed her hands against Aaron's wound, but no matter what she did, blood kept seeping through her fingers.

She couldn't lose Aaron.

Seeing him take a bullet for her, watching him bleed out right in front of her-it would break her completely.

"Renee."

He gripped her hand, his voice hoarse as he tried to calm her down.

"I'm fine, just go."

When Aaron saw the shadowy figure aiming at Renee, he didn't think twice. He knew he couldn't let anything happen to her.

In that moment, he remembered the despair she felt when she was being hunted by these people.

Back then, she had no friends or support in the country.

The only person she could trust and rely on was him.

But when she called him, hoping for salvation, there was no answer.

How much pain and despair must she have felt to give up hope, watching the assassins close in on her, powerless to stop them?

If it were him, he couldn't even bear to imagine it.

It was only now that he understood why Renee had broken up with him after Isabella saved her.

If he had entrusted his life to someone, only for them to disappear when he needed them most, he would be filled with resentment too.

Thankfully, Renee had given him another chance to be by her side, and they had the relationship they did now. Otherwise, he might have lost her forever.

His thoughts were interrupted by the pain in his body as Renee helped him to his feet, supporting him as they moved forward.

"Aaron, hang in there. The dock is just ahead. Our boat is waiting. Once we're on it, we'll be safe."

"Renee, I..."

With every step, Aaron felt like his body was being torn apart. The assassins were close behind, and if they realized they had no backup, they would charge at them.

He couldn't go on and risk dragging Renee down with him.

Blood dripped steadily onto the ground, and Aaron's face had turned as pale as a ghost.

He shook his head at Renee, urging her to go.

"Renee, leave me. Get to the boat."

"No way!"

Renee understood his intentions, but she wasn't about to leave him behind.

She clung to Aaron with one hand, desperately trying to stop the bleeding with the other. "Aaron, stop talking. We're leaving together. I'm not abandoning you."

Tears streamed down her face uncontrollably. If she had known Aaron would face this danger by coming with her, she would have insisted he stay behind.

Better that than him losing his life by her side.

"No, Renee, you have to listen to me this time."

Seeing the assassins closing in, Aaron found a burst of strength and pushed her away.

"Go! They're after you. If you stay, neither of us will make it. Please, listen!"

"Aaron, I don't want to go. I want you to be okay."

Renee's vision blurred with tears as she shook her head frantically. "Come with me. We'll leave together."

She tried to reach for Aaron again, but he pushed her away.

The bullet had lodged in his chest, and Aaron knew he couldn't hold on much longer. He had to ensure Renee's safety.

If she tried to take him with her, they would both die.

In his final moments, Aaron wanted to speak his heart. "Renee, I failed to protect you last time. This time, I can finally make it right. You mean everything to me, and I'd do anything for you. If you don't leave now, what was this all for?"

Aaron was desperate.

He pushed Renee away with all his remaining strength. "Go! Don't let my sacrifice be for nothing. Just promise me you'll live a good life."

Renee bit her lip, as if making a final decision.

She wouldn't leave.

Even if it meant dying, she wanted to be with Aaron.

The next second, a cold gun barrel was pressed against Renee's head.

Renee looked up to see the assassin who had been chasing them, his face obscured except for his eyes.

Seeing they had both stayed, the man sneered.

"If you love being a doomed couple so much, I'll grant your wish. Neither of you will escape today."

He tightened his finger on the trigger.

Renee felt a strange calm. If this was her fate, she accepted it.

In their final moments, Aaron and Renee held each other tightly, awaiting death.

"Bang!"

The gunshot was deafening, and Renee's heart nearly stopped.

But then she realized she was still alive.

The assassin had been right in front of her; he couldn't have missed.

She turned in Aaron's arms and saw where the shot had come from.

A short distance away, the assassin lay dead on the ground.

Someone had saved them.

But who?

Renee quickly scanned the area, following the direction of the shot.

She soon spotted the shooter.

On a nearby rooftop, a man in a black trench coat stood with a sniper rifle.

There was no doubt he had fired the shot.

And his silhouette seemed oddly familiar.

###chapter 474 Who Is the Person Saving Her?

Before Renee could figure out who the person was, they vanished right before her eyes.

At that moment, Aaron collapsed from exhaustion.

Luckily, Isabella had sent a boat with a doctor on board. When they saw Renee hadn't come aboard, they went to find her.

"Quick, he's been shot! Help him, please!" Renee shouted.

She helped lift Aaron with the doctor and got him onto the boat.

Right now, she couldn't think about anything else. All she wanted was for Aaron to be safe.

She couldn't lose him.

On the yacht, Aaron was immediately taken in for emergency surgery.

The team Isabella had sent was meant for emergencies, and they ended up saving Aaron's life at a critical moment.

After the bullet was removed, Aaron fell into a coma.

The medical equipment on the boat was limited, and they were short on medication. They could only stabilize Aaron's condition until they returned home for a full hospital check-up.

Watching Aaron lying in bed with an IV, Renee finally felt a bit of relief.

Thank goodness they made it out.

Otherwise, she would never forgive herself.

But then, Renee remembered the familiar figure on the rooftop. She had definitely seen that person before.

She had no friends here, only colleagues from the organization.

If that person was from the organization, why did they save her?

What was the reason?

She couldn't figure it out.

She couldn't even precisely identify who that person was.

Renee furrowed her brow, unable to make sense of it.

What she didn't know was that as the yacht left the dock, the man who had disappeared from the rooftop was now standing at the port, watching the boat sail away.

Until it became a dot.

The man pulled off his mask, touched the gun he held, and muttered to himself.

"She's gone. She might never come back. From now on, it's just you and me. She has good taste in men. That guy was willing to take a bullet for her. He must love her a lot. After all these years, she finally found her happiness. Do you think I owe her a blessing?"

Three hours into the voyage, Aaron regained consciousness, but only for a moment before falling back asleep.

Renee knew he was worried about her, so she stayed by his side without leaving.

She kept whispering in his ear, telling him she was safe.

But she didn't tell Aaron that when she saw him take a bullet for her, she was filled with fear and panic. Her first thought was that she didn't want him to do that.

She didn't want him to die for her.

She couldn't even bear to think about that moment.

Just the thought of Aaron possibly leaving her made her heart ache so much she could hardly breathe.

Holding his hand tightly, Renee was just grateful that Aaron was still with her.

It was so good to have him by her side.

After this incident, any resentment or anger she had towards Aaron vanished.

She didn't hate him. She was just concerned about his attitude towards her.

She thought he didn't want to deal with her, using work as an excuse to avoid her calls.

After all, having a girlfriend constantly being hunted was terrifying for anyone.

Even if they forced themselves to stay together, they would eventually part ways.

But now, none of her fears had come true.

When the bullet came, Aaron protected her without a second thought. He was willing to risk his life to keep her safe.

If that didn't prove his love, what would?

She wouldn't doubt him anymore.

In this lifetime, Renee was sure about him.

Just then, Renee's phone rang.

"Renee, your mom's place is all set. No one will know she's there. You can rest easy," the voice on the other end said.

"Thank you. I really appreciate it," Renee replied, gripping her phone and closing her eyes.

She had come back because she couldn't leave her mom alone. But she hadn't expected the Adri Family to actually control her mom, locking her up in a secluded place.

Her mom had fallen ill from missing her, and by the time Renee returned, her mom was already sick and frail.

Determined to take her mom away, Renee had to pretend to willingly return to the Adri Family.

She followed all their orders, waiting for them to lower their guard before executing her plan.

Now her mom was safe, but Aaron lay unconscious.

Both of them were the people she loved most, and seeing either of them hurt broke her heart.

If she could, she would rather be the one injured.

She reached out to touch Aaron's face, gazing at every inch of his skin.

When she decided to return to Auroria, she had planned to break up with Aaron.

That night of passion was her last indulgence.

But she never expected that after being rejected and humiliated, Aaron would rush to the airport to come back with her.

She couldn't deny she was moved.

But now, her concern and love for him were real.

That night, Aaron's body suddenly became burning hot, and his temperature spiked to 104 degrees.

Renee, sitting by his side, felt his heat and quickly called for the doctor.

The doctor examined him, gave him a shot to reduce the fever, and finally breathed a sigh of relief.

"Nothing serious. His injuries are severe, and the fever is just a post-surgery complication. It should go down soon."

"Will he be okay?" Renee asked, her heart pounding with anxiety.

The doctor glanced at the time. "If he wakes up within twelve hours, he'll be out of danger. If he doesn't wake up by then, we'll have to use other medications to stimulate him, but it's best to avoid those if possible."

With that, the doctor left.

Renee, a biology expert herself, understood the implications of the doctor's words better than anyone.

Those medications had severe side effects, but when it came to life and death, they seemed insignificant.

But she didn't want Aaron to need those drugs. She believed he could pull through.

Renee stayed awake all night, checking Aaron's temperature every hour.

Thankfully, his fever didn't return, but he remained unconscious.

No matter how much she called out to him, he didn't respond.

The next day, sunlight filtered through the windows of the yacht's cabin.

Renee, exhausted, fell asleep holding Aaron's hand.

In her dream, she saw Aaron getting shot. Suddenly, her hand was gripped tightly and pulled forward.

A familiar, hoarse voice broke the silence. "Renee! Renee, you have to go!"

###chapter 475 Is It Him?

Renee jolted awake.

She glanced over at Aaron, who was thrashing around in his sleep, his hands flailing as if trying to fend off something. Renee knew he was having a nightmare, just like she had been.

She quickly grabbed his hand and leaned in close to his ear.

"Aaron, wake up. We're safe now. We're on the boat."

"Safe... on the boat..." Aaron mumbled, repeating the words unconsciously.

Renee gently shook him. "Aaron, wake up. Open your eyes and you'll see me. Please, wake up."

Aaron furrowed his brow and struggled to open his eyes. When he finally did, he saw Renee's worried face staring back at him.

"Renee, are you okay?" Aaron's voice was hoarse, but he didn't care. He just wanted to know if Renee was alright.

Renee's hands were tightly clasped in his, and she felt a mix of relief and sorrow. Tears streamed down her face as she shook her head.

"Look, I'm fine. I'm standing right here in front of you. We're on our way back home. No one is chasing us anymore."

Aaron propped himself up and looked around, realizing they were indeed on a boat. He finally relaxed.

"It's true. We're safe."

He let out a sigh of relief and then remembered what had happened before he lost consciousness.

"Renee, I remember someone helped us. They shot the person who was trying to kill us. Who was that?"

This was a foreign country, and someone had stepped in to save them. He owed that person a debt of gratitude.

Renee shook her head, looking puzzled.

"I don't know who it was. They disappeared right after firing the shot. You were unconscious, and I was in a hurry to get you on the boat. I don't know what happened after that."

But as she spoke, a familiar face flashed in Renee's mind.

Could it be him?

She remembered when she was first chosen by the Adri Family, there was a young man who joined the organization at the same time.

She was selected for research and development, while he was sent to the assassination unit.

Their only interaction was during an unexpected mission.

She had knocked a poisoned drink out of his hand, spilling it on the ground. He had thanked her and told her his codename.

That was it.

Assassins in the organization always wore masks on missions, so she didn't even know what he looked like.

She only knew his name was Ian.

Wait, there was one more time.

At Daniel's funeral.

Isabella had been framed by Bianca, and when Renee arrived at the scene, she saw a young waiter cleaning up.

He had seemed oddly familiar, but she couldn't place him.

Now she realized that person might have been Ian.

Bianca, favored by the boss, used Ian as a tool, ordering him around as she pleased.

No wonder he knew so much about the poisons.

Because he was the person she knew.

Renee's brow furrowed deeply. If she had realized sooner that Ian was the one, maybe Isabella wouldn't have lost her child.

This was Renee's fault.

But despite being back in Auroria for so long, Renee hadn't been able to find any trace of Ian.

She wanted to tell him to stop hurting Isabella, but he seemed to have vanished. No matter where she looked, he was nowhere to be found.

Then yesterday, in that life-or-death moment, Ian suddenly appeared out of nowhere.

He saved her and then disappeared.

Seeing Renee lost in her thoughts, Aaron assumed she was feeling guilty for not finding their savior.

He squeezed her hand and patted it gently. "Hey, it's okay. Once we're back home, we can ask around. We'll find a way to repay this debt."

Renee didn't know how to tell Aaron about Ian. Considering his injuries, she didn't want to stress him out further, so she just nodded.

"Okay."

Aaron's injuries had stabilized, and he just needed rest to recover.

For the next two days, Renee stayed by his side.

She had to hold him to fall asleep, and their bond grew even stronger after this life-and-death experience.

Neither of them wanted to be apart again.

After the two-day journey, Renee and Aaron finally returned home.

As soon as they got off the boat, they were greeted by Isabella.

Aaron needed a thorough check-up at the hospital, so Isabella had bodyguards take him to a private hospital affiliated with the Wilson Family.

After all, he had a gunshot wound, and they needed to be cautious.

Renee got into Isabella's car and headed back to the Wilson Estate.

Olivia had been so excited to hear Renee was back that she had been waiting at the door since early morning.

When she saw Renee get out of the car, she rushed over and hugged her tightly. "Renee, you're finally back! I was so scared when I heard you were hurt. Thank goodness you're okay. And Aaron's got some real guts, taking a bullet for you. Just for that, he deserves to be your boyfriend."

Renee was nearly suffocated by Olivia's bear hug, but being back at the Wilson Estate, she finally felt a weight lift off her shoulders. Listening to Olivia's concerned words, all the fear and frustration from her time abroad found an outlet.

God knew how close she had come to dying in Auroria.

"Isabella, Olivia, I'm back."

Renee cried as she looked at them.

Isabella smiled and patted her shoulder. "That's right, you're back safe and sound."

"Renee, welcome home."

She said "home," not just "back."

From the day Renee moved in, Isabella had told her she could consider this place her home.

Renee was deeply moved and cried even harder.

"Isabella, you're too good to me."

Olivia's eyes reddened too, and she nudged Renee with her elbow. "Come on, it's a happy occasion. Stop crying, or you'll make me cry too."

Before she could finish, they were both crying and hugging each other.

Isabella watched them, feeling a bit helpless.

But she didn't stop them or say anything.

Renee had been through so much, and Aaron had been seriously injured because of her. The pressure on her must have been immense.

It was good for her to have a chance to let it all out.

After a good cry, Renee felt much better, and the three of them went inside.

Cinda had already prepared a meal, and Renee ate while recounting the dangers they had faced over the past few days.

She didn't mention Ian.

It wasn't that she didn't want to; she just didn't know how to face Isabella.

Even though she hadn't recognized him at the time, she still felt largely responsible for what happened to Isabella's child.

After all, the poisons had come from her.

But she was incredibly grateful to have met Isabella, her savior, and Olivia, her friend.

For the first time, it seemed like her life might have some hope and light in it-just like anyone else's.

###chapter 476 The Mole is Nolan

Aaron's test results came back quickly.

Even though the bullet had hit his chest, it luckily missed his heart. The bleeding was from a ruptured blood vessel.

He just needed to rest and let his body heal over time.

The main thing was that he had to avoid any physical activity.

But that was exactly what was giving Aaron a headache.

Given the current situation, how could he possibly rest? Michael had been framed and lost everything, and Aaron was out of a job too.

This was the perfect opportunity for him to help Michael make a comeback.

He considered himself career-focused; how could he lie in a hospital bed at such a critical moment?

Michael had been busting his ass since taking over the company, determined to take it to the next level. Now Nolan was taking all the credit. It wasn't just a slap in the face to Michael-even Aaron, his assistant, thought it was total BS.

But Aaron's condition was really bad.

Even if he wanted to leave the hospital, Renee wouldn't allow it. She was keeping a close eye on him.

They had barely escaped with their lives from abroad; he couldn't bear to upset his wife again.

After much thought, he realized the responsibility of helping Michael had to fall to someone else.

He didn't trust outsiders.

Only Isabella could handle it.

With that in mind, he decided it was the best plan for now.

A short while later, Isabella, Renee, and Olivia came to visit Aaron in the hospital.

Renee immediately sat by Aaron's side, grabbing his hand and immediately asking about his injuries.

Isabella and Olivia stood behind, unable to get a word in, just watching them like a couple in the throes of young love.

Once they got affectionate, they completely ignored everyone else.

After a while, Olivia couldn't help but nudge Isabella and ask, "I'm starting to feel like we're just third wheels here."

Isabella bit back a smile, trying not to laugh out loud.

Third wheels or not, they couldn't exactly just turn around and walk out, could they?

After all, they'd come to visit a patient, and his comfort was the priority.

Aaron noticed and awkwardly patted Renee's hand, took the fruit she had brought, and nodded at Isabella and Olivia.

"Mrs. Brown, Ms. Smith, I'm fine now. Sorry to trouble you both."

Olivia clicked her tongue, "Don't be modest. Renee told us all about your heroics. You have no idea how scared she was when you got shot. She was terrified you weren't going to make it."

Renee's face turned red.

"Olivia, I never said that. Don't put words in my mouth."

Olivia wouldn't back down, "You didn't have to say it-it was written all over your face. I'm not making anything up."

"You..."

Renee didn't want to show too much temper in front of Aaron, so she just glared at Olivia.

But her glare lacked any real menace, only showing her embarrassment.

Isabella shook her head. Olivia and Renee always seemed to clash.

They argued when they met but missed each other when apart.

"Alright, Aaron needs to rest. We just came to check on you. Now that we've seen you're okay, we won't disturb you any longer."

Isabella was about to pull Olivia away when Aaron called out from the bed.

"Wait, Mrs. Brown."

"Is there something else?"

Isabella turned back.

Aaron thought of his plan and pressed his pale lips together.

"Mrs. Brown, does the agreement we discussed last time still stand?"

He would tell her the truth, and she would check on Michael and help him regain his confidence.

"Of course, it stands. I keep my word."

Isabella hadn't forgotten their phone conversation.

Since she had learned the truth from Aaron, it was time to fulfill her promise.

But there was one thing she didn't know how to tell Aaron, fearing it might upset him and hinder his recovery.

Michael was no longer the CEO of the Brown Group. Nolan couldn't target him at this point.

"But you just had surgery. It's better to wait until you're better to discuss this. As for Michael, you don't need to worry. He's been enjoying himself more than anyone."

Because of the last incident, Isabella was afraid Michael would lock himself away and drink.

So she had someone secretly watching over him.

This also meant she knew his schedule. She thought he would try to return to the company and reclaim his rights.

But to her surprise, Michael had been doing nothing but partying since Nolan kicked him out.

He was living it up, carefree.

She shouldn't have believed Aaron's talk about Michael being depressed and unable to move on.

It seemed like she was the one struggling, while Michael wasn't affected at all.

She had almost lost sleep worrying about him.

Thinking about it, her concern seemed unnecessary.

"Mr. Brown must be waiting for the right moment. From the start, he knew what to do. He withdrew from the company, watched the situation, and waited for the enemies and traitors to turn on each other before making his move. If I hadn't been in this accident, I would be with Mr. Brown now, helping him reclaim his position."

Isabella was stunned.

If she didn't know Michael, she would have thought Aaron was talking about someone else.

No wonder Michael treated Aaron like a brother; Aaron admired him deeply.

"Mrs. Brown, I came back with something very important to tell you and Mr. Brown. It's about the real reason behind the Brown Group's recent troubles."

Isabella frowned, "Go on."

Aaron glanced at the people in the room.

One was his wife, one was his boss's ex-wife, and one was Isabella's good friend.

He trusted all three.

So he had no reason to hide this secret from them.

"Mrs. Brown, I suspect there's a mole from the Adri Family inside the Brown Group, and I believe that person is Nolan."

###chapter 477 What Would You Do

Isabella instinctively furrowed her brow but stayed quiet.

It was clear she was starting to suspect Nolan.

Olivia, on the other hand, was stunned when she heard Nolan's name.

"What?" she blurted out, thinking she must have misheard. "Did you just say Nolan? But isn't he Michael's brother? How could he be the company's mole? Plus, he's part of the Brown family. He has a stake in the family business. Why would he sabotage it? Aaron, are you sure you haven't made a mistake?"

In the past, Isabella would have trusted Nolan without a second thought, just like Olivia still did.

She had once seen him as a brother.

But now, she had to rethink everything she thought she knew about him.

She had to accept that the kind and considerate Nolan she once knew was gone.

His heart had been consumed by hatred, and he was determined to take back the Brown Group. Having found a weakness in Michael's defenses, he would stop at nothing to get what he wanted.

The company's fate didn't matter to him.

Or rather, the company's losses were insignificant compared to his desire to reclaim the Brown Group.

Nolan was cunning and capable. With his skills, he could easily restore the company to its former glory, no matter how much it had lost.

Aaron didn't argue with Olivia. Instead, he laid out his perspective.

"Before the Auroria project incident, Mr. Brown contacted me. He said he hadn't signed or stamped the documents sent by Auroria, yet a signed contract was sent out, bearing his signature. This means that the person not only had access to the CEO's office but could also forge Mr. Brown's signature convincingly."

These points alone might not have pointed directly to Nolan.

What raised Aaron's suspicion was Nolan's resignation letter.

"The day after Mr. Brown left the company, I submitted my resignation to the HR department. As the CEO's special assistant, only Nolan could sign off on it. Yet, the Adri family knew the outcome before I did. Doesn't that strike you as odd?"

Isabella glanced at Renee, who was sitting by the bed. Seeing no reaction from her, Isabella knew Aaron was telling the truth.

No wonder Aaron had been so severely injured. The Adri family, having learned he was no longer with the Brown family and thus of no use to them, had ruthlessly pursued him and Renee.

The Adri family truly had no regard for anyone.

The more Olivia listened, the more incredulous she became, though she sensed something was off.

"Aaron, while your reasoning is sound, aren't you forgetting one crucial point?"

"Nolan is disabled. His legs don't work. He needs someone to push his wheelchair wherever he goes. If he were the mole, how could he have taken the documents without anyone noticing?"

Aaron fell silent.

He realized Olivia had a point.

Nolan couldn't walk. If he entered the company, someone would have noticed.

Unless he had help from within the company.

The deeper Aaron thought, the more shocked he became.

At that moment, Isabella spoke up, clearing their confusion.

"There's something you might not know. Nolan can actually stand on his own now. He told me he needed more time to fully recover, but I believe he's been able to walk normally for a while. He's just been hiding it from us."

Only today did Isabella truly see through Nolan's deceit.

His cunning was terrifying.

Aaron, struck by a sudden realization, blurted out, "Could it be that his disability was faked all along? Maybe his legs were never injured."

The wheelchair had been the perfect cover for Nolan.

Whatever he wanted to do, he could use his supposed disability to deflect suspicion.

Nolan was a living nightmare.

As the situation became clearer, Isabella had an epiphany.

No wonder Nolan never responded when she looked at his legs. She had always thought his change in demeanor was due to an accident or trauma, prompting his sudden return to the country.

But if even his disability was a lie, what else had he lied about?

For years, she had considered Nolan her best friend, even a brother.

It had all been one-sided.

Everything had been part of his plan. The Brown family, herself, even Michael's major mistakes were all under Nolan's control.

He had spent three years abroad, biding his time for revenge.

"But these are just our suspicions. We have no evidence. Even if we spoke out, who would believe us?" Olivia sighed.

Though she hadn't interacted much with Nolan, she had heard about him from Isabella.

Nolan was shrewd and resourceful. Without concrete evidence, he would never admit to anything.

Aaron turned to Isabella, taking a deep breath before asking seriously, "Isabella, if you had evidence against Nolan, what would you do?"

Would she help Michael or choose Nolan?

For others, this might be an easy question, but for Isabella, it was a difficult choice.

Hearing this, Olivia also looked at Isabella, curious about her decision.

Nolan and Isabella had known each other for many years. Their relationship was deeper than outsiders could imagine.

She wanted to know what Isabella would choose.

Renee, disliking how Aaron was "pressuring" Isabella, spoke up in her defense.

"Aaron, what do you mean by that? If Isabella had evidence, she would definitely side with you and Michael."

After all, Isabella loved Michael.

What was there to question?

But Aaron gently squeezed Renee's hand, signaling her to stop.

Isabella was momentarily speechless.

She and Nolan had known each other for over a decade. Their relationship was more than just friendship; it was like family.

She had always treated him like a brother.

Everyone in the Brown family knew about their close relationship. She had never hidden it.

Aaron's concern was understandable.

If she hadn't known Nolan's true nature, she wouldn't have been able to choose.

But now, she saw through Nolan's facade.

She would no longer protect him.

###chapter 478 Review the Footage

Isabella had already made up her mind.

She sighed, "Don't worry. If that day ever comes, we'll deal with it the right way. I won't protect anyone who's guilty."

She knew Nolan well.

Once he set his mind on something, he wouldn't turn back.

Even if it was a mistake, even if there was an abyss ahead, he would walk into it without hesitation.

So, she didn't try to persuade anyone.

When she couldn't make a choice, she would leave it to the law and justice.

Hearing this, Aaron finally felt a sense of relief.

Isabella, like Michael, was someone who meant what she said and would never go back on her word.

Once they made up their minds, they wouldn't soften their stance.

Aaron was stuck in the hospital and couldn't go anywhere, so some things had to be entrusted to someone he trusted completely.

When it came to Michael's future and career, Isabella was the best choice.

"Before you came, I contacted the security office at the Brown Group. They don't know I've submitted my resignation yet and have agreed to copy the surveillance footage from the CEO's office for this month. Now we need someone to go pick it up."

Given the company's confidentiality and the fact that it was the CEO's office surveillance, the security team wouldn't hand it over to just anyone.

But Aaron was seriously injured and couldn't go himself.

Among the few people they could trust at the Brown Group, Isabella was the most suitable.

First, Isabella was well-known online; everyone recognized her.

Second, even though she was divorced, she was still Michael's ex-wife, so they had a close relationship.

Understanding Aaron's intention and not wanting any further complications, Isabella agreed immediately.

"Alright, I'll go."

"Great."

Aaron's eyes lit up with joy. He knew Isabella still cared about Michael.

To avoid the footage being intercepted, Isabella left the hospital and headed straight to the Brown Group.

Thanks to Aaron's thorough planning, she received a pre-copied USB drive from the security office as soon as she arrived.

Since it was a month's worth of footage, they needed to carefully search for useful clues.

None of them had much experience with reviewing surveillance footage.

So, they had to work together.

Aaron identified the timeframe when the project files went missing, and Isabella and Olivia took turns reviewing the footage frame by frame on the computer.

Renee had to take care of the patients, so she couldn't help.

They worked until evening but still hadn't found any leads.

Olivia's eyes were sore from staring at the screen, but when she looked up, she saw Isabella still intently watching the footage on another computer.

They had been at it for five hours straight. Seeing Isabella's red eyes, Olivia felt a pang of sympathy.

She knew Isabella was doing this to help Michael, but seeing her friend work so hard made her heart ache.

In a dimly lit apartment, the only light came from the computer screen casting a blue glow across the room.

Michael lit a cigarette.

Wisps of smoke rose, highlighting his furrowed brow.

After leaving Nolan's place, he had come to this rarely used apartment and started reviewing the surveillance footage he had taken from his office.

He had gone to the company to retrieve this internal surveillance footage.

He had installed the camera a long time ago, originally to monitor important documents and the safe.

If it weren't for Nolan's tactics, he would have forgotten about it.

He hadn't expected it to be so useful now.

The camera was aimed directly at the safe. If anyone had messed with it, he'd have them on video.

Not wanting to miss anything suspicious, Michael combed through the footage frame by frame.

Time crawled. Michael's initially alert posture gradually slumped as his eyes strained and his muscles cramped.

As darkness fell outside, he lost track of how many hours he'd been at it.

Then suddenly, there it was-a shadowy figure moving across the screen that didn't belong.

The person was dressed in gray sweats, wearing a hat and mask, completely covered.

From the footage, only their back was visible.

Before Michael could scrutinize the person, he was shocked by what he saw next.

The man quickly took two documents from the safe, opened the top one, signed it, and stamped it with the company's seal.

This explained why Michael had found a document with the company seal in the safe.

Clearly, this man was the culprit who had framed Michael.

He had forged Michael's signature and handwriting, entered Michael's office, and stolen the document.

But who was this person?

How did he get in, and how did he know the safe's secret?

Michael paused the footage and zoomed in on the figure, feeling a familiar vibe.

This person looked a lot like Nolan.

But the next second, Michael dismissed the thought.

Nolan was wheelchair-bound and needed it to get around. This person moved too freely to be him.

Michael leaned back on the couch, frustrated. He had found a clue but couldn't identify the person.

He couldn't use it as evidence either.

Just as Michael was about to light another cigarette, his phone rang.

It was Aaron.

"Michael, I'm back in the country."

Aaron's voice was hoarse and weak, and Michael immediately sensed something was wrong.

"Are you hurt?"

"Yeah, but it's nothing serious. The doctor said I just need to rest for a while. Michael, can you come to the hospital? I have something important to discuss, and it's not convenient over the phone."

As he spoke, Aaron glanced at Isabella, who nodded in agreement, allowing him to relax.

He wanted Michael to come not just for the company's matters but also to create an opportunity for Michael and Isabella to spend time together.

Michael knew Aaron wouldn't say such things lightly, so he agreed without hesitation.

"Alright, send me the location. I'll be there."

Michael grabbed his coat and headed out.

Recently, he had been under constant surveillance in the country, making it difficult to investigate anything. Now that Aaron was back with important news, he had to go.

When Michael arrived at the hospital, he opened the door to see Aaron sitting on the bed, with Renee by his side, caring for him.

They were huddled close together, hands intertwined, exchanging whispers that gave way to shared smiles.

It was as if they existed in their own little bubble, oblivious to everything else.

###chapter 479 Deep Obsession

Michael cleared his throat, catching Renee's attention.

Her smile quickly faded, and after a curt greeting, she left the room, giving them some privacy.

Renee couldn't bring herself to be friendly towards Michael after what he had done to Isabella.

Aaron gave a pale smile and gestured to a nearby chair, inviting Michael to sit.

"Mr. Brown, sorry you had to come all this way. Renee's got a bit of a temper, don't take it to heart."

Aaron had noticed Renee's behavior but felt powerless to intervene. After all, Renee was standing up for Isabella, and he was on Michael's side, making it difficult to mediate.

Michael shook his head, indicating he didn't mind.

Instead, he glanced at Aaron's condition and teased, "Looks like your trip abroad was quite the adventure. You finally won the heart of your beloved."

Aaron had faced many ups and downs in his love life, and Michael, both as his boss and friend, wished for him to be with the one he loved.

Despite his pale complexion, Aaron couldn't help but smile when he mentioned Renee.

"We're planning the wedding soon. I don't want to wait any longer."

Sometimes it took staring death in the face to realize what truly mattered.

And Aaron wanted to give Renee everything he could-the best version of himself and his life.

He wanted to create a home with her-somewhere safe and warm that belonged to just the two of them.

Seeing the raw love and excitement in Aaron's eyes, Michael couldn't help but lower his gaze.

He suddenly thought of Isabella.

They had been married once, but he had betrayed his own intentions. Not only had he failed to make her happy, but he had also caused her endless suffering.

Even though he regretted it now and wanted to make amends, what was lost was lost. He had no more chances.

The only thing Michael could do now was offer Aaron some advice.

"Since you've won her over, treat her well. Don't let her suffer."

"Mr. Brown, don't worry. I love Renee and will treat her well for the rest of my life."

After discussing personal matters, Aaron got to the main point.

"Mr. Brown, the reason I asked you to come so late is because there's something important I need to tell you. Before I reveal the answer, take a look at this."

Aaron took a laptop from the side, opened a video, and pressed play.

It was a suspicious point Isabella had discovered after much searching.

The surveillance footage showed a mysterious man in sportswear entering the Brown Group building on the day the documents went missing.

He took the elevator straight to the top floor and appeared outside the CEO's office five minutes later.

The footage ended there.

After all, the surveillance room downstairs couldn't monitor the inside of the CEO's office.

Isabella had only been able to trace the man's movements to the downstairs and various corridors.

Aaron continued, "We checked all the strangers who entered the company over those two days. Only this man went into the CEO's office, but since the footage only captures the area outside the door, it can't be used as evidence. But that doesn't stop us from continuing to investigate this man."

Michael's thoughts suddenly drifted.

Aaron had mentioned "we," but as far as Michael could see, only Aaron and Renee were in the room.

But one was a patient, and the other was a girlfriend taking care of him.

Neither of them could have found this clue in such a short time.

This video had been obtained from the surveillance room, and the Brown Group building had thousands of people passing through each day.

Finding a suspicious stranger among them was a massive task.

And to find the man who entered Michael's office in such a short time and be certain he was the culprit...

The person who did this couldn't be the injured Aaron or Renee.

At that moment, Aaron's voice grew heavier.

"Mr. Brown, after thorough verification, I'm certain the man in the sportswear in the video is Nolan!"

Michael's thoughts were abruptly interrupted.

He looked up at Aaron, his voice low and firm, "Aaron, I know you're trying to help, but everything needs evidence. I may dislike Nolan, but he can't be the man in the video. His legs have been unable to walk since he returned from abroad. The doctors said he'd spend the rest of his life in a wheelchair. How could he..."

Listening to Michael's explanation, Aaron suddenly realized.

How could he have forgotten that?

"Mr. Brown, you might not know this, but Nolan has already recovered the use of his legs and is as normal as anyone else. Moreover, I suspect he was faking it from the start. His legs were never a problem. Those reports and medical records were just to make others believe he was truly disabled and couldn't compete for the heir position."

Aaron didn't mention Isabella at all, presenting the findings as his own.

After all, Isabella had insisted that Michael must not be told about these matters, so he had to keep it from him.

"Unfortunately, Nolan is too cunning. Even if we know it's him, we can't use this video as evidence against him."

Aaron gritted his teeth. Nolan had planned everything meticulously, leaving no loopholes.

Michael remained silent for a long time after learning the truth.

If everything Aaron said was true, it meant Nolan had been planning this since he returned, no, since he left three years ago.

His ambition and purpose had never disappeared, only hidden behind a false facade.

No wonder Nolan had been so calm and dismissive when Michael visited him that morning.

He had anticipated all of this.

He would never let anyone else have the Brown Group.

Michael took a deep breath, struggling to calm his inner turmoil.

He never imagined Nolan would hold such a grudge over past events, to the point of making the Brown Group his obsession.

If he couldn't have it, he would destroy the person who did.

That was Nolan, a man who harbored a deep-seated hatred for Michael while pretending to be a good brother for years.

Michael let out a cold laugh, his eyes now clear of any doubt.

"I have the evidence."

Michael took a portable USB drive from his pocket and inserted it into Aaron's laptop.

The surveillance footage showed the inside of Michael's office.

Aaron was shocked, looking at Michael in disbelief. "Michael, what's going on? You installed surveillance in your own office?"

###chapter 480 I Have Evidence

Michael nodded, "I almost forgot about the cameras I set up earlier. Who knew they'd come in so handy?"

Luckily, he had hidden the cameras well.

Otherwise, with Nolan's cunning, they wouldn't have lasted this long.

Now, he was sure the guy in the surveillance footage was the one who took the documents, putting him in a tough spot. But whether this person was actually Nolan, Michael couldn't be 100% sure.

"Aaron, you're so sure the guy in the footage is Nolan. Got any proof?"

Nolan had kept a low profile for years, all to get back at the Brown family for kicking him out.

Without solid evidence, he would never admit to anything.

On the contrary, it might even tip him off.

"I do have proof."

Aaron enlarged the video on the computer screen. "Mr. Brown, check out the watch on this guy's wrist. Doesn't it look familiar?"

Michael took a closer look. The watch on the guy's wrist did look familiar.

It was the birthday gift Isabella had given Nolan.

But Michael quickly dismissed this thought.

The watch in the footage was worn and old, not the new one Isabella had given recently. It looked like it had been worn for years.

Nolan was sentimental. He wouldn't throw away something he liked, even if it was old.

Michael had never seen Nolan wear any other watch.

And he had seen this particular watch before.

It was the one Isabella had given Nolan a long time ago.

As for the new watch Isabella had given recently, Nolan had said he would keep it safe.

Both watches were from the same series.

Suddenly, a scene flashed in Michael's mind.

The lakeside villa, where Bianca had tried to drug him. There was a similar watch in the glass cabinet in the second-floor bedroom.

He had found it familiar but couldn't remember where he had seen it before.

Now everything seemed to make sense.

The watch in the villa was the same one Nolan was wearing.

So, the villa wasn't Bianca's; it was Nolan's.

At the time, he was focused on uncovering Bianca's hidden identity and the Adri family's intentions, so he agreed to go to the lakeside villa.

But no one expected his grandfather and Isabella to show up suddenly and see him with Bianca.

He didn't even have time to explain before Isabella deeply misunderstood him.

After that misunderstanding, his relationship with Isabella was never the same.

Michael connected all the dots, and the evidence became clear.

When Bianca returned to the country with Nolan under the alias Violet, Michael had found it strange.

Now, thinking back, they might have joined the Adri family long ago, but with different motives.

Bianca returned for revenge, while Nolan wanted control of the Brown Group.

They had teamed up to serve the Adri family.

Ultimately, the real beneficiary was the mastermind behind it all.

The Adri family had indeed played a long game.

They had targeted everyone close to him from the start.

One Bianca wasn't enough; there was also Nolan, who could replace Michael.

By teaming up with Nolan, the Adri family was hell-bent on taking down the Brown Group.

But Michael wasn't about to let that happen.

He wouldn't let the Adri family take over the Brown Group or the Wilson family.

"Mr. Brown?"

Aaron noticed Michael's face darken as he stared at the screen and called out softly.

"Now that we have the evidence, what's our next move?"

Aaron had his own ideas.

He thought they should take the surveillance footage straight to the company and confront Nolan, forcing him to step down as CEO.

If Nolan refused, they could hand the evidence over to the police.

With the police involved, Nolan's reputation would be ruined.

The board of the Brown Group wouldn't support someone with a tarnished reputation as CEO, and Nolan wouldn't be able to stay in the company.

But Michael had a different plan.

He was thinking beyond the immediate situation.

"We're not in a rush. We can deal with Nolan anytime, but the people behind him haven't surfaced yet."

If they used the surveillance footage to oust Nolan now, it would be the simplest and most effective method.

But it would also alert the Adri family.

As long as the Adri family was around, they posed a significant threat to the Brown Group and the Wilson family.

Michael couldn't rest easy until this ticking time bomb was defused.

He needed to see this mysterious family lose their ability to harm the Brown Group and the Wilson family before he could relax.

With this in mind, he took a deep breath, his eyes filled with determination.

"Aaron, this time we're playing for keeps. The one who holds out the longest wins."

Michael rolled his shoulders, his commanding presence returned-the one everyone knew and feared.

These people thought they could scheme against him? They clearly had a death wish.

Aaron couldn't help but grin at the transformation.

This was the Michael he knew-the one who never backed down from a fight and showed everyone what it meant to be truly formidable.

Thinking about the battles ahead, Aaron felt adrenaline coursing through his veins.

He couldn't wait to see those people get their comeuppance from Michael.

"Mr. Brown, why do you think Nolan, after all this careful planning, is now rushing to return to the company?"

They had the evidence of Nolan's sabotage.

Nolan should be the one worried now, not them.

After all, the evidence proved that the project contract was forged by Nolan, not signed by Michael.

If Nolan couldn't reach an agreement with the government in Auroria or prove the contract invalid, he'd have to deal with the mess himself. He'd have to fulfill the contract terms or face a billion-dollar penalty.

From what Michael had learned in Auroria, the local government officials were all greedy. They wouldn't let go of such a lucrative opportunity easily.

Now, it was Nolan's turn to be in a tough spot.

Michael sneered at Aaron's question.

"He's not rushing; he's seizing the moment. He endured three years abroad. Do you think he's the type to act hastily? The project in Auroria required billions in startup funds. He chose this timing on purpose."

###chapter 481 Put Yourself Out

Aaron still didn't quite get it. "If I were Nolan, I wouldn't pick this moment. After all that planning, if I got caught now, it'd be game over, right?"

Michael gave a resigned smile. "We found the evidence now, but what if we hadn't? Plus, the Adri Family backing Nolan has been waiting for him to ask for help."

Only then would Nolan willingly give up his interests.

Neither of them was a simple person.

"And don't forget, both you and I have been kicked out of the company. You should be thinking about what you're going to do next. You can't stay in the hospital forever, right?"

Since being kicked out of the company, Nolan had been sending people to follow Michael's every move.

Michael had no choice but to pretend to spend every night in different clubs, wasting money on drinks and parties, then kicking everyone out halfway through to find a room to sleep in.

He was incredibly bored.

Now that someone who could help him was back, he no longer had to live that fake party life.

As Michael's executive assistant for nearly four years, Aaron didn't need to think much to know that Michael was bored out of his mind.

But in his current state, he was powerless.

Even the doctors said it was a miracle he survived the shipwreck, and he needed to rest properly to ensure his wounds healed.

Renee had given him strict orders: as long as she was watching, he wasn't leaving the hospital.

He wouldn't be discharged anytime soon.

He spread his hands helplessly. "Mr. Brown, look at my situation. I'd love to join you in the action, but I can't even get out of bed."

But just because he couldn't leave the hospital didn't mean Michael couldn't visit him.

Aaron suddenly had a brilliant idea.

"Mr. Brown, have you thought about a 'chance' encounter with Mrs. Brown?"

Since Michael didn't need to go to the company now, he could take this opportunity to reconnect with Isabella. Who knew? It might lead to something good.

Sure enough, Michael's eyes lit up at the mention of "Mrs. Brown."

"Are you saying Isabella might come here?"

Aaron was about to say yes, but remembering Isabella's specific instructions, he changed his approach.

"I'm not sure if Mrs. Brown will come again, but Renee is staying with Mrs. Brown. They often go out together."

Come again?

Michael caught the key point immediately.

So, Isabella had already been here.

No wonder Aaron had found evidence against Nolan so quickly, including the watch Nolan wore.

After all, no one knew that watch better than Isabella.

"Mr. Brown, why don't you join me in seeking refuge under Mrs. Brown's wing?"

Aaron didn't mind.

He was staying in this private hospital's VIP room thanks to Renee.

So, he had no hesitation in seeking Isabella's help.

In his heart, Michael and Isabella would end up together no matter what.

Aaron's last sentence successfully tempted Michael.

If he could see Isabella every day without being exposed to others, it was a huge temptation.

"Do you think she would agree?"

Michael's eyes wavered.

Aaron held back a smile and nodded vigorously.

"Look, Mr. Brown, you and Mrs. Brown are divorced now. If you don't make your move, someone else will. Sometimes you've just gotta put yourself out there."

Isabella's fame and status were well-known, and she had no shortage of potential suitors.

And Michael, to put it bluntly, was currently unemployed. If he didn't take a chance, his wife would be taken right from under his nose.

By then, it would be too late for regrets.

Michael nodded, thinking quietly, as if he had taken Aaron's words to heart.

Finally, he made a decision. "I get it. I'll give it a shot."

Just as he finished speaking, a voice from outside suddenly objected, "Absolutely not!"

Renee, who had been waiting outside, couldn't hold back her anger any longer after hearing Aaron's bad idea. She burst in.

"Aaron, what nonsense are you spouting? Have you forgotten that we owe our lives to Ms. Taylor? Even this hospital room was arranged by her. How could you repay kindness with betrayal?"

Aaron was startled and quickly grabbed Renee's hand to explain.

"Renee, don't be mad. That's not what I meant."

Renee huffed and shook him off, full of anger. "Then what do you mean? Mr. Brown is the son of the Brown Family. Even without the CEO position, he has a huge family backing him. How could he have nowhere to go and need your help to seek refuge with Ms. Taylor? How could you come up with such a scheme?"

Her last words were practically spat out through gritted teeth.

She had clearly misjudged Aaron. She didn't expect him to have such bad intentions, being sincere to her but scheming against others.

Aaron lowered his head in embarrassment, his face turning red.

He hadn't expected Renee to be right outside, listening to their conversation.

And he had an agreement with Isabella, so he couldn't tell Michael or reveal it in front of Renee.

He had to play dumb in front of both of them.

As long as he achieved his goal, that was enough.

"Why don't we call Mrs. Brown and ask her opinion?"

After all, knowing what Michael had done to Isabella, Renee had no good impression of him.

They still wanted to use her name to get close to Isabella? Dream on!

So when Aaron hinted at bringing Isabella here, Renee couldn't help but glare at him.

"Don't even think about it. I won't agree to let Isabella see someone she doesn't want to see!"

That "someone" was, of course, Michael.

Feeling unjustly accused, Michael shook his head and retorted.

"Renee, what happens between Isabella and me is our business. Whether I seek refuge with the Wilson Family or not doesn't really concern you. Why are you so against it?"

Renee, already having no good feelings towards Michael, now saw his true colors and her voice turned cold.

"Isabella saved my life. I won't let anyone she can't stand show up around her, especially not through me."

Renee had never been known for her patience. She only showed her true personality with Aaron and Isabella.

But once her hostility surfaced, the temperature in the room seemed to drop.

###chapter 482 Crisis Arises Again

One was his girlfriend, the other was his boss.

Aaron was breaking out in a cold sweat.

Instinctively, he grabbed Renee's hand, trying to mediate the situation.

"Renee, Mr. Brown isn't who you think he is. He knows he messed up, and we should give him a chance, right? Besides, Mrs. Brown still has feelings for him. You know that. Don't you want them to clear up their misunderstandings and get back together? Renee, trust me this once, Mr. Brown really isn't..."

"Shut up! Aaron, I'll deal with you later."

Renee couldn't stand Aaron's incessant chatter any longer. She shot him a cold glare, and he immediately clamped his mouth shut, not daring to make another sound.

Michael was stunned.

He had never realized that the esteemed assistant of the Brown Group could be so whipped.

Being this thoroughly under his girlfriend's thumb was impressive.

With Aaron finally quiet, Renee turned her attention to Michael.

As long as she was around, she wouldn't let anyone hurt Isabella again.

"Mr. Brown, I understand what you said. If Isabella agrees to let you stay, I have no right to interfere. But if you're just using the excuse of being 'homeless' to get close to Isabella again, don't blame me for being harsh, even if you're Aaron's boss."

Though she addressed him as "Mr. Brown," there was no respect in her tone.

She didn't care that Michael was the heir to the Brown Family.

To her, he was just a man who had hurt her best friend. If it weren't for Aaron's three years of loyalty, she would have kicked him out already.

Michael couldn't even muster a rebuttal.

He could only press his lips together in silence, barely holding onto the last shred of his dignity as a man.

Meanwhile, in another room, Isabella and Olivia listened to the argument next door and exchanged amused glances.

It was the first time Isabella had seen Michael so humbled.

It was satisfying.

Olivia, seeing Isabella's smug smile, didn't forget what Renee had said earlier.

"Isabella, you heard it all. Michael is a schemer. He's the young master of the Brown Family. Even if he's kicked out of the company, he won't be homeless. Don't let your guard down and forgive him. And definitely don't bring him back to the Wilson Villa. Got it?"

Olivia couldn't help but remind her again.

Just thinking about the suffering Isabella had endured made Olivia want to string Michael up.

If he managed to worm his way into the Wilson Family, he'd turn the place upside down.

Not to mention, the five Wilson brothers wouldn't let him off easily.

Isabella nodded. "Got it. Don't worry, I won't."

She wasn't crazy. Who would bring an ex-husband home?

Especially someone like Michael, whom she wanted to avoid at all costs.

"But I really want to see Michael's face right now. It must be priceless!"

Renee's scolding was so satisfying, and Michael didn't dare say a word in return.

She couldn't do that.

They had parted ways amicably, and their families still had business dealings. It wouldn't be good to make things too ugly.

She was glad she stayed today; otherwise, she would have missed this entertaining scene.

Meanwhile, in Aaron's ward, a sudden exclamation broke the silence.

"Mr. Brown, something terrible has happened at the company!"

Michael was still thinking about how to convince Isabella to let him stay at the Wilson Villa to ease their awkward relationship.

Aaron's shout snapped him back to reality.

"What happened?"

Without wasting time, Aaron handed his phone to Michael, showing him the news.

The latest report was playing.

"Just now, Leanne Corporation released a statement online, using the company's reputation to publicly accuse the Brown Group's medical products of serious quality issues. They said they signed the contract and took a huge loss to warn others not to be deceived by the false advertising of big corporations and not to risk people's health and lives."

Hearing this, Michael couldn't take it anymore and paused the interview on the computer.

The timing of this news was too coincidental.

It was clearly premeditated.

Michael didn't need to think hard to guess who was behind it.

The Adri Family was clearly pushing their advantage, striking as soon as the Brown Group showed weakness.

Michael didn't have time to ponder. He immediately called Nolan.

As soon as the call connected, he started yelling.

"Nolan, how are you planning to handle the news from Leanne Corporation? Don't forget, Grandpa entrusted the company to you. If you ruin its reputation in a few days, how will you explain it to him?"

Michael did this on purpose.

He had signed the contract with Leanne Corporation, so he knew there were no issues. But since the Adri Family was causing trouble, he needed to solidify his image as the former president.

With the company in trouble, he had the right to question Nolan, the current president.

On the other end, Nolan's voice remained calm and composed. "How I explain it to Grandpa is none of your concern. My goal has been achieved. The company's fate doesn't matter to me."

His calm words left Michael almost speechless with shock.

"Nolan, do you know what you're saying? What do you mean the company's fate doesn't matter to you? Why did you fight so hard to take over the company then?"

Michael was incredulous.

But the next second, Nolan's voice turned cold and mocking.

"I fought for the heir's position to erase the shame of three years ago. Michael, to be honest, ever since Grandpa kicked me out of the Brown Group three years ago, I stopped caring about this family, including the Brown Group. So, even if the Brown Group collapses, I couldn't care less."

With that, Nolan hung up, not giving Michael a chance to respond.

Meanwhile, in his office, Nolan tossed his phone aside and turned his serious gaze to his assistant, Alex.

"What's going on with Leanne Corporation? How did such a big scandal suddenly come up?"

He had just taken over the company, and so many problems had already arisen.

Even his brother wanted to mock him at this time. Did they really think his years of hard work were for nothing?

Even if he didn't care much about the company, he wouldn't let anyone laugh at him.

Especially not Michael!

###chapter 483 Just a Pawn

Alex quickly explained, "Leanne Corporation signed a contract with us for a batch of medical equipment two months ago. They even lowered their requirements to secure a long-term deal. I didn't see this coming."

Nolan frowned, "Did you get in touch with them right away?"

Alex nodded. "Yeah, we reached out. They agreed to take back the equipment for repairs or replacements, but they're blaming us. They want to cancel the contract and are demanding triple the penalty fee, or they'll sue us."

Nolan zeroed in on the key point. "How much is the penalty fee?"

"Twenty million dollars. If they sue, triple that would be sixty million dollars."

Alex's face paled a bit. "Mr. Brown, we recently invested most of our cash flow into the Auroria mining project. If we have to pay Leanne Corporation sixty million dollars now, our financial chain will snap."

A big corporation facing financial trouble would attract a lot of unwanted attention.

Alex knew this was serious. Settling with Leanne Corporation privately would be better than losing their reputation.

But Nolan stayed calm. He knew this was a trap set by the Adri Family. Leanne Corporation might even be controlled by them. Their goal was to take over the Brown Group and enter the domestic market.

The timing was too perfect. Just as he was having issues with Auroria, the Brown Group faced a credibility crisis, clearly targeting him.

The Adri Family had discovered his ambitions and were now turning against him. They had agreed that he would help them approach the Brown Group, and they would help him take it over, splitting the benefits equally. But now, he didn't want to hand over the company he had worked so hard to acquire.

In just two days, the Adri Family had given him such a big "gift."

Nolan couldn't help but be angry. He motioned for Alex to leave and dialed a number from his wheelchair.

The person on the other end answered quickly, with a cold laugh, as if expecting Nolan's call. "Couldn't wait, could you?"

Nolan gripped the wheelchair armrest tightly. "Did you set up the Leanne Corporation issue?"

Even though he knew the truth, Nolan underestimated this person's strength.

"You broke your promise, so don't expect any mercy from me now. Remember, I'm the one who set the rules of this game. Nolan, you're just a pawn in my hands. Now that your task is complete, I'm taking back my victory."

Pawn? Nolan's eyes flashed with anger. "So, the fifty-fifty profit share you promised was all bullshit. You just used my Brown Family connections to achieve your goal!"

The person scoffed. "Like you weren't playing your own angle from the start? Come on, Nolan, I know exactly what you're after. You want to swallow up the entire Brown Group for yourself. That greed of yours? That's your weakness. Let's see who comes out on top when this is all over."

The call ended with the person's triumphant laugh.

Nolan angrily slammed his phone on the table. The Adri Family were nothing but thieves. He wouldn't give up everything he had worked so hard to gain.

Nolan watched the escalating news on his phone and called Alex back in.

"Get everyone together. We're having an emergency meeting tomorrow morning. All executives need to be at the office an hour early with at least two proposals on how to make Leanne Corporation back down."

Alex didn't waste a second and quickly left to carry out the orders.

Late at night, Nolan sat in his office, determined to fight the Adri Family. The Brown Group was his, and no one would take it from him.

The next day.

At the Brown Villa.

Aiden sat in his room, gazing at a gemstone pendant nestled in a velvet box. Sunlight streamed through the window, making the stone sparkle brilliantly.

As he looked at the gem, his eyes reddened. The pendant reminded him of Isabella's determined expression when she gave it to him. She was such a good granddaughter-in-law, and now she was gone.

His heart ached at the thought.

The gem had been his wife's treasure, a family heirloom she'd brought into their marriage. He carefully took it out and sighed. "My dear, it's my fault. We were so close to having a great-grandchild, but fate had other plans. And Isabella-such a lovely girl who treated me like her own grandfather-my grandson threw it all away. Michael drove her off with his behavior. I regret it so much. If I had known Michael was so irresponsible, I wouldn't have let Isabella marry him. He doesn't deserve her!"

Tears streamed down Aiden's face. He truly regretted it.

His friends had all passed away, and his two grandsons were at odds over the inheritance, tearing the family apart.

He even questioned his past decisions. If he hadn't agreed to that person's promise, would the Brown Family be different now?

But there were no "ifs" in life, and no room for regret. He had to bear it all.

When Stella came to call him for breakfast, she saw him holding the pendant and wiping his tears. She shook her head.

Crossing the room, she placed a hand on his shoulder. "Dad, why torture yourself like this? You're at an age where you shouldn't be getting tangled up in the younger generation's drama. Even if you tried to step in, they wouldn't listen anyway."

Stella had just learned that her son and Isabella had finalized their divorce. A mixture of regret and guilt washed over her whenever she thought about Isabella.

She had failed as a mother-in-law. How could she have been so blind to Isabella's true worth, instead falling for Bianca's manipulative charm?

###chapter 484 Aiden Faints

The reality was staring them in the face, and all they could do was look ahead.

Given the Wilson family's current stance towards the Browns, there was no way they were sending Isabella back.

No one would willingly watch their precious daughter suffer with a man who didn't appreciate her.

Part of it was her son's fault. He was clearly crazy about Isabella, but it was like his mouth was super-glued shut when it came to saying anything sweet or romantic.

Well, now he was paying the price. She had had enough and slapped him with divorce papers.

There was no way he could win her back now.

Aiden sighed at the thought, not wanting to dwell on it any longer.

He carefully placed the gemstone pendant back in its box and turned to Stella.

"I get it. Let's just drop it for now."

Stella nodded. "That's probably best. You need to take care of yourself at your age. Come on, breakfast is ready in the kitchen."

During breakfast, Aiden habitually turned on the TV, watching the news while sipping his porridge.

He had barely taken a few bites when he saw the familiar name "Brown Group" flash across the screen.

The news was about Leanne Corporation suing Brown Group over quality issues, and the internet was flooded with negative opinions.

Even Stella, who usually didn't care about such things, was drawn in.

After all, it concerned the Brown Group. She watched for a while to understand what was happening, and then she was furious.

"What is Nolan doing? He just got back and insisted on taking over the company. Now look, he's the president, and in just a few days, he's caused such a huge mess. He's plunged the company into both financial and reputational crises. Can he really handle this responsibility? Or is he just pretending to be capable and dragging the company into bankruptcy?"

Before Stella could finish her rant, there was a loud "bang" from the head of the table.

Aiden, who had been calmly drinking his porridge, had collapsed from his chair in a fit of rage.

Stella turned around, her face pale with fear.

"Dad, are you okay? Please don't scare me. Someone call an ambulance!"

At the hospital.

As soon as Aiden was wheeled into the emergency room, Michael came running in from outside.

Seeing the closed doors of the operating room, he frowned and asked Stella, "Mom, what happened? How did Grandpa suddenly collapse?"

Stella, seeing her son who hadn't been home in days, slapped him on the back of the head in anger.

"You heartless boy, are you planning to abandon your mother and grandfather? Do you even realize how long it's been since you came home? When you were in charge of the company, you said you were too busy to be disturbed. But now, the company is in someone else's hands, and you've disappeared completely, spending your nights in bars. Are you trying to drive me crazy?"

Stella scolded and cried at the same time.

She knew better than anyone how much her son was suffering after losing the company.

But that didn't mean he could give up on himself and stop coming home.

Michael didn't argue back. He just stood there, silently taking his mother's scolding.

It wasn't that he didn't want to come home.

He just couldn't stand hearing his grandfather talk about Isabella again.

To his grandfather, Isabella was the perfect granddaughter-in-law, the only one he approved of for the Brown family.

Michael felt the same way.

But he couldn't guarantee he could win Isabella back.

He couldn't bear to face his grandfather's disappointment and regret.

He felt that pain too.

So, he thought it was better to stay away, to avoid bringing that sadness home to his grandfather. At least this way, his grandfather wouldn't be hurt by his actions.

Seeing Michael silently endure her scolding, Stella wiped her tears. There were things she had to say, or she would regret it forever.

"Michael, I know you're reserved and have your own way of doing things, but you don't know how much your grandfather loves you. If he wasn't afraid of you losing Isabella, he wouldn't have handed the company over to Nolan so easily. And today, your grandfather collapsed because he saw the negative news about the company and got too worked up."

Stella's words hit Michael like a bomb.

He couldn't believe it.

His grandfather had handed the company to Nolan for his sake, to give him a chance to win Isabella back.

How could this be?

He had thought his grandfather was completely disappointed in him and didn't want to see him anymore, which was why he chose Nolan.

Seeing Michael's shocked expression, Stella was both angry and helpless.

"Aren't you supposed to be smart? How could you not see this? If you had cherished your wife even a little, you wouldn't be in this mess now. The wife you drove away isn't easy to win back. Nolan seemed capable, but as soon as he took over, he caused such a big mess. It's ridiculous!"

Stella continued to talk, while Michael was lost in his own thoughts.

Understanding his grandfather's intentions, he finally realized why his grandfather had suddenly changed his mind and handed the company to Nolan.

Years ago, his grandfather had promised someone that Nolan would never take over the company or become the heir to the Brown Group.

So, his grandfather had no choice but to hand the company to Michael at that time.

But Nolan's departure and three-year absence had left his grandfather feeling deeply guilty.

Now that Nolan was back, filled with resentment and ambition, and Michael's relationship with Isabella had hit rock bottom, his grandfather wanted to make amends with Nolan and give Michael a chance to reconcile with Isabella.

So, his grandfather had come up with this plan, playing the bad guy himself.

Michael almost misunderstood his grandfather.

He couldn't help but feel moved.

His grandfather had never blamed him for his mistakes. Instead, seeing his pain over the divorce, he had given him another chance to win Isabella back.

Michael took a deep breath and looked at the red light of the operating room.

The guilt he felt towards his grandfather was overwhelming.

He just hoped his grandfather would pull through. He wouldn't hide anything from him anymore.

###chapter 485 Isabella Came

Time dragged on as Michael sat on a nearby bench, anxiously waiting.

He couldn't stop worrying about his grandfather's condition.

"Mom, how much does Grandpa know about what happened at the company?"

If Grandpa found out that Nolan had been scheming with the Adri Family from the start, trying to split up the Brown Group's shares as revenge for old grudges, it might be too much for him to handle.

Stella, not knowing the details, could only respond honestly, "Your grandpa saw the news this morning, and that's when it happened. I don't know anything else. Son, you don't know, ever since Isabella returned that gemstone pendant to your grandpa, he's been sitting alone with it every day, sometimes even tearing up, saying he failed to keep such a good granddaughter-in-law. I wanted to comfort him, but then the company had this issue, and he couldn't take the blow and fainted."

Thinking about the chaos at home and the company, and her son being kicked out, Stella was at a loss and could only cry.

While Stella spoke, Michael's attention was caught by the mention of the returned gemstone pendant.

So, Isabella had already given back the gift he gave her to Grandpa.

That pendant was a birthday gift from him, the only thing he had given her with genuine feelings, yet she didn't even want to keep it.

Maybe in her heart, she had long wanted to cut ties with him completely.

He had been foolishly dreaming, thinking they still had a future.

It was all just his wishful thinking.

Stella cried for a while before realizing something important. She wiped her tears and asked, "Michael, why are you here alone? Where's Nolan? Doesn't he care at all about your grandpa's condition?"

Michael didn't want to hear anything about Nolan right now.

He frowned, "Mom, let's not worry about him. We need to focus on Grandpa."

Before he could finish, the doors of the operating room suddenly opened.

Stella and Michael quickly approached, ready to ask questions, but the doctor's words stopped them in their tracks.

"Are you the patient's family? The patient's condition is very serious. Given his age and the sudden brain hemorrhage, even if the surgery was successful, there's no guarantee it won't happen again. You should be prepared for the worst."

Stella, relieved to hear the surgery was successful, didn't think much of the warning, assuming it was standard doctor talk.

But Michael's heart sank.

The doctor's words were a clear indication that his grandfather's condition was critical. If he recovered well, he might have a few more years, but if not, his time was limited.

Michael thanked the doctor and followed the nurse to Aiden's room.

On the bed, Aiden lay with his eyes half-closed, pale and weak, struggling to breathe through an oxygen mask.

Stella entered, her eyes red, and called out, "Dad!"

Michael moved closer, holding Aiden's hand, his voice hoarse, "Grandpa."

Hearing his grandson's voice, Aiden slowly opened his eyes. Seeing Michael, he gripped his hand tightly, his whole body trembling slightly.

Though Aiden didn't speak, Michael could see the question in his eyes.

Michael nodded and reassured him, "Grandpa, don't worry. The company will be fine. Nolan will find a way to get through this. He has the ability."

Michael wasn't defending Nolan or trying to comfort his grandfather with false hope. He knew that even if Nolan fell out with the Adri Family, his pride and ambition wouldn't let the Brown Group fail under his watch.

This was what Grandpa was worried about.

Michael's words were meant to ease his grandfather's mind about the company.

Sure enough, after hearing Michael's explanation, Aiden's emotions calmed down.

But Aiden's hand still held onto his, and he struggled to utter a sound, "Isa..."

Even though his voice was faint, Michael understood.

His heart ached.

Grandpa was still worried about him and Isabella.

"Grandpa, you want to see Isabella, right?"

That was his wish too.

Aiden could only blink weakly in agreement.

"Okay, I'll bring her here. Don't worry."

Michael quickly agreed.

But as he left the room, he realized he didn't know where to find Isabella.

She had blocked his number, and the Wilson Family had blacklisted him. He couldn't even get close without their security warning him off.

But now, Grandpa wanted to see Isabella. No matter what, he had to find her.

Even if it meant swallowing his pride and begging.

Determined, Michael headed out the door, only to nearly collide with someone rushing toward him as he rounded the corner.

It was Isabella, her eyes red and puffy from crying.

For a moment, Michael's mind went blank.

He didn't know how she found out about Grandpa's condition, but the fact that she'd come was all that mattered.

"Isabella, how did you..."

Before he could finish, Isabella grabbed his arm, "Michael, how's Aiden? What did the doctor say? Did the surgery go well? Is Aiden okay?"

Isabella was genuinely worried. She couldn't care less about their divorce right now.

As soon as she heard about Aiden being hospitalized, she rushed over, her mind filled with memories of her grandfather's passing.

She was truly scared.

Scared that Aiden would leave her like her grandfather did.

She had already lost her grandfather and didn't want to lose another loved one so soon.

Seeing Isabella's distress, Michael knew she was thinking about her grandfather.

He gently pulled her into a hug, patting her back, "The surgery was successful. My mom is with him. Don't worry, the doctor said he just needs to rest."

###chapter 486 Too Scared for a Second Chance

Michael couldn't bring himself to tell Isabella the harsh truth; she needed comfort right now.

He didn't ask her how she knew about Grandpa's accident or how she got here so fast.

Isabella's reaction had already told him everything.

No matter how distant they had become, Isabella still saw Aiden as her grandfather. Their relationship wouldn't change just because of the divorce.

Seeing her tear-streaked face, Michael felt a pang of sorrow and wanted to wipe her tears away.

But halfway through, he stopped himself and pulled his hand back.

He pressed his lips together and softly asked, "Isabella, Grandpa wants to see you. Will you come with me to talk to him?"

Michael might not have realized it, but his voice carried a hint of pleading.

Just moments ago, when he found out Isabella had returned the gemstone pendant he had given her, his heart turned cold.

He understood that his past actions had disappointed Isabella to the point where she chose to let go.

She had discarded everything that belonged to him and severed all ties.

So now, facing her, he didn't dare to show any of his former dominance or arrogance.

He wouldn't force her to do anything she didn't want to do.

He feared that if he remained the same, Isabella would never forgive him.

Isabella was only worried about Aiden's health and didn't notice the cautious look in Michael's eyes.

She wiped her tears and kept a distance from Michael, nodding.

"Okay, where's Grandpa? I want to see him."

Aiden had always treated her like his own granddaughter. How could she refuse his wish?

Isabella followed Michael to Aiden's hospital room, where her former mother-in-law, Stella, was by his side.

Seeing Isabella arrive so quickly, Stella joyfully called out to Aiden.

"Dad, wake up! Isabella is here. Isabella came to see you."

Hearing Isabella's name, Aiden seemed to regain some energy. He took a deep breath, opened his eyes, and looked towards the door.

He saw Isabella and Michael standing together, as if they had never been apart.

Aiden slowly extended his hand and weakly waved, "Isabella."

Isabella's eyes welled up with tears, and she hurried over to hold Aiden's hand, her voice choked with emotion.

"Grandpa, it's Isabella. What happened to you?"

Seeing Aiden, who seemed to have aged significantly since she last saw him, Isabella felt a heavy weight on her chest, making it hard to breathe.

Aiden gripped Isabella's hand, a faint smile appearing on his pale face.

He then pointed to his jacket pocket, indicating to Stella, "The pendant... bring it here..."

Though it was just a few simple words, Aiden seemed to use all his strength. Fortunately, Stella understood and quickly fetched Aiden's coat.

She found a dark red velvet box inside.

It contained the gemstone pendant Isabella had returned.

Just one look at the box, and Isabella knew what was inside and understood why Aiden had called her.

Aiden signaled Stella to open the box, and he personally handed the pendant to Isabella.

"Grandpa."

Isabella's eyes were red, but she knew what the pendant represented. Her hands instinctively pulled back.

But Aiden shook his head and explained each word clearly.

"Isabella, this was left by your grandmother. It was meant to be a gift for my granddaughter-in-law. If you don't accept it, are you blaming me?"

Isabella quickly denied, "No, Grandpa, I don't mean to blame you. But Michael and I are no longer..."

Such a meaningful gift, how could she accept it?

At that moment, Stella stepped forward and placed the pendant in Isabella's hand, speaking earnestly.

"Isabella, this is your grandfather's wish. For his sake, just accept it as a gift."

Stella then glanced at Michael, who stood silently by, and sighed.

"As for you and Michael... your grandfather and I can see what's happening. Michael was blind before-he couldn't see how special you are. Now, it's obvious he's fallen for you. And honestly, you're right not to forgive him too quickly. He hurt you badly, and that's not something a few words can fix."

Stella couldn't help but wipe her tears as she spoke.

She recounted the times she had hurt Isabella, her words filled with guilt and regret.

Isabella remained silent.

Whether it was Michael's belated affection or Stella's late remorse, she felt nothing.

To her, the past was something she had left behind the day she walked out of the Brown Villa.

As for Michael's feelings for her, Isabella wasn't completely unmoved. After all, she had secretly loved him for years. Knowing he liked her too made her happy.

But she was no longer the same Isabella.

She couldn't ignore her own feelings to accommodate him just because of a few words or small changes.

He could have explained everything to her face-to-face, cleared up the misunderstandings.

But he chose to keep it all to himself, even when she caught him in an intimate moment with Bianca. He never thought to explain.

She couldn't accept that.

Whether as a girlfriend or a wife, she had just one non-negotiable: complete honesty. If he couldn't be straightforward with her, she wouldn't even consider him.

Even now, she hadn't felt any respect or importance from him as a wife, nor had she received his understanding and love.

So, she could face him rationally and help him out of their past relationship.

But when it came to feelings, she couldn't accept it now.

After waiting for him for three years, without a single moment of softness from him, she had completely given up.

She didn't dare to hope that Michael's feelings for her would last.

If it was just a fleeting interest, she would be the one hurt in the end.

Knowing what kind of person he was, she didn't want to go through that again.

With that in mind, Isabella looked up at Stella, her tone calm and composed.

"Mrs. Brown, with all due respect, no one understands what's between Michael and me better than we do. I appreciate your concern, but I've made up my mind. And about this pendant, I really..."

Before she could finish, Stella quickly interrupted.

###chapter 487 What About Me

"Isabella, I get what you're saying, but you really need to take this pendant today. Look, no one knows what the future holds. If you and Michael stay together, then this pendant is yours. If not, just think of it as a keepsake from Aiden."

Stella didn't give Isabella a chance to refuse and quickly fastened the pendant around her neck.

Isabella frowned and was about to take it off when Stella's next words stopped her.

"Isabella, you can say no to me, but can you really ignore your grandpa's last wish?"

Isabella couldn't bring herself to meet Aiden's hopeful gaze.

The refusal she was about to voice got swallowed back down.

Seeing Aiden like this, how could she bear to let him down?

She bit her lip and finally agreed to keep the pendant.

"Thanks, Aiden."

As she spoke, Isabella lifted the modest pendant around her neck to show Aiden.

She thought, once her grandpa's health improved, she could return it. For now, she couldn't let him be sad in the hospital.

Seeing Isabella finally accept the pendant that symbolized the future daughter-in-law of the Brown Family, Aiden's eyes lit up.

He squeezed her hand and softly called her name, then looked at Michael, who was standing nearby, hesitant to approach, and called his name too.

"Come here."

Michael didn't dare disobey and stepped forward to the bedside.

Stella, sensing the moment, quickly stepped aside.

Michael knelt beside Isabella, both of them by Aiden's side. "Grandpa, Isabella and I are both here. What do you want to say? We're listening."

Aiden didn't speak, just pulled Michael's hand to cover Isabella's, patting them gently.

With a weak voice, Aiden managed to say, "You two... must... be... happy..."

Isabella's eyes welled up again.

How could she not understand her grandpa's wish?

From the moment she married into the Brown Family, Aiden had hoped she and Michael could live harmoniously like a normal couple. Every time she and Michael had a disagreement, her grandpa would always support her.

But she and Michael had already reached the point of divorce; going back to the way things were was impossible.

Yet, at this moment, she couldn't say anything that would break Aiden's heart.

Isabella's soft hand was in his, and Michael couldn't help but look up at her, feeling a mix of emotions.

He knew his grandpa always wanted them to reconcile and return to how they were at the beginning.

But after everything that had happened, he seemed to understand what Isabella truly wanted.

If she didn't want to, he wouldn't force her like before.

Perhaps only at this moment could he hold her hand openly without her rejecting or resenting him.

"Grandpa, no matter what happens between Isabella and me, she will always be your granddaughter and a part of the Brown Family. As long as I'm here, I won't let anyone hurt her."

Michael had truly come to terms with it.

Loving someone meant respecting their choices. If Isabella was willing to give him another chance, he would show her his true feelings without hesitation.

He would make up for all the pain and grievances she had endured over the years.

But if she wanted him to stay away and never see him again, he would respect that too.

Isabella was stunned.

She couldn't believe these words were coming from Michael.

Was this really the same arrogant Michael she knew?

Just then, the sound of a wheelchair rolling down the hallway echoed. Nolan, having rushed over from the company upon hearing about Aiden's hospitalization, arrived.

But when he reached the door, the scene inside the room pierced his heart.

By Aiden's bedside, Michael and Isabella were holding hands, making promises to Aiden, looking every bit like a loving couple.

What hurt Nolan even more was the pendant around Isabella's neck.

That pendant symbolized the future matriarch of the Brown Family, something even Michael's mother never received, and now it hung around Isabella's neck.

So, Isabella had forgiven Michael and accepted her role as "Mrs. Brown" again!

Realizing this, Nolan trembled with anger.

He stared at the scene with furious eyes.

Why?

Why could she so easily forgive Michael but not accept his love and pursuit?

If she reconciled with Michael, what about him?

What did he mean to her?

He had been by her side for so many years, loved her for so many years, and in the end, his confession and affection meant nothing to her?

Nolan's hands gripped the wheelchair tightly, his anger and overwhelming hatred nearly consuming his rationality.

He almost forgot why he had come here because of the "warm" scene before him.

Alex, standing nearby, coughed lightly to remind Nolan of his current status as the CEO of the Brown Group.

With Aiden gravely ill, Nolan's priority should be to show the concern and worry of a grandson, not to let a woman make him forget everything he had worked so hard to achieve.

"Mr. Aiden Brown, Mrs. Brown, Mr. Nolan Brown is here."

Alex's announcement brought Nolan back to reality.

Nolan suppressed his inappropriate emotions, waved Alex away, and wheeled himself into the room, approaching Aiden.

"Grandpa, I'm here. I'm sorry I didn't manage the company well and caused you such distress."

As he spoke, Nolan lowered his head slowly.

His voice was full of guilt and concern, making it hard for anyone to blame him further.

His concern might have been feigned, but his guilt was real.

On the way to the hospital, Nolan had learned from Alex that his grandfather had fainted after seeing negative news about the company that morning.

As the person in charge, he couldn't escape responsibility.

This was his fault.

Isabella glanced at Nolan briefly before quickly looking away.

With her grandfather still in bed, she didn't want to think about anything related to Nolan, nor did she want to speak to him.

She had seen Aiden, and given her current status, it was no longer appropriate for her to stay.

Isabella pulled her hand away from Michael's grasp, made an excuse, and left the room.

###chapter 488 Provoking Nolan

Michael wanted to chase after her, but he knew Isabella was the last person who wanted to see him right now.

Even though it hurt, he had to keep his feelings in check.

Otherwise, how would he be any different from before?

After Isabella accepted the gemstone pendant, Aiden's mood visibly lifted, and he seemed much more energetic.

With Michael's help, he sat up and reached out to Nolan.

He wanted Nolan to come over; he had something to ask.

"Nolan, is everything sorted out?"

Nolan nodded, "Yeah, Grandpa. Everything's taken care of. But this time, the mess was huge and it hurt the company's reputation. It's on me, and I deserve any blame you throw my way."

This whole mess started because of him, and the company's losses were definitely tied to his actions.

He had underestimated the Adri Family's ambition and methods, leading to the Brown Group suffering this impact and loss.

Nolan couldn't deny that.

If he hadn't been blinded by his desire for revenge and made deals with the Adri Family, he wouldn't have brought this trouble upon them, nor would he have put the Brown Group at such risk.

His thirst for revenge had turned him into a pawn in someone else's game.

He had harmed the Brown Group and the business he had once built with his own hands.

There were some things he couldn't bring himself to say in front of his grandfather.

He knew too well the Adri Family's ambition and greed.

Now that they had their sights set on the Brown Group, they wouldn't let go easily. This negative impact was just a small warning.

If he continued to resist them, the Brown Group's financial chain would break, or they would be cornered by the Adri Family, ultimately leading to bankruptcy.

The Adri Family would be the biggest beneficiaries of this scheme.

Hearing that the situation was resolved, Aiden finally breathed a sigh of relief. "As long as it's resolved, I don't blame you."

Saying this, Aiden reached out and held Nolan's hand, giving it a reassuring pat.

It was as if he was telling Nolan not to be afraid, that no matter what happened, his grandfather would always be there to support him.

This warm sentiment was something Nolan had never experienced before.

Or rather, he had always thought these gestures were reserved for Michael.

Nolan was momentarily stunned.

All his life, he had been seen as dispensable by everyone. All the affection was given to Michael, while he was met with disdain.

Now, after causing such a big mess, he had expected Aiden to scold him or strip him of his CEO position.

But Aiden didn't blame him at all.

Could it be that Aiden, knowing he didn't have much time left, had developed a sense of pity for Nolan?

Nolan couldn't figure it out, but he couldn't bring himself to believe that he had finally received his grandfather's affection.

After a few more words, Aiden was forced to rest by the doctor.

Having just undergone surgery and given his age, the best way for him to recover was to rest well and avoid stress.

Following Aiden's instructions, Michael took the wheelchair from behind Nolan and pushed him out of the room.

They reached the end of the hallway.

Away from the room, Michael no longer needed to maintain the facade of brotherly love with Nolan.

He stood by the window, opened it, lit a cigarette, and gazed out with an unreadable expression.

But his question was directed at Nolan, "Is the issue with Leanne Corporation really resolved?"

Nolan might have fooled their grandfather, but he couldn't fool Michael.

With such a big stir online, if someone hadn't been backing Leanne Corporation, that small company wouldn't have dared to challenge the Brown Group so openly.

Whatever Nolan meant by "resolved," it must have involved some deal with the Adri Family.

"The company's matters are under my management now. If I say it's resolved, then it's resolved. Don't forget your current status; you no longer have the right to question me."

Michael was so tall that Nolan had to look up from his wheelchair to speak to him.

This made him uncomfortable.

But what bothered him more was that Isabella had accepted the gemstone pendant.

He couldn't help but sneer, "Michael, are you questioning me because you think you've won?"

Michael was puzzled.

He frowned and looked at Nolan, his voice cold, "What do you mean by that? Are you trying to provoke me?"

Everyone knew the company was in Nolan's hands now. Even with their grandfather seriously ill, there was no intention of changing the successor.

Wasn't this what Nolan had always dreamed of?

Clearly, Nolan had gained the most, yet he was asking if Michael thought he had won. Was Nolan out of his mind?

Provoke?

Nolan's lips curled into a mocking smile. 'Cut the act-it's just us here. You used Grandpa's illness to manipulate Isabella into accepting that pendant and getting back with you. After all these years, she still picked you in the end. You won, didn't you? What, am I supposed to pop champagne for you two?"

Nolan said this with a smile, but his heart was bleeding.

He couldn't understand.

He loved Isabella more, cared for her just as much as Michael did.

But why did Isabella always choose Michael over him?

Even when he confessed, she rejected him without hesitation.

She even said she never had feelings for him.

Michael was momentarily stunned by Nolan's words.

He quickly realized that Nolan had misunderstood the scene in the hospital room.

But so what?

He had no obligation to explain to Nolan.

Not long ago, Nolan had told him that Isabella truly loved Nolan, not Michael.

He even said that Isabella had married Michael because she saw him as a stand-in for Nolan.

This misunderstanding had deepened the rift between him and Isabella, causing them to miss out on each other.

Now, he could finally let Nolan feel what it was like to be on the receiving end of such a misconception.

He had to admit, it felt pretty good.

Seeing the resentment in Nolan's eyes, Michael raised an eyebrow in satisfaction and nodded deliberately.

"Feel free to congratulate us! Honestly, Isabella and I might not have gotten back together without your help. We're planning a big wedding for our second time around - you've gotta be there as our witness! And hey, no pressure, but we're totally looking forward to your gift!"

###chapter 489 I Might Propose to Her

Hearing Michael talk about the wedding, Nolan's face twisted with anger.

Seeing Michael like this, he couldn't help but think back to the day he confessed to Isabella.

At first, he thought she was just too shocked, but when she called him later, he realized she never intended to consider a future with him.

She had always loved Michael, from the beginning to the end.

She only befriended him out of pity, but he didn't need that!

The last thing he needed was anyone's sympathy!

The angrier Nolan got, the more satisfied Michael felt.

He had a sense of sweet revenge.

After all, he had learned this trick from Nolan, and now he was using it against him. Who wouldn't say he deserved it?

The next second, he heard Nolan's cold voice.

"Michael, you won't get your way! Do you really think Isabella will marry you again? I've known her for over ten years. Do you think I don't understand her? The only reason she accepted that gemstone pendant in front of you today was to avoid upsetting Grandpa. Isabella has already divorced you. She doesn't love you anymore. Even if she gets married, it will be to me, not you. Do you understand?"

Nolan clenched his fists and shouted at Michael in anger.

But Michael didn't care about any of this. His attention was on Nolan's legs, covered by a blanket.

Aaron had said that Nolan's legs were fine and that he could walk like a normal person.

He was only pretending to be wheelchair-bound.

But now, Nolan's legs were covered tightly by the blanket, and Michael couldn't see any problem except for the black shoes.

That didn't mean he couldn't uncover Nolan's secrets.

"Nolan, who Isabella marries is her choice, not something you or I can decide!"

Michael didn't take his words seriously.

He had said those things just to provoke Nolan.

Not to mention, Isabella had no intention of reconciling with him.

He just wanted to use these words to throw Nolan off balance, making it easier for him to ask his next question.

"Nolan, if your legs could walk normally, what would you want to do the most?"

Michael spoke calmly and casually.

But his sharp eyes were fixed on Nolan's expression, trying to confirm some answers.

For example, the man in the surveillance video from his office, dressed in sportswear, wearing a black mask and hat, who freely took documents from his safe and forged his handwriting to frame him.

What was Nolan thinking at that moment when he succeeded?

He must have been excited and happy.

Nolan had worked for the Adri Family abroad for so long, only to get their help in returning to the Brown Group. Now he was just one step away from achieving his goal.

How could he not be happy?

But Nolan forgot one thing: he wanted to use the Adri Family to get the Brown Group, while they only saw him as a stepping stone to take over the Brown Group.

People like that never agreed to share benefits. Their ambition had long been exposed.

Nolan was too smart not to see the Adri Family's intentions.

But his obsession with the Brown Group clouded his judgment. Desire, once it took root, became both a weakness and a vulnerability.

Rather than saying the Adri Family sought Nolan for "mutual benefit," it was more accurate to say Nolan was dragged down by his own desires.

To satisfy his hatred for being kicked out of the Brown Group, he was willing to ally with outsiders to bring it down.

Nolan, did you really not regret this?

At this moment, Nolan was still lost in the previous question.

If he could stand on his own two feet in front of everyone, what he wanted most would be to...

"I think I would propose to Isabella in front of a crowd."

Even knowing she wouldn't agree, he wanted to make his dream come true once.

He had loved her for over ten years and deserved one more chance to fight for his happiness.

Michael let out a dry chuckle.

He couldn't help it; someone out there was even more delusional than him.

"What are you laughing at?"

Nolan's face darkened, and his tone became cold.

Wasn't it Michael who asked the question? Nolan told the truth and was mercilessly mocked. How could Nolan stand it?

Michael spread his hands helplessly. "You're planning to propose to my wife in public. If I don't laugh, should I beat you up in front of Grandpa?"

Of course, he didn't mind, but he was worried Grandpa couldn't handle the shock.

As he spoke, his gaze fell back on Nolan's legs, and his smile became meaningful.

"But don't worry, that wish will only remain a dream. It will never become reality."

And he wouldn't let Nolan achieve that wish.

Nolan had fallen for his wife. If it became reality, not only would Grandpa disapprove, but the Wilson Family wouldn't let Nolan have his way either.

She had just divorced him and got together with Nolan. Didn't Isabella care about her reputation?

Nolan really didn't consider any practical factors.

Hearing this, Nolan thought Michael was just jealous and sneered.

"Michael, don't forget Isabella doesn't belong to you anymore. If she agrees to my pursuit, we'll be a couple. Do you think you have the right to stop us?"

If this had happened before, Nolan's words might have gotten to him. But now, knowing Isabella had kept him in her heart all along, Michael didn't even flinch.

On the contrary, he could now see the guilt in Nolan's eyes when he said those words.

It was always easy to spot a liar once you knew what to look for.

Realizing this, Michael wanted to kick himself. How had he missed all the red flags in Nolan's behavior? If he'd just pushed a little harder, asked one more question, couldn't he have seen through Nolan's act?

But at this point, it didn't matter anymore. What stood between him and Isabella now went far beyond anything to do with Nolan.

So, he wouldn't argue with Nolan over these things anymore.

Michael sighed deeply, not wanting to waste more time on this, and changed the subject.

"Whether I have the right is not for you to decide. But I don't want to discuss this with you anymore. I just want to ask you one question: how do you plan to deal with the Leanne Corporation?"

###chapter 490 Figured It Out

At first, Michael thought the situation with Leanne Corporation was just a small warning from the Adri Family to Nolan.

But just now, seeing Nolan apologize to Grandpa in the hospital room, Michael realized it wasn't that simple. Nolan's tone and expression were too genuine to be faked.

Michael had dealt with the Adri Family before and knew how ambitious they were. If they wanted Nolan to comply, they wouldn't back off so easily. The fact that Nolan felt so guilty about apologizing to Grandpa suggested that the Adri Family was finally showing their true colors.

However, Nolan was now on high alert. Michael's repeated questioning made Nolan suspicious, even thinking this was Michael's best chance to compete for the heir position.

But Nolan had worked hard to get what he wanted; there was no way he would let it go so easily.

"Michael, you better recognize your current status. Grandpa has entrusted the company to me. This is your last warning: stay out of things that don't concern you!"

Michael was speechless. He smirked coldly, "You weren't this nervous when you took over the Brown Group. Relax, as long as you manage the company well, no one will fight you for the president's position."

Michael glanced at Aiden's hospital room, his tone dropping a few notches. "Haven't you noticed that Grandpa hasn't considered giving the company back to me? Maybe he already acknowledges your abilities. So, focus on being the president of the Brown Group and stop thinking everyone is out to get you."

If this was the outcome Grandpa wanted, Michael was willing to let go. Before his mother told him the truth, he had indeed thought about fighting Nolan, even if it meant mutual destruction, to reclaim what was his. Back then, it was all about a man's pride.

But now, he understood Grandpa's intentions to help him win back Isabella, and the doctor's words after Grandpa's surgery. When he held Isabella's hands tightly just now, he realized something.

If he couldn't even keep the person he loved most, what was the point of holding onto the Brown Group?

"Michael, what do you mean by that?" Nolan wasn't stupid. His brother had been investigating him, so how could he suddenly give up on the Brown Group?

Michael didn't bother explaining further. He just threw out one last warning and turned to leave. "Nolan, the Brown Group is something you worked hard for too. Take good care of it, don't make me look down on you."

After settling things with Aiden, Michael went to the private hospital where Aaron was staying. In the room, only Renee was by Aaron's side.

"Aaron, you've put a lot of effort into finding evidence against Nolan, but now I want to tell you, I don't want to pursue this anymore. Let's stop."

Michael didn't avoid Renee when he told Aaron his decision, so they were both shocked. Aaron took a while to process what Michael meant.

"But why, Mr. Brown? Did something happen?" Aaron asked, bewildered. They were just one step away from bringing Nolan down and reclaiming the Brown Group. Why was Michael giving up now?

Even Renee thought Michael was joking and couldn't help but ask, "Mr. Brown, do you know what you're saying? If we stop now, all our previous efforts will be wasted."

Michael nodded seriously but remained firm. "I know."

"But..." Aaron started, but Renee stopped him with a slight shake of her head and a glance at the room across the hall. Aaron quickly understood her meaning and swallowed his questions.

He knew Michael's character better than anyone. Once Michael made a decision, no one could change his mind. But he wasn't the only one confused; someone else was too.

Isabella, who had come to visit Aaron at the same time as Michael, had hidden in the next room when she saw Michael. She couldn't believe what she overheard in just a few minutes.

What was Michael thinking? Isabella wanted to rush over and confront him. She had stayed up all night finding evidence to clear his name. Now, just one step away from exposing Nolan, he wanted to stop?

That was the Brown Group, the company he had managed for three years. How could he just give it up? Didn't he realize that not fighting now meant handing the entire Brown Group to Nolan, leaving no place for himself in the future?

Just as Isabella was about to storm out, she heard Michael's voice again from the next room. "It's not that big a deal. I just figured if Nolan wants the Brown Group so badly, he can have it. Fighting over it isn't worth it."

Isabella was almost suffocated by Michael's nonchalant attitude. Aaron couldn't stand it either. "Mr. Brown, have you forgotten you're the rightful heir to the Brown Group, not Nolan? And have you forgotten what he did to you to take it? How can you forgive him so easily? And what about the company? Are you just going to give it up?" Aaron was baffled.

What had happened overnight to make Michael change so drastically?

"The company is in Nolan's hands. Let him manage it," Michael said with casual finality, like he'd made peace with the decision.

"Honestly, there are other things I'd rather do than run the company. Besides, we both know what Nolan's capable of. He already led the Brown Group to success before. The company will be fine with him in charge. Even Grandpa trusts him. Why should I get in the way?"

What a way to put it. Isabella bit her lip in frustration. They were all part of the Brown Family, sharing the same blood. So Michael could let go of these grudges easily.

But what about her? All her efforts to help him would be wasted. Michael didn't even know what she had done for him.

It made her realize she needed to stop getting involved in matters that didn't concern her, to avoid bringing unnecessary trouble on herself.

###chapter 491 No More Chance

Isabella took a deep breath, ready to leave, when she suddenly heard footsteps outside the door.

Her heart tightened instantly.

The next second, the door right next to her was knocked on.

Michael's deep, familiar voice came through the thin door. "Isabella, I know you're in there. Can we talk?"

Isabella froze.

She had no idea how Michael knew she was here. Renee would never have given away her location.

But now he was right outside, and all he had to do was push the door open to come in. There was nowhere for her to hide.

Isabella's heart was racing.

What could Michael want to talk about so suddenly? Had he discovered she was helping him behind the scenes, or did he want to fulfill Aiden's wish and reconcile with her?

Whatever it was, she had to face it.

Looking at the gemstone pendant hanging around her neck, Isabella steadied herself, turned the handle, and opened the door.

Michael stood there, his eyes fixed on her, as if he had no doubt she would be here.

Isabella didn't want to get entangled with him any further. She decisively took off the gemstone pendant that Aiden had personally given her and handed it to Michael.

"I couldn't refuse in front of Aiden, but now, this gemstone belongs to its rightful owner."

She understood Aiden's wish to use this pendant to bring them back together. Aiden wanted to see his grandson have a happy family in his final moments, and there was nothing wrong with that.

But her relationship with Michael had gone beyond the point where others' persuasion could mend it.

So, while she could accept the pendant for Aiden's sake, it didn't mean she would forgive Michael for everything he had done to her.

The gemstone, the size of a pigeon egg, glistened warmly in the sunlight, but Michael had no intention of taking it.

He hadn't come here to reclaim the pendant.

If he could, he would want Isabella to wear it for the rest of her life.

This gemstone represented the status of the Brown Family's matriarch. He was thrilled she had accepted it.

"Isabella, this was a gift from Grandpa. I won't take it back. Besides, I didn't come here to talk about this."

Michael said, gripping Isabella's small hand along with the gemstone tightly in his palm.

"Isabella, I was wrong. Can we start over?"

All his words boiled down to this plea, and as he spoke, his voice trembled slightly.

He was nervous and afraid.

He knew there was a high chance Isabella would reject him, but he had to fight for their future.

But Isabella didn't think Michael's apology held much weight.

Just moments ago, he had let Nolan off the hook, even though he knew what Nolan had done to try to take over the Brown Group. She had almost been dragged into the brothers' war.

Thinking of this, Isabella decisively pulled her hand out of Michael's grasp and took a step back.

"Michael, do you really think that just saying you're sorry will make me forgive you and reconcile our marriage?"

Did he even understand what had gone wrong between them?

Did he know what she cared about?

He hadn't figured out anything and thought he could just brush it off?

Sure enough, he was still the same high-and-mighty Michael, thinking a simple apology could fix everything.

He hadn't changed at all.

Seeing Isabella's anger, Michael quickly tried to explain, "That's not what I meant. Don't overthink it. I just want to say let's leave the past behind and focus on our future."

Grandpa's intentions had made him see his own heart clearly.

They both had feelings for each other, so why couldn't they clear up the misunderstandings and get back together?

When Isabella met Michael's deeply affectionate gaze, she understood his purpose for coming here.

But the nameless fire in her heart also flared up.

"Look, Michael," she said through clenched teeth, "we need to be real here. We're divorced. It's over. You're my ex now, and we both need to accept that. So please, stop calling me, stop with all these comments, and just... give me some space, okay?"

Isabella was about to explode with anger.

Was Michael an idiot?

Now he wanted to reconcile, but what was he thinking when they divorced? Where was he then?

When she had mustered the courage to confess her feelings and ask if he liked her, he didn't even have the courage to respond.

Yes, she knew he did everything for her own good, including the divorce, to keep her from getting entangled with the Brown Group and targeted by the Adri Family.

But she didn't care about that. She cared about his attitude.

She had waited for him for years, just wanting to understand how he truly felt.

But he never changed - controlling, demanding, and set in his ways, both in their relationship and everything else.

He never once stopped to consider her feelings.

So how could she easily return to his side just because of an apology?

Unless Michael showed her his true self.

"Isabella, it's not like that. I know I messed up, and I can't bear to lose you again. Please, just give me one more chance."

Michael grabbed Isabella as she turned to leave, his tone sincere as he confessed his feelings.

"I get why you're angry with me-you have every right to be. I was distant, I shut you out, and I never explained myself. That's on me. But I've changed. I understand now what you need in this relationship, what kind of partnership you've always wanted. Just trust me one last time. Don't walk away for good. Let me show you it can be different."

Michael poured out his heart in one breath.

He had overestimated his own possessiveness. As soon as he got the divorce papers, he regretted it.

He feared Isabella would move on before he could resolve the Adri Family's issues. He feared that when he turned around, Isabella would be long gone.

And he would be left with nothing but memories.

This wasn't about pride anymore. If it meant winning Isabella back, he would get down on his knees without hesitation.

"Michael, how many chances do you expect me to give you?" Isabella asked, her voice steady.

The past came flooding back.

She had once loved him with everything she had, even when it meant sacrificing her dignity, only to be met with his cold indifference.

Now he couldn't handle even a fraction of the pain he had once put her through?

###chapter 492 Switch Roles

This was the perfect chance for her to finally say what she needed to say.

"Michael, remember when you couldn't stand to be around me for even a second? Even when I begged, you never softened. Before the divorce, I asked if you ever had any feelings for me, even a little bit. And what did you say?"

"You said no. You even went to Thomas to speed up the divorce. Now that you've lost everything, you suddenly remember me? Michael, what do you take me for?"

Isabella clenched her hands at her sides and bit her lip.

"Do you think saying a few nice words and admitting you were wrong will make me foolishly come back to you and be your wife again? Do you think I'm an idiot?"

This time, Isabella was truly angry.

Before and after the divorce, Michael never respected her opinions or thoughts.

He couldn't even manage the basic trust and respect that a marriage required. Why did he think that after everything, she would forgive him because of a few sweet words?

Or maybe he had another reason for wanting to reconcile so urgently.

Michael was no longer the president of the Brown Group, but she was still the heir to the Wilson Family. Nolan had tried every trick in the book to use her resources and background. Did Michael think of that too?

So, he was only saying these things for his own future, wasn't he?

When she looked at Michael again, the warmth and hesitation in her eyes were gone, replaced by a cold stare.

"I should have known. Someone as high and mighty as you would never lower yourself to me unless you wanted to use my status to get the Wilson Family's resources and help. But you can forget about it."

"I won't help you again. Years ago, I was blind to marry you, but now I see your true colors. The person I want to love and be loved by will never be you!"

Isabella's words were firm, but Michael wasn't about to give up because of her suspicions.

"Isabella, why can't you believe me? You clearly love me. Can you honestly say you never loved me, not even a little?"

He closed the door behind him and stepped forward, gripping Isabella's shoulders and forcing her to look at him.

He didn't believe she never had any feelings for him.

But Isabella refused to give him the satisfaction.

She lifted her chin and said deliberately, "That's right. I don't like you. I don't love you. Is that clear enough?"

Isabella stared at him without blinking.

Only she knew the truth-she had always loved deeply, and from the beginning, Michael had been the only one who held her heart.

But she'd rather die than admit it now.

After being rejected by Michael so many times, she needed to win this round.

Michael smirked, as if her answer was exactly what he expected. He knew her temper too well.

"Isabella, do you really believe yourself when you say you don't love me?"

If she didn't love him deeply, why would she have insisted on marrying him, even at the risk of falling out with her beloved grandfather?

In their three years of marriage, he had seen all her kindness and tenderness.

If that wasn't love, what was it?

Michael felt a warmth in his heart. He backed her into a corner, placing his hand over her heart.

"Isabella, be honest with yourself. If you didn't have feelings for me, why is your heart racing right now? Just admit it. You're into me. I can feel it."

A flash of anger sparked in Isabella's eyes.

She shoved his hand away. "God, Michael, get over yourself. My heart is racing because I'm pissed off. I already told you I'm not interested. How many ways do I need to say it?"

Isabella immediately retorted, but the next second, Michael had her pinned in the corner again.

He held her hand tightly.

This time, Michael placed her hand over his own heart, his voice low and husky.

"But my heart is full of you. I only love you, Isabella. Can't you feel it?"

"You."

Isabella never expected Michael to pull such a move, and she instinctively tried to pull her hand back. But Michael held her firmly in place.

She couldn't match his strength, so she gave up struggling and faced him directly.

"Yes, I admit I used to love you. But so what? In our three years of marriage, all you brought me was pain and endless grievances. Why would you think I would still love you unconditionally like before?"

Isabella gave him a big, unfiltered eye roll.

If it weren't for Aiden, she wouldn't have agreed to meet him today.

How could he have such a misunderstanding?

Seeing this, Michael just smiled and lowered his head, seemingly unaffected by her words.

"I don't care. I just know that you loved me before, and that's enough. As for now, we'll switch roles."

"What?"

Isabella didn't understand what Michael meant and looked at him questioningly.

The next second, Michael leaned in and whispered in her ear, "This time, I'll be the one chasing you. I'll make you fall in love with me again. I'm confident."

Isabella was speechless.

Where did Michael get this confidence? Why did he think she would fall for him again?

"Michael, do you think being persistent makes you look cool? I said I don't love you anymore. Not now, not ever. So please, stop bothering me."

Isabella yanked her hand back and glared at him.

She finally saw Michael's true colors. He was an arrogant, shameless jerk!

Michael didn't argue with her. Instead, he pulled out some evidence.

"If you don't care about me, then why did you help me behind my back? The evidence Aaron found-that was actually from your investigation, wasn't it?"

Michael's voice was unnervingly calm, his certainty making Isabella's heart race.

"Help you? I didn't do anything," she said, avoiding his gaze.

The last thing she needed was for Michael to discover she'd been secretly working on his behalf. His ego was already big enough.

"Really?"

Michael smiled helplessly. "I don't think Aaron alone could have found the suspicious person in those surveillance videos. And he couldn't have identified Nolan just by the watch he was wearing."

###chapter 493 The Wilson Family Will Help You

Neither Aaron nor Renee knew much about Nolan, let alone recognizing a watch that appeared on surveillance for just a second.

In this world, the only person who could identify that watch besides Nolan himself was Isabella.

After all, she was the one who gave it to him.

As the person involved, how could Isabella not recognize it?

When Aaron laid out all the evidence in front of him last night, Michael had already concluded that Isabella was part of this investigation.

And the only reason she would do this, besides helping him, was because she still had feelings for him.

She couldn't bear to see him in trouble, so she decided to lend him a hand.

Seeing the look on Michael's face, as if he had figured it all out, Isabella couldn't help but blush.

She had only wanted to help him secretly, without him knowing, but she didn't expect him to see through it all at this moment.

And he even said it out loud.

No matter what, she wouldn't admit it.

If she nodded, it would completely negate everything she had just said and indirectly admit that she still liked Michael.

No way.

She couldn't let Michael see that she still had feelings for him.

Michael had hurt her so much in the past. If she just went along with his wishes because of a few words, what would that make her?

"I didn't do any of this. If you don't believe me, you can ask Aaron!"

Isabella was determined not to give in.

Michael, however, found her current demeanor incredibly adorable. She clearly cared about him deeply but wouldn't admit it because of her pride.

In a way, it was all his fault.

If he had realized her worth and his own feelings earlier, there wouldn't have been so many misunderstandings between them.

He gently held her shoulders, pulling her into his arms, and sighed deeply.

"It's my fault for hurting you so deeply before. It's normal for you not to forgive me. I just want to tell you that my feelings for you are genuine, without any ulterior motives. So, admitting you like me isn't that hard, right?"

Maybe it was Michael's gentle voice, or perhaps his embrace that felt so warm and comforting.

Feeling the long-lost warmth, Isabella had a moment of longing.

"Yes, I did like you, very much."

Isabella's husky voice came from Michael's embrace, and that short sentence made him tremble all over. He could no longer control his emotions and held her tightly.

He never wanted to let go again.

But the next second, Isabella's voice rang out again, bringing Michael back to reality.

"But Michael, it's been three years, and in these three years, I haven't gotten through to you. I'm exhausted, and whatever love we had... you wore it down to nothing."

"About what you mentioned earlier-yes, I wanted to help you, but only because of our history together. Nothing more."

"Now Aiden's trusted me with this gem. I helped you this time, but only out of obligation and common sense. Do you get that?"

This was the most reasonable and least suspicious explanation Isabella could think of.

Whether it was Michael's confession or his genuine feelings, she couldn't fully trust it.

She feared it was just a fleeting novelty for him.

When that novelty wore off, what would be left for her?

So, she used Aiden as a shield. Even if she got entangled with Michael again, she would wake up at the last moment.

"Can we trust each other just this once, Bella?"

It was the first time Michael called her by that nickname.

Even though he'd used it countless times in his thoughts, he'd never said it aloud to Isabella before.

Isabella froze, caught off guard.

The sudden intimacy of a nickname from Michael-who had always addressed her formally as Isabella, even around family-left her momentarily speechless. His voice had softened to a tone she'd never heard before.

"What did you just call me?"

This time, it was Michael's turn to look embarrassed. He lowered his head, burying his face in her shoulder, and his deep voice came out softly.

"Bella, I just don't want to call you the same as everyone else. I want a name that's just for us. Can I call you that from now on? Only I can call you that, no one else. Bella."

Michael's husky voice called her name over and over, filled with deep affection.

Isabella stood there, her mind blank.

Did she hear that right?

Michael was speaking to her so gently, using a nickname no one else had ever called her.

If it weren't for the warmth of his breath on her neck, Isabella would have thought she was dreaming.

It felt too unreal.

After a while, Isabella came back to her senses and gently pushed Michael away.

"Michael, you..."

Michael responded softly but still didn't want to let go.

He had finally held her for a few minutes and didn't want to let go at all.

Isabella gathered her thoughts and asked.

"You're here because of Aiden's illness, right? Or maybe you want to use my status and the Wilson Family's background to help you take back the Brown Group from Nolan!"

In Evergreen City, the most influential families were the Browns and the Wilsons. Now that Michael had been framed and lost his power, the quickest way was through her.

With just a little help from the Wilson Family, Michael could easily regain his position as the head of the Brown Group.

Of course, that depended on whether she was willing to help!

Isabella deeply desired Michael's affection, but she also understood that the past couldn't be ignored. He hadn't loved her before.

If he claimed to like her now, it was just a fleeting feeling, not something she could rely on.

If she gave in, she would fall into his trap again, and the outcome would be no different from now.

So, she needed to make everything clear.

Hearing this, Michael stood up straight and faced Isabella.

His eyes were full of disbelief.

Did she really think he was someone who would manipulate others' feelings to get what he wanted?

Was that how low she thought of him?

"Bella, listen to me, I never..."

"No need!"

Isabella raised her hand to stop him. His expression had already told her everything.

And she knew what to do.

"Nolan didn't just frame you, so the Wilson Family will help you. I'll talk to my uncles. They may have personal opinions about you, but in such important matters, they will consider the bigger picture."

###chapter 494 She Still Doesn't Believe Him

"I'll help you put on a show for your Grandpa, just like you helped me before."

Aiden was family, and she couldn't just let him leave with regrets.

She wasn't that heartless.

When her grandfather was gravely ill, Michael had pretended to be a loving husband to comfort him. Now, she would repay that favor.

"Bella, we shouldn't have..."

"It doesn't matter what should or shouldn't be. I don't like owing anyone. After this, we're even."

Isabella didn't want to hear any more of his explanations. She pushed him away and left.

Michael's words today had shaken her deeply. She feared that if she didn't leave now, she would be swayed by his sweet talk again.

She didn't want to experience the pain and suffering of the past once more.

After Isabella left, Michael stood there, unable to snap out of it.

She still didn't believe him?

Why? He had made it very clear that he liked her, only her.

But she thought his confession was just a ploy to gain the Wilson family's power and influence. She preferred to believe that his love had ulterior motives rather than accept that he genuinely liked her.

Michael couldn't understand why Isabella reacted this way to his confession.

He could feel that Isabella still had feelings for him, and he loved her deeply. Why did she have to pretend?

Michael was perplexed and decided to seek advice on his relationship troubles.

But after thinking it over, the only friend he could call on was Ethan, who didn't even have a steady girlfriend and was always playing around. Ethan wouldn't be much help.

However, there was another example right in front of him.

Aaron.

After Isabella left, Michael returned to Aaron's hospital room.

Aaron, who had just watched Isabella leave, was surprised to see Michael back so soon.

"Mr. Brown, didn't you leave?"

Michael awkwardly rubbed his nose, not planning to reveal that Isabella had rejected his confession.

He made up an excuse, "I don't have anything else to do, so I thought I'd stay and keep you company."

Having worked for Michael for years, Aaron could see through his boss's unease.

But he didn't call him out on it.

He just smiled and invited Michael to sit.

Their unusual behavior made Renee uncomfortable. Aaron was her boyfriend, and Michael, as his boss, seemed oblivious to the situation.

He had already visited once, but now he was back and wouldn't leave?

"Mr. Brown, Aaron may be your subordinate, but he's still recovering. The doctor said he needs rest and shouldn't have visitors for too long."

Renee's protective stance made Michael both envious and jealous.

If only Isabella was this attentive with him, he'd be thrilled.

"Aaron, Aaron, can you rein in your girlfriend? I'm just sitting here, not planning to camp out all day."

Michael's tone was exasperated, with a hint of self-pity.

As a fellow man, Aaron immediately understood Michael's frustration.

So he held Renee's hand and said, "Renee, I'm fine. But you haven't slept well these past few days. Why don't you go home, get some rest, and eat something?"

Even though Aaron didn't want to part with his girlfriend, Michael was his boss. He couldn't just leave him hanging.

Aaron's words were clearly meant to send her away.

Was he choosing his boss over his girlfriend?

Renee was furious. "You want me to leave? What if something happens to you while I'm gone? The doctor said you shouldn't be left alone."

Aaron hesitated.

Michael was a distinguished member of the Brown family, even if he was no longer the CEO of the Brown Group. His status was still significant.

How could Michael stay in the hospital for a subordinate?

As they both refused to back down, Michael suddenly spoke up.

"I can stay and take care of Aaron. You can go home for now. If you're worried, you can come back first thing in the morning."

Michael's sincere and serious tone showed his determination.

He wasn't leaving.

This surprised not only Renee but also Aaron lying in the hospital bed.

They exchanged a look, both seeing disbelief in each other's eyes.

Renee couldn't help but smirk and whispered to Aaron, "Did I hear that right? Your boss wants to stay in the hospital with you all night?"

Who would believe that?

Aaron looked down, feeling guilty.

What could he do? Michael was facing a problem he couldn't solve.

But he couldn't tell Renee directly. She'd run straight to Isabella the minute he opened his mouth.

Why did he, of all people-just an assistant-always end up making these impossible calls?

Seeing this, Michael stepped in to help.

"Renee, Aaron and I have been like brothers for years. I just want to discuss some things with him, so I'm taking up some of your time together. If it affects your relationship, I apologize."

It was rare for Michael to explain so much.

Renee wasn't stupid. Isabella had just left, and now Michael was here, wanting to stay and take care of Aaron.

It was clear he wanted to get information about Isabella from Aaron.

She wasn't worried about Michael's schemes but about Aaron's post-surgery condition.

"I'll go. Are you sure you'll be okay alone in the hospital?"

Renee looked at Aaron with concern.

Seeing Renee finally relent, Aaron quickly nodded.

"Of course. Besides, I can't move much, so nothing will happen. If something does, I'll call the doctor and nurses. You haven't rested well on the boat and stayed up all night. Go home and get some sleep."

Since Aaron insisted, Renee didn't want to dampen his spirits.

She nodded, squeezed Aaron's hand, and said, "Alright, I'll stay at Ms. Taylor's tonight. Call me if you need anything. And..."

Renee lowered her voice, issuing a warning.

"I don't care what you two talk about, but if I find out you're conspiring with Michael against Isabella, I'll do whatever it takes!"

###chapter 495 Seeking Advice on Love Experience

Aaron's face went white as a sheet at those words.

When Renee got physical, she held nothing back. She'd even take on the Adri Family without a second thought.

Given his small frame, he probably wouldn't even survive a flick from her finger.

He swallowed hard and nodded obediently.

Only then did Renee leave, looking satisfied.

As the door closed again, Aaron instinctively wiped the cold sweat from his forehead. It took him a moment to realize why he was so scared.

Michael and Isabella had feelings for each other.

And Michael genuinely liked Isabella. There was no way he would ever think of hurting her.

Renee just had too many misunderstandings about Michael because of past events.

Thinking this, Aaron relaxed. Once Michael and Isabella reconciled, he believed Renee's attitude towards Michael would gradually change.

"Mr. Brown, you insisted on staying today. Is there something you want to discuss with me?"

Aaron cautiously probed.

With Renee gone, Michael didn't need to keep up the act. He got up, sat by the hospital bed, cleared his throat, and asked directly.

"Aaron, we've known each other for years. Let's not beat around the bush. I want to hear about your story with Renee."

"Huh? My story with Renee?"

Aaron was momentarily stunned.

He didn't understand why Michael would stay just to hear about his love life.

"It's not what you think!"

Michael realized his words might have been misunderstood and explained, "I want to know how you managed to win Renee back. How did you make her care so much about you?"

From the moment Aaron got injured, Renee had been by his side, even staying overnight to take care of him. Michael couldn't help but feel envious of such devotion.

If Isabella showed him even a fraction of that care, he'd do anything in return.

Hearing this, Aaron instantly understood Michael's intention.

Michael was here seeking advice from someone he viewed as "successful with women."

As men who had both experienced heartbreak, Aaron could relate to Michael's situation.

But he didn't know where to start.

"Mr. Brown, what specifically are you asking about? My situation with Renee is different from yours with Isabella. There's no one-size-fits-all approach to relationships."

Michael considered this for a moment. "How did you get Renee to give your relationship another chance? And why is she so devoted to you now?"

He recalled how Renee had been dead set on leaving Aaron, and they'd gone through a period where they barely spoke.

But in just a few months, Aaron had won her back?

It completely mystified him.

Aaron thought for a moment, then asked with a smile, "Mr. Brown, are you asking how I and Renee came to understand each other's feelings?"

Michael fell silent.

He was indeed curious about that.

"It's simple! Mr. Brown, since you and Isabella have feelings for each other, just be straightforward and confess your feelings. That's all you need to do!"

"That won't work!"

Michael frowned. He had thought of that, but Isabella had still rejected him.

And she had rejected him thoroughly.

Isabella hadn't even given him a chance to explain.

"How could it not work?" Aaron was puzzled. "That doesn't make sense. Isabella has always had feelings for you. If you confess, she should feel something."

Michael also felt something was off but couldn't pinpoint it.

"I thought I made myself clear, but Isabella doesn't believe me. She thinks my feelings are just a way to use her. No matter how I explain, she won't listen."

Aaron was even more puzzled. "Mr. Brown, can you tell me how you confessed to her?"

He wasn't trying to be nosy, but without understanding what had happened, he couldn't help Michael.

Seeing Aaron's sincere expression, Michael put aside his embarrassment and roughly recounted what had happened next door.

After hearing what Michael had said, Aaron thought for a moment and came to a conclusion.

"Mr. Brown, I think your confession was too sudden and scared Isabella. That's why she doesn't believe your sincerity."

"Sudden?" Michael didn't understand. They had been married for three years and were now on the brink of divorce. How could his confession be sudden?

"Yes, think about how you've treated her over the years. It's understandable that Isabella doesn't believe you."

Aaron analyzed seriously, "Moreover, Mr. Brown, you've just been ousted from the company, lost your position as heir and CEO, and you two have only been divorced for a few days. Yet, you suddenly confess and want to reconcile. Anyone would think you have ulterior motives."

Hearing Aaron's analysis, Michael realized he had been impulsive.

No wonder the more serious he was, the worse Isabella's expression became. She really thought he was using her.

He should have realized this earlier.

Seeing Michael deep in thought, Aaron continued.

"Mr. Brown, a confession isn't just about words. You didn't give her the romance and sense of ceremony before. If you still don't now, it's no wonder she thinks you haven't changed."

Having been by Michael's side for years, Aaron knew what kind of life Isabella had endured.

Forget small gifts; Michael had barely spared her a kind glance.

If he didn't seize this opportunity, Isabella might actually be swept away by someone else.

Change.

Michael muttered the word to himself, then looked up with determination. "What do I need to do to prove to her I've changed?"

Aaron's eyes lit up as he eagerly offered his advice.

"Look, before you tell her how you feel, you need to show Isabella you're serious. Make up for your past mistakes. Every woman appreciates thoughtful gestures-whether it's flowers, a meaningful gift, or even just something that shows you've been paying attention. You say you care about her, but words alone won't cut it. She needs to see it through your actions."

"The timing was all wrong, Mr. Brown. The company was in crisis mode, your grandfather just landed in the hospital, and you rushed straight to Isabella hoping to patch things up. No wonder she misunderstood your intentions!"

###chapter 496 Give It a Shot

"What am I supposed to do now?"

Michael got what Aaron was saying, but actually doing it was a whole different ballgame.

When he turned twenty, his grandpa handed him the company. For the past few years, he'd been all about work and had zero experience with romance.

His marriage to Isabella was also arranged by his grandpa, and he couldn't say no.

Over the years, he'd gotten used to his relationship with Isabella.

Plus, he'd never chased anyone before.

The idea of learning dating techniques left him totally lost. He didn't even know where to start.

"Mr. Brown, if you want Isabella to change her mind, you need to be crystal clear about your intentions. No matter what she says or does, you have to convince her that your feelings are genuine-no hidden agenda."

"And you've got to be completely convincing. Isabella has already endured too much of your hot-and-cold behavior. You can't give her any more reason to feel insecure about where she stands with you."

Aaron was guiding Michael step by step on how to turn the situation around.

A guy who hesitated with a woman he was interested in rarely won her over. Aaron knew this all too well.

"Will this really work?"

Michael pressed his lips together. He wasn't entirely sold on these strategies, but Aaron had more experience in this area.

He didn't have any other options.

Might as well give it a shot.

Seeing Michael's determined expression, Aaron shook his head helplessly and picked up a tablet from the table. He found the most popular romance movie and handed it to Michael.

For someone like Michael, who had no experience in love, a few words of advice wouldn't be enough to win her back.

Since he didn't know how to woo a woman, he might as well start from scratch. Otherwise, he might scare Isabella away for good.

"What's this?"

Michael took the tablet and saw the title: "A Sweet Love Story!"

He couldn't help but twitch his lips.

He didn't want to watch such a cheesy romance movie, but just as he was about to put it down, Aaron warned him.

"Mr. Brown, have you already forgotten what you just agreed to? You're giving up before you even start. Don't you want to win Isabella back?"

Michael was at a loss for words.

Fine.

He clicked on the first scene, where the male and female leads met. It was painfully contrived, but for the sake of winning back his wife, Michael gritted his teeth and kept watching.

Aaron supervised from the side, occasionally offering pointers and sharing his own experiences with confessing love.

He felt quite proud of himself.

Luckily, he and Renee had reconciled. If he hadn't been so persistent in getting on that plane back to Auroria with Renee, he might have ended up like Michael.

Or even worse.

Thinking about it, he felt incredibly grateful for Renee's soft heart. Once he recovered, he would make it up to her a hundredfold.

Meanwhile, at the Wilson house.

Renee, sitting on the couch, shivered for no reason and instinctively pulled her coat tighter.

Olivia, sitting across from her, thought she might be sick.

Olivia quickly poured her a glass of water. "Renee, are you okay? Did taking care of Aaron wear you out?"

"No, I'm not sick."

Renee shook her head. "I probably just caught a chill on the way back. It's nothing serious, don't worry about me."

She had to go back to the hospital tomorrow to continue taking care of Aaron. She couldn't afford to get sick.

The Adri Family wouldn't let things go easily.

She didn't trust anyone else to take care of Aaron.

"You're really putting Aaron's well-being above your own, aren't you?"

Olivia looked at her with concern. In just a few days, Renee had visibly lost weight.

Isabella had wanted Renee to come home and rest. They could have sent someone from the Wilson Family or hired a reliable nurse to take care of Aaron.

But Renee insisted on staying by Aaron's side.

They couldn't change her mind, so they had to let her be.

But seeing her so worn out, both Olivia and Isabella felt a pang of sympathy.

"Olivia, I know you and Isabella mean well. I'm really fine."

Renee patted Olivia's hand, reassuring her.

She could handle it. If she ever felt too unwell, she wouldn't push herself.

"Where's Isabella? Why isn't she home?"

Renee hadn't seen Isabella since she got back, even though Isabella had left the hospital before her.

"Isabella? She went..."

Before Olivia could finish, a familiar figure appeared on the stairs. It was Isabella, the very person they were talking about.

Olivia gave her a knowing look and turned to Renee. "There she is."

Isabella had been in her room for a while. When she came downstairs and saw Olivia and Renee talking, they fell silent.

She smiled and asked, "What's going on? What were you talking about that you can't say in front of me?"

"Nothing like that. Renee was feeling cold, and I was worried she might be overexerting herself taking care of Aaron."

Olivia moved over to make room for Isabella.

Isabella glanced at Renee and said, "Olivia's right. You can't neglect your own health while taking care of Aaron. We care about you too."

Renee was touched. She squeezed Isabella's hand and said, "I know. Don't worry, I'm home to rest now. Someone else is taking care of Aaron."

"Who? A nurse?"

Olivia asked casually.

Given the dangerous journey back from abroad, Renee hadn't trusted anyone else to take care of Aaron. It was surprising that she was now willing to leave him in someone else's care.

Isabella had the same question. Considering the Adri Family was their opponent, Renee's caution was understandable.

But tonight, she had left Aaron alone at the hospital, which was unusual.

Isabella asked, "Should I send someone from the Wilson Family to protect him?"

Renee immediately refused. "No need! Someone is with Aaron. He's perfectly safe. No one would dare touch him."

Olivia and Isabella exchanged curious glances.

When had Aaron found such a powerful ally in Evergreen City that even Renee trusted him completely?

"Renee, who is this person? Are you sure they're not trying to take advantage of you?"

Seeing their misunderstanding, Renee sighed.

She explained, "It's Michael, Isabella's ex-husband. He insisted on staying with Aaron to chat, so I came home. And Aaron was very cooperative. They practically kicked me out."

###chapter 497 Running From Love

Renee felt a wave of frustration wash over her as she thought about the situation.

She got that Aaron wanted her to come back so she could get a good night's sleep, and Michael was his old boss, making it tough for Aaron to say no to him.

But she was his girlfriend.

She was supposed to be the most important person in his life.

How could Aaron just send her back because of a boss, and even take Michael's side in everything?

It made her feel like she was being unreasonable.

Michael was just a former boss, was he really more important than his future wife?

Isabella quickly picked up on what was going on.

Renee was probably jealous.

But Olivia was taken aback.

"Renee, are you serious? Michael staying at the hospital to take care of Aaron? That's impossible, he's Aaron's boss."

For a moment, Olivia even wondered if Renee was delirious with a fever.

"Olivia, I'm telling the truth. Think about it, if he hadn't stayed at the hospital, would I have left Aaron there alone?"

Renee explained helplessly.

Even though Michael was no longer the CEO of the Brown Group, his status still commanded respect. With him there, no one would dare harm Aaron.

That's why she felt comfortable coming back.

But Isabella found it odd-why did Michael stay at the hospital?

"Renee, did Michael say why he stayed at the hospital?"

Aaron was both Michael's subordinate and trusted confidant. Michael trusted him a lot. Were they discussing something secret?

Especially now that Renee was back in the country, what if Michael wanted to use Aaron and Renee's relationship to get information about the Wilson Family? She had to be cautious.

Renee shook her head. "He didn't say, just that he wanted to stay with Aaron. But I think it's not that simple. Knowing Michael, he must have some personal matter he needs Aaron to handle, which is why he stayed."

Given past events, Renee always saw Michael as a bad guy.

Whatever Michael was planning, it couldn't be good.

She needed to prepare Isabella, to protect her from Michael.

Just then, Olivia's eyes lit up as if she had an idea.

"I know what Michael is up to."

"You do?"

Isabella looked at her in surprise, and Olivia suddenly asked her a question.

"Isabella, be honest with us. Do you still have feelings for Michael? Have you ever really gotten over him?"

Isabella bit her lip, unable to respond.

She didn't know what to say.

Especially after hearing Michael's confession at the hospital today, her mind was in turmoil.

Seeing Isabella's reaction, Olivia understood everything.

It was clear that Isabella couldn't let go of Michael.

But she couldn't blame her. She herself had loved Atticus for so many years and had fallen for him completely after his confession.

She sighed, deciding not to press Isabella further, and changed her approach.

"Isabella, what do you think of Michael? It's obvious he's focused on you now."

Michael.

Isabella let out a bitter laugh. She had carried his name in her heart for over a decade, but now, just mentioning him felt like reopening an old wound, causing her almost unbearable pain.

"What do I think of him? Isn't it obvious?" Isabella calmly shared her thoughts. "He was kicked out of the Brown Group by Nolan, losing all his power and status. Even if he found evidence of Nolan's betrayal, it wouldn't be easy to act on it."

"Nolan waited three years to strike. Even if Michael retaliates, Nolan must have a thorough plan in place. And now, with Aiden suddenly gravely ill and the Brown Group facing crisis after crisis, Michael thought of me. He wants to use the Wilson Family's influence to help him regain control of the Brown Group."

"And with the Wilson Family's power and my uncles' abilities, if they step in, they could not only help Michael reclaim the Brown Group but also help him through this crisis. Who wouldn't want to take a shortcut?"

Isabella analyzed Michael's situation calmly and rationally.

She understood Michael's actions.

Self-preservation and seeking advantage were human nature.

That was why she rejected his confession and explanation at the hospital.

She didn't blame him, but he shouldn't use their relationship as a stepping stone for his gain.

Olivia felt something was off. Isabella was being overly rational at this moment.

But as her best friend, Olivia knew Isabella's feelings for Michael better than anyone.

Even if there were mixed motives, Isabella couldn't be this calm and indifferent in the face of Michael's pursuit.

Otherwise, she wouldn't have secretly helped him after their divorce.

It wasn't so much that Isabella had given up on Michael, but rather that she was running from her feelings for him.

Olivia didn't like Michael at all.

She was helping Isabella, not Michael.

She had found her own happiness and didn't want her best friend to be stuck in a whirlpool of emotions.

"Isabella, what you said is true, but have you considered that Michael isn't just some spoiled rich kid with no connections?"

Having experienced heartbreak herself, Olivia understood what Isabella was thinking.

"He once single-handedly supported the entire Brown Group. With his business acumen and intelligence, he could still build connections on his own. Are you sure Michael is only approaching you to gain the Wilson Family's help?"

"Your analysis is based on your assumptions. Have you ever told Michael these thoughts? If you both can't let go of each other, why not be honest with each other?"

Olivia's words were blunt.

Renee's face changed, worried about hurting Isabella, and she quickly tugged on Olivia's arm to stop her.

But Olivia was determined to break the deadlock.

"Isabella, stop running away. You've never gotten over Michael all these years. If you still feel that way, why not just take a chance on him and let yourself be happy for once?"

###chapter 498 Single and Free

Isabella froze. "Olivia, you know everything?"

No wonder Olivia had suddenly said those things. She had heard it all.

Olivia didn't hide it anymore and nodded. "Yeah, after you rushed to the hospital today, I got worried and followed you. But I didn't mean to eavesdrop. The door was open, and I thought you were alone. Who knew Michael would suddenly hug you?"

Isabella's mind went blank at that moment.

Olivia sighed. "Isabella, I know this is hard to hear, but how long can you keep running away? Matters of the heart are something you have to face yourself."

If Olivia hadn't seen Michael's sincere confession, she wouldn't have easily handed her best friend over to such a "bad man."

But now Michael had repented and admitted he liked Isabella. Yet, Isabella had immediately retreated.

She had even learned to deceive herself, using various excuses to avoid the truth that Michael liked her.

Because those were the wounds Michael had left in her heart.

That was why Isabella didn't believe it.

But now, Olivia had to pierce through Isabella's avoidance. Only then would Isabella not live with regret for the rest of her life.

"Olivia, stop!"

Isabella's face turned pale, her brows furrowed tightly, resisting the truths Olivia was saying.

"Isabella, you have to come out of this yourself. You can continue to like Michael, or you can choose not to love him anymore, but you can't torture yourself like this for a man. You deserve to be loved and to have better."

"I understand what you're saying, but I really don't know what to do right now. Olivia, what should I do?"

When she looked up again, Isabella's eyes were red.

She was the princess of the Wilson Family, cherished by her grandfather and uncles, yet she had become like this for a man.

She knew it shouldn't be this way, but she couldn't control herself.

Hearing Michael's confession, her first reaction was that it couldn't be true.

He must be doing it for his grandfather's wishes and the Brown Group's situation, choosing to reconcile with her to use the Wilson Family's resources.

It wasn't that she refused to believe in Michael's sincerity; she just didn't dare to try again.

If she asked him with hope if he liked her even a little, and the answer was still rejection, she couldn't imagine how she would collapse.

So she preferred not to believe it was true.

"Olivia, stop talking. Can't you see Isabella is crying?"

Renee didn't know what had happened between Isabella and Michael, but seeing Isabella's red eyes, she couldn't bear it and quickly interrupted Olivia.

She pulled Olivia aside.

"Alright, there's no need for that attitude. You're well aware that Isabella isn't in good health."

With those words, Olivia couldn't say anything more.

After all, she also bore some responsibility for Isabella losing that child.

Seeing Olivia fall silent, Renee couldn't help but try to mediate.

"Anyway, Isabella and Michael are divorced. What he becomes has nothing to do with us. It's not like we caused him to lose everything."

"As for Michael wanting to pursue Isabella again, I don't think it's a big deal. People only realize what's precious after losing it. If he's truly sorry, he'll find ways to prove himself."

"And Isabella just needs to see if his actions are good enough. Don't you think?"

As an outsider, Renee had a more open perspective on these matters.

Besides, she was firmly on Isabella's side. Whatever Michael wanted to do, he had to show real effort. If he was just after the Wilson Family's resources, they could ignore him.

Isabella's emotions were on a roller coaster, swinging wildly between highs and lows.

Olivia's words had completely shattered carefully constructed facade, forcing her to finally face what she'd been feeling all along.

Thankfully, Renee's gentle reassurance helped ground her, calming the storm of emotions that had been raging inside.

The tension between the three of them gradually relaxed.

Olivia realized her impulsiveness and felt guilty for not considering Isabella's feelings.

"Isabella, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have spoken to you like that. I was too anxious. I know matters of the heart can't be resolved with a few words, and I shouldn't have pressured you."

Isabella had calmed down. She shook her head. "Olivia, don't say that. I'm not mad at you. In fact, I should thank you for waking me up."

If it weren't for Olivia's words, she might have continued deceiving herself.

Olivia was right. She shouldn't torture herself over a relationship. Whether she accepted Michael's love or not, she deserved to be loved.

Now she was single and free, not defined by anyone.

Even if someone pursued her, it was perfectly normal.

Michael's sudden confession proved that she had become herself again, an attractive woman. That was something to be happy about.

How could she let Michael's appearance make her insecure again?

"I've figured it out. Let the old Isabella fade away with the memories. Now, I'm ready for a new beginning."

"Really? I'm glad you understand!"

There were plenty of men in the world, not just Michael.

Olivia took a deep breath, her eyes sparkling.

Seeing Isabella like this was wonderful.

Then, an idea flashed in Olivia's mind. "It's such a good day. How about we celebrate with some drinks?"

Renee eagerly agreed. "Great idea! I need to relax. You have no idea how tense I've been since coming back from abroad."

"I want drinks and barbecue."

Renee got excited and started to move.

Isabella hesitated.

She didn't mind, but if Olivia got drunk, she couldn't explain it to Atticus. And Renee had to take care of Aaron tomorrow.

They could enjoy tonight, but what about tomorrow?

"Isabella, what are you waiting for? We're getting the drinks. What do you want?"

Olivia and Renee were already in action.

Isabella couldn't stop them. She'd just say it was her idea if Atticus found out.

"Go ahead. I'm fine with anything. I'll ask Cinda to prepare the barbecue supplies."

###chapter 499 Taking a New Step

Before they got started, Olivia turned to Renee and asked, "Hey, we're drinking, which is cool, but don't you have to take care of your boyfriend tomorrow? It's not too late to bail if you need to."

Renee's eyes widened at the thought of missing out.

"He's got someone else looking after him today. Why can't I have a drink? Besides, why stress about tomorrow now? We'll handle it when it comes."

There was no way she was going to miss out on the fun while the others partied.

Without a second thought, Renee pushed Aaron to the back of her mind. Michael was keeping an eye on him anyway, so she wasn't worried.

And so, their impromptu drinking session kicked off.

Renee suggested they have a barbecue, so Cinda moved the grill to the backyard. The three of them gathered around, grilling and eating, each holding a can of beer.

Olivia and Renee quickly started a drinking contest, while Isabella focused on grilling the meat, not bothering to join in their antics. It was a spontaneous gathering, so she let them enjoy themselves.

As Isabella was turning the skewers, her phone rang. She glanced at the number, excused herself, and went inside to take the call.

The moment she left, Renee noticed Olivia's mischievous grin as she watched Isabella walk away.

Renee squinted at Olivia, puzzled. "What's with that look? Planning another prank?"

Olivia raised an eyebrow and smiled mysteriously. "Take a guess."

Renee took a sip of her beer, exasperated. "No need to guess. It's written all over your face. What are you up to this time?"

Olivia's eyes widened in mock surprise. "How did you know? I haven't even said anything yet!"

Atticus had once told her she couldn't hide her thoughts and should be more discreet around others. Turns out, he was right.

Renee chuckled. "It's practically written on your face. If you don't spill, I'll tell Isabella that the call she just took was..."

"Don't, don't!" Olivia quickly reached out to stop her. "Fine, I'll tell you. It's no big deal. I just arranged a little surprise for Isabella. If all goes well, the person should be here soon."

"A surprise? Who is it?" Renee asked, intrigued.

Olivia blinked and revealed, "It's the guy her uncles set her up with, the VP of the Wilson Group, Emilio!"

"You invited him over?" Renee was genuinely surprised.

She had heard of Emilio but didn't know much about him.

Olivia nodded. "Yep. Isabella's single now. She has the right to meet new people. Michael's been so wishy-washy about their relationship. Who knows what he really wants? Isabella is young and beautiful. Why shouldn't she find someone who truly loves and cares for her?"

Olivia kept talking, while Renee listened, stunned.

"Olivia, weren't you just telling Isabella to give Michael another chance? Now you're setting her up with someone else?"

Renee had thought Olivia was on Michael's side, urging Isabella to accept his love and give their relationship another shot. But now, she was pushing for Emilio? Whose side was Olivia really on?

Renee was thoroughly confused.

Olivia looked at Renee in disbelief. "Renee, how could you think that? I'm always on Isabella's side. I want her to move on from Michael. But you know how she can't seem to forget him. If I don't push her, do you think she'll ever move on? Isabella's been hurt so badly by Michael that she's almost given up on love. I just want her to take a step forward."

Olivia wanted Isabella to face reality, to move on even if she still had feelings for Michael. But that didn't mean she supported Isabella staying with him. Michael had hurt Isabella deeply. How could he have the nerve to ask for reconciliation after their divorce?

"You have a point," Renee admitted after a moment. "But something still feels off."

"Of course, I'm right," Olivia said proudly, pointing outside. "Just wait and see. Emilio is a great guy-handsome, kind, and he likes Isabella. He's even willing to stay at the Wilson Group for her. How can we let such a good man slip away?"

As Olivia praised Emilio, Renee's mind wandered, recalling what she knew about him. Emilio, the current VP of the Wilson Group, had a mysterious background. Even the Adri Family, known for their information-gathering skills, had little on him. Was he genuinely interested in Isabella, or did he have ulterior motives? Renee couldn't help but worry.

"Olivia, do you really know Emilio well? What kind of person is he?"

"Of course! Emilio and Isabella were childhood friends. He moved abroad when he was young, though. He..."

Talking about Emilio and Isabella's connection, Olivia couldn't stop. But they didn't know that the call Isabella took wasn't from Emilio. It was from Nolan.

Standing in the living room, Isabella's grip on her phone tightened, her body radiating cold anger.

"Nolan, enough is enough. I told you I don't like you and I don't want to see you again!"

She had only answered to avoid worrying Olivia and Renee. She hadn't expected Nolan to be so shameless. After all the rumors and scandals, he still had the nerve to ask her out for dinner!

###chapter 500 Paths Better Left Separate

Nolan's intentions for inviting her were obvious.

He still wasn't over her and wanted to use their past relationship to get her to compromise and become his girlfriend.

But she never liked him in the first place.

She had made her rejection clear long ago, yet Nolan still pulled this stunt. She truly couldn't understand what he was thinking.

They couldn't even be friends anymore.

Did he really want to erode the last bit of their friendship?

What Isabella didn't expect was that even after she said all that, Nolan still wouldn't let her go.

He continued speaking to her in the same tone as before, as if the events of the past few months hadn't affected him at all.

"Isabella, you never used to say no when I asked you out. I just want to see you. If you don't like the place I picked, you can choose. Anywhere is fine. I just want to see you again. Didn't you say you'd seriously think about your feelings for me?"

Nolan's voice was gentle, with a hint of tenderness. His last sentence even sounded like he was accusing Isabella of going back on her word.

Isabella had seen through his tactics long ago.

The next second, her cold voice broke through his fantasy over the phone.

"Nolan, enough. Out of respect for our past, I don't want to argue with you anymore. But if you keep bothering me, don't blame me for being rude!"

Just thinking about the things Nolan had said to her last time made Isabella tremble with anger.

Back then, she said she would consider it just to avoid hurting his pride.

But what did her kindness bring?

She never imagined that the Nolan she once thought understood her, cared for her, and treated her like a brother was all a facade.

From the beginning, Nolan had seen her as a tool to help him climb the ladder.

Remembering the things Nolan had said to her last time only strengthened Isabella's resolve.

She never intended to be with Nolan.

She only saw him as a brother, with no romantic feelings whatsoever.

So this time, she wouldn't believe a word he said.

On the other end of the line, Nolan's voice soon came through, filled with disappointment.

"Isabella, do you really have to talk to me like this? I've never lied to you. My feelings for you have always been real. I've been waiting for you all these years. Why can't you believe me? I truly want to be with you. No matter what obstacles we face, I'm not afraid. I've always wanted you."

Nolan's words seemed to express his sincerity.

But Isabella had already seen his true colors. How could she believe his lies again?

She calmly rejected him once more.

"Nolan, the moment you used our photos to manipulate public opinion, our relationship was over. No matter how many times you say it, it won't change. I don't have romantic feelings for you, and I never will."

Isabella never wasted time on people or things she didn't like.

Even if it was Nolan, whom she once trusted the most, she would rather let go if the feelings had changed.

Nolan fell silent.

After a moment, his voice came through, filled with both pleading and frustration.

"Isabella, why won't you give me a chance? What does Michael have that I don't? Tell me. Michael doesn't love you. Being with him will only bring you pain. But I'm different. I'm sincere about you. If you like his looks, aren't I the best choice for you?"

Nolan couldn't understand why, despite being from the same Brown family and having such similar faces, Isabella only loved Michael.

Didn't he deserve to be loved?

Isabella was speechless.

She never expected Nolan to think she liked Michael just because of his good looks.

As a socialite of the Wilson Group, she had seen all kinds of men. How could she like someone for over a decade just because of their appearance?

In the past, Nolan had restrained himself because she was still Michael's wife. Now that she and Michael were divorced, Nolan didn't even bother to hide his intentions.

Clearly, if she didn't make things clear, Nolan wouldn't give up.

"Nolan, it's true that I'm divorced from Michael. But don't forget, you're still his brother. How do you expect people to talk about me if I marry Michael and then get together with you?"

"Will they call me shameless, or say I seduced his brother right after the divorce? You might be able to handle that, but I can't. So, I will never agree to your pursuit. Give up."

In Isabella's eyes, moral and ethical boundaries were insurmountable.

Not to mention, she saw Aiden as her own grandfather.

If he knew that Nolan not only took Michael's place as the heir but also wanted to take Michael's wife, would he be so angry that he'd fall ill?

Isabella thought she had given the most likely reason for Nolan to agree, but she didn't expect that Nolan never saw this as a problem.

Or rather, he never cared about morality.

"Isabella, you know me. I never care about these things. As long as you agree, I can remove all obstacles for you. Didn't you say you liked me the most? You clearly have feelings for me. Why not be brave and admit it?"

Nolan firmly believed that he and Isabella were the most compatible.

They had shared everything over the years, from hobbies to values. If he lost her, he would never find someone who understood him so well again.

So he was determined to have a happy ending with her.

No matter who tried to stop him.

From Nolan's somewhat agitated voice, Isabella could tell he wasn't absorbing anything she said.

He was completely lost in his own emotions.

Anything she might say now would fall on deaf ears.

Isabella didn't want to continue this conversation. "If you insist on being so stubborn, then we have nothing more to say."

She was about to hang up when Nolan suddenly pleaded over the phone.

"Isabella, please don't be so cold to me. I don't ask for much, just a meal with you today. No other demands, okay?"

Isabella decisively refused.

"No, I think it's better if we don't see each other anymore, considering how things are between us now."

She couldn't bear to destroy her memory of the kind-hearted Nolan who had been there for her so many times when she felt alone and vulnerable.

###chapter 501 Threatening Her with Michael

Hearing Isabella's words, Nolan felt his heart break into pieces.

Was he really going to lose her?

"Isabella, I know you hate me right now, so I'm not here to win you over. Can you still see me as your brother? Can't we go back to how things were?"

No matter how gentle Nolan's voice was, it couldn't bring back Isabella's past feelings.

She knew very well that Nolan was no longer the brother he once was.

They couldn't go back to the way things were.

The phone fell silent again, and Nolan sighed as if he had made a decision.

"Isabella, what if I told you this is the last time I'll see you?"

"Nolan, what do you mean by that?"

Isabella frowned, sensing something off in his tone.

What did he mean by the last time? What was he planning to do?

From the moment Isabella had clearly rejected him, Nolan had anticipated the end of their relationship.

But he couldn't just let go.

If Isabella truly couldn't accept his love, then he wanted to see her one last time, even if it was just a glance.

"After tonight, I'll leave and never come back. Isabella, can we meet one last time to say goodbye?"

He had originally planned to take Isabella with him, but her rejection made it impossible to force her.

So now, he was just begging to see her one last time.

Leave?

Isabella was shocked, but then she thought it was impossible.

Nolan had just wrested control of the Brown Group from Michael, and with Aiden in the hospital, Nolan was the sole decision-maker for the company.

Why would he choose to leave at such a crucial moment?

Isabella thought he was just making an excuse to get her to come out and didn't believe him at all.

"Nolan, if you keep lying, eventually no one will believe you. Even if you really were leaving today, I still wouldn't meet up with you."

She had nothing to do with the Brown Family anymore and didn't want any ties with Nolan either.

So whether he left Evergreen City or the Brown Group had nothing to do with her.

"Isabella, you really bear to..."

Nolan was about to say more when Olivia's voice interrupted from the phone.

"Isabella, where are you? Emilio is here to see you."

Emilio was here?

Before Isabella could hang up, Nolan's long-suppressed anger erupted from the other end of the line.

"Emilio? Isabella, is he the reason you won't come out to see me? How can a stranger compare to our years of relationship? Isabella, you can't be with him!"

Isabella didn't understand why Nolan was suddenly acting crazy. A guest had arrived, and as the host, she naturally had to go out and greet them.

To make Nolan give up, Isabella decided to be blunt.

"Who I choose to be with is my own business. Emilio is my friend, and I won't let you talk about him like that."

Her short statement completely ignited the anger in Nolan's heart.

"So you admit it? You like him? You won't even see me because of some outsider? Isabella, you've really disappointed me. We've known each other for so many years. Even if you don't have romantic feelings for me, I thought you at least cared about me. But now, I'm not even worth as much as a stranger to you? What does all our time together mean? Just because you don't accept my love, you want to torture me like this?"

Every word Nolan said accused Isabella of being heartless and cold.

He sounded like someone who had been abandoned after years of love.

Isabella felt like she was going crazy.

She couldn't understand why Nolan suddenly had such a deep possessiveness over her. He had always treated her as a friend before.

But now, he was trying to control her?

She was divorced from Michael and free to be with whoever she wanted. How could anyone try to control that?

Before she could hang up, Nolan issued a threat.

"Isabella, I regret it! I've been too gentle with you, so you think I'm easy to bully, right?"

"Nolan, what nonsense are you talking about?" Isabella was truly angry. "You know why I hate you. I don't want to hear you anymore. That's it."

Thinking about how Nolan had changed so much made Isabella feel suffocated.

The best way to deal with him was to never see him again.

Otherwise, she would erase even the memory of the old Nolan.

But what Isabella didn't expect was that her moment of softness would lead to his endless demands and threats.

"Isabella, come out and see me, or I can't guarantee I won't do something to Michael. You know he's no longer the president of the Brown Group. It's easy for me to get to him."

Nolan's voice was cold and violent, no longer the gentle, caring brother he once was.

Isabella realized what Nolan intended to do and broke out in a cold sweat.

She hadn't forgotten that Nolan had the Adri Family behind him.

Especially since that family had a mysterious assassin organization.

Renee and Aaron had almost died at their hands.

If Nolan wanted to harm Michael, he wouldn't even need to do it himself to push Michael to the brink.

The old Nolan was truly gone.

The current Nolan was a madman.

Just to get her to come out, he dared to threaten his brother's life?

At that moment, she saw his true colors.

"Nolan, Michael is your brother. You would harm your own brother?"

"Isabella, I thought you understood me. I hate everyone in the Brown Family, including Michael. You know that better than anyone, don't you?"

So Nolan was really willing to act.

Isabella took a deep breath, not daring to hesitate any longer. "Fine, I'll meet you. Is that enough?"

She could be sure Nolan wouldn't harm her for now, but if she didn't go, she couldn't guarantee Michael's safety.

After all, Nolan's hatred for the Brown Family had never disappeared.

Finally hearing the answer he wanted, Nolan's tone softened a bit.

"Of course. As long as you come, I won't do anything, including to Michael. Isabella, I'll show you how much I love you."

Isabella didn't want to hear any more of his disgusting confessions and asked directly.

"Send me the location and address. I'll be there on time tonight."

With that, she hung up the phone.

She didn't want to hear Nolan's voice any longer.

###chapter 502 Just Drop By

"Isabella, why are you still inside?"

Olivia's voice rang out from the yard. Isabella quickly put away her phone and hurried out. "I'm coming."

By the sleek black luxury car, Emilio, dressed in a sharp suit, stepped out and looked in Isabella's direction with bright eyes.

It was clear he was here for her.

"Emilio, what brings you here at this hour?"

Emilio was now the vice president of the Wilson Group, and Isabella instinctively thought he was here for work-related matters.

Seeing this, Olivia, worried that Isabella might catch on, quickly pushed Emilio towards her before he could speak.

She seized the opportunity and said, "Isabella, Emilio's definitely not here for business today. We're having a small gathering, why not invite him to join us? The more, the merrier."

Emilio immediately caught on and nodded.

He looked at Isabella with gentle eyes. "Yeah, I'm not here for work today. I just happened to be in the neighborhood and thought I'd drop by to see you. Hope I'm not intruding?"

Isabella shook her head politely. "Of course not, you're my friend. It's perfectly normal for you to visit."

"Exactly. Since we last met at Graceful Haven Church, Isabella has mentioned you several times, Emilio. She says you have a great temperament and are very capable. The Wilson Group is lucky to have you."

Olivia's praise left Isabella stunned.

When had she ever said those things? And in front of Olivia, no less.

But the next second, Isabella saw the look Olivia gave her and instantly understood.

They had been best friends for over a decade. Olivia didn't need to speak for Isabella to know what she was up to.

Olivia had never praised anyone like this in front of her, especially a man. But now, from the moment Emilio got out of the car, she had been singing his praises from every angle.

Olivia even dragged her into it. If there wasn't something fishy going on, Isabella wouldn't believe it.

Thinking about Emilio's sudden arrival, Isabella could guess what was happening.

Emilio was here because of Olivia's idea.

As for the reason, she didn't need to guess.

Atticus and Holden were eager to set her up with Emilio.

Olivia didn't want her to reconcile with Michael and risk getting hurt again, so Emilio was the best choice.

So, Emilio's visit was definitely Olivia's doing.

"Olivia, you're too kind. The success of the Wilson Group is the result of everyone's hard work, not just mine."

Emilio's performance was flawless.

If Isabella hadn't noticed the exchanged glances between him and Olivia, she might have believed him.

It was clear they had coordinated this in advance.

Isabella looked at them helplessly.

Since he was here, she couldn't just send him away.

"Come on in."

As soon as Isabella said this, Olivia and Emilio both smiled.

The three of them walked to the backyard. Isabella was about to introduce Emilio to Renee, but before she could speak, Renee stood up and extended her hand.

"Mr. Blair, I'm Isabella's friend, Renee Faith. I've heard about you from Isabella. You're indeed a fine gentleman, no wonder the Wilson Family likes you so much."

"Ms. Faith, you're too kind."

Emilio blushed at the compliment, especially with Olivia and Renee looking at him like matchmakers. It made him feel a bit guilty.

Isabella crossed her arms and pursed her lips. There was no need to say more; Renee was clearly in on it too. They had all kept it from her.

For the rest of the time, Olivia and Renee, both happily in relationships, fully unleashed their gossiping skills. Once they sat down, they didn't stop talking. From how she and Emilio met, to Emilio's family background, personal hobbies, and the type of girls he liked, they didn't miss a single topic about Emilio.

Emilio answered each question seriously, but his gentle eyes kept drifting to Isabella. Isabella cooperated and didn't refuse. She knew Olivia and Renee were doing this for her own good. But they seemed to forget that she and Emilio had known each other for years. How could she not know about him?

However, since they were so eager to set her up, what could she do?

When Isabella got up to go to the bathroom, Renee followed her. Isabella stopped her halfway and lowered her voice. "Renee, did you have a hand in Emilio coming to see me?"

Renee blinked innocently. "Isabella, what are you talking about? I don't understand. If you hadn't talked outside, I wouldn't even know who he is."

Isabella gritted her teeth. Renee might play this game with others, but with her? She took a deep breath. "Renee, I'm not angry. I just want the truth."

Isabella's question to Renee instead of Olivia showed she had already figured it out. Renee blinked at her and finally sighed.

"Isabella, since you've figured it out, why ask me? I think Emilio is a good match for you. He's gentle and handsome. Why not give it a try? Maybe Emilio is the right one for you."

Isabella smiled bitterly. She had known Emilio for a long time. If they were truly compatible, there wouldn't be a need for her uncles and Olivia to set them up. She would have already made a move. The reality was, Emilio was great, but she only saw him as a friend. They lacked the most crucial element. She had no romantic feelings for him.

But she didn't explain this to Renee. Even if she did, it wouldn't matter. Feelings were mutual. If one side wasn't interested, no amount of enthusiasm from the other would help.

But her current concern wasn't about her and Emilio. It was about meeting Nolan tonight. Nolan had threatened her with Michael's safety to get her to meet him. He also said he would leave Evergreen City after today. Isabella didn't know if she could trust his words anymore.

When Isabella returned to the yard, Olivia and Renee were gone. Only Emilio was left, holding a glass of wine and sitting next to her spot.

"Isabella, why don't you come over?"

Emilio turned and saw Isabella standing there, staring at him. Isabella snapped out of it and pointed to the two empty seats. "Where did they go? They were just here."

###chapter 503 Lifelong Friends

Hearing this, Emilio's face turned a bit red. "They said they had a bit too much to drink, so they went back to their rooms to rest."

Isabella immediately got the hint.

Olivia and Renee were giving her and Emilio some alone time.

Were they really trying to play matchmaker?

Isabella sighed and sat back down. They sat by the fireplace, quietly listening to the sizzle of the barbecue.

They had been friends for many years, and now that Emilio was the vice president at the Wilson Group, they had plenty to talk about, both work-related and personal.

Isabella didn't want to complicate their relationship, so she started talking to Emilio about work.

After chatting for a while, Isabella had eaten enough.

The meal was prepared for three, but with Olivia and Renee hiding upstairs, she couldn't eat much by herself.

Seeing that Olivia and Renee had no intention of coming back down, she called a servant to put out the charcoal fire and got up to take a walk with Emilio in the backyard garden.

Although it was spring, the outdoor temperature was still a bit chilly.

The flowers in the garden hadn't bloomed yet, and only some evergreen plants were placed around, adding a touch of green to the backyard.

Isabella led Emilio to the center of the garden.

From this spot, they could take in the entire view of the garden.

They stood there quietly, feeling the breeze on their faces, neither of them breaking the silence.

Isabella had already made up her mind.

Emilio was her friend, her childhood companion. Their trip to Graceful Haven Church had made her realize Emilio's feelings for her.

And she understood that he stayed at the Wilson Group for her.

But she couldn't bring herself to accept this relationship.

Since it was better to end things sooner rather than later, she wanted to talk to Emilio face-to-face.

At least, she owed him that much.

After a while, Emilio spoke up, almost as if he was sighing.

"Isabella, this is my first time in your backyard. The design is really unique. Your grandfather designed it, right?"

Emilio hadn't met Daniel much, but he instinctively felt that the style was reminiscent of an older generation's taste.

"Yeah, everything here was created by my grandfather."

Isabella pursed her lips, looking around the garden, and took a deep breath.

"Every part of this place was made by my grandfather. Even after he passed, everything remains as it was. Every time I stand here, I feel like he's still with us."

She had specifically instructed the servants not to move anything.

Only this way could she feel at peace.

But she hadn't brought Emilio here to reminisce about her grandfather.

She had something more important to say.

"Emilio, how long have we known each other?"

Emilio was taken aback and thought for a moment. "Over ten years, I think. I went abroad so early, I can't remember exactly."

"Over ten years. Time really flies."

As a child, after her mother's death, she had thought her life was over. But then her grandfather came, and her life got back on track.

It was all so incredible.

Isabella sighed.

"Yeah, in the blink of an eye, we're almost thirty."

They both knew what was coming next, but it was as if they had a mutual understanding not to break the silence.

But Isabella knew some things couldn't be dragged out any longer.

Emilio had given up his family's business abroad to help her manage the Wilson Group. She couldn't ignore his dedication.

But she couldn't return his feelings.

So, she owed him not just an explanation, but also a change in their relationship.

"Emilio, if possible, I want us to stay like this. I don't want to lose you."

Isabella spoke thoughtfully.

But before she could finish, Emilio interrupted.

"Isabella, we can always stay like this. Even when we're old, I'll always be here with you."

He feared that if he didn't confess now, it would be too late.

"Isabella, from the day I came back to you, I've always wanted to tell you something. Can we..."

Before he could finish, Isabella interrupted with a smile.

"We'll always be best friends, Emilio. I can promise you that!"

They could only be friends.

She couldn't give him more.

All this time, she had considered Emilio her best friend and partner.

If she didn't trust him completely, she wouldn't have entrusted him with the entire Wilson Group.

"Best friends for life?"

Hearing this, Emilio's face turned pale.

She only saw him as a friend.

That was why she interrupted his confession, to protect his dignity with their friendship.

Of course.

Isabella was so smart, how could she not know what he wanted to say?

No wonder she kept steering the conversation back to their childhood. She had seen through his intentions from the start.

His confession was dead on arrival.

Even though he never got the words out, why did the rejection sting so much?

If he insisted on confessing, the outcome would be clear: leaving the Wilson Group and losing Isabella.

They couldn't even be friends anymore.

He couldn't bear to think about a future without any contact with Isabella. It would be a thousand times more painful.

So, he had to choose.

Be friends or strangers.

Emilio took a deep breath and forced a bitter smile.

"You're right. I'll be your best friend for life. Always by your side."

Emilio's voice grew softer, the last words carried away by the wind.

Isabella's eyes dimmed. She had experienced heartbreak and knew how cruel her words were to Emilio.

But this was the best thing for him.

She believed that someone as good as him would find someone who loved him.

They stood side by side, and from behind, they looked close and well-matched.

Upstairs, Olivia watched excitedly, covering her mouth.

Her eyes sparkled with excitement.

She turned to Renee, "See, I told you! Isabella and Emilio are perfect for each other. I bet Emilio is going to confess to her!"

###chapter 504 Keeping the Appointment

Olivia's certainty made Renee glance downstairs.

But all she saw was Isabella and Emilio keeping a respectful distance, no funny business.

She sighed and dismissed Olivia's theory.

"Olivia, you're reading too much into it. They just look like friends."

Renee instinctively felt that Isabella and Emilio wouldn't end up together.

Besides, Isabella hadn't fully moved on from Michael yet. Even if she was ready to start fresh, it wouldn't be easy to forget all those memories with Michael and jump into another relationship.

Loving someone was hard, but forgetting them was just as tough.

She knew how much Isabella was still hung up on Michael, so she didn't think Isabella and Emilio would get together so soon.

"How can they be just friends?" Olivia shot back, not ready to give up. "Look at them, they're practically staring into each other's souls! They definitely have feelings for each other!"

Seeing Olivia so convinced, Renee didn't feel like arguing anymore.

She raised an eyebrow. "Why don't we go down and see for ourselves?"

As long as they moved quietly, no one would notice.

Her suggestion immediately won Olivia's approval.

They sneaked down to the backyard, hiding behind a plant to eavesdrop on the conversation happening not far away.

Just then, Emilio, who had been silent for a while, suddenly spoke up.

"Isabella, can I hug you?"

If being just friends was their fate, he was willing to stay by her side in that capacity.

But he wanted to put an end to his unspoken feelings tonight.

After tonight, they would go back to being friends.

He didn't want any regrets.

"Sure, you can."

Isabella could see Emilio's compromise and sadness. As a friend, how could she refuse such a small request?

So, she gently reached out and hugged the stiff Emilio, whispering in his ear, "Emilio, thank you for understanding. We'll always be friends."

She was grateful for everything he had done for her, including managing the Wilson Group tirelessly, allowing her to take a break from her chaotic life.

Emilio wrapped his large arms around her, taking a deep breath. He had waited a long time for this moment.

But the outcome wasn't what he had hoped for.

Still, he would let go, for Isabella's sake and his own.

He liked her, and even if they were just friends, he was willing.

"Isabella, you don't need to thank me."

Not wanting to linger in this moment, Emilio released her and stepped back to a safe distance.

Not far away, Olivia and Renee, who had witnessed the whole scene, were wide-eyed with surprise.

"Renee, did you see that? I told you, Isabella and Emilio are almost there."

Olivia was more excited than anyone, seeing them hug.

Renee was also shocked.

Could it be that Isabella had really moved on from Michael and was ready to accept Emilio?

If that was the case, it would be good. At least Emilio seemed gentle and considerate, unlike Michael, who had only caused Isabella pain.

As they whispered, a shadow suddenly fell over them. Isabella had caught Olivia and Renee eavesdropping.

"Why don't you two come over here and say whatever you're discussing to our faces?" Isabella called out.

Isabella and Emilio had walked over, looking at the two hiding behind the plant with a mix of amusement and exasperation.

Seriously, did they think nobody could see them huddled behind that tiny plant? It was impossible not to notice.

Olivia was still in a daze. "Isabella, when did you see us?"

"Since you got here."

Isabella glanced at her phone.

She hadn't forgotten that Nolan had asked her out.

Now that things with Emilio were settled, her priority was to figure out Nolan's intentions.

It was getting late, and she couldn't delay any longer.

Putting her phone away, she turned to the embarrassed Olivia and Renee. "I have an urgent matter to attend to. I don't know when I'll be back, so I'm leaving my good friend in your care. Don't neglect my guest, got it?"

Olivia and Renee were taken aback and responded without thinking.

"Good friend?"

"Guest?"

Isabella knew they would react this way, but she just smiled and walked away without explaining further, leaving the three of them in confusion.

Olivia was the most unwilling to accept this reality.

"Renee, did I hear wrong? Isabella said 'good friend.' What does that mean?"

She had seen Isabella hug Emilio. Didn't that confirm their relationship? Now Isabella was saying they were just friends?

Renee felt a bit sorry for Olivia and didn't want to burst her bubble.

But Emilio, knowing the truth, spoke up openly.

"Thank you for your support, Ms. Smith. Isabella and I are really just friends."

There would be no other possibilities.

As he spoke, a hint of regret flashed in Emilio's eyes.

How could he not be sad?

He had genuinely liked her, but in the end, he couldn't even confess his feelings. Only he could understand that pain.

A white Bentley drove out of the garage, quickly leaving through the gate.

As the night grew darker, Isabella rested her hand on the car window, feeling the cold wind on her face, which only strengthened her resolve.

A few minutes earlier, Nolan had sent her the location for their meeting.

He had told her he was already there, waiting.

If she didn't show up, he would make her witness how he would deal with Michael and strip him of his status as the Brown Family heir, turning him into a nobody.

This was the first time Isabella truly understood how ruthless Nolan could be.

To achieve his goals, he didn't care about anyone's life.

Even if that person was his own brother, he wouldn't hesitate.

Someone as selfish as Nolan would never put her first.

Going alone now, there was no telling what Nolan might do in a fit of anger.

The more Isabella thought about it, the more scared she became.

She had been through too many similar situations and had to consider her own safety.

With that in mind, she decisively pulled over and sent a text message.

###chapter 505 Are You Really Willing to Give Up?

The dimly lit restaurant was silent.

Nolan sat at the best spot by the floor-to-ceiling window, gazing out at the night with a calm expression.

A line of waitstaff stood nearby, waiting for Nolan's orders, not daring to make a sound.

He was no longer the illegitimate son of the Brown Family that people looked down on. Now, he was the head of the Brown Group, and wherever he went, he looked down on others from above.

Those who once mocked and doubted him had long been dealt with.

He accepted all the privileges that came with his position, a slight smile playing on his lips as he looked out the window.

He knew one thing for sure.

Tonight, Isabella would definitely come.

Twenty minutes later, the sound of a bell at the restaurant door announced the arrival of the evening's main guest.

When Isabella followed the waiter to Nolan's table, she noticed he had dressed up for the occasion.

A custom-tailored black suit, a watch worth millions, and a pair of silver glasses that matched his current status.

From a distance, Nolan looked every bit the aristocrat, his noble and sharp aura almost palpable.

It made people hesitant to look directly at him.

But Isabella couldn't find a trace of the gentle and considerate Nolan she once knew.

It made sense. Nolan had achieved everything he wanted.

Why would he still show a gentle side?

This calculating and ruthless Nolan was his true self.

As Isabella approached the table and began to sit down, she was surprised to see that Nolan was in a wheelchair.

The dim lighting had almost hidden the fact that he was sitting in a wheelchair.

But hadn't he recovered? Why was he still pretending to be disabled?

Was it to avoid suspicion that he was the mastermind behind the Brown Group's troubles?

But he had told her himself. She already knew. Why continue the charade?

Isabella found it odd but didn't want to dwell on it. She had other priorities tonight.

Before she could speak, Nolan beat her to it.

"Isabella, I knew you would come."

His voice was full of gratitude and emotion.

As if her presence tonight gave him immense courage.

Isabella didn't want to engage in pleasantries. She decided to get straight to the point.

"You know why I'm here. So, say what you need to say and let's not waste each other's time."

She was here to clear things up.

Their relationship no longer needed to be maintained.

Nolan seemed to have anticipated Isabella's attitude. Instead of getting angry, he just smiled as he used to.

He looked at her with a mix of indulgence and helplessness.

"I know your time is precious, but since you agreed to have dinner with me, you can't go back on your word, right?"

He handed her the menu. "Order whatever you like. Don't worry about the cost."

Nolan acted as if nothing had happened between them, treating Isabella with his usual gentleness.

She had never imagined that the mild-mannered, unassuming Nolan was actually so cunning and ruthless.

What did all those years of treating him like a brother mean to him?

Isabella smirked coldly, not responding, and took the menu.

She turned to the waiter and ordered her meal.

But her mind wandered back to what Nolan had told her before.

He said tonight would be their last meeting, and after tonight, he would leave Evergreen City?

Given his current relationship with the Adri Family, was he planning to return to Auroria?

Unable to hold back, Isabella asked, "What did you mean when you said you were leaving? You've been planning and waiting for so long to become the CEO of the Brown Group and take control. Why would you let it go now?"

Logically, Nolan should be using this opportunity to make the Brown Group his own.

Why would he let go of the Brown Group so easily?

Isabella couldn't understand.

Nolan chuckled softly, as if he had been waiting for her to ask this.

"Isabella, I thought you knew me. Have you forgotten the resentment and hatred in my heart? Now that I've achieved what I wanted, there's no point in staying."

Nolan's eyes were indifferent, as if this decision held no sentiment for him.

Isabella was even more confused. "Didn't you want the entire Brown Family?"

She didn't get it.

If this was such a hurdle for Nolan, why give it up so easily after achieving it?

If he could let go so easily, what was the point of all his years of planning and patience abroad?

This didn't match Nolan's usual approach.

And she couldn't believe that the bullying and grievances Nolan had endured could be erased just by taking over the Brown Group.

It couldn't be that simple.

Nolan nodded lightly. "You're right. I did want control of the Brown Group. But now that I have it, it doesn't mean much to me."

Seeing Isabella's disbelief, he took a sip of water and continued.

"When I wanted to prove my worth to the Brown Group, it was Grandpa who pulled me down from the heights and discarded me like a useless pawn, without any explanation."

"From that day, I vowed to myself that I would use any means necessary to get revenge and take back the Brown Group. Now that I've achieved my goal, I have no regrets."

"But..."

Isabella frowned, about to argue, but Nolan interrupted.

"I know what you're thinking. You can't believe I did all this just for a moment of satisfaction, right? But that's the truth. I never had any feelings for the Brown Family. Taking the Brown Group from Michael was just to show everyone that I'm no different from him."

###chapter 506 Won't You Have a Drink with Me?

Nolan lifted his gaze, staring deeply into Isabella's eyes.

"I can't believe the company I busted my butt for all these years can just be tossed aside because of a name or status. Meanwhile, Michael just stands there and gets everything I've ever wanted, including you."

His voice was thick with resentment as he spoke the last few words.

"We share the same blood, we even look alike to some extent. Why does Michael get everything, and I get nothing? Why does he get your love, while I don't even have the right to tell you how I feel? Isabella, how am I supposed to deal with this? I can't accept it."

Isabella pondered over his reasons for a long time.

It wasn't about whether she wanted to believe him or not; it was just that his reasons seemed too far-fetched.

She took a deep breath. "So, have you come to terms with it now, or have you let it go?"

Nolan let out a bitter laugh. "How could I just let it go?"

"I spent three years planning to take over the Brown Group, but I can't bring myself to use those tactics on you, Isabella. Believe it or not, my feelings for you are real."

"I called you here not just to see you, but also to tell you that if you ever find someone you love, make sure to let me know on your wedding day. No matter who it is, I will give you my blessings."

As he said this, tears glistened in Nolan's eyes.

Even though he didn't want to let her go, he still prioritized her happiness.

This was the Nolan Isabella knew.

He always thought of others first, even if he had to suppress his own emotions.

Isabella couldn't help but feel a pang of softness in her heart.

She had known Nolan for many years and understood the pain he carried deep inside. His current obsessive nature was a result of the lack of attention he received as a child.

Now, as he was about to leave Evergreen City and had given her his blessings, maybe it was time for her to let go of her prejudices and properly say goodbye.

Perhaps this farewell would be forever.

"I will."

Isabella pressed her lips together.

She didn't know if it was just her imagination, but no matter how much Nolan resembled the brother she once knew, the rift between them still existed.

She suppressed the emotions welling up inside her and maintained her composure.

"So, are you going back to the Adri Family?" she asked.

For some reason, Isabella didn't want Nolan to have any more ties with the Adri Family.

That mysterious family and the assassin organization didn't seem like a good place for him.

Someone who longed for a stable family shouldn't get involved with such a powerful family.

A peaceful, stable life was what suited him best.

At least, he would be free.

Nolan's eyes darkened at the mention of the Adri Family, but he quickly regained his gentle demeanor.

"Yeah, I have a contract with them. There are some things I need to completely resolve before I can be free. Let's not get into all that heavy stuff right now. I'll figure things out on my own, Isabella. You don't need to worry about me."

He raised his glass of red wine and gestured to her.

"One last dinner, won't you have a drink with me?"

Nolan's eyes were as deep as ever, his voice gentle and expectant. Isabella had no reason or opportunity to refuse.

Because after this meal, their relationship would be over.

With that thought, Isabella didn't hesitate any longer. She raised her glass and clinked it lightly with his.

The glasses made a crisp sound as they touched.

"Safe travels," Isabella said, her voice following the sound.

She downed the wine in her glass.

Setting the glass down, she stood up to leave. "Goodbye, I have to go..."

Before she could finish her sentence, Isabella felt a sudden dizziness as she stood up, her head spinning.

She gripped the table tightly, her eyes catching sight of the empty wine glass. A realization hit her, one that she couldn't believe but was undeniably true.

Nolan had drugged her.

As her body went limp, Isabella didn't even have time to utter a word.

Alex, Nolan's assistant, approached and respectfully asked, "Mr. Brown, what should we do next? Should I put Ms. Taylor in the car?"

Nolan raised his hand. "No need, Isabella is with me. Wait outside."

With that, he stood up from his wheelchair, walked over to Isabella, and lifted her from the chair, carrying her out of the restaurant.

The car's back door was opened, and Nolan got in with Isabella in his arms.

But he didn't put her down. Instead, he held her close and instructed Alex to drive.

Alex didn't dare hesitate or look back, quickly starting the car and driving away.

As the car moved, a partition rose, completely separating the back seat.

Under the dim light, Nolan gazed at the delicate Isabella in his arms, his hand unable to resist caressing her face, from her brows to her lips.

He savored every moment with her.

Nolan couldn't possibly let go of someone he had set his sights on so easily.

Isabella could only be his.

He had lost her once; he wouldn't let her slip into another man's arms again.

Just the thought of her with someone else drove him mad with jealousy.

The Wilson House.

It had been two hours since Isabella left, and Olivia and Renee watched the time pass, but Isabella hadn't returned.

Olivia couldn't help but call her, but there was no answer.

Remembering the dangers Isabella had faced before, Olivia's first thought was that something had happened to her.

Without hesitation, she called Atticus and told him that Isabella was missing.

Atticus told Olivia not to worry and to stay home.

The moment he hung up, Atticus contacted the bodyguards protecting Isabella, but the news he received made his heart sink.

All the bodyguards had been taken out an hour ago.

Isabella was really in trouble.

And it was clear that this person had come prepared.

Atticus rushed back to the Wilson house and asked if there had been anything unusual before Isabella left.

After all, the enemy was in the shadows, and they were in the light. They didn't even know who the person was.

They had no clues to follow.

"How could this happen? Who kidnapped Isabella?"

Olivia clutched her phone, not knowing what to do, pacing anxiously.

###chapter 507 What's He Up To

Renee was filled with regret after realizing the gravity of the situation.

If only she had stopped Isabella from leaving the house.

Or if she had just asked Isabella one more question about where she was going, it would be better than having no clue at all now.

But what's done is done, and there's no use dwelling on it.

The most important thing now was to find out who had taken Isabella and where they had taken her.

No matter what demands the person made, the Wilson Family would not refuse, as long as Isabella could be brought back safely.

Atticus had already deployed all the Wilson Family's resources to search the entire city for Isabella. Additionally, he announced a reward of one million dollars for anyone who could provide accurate information on Isabella's whereabouts.

At that moment, Olivia's eyes widened as something clicked.

She grabbed her phone and exclaimed, "Oh my God, that's it!"

She rushed over to Atticus, her words tumbling out. "Isabella got a text right before she left the house. If we pull her phone records, we might be able to see who contacted her!"

"But that doesn't necessarily mean that person is the one who kidnapped Isabella." Atticus frowned.

He had considered this possibility, but it was Isabella's personal privacy. He couldn't just check her call logs based on a mere suspicion, could he?

"What if there's a clue about where Isabella went? Right now, her life is the most important thing, Mr. Wilson. Don't hesitate." Renee said anxiously.

At this point, finding Isabella was the top priority.

They could apologize to her later once she was back.

Olivia was already frantic. Seeing Atticus still hesitating, she lost her temper.

"Atticus, for God's sake, man up! If you're still her uncle, just authorize the check on her call logs and texts to see who she's been talking to. If Isabella gets mad, tell her I pushed you into it. Got it?"

"Olivia, you..."

Atticus was both angry and helpless with his girlfriend. It wasn't that he didn't want to check; she just couldn't wait even a minute.

She even shouted his name in public to give him orders. He had really spoiled her.

Isabella was his beloved niece. With something like this happening, how could he remain indifferent? He was more anxious than anyone.

But there was no better option now.

Atticus picked up his phone and gave the order. Within two minutes, Isabella's call records and all her text messages from the past few hours were displayed in front of him.

Among the unfamiliar numbers, the first thing he noticed was a message sent to Isabella's phone two hours ago.

It contained the location of a restaurant and a threat about the consequences if she didn't show up.

Seeing the name "Michael" in the message, Atticus frowned deeply.

He noted down the number that sent the message and had someone investigate it.

He had a hunch that this person was close to Isabella.

It didn't take long for Atticus to get a response.

"We found it. The owner of this number is Nolan!"

It was him!

Nolan had just taken control of the Brown Group from Michael, and now he had kidnapped Isabella. What was he planning?

Atticus clenched his fists tightly.

Whatever Nolan wanted, he had better return Isabella unharmed, or the Wilson Family would make him pay.

"Find out Nolan's location immediately, by any means necessary!"

Atticus ordered furiously.

In an instant, all the Wilson Family's resources were mobilized to track down Nolan's whereabouts.

Meanwhile, Michael was at the hospital discussing relationship advice with Aaron when he received a call from an unknown number.

Whatever was said on the other end made Michael's face darken.

By the time the caller finished, Michael abruptly hung up and jumped to his feet.

Aaron was startled.

He didn't know what had happened, only that Michael's face had turned pale after taking the call, and his eyes were red.

"Mr. Brown, what happened?"

Before Aaron could finish his question, Michael, with a pale face, revealed the reason.

"Isabella is missing! I just got word that the Wilson Family has deployed all their resources to search the entire city for Isabella and has posted a high-reward notice on the black market."

Michael was almost panicking.

"Who could have kidnapped Isabella? Could it be Bianca?"

But Bianca had already returned to Auroria with the heir of the Adri Family. It was unlikely she could reach this far.

Could she be orchestrating this from afar, taking advantage of the Wilson Family and Michael's moment of inattention to strike a fatal blow at Isabella?

Bianca was crazy enough to do something like this!

Michael quickly considered all possibilities.

Hearing Michael's muttering, Aaron's mind worked fast.

"But Mr. Brown, the Adri Family's influence in the country is almost entirely controlled by Nolan. Even if Bianca wanted to harm Isabella, she would have to go through Nolan. But doesn't he like Isabella? How could he agree to Bianca harming Isabella? It doesn't make sense."

Michael had thought of that too.

Nolan wouldn't just stand by and let Bianca hurt Isabella.

If Nolan could be indifferent, he wouldn't have fought Michael for Isabella in front of Aiden.

But aside from Nolan, who else in Evergreen City would dare to go against the Wilson Family's socialite and kidnap her?

As Michael struggled to make sense of it, Aaron suddenly slapped his thigh.

"I get it! Nolan must be thinking that the company is now entirely under his control, and with your grandfather hospitalized, the entire Brown Group is in his hands. If he..."

Aaron stopped mid-sentence, realizing something and clamping his lips shut.

He didn't dare continue, not wanting to provoke Michael further.

Being a man, even with Aaron's half-finished sentence, Michael could guess the rest.

Instantly, his face turned completely dark.

Especially knowing Nolan's hidden ambition to possess Isabella.

That deceitful Nolan had always coveted Isabella.

And now that Nolan's legs had healed, if he had indeed kidnapped Isabella, his intentions were clear. It was obvious what he wanted to do!

Michael was instantly furious.

"Damn Nolan, he better not lay a finger on Isabella!"

Otherwise, Michael couldn't guarantee what he might do.

With that, Michael grabbed his coat and headed out.

###chapter 508 Life-Saving Comes First

"Mr. Brown, hold up a second."

Aaron, despite his serious injuries, almost tumbled off the hospital bed. He had to warn Michael about the situation.

"Did you forget Nolan's running the Brown Family now? He's got all the manpower. If we rush in, we'll just tip him off and won't be able to do anything."

As he spoke, Aaron seemed to remember something and grabbed his phone to call his girlfriend, Renee.

"Don't worry, I'll get in touch with Renee for more information."

Renee lived in the Wilson house. If something happened to Isabella, the Wilson Family would definitely react.

Hearing this, Michael paused. He knew Aaron was thinking more clearly than he was right now. They needed to know Isabella's situation to act effectively. Otherwise, he'd be running around like a headless chicken, wasting precious time.

Aaron quickly dialed the number, but for some reason, Renee, who usually answered right away, wasn't picking up. Just as Aaron was getting anxious, Michael's phone rang. It was an unknown number, but Michael recognized it. It was the same number that had texted him Isabella's location when she was kidnapped by Bianca.

Michael's eyes widened. He was about to answer when the call abruptly ended. A text message popped up on his phone.

[Isabella's been taken by Nolan. What are you waiting for?]

This message confirmed Michael's suspicions. It was Nolan who had targeted Isabella! If it wasn't Bianca, Isabella might still be safe, but Nolan had other plans for her. If he didn't get to her in time, who knew what that maniac might do?

He had to find Isabella fast. Without caring who the sender was, Michael immediately called the number back. This person had helped him rescue Isabella twice now and couldn't be from the Adri Family. He had a gut feeling this person knew Isabella.

Despite just sending a message, no one answered when Michael called. He had no choice but to text back.

[Who are you? Where is Isabella? I need to save her now!]

This time, the reply came quickly.

[Meet me at the hospital entrance in five minutes.]

Michael was stunned. This person knew his location. Who could it be? But he had no choice but to take the risk. It was the only way to find Isabella quickly.

Closing his phone, Michael turned to Aaron. "How many people from the Brown Family can we get right now? I need them immediately!"

Since taking over the Brown Group, Michael never imagined he'd be ousted from the company. Besides the necessary security for his home and office, he hadn't built a personal team. But he had treated his people well over the years. He believed some would still follow him.

Aaron thought for a moment and looked at Michael. "About a hundred."

"Get them all on standby."

Michael left the rest to Aaron and strode out of the hospital room. Late at night, Michael waited at the hospital entrance for less than two minutes before a heavy motorcycle roared up. The rider braked in front of Michael, clearly the person who had called.

The man, dressed in black, dismounted and walked up to Michael, removing his helmet to reveal his face.

"You."

Michael recognized him immediately. He had seen this man before, during an incident at a lakeside villa with Bianca. This man had been with his grandfather and Isabella.

"So, it's you!"

The man casually adjusted his hair, holding his helmet in one hand and extending the other to Michael.

"Yeah, it's me. Mr. Brown, long time no see. I'm Felix Myles."

The Myles Family? Michael's eyes narrowed. No wonder Aiden had found him so easily that day; he had enlisted the Myles Family's help. But now wasn't the time for grudges. Michael shook Felix's hand, knowing he needed his help to rescue Isabella.

"Do you know where Isabella is?"

Felix pointed to his motorcycle. "To save Isabella, this bike won't cut it. Where's your car, Mr. Brown? We can talk on the way."

Michael's car was nearby. They got in and quickly drove off. Felix didn't wait for Michael to ask and explained his connection to Isabella.

"Mr. Brown, you're curious about my relationship with Isabella, right? Don't worry, we're just friends. She didn't trust Nolan and informed me before meeting him."

"You mean she told you before going to meet Nolan?"

Michael felt a mix of emotions. He knew Isabella's safety was paramount, but the thought of her trusting another man more than him bothered him deeply.

Felix, watching the road, directed Michael to take a shortcut. "Yeah, thanks to Isabella's timely message, my informants saw Nolan taking her away. It's been almost two hours since she disappeared. We need to hurry."

Michael frowned. "You said you had people. It's just the two of us?"

Felix didn't see a problem. "What's wrong with two people? You scared?"

His casual remark made Michael's face harden. He floored the gas pedal. When it came to Isabella, fear was never an option.

###chapter 509 Found Her

Felix let out a cold snort from the side.

'Don't even start with needing two people. I could get Isabella away from that psycho Nolan all by myself.'

If he didn't know that Isabella's heart was set on that jerk Michael, he wouldn't have let Michael have this chance.

The car sped down the road like a flash.

Michael couldn't think about anything else; he just wanted to see Isabella safe as soon as possible.

But what he never expected was that Nolan had taken Isabella to the lakeside villa where Bianca had once brought him.

The car came to a slow stop not far from the house.

Seeing the familiar scene, Felix couldn't help but chuckle.

"This world is really small. I thought running into familiar faces while rescuing someone was a coincidence, but even the house is the same as before."

Michael remained calm.

He had already investigated everything about Nolan when Nolan first targeted him.

This lakeside villa was registered under Nolan's name.

But he didn't expect Nolan to be bold enough to bring Isabella here.

However, this was good. As long as Isabella was here, he could rescue her quickly.

The only problem was that the villa had many rooms, and finding her without being detected would be difficult.

Thinking of this, Michael glanced at Felix. "Are you sure Isabella is here?"

If Isabella was really inside, he would face Nolan head-on to get her out.

"I'm sure!"

Felix didn't hesitate. "But if we go in now, we'll be too obvious. If they notice us and escape through the back door, it'll be trouble. So, it's time to use some tricks."

Felix pulled out a small, intricate device from his pocket. With a few deft folds, it transformed into a sophisticated gadget ready for deployment.

Cracking the car window, Felix aimed the pinhole camera and launched the device toward the villa. It disappeared silently into the darkness.

Michael observed the entire process, noting how the bee-sized device made absolutely no noise in flight.

He realized Felix was using cutting-edge foreign technology.

The Flying Shadow Bee.

Rumor had it that a mysterious mechanical genius invented it.

The device weighed no more than an egg but had impressive capabilities.

Originally designed to explore dangerous, uninhabited areas, this genius had refined it to rival the smallest military drones.

It was sold for millions of dollars as soon as it hit the market.

And now, it was in Felix's hands?

Michael had his suspicions.

Did Felix buy it at a high price, or did he invent it himself?

"Felix, how many identities do you have?"

Michael's voice was calm but certain.

Felix wasn't just Isabella's good friend; he had also been hired by Aiden to investigate him. Now, he had a piece of high-tech equipment worth millions.

If he were just an ordinary guy, how could he have access to military-grade equipment?

Michael couldn't help but question Felix's true identity.

Felix, focused on the controller, heard Michael's question but didn't take it seriously. He smirked and answered slowly.

"Who am I? Mr. Brown, haven't you figured it out yet? I already told you my name. If you remember, your grandfather and my grandfather were close. If you don't know that, just remember I'm the grandson of your grandfather's old friend. In short, I'm just an ordinary person. There's no need for you to be suspicious or afraid of me."

As he spoke, Felix continued to skillfully operate the remote, guiding the "bee" into the villa, searching for Isabella from the top down.

"You can't be an ordinary person."

Michael concluded but knew now wasn't the time to investigate.

"Felix, once we rescue Isabella, we need to have a talk. I have some questions for you."

"Whatever, I don't care."

Felix raised an eyebrow, indifferent.

He didn't think he had much to discuss with Michael, but if Michael insisted, he wouldn't mind giving him a piece of his mind for Isabella.

The next second, Felix spotted Isabella on the controller's screen.

"Found her. Isabella is here."

Michael immediately looked down, seeing Isabella on the small screen.

It was really her.

Seeing Isabella's condition, Michael's hands clenched tightly.

Damn it, how dare Nolan lock Isabella up here?

On the third floor of the villa.

Isabella was thrown onto a large bed, her hands and feet bound tightly with ropes, unable to move.

She slowly opened her eyes, taking in the unfamiliar surroundings, her mind gradually recalling the moments before she lost consciousness.

She remembered being moved by Nolan and having a drink with him, then feeling dizzy.

Before she passed out, she was sure she saw Nolan's determined face.

He did this!

All that talk about seeing her one last time and leaving Evergreen City tomorrow was just a setup to kidnap her.

He was despicable.

Isabella gritted her teeth in anger.

Nolan, that lunatic, drugged her drink and brought her here?

How could he do this to her?

She had felt guilty and softened by his words. If it weren't for what he said, she wouldn't have drunk that glass of wine.

If she hadn't touched the wine, she wouldn't have fallen into his trap!

Isabella now saw Nolan's true face beneath the mask.

He was a complete liar, a despicable scoundrel with no bottom line.

"Nolan, if you have the guts, come out and tell me what you want!"

He might be the head of the Brown Group, but did he forget she had the entire Wilson Family backing her?

She was her grandfather's chosen heir to the Wilson Group. If anything happened to her, her uncles wouldn't let him off.

###chapter 510 Don't Touch Me

In the room next door, Nolan stared at the flashing number on his phone, a smug smile playing on his lips.

The call was from Atticus.

Nolan had no intention of answering it; he simply watched as the call went to voicemail.

He couldn't help but wonder what the reaction would be the next time he met with the Wilson family if he showed up as Isabella's fiancé.

Regardless of their approval, tonight he would have Isabella.

Ideally, he would get her pregnant.

That way, Isabella would never be able to leave him and would have to agree to marry him. From then on, he would not only have the woman he loved and their child but also the full support of the Wilson family.

This was his best strategy to break the current deadlock.

By securing Isabella, he would secure the entire Wilson family.

Even if the Brown Group was slowly being devoured by the Adri family, with the resources from the Wilson family, he would never fall.

He had worked too hard to gain his power to give it up so easily.

So, he had to set his sights on Isabella, who also had a claim to her family's legacy.

Besides, he had secretly loved Isabella for years. Back then, he had no power or influence and could only watch as she married Michael. But now he was back, sitting at the helm of the Brown Group.

Isabella had divorced Michael at this time. Wasn't this fate giving him a chance?

They were meant to be together.

Only he could give Isabella the love she wanted, and the Wilson family's strength and resources were exactly what he needed. Their union would be perfect.

So, how could he let this opportunity slip away?

He had to have Isabella.

The thought of finally having the woman he loved made Nolan's heart race with excitement.

This time, he didn't bother pretending to be disabled. He stood up from his wheelchair and strode confidently to the room where Isabella was.

Seeing Nolan walk towards her like a normal person, Isabella's eyes flashed with resentment.

Of course.

Nolan no longer needed to hide his true self, so there was no need to pretend to be disabled.

From the moment he lured her out and drugged her, their friendship was over.

Thinking of this, Isabella's expression grew colder.

"Nolan, what exactly do you want? Do you think tying me up will get you everything you want? I'm telling you, you're dreaming!"

Nolan didn't care about Isabella's hostility and disgust. Soon, she would be his, and no matter how unwilling she was, she would have to become his.

Why should he care about a few harsh words now?

Nolan sat on the edge of the bed, gently caressing Isabella's face, his eyes filled with a deep affection that could drown a person.

"Isabella, why are you still so disobedient? You know how much I like you. If you would just accept me, I wouldn't have to do things that make you unhappy. You have no idea how much I loved that innocent, adorable you. Why did you have to change? I've only taken what was rightfully mine. Shouldn't you be happy for me?"

His fingers slid down to her chin, forcing her to look at him. He still looked like the Nolan she used to know, but Isabella felt a wave of nausea.

She used to find warmth in his face, which resembled Michael's by about seventy or eighty percent.

She thought she had a caring, protective brother.

But when Nolan finally revealed his true self, Isabella realized he had never changed. She had been too blinded by his act to see the darkness that had always lived inside him.

His gentleness and care were just masks to deceive others.

In reality, his scheming and cunning were deeper than Michael's. She had no idea what he was thinking now or what his next move would be.

He might pull a knife on her next, and everything he did was just to achieve his goals.

So, she had to stay calm.

Nolan was no longer the Nolan she once knew. Provoking him now would do her no good.

"Nolan, you've already got what you wanted. The Brown family's everything is in your hands. What more do you want?"

Isabella couldn't understand why Nolan, having achieved his dream of controlling the Brown Group, would kidnap her at this critical moment. Wasn't he afraid of making an enemy of the Wilson family?

Looking around the unfamiliar room, Isabella couldn't guess where Nolan had taken her.

It didn't look like a hotel. It seemed more like a private place.

It made sense. Nolan wouldn't go through all this trouble to kidnap her and then hide her in a crowded place.

This might be his secret base for conducting shady business.

Escaping under his watchful eye would be difficult.

Nolan saw through her thoughts and chuckled, his large hand caressing her face, gently rubbing it.

"Isabella, I've confessed to you twice. What do you think I want?"

Of course, he wanted to make her his possession.

Ideally, he would get her pregnant this time.

That way, Isabella would never leave him.

"Don't think about escaping. This is my place. No one dares to come in here, and I think it's time our relationship took a step forward."

"Get your hands off me!"

Isabella jerked away in disgust, her eyes narrowing as she caught the unmistakable hunger in his gaze.

How had she not seen before that Nolan harbored such repulsive thoughts?

Nolan grabbed her chin, forcing her into his arms.

"Flinch all you want. Where do you think you can hide from me? This is my territory. Soon enough, you'll be mine too."

Nolan's arrogant words made Isabella feel sick.

But her hands and feet were tied.

Even so, she wouldn't let Nolan have his way easily.

"Let go of me, Nolan! To think you studied abroad for years, and now you'll stop at nothing to get what you want, even drugging and kidnapping a woman?"

If she had known Nolan was this despicable, she would never have supported him, never spoken well of him to Aiden.

No wonder Aiden always fell silent and sighed when she mentioned Nolan.

He had seen through Nolan's deep-seated scheming long ago.

###chapter 511 In the Name of Love

"But Isabella, have you ever thought about it? If I didn't do this, how could I ever get you to stay with me? Everything I've done is because I love you too much."

Nolan wasn't angry at all by what Isabella said. On the contrary, he felt that if Isabella hadn't rejected him time and again, he wouldn't have been driven to this point. Nolan had always been someone who didn't care about the process, as long as the end result was what he wanted.

"Isabella, do you know how long I've waited for this moment?" He gazed at the woman in his arms with an almost obsessive look. "Do you remember the first time we met? Out of all those people, you were the only one who walked up to me and spoke. From that moment, I knew I had to have you."

"I've been by your side all these years, but you never saw me. Your eyes were always on Michael, even though he didn't love you. You were still determined to marry him. Why?"

Pain flickered in Nolan's eyes as he gripped Isabella's shoulders, searching her face for answers. "Why does everyone love Michael unconditionally, including you? We're brothers, we look the same, share the same blood, but you only have eyes for him. You never even gave me a second glance. Do you think that's fair, Isabella?"

Nolan's emotions grew more intense, but Isabella no longer felt any sympathy for him. She had once been deceived by his pitiful act, feeling both sympathy and heartache for his past because she had also lost her mother's love. She had thought they shared a similar fate.

But now, she realized that her kindness and understanding had only fueled his greed and relentless pursuit. Isabella couldn't help but retort, "There's no such thing as absolute fairness in this world. Who I like is my own business. Just because I married Michael, do you think you can marry me too?"

She had seen through Nolan's so-called love. He didn't understand what true love was. He wanted her simply because she had chosen Michael, and he couldn't stand it. It was all about his twisted sense of victory.

"Nolan, before things get worse, I advise you to let me go. If the Wilson family finds out I'm missing, you won't be able to escape."

If Atticus and Holden knew that Nolan had drugged and kidnapped her, they would probably want to kill him on the spot. She just wanted to cut ties with Nolan and never have anything to do with him again.

Seeing that Isabella still wouldn't yield, Nolan sighed helplessly. "Isabella, why are you still so naive? Do you think after all I've done, I'd let you go just because of a few words? You should be the one begging, not me. Understand?"

"But don't worry, I'll be gentle tonight. I won't let you feel any pain. After all, I do love you." Nolan's lips curled into a faint smile as he tucked a strand of hair behind her ear. His low voice sent chills down her spine.

Isabella's body tensed up, but she had sent a distress signal to Shadow before coming here. If anything went wrong, he would come to rescue her immediately. By now, Shadow should have already found her location. With his skills, he could easily break in and save her.

She wasn't worried about her safety, but she was concerned about what other tricks Nolan might have up his sleeve. "Nolan, have you thought about the consequences of using such methods to get me?"

Isabella coldly raised her eyes, using the Wilson family name to warn him. "I'm the designated heir of the Wilson Group and the only heiress of the Wilson family. Aren't you afraid my uncles will come after you?"

"Don't forget who my grandfather was. The Wilson family's power runs deeper than you can imagine. You should think carefully about what you're doing to avoid bringing disaster upon yourself."

Nolan knew that well. Daniel was once a feared gambling legend, and his influence was still strong. He had founded the Wilson Group to leave behind a safer legacy for his family. Despite stepping away from his dangerous past, Daniel's reputation and power remained. His followers would still be loyal to the Wilson family.

Nolan understood all this, but he had made up his mind to kidnap Isabella and wasn't afraid of the Wilson family's retaliation. He gently stroked her hand, speaking slowly. "Isabella, do you really think I haven't touched you all this time because I'm afraid of the Wilson family's power?"

Isabella frowned. "If not for that, then what?"

He shook his head, his deep eyes fixed on her. "Because I love you. Only love would make me unwilling to let you suffer any pain. I know you still have feelings for someone else, so I gave you time to accept me. But that doesn't mean I can tolerate you using my love as a reason to despise me."

"Isabella, I've been waiting for you to see my love. But now, I won't wait any longer. I want to have you, truly and completely."

Hearing Nolan's "heartfelt" explanation, Isabella's eyes flashed with mockery. "You think I have to accept your love?"

"Nolan, why can't you admit that you're just a selfish man? The only person you love is yourself. Stop blaming your selfishness on me."

"You say you wouldn't hurt me, but look at what you've done. You drugged me and brought me here. Is this your idea of love?"

Isabella exposed Nolan's lies. Everything was his doing, yet he had the nerve to call it love. He was truly terrifying.

Nolan's expression changed, his voice lowering. "Isabella, you may not believe me, but you shouldn't doubt the bond we've shared for over a decade, nor my love for you!"

###chapter 512 Playing for Time

"Really?"

Isabella let out a cold laugh, gesturing to the ropes tightly binding her. Her voice dripped with sarcasm. "You tie me up like some kind of toy for your amusement. Is this what you call love?"

"Or are you gonna tell me this kidnapping wasn't your idea, and I came here on my own?"

Every word Isabella spoke was laced with mockery.

She truly couldn't fathom what was going on in Nolan's mind.

He clearly wanted to use her to gain the Wilson Family's power and support, yet he couldn't admit it. Instead, he cloaked his actions under the guise of love.

This suffocating love was something she couldn't bear.

Moreover, she knew Nolan's so-called love stemmed from jealousy and resentment because she chose Michael over him. He was desperate to prove he was no less than Michael.

Having never experienced love, Nolan had no idea what it truly was.

He was both pitiful and detestable, and Isabella had no desire to speak with him any further.

"Nolan, I'll give you one chance. Let me go now, and I'll pretend none of this ever happened."

"You said you'd leave Evergreen City tomorrow and never return. It's not worth pissing off the entire Wilson Family over this kidnapping. Besides, if Atticus and the others find out, they won't rest until they hunt you down."

"Let me go, and I won't mention today to anyone."

Isabella seized the moment to present her terms, offering him a chance to escape.

As long as he let her go and left the country, she could pretend she never knew him.

Time would eventually help her forget him and everything about him.

This wouldn't affect Nolan much.

But Isabella didn't expect him to be so stubborn.

"Leave?"

Nolan let out a cold laugh. "I've spent three years getting control of the Brown Group here. You really think I'd just walk away now?"

Isabella was stunned, realizing that everything had been a lie.

"You."

"Isabella, you're still the same as before. You believe whatever I say, especially when it comes from a man. You're still too naive."

A smug expression appeared on his face.

Clearly, all those years of companionship weren't entirely in vain. At least Isabella still had a tendency to believe his words.

"Nolan, you're shameless. You'd even lie about something like this to deceive me?"

Isabella's face turned pale with anger.

"So what? If I didn't say that, would you have obediently drunk that glass of wine?"

Nolan finally dropped his gentle facade, removing his glasses to reveal the sinister gleam in his eyes.

"Isn't it normal for a guy to use some tactics and tricks to win over the person he loves? I've put so much effort into you. Shouldn't you feel proud and flattered? A person only does these things when they care and love someone."

"This just proves how sincere my feelings for you are, Isabella. You should be happy."

He stroked her head, his tone a mix of coaxing and brainwashing.

Isabella was left speechless, not wanting to engage with him.

But Nolan thought she was listening, using her relationship with Michael as an example to validate his words.

"Didn't you notice? Michael never put any effort into you. He didn't even bother to comfort you. If he truly liked you, how could he stand by and watch you suffer without doing anything?"

"A woman who loves someone who doesn't love her is doomed to a bad ending. Look at you and Michael. You were married for three years, and yet you still ended up divorced."

"But we're different. I love you. I'm willing to give up everything for you. I don't expect you to do anything for me. As long as you stay by my side, I'll be content."

The more Isabella listened to his manipulative words, the more her head ached.

But she couldn't find a way to refute him at the moment.

Fortunately, she was clear-headed.

She wouldn't be swayed by Nolan's words.

Michael didn't love her, but he would never hurt the person he liked in the name of love, nor would he force her to do anything against her will.

Right now, she needed to buy time. She had to go along with Nolan's thoughts to lower his guard, giving her a chance to escape.

"I admit there's some truth to what you're saying."

Isabella put on a pitiful expression. "I chased after Michael for so long, but what did I get in return? I finally got pregnant, only to lose the baby. My grandfather passed away, and my mindset changed because of him."

"He made me realize that being with someone who doesn't love me only brings me pain. I've become someone I don't recognize."

"Now that I hear you, maybe being with someone who loves me is the right choice. Nolan, it's not too late for me to realize this, is it?"

Isabella admired her own ability to lie without batting an eye.

In front of someone she didn't want to deal with, she could still lie with a straight face.

Indeed, in the face of survival, she could overcome any difficulty.

Seeing Isabella willing to listen to him, Nolan smiled in satisfaction, gripping her hand. "Isabella, I'm really glad you understand this."

Nolan knew how strong-willed Isabella was. If she wasn't willing, things would be difficult for him.

But if she willingly came to him, the sense of accomplishment was unparalleled.

"Isabella, I forgot to tell you, this is my private residence. I just want us to spend some time together without interruptions. We need a quiet place to nurture our relationship, don't we?"

From the moment he made that call in the afternoon, Nolan had decided to hide Isabella here.

He wouldn't let her out until she was pregnant with his child.

But things were progressing even better than he had hoped.

"Nolan, don't you think we know each other well enough after all these years? Do we really need to nurture our relationship?"

Isabella said lightly.

But she feared Nolan might suspect her sudden change in attitude.

So she added, "I was angry because I thought you were using me as a tool to access the Wilson Family's resources. Now I understand you truly love me. So why not give it a try? Why do you still have me tied up like this? Aren't you afraid I'll get really mad and never speak to you again?"
